JUVENILE TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATION. First Annual Meeting. Yesterday evening, the first annual meeting of the Juvenile Temperance Association was held in the Tem perance Hall, Pitt-street, Mr Henry Parkes, M.L.A., in the chair. The hall was densely crowded in every part by ladies and gentlemen, and by young persons of both sexes. On the platform were the Rev. Dr. Steel, the Rev. W. Kelynack, the Rev. J. Graham, the Rev. Mr. Wilson, the Rev. J. Barnier, the Rev. Mr. Barton, the Rev. Mr. Caldwell, and Messrs N. J. Crocker, S. H, Lewis, A. W. S. Gregg, J. Mills. H B. Lee, S. Goold, and others. Besides the clergymen, first before-mentioned, several ministers of religion belonging to the different denomina- tions were present in the body of the hall, and amongst them, the Rev. Rabbi Davis. When Mr. Parkes entered the meeting he was greeted with loud cheers. Proceedings having been opened with prayer, offered up by the Rev. Dr. Steel, The Chairman (Mr. Parkes) rose to address the meeting, and was received with enthusiastic cheering. He said he was bound to admit that when, a few weeks ago, he had been invited to take the chair at that meeting, he was quite ignorant of the specific object of that association whose annual meeting was then and there to be held. When first spoken to upon the subject he had found himself quite unacquainted with the purpose of that association, Men living in the world, and necessarily engaged in multitudinous affairs, were often found to be thus, ignorant of matters, of which it might well be I supposed that they would have, at least, some general know- ledge,- especially when it was considered that, pos- only, many took a very deep interest in those things that had, nevertheless, escaped their individual attention. He thought he might as well admit at once, that when he first heard of that intended meeting he had been wholly ignorant of the object of that association, whose first annual report was to be laid before them that night. He was often very reluctant, now-a-days, to put himself for ward and take the chair at any public meeting, but he must confess that he had had no difficulty in consenting to take the chair at the annual meeting of that association, although he had not been aware of what was the object of their movement. And he would tell them why. Although he did not know the object of the association, he knew the faces of the gentlemen who had come to him in this behalf-was aware that they were the faces of men whom he knew to be always engaged in what was for the general good of the community men who never spared themselves to bring matters to a right end. In this movement, as he had a right to expect, they were engaged for the benefit of all, for what they were interested in was a movement for the benefit of the young. (Cheers.) Since those gentlemen had first come to him he had made himself well acquainted with the object of the association, the secretary having obligingly given him all that information which he desired. Now he understood quite well what were the objects of the association, and very heartily did he appreciate their importance. (Cheers.) That association was not designed to save drunkards from an impending ruin of both soul and body, but to save those who were soon to be men and women from any guilty knowledge of drunkenness what over-to prevent the young from ever being exposed to any such mental, moral, and physical degrada- tion. They did not there seek to purify the stream of life which had been contaminated by the poisonous pollution of intemperance, but they rather sought to retain in that stream the purity which it possessed when nearest to its source. He did not believe that there was any body of men who were aiming at an object more largely philanthropic, or more calculated to recommend itself to the earnest support of all good, practical men, (Cheers.) For what was it that that association desired to effect of Was it not to anticipate any possible tendency to habits leading to consequences it was most painful even to think upon-to results that led to misery, degradation, and rain ? (Cheers.) Any one who had looked at those melancholy statistics which set forth the results of intemperance, in I merely a social point of view, must see that that fearful I vice, year after year, hurried thousands away to misery, to I disease, and to death, It was scarcely possible, to mention. t any kind of evil of which drunkenness was not often, ; noise or less, the cause. Supposing the number of men find woman in this colony above 15 years of age to be 200,000, it had been" calculated (at the rate that spirits were imported even ten years ago) that one million of gallons of spirits must be annually imported for their usual consumption which allowed five gallons for every individual, and proved that in spirits alone (exclusive of ales and wines) thousands upon thousands of pounds were annually wasted utterly lost to the community at large. From that alone might readily be seen the greatness of those with which they had to contend ; from that might be surmised the wealth that was thus thrown away, and the loss of energy, of health, nay even of life. The magnitude of all the evil caused by this tendency to drunkenness was not to be ascertained ; its injuries could not be estimated. Not only ruinous to health and morals it had also a most disastrous effect upon tens of thousands from the mere fact that it fostered inveterate habits of idleness in what ought to be, pre-eminently, an industrial community. (Cheers.) There was also the loss of time and industrial energy for the buyer and the seller of drink for the boon companion who gave his society to the drunkard, as, well as the loss of time and labour of the drunkard himself, the man whose vice made him nothing but a burden to the State. Nor was this all of the evil which they had to estimate. There was the grave injury caused by the bad example of such as were intemperate whose drunkenness produced ruin both before and after death. Mlsory, disease, mental alienation, and crime were amongst some of the most prominent results of this dangerous vice of in- temperance. It was impossible to estimate the full extent of all the evil it caused, or to say where its results ended. The chairman went on to insist upon the contaminating example of a drunkard, pointing out that even if a drunkard were reclaimed he might try to lead the boys 5- 5 -I was able . _ so DUDnoty, by his precept and [ example, whom he had led into this vice. In illustration of the force of habits formed upon Such bad example, the chairman proceeded to relate a humourous story of a Lancashire carrier who possessed a donkey, and who had taught the poor dumb beast to take beer as well as he did himself. Afterwards the man reformed, but the ass, like many other senses, was incorrigible, and never would pass the well-known wayside inn without his beer as usual. That was not an inapt illustration of the effect which this drunkenness was but too went to produce. He questioned very much, when a drunkard did reform, Whether, such a man - did not generally leave behind him some donkey who did not choose to mend his ways. The JuveniielTemperaneo Association was to prevent Uwjuuiig people of this colony from falling into this desolating curse-this propensity to drink, by pledging children with the approbation of their parents, never touch the intoxicating cup. If they could but save all that were now growing up from the contamination of intemperance what might they not look forward to in the future of this colony. He must confess that he rested nearly all his hopes in the rising generation. There were many social features in the present day which he would much wish to see removed, and he trusted that in the next generation, and in the next after that, a very great change might be looked for. The chairman concluded his speech by expressing his conviction that the action of that society - would be the means of teaching youthful minds; to enter- tain noble ideas, and he assured all those who heard him that the movement should always have his cordial support. He begged to thank the committee for having invited him to be present, and congratulated the committee on the large and influential meeting which had there assembled. As Mr, Parkes resumed his seat he was loudly cheered. The secretary (Mr. H. B. Lee) read letters -from the Rev. Canon Stephen, the Metropolitan Bishop of Sydney, and the Rev. Mr. Vanderkiste. These gentlemen were unable to represent, but signified their approval of the object of the association. Mr. Lee then read the following REPORT. In presenting the first annual report of the Juvenile Temperance Association, it is a matter of the deepest gratitude to Almighty God that its original promoters have been spared to conduct its operations during the year and also, that the Divine blessing hBB attended their labours and rendered the work prosperous in their hands. A brief statement of the origin and objects of the society may not be out of place. In the early part of last year an address was presented by the Prince Alfred Band of Hope to the Wesleyan Conference, urging that body to devote attention to the training of children in the principles of total abstinence; a reply expressive of the deepest sympathy with the objects set forth was received, which so encouraged the promoters of the movement that a meeting was soon afterwards called of the officers of all the Protestant Sabbath-schools of Sydney for the purpose of forming an association whose principal work should be the enrolling of Subbatb-scbolars as abstainer?. The association was formed, and a meeting, similar to the present one, was called, at which Mr. William Wilkins, secretary of the Board of Education, presided. It was numerously attended by both ministers and teachers. From that time to the present the committee of the association have laboured to carry out its purposes. Roll and pledge books were prepared and supplied to such scholars as were willing to receive them. Some schools objected to take them ; many schools neglected the matter, or never mod the books were sent to them ; but, over and above all opposition and indifference, a great work has been accomplished. Between 3000 and 4000 Sabbath scholars and teachers have been enrolled as total abstainers (the exact number cannot be given as the returns are not all in) The interest in the work is now deepening and extending on every hand, At the commencement of the society's operations, the matter was so little understood that the committee were in no way surprised at the assertion that had to be overcome. Various plans were adopted to excite an interest. Addresses setting forth the claims of the movement were presented to the Church of England Synod, to the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, to the Congregational Union in addition to the one presented to the Wesleyan Conference before mentioned. Very satisfactory and encouraging replies were received from these various bodies. At the presentation of these addresses, in several instances, the importance of the matter was strongly urged by ministers and others, and much interest expressed. The various schools have been of late systematically visited by members of the committee, for the purpose of ascertaining the feeling of the officers and teachers towards the object to afford information, and encourage each school to make a commencement, where they li is not already done so. Many schools have not yet been reached but will be visited, as soon as possible. Some schools not under standing what was required, decided not to carol, but have lately rcrcrEcd their decision and joined the association. Oac superintendent of a Wesleyan Sabbath School made arrangements and carried his school to the number of 500 and 600 independent of the association, taking class by class. These 500 or 600 will appear on our grand roll. A minister of a Church of England school its termined to take the names or all the senior scholars of his school himself ; this he did to the number of about SOO, the girls and boys being brought into the vestry to him for the; purpose As it is important that the consent of the parents should be obtained to their children joining the society, the teacher of a Presbyterian Sabbath School determined to see the parents personally, and except in I two or three solitary instances consent was given. Out of this school of 193,7 signed their names. A Congregational School enrolled upwards of 89 of its older scholars. Several Baptist schools are taking the names of the scholars, and all the Primitive Methodist schools are at work. Some schools have taken the I names on Bund days, others have called special meetings on week days for the purpose ; each school adopted the plan that was most ooa venture to itself. In one reboot the minister placed his name at the head of the roll, then followed the names of his family, then the deacons, and such of their families as were willing to join; then follow were the superintendent and his family, then the teachers, then the scholars, in all the schools the teachers, more or less, have set the scholars an example. As before stated, between 3000 and 4000 are enrolled, this number includes many who were members of other Temperance societies previously. ¡ When he Flying Squadron was here about five months back, a visit was paid to the flagship by the juvenile members of the association and others to the number of about 1200, which afforded much pleasure, and resulted in a profit of about eight pounds to the funds. The number of Sabbath schools in Sydney and suburbs that have been supplied with books for enrolling amount to sixty. With regard to funds, the amount subscribed has been but small, and much embarrassment has been caused to the association from this cause. Far greater progress could have been made if more assistance had been rendered, and the committee would here urge upon those present to help them in the matter. The number of scholars and teachers in the Sabbath schools! of Sydney is about 20,000 in the whole colony about 60,000. The number of scholars and teachers in the day schools of the colony about 7000\. All these must be reached by one agency or another, and enrolled as total abstainers. If this be done, in the next genera- tion there will be no liquor traffic no drinking customs. For this purpose each minister and teacher should act an example of total abstinence himself, and then do all in his power to secure the rising generation as adherents. If we would stop the evils of intemperance we must do something more than deplore their existence, and if we set to work to overcome them, our plans, at least, must be equal to the task; tampering with the matter is of no avail. If those who are present this night would resolve upon the overthrow of intemperance, and labour for it,! under the Divine blessing, the work would be accomplished. This movement had been eminently a Protestant movement but he was very happy to be able to inform the meeting that the Roman Catholics had shown themselves to be equally interested in seeking to carry out to same idea ; although they were going to do so, in their own way. (Cheers.) It was known that they wished all their children at the Sunday schools to become abstainers. Some of the committee had been to St. Mary's, to St. Patrick's, and to St. Francis's (the Church at the Haymarket and at all places they had been very courteously and kindly received, (Renewed cheers.) The Keiustiuii (Mr. A. W. S. Gregg) read his report. It appeared that 3874 had already enrolled 'themselves as total abstainers. This had been done in all instances with the express consent of the parents. The children so on rolled were in attendance on different Sunday-schools in connection with the different denominations;, Many hundreds more had joined the movement, but" as they had not been reported their names were not yet formally enrolled. The TREASURER (Mr. N. J. Crocker) read the balance sheet. The receipts for the year had been £36 1s. Id. The expenses, including visit of children to the Flying Squadron, had been 3251 Is, 3d. There was a balance due to the Treasurer of £18 2s. The Rev. W, Kelynack moved the first resolution, which was as follows" That the report now read be adopted, and that the divine blessing be acknowledged which has rendered successful the operations of the society to the present time." The rev. gentleman said that, in common with the chairman, it was with no small satisfaction that he took part in that meeting, the object of which was so noble that it must needs recommend itself to the understanding, and to heart. The means employed by the association were so simple, and so effective, that he felt but little argument or persuasion on his part would be required to enforce them upon that Assembly. He warmly congratulated them upon the change which had taken place in the public sentiment upon this subject. Formerly, and not long since the advocates of the temperance cause were looked upon as visionaries, but fheoogenoy of their arguments was now generally admitted everywhere in America, in England, and in this colony. A teetotaller's presence used to be looked upon as being almost sb unwelcome as a ghost at a wedding, and the reiteration of his undeniable common places as a sort of perpetual blister. This was now at an end. The power of a right sentiment had at length asserted itself, and the utterances of a political personage like Mr. Parkes, the judicial wisdom of the Chief Justice, and the approval of the Bishop of Sydney, now proved that the cause had so far established itself, that it was no longer tobe I ignored. The great evil of intemperance was acknowledged by all, and how that evil was best to be grappled with was everywhere harassed, To snub the demon of internal. persons out of existence was an object to be in "order. to by every well-wisher of his kind, The re> unseeded to man, in a very lengthy and eloquent speech, p. ,nmi¡(je(i denounced intemperance, and to express his is. And for approval of all the different temperance organiser ask. the mitigation or removal of the evils caused by di five cnnesB. He defended the principle of the Formers ^ Liquor Bill, the principle of the abstinence societies, ask. the principle of this juvenile association, intended solely to act upon the minds of the young. He urged the force of early habits as a strong reason for adhesion to the last of these movements, and then insisted upon the political aspect of the general question of temperance. He argued that a large extension of temperance principles was required to enable the system of responsible Government of this colony to be satisfactorily worked out. Self-government wasnotsafo without such a general adoption of temperance principles on behalf of the people. He hoped to live to see the day when all Sabbath school teachers and ministers of religion would be total abstainers and he concluded by adjuring all who heard him by every consideration of humanity and religion to join in the movement to unite themselves and children in' a solemn league and covenant against strong drink. On resuming his seat Mr. Kelynack was loudly cheered. The Rev. Dr. Steel seconded the resolution. This speaker also expressed his pleasure at the increasing importance of the temperance cause, and dwelt upon the importance of identifying the young at a very early age, with the- cause of sobriety and of virtue. He instanced the Spartan, Athenian, Hebrew, and other nations in proof of the value of youthful training, and related several anecdotes to show how strong had been the influence of children on their parents on the side of the <\--».> ?»«-..wr-ico cause. I- saw-. ye. also brought forward several cogent arguments, to show how great and material wore' the advantages produced by temperance. He hoped all schoolmasters would be teetotallers. The resolution was put and carried. The Rev. John Graham moved the second resolution, which was as follows:-"That the pastors and teachers present, and the meeting generally, pledge themselves to render all the assistance possible towards carrying out the objects of the association, believing that by so doing God will be glorified, and the community rendered increasingly happy and prosperous." The rev. gentleman had not had time to prepare a speech for the occasion, having been that very evening assiduously employed at another meeting, which had engaged all his attention for the past three hours. He had only a few thoughts to express upon the subjects brought before them by that meeting. The Congregational Union had expressed its approval of the object of that association by a formal letter, which he would read to the meeting, as conveying the sentiments of the clergymen of that body which he represented. The rev. gentleman read the letter of the chairman of the Congregational Union to the secretary of the society approving of the association, and proceeded to speak to the latter part of the motion, showing that drunkenness was diametrically opposed to the letter and spirit of the entire Decalogue.' He concluded with a striking allusion to the destruction of Babylon, which had been accelerated (humanly speaking) by the drunkenness of its defenders. The Rev. J. Barnier seconded the resolution and spoke in its support. The resolution was put and carried unanimously as before. It was moved by Mr. S. H. Lewis, and seconded by Mr. J. Mills,-" That the following gentlemen be the Committee of the Juvenile Temperance Association of New South Wales for the ensuing year, Messrs. N. J. Crocker, Cooper, Coulter, C. W. Caldwell, J. Dart, A. W. S. Gregg, H. Huntingdon, H. Kellet, H. B. Lee, S. H. Lewis, J. Mills, P. M'Cormick, T. Medcalf, W. Morris, J. Pottie, J. Pacey, W. Pacey, J. Perry, T. Palmer, W. Rokes, J. Roseby, J. Walker, J. Woods, J. Wearne. Mr. A. W. S, Gregg, Registrar, Mr. N. J. Crocker, Hon. Treasurer. Mr. H. B. Lee, Hon. Secretary." The resolution was put and agreed to Mr. S. Goold moved a vote of thanks to the chairman. The Rev. Mr. Barton seconded the motion. The motion was carried by acclamation. The Chairman briefly acknowledged the compliment. At the call of the Chairman three cheers were then given for the Queen. These were followed by three cheers for Mr. Parkes. The meeting terminated at a quarter past ten o'clock. 