THE PERCY ANECDOTES. Saving a Preacher. — During the protectorate of Cromwell, a cobbler r,f New York killed an Indian ; but as this man was en eloquent preacher as well as a cobblc-r, the colonists determined not to lose him ; they tried him in the accustomed manner, and he was found guilty ; but on the day of execution, they took a poor old weaver who had long been bed-ridden, one of his bed, and hanged him instead of the real offender. Shrewd Guksser. — A French officer, more remark able f -r his birth and spirit than his wealth, had served the Venetian republic for some years with great valour and fidelitv, but had not met with that prefer ment wmcn ne merited. One day ne waited on a nobleman whom he had often solicited in vain, but on 'whose friendship he had still some reliance. The re ception he met with wsb cooi and mortifying ; the nobleman turned his back upon the necessitous veteran, end left him to find his wey to the street through a suite of apartments magnificently furnished. He pnfeed them lost in thought ; till, casting his eyes on a sumptuous sideboard, where a valuable collection of Venetian glass, poliehed and formed in 'the higheBt degree of perfection, stood an a damask cloth as a preparation for a splendid entertainment, he took hold of a corner of the linen, and turning to a faithful Eng lish mastiff which always accompanied him, said to tbe animal, in a kind of absence of mind, ' Here, my poor old friend ; you see how these haughty tyrants indulge themselves, and yet how we are treated 1' The poor dog looked his master in the face, and gave tokens that he understood him. The master walked on. but the mastiff slackened his pace, and laying hold of the damask cloth with his teeth, at one hearty poll brought all the glass on the sideboard in shivers to the ground, thus depriving the insolent noble of -his favourite exhibition of splendour. Pleasures or a Country Life. — The following letter from the late Sir John Dalrymple to his lelative, Admiral Dalrymple, gives an entertaining, but not overcharged, picture of the sort of felicity which too commonly attends the retirement to the country of men whose lot has been cast amid the busier scenes of city life : — ' Cranston, January 1, 1792\. My dear Sir, — You asked me what I had been doing ? To the best of my memory, what has pasBed since I came home is as follows :— Finding the roof bad, I sent slaters, at the peril of their necks, to repair it- They mended three holes, and made thirty them selves. I pulled down as many walls round the house as would have fortified a town. This was in sum mer ; but now that winter is come I would give all tbe money to pnt them up again that it coBt me to take them down. 1 thought it weuld give a magnificent air to the hall, to throw the passage into it. After it was done, I went out of town to see how it looked. It was night when I went into it ; the wind blew out the candle, from the over-size of the room ; upon which I ordered the partition to be built up again, that I might not die of cold in the midst of summer. I ordered i tbe old timber to he thinned; to which, perhaps, the love of lucre a little contributed. ' The workmen, for every tree they cut down, destroyed three, by letting ' them fall on each other. I received a momentary satisfaction from hearing that the carpenter I employed ' had cut off his thumb in felling a tree. But this plea sure was soon allayed, when, upon examining his measure, T found that he had measured false, and cheated me of 20 per cent. Remembering with a pleasing complacency the Watcombe pigs, I paid thirty shillings for a sow with pigs, and my wife starved them. They ran over to a madman, Lord ? who distrained them for damBge ; and the mother, with ten helpless infants, died of bad usage. Loving butter much, and cream more, I bought two Dutch cows, and had plenty of both. I made my wife a present of two more : she learned the way to market for their produce, and I have never got a bowl of cream since. I made a fine haystack, but quarrelled with my wife as to the manner of drying the hay and building the stack. The stack took fire, by which I had the double mortification of losing my hay, and finding my wife had more sense than myself. I kept no plough, for which I thank my Maker; because then I must have wrote this letter from a jail. I paid £20 for a dung hill, because I was told it was a good thing ; and now I would give anybody 20s. to tell me what to do with it. I buUt and Btocked a pigeon-heuBe ; but the cats watched below, and tbe hawks hovered above; the pigeon soup, roasted pigeon, or cold pigeon-pie, I have never seen since. I fell to drain a piece of low ground behind the house ; but I hit upon the tail of the rock, and drained the well of the houze, by which I can get no water for my victuals. I entered into a great pro ject for selling lime, upon a promise from one of my own farmers to give me land off his farm ; but when I went to take off my ground, he laughed, said he had choused the lawyer, and exposed me to a dozen law suits for breach of bargains which I could not perform. I fattened black cattle and sheep; hut could not agree with the butchers about the price. From mere eco nomy, we ate them ourselves, and almost killed all tbe family with surfeits. I brewed much beer ; but tbe small turned sour, and the servants drank all the strong. I found a ghost in the house, whoBe name was M'Alister, a pedler, that had been killed in one of the rooms at the top of the house two centuries ago. No servant would go an errand afier the sun was set, for fear of M'Alister, who obliged me to send off one set of my servants. Soon alter the housekeeper, your old friend Mrs. Browne, died, aged ninety; and then the belief ran that another ghost was in the house, upon which many of the new set of servants begged leave to quit the house, end got it. In one thing only I hove succeeded; I have quarrelled with all my neighbours ; so that, with a dozen gentlemen's seats in my view, I stalk along like a lion in a desert. I thought I should haye been happy with my tenants, 'because I could be insolent to them- without their being insolent to me : but they paid me no rent ; and in a tew da;B I shall have above one-half of the very few friends, I have in the country in a prison. Such being the pleesures of a country life, I intend to quit them all in about a month to submit to the mortifica tion of spending the spring in. London, where I am happy to hear that Mrs. Dalrymple is doing well. May God preserve her long to you, for Bhe iB a fine citature. Just when I was going lo you last Bpring, 1 received a letter from Bees that ehe was dying. I put tff ay journey to Watcombe, and almost killed n yself with posting to Scotland, where I found madam in pet feet good health.— Yours always, my dear Jack, John Dalrymple.' Filial Revenge. — In one of the many plots which were loimed egitinst the lile and government of Peter the Gr- at, there was among tne number of those seized, a soldier belonging to his own regiment of guards. Petit teing told by the officers that this man had alwe\6 behaved extremely well, had a curiosity to see him, and to learn from his own mouth what had been bis induct mint to he concerned in a plot against him. To this put pose he dressed himself in plain clothes, that he might not be known by the man, and went to the puson w here he was confined. After some conver sation; Peter added, I Bhould be glad to hear, friend, what were your reasons for being concerned in an attempt egainst the emperor, your master, as I am certain he sever did you any injury; on tbe contrary be has a regatd lor yt-u bb a brave soldier, and a man who always did bis duty in the field; if you were, therefore, to show the least remorse for what you have done, the en peror would, 1 am persuaded, forgive you ; but before 1 interest myself in your behalf) you must tell me by what motives you were induced to join the mutineers, and I say again, that tbe emperor, who ia naturally good and compassionate, will give you your pardon. 'I know nothing of the emperor, ' replied the soldier, ' for I never saw him hut at a dis tance ; but .he caused my father's head to be cut off, some time ago, for being concerned in a former rebel lion, and it ib the duty of a son to revenge the death of the lather, by the death of theperson who took away bis life. If, ihen, the emperor is really so good and tncrcilul as you have represented him, advise him for his own safety, not to pardon me, for were he to re store me to my liberty, the first use I should make of it would be to engage in some new attempt against his life ; nor should 1 ever rest until I had accomplished my design. The securest method, therefore, which he can take, will be te order my head to be Btruck off im mediately, without which his own life is in danger.' The Czar in vain used all the arguments he could think of, to ett before this desperado the folly and in justice of such sentiments. He still persisted in what be had decland, and Peter departed greatly chagrined at the bad success of his visit, and gave orders for the execution of this man with the rest of his accomplices. A Digeeseion. — The. celebrated Henderson, the actor, was si Idem known to be in a passion. When at Oxford, be was one day debating with a fellow student, who, not keeping his temper, threw a glass of wine in his face. Mr. Henderson took out his hand he rchief, wip- d bis lace, and coolly said, ' That, sir, was a digression : now for the argument.' Tre Cape Swallow. — Captain Carmichael, an active and intelligent observer, relates the following fact respecting the natural history of the swallow. Swallow s are birds of passage at the southern extremi ties of Africa, sb well as in Europe. They return to the Cape of Good Hope in the month of September, and quit it again in March or April. Captain Car michael happening to be stationed for some time at tbe eastern extremity of the colony, a pair of the hirundo Copemis, soon after their arrival, built their nest on the outside of the house wherein he lodged, fixing it against the angle formed by the wall, with the board v. hich supported the eaves. The whole of this nest was covered in, and it was furnished with a long neck erpasEage, through which the birds entered and came out. It resembled the longitudinal section of a Florence oil flask. This nest having fallen down after the your.g buds had quitted it, the same pair, as he is disposed to believe, built again on the old foun dation in the month of February following ; but he re markt d on this occasion an improvement in the con struction of it, w hich can hardly be referred to the dictates of mere instinct. In building the first, the birds were satisfied with a single opening, but this one was furnished with an opening on each side ; and on watching thc-ir motions, be ot served that they invariably entered at cne side, and went out at the ether. One object obtained by this improvement, was saving themselves the trouble of turning in the nest, and thus avoiding any derangement of itB interior economy. But the chitf object appeared to be to facilitate their escape from the attacks of serpents, which hatbour iu the roofs of thatched houses, or crawl up along the walls, and notunfrequently devour both the mother and her young. Clock of Heidelbebg.— In the tower of the town house of Heidelberg, in Germany, there was, of old, a clock so constructed, that when the hours struck, the figure of an old man pulled off his hat, a cock crowed and clapped its wings, soldiers fought with one another, &c.; ; but this curious piece of workman ship, with the castle and town, were burnt by the French in 1693. English Clockwoek.' — Some years ago, two clocks of great ingenuity, and elegant workmanship, were made in London, and presented by the East India Company to the Emperor of China. Each clock was in the form of a chariot, in which was placed, in a fine attitude, a lady leaning her right hand upon a part of the chariot ; and under it was the clock, of curious workmanship, little larger than a shilling, that struck and repeated the hours, and that would go eight days. Upon the finger of the lady sits a bird finely Modelled, and aet with diamonds and rubies, with its wings expanded in a flying posture ; and it actually flutters for a considerable time, on touching a diamond button below ft. The body of the hird, though it contains part of the wheels that give motion to iq is not more than one- sixteenth of an inch in size. The lady holds in her left hand a gold tube, not much thicker than a large pin, on the top of which is a small round box, to which a circular ornament, set with diamonds, not larger than a sixpence, is fixed, which goes round for nearly three hours, in a regular and constant motion. Over the lady's head, is a double umbrella, supported by a small fluted pillar, no larger than a quill. Under the largest umbrella, a hell is fixed, at a considerable distance from the clock, with which it seemB to have no connexion ; but, in reality, a communication is se cretly conveyed to a hammer, that regularly strikes the hour, and repeats the eame at pleasure, by touching a -diamond button fixed to the clock below. At the feet of the lady, is a gold dog ; before it, from the point of the chariot, are two birds, fixed on spiral springs, the wings and feathers of which are set with stones of various colourB, and appear as if flying away with the chariot, which, from another secret motion, is; contrived to run in a straight, circular, or indeed any other direction ; a boy that lays hold of the chariot behind, seems also to push it forward. Above the umbrella, are flowers and ornaments of precious stones, and it terminates with a flying dragon, ornamented in a similar manner. The whole is of gold, most deli cately executed, and embellished with rubies and pearls. Tebbobs of Conscience. — Christopher Juvenaldes TTrfiue, in a collection of pieces printed in 1601, gives twenty articles of a kind of j ournal which he bad made of the six last months of tne year 1572, and of the siege of Rochelle in 1573. The following is one of them. ' On August 30th, 1572, eight days after the massacre of St. Bartholomew, I supped at the Louvre at Mademoiselle de Fiesque's ; the heat had been in tense all the day ; we went and sat down in a small harbour by tbe river side, to enjoy the fresh air. On a sudden we heard in the air a horrible sound of tu multuous voices, and of groans mixed with cries of rage and fury ; we remained motionless, in the utmost consternation, looking on each other from' time to time, without being able to. speak. This continued, I believe, almost half-an-hour ; it is certain, the king heard it, that he was terrified by it, and that he could not sleep the remainder of the night ; that, neverthe less, he did not mention it the nex,t morning, but he was observed to look gloomy, pensive, and wild.' Mr. F. Foix remarks, that if any prodigy deserves credit, it is this being attested by Henry IV. ' ThiB prince,' sdys D'Aubigne, book i. chap. 6, page 661, 'frequently told, amongst his most intimate* friends (and many now living can witness), that he neTer mentioned it without still being terri6ed by it; that eight days after the massacre of St. Bartholomew, he saw a vast number of ravens perch and croak on the pavilion of the Louvre ; that the same night Charles IX., after he had been two hours in bed, started up, roused his grooms of the chamber, and sent them out to listen to a great noise of groans in the air, and among others, some furious and threatening voices, the whole resem bling what was heard on the night of the massacre ; that all these various crieB were so striking, so remaik able, and so articulate, that Charles IX., belieiing that the enemies of the Montmorencies and of their partisans had surprised end attacked them, sent a detachment of his guards to prevent this new massa cre,' It is scarcely necessary to add, that the int- 1- ligence brought from Paris proved these apprehensions to be groundless ; and that the noiseB heaid must have been the fanciful cieations of the guilty conscience of the king, countenanced by the vivid remembrance of these around him of (he honors of St. Bartholomew's day. 