NOTES, AND QPEKIEI To the Editorof /.hp. flppn'm In \- SiR,:==5Wierefis. tlio Royal C<W Where is public oiriuion, that iifi ghost raised . bythe " SlandcrteB to" be q'uict'.y laid ? Tho last of tK -"raimmstrators-f?) is now bcfoK t'tiont's", dealing frcpli slanders rijl yet, strange to say, the outragcoiu.1 mqdp by some of the first Minis!-, five months ago). have not been it; or cleared up in any way ! Ai nity endeavoring to carry out i ment, - in the midst of hostile c behoves us to see that the before charges are not allowed to sice are brought homo to either the ( the. charged. Lot us know, bv; whether mountains have been nil. hills, or. whether the statements' wicked;'. not' to say weak, invent! enemy ; or, further still, were th on the incoherent ravings ot to though wo are capable of tliinli selves, still, ns the charges hue the most' of in furnishing sfflto in some of the summaries, via C is only just tliafe their rofutnliw ination, should receive as prompt , lient a ; place. ' It is really! that' nieh, ' and especially ' should descend to tho mineral! blackening otlier. people's cliarni" that 'thereby ..their own may sh1 white by way of contrast. 1 tb reason for such conduct lies ink the Cabinet (individually or colls sesses 110 "special ability" if : guiding an intelligent commiwtf they endeavor to "show-up" ccssors in the hope of hoodwinU- lie and exciting sympathy, to ld a mere lioncst, if less able, Alto" bo urged tli oy are untried yet when opportunity offers, siiow tivo yiower of a high order. Ho ing from things seen to thing® 011 tliat score, is very faint in® tliom.have been. in Parliaments able period, most of them for®' is "there ohe amongst them, no-', ing tlio "gifted Aspinall," yvM- marie upon the legislative p-j colony I- trow not. A3 a only attempt at legislation w- oneof strangling the Land Bill j they wore powerless to retaru claim the credit of passing yvW to be popular. If thoy succcw- office during the ensuing s®.®', seen what amonnt of delraw will bring to boar on tho ali-n r tions which must be settled, our 'best men to the front, nerve and ability, to iiuallyse such' import ns education, - Who so lit to battle (for battle _ iii obtaining food for the mi# A manfully fought, despite the upon thom,- till their cflorts with suoeess in the passing «.„i„ r..„,i r«,. tlmlimlvV 1 resrmetfnlly, . 5th February. « SOtfTBH ''k Matthew Burnett, the gelist, is expected to turn J| the Talbot district early BCit j| 