THE SHADWKLLS OF RABY Chapter LVHL— Miss Mablyn talks with ueb Black Cat. .Mrs. Shadwell would gladly have got out of this unpleasant task, batons way or other it must be got through ; and it was better to dispatch it, than to let it continue to hang over till next morning. So she did see Miss Marlyn— who stood, though invited to sit. anil listened submisiirelv. in silence. during the few minutes occupied by the little con ference. A brighter glow for a moment flushed her rii--fll% on heiring that, for some reason, which His. Shadwell could not explain, which she upproached and vent away from, without touchiug, Miss Agues Marlyn, was not to accompany Kacliel to the vjcarag next day. At this point Agnes looked with a keen stem/ glance for a moment at the lady, who instinctively averted her eyes. Miss Marlyn, however, evinced absolutely no emotion, except in these very tiifling evidences. ' Anything morei' asked Miss Marlyn in her lowest tone, and with the faintest light of a sad smile. ' No -nothing,' said Mrs. Shadwell, who was embar rassed in the presence of the young laJy who stood before her, smiling, patient, auil so gracefully sub missive, that hor heart smote her, and she almost wished that Agnes Marlyn had been angry and violent. It was a relief, however, that this little uupleasant egbs was over, and without giving paio, or exciting an angry thought. But was this so ? Miss Marlyn ran down stairs lightly to the iirawiug room, where she had left Rachel in the middle of a 'Well, Pucelle, what was it?' she asked. '? Nothing, dear, only that I'm not to go with you to-inorrow to the vicarage.' said Miss Marlyn, quietly, sitting down beside her, and sinking a chord. ' And why aren't you coiuiug?' ' I don't know, and I don't care— I forget where we stopped; here, I think.' 'Wait, Pucelle — don't mind that tiresome duet— and tell me. are vou reallv n»t coining ?' 'Oh, my dear, don't you know I'm not coming?' said Miss Marlyn, with a smile a little sarcastic and incredulous. 'No— I had not an idea thai anything ccild happen to prevent it ; and I entrent that you won't suppose anythine so treacherous as my hiding it, if I had known, from you,' ' Did I fancy any such thing ! Why should I, dear ? What an odd, fanciful, huffy little creature it is ! But, really, it is not worth talking about. I should not care to sojourn in that wearisome little place, and be so be-Bonnied as I was when we last drank tea there ; nothing but its comicality makes it endurable, and the fun of the beat joke wears out, you know, by repeti tion ; and, in fact, nothing but the hope of some little use as a daisy-picker, could have prevented its being absolutely insufferable. I can't admire even the scenery there. I think it the only interesting spot in the country. To be sure there is nn object that doss make the landscape interesting— I mean Mr. Charles Mordaunt, doesn't he?' and she laughed, and pUyed half a dozen bars, and added : ' What a beautiful blush, my dear. I wish he wero here to see it.' 'Pucellc, yoa talk like a fool .'' '' And I such a rogue ?' ' No— but I mean to say, that I can't conceive any . girl caring the,' least for any man who has not first shown that he likes her better than any one else.' ' And doesn't he show it? Come, I never ask any one to confess anything in this hypocritical world, but you know he does; and you know you like him — and now let us play this other overture.' And she began to play bo brilliantly and loud, all the time saying : 'No— no— I won't hoar ; I'll listen to notbingbut music ;' that Rachel, half provoked, though she could not help laughing, did sit down and play the treble. 'You're not vexed, Pucelle; but lam— very much disappointed— and I shan't half enjoy my visit with out you. Are you vexed, Pucelle ?' 'I'm never vexed, dear — I'm not even curious— for I know perfectly how this little change of plan came about,' said Agnes Mavlyn, leaning back in her chair, and locking listlessly upward. ' No, dear, it is too long a story ; I'll tell it tonight to my little black cat, who sits on the end of my pillow, and hears my complaint whenever I have one to make, and sometimes gives me a tiny bit of advice.' This black cat of Miss Marlyn's — allusion to which in moods of sinister playfulness was not unfrequent — it is right to observe, had no material existence, and wan altogether an imaginary oonfidant. 'I hate that black eat, Pucelle; I wish you'd make it jump out of the window ; I don't think it likes us, and I'm afraid of it,' Miss Marlyn laughed gently with a sidelong glance along the carpet, and the glittering edges of her even teeth appeared with a pretty suggestion of malice that made her for a moment appear like a stranger to BacheL ' Part with my dear little black cat with the yellow eyes, and sage counsel, and patient ears ! Ah ! no. It is such a little wise-acre, and so sharp, and has heard all my secrets, and is so very old a friend, and only the size of my hand, and never comes except when people use me ill ; and then it comes crouching and clawing along my pillow to my car, rubbing its little whiskers to the Bheet, and tumbling so playfully, growling like a dear little tiger, or hissing like a tiny pet snake You can't imagine such a darling ; when I was at school, where old La Chouctte used to knock me about as she pleased, even before that, when I was beaten and half-starved at home, from that time it was my solitary confidant — my own dear, little black rogue — who listened to my poor little whimperings, and — taught me tricks.' Except in this little enigmatical Bpecch, Miss Agnes Marlyn evinced no sense of wrong ; and when the hour of rest arrived, she kissed Rachel at her door, and went to her room. She had not to pass Sir Koke's door, but she could see it as she went round the coper of the gallery swiftly, and glanced hastily at it over her shoulder us she quickened her pace. She was not afraid of ghosts as most young people arc. I suppose on occasion, however, , she was capable of that kind of fear : but whatever may have been the tricks or menaces of her imagination when she saw that door after dark, I am sure ehe hated the sight of it. Hurriedly she shut and locked her door. Her heart was full of bitterness : but she did not burst into tears, as young ladies under a sense of wrong usually do in the seclusion of their rooms. Perhaps the tenderness of early parental love, and the habit of being pitied, are needed to induce that relief, and Agnes Marlyn had no home affections to look back to, and had never en joyed the luxury of being pitied. And so her training had steeled her against the DC ce&sities; of sympathy, and the habit even of pitying herself. Mis! Marlyn Sat for a moment before her glass, thinking and looking all the time at her reflected features. She liked looking at herself in the glass ; and she knew she was beautiful ; and she could do that and think also. Her beauty was her power, and the vivid consciousness of this inspired her thoughts, and quick ened hct (tense of insult. She had sat longer than she thought, and was a little chilly when she stood up to undress. Having gathered tap her magnificent hair, her graceful limbs wero quickly laid in her bed. She did not put out her candle ; she liked thinking in this kind of light with her small hand under her cheek. Her heart was full. An intense, cold anger was struggling in it, and yearned for some expression in act. She was turning over all sorts of things in herinind— talking, as her phrase was, with hor little black cat. They had along confidence, and it was late when she nut out her candle. Miss Marlyn was a clever person, and made llieories, and often saw farther into millstones than other people. She fancied a change of manners toward her when Miss Barbara had come down that day from her talk with Mrs. Shadwell. Who had brought about that change ? and now she was in consequence forbidden to go to the vicarage. Insult upon intuit ! Cowardly outrage ! Very well. She was not a person to be atricken down with the blow of a fan, end walked over. She would talk for a little time with her little black cat, and see what was to be done. Next morning Miss Marlyn came down serene and beautiful, in good spirits even, for she had quite made up her mind, and saw her way a little in advance, distinctly. Up to last night, whatever Bhe might say or write, she hail been in a great indecision. A grain of passion had determined the equilibrium, and Mies Marlyn's future, for some chapters to come, was now distinctly written in those tablets of her little brain that retained inscriptions like adamant. At the appointed hour away went Rachel, Agnes Marlyn standing on the steps, and smiling her farewell. When the sound of tbe wheels grew faint in [the distance she was still smiling .though looking down musingly at her little foot, which, on tbe smooth Caen stone, was beating time, as it were, to the gentle mea sure of her pleasant thoughts. Then, awakening from them, she looked up at the clear autumnal sky, and abroad over the fair landscape. It was the sun of AuBtcrlitz, the augury of conquest, and Bhe ran in and amused herself with jubilant music, and some spirited marches on the old piano. Miss Marlyn read her novel, and took her walk, and sang songs to the jingle of the old instrument, which was abandoned to the wear and tear pf practising ; and at the usual hour she repaired to Mrs. Shadn-clTs room, and was particularly gentle and subjpiissive, and, some how, engaging. She offered to read to Mrs. Shadwell, who was beginning to relent ; won, insensibly, by her melancholy little attentions. Mrs. SludweU, however, had a long interview pending with old Wyndle, but fearing that a mere refusal would appear ungracious, she asked Miss Marlyn to come to her for half an hour, by-and-by, and read a little then, if she still felt dis posed. Miss Marlyn pathetically taanked her, and entreated that Mrs. Shadwell would think of some-way of making her useful during the very brief stay that remained to her at Baby. The eveningcloaed over that gloomy household, and darkneu succeeded ; and Mrs. Shadwell, looking to the little clock over her chimney-piece, saw that it was half -past seven, and remembered Miss Mariyn's XDMUM. ?? Just then, the door opened roughly, and her husband enured. He looked pale and angry, and came over silently to the little table, which was placed beside her, and sat down at it. Then, suddenly, he said — 'What has become of Rachel?' 'She went to Jay— I thought you knew— to the Temples, to pay a little visit,' she replied, ' Well, she has returned by this time, I suppose?' 'No ; she was not to return till to-morrow, or, per haps, next day.' ' Upon my soul, that's being rather cool !' Mrs. Shadwell looked rather frightened at his angry face. ' I hope I karen't done wrong, Mark,' she began. ' You have sent Misa Marlyn with her, of course?' ' No ; Miss Marlyn is here.' ' Oh ! aud wasn't she asked?' ' Ye«, dear Mark, at first, but that was changed afterward.' 'Changed, was it? So she has gone off without her governess,' he said. ''But her governess couldn't be of the least use to her there ; and you know you said you thought Miss Marlyn was unnecessary; and she's going away,' ?leaded she. lie stared at her very angrily, the more so that he was a little puzzled by her very obvious rejoinder. ' Upon my honor ! you're growing quite a debater ; that's a vastly clever answer, only it don't quite demon strate the wisdom of sending Kachel off alone among such a set of inulfs, to meet that d ? d fellow, Mor daunt ; and I don't see what business you had to send my daughter away on such a visit without acquainting me with it.' 'But, Mark, dear, don't you remember that you told mo that I might always send Rachel there without troubling you about it?' '? I say, having asked Miss Marlyn, as the proper person to accompany her, it was insufferably imperti nent withdrawing that invitation ; it strikes me, if she is cood enough company for you and Rachel, that Mr. Roger Temple, and Charles Mordauut, and old Bliss Barbara might venture to sit in tbe same room with her. Have you heard anything against her ? I should be glad to know the pretext on which we are to be treated with that kind of insult. And recollect the effect such a snub, from such a quarter, must have upon the position ef that young lady, in whom you professed such an interest, aud whom, I think, we are bound to protect, not only from common wants and dangers, while she stays here, but from damned impertinence and slander.' He thundered the last words, actually pale with anger. ' But, Mark, dear,' she faltered, ' there has not been a word said.' 'Yes, that's the odious cowardice of the thing, don't you Bee ; there's always a risk of being exposed and punished if one does say lies of people; and don't you perceive that the work is just as effectually done, and far more, safely, hy lotting the world know that the vicar and his family won't let a given young Jady into their house, and decline to sit in the room with her. Do you think it fair to Miss Marlyn that we should allow that ? I don't, I can tell you, and I'll write to give them mv opinion of it, and Kachel shall come home to-night. And with these ominous words he rose, lowering, and stalked from the room, shutting the door, with more emphasis than beseemed the cliambp of an invalid. There aro two doors to Mrs. Shadwell's morning room: one through which Mark had come and gone, opening on the great gallery ; the other from a small anteroom, which communicates with a back gallery. As Mrs. Shad well sat there stunned and frightened, this latter door opened, and Miss Marlyn, with a book in hor hand, entered. Mrs. Shadwell was in tears. Miss Marlyn's smile vanished— she stood still. ' Pray, come here, Miss Marlyn, and sit down,' sobbed Mrs. Shadwell, vehemently, forgetting the coldness aud reserve of the last week, in her agitation. 'Now, I ask you, Miss Marlyn, have I slandered you —have I? Have I ever slandered you, or permitted any one to slander you ?' ' Oh, dear Mrs. Sbadwell ! I could not imagine such a thing !' exclaimed that beautiful young lady, much shocked apparently. 'Slander me — slander anyone ! Utterly impossible!' ' Mr. Shadwell has been here, so amazed about that little visit to the Temples, and your not having gone with Rachel.' ' Oh, dear Mrs. Shadwell ! How very provoking ; you have no idea how much I prefer being here, and you know I should only have been in the way there, and I should not have liked it at all ; and I know they have not much room, for Mr. Mordaunt is staying there.' ' And Mr. Shadwell is so vexed, and he is going to write, and to send for Rachel to-night ; and so, I sup pose, we shall lose the only friends that are left to us.' 'But if you were to ask Mr. Shadwell not to write, surdy ho would not.' , ' Mr. Shadwell is very kind, so kind, you have no idea ; but he is very firm, and when ho thinks a thing right to be done, nothing ever moves him, he always does it, and I am very sorry — ' And Mrs. Shadwell broke down again, and when she looked up Miss Marlyn was gone. In less than ten minutes' more Agnes Marljn returned flushed, radiant, and so beautiful ! She had prevailed with Mr. Shadwell, the letter would not be written, nor Rachel sent for, nor the arrangement with the Temples disturbed. It was running so rapidly up the stairs that made the rise and fall of her dress show her quickened breathing, and that called that brilliant colour to her cheeks which soemod to give a fiery softness to her eyes. Her words and tones were very humble ; those eyes were cast down. There was the modest -gratification of haying done her benefactress a little service ; a very timid pleasure, and an indescribable pleading sadness in her tones aud attitude. And along with all this — imper- ceptible by all but that marvellous organ, the eye of a wife — was there not the baleful light of an insufferable triumph. Ten million-fold rather at that moment would poor Amy have accepted all the vexation that threatened than been so rescued. She recognizedh the extraordi nary beauty of that girL She felt, with a deep seated agony, how facile had been her influence where she, even in better days, had failed to persuade. Like other foolish wives she* worshioned tbe beautv and fascinations of a husband whom other people saw as he was, and she thought him irresistible. In black moutn I, All fears scorn I. Love hath forlorn me, Living in thrall. Heart Is bleeding, All help needing, Oh, cruel speeding ! Fraughted with gall. With a heart wounded and resentful she yet con trived to smile and thauk her. She praised her read ing the meaning of which never reached her wandering thoughts, and heard the cadences of that sweat roice that stirred her heart with the anguish of jealousy. When Agnes Marlyn bad bade her good-night, and departed, she looked in the glass with a pang, her retina still glowing with the radiant beauty that had just left the room. There met her the plaintive, faded little face, whose glory was over, and the large eyes still beautiful, and to which, as she looked, the tears sprang. 'Amy, Amy!' she murmured, slowly and sadly, with a mournful little shake other head. All at once the change of years came up before her— the flight of her power—its irrecoverable loss— and the wild uncertainty of future times; Cii.ilTEB LIX.— Carmel SRU&tXss.; in His New Abode. That evening, so unhappy at &aby;, was passing very pleasantly for Kachel at the vioaragc. BarbaraTemplehadmade,'«sshe supposed, two people very happy. But, ulas .'—there were two others. Poor Roger was now, six oVlack, p. m., expected momen tarily, and disappointment awaited him. Hiss' Barbara grew silent and nervous as the hour approached, and w)fju Roger's fly drew up at the door, she actually grew pale, as she ran out to the hall to meet him. 'Oh! Bonuic, darling, I'm so glad, and you're look ing so beautiftu — such a colour.' ' Now, 'Bcbie, you rogue, you're at your old tricks — trying .to icakeiue conceited,1' panted Bonnie, with a laugh of fond gratification. ' But I do sny, Jiomiio, your colour is just what it was wfcim you wero nine years old — quite beautiful !' repeated Babic, in a rapture, and still out of breath from the hug she had bestowed on him. 'I'm glad I'm looking so young— -or— so well, I moan,' said Ro^er, in an uuder tone, smiling delighted. . ' It's just the little breeze — the air ; and— hadn't I 'better run up aud get off these things '!' he added ; and she knew, by the wandering of his honest little blue eyes toward the drawing-room door, whom he was thinking of, aud with a pang she suddenly recollected. 'Oh! Bonnie, dear! 1 forgot— how shall I tell you?' she exclaimed, suddenly looking in his face quite woe-begone. ' Good gracious ! She isn't ill— is she ?' lie exclaimed. 'Oh ! no— not ill ; butane's not here,' said Babie, looking in his face as if she expected him to burst into tears. ' Oh ! and they haven't come, after all T' murmured Bonnie, in a dismal tone of disappointment. ' Only Rachel dear ; Mrs. Shadwell couldn't conic and Miss Marlyn remained with her at Ruby,' said Babie, with a little indirectness. She saw that Bonnie was in despair, though his faded smile rested on his face. ' Well, Ba.hie ; another time,' lie said, witb a dismal ' Oh? yes— let us hope — let us hope !' exclaimed kind Barbara, evasively. Honest Roger made a tedious toilet, and sat long over his fire. When he entered the pleasant old fashioned little drawing-room, his brother Stour had come in, and Doctor Sprigge, who was of their little dinner party, and he and the vicar were chatting with Miss Barbara quite cozily by the fire. With that affinity which acts so irresistibly, Roger's eye, instantly found Rachel, associated as she was -with the absent Agnes Marlyn, and he drew near and greeted pretty Miss Shadwell, and turned away, with a melancholy yearnini;, to shake hands with the doctor and the. vicar; and then to take Barbara's hand and pat it; and look sadly into her eyes ; and, with a little sigh, he told her how very cold the wind was over Hig more Heath this evening. ' Ay, that's the place to catch it,' said the doctor, overhearing him. ' That moor's worth fifty pounds a year to me in bronchitis and things of that kind. Any thing of an east wind comes down through the break in the mountains — like a funnel — and sweeps Higmore. I never felt anything like it. You're all right here?' And the Doctor touched Hoger's ample chest with a privileged poke with tbe top of his finger. 'All right there V repeated Roger, whose atten tion had been wandeiing. ' Ah ! ah !— you rogue !' he murmured, with a sad smile and a shake of the head which the doctor did not understand. ' Roger,' said Miss Barbara, getting up hastily, ' I forzot to show vou — come to the window— r on must do something to the poor Persian lilac ; the best branch was broken last night in the storm. See, Bonnie— isn't it a pity?' Bonnie gazed. 'Yes, indeed; so it is,' he answered, and a sigh followei ' Why do you look so sad Bonnie darling ?' she whispered. 'Sad? No, I was only thinking what a lucky fellow that Charlie Mordaunt is !' '' Yes, Bonnie, dear, but other people will be lucky too— and happy ; all that's wanted is just a little patience,' ' Do you think— do yoa think she'll como to morrow ?' whispered Roger, holding Barbara's hand. ' ' I can't say dear. I'm afraid not. ' ' She wasn't ill— you're sure?' ' Oh no ! quite well — and she seemed quite delighted at the idea of coining— I assure you ehe did. Shelooked so — so beautiful and. pleased.' ' Did she— did she, really ? Babie, you're a. darling, you always see every thing. 'And, I'm sure, she was much more disappointed than you are. I'm certain she's looking out from the window over Wynderfeld Wood, in this directioa, at this moment. I can picture her to myself — looking and sighing,' said romantic Barbara 'Ah! I'm afraid not, Babio, dear. No-no! I dare say she does not care— she doesn't care much, at least. Do you really think she does ?' sighed Roger, and pressed her hand again. And Babic patted the back of his sunburnt paw with tender compassion, and a great misgiving at her heart, -which she dared not tell Mm. And Babie would have gone on romancing, and Roger listening to her delightful dreams, heaven knows for how long, had not the maid just at that moment popped in at the door, to tell them that din ner was ready ; so, with another great sigh, and a grateful pressure of Babie's hand, Roger in haste took his place aud followed in the wake of more important people, beside Charles Mordaunt, whom, as they went lie pat Led gently on the shoulder, saying — 'Glad to see you again, old fellow !' For all but my good friend &oger;, that quiet evening glided very pleasantly into the past. There was talk ing—old recollections and now stories. There was the merry, and sometimes plaintive jingle of the old piano. There were songs, and one duet, which Misa Barbara encored— remarking, in a pleased aside to Stour, how charmingly their voices went together, so Rachel and Mordaunt sang it over again, and wore mucli applauded, even by Koger, who remembered Miss Marlyn's voice in that duet, besides the same piano, and who for her sake sighed also an encore. (to he continued.) 