LIGHTING AND POLICE. ' -?-- ss TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir-As the new year is quickly approaching will you permit me, through the columns of your influential journal, to offer a few remarks in reference to our civic management of affairs The City Council have ere now, at the commencement of a new year, in some respects re- modelled their arrangements, and especially as regards the lighting of the city, and I believe also as to the distribution of the police. Assuming that they will do this on the present occasion, I would call the attention of the Lighting Committee to the irregular manner in which the gas lamps are placed throughout the city. In some parts there are three or four close together, while in others they are " few and far between ;" and in some localities where the inhabitants are rated for lighting, there is not the ghost of a lamp to be seen. This is not fair to the ratepayers, and ought to be amended. Then, again, with respect to the police, it is patent to all of us that the present force is totally inadequate to the proper protection of life and property. We pay a good deal for the police, and we ought to have something in the shape of a quid pro quo ; but we have next to nothing. If a woman is being half murdered in the street, or a man " stuck up" and robbed, you may shoot a long time for a constable before one appears on the scene and be with house robberies, they may be perpetrated without much danger of interference by a policeman. This is not a pleasant state of things, and the citizens look for a thorough reformation. I perceive by your last report of the proceedings of the City Council that the new committees have been appointed for next year, and upon them, in a great measure, the working of the various departments will devolve. I call, therefore, upon the Police and Lighting Committees to exert themselves for the welfare of the citizens by whom they have been elected to represent them in the Council. I am quite aware that the necessity of economy is a clog upon the Council, and that the debt of the Town Hall presses like an incubus upon them. Still, I think something more might be done for us, and that life and property might be more securely protected than it is at present. Yours, fee., A CITIZEN. Hobart Town, " J 17th December, 1876. 