LITTLE DAVY: THE MINISTER'S LADDIE. The minister of s, one of the best livings, in point of childers, in the synod of Dumblane, was one autumn evening, towards the close of the last century, riding leisurely along by the foot of the green Ochils, homeward bound from a presbytery dinner at Stirling, but diverging something from his course to pass a day or two with a landed proprietor, the friend of his patron, and former pupil. This gentleman had lately married the sister of our minister's pupil, and had just settled on his estate in this part of the country. Whether the reverend divine merely wished to pay his respects to the lady, whom he had not seen since her childhood, of- to ascertain the precise state of the " cough and defluxion," which had threatened nil Sprang to carry off the aged incumbent of the parish, in which the munRO and glebe were some £15 per annum better than his own? and whether his sitting down cold still hung about the incumbent for if these causes all combined produced the actuating motive which led him so far out of his course it is not to sell; certain only this that as night began to full, coming to a point where the road divided, he found it prudent to question the elder of two boys, who were slowly driving the cows they horded homeward, down a green loaning. " Can you direct me, my man, the road to T?? ?" said our divine; and with more frankness and better brooding than is usual in his age and calling, the older boy gave copious directions. " I bore been there a hundred times," said he, " going to Monstrio Fair. Do you see the Fir Park vendor the park where the cushat's nest is Wool, you'll just laid down a blow that, and pass the bour trees, and next Brownie's well, and then you come to the stop ping stanes. But maybe you would like to take the Now Brig? That's the way little Pale and I went to gather feddans yesternight?muybo you would like some ?" And bore the boy hastily und hospitably produced the delicacy, which, however our divine in his days of holding might have relished, had no attractions to u Seventeen years' thriving incumbent, who had now for twice seventeen years " sat at good man's feast." But he remembered having very lately heard Colonel Thornton, no mean authority, recommend a conserve of rowan oh a better condi- ment with either mutton or venison than the Cocknoy's current jolly, usually employed for the same boats ; and he accordingly stuffed the gift into his pockets meditating an experiment. " You're a good boy, Davy's it Duvy they call you? I think I know my way now. But where's your bonnet? and a minister speaking to you?" For, though humble in his own person, our divine liked to support the dignity of the kirk. " Where's my bonnet!" quoth Davy, rubbing his eyes as the minister rode off. " He must be blind, or he would have seen my bonnet, just where it should be, on my own head. If he could not see it he'll never see the hour trees, and the stepping-stones, and the road to T-. Tent Hawkey, Pato, and I'll run after the gentleman, and set him right." The minister was to- night in a very gracious humor, and when Davy, out of breath, overtook him, and explained his purpose of becoming his guide, with his reasons, the clergyman smiled at the simplicity of the boy, and now carefully informed him that Berries of the mountain ash, by saying " Where's your bonnet ?" he meant Where is your bow which he instructed Davy should always be promptly ready for his superiors and especially for ministers. " Thank you, sir," said Davy, now taking off his bonnet; " neither the Solomon nor the gude wife over sash with that; and our minister is a Secedor, and only larges us on the Carritch. And I have nobody to learn mo manners now, since the Almighty took my poor mother. She would ayo Bay to me, Be a civil, obliging laddie, David, and everybody will like you ; and no fear but you got a good master. I kept I should take' ad' my bonnet to the land, and the minister, but after this I will take it off to nil gentlemen when I ken them, and Ladies too ; I yo ken them by their hauling up their gourds and green on their toes; thank you, sir, for bidding me" "And what's your name, my little man?" " Davy, air ; just Day." That I know already, but what besides ? what was your father called ?" " My father is dead too? he was dead before Power, that is my little brother, was born the Ludeman, the gude wife, and all the men and lasses just call me Dory, at your service; and so does the minister." Our divine bestowed a penny on his guide, and in the course of the next forenoon he related his adventure to his young hostess, who had a kind and generous heart. "The little boys with broad blue bonnets, holding two black and white cows, she said, she had seen the boys frequently in her walks; their mother, who was one of the best poor women in the country side, had formerly been laundress in the family of which she was now the mistress, and it was one of her husband's tenants who, at her request, gave employment and shelter to the orphans. Our minister revolved on a generous net. He needed an intelligent boy about the age of Mary, who could down knives, brush shoes, rub down and wanted the pony, and go an errand occasionally to Dunfermline or Allon when letters were looked for, or wheaten bread or fresh meat required. "It will be an act of great charity," said the lady, delighted to get Davy into such a comfortable home; and she sent for him immediately, and introduced him to the minister. "I know him very well already," said Dnvy; " it is the gentlemen Unit asked, ' Where's your bonnet ?" Davy's bonnet was in his hand now. " And you will be pleased to go home with him, and do what he bids you till you are strong and big enough for other work?" "Surely!" cried Davy ; " if he send me to school, like the glide man, and let me see little Peter on the Satur- day." " Certainly, my little man ; Girzy and myself will give you a lesson every day in the Bible and your catechism." Davy longed for the happy day which was to take him to the manse, fifteen miles off, and make him the " minister's little man ;" but this did not place him in Goshen. Little dredges about a kitchen or stable, " the servants of ser- vants," are seldom the most fortunate of children. The minister was naturally of a selfish and harsh torpor, which long waiting for a kirk, and celibacy, had not softened; and Girzy was only like too many of the ancient housekeepers of old bachelors. That poor Davy could either food or reflect more than the three-foot stool on which he sat cleaning knives, never seemed to enter their minds; for they cuffed and kicked him about as readily as that piece of furniture. He was, among his many employments, sent to weed the garden; and if he drew a now-sprung plant in place of a wood, though it was next to impossible for him to know the difference, a thrashing was his sure reward. When sent an errand in the worst weather, wind and rain and bad roads, if he stayed a few minutes beyond the Hmo which Girzy and the minister fixed for his return by the cuckoo cock, or the watch, " he is diverting himself with his blackguard companions," Girzy would cry maliciously and a shop in the face would welcome his return, while the minister considered it his duty to chastise him with the horsewhip. The minister had no roasting jack in his kitchen, and one of Davy's most frequent jobs was to turn on the spot most of which he was never to have a nearer knowledge than by small. Nothing inside his master more angry than he must not being nicely done A good beating was always promised for this offence, of often falsely imputed negligence; and the minister never forfeited his word. If Davy was promised half-a-dozen lashes he was generally paid with a round dozen ; and, in short, no minister's little man had ever been so wretched as poor Duvy. It happened one Saturday that the lady who recommended the orphan to his service, sent the minister a present of a sucking pig, a favorite morsel with him, and informed him at the same time that an old friend of theirs was to come to sermon at his church next day, and would after wards take pot luck with him. His chops watered at sight of the pig, for heaving naturally gluttonous, and, by long habit, good ealing was become his favorite solitary enjoyment he would have gone a day's journey at any time for a bit of the stuffing, and the nice crisp skin, well dusted with a faggot of Huge, dipped in butter, suit, and water. The church was utmost adjoining the manse j and Girzy, having made every preparation for the dinner, put the pig to the fire, believing Dnvy had now experience enough to turn the spit and baste the roast by himself, without her superintendence She was just gone when the servant who attended his guest brought the minister two small bodies from the same lady who had sent the pig. He had only time to place them on the kitchen window shelf, as the bell for church was just ringing in. He cnBt u last anxious look on the pig, which was now making slow revolutions round and round, under the steady guiding hand of Duvy, and already beginning to exhale a savory odour. " It will just be ready when the sermon is over," thought the mind tor, and he said aloud, "If you must it well I will not forget it to you ; but, if you dare to burn it you had as good be sleeping ; I'll certainly Hog you." Duvy, who had never known his master fail in fulfilling his threats of punishment, promised to be careful to keep up the fire, and to bustle diligently ; and, thanks to the sage and onions, and Girzy's odoriferous stuffing, a most tempting flavor to a hungry boy was soon spread through the kitchen from the pig, which became ub golden brown is a chestnut. He could no longer resist. Ho hastily seized a knife, and cut off a morsel of crisp skin, which tasted so deliciously, that he returned to the charge, again and again, in a kind of frenzy of appetite, till the whole crackling was de- voured ! and the rain attempt to conceal the fraud, he had recourse to a degree, of Girzy's, which ended in the skinless pig being scorched block in many places. " What shall I do t what shall I do! cried Davy; "the minister will kill me and I deserve it." And for the first time Davy felt that he had merited the punishment, which he often received for no fault at all. In this extremity Davy turned his eyes on the two small bottles standing in the window, which, as was mentioned, in his hurry the minister had left there, hastily charging the boy, for his life, not to touch them, as they contained poison. Dnvy had hitherto not thought of this injunc- tion, but now it darted on his mind? "As good be poisoned or killed with the horsewhip," he cried and abandoning the pig to burn to a cinder at its leisure, he eagerly swallowed the contents of one of the bottles at a draught. It was marked Maraschino, which Davy took for granted was as well as the Curacoa written on the label of the other, some potent, deadly person He now sat down on his little stool to the " I will soon die," thought Davy; " and when the minister and Girzy come from the kirk I will be lying there dead, and he won't kick me then." But death approached very slowly. Davy heard the clock strike 3, and knew the minister would return in a few minutes more, in a frenzy of despair he rushed upon the other bottle, and despatched it also; and now he was sure death could not be far off. In the mean time, in waiting its arrival, Davy fell into a deep sleep, and sunk on the kitchen floor. It was Girzy who entered first, as the minister had to put off his gown. The bad smell of the burnt pig met her outside the door. " Come here, minister, and see your bonny Davy," cried the malicious judo; and the minister entered in a fury. " Where is my whip ? where is my whip ? rascal, I will kill you!" cried he Davy roused himself of this threat. He crawled to the feet of the minister, who had returned with the lash, and cried for mercy, though he was hardly able to articulate, for the poison had now begun to operate Davy exhibited every symptom of a drunken man a boy can show, except a drunken man's gaiety. "Do not kill me, minister," he cried. " There's no need ; I have swallowed the two little bottles of poison you left in the window. I must 80011 die now." imagine the rage of the minister when, turning to the window, he saw the two liquor bottles empty! He brought the lilah several times about the boy's shoulders; but, perceiving that he was nearly dead drunk, he delayed his punishment till next day, and ordered Girzy to throw the young vagabond on his bed in the stable, resolving that Davy should get his dues with interest. The sight of the empty place on the table, which the sucking pig should have oc- cupied one of the finest, fat, delicate sucking pigs he had ever soon? did not soften the minister's resentment. The pig run in his head all day and all night. In the afternoon, Davy awoke not yet dead ! His headache was indeed put her better, and he was perishing of hunger, having tasted nothing save the pilfered crackling from breakfast time on Sunday. But he durst not venture into the house to ask for food. He thought of running to sen, which he had heard of boys doing? of going to a cotton mill, and of a coal pit. For a soldier he was far too little Happily he wanted courage for any of these exploits; and he finally resolved to run back to the gardener's. " I do not know the way," thought Dnvy; " but the Lord will guide me Pluto is not so well off as mother minister's little man but Pluto is not scolded and cuffed by Girzy, and thrashed by the minister every day, whether he be a good boy or a bad boy, all the same. Yes, when night comes, I will hold the stable door and creep out by the left window. I will ask the road first to Tillicoultry ; I have a glide Scotch tongue in my head, as the gentleman used to say. If I once got to Tillicoultry, I'll soon find the road to the gardener's." With such thoughts for his companions, Dnvy marched the whole of the long, dark night; but, luckily, as his sensible mother had never told him of fairies, nor let him hear of ghosts, he had no fear of them. And now an unexpected stroke of good fortune awaited him, for nt day-dawn he joyfully behold the farm of which he was in search, and which he well knew, though he was a stranger to the road to it. " The gude wife will give me my breakfast," cried he; " and thou I'll get a good sleep in Pato's bed. Oh, but I am tired!" No one was yet stirring about the farmhouse, and as Dury sat musing on the stile, till the ha' door would open, his heart began to fail. " They'll be angry with me. Oh, I wish I had stayed and boon thrashed or killed. But I must tell what I did? that I ate the pig's skin, and then let it burn, and then poisoned myself. That was a great sin. The gude wife will be angry. Thou gardening will, maybe, thrash me? but I deserve that; I dinna ken what to do. Lord have mercy upon me!" And Dnvy again said the Lord's Prayer, and repeated every psalm who know. The door was now opened, and he crept to a corner of the porch, but feared to enter, or let himself be seen. It was the gude wife herself saw him first, as she went out to the byre to milk the cows. " Is it you, Davy ? where have you been all night, my man ? What for have you left the manse, bairn?" " I durst not stay in the motion," sobbed Duvy; " the minister was going to kill me." "What do you mean, my bairn?" cried the compnsstonntogudo- wife j " told me Dnvy all has happened ye." And Davy told his whole story, most ingenuously, and with the strictest observance of truth, for he had not been long enough under the cruel discipline of Girzy and the minister to have acquired the slave's vice of lying, and concealing a Binull fault by committing a greater. The gude wife laughed in her sleeve when Davy described his unfortunate imitation of Girzy's trick of making fresh skin to in coast; but when he gravely informed her that he had swallowed two bottles of poison under dread of the lash, the honest woman shrieked out, and her maid, half dressed, and her husband came running to her help. " The poor burn Duvy," she cried, " he is poisoned, gudman; for fear of being lashed on Sabbath Inst, for spoiling the minister's roast pig, he has swallowed as much poison as would kill a horse" " Lord be about us !" cried the maid. The gude man had a shrewd guess what the minister's bottled of poison, that had thrown Duvy into so long a sleep, might be. He bade his wife compose herself. " You'll no died this time, Duvy, my man ; but you must take better care how you swallow poison again. Mary must give you some breakfast, and then you must go to bed." Duvy did not require two invitations to breakfast,- and the gentleman and the gude wife consulted about what was to be done with him. They had had children of their own, and did not like to hear of punishment, the terror of which drove little orphan boys to poison themselves, and run off from their homes. The gude- men sat down and wrote to the minister, to inquire, in the first place, into the truth of this extraordinary story, and how, in so short a period, Davy's character and conduct had changed so for for the worse that it was necessary to punish him so harshly every day. The minister, whom conscience upbraided for severity to the poor little orphan lad, was, of the same time exceedingly offended that the culprit had not been sent back to his tender mercies. Girzy was accordingly ordered to make up the few goods and chattles of our Binull hero into a bundle, which was sent to the Ludeman, with a note, saying, "The minister hoped never to see the ungrateful little rascal's face again." " You never shall," said the angry gudman. Good fortune often springs from the darkest sources. Davy's poisoning and thrashings were the beginning of his. The lady who had sent him to the intense now put him to school, where in two years he was able to assist the muster. From thence he went to Edinburgh, and to the office of the agent of his patroness, where he made such good use of his time and talents, that in ten years afterwards he was a partner in the business, and his brother Peter one of the corks, in utter life, is often us Mr. David heard of little boys rebelling, playing truant, or running away from home, he runion)bored his poisoning, and said there were probably more persons in fault than the runaway; and he would inquire into the affair, and see justice done to the offender. 