THE GOLD BROKER'S DAUGHTER; on, the ASSASSIN'S DOOM. (BY SDQAB L. BURTON.) (From, the Yankee Blade.) Chapter I. Wall-street was in excitement ! The most extraordinary financial irregularity of years had just been brought to light, and of course .formed the universal sub ject of conversation « on change.' Knots of people were gathered along the street, discussing the latest sensa tion : the defected countenance and ab stracted mein of many, proving that the event had a very tragic meaning for the victims. * Ellerton, I am a ruined man I1' ' Don't say' 60, Kennard ; you have surely save something from the wreck ?' ' Not a single cent !' ' God help you !' ' God curse him ! — the scoundrel, Richards.' ' I wouldn't talk so hardly against the man, it will do no good. Baso and unfeeling, I believe him to be, still we should let his Maker judge him and not us.' ' Bill Elverton, if any other man used those words I'd brand him as a fool. I've no patience with such preach ing : yon Were cut out for a parson — I was not.' 'I, too, have lost by Richards' knavery.' ' True, but not everything. And though you had, are better able to sus tain disaster — young, strong, alone in the world ; while I am getting old, have nothing laid by, and a family dependent upon my exertions for their daily bread. Is it surprising to find me a trifle dis heartened and tempted to rebel against fate ?' ' Justice may overtake Richards.' ' And if it does ?' ' We recover our property.' ' Bah I Justice always gives these fellows a wide berth. There's little hope of our ever seeing the thief or his booty.' ' You will persist in looking upon the dark side.' ' Because there is no other.' 'Well, Kennavd, poor fellow! I can't blame you. I hate to see a man despair, but very likely, were I in similar circumstances, I might do worse. Fortunately, whatever ensues, I have sufficient money to start in business afresh — with small capital, that's a fact, but possessed of valuable experience. Will you join me in partnership ?' The tears welled to bis friend's eyes, ' Robert ElWton, you always were a noble, generous fellow as a boy ; can didly I never gave you credit for a dis interestedness like this. Consider I've not a dollar in the world to invest in any busines.' ' Well, come to the house this even ing, and we'll talk over the matter.' ' I've an engagement to-night.' ' Come to morrow, then.' ' Thank yon, I will.' Warmly shaking hands, they parted. Charles Kennard and Robert Ellerton were heavy losers by the failure of Richards ft Co. They had entrusted the principal part of their fortunes in the firm, thinking in so doing they ran no risk of loss. Richards & Co., had for years been well know upon the ' street ;' attracting attention no less by the magnitude, than the apparent honesty of their ?operation!, Although the sign of the firm read Richards & Co., the ' Co.,' was an innocent and meaningless fiction ; the entire business of the concern being transacted by Stanley Richards, Esq., who alone was interested in the rise and fall of gold. Ten years had elapsed before he first startled Wall-street, by a debut, so daring and brilliant as to elicit admiration from the blase stock gambler. From that day he had advanced surely — swiftly, and speedily became a leading figure in the Gold Ring. Unlike his neighbors, Mr Richards kept his own counsel, asking no advice, and giving none unless solicited. By no means popular in any sense of the word, he was respected because feared. He was thirty-five ; tall, slightly built, and dark cornplexioned. Long, black hair inclined to curl fell back from a highly intellectual brow, and a daintily trimmed mustache of jetty hue, marked him decidedly a handsome man of strik ing aspect. Altogether he Vould have been most prepossessing, wero it not for a cold frigidity of manner, self contained caBt of countenance, which repelled the observer and effectually barred advances. Men dreaded falling into his clutches — it was into the jaws of a lion. Re lentless as fate, no plea of the unfor tunate tradesman unable to make good his indebtedness influenced him one jot. He pursued the miserable delinquent to the utmost limits of the law, and beyond it ; often utterly breaking a man's spirit by the terrible pertinacity of his efforts to obtain the amount due. And despite cold blooded actions of this kind, he seemed to pur sue his vindictive course, not in malice — he did not gloat over misery, — it merely made no impression upon him. Supposed to be invulnerable, finan cially, as Vanderbilt himself, his failure and subsequent defalcation produced a wide-spread sensation. Rose Terrace, a charming villa in the suburbs of New' York, is the residence of the wealthy broker. The elegant mansion is approached by a long, wind ing avenue, shaded on either side by rows of evenly cut shrubbery and grace ful elm trees. The hour being midnight it would seem the household were at rest, but a single light glancing fitful rays upou the lawn, evince that one of the inmates yet lingers. In the library, seated in a low, richly cushioned chair before a cheerful fire, Mabel Richards awaits her father's return. Beautiful she looks, the fire adding a roseate hue to the fair whiteness of her complexion. She is a blonde, with hair golden, soft, and abundant. Her eyes are light blue, . the eyelashes long and dark, and the nose a perfect Grecian. Taking in her small pearly hand a tiny jewelled watch for the second or third time during the evening, she sighs wearily. ' Will papa never come !' and taps the hoarthstone restlessly with a petite slipper. ' What can keep him so late to-night ; he knows I sit up for him, and should be more considerate. He treats me as if I was — his wife ! instead of his only daughter, whom he pretends to love so well. I declare if it happens again, he shall get a good scolding!' and with a smile and a frown singularly blinded, the indignant beauty relapses into silence. One o'clock — two, strikes from the little Swiss clock perched upon its mar ble pedestal. Seriously alarmed at the unaccount able delay of Mr Richards, Mabel touches a tasselled bell-rope by her 6ide, and summons her waiting-maid, who quickly answers the call and appears to learn the pleasure of her mistress. ' Where were you, Joannette ?' ' In bed, mademoiselle,' ' So early ?' ' It is after two,' said the girl with a surprised look. 'Oh, I forgot. Where can Mr Richards be ?'' ' Has he not returned, mademoiselle ?' ' No, and it is very late.' ' How strange !' ejaculated Jean nette. ' Mr Richards said nothing about going away this morning ?' ' Not a word,'' replied Mabel, a tear dimming the lustre of her blue eye. ' Mademoiselle must not grieve,' ' Jeanejtte said, in a grieved tone, moved by the anxiety of her doarly loved mis tress. ' Mr Richards is doubtless de tained by urgent and unexpected busi ness.' ' Whatever be the reason, it is useless siiting up longer,' returned Mabel, rising. ' You look fatigued, Jeannette. Go to bed at once : I can get along very well without assistance.' The girl would have demurred, but Mabel, with an imperious gesture si leuced her and ascended the oaken stair case to her chamber. Having entered the room, a vague un easiness overwhelmed her. Blessed with strong nerves she experienced sud denly a sensation akin to fear, and reached her hand in a flurried manner for the match-box upon the bureau. An inadvertent knock caused it to fall ipon tho floor with an abrupt, dismal sound. How a little incident disturbs us* ometimes ; the- noise of tho falling -ox charged the liluod in a cold current hrough her veins. Angry at her foolish fears, she stooped n a kind of desperate way to recover the ndisponsabie matches, and after bruis ug her delicate rinifoivj sadly, the out rageous box is finr- lly secured, the gas jurning brightly, and our heroine snugly msconced in bed. Long was it, however, before sleep risited her eyelids. When at last her igilatcd brain quieted in a degree, she slept a broken, feverish slumber. Truly Mabel Richards enjoyed 8 noicty of repose that night, which would nave been less, could she have known what a merciful fate divulged not. How long she slumbered she was unable to tell, but was awakened by feeling a heavy weight oppressed her chest and a difficulty of breathing. Slnrting up in affright a 6t range hand' grasped her wrists tightly, and thrust a cloth saturated with some drug in her month. She gave one stifled scream and then lay back helpless. The chloroform did its word tho roughly. She sank in a deep sleep, having confused recollection of the sound of trampling feet in the hall below. It was late the nest morning when Mabel heard Jeannette's knock at the door. ' Is that you, Joannette ?' ' Yes, niademoL-ulle.' ' Come in.' Jeannette opened the door, and pausing directly, held her hands up in amazement, ' Mon Dieu ! mademoiselle ; what has happened ?' then as she beheld the pale face of Mabel, quickly added. ' You look like a ghost 1 Etes rous malade ?' Mabel pressed both hands to her throbbing brow and burst into tears. ' I have spent a horrible night, Jeannette ; somebody broke into my chamber and committed an assault, stupefying me with chloroform, but doing me no bodily harm. You Bed the room is ransacked through and through.' ' Did not mademoiselle cry out ?' ' I screamed out as loud as I could, and immediately became unconscious. Has not Mr Richards returned ?' ' No, mademoiselle. He may come in the morning train.' ' Possibly. Very likely he missed the cars last night, and so had no alter native but to remain in New York till morning.' ' The room is in great disorder,' said Jeannette, viewing the scattered evi dence of the burglar's advent. ' Yes, nnd now let us ascertain what is missing,' replied Mabel, -as she finished dressing. Tho two bureaus were carefully ex plovcd ; the closets and every nook and corner were overhauled. They found thing turned upside down; clothing and articles of toilette unceremoniously strewn on the carpet, but not a single valuablle purloined. Mabel regarded her maid in perplex ity. ' Jeannette, tell Benton and the coachman that I want to sen them.' ' Yes, mademoiselle,' and 6he left the apartment to execute the desires of, her mistress. Norman Durner, the coachman, and Bonton, the bntler, promptly attended the orders of Mabel, and presented themselves in the library. ' I sent for you,'1 6he began a-Wress- ing them, ' to learn if you could throw any light upon the unpleasant event o£ last night. Are yon aware of the mys tery to which I allude ?' They replied in the negative. ' Mr Richards has not yet returned home. Some wretch cognizant of his intentions embraced the opportunity to rob or attempt to rob, the house, lie broke into my chamber, assaulted and drugged me into insensibility, and took liis departure after disarranging everything generally, without carrying off a farthing's worth — which is the strangest part of the proceeding.' ' [ am sure,' said the butler, ' it is a very remarkable occurrence — I am quite in the dark about it. I hope Miss Mabel,' he added respectfully, ' that you have recovered from the shock it most have given you.' ' Oh yes,' she replied, smiling. ' Are yon certain, Mis6 Richajds, there was nothing stolen ?' interrogated Norman. ' I am positive concerning that, and am convinced that our nocturnal visitor had his mind fixed upon soma treasure with which he wanted to form a nearer acquaintance. If thwo has been theft committed, I have; yet to discover it. Perhaps Mr Richards will ferret out the mystery and give some clue by which we may under stand the designs of the burglar. Nor man,' 6lie added, ' please harness the horses and bring the carriage around to the front door. I have no further question to ask.' Bowing deferentially, the men. with dfcew. , ' In a few moments, a span of pranc ing horses and a handsome coupe drew up before tho hall door. Mabel, hastily donning bat and shawl entered tbe carriage, directing the conch man to drive her to the post office. The road was mostly smooth and level. A ride of twenty minutes and the ve hicle reached its destination. Opening the door Mabol stepped lightly to the pavement, and entered the telegraph office, embracing a branch of the postal department. Selecting one of the blank sheets from a desk, she rapidly indited a few lines and despatched them over the wires to New York, addressed, Stanley Bichards & Co., Wall-street. Then going into the post-office, the clerk handed her a letter. MaM joy fully accepted the missive, inwardly con* dooming her thoughtlessness in tele graphing before inquiring for the letter. Removing the senl she hesitated, and exclaimed with n forced laugh, ' I So believe I am growing nervous. I dread opening the letter, and yet why sliould I ? It doubtless expresses the reason of papa's absence. The handwriting looks like his, and hardly natural either. The affair of last night lias unsettled my nerves ; I'll wait until I reach home, and then if anything 6hould be the matter, I will have some one to consult. I feel unable to bear ill news alone.' Placing the unread epistle in her pocket, Mabel re-entered the carriage, and journeyed homewards. (To be continued . J 