ECHUCA, WEDNESDAY, FEB. 16, 1870. We have on more than one occasion referred to what appears to be rather extraordinary conduct on the part of the Crown Lands Bailiff of the Echuca district. It has been urged in his defence by his friends, that he has an onerous and thankless duty to per- form. Such is the case, however, with a large number of Government officials, who, while we hear of no complaints against them of dereliction of duty, do not render them selves so obnoxious, as Mr Stephenson has done, generally in the localities in which their labors lie. It would be very easy, for instance, for the police to make their presence hateful and disagreeable to the residents of a dis trict in which they may be stationed. A few frivolous and vexatious acts of arrest or prose- cution, which they could defend quite as reasonably as Mr Stephenson can his numer- ous proceedings of frivolity and vexation, would do the business for them. They would very soon come to be looked upon as officious and malicious, and would lay themselves open to an appeal from the people to the Chief Commissioner. In such case, an inquiry would be very speedily instituted, and justice be pretty summarily done. We do not believe that Capt. Standish would permit the repre- sentations of members of Parliament, or any other interference in their behalf, to influence him in dealing with the members of the force under his command, according to their deserts. The present Minister of Lands is very much belied if as much can be said of him with re- gard to his conduct towards one, at least, of the bailiffs of his department. Mr Stephenson, it is said, has "friends at court," and such would really appear to be the case, when we consider how certain specific charges made against him by the deputation which waited on Mr M'Kean some time ago, from Echuca, have been shelved. It is pretty well known that Mr M'Kean has a strong disposition to run counter to everything on which he cannot see his way immediately to bestow his high and mighty approval. A number of respect- able gentlemen of this community waited upon him and made formal representations to him. He received themselves, we are told, with the usual ministerial condescension, and mock civility, but he treated their representations with a distrust which he did not extend to those of Mr Thomas Wilson, of Pentridge Lunatic Asylum notoriety. The Borough Council was twice, we think, applied to to confirm them. But that body having nothing whatever to do with an official of the Lands department, and having been no party to the representations made against him, reasonably enough declined to do so. Probably had the saw mill interests been represented at the Board a point might have been stretched in that direction. We do not intend to say this illnaturedly. The duties of the Crown Lands Bailiff lie outside the jurisdiction, so to speak, of the Council; and therefore unless his sets were specially brought under its cognizance by a member, or in some formal manner, it is hardly to be expected that it would saddle it self with a disagreeable and invidious piece of business out of the common course of its duties. Whether a reference was made to the local magistracy, the proper quarter for ap- plication to be made to on such a subject, we do not know. We can scarcely think that many of Mr Stephenson's acts can be regarded with approval by the local Bench, although in the majority of instances the letter of the law renders it compulsory to give decisions in his favor. It may be questioned, however, whether the magistrates should always be tied down to the very letter of an Act of Parliament. Under the Land law especially, cases will arise, which were never anticipated by its framers, and which it was intended should be dealt with on their merits in its ad- ministration. Certainly a persistent persecu- tion of individuals under its provisions, for trifling and unimportant infractions, was never contemplated. Can any one, for a moment imagine that the act of drawing a sinking rowing boat out of the river, and repairing her on the bank, by nailing on a plank or so, was intended under the Act, to be construed into "illegal occupation of Crown lands"? Yet this charge was preferred, by the Crown Lands Bailiff, againt Mr James Mackintosh, of the Echuca Steam Saw Mills, who was fined by the local Bench for this enormous infringe- ment of the Land Act. And this is only one of many very similar complaints constantly being made against him. The other saw mill proprietors established on the Victorian side of the Murray conduct themselves with such exemplary legal propriety, that we never hear their names mentioned in connection with that of the terrible Crown Lands Bailiff. More than this, other saw mill proprietors can ob- tain the privilege of taking out a special yearly license, for which they pay, quarterly, a lump sum of L50, and under which they can employ any number of men they please. This privi- lege has hitherto been witheld from Mr Mack- intosh, although he has repeatedly applied for it, and he has to take out a license for every workman he engages. The hardship of this consists in the fact that, under the single license system, the law requires that the men shall carry about with them the licenses taken out in their respective names, and if a gang of ten or twelve be engaged for a week, a quar- terly license, must he taken out for each in- dividual. It can readily be understood that men will sometimes bolt from their employ- ment, as soon as they have been provided with licenses, and by virtue of the same take to tim- ber cutting on their own account, or seek other engagements. To this. risk. a saw mill proprietor must subject himself, or lay himself open to perpetual legal prosecutions. Justice therefore demands that a satisfactory reason should be given by the Land department, for the non-issue of a special license to Mr Mackintosh, while Messrs Whiteley and Co., who enjoy an immunity from the petty perse- cutions of one of its officials, have twice been favored with the issue to them of such a desirable document. Tn the agricultural parish of Tatailla, which is situated on the north bank of-the--Murray}' -a short distance below Moaraa, there have be come- established, principally under the free selection, clauses of the Land Act of New' South Wales, about. forty or fifty residents. These persons have rilaritiged, with the assist ance of the Wesleyans of Echuca and Moama, but chiefly through the energetic instru mentality of the' Rev W. H. Fitchett of the former place, to erect a building in their own locality, for the purposes of public worship. It was opened for the first time on Sunday afternoon last by services, conducted by Mr Fitchett, and this evening a tea, and public meuting will be held in the little church for the. purpose of celebrating its inauguration. The people of Tatailla may'be congratulated on the fact, which'-we believe will not admit of contradiction iu a single;.sentence, of being the first community in the colony of New South Wales to achieve ,the erection of a church prior to tbfit of any other public build ing. In other young settlements the initiative has invariably to be taken by the Government' who show their appreciation of tho character of tho people they have generally to deal with by the construction in the first place of a Icck-up and police quarters. It is creditable to the Tatnillians, that no pressing necessity for such establishments has yet arisen amongst them. Being a sober, steady, industrious set of people, for the most part with families, no inducement has been held out by them for the sale of spirituous liquors in their parish. Con sequently they stand among the communities of New South Wales in the singular but en viable position of being possessed of a church, while there is not a single public house within the boundaries of. the area occupied by them, and'police protection is'so little wanted by them that they have never been compelled to ask for a resident constabulary, or the estab lishment of a criminal.place of confinement.. They certainly may claim to bo regarded as the model village of the colony, and it is to be hoped they will continue to merit the same i honorable distinguishing title. j We received the" following telegram Inst even ing from Melbourne:—Parliament was opened to day with the usual formalities. Ihe Governor's speech stated that the tenders for mail service by way of the Cape, by Ocean steamers, were snch as could not properly he accepted. The speech | promised sni amendment of the Electoral Aot, and a readjustment of the boundarit b of eleotoral dis tricts. Mining on private property would be brought undtr consideration, and the speech urged that better regulations bIiouU be made for drain age of reefs. Land courts would he es;ablished settle disputes in reference to land selections ; a Workmen's Lien Hill, would be introduced, and one for (he Inspection of Mints, in order to secure greater precaution in mining operations. An In solvency Bill would ba submitted, based on the previous measure which had passed the Assembly. Provision would also be made for the establish ment of a military foroe in the colony; other topics were touched upon in the speech ; but the above arc the most salient and important. On the meeting of the Assembly in, tho after noon, Mr Kernot moved the adoption of the reply to His Excellenoy's address. Mr Kitto seoonded the motion. Mr 3ates moved (hat the House acj >urn for tho consideration of the ad dress. Mr Maclcay seconded the amendment. A lengthy nnd somewhat acrimonious debate en sued, in the course of which Mr G. P. Smith became so aggravated at remarks which fell from DrMacartmy that he threatened to kick him. The'motion for the adjoornment was carried. The House will meet again to-morrow (Wed nesday). ' - The ordinary fortnightly meetirg of the Borough Council will take place this afternoon. A shockingly sudden death occurred last even ing. Mr Cornelius Harrv Bryant, lately em ployed in the drapery establishnwnt of Messrs Btubbs and Co., has, it appears, for some time been indulging rather deeply in strong liquors, and,- owing no doubt in a great measure to the excespiye heat of the weather, was suffering from delerium tremens, end it being thought dangerous to allow hini to be at large) he was handed oter to the police, fry whom he was pleoad in the lock up. There were'-lwo prisoners iu the cell with him, who were told to keep an eye on him, and they state that they somo time they thought be had gone !(> sleep. He had been little more than so hour in confinement when it wzs discovered he v?»s dead The im mediate cause of death is suppised to have been apoplexy. Mr lJryant, who iMUst have been nearly sixty years of age, lias a son and a daughter iu the colony. We are told that no man is better kuowu in the drapery trade in Viotoria. Eighteen yearB ago he was in t he em ployment of Mr Towle in Geelong. He was a native of Brooking, in Essex, and a brother of bis belongs to, the:tirm of (Jourtull and Co., crape manufacturers of that town. A tea and public meeting will bo held thi8 evening at. Tatailla; for .the purpose of inaugu rating the new place of worship, erected at. that place by tho Wesley ana. : As it will be a moon light night it is cupected there will be a large attendance from Eohuca end Moama.' Convey auces will convey visitors' from the "punt to Ta tailla and back free. ; : - • > The heat yesterday was truly fierce, and of a most prostrating description.' Altluiwh we have had many very hot days this season, we do not think we have experinced anything like such op pressve weather previously. There was some ap pearanoe of- a thunderstorm last evening, but the hopes' raised by thetn were not realised. A well attended meeting of the Eohuca Crieket Club took, place at Hayes' ,Terminus Hotel, on Monday evening. The chair, jvas oocupied by the Vioe- President. Letters weTe read by the Secre tary from the .crioketers of- Epsom, 'Kunnymede;, and Deniliquin. The two latter plaoss will be in a position5 to'play Eohno'a retnrri matclits in about a month, while the Epsom men are wil.ing to fix , on Easter Monday and Tuesday an the days for meeting their Border adversaries. The Seoretary was instructed to reply, accepting the Epsom challenge for the two days named. The Vice President urged upon the members the. necessity for praotioe, as the Epsom men were no muffs # and. he proposed that a match should be got u' 'for Saturday—eleven against twenty-two—with0 two of the tirat eleven bowler3 to go over to tli twenty-two bide. Tho Vice to be Captain of the twenty-two. The following are the teamsTh! ' Twenty-two—Collingwood, O'Dwyer,1 Trirn'e'r Cameron^ Mitchell, Clifton, Dagnell,' Syrnming; ton, Mayne, Smith, Dawson, .Nolan,, Franklin,' Jones, Kirkpatriok, Coyle, Luxford; Sugden', Morgan, Proctor, T. Wilson. The Eleven— Bimonds, Hayes,' Weaver, Hughes.. Molyneux, Fitchet, Matthews, Moore,. Jones, Ford", East-, wood. ; " '\ : [ ■ \ } A. reward of tenp-rands iroiFtrsd.fur the^detec tioa of some malicious person or pRrscin'a who have cut the wire fences of Mr £1. Cross! n. and Sir James Shaokell, oa the .west .eide^if, the Cam .paspe, .. '■ /. \ ' Land; sales will take place int.: Moama and Wagga on the 1st Siarcb,'land >at Albury on.the. 2ud March. , '■ •• ... ; . Wo have been furnished by the secretary of the Viotorian Railways with the following return foE tbe week-ending 10th February:—Passengers, 18,208;' £3738 2s lOd; mails, reDts, &c; , £128 2a ,fid paWls, &o.;, £244 2s 3d ; horses, carriages dogs, &c.;, £97 18s lOd ; goods anil minerals' £6697 Ids lOd; cattle, £394 3s 6d. Total for week, £11,340 5s 9d. Corresponding week in 1869, £10,734.63 8d. The time of the magistrates at the Sandhurst police court on Monday was taken up in the in vestigation of a charge of assaulting a girl of about eleven years of age, named Catherine Mahoney, with intent to commit rape. The pri soner, one Michael Kennedy, said to be about sixty, was committed to take his trial at the Circuit Court to-day, Wednesday. The child is the daughter of John Mahony, whose hut at Dead Horse Point was, as our Echuca readers will remember, burned down some time ago. The Times of Natal, Cape of Good Hope, urges the establishment in that colony of woollen fac tories. From Bollybulka, Tolarno,.in the Darling hack country, the Meninaie correspondent of the Register writes on January 15:—I- remarked in my last that an opening for -aspirants for buBh ranging notoriety existed since Baker and Ber tram had cleared out for Queensland ; MrRos», alias Towney, and; two, mates have taken the vaoant position. Their first exploit was stealing a horse known on; the station 'as theBushranger, and which Redford left at Bollybulka when he camo back, from the Lachlan. Mr Owen, the super intendent,'commenced at once with the . polio?, dind provided them the best horses on (he station, Trooper Bailey and a blackfellow are on their tracks. Rosa is known to be a very determined charaoter, and more than two ought to pursne. What will the police authorities now think about thsir having reduced the number of the Darling polioe force when every week brings accessions to the bushrangin» busines«, for, it is an established profession here ? How amiy hawkers will try their fortunes- on the Darling when at any moment .they may be served, as O'Brien and Young were, an'd tho vrgabonds are allowed to' get away, aud laugh at the competency of the police. One of the horses whioh Trooper Bailey took from Bollvbnlka came back, and it is feared some accident or encounter has taken place between him nod the,bushrangers. I have every ouniiiLnoa in Ruilay, and that he will render a good acoount of them Blitiuld he.sight them. . r The English Champion pedestrians. Bird and Topley, were successful at Ballarat on Monday, the former winning the mile race with ease ; but Lyall made good fight of it against Topley in the walking match, which was won by a yard. The New South Wales eleven, chos6n to play in the Intercolonial Cricket Match, to take place on the 24th, 2otb, and 26th inst., aro to leuve Syd ney to-day, and will probably arrivti en Friday n'ght. The Intercolonial Match Committee met on Monday evening, and decided to postpone the final selection of the Victorian eleven nntil Thurs day, when the sixteen of County of IJourko, to play on Sat urday next, will also bo ohosen. A man named Frost, an overseer in the em ployment of Mr II. N. Simson, was shot on Satur day by the cook on the station. One of his eyes was destroyed, but his life was oonsidored out of danger. The 0. and M. Advertiser gives the fol lowing particulars: —" A- murderous assault was CDmmitted a', the Hol'ow or Fledi Station, King' itiver, through which an unfortunate man has, in all probability, been maimed for life. Mr H. N. Simson, of Tatong, reoently forwarded n flock of sheep to the station named, several of the men in his employment also proceeding thither in charge. On Saturday a quarrel ensued between two of the men—Mr Frost, one of the overseers, and the person employed as CDok—owing to tho former finding I'ruU with tIn- la'ter's culin.iry skill; high words ensue'l, and tho cook became so enraged that he presented a pUtol and tired at Frost, point-blank in the face. The ball entered his right cheek, smashing the bone of the face, and traversing tho lower pjate of the orbit. Frost was brought to the Ovens District Hospital, on Saturday night, when the bullet n conical one, which had been considerably flattened by oontaot with the bones, was skilfu ly extracted by Dr Mousse. The ball when cxtraoted, was impaeked n:.'ir the vertebral column, a depth of about two inches from where it entered, and, may bo ima gined, the dislodging of a substance of this de scription from such a position, was no easy matter. It is ahnostcertain thit Fiott will lose the sight of his eye, although from present appearances he has a.fair chance for hisiife." The Government, it is said, will 1)3 represented in the Upper House by the Hon. Ji. £. Anderson The Albury Banner deprecates th9 wholesale uso of nets and traps for fish in the Murray river, and points out that some legislative protection for fish (luring the close season is greatly-winted. • .The Melbourne corre'pondent of the Bendigo Advertiser points out that some .of the lately arrived vessels from England have been making extraordinary passages. The Ethiopian, an Aberdeen dipper, has run from the Lizaid to the Otway, 13,047 miles in G8J days, giving an", average of 100 miles perday, h- rbest day'd run;.! having been 320 and the \vor§'t' 41 knots, and'it is only five months and eighteen days sicca she left these waters on ber homeward bound voyage. The Looh Tay, sister ship to the Loehness, both built by Barclay aiid Curll,.of the North, Glasgow, also arrived on Saturday, having been only three weeks from the Croats; during: nine days she averaged 285 miles per day (24 hours}, and by observation in one instance make 366 jn a day). The True Briton, ono of Money, Wigram's ships,' also arrived yesterday. She has made a very good passage, and it is most unprecended fact that she has never "taken iu" during the passage and the royals only once or twice. It is estimated that abaut 10,000 valentines, were sent through the Melbourne post-office on Monday, grid that about four thousand were for warded up- country, , ; The Bemligo Independent'relates the following mining incident :—" A few days sineo a miner at Berlin was acoosted by a hew chum, and in oon sequonee of the tale told by the; latter he was allowed to"" set to" in the claim in which the miner was working. The owner of the claim had been working in a particular part of it for som6 time without success, and he let the new cbum work in a drive which he had . given up. The "new olinm had not been at work many honrs when, he unearthed two nuggets worth nearly £2000, with which- lie oleareU out,, refusing even to 'shout' for the men who had put him in the way of a small fortune. AVhen the circumstance became itnown '.the man's ingratitude nearly se cured him a moBbing" from" the digger's, but he" got away unmolested, expressing ;hi8,. intention to ' to go home by the first ship.' " Mr D'Oyley Alpin, of .Queensland, has,been appointed Government geologist in YictoriH, iu the place of Mr Selwyn, It is rumoured that Sir T^etiry Barkly has been, or is about to be: appointed "Governor-General of Canada. • . | Soma thousands1 of 'persons* V.sitod ' tlie "Mel - bourne oricket ground on Saturday afternoon, for the purpose of witnessing 'trio' 'aihletio sportB, in which the English , champion: pedestrians were, dngaged." Hewitt', haying ;sprained'a 'sinew .in* the foot, was unable'' to com pete in the quarter of a, mile; race.\ The.'principal interest .was. at tached to thq^e.ve,^ei)t?i, in v which the other Englishmen, Bird and Toploy,;were engaged, and in which they came';off 'victorious',' niuoh,v it •'is said, to tbe .gratification.of. the .spectators who cheered them lustily. . .. A ghost which' was,latcly seen.at GoldeniSquare Sandhurst^i has i turned, .outv :to ibe; .ayitiingtiroi!, which belongs to a person living near the. hauntbd? house.— ... ■■Ths Attorney-General has , givcil .it as his opioion that under-'the L'nnd LVot^all the commons throughout, the colony are open lor .agricultural settlement. Tha Governor in' Conrioil has of ■conTse to frame regulations,for the reservation of tha"whole or any portion of the oommons i'rom (. Belee ion, if in, (lie interests of .tHe-publipKU.is 'deemed necessary. The 'quantity of larid>which is; reserved7 withjn ona ^raiie of a'town and two mile's of a iborotigh isr nearly 750 000 ncreartbe greater portion of whioliis said,-to bo very choioe lead. " , ' , '<: -y Late advices from Central Amerioa stato that it is^in contemplation to build a railroad across the Jlepublio to unite the two oceans, and the (Jovern mentrhad- -issued--important "orders-:to*8ecure-tbe exeecution^of the.work: Advioes from Nioaragua state that tbe arm'y of the .Republic was still .at Leon', eOg:Tge'd' in" tho "pacificatTonlSf the* WesteYn' Department. At Jainega'tho war was'-atill con tinued, but was expected soon to end. The news papers express approbation of/the official, oonduot of the Ministers for the United; States at* Costa Rica and Honduras, as the the restoration of peace in the.llepublio is due to 'heirjindefatigable efforts. The losses and accidents caused by'the revolution are calculated at 185 killed and 370 wounded, and 1,000,000 dollars expenditure.. . , . The Wagga Advertiser relates the following looal police court incidentA Mr.Wilson prose cuted a Mr Flinn for running away .with a' goat, some fowls,-a oamp oven, and other household articles, including the 'trilling impedimenta. of/a. wife and two children. The.fac'.s, as they oame out at the police court, disclosed'a'stato' of affaire not very creditable, to either husband or wife. On New Year'6. Day Wilson caught his wife/and Flinn flagrante delicto, and,on venturing to re monstrate, was incontinently bundled-out" of bis own house, and told that if lie showed his san guinary nose there again he.Would have.it broken. He seems to have taken the hint, and: the valiant Flinn .remained/ master of (lie situation. In a short tftne Flinn took a.house for himself at New town,...whither the .Wilson hbusehjld. gods and goods were removed, their- late owner making no objection. Last '-week, however/ hearing that Flinn was about lbaviiig |tho town altogether,/the bereaved Wil.'pn :m'nsterje _dash at least for the gont\and_ pamploven, " Ta.ke my wife," the worthy man seems to have said, " but spare my camp oven, and Flinn was accord ingly arrested on a chargcof stealing. The bench thought, however, that the pusillanimous husband' was as much sinning as sinned against, and dis charged the prisoner,, observing, that, the com plainant might summons, him-lor illegal detention , of, property. ' ■ '•' '■-'/ ' . — ; 'Nb'ws has beph received, from Auckland; to! the' 7th iast, and is of a very alatVning nature'. The Kingite natives are arming nu'nierorisly. ''It is generally believed that they intend to join Ta Koati, and to assist' him •• to escape from the dangerous position in which ho hna been placed by Coloiiel MDonnell and the colonial forces. Tho enemy have surprised a parly of Kraser's men that were marching to jnin M'Doniiell. They fell into an ambuscade, and sergeant YVhitely and four others were killed. Tlie-remainder escaped. Two Maori prisoners have been captured "near Taurarign. The Flying Squadron arrived at Auckland on the 2nd February, and were cordi ally feted. " The Malmsbury races will take.'place on the, 1st March.. ; It is stated .that hops flourish splendidly in lift Wiinmera district. > At a meeting of sheep director*, held in tho court house at Hay, Messrs • John• Clarke, M. Palmer, Tliomas: Darchy, and the chairman; ilr U. Simson, were appointed directors for tho yeari With reference to the opinion'said to lfav'e"b'eien given by Mr Fellows,to the St Kilda Council, to tho effect that no provision was made iu:the new Borough Statute for the retireiiunt of-membsrs, and.that consequently they were elected for life, it is worthy of notice that 'clause 40'says "On the second Thursday in August in every year on'e tbird part of the whole number of councillors assigned hereby or' hereunder to each borough shall go out of oflice, and tho councillors who shall go out of oflice (except' in the ciiee of coun cillors heretofore or hereafter elected to fill extra ordinary vacancies) shall be tho councillors who have been the,longest' time, in oiHoe wi hout re eleo'ion." Clause 44 says: —11 Jie.ery. councillor heretofore or hereafter elected to lill an .extra ordinary vacancy: shall hold oflice for so. long a time only as the councillor in whose room lie has been elected would have been entitled to hold it." By the new police regulations which have lately oaine into toroe in New South 'Wales, the con stables have, it is said, to find their own' borses and foraae. The opening of the new puWio-s'eliool at Hay was (says the correspondent of the Pastoral Times) au event which will:long; remain in the memory of those present, and of which the committee may well be proud. Owing to the^llness ot. the ohair man of the committee, Captain ..Browne, that gentleman was unable to attend, as he had hoped to do. The llev Mr. Hamilton was unavoidably absent, being detained at a distance from home. The chief share of: the, management of the,enter- .1 tainment, therefore, fell,upon the shoulders of-,j the honorary secretory, John Fairbaim, Esq.,;andj well, did be' manage the whole affair..^He pre sidedjne ohairman, and under, his management an. excellent evening's: amusement was giv,en. . ,The supp'y of good thiuga 'was unlimited^ and com prised not only the usual et ceteras connected1 with the tea table, but also those whioh aro, mqr6 immediately pertaining to a dejuner a la four-, chctio, while there was no lack of ale,,wine and: spirituous liquors. Too muoh credit cannot be given to the founders .of the school, the, Kev. Mr Ham lton and Captain Browue, and thehon. secretary,-Mr J. Fairbaim, whose attendance at the committee has outdone all others, as well as the members ot. the Board,.who ;have thus, been enabled to so far carry out the objeot of .their wishes—the building of a public sohool for Hay. The structure is an:ornament to,-.the town,-and reflects great credit upon the contractors, Messrs Witcombe Brothers. Jt is intended to give a.tea party shortly towards olearing'ofl'the debt due on the building. Messrs liobsrt Gayer, C'olendina;, William Hay, Boomanoomana; H, C,. Whitty, IVrramia;' J. 5. Torry'and Ji AT. Pa'rigar have been appointed sheep directors for the Corowa distriot. A: meeting of pastoral tenants took place Intely at Cororca for 'the purr ose of'appointing office bearers for the year for tb'e. Riverine Pastoral. Association; ' Tha anboiritments were—President:: Mr "William Hay • vice-presidents, Messrs Rich mond, Sloane .and M'Farland; secretary, Mr Robert Lowes ;< and treasurer' Mr - John -Gayer. A vote of thanks- was unanimously passed to thn retiring officers; encouraging; showing a balance! in.fa.vor of the. current year. ■ : 2 ; :.o .. Dr Mein and Messrs M'Farlane, Grassie; Officef nnd Berstrriw'have been appointed sheep directors for, the district of Balranald. ; Mr .Moses'.tt)sephi)''al well-knowh squatteir'ire sidirigMn Qaeanbeyan, has been sentenced to eight years' imprisonment for sheep-stealing, i There realty*is-hothiDg new-underJ the sun. The paddle wheeL forvbo.ata is ,ssen-on .the. As-, sy'rjan slab's,'ahd in ihore'ihan'dne old'Europ'ean'. fresco. ^'I'hq bicycle seernp to have- been known in China niSro'tfian two" centuries "iig'oj' lirid "the velocipede was probably seen even before that in Europe. A contemporary'states'I hat among the Ancient painted glasfi in and'about the once noble (jh'urch 6f:Stol?eJPogie'tnay be seen the represen tation"of 'a'yoarigfeljow.who is astride1 the route ljut ac'ive'horae. He is'working his way along with;.tbe. air of :a rider who has introduced a novelty, and is being looked at by admiring spec tator^;^ It 13 one of the rncBt cviruus illustrations of :in'cient tim's in the painted glass windows of this interesting church. . ■ It has been arranged that the first local land board,'under the new Act, will be held at Sand "hur3t. on the 25th instan^ when applications for about 20,000 acres of land Will have to be con sidered. "A large attendance of selectors is ex pected. The following important decision has been oome to by the Minister of- Lands:—In conBequenoe of the numerous applications made to the Lands .Peoartmentxfor,^permission; to resiime possession of;4and#o>fqited for tlfe^nonrpayment of rent, ft the Ministeriof Lauds ^consulted with his col- (>| leagues', j and 'itihas bieentdeterroiued that the rent |j. will be [received for ^forfeited blocks under the £• following c'oiiditions That interest at the rate j of five percent, be paid in addition to the amount I of rent, where such rent has been due for a period • of three months; -ten per cent, for Bix months, .fifteen.per- cent._for~riino. months,, twenty. per cent, for twele months, and above" that tperiod, twenty five per cent. These charges will' al^o cover ex -penseB in-issuing••G6Hette-notioesrand-the cosfr-of • making out the sohedules. necessary. There is no legal power to. make this graduated 6cale, nor is it imoosed as fine or penalty,,but unless it is paid the land will b'e forfeited and open for re-s'eleotion; Mr Grant fixed tho rate.,at. twenty-five per cent. in all cases, but this regulation was found to work somewhat fprejudicially, and a modified scale was suggested,-and has- been adopted. As soon as this regulation was made, ^public, a con siderable' amount of money was paid into the Treasury on account Of ient for forfeited lands. The Yass Courier announces that operations have been commenced at the new.boiling-dowi] establishmentat Illalong. : ^ ,A correspondent Writes to.the M. A". Mail: — " I stated in my last sulphurio'acid was nsed by me with success in cisc-s of diptheria. 1 have now to state it was not the strong sulphuric acid of commerce, but a dilution of the lx homroopathic preparation, which' may be' obtained of any homcop'athist or chemist" in this town. Used aa described, it kills tho membraneous deposit, when such.'is formed, sets up a salivary disch ge, is tonio, and an eradicator of fungous deposit, 1 be lieving strongly in its curative.qualities." * r The Western Post states that Mr Richard: FIil!v the member for Canterbury, oarae to Mndgee last July,1 and purchased !somo merino sheep for New Zealand. ; Wishingto'disoov'er their real : \alun in the eyes of tho New Zealand colonists, he entered them at the Christchurch Agricultural Show, whereithey took the head prize. Hearing that Mr Currie, of Melbourne, was at th«t time in Christchuroh', and being • desirous of testing lliti sheep still farther, Mr Hill asked that- gentleman to pick out the three ewes which were in liio opinion the best in the flock. Mr Currie greatly adiriirort the sheep; and expressed a wish that ho possessed them himself.. •:'1'he three whioh Mr Currie selected as the best, and nlso the three whioh took the prize, proved to have all been bred by Mr George Rouse," of ISiraganbil, who nmsl. certainly regard his success in thesa two tests as a •legitimate and honorable triumph. A Springbok correspondent of a late'Cope Town paper mades mention of a.tsrrifio hurrienne and hailstorm at Kook'fontein, a missionary station. It was announced by the pppearance of a dark cloud, whioh took its flight right to the station. A frightful storm ensued, the wind carrying away waggons and oarts. Next came an unprecedented shower of hail, the stones bsing as large a t? pigeon's eggs An inund:-tion followed, the water • standing upwards of two feet in every house. Of course,- the inhabitants had to got nut of them for fear of being entombed under.-the ruins.- Fortunately, the war of elements lasted only an hour and a half, or otherwise1 the wholo population might hav.e perished; the place being situated on ail'open flat without trees or bushes. ; The''buildings are left in a ^miserable plight; the, plastering taken oil', windows smashed, window frames wrenched out— in short, destruction every where." A Mrs Alc-yer and a child of about twelve yeara'old were overtaken by the flood while washing at the brook, and drowned. A number of lambs grazing in the ooru lands were alfo drowned. A CMifornian journal says a power'ul oombina tion cf capital is forming for the construction of a new railroad; route from the Atlantic (o the West. This .will open a new route to tho West, especially for -J£entuofey; Southern Ohio, Indiana, find Illinois, and tor nil Missouri, with Kansas, and the region stretol ing thence even as far cs the Pacific. It was originally a Southern enterprise of little more than local signilictiroe, controlled partly by Richmond-capital. Biit Northern oa;>ital was recently admitted to it by a vote of 01,000 shnr.es against 5000, and- the, road now assumes the importanca of a project that seems to aim at nothing-else, than opening-a seond route across the continent,-with ;San Fr;incisco for-its Pacifio and Norfolk for ijs Atlantic terminus. Some 10,000,000 dollars in gold have already been'ex pended upon the road,' between Norfolk and the Greenbrier White Sulphur Springs; and a con tract ha* ben entered into to complete and equip if, to the Ohio Uiver, a distance of 200 miles, at a oo-st of 15,000,000 dollars. The heavy subscrip tions made by the Huntington, Fisk and Hatch, who may be considered to represent the Central Pacific Railroad' Company of California, would seem to indicate that this sagacious corporation i:: looking to tho establishment of a'new routo to the Atlantic that will make it. iudependeut of tho ! Union .-Pacific, and give it a share in building up la new Atlantic port. Norfolk has a fine harbor and situation, and nothing but slavery prevailed ■it from becoming1 one of 'the greatest commercial ports of tho Atlantic. It in oasy to see how the 'conneolion might be made between the Ceutral Pacilio and the Chesapeake and Ohio railroads; but that such a schcmo is really, entertained, wo only suggost-as-a not unreasonable conjeoture. 