Ghost or uo Ghost. (From the Bristol Times, June 2.) At or about midnight of the 23rd of last month, two grave and elderly gentlemen were returning from the village of Chelewy to Brockley. They had spent the evening together at the former place, engaged with their host, in quiet conversa- tion upon the ordinary topics of the day: and they set out together on their way home in a vehicle drawn by the doctor's horse - a well broken, steady and experienced roadster. The doctor drove. The rector sat by his side, both silent, staid, and contemplative. The road was narrow but open, and the night was still fine, and clear: there was no moon, and the travellers had no lamp. They had proceeded but a short distance when the horse evinced a nervousness very uncommon to the animal, and more than once showed a disposition - now to halt, now to turn, and anon to hurry forward on the extreme roadside. The doctor, roused to unwanted attention by the timidity of his favorite and reliable horse, cast his eyes forward along the road, directly in the centre of which, a sight met them that gave a strange shock to his own strong nerves. Hurrying on, with no appear- ance of muscular effort - turning neither to the right nor to the left, a tall figure, draped in a long cloak, reaching nearly the ground, floated, rather than walked, before them. The doctor, without speaking to his companion, looked long enough upon the weird figure to note these startling particulars, and to arrive at the conclusion in his own mind that he was the subject of a special and peculiar illusion. Looking upon the spectre with the feeling of a mere man of science, and quieted rather than alarmed by the nature of tho appearance which he had now no doubt was visible only to his own disordered sense of sight, he occupied himself in a hurried examination of his own physical condition, in which, however, he detected none of the expected symptoms. He was strong, calm, sound in health, collected and clear— physically and mentally. ' Nevertheless,' murmured the doctor to himself, 'this is a marked and decided case of optical illusion for wbich I may yet find some cause.' 'Did you speak,' said the Rector in subdued tones. ' I did — involuntarily,' replied the doctor, speaking also scarcely above a whisper. "In speaking, involuntarily, were your thoughts and speech addressed to the ' thing' before us, my friend ?' asked tho rector. ' Good God, yes. Do you, too, see what I have for the last few minutes been observing ?'' 'I have seen and am seeing with you/' qiuetly responded the rector. ' Look more carelully to your horse, speak to it cheeringly, and soothingly, and let us go on.' The Doctor obeyed ; but even his well known voice failed to quiet the now trembling animal, the , management of which was becoming every momentt more-difficult. ' This can't go on : we had better alight, or wait, or turn back/' observed the Doctor; striving in vain to guide the now unmanageable horse They had by this time reaohed a wider part, of the road across which led a still broader. Lying in the centre of this crossing was a 'triangular bit of turf, bare and treeless. Upon this spot the figure vanished; and the horse stopped refusing to pass beyond it. 'Doctor,' whispered the Rector, ' we are alone. Were you watching?' ' Not carefully,' said the Doctor, h«lf out of breath with his exertion in repressing the frightened horse, ' not carefully ; but I think it went to the right.'; , 'Nay.' replied the Rector, -'.neither- to the left nor to nor to the right; neither upwards nor downwards. I marked it accurately to the last ; it faded, died out, disappeared—not suddenly but slowly - as surely as you and I are together here.' No small amount of time and care were necessary to get the horse home; and from an animal famous for its steady strength of nerve, courage, and docility, it has 'become, within the few days that , have transpired, as nerveless and timid as a fawn. This is all. While l sit here in the Doctor's sanctum, transcribing the notes of his journey from.Chelvey to Brookley, the Doctor in collecting and comparing cases from the dry and uninviting volumes littered upon the table and the floor, turning only ocaassionally from these to the latest reports of the learned societies upon optics, or to the splendid, but to me, unintelligible, theorems of Brewster. The rector — an old tutor of his college— is here, too, tracing numerable diagrams with the view of reducing this appear- ance to some law of physics. Nothing, reader, will come of their labours. You and I know that. : Professor Schoff was heie, but he has. gone away up the Coombe, sneerihgly. Professor Schoff and my old friends have had a difference, and have been hard upon each other. Professor Schoff insists that the two learned needless saw a reflection of their horse and themselves, built up, pyramid fashion, and cast feebly upon the white road by the light of tbe 'old' 'moon, which being in its last quarter, would be on the south eastern horizon at that hour; and being there would cast distorted, faint, and elongated images of just sufficient distinctness to frighten horses or other animals. Thus of the appearance. . As to the disappearance, Professor Sohoff says that the shadow, being faint and thin, would disappear upon the darker ground of the grass plot, for want of that contrast in field and shadow afforded by the whiter road. Professor Schoff banged the study door as he went out, and the effect of the loud report upon my nerves proves to me that I, for one, must side with the doctor and the rector, who have thrown aside their books, papers, and instruments, and now believe that they saw a ' thing ' of which they cannot, and ought not to attempt a further description of elucidation; Hsh! Professor Schoff has gone ; but old Betsy Prodgen, who was born in the parish of Brockley well nigh seventy years ago, is in the kitchen, and this, in substance, is what I overhear her saying- — ' Mrs Huoker (she is addressing tbe rectory cook) the greatest of fools are the wise fools. I am angered to hear what you say of the discussion in the study of the rector, doctor, and Professor. Rays of incidence— reflection — refraction— con- vergenoe — divergenoe — angles — foci and rubbish I What has those blasphemous terms or the. blasphemous science to which they refer to do with what they have seen? . Shame upon their unbelief 1 Listen, ma'am. Just ninety-four yearrs ago the rector of this parish, was the Rev. Mr Hubertson — a hungry, reckless, spendthrift, The miser is, hungry and reckless: but the spendthrift Mrs Hucker, would draw bills upon his wife's reputation or his ohildren's bread, to raise coin to sqaunder upon the gratification of his depraved tastes or idiotic cravings. No wonder then that this should happen— Parson Hubertson cooked a will 1 It was done in this wise, In the early barking season of 1776, James Stevens, tbe then woodman of the Brookley Manor, was mortally injured by the fall of a tree in tbe Park, and was carried, crushed and mangled, into the kitchen of the Rectory. The parson, and an old and wicked college friend of. his, who was staying with him as a guest at tbe time, provided a means for the removal of the dying man to Chelvey, where he lived, and accompanied him home. James Stevens's wife and children received the mournful procession and saw in their agony that, the sufferer's very hours were numbered. James Stevens had been a striving and a successful man ; and it was pretty generally known that he had a large sum lying in one of the Bristol banks to his credit — £500 and more as it proved to be. Parson Hubertson, and his college friend, and a man servant of the latter, sat up through the night; and before the morning that succeeded it, James Stevens died, having previously signed a will drawn up by his friendly watchers, wholly, as the dying man believed, in favour of his wife and children, but wholly, as it turned out to be, in favour not of them or either of them, but of Parson Hubertson? Widow Stevens died twenty years later in the workhouse; and her children went forth into the world pennilness. Parson Hubertson died later, at tbe Rectory ; and his end was hard and frightful. Parson Hubertson's body was buried, but. his spirit was never laid ; and at barking time in every year, and to this day, that spirit appearing in the hard outline of the tall form it occupied in the body, mokes a journey to and fro at midnight between Chelvey and Brookley, and tlio draped figure seen by the reotor and dootor was Parson Hubertson's ghost.' ? A Queer Start. — l am astonished, my dear young lady, at your sentiments; you make start.' ' 'Well, I have been wanting you to start for the last hour' 