THE LADY'S COLUMN. THE BEGUIHAGES OF BELGIUM. (from toe spectator.) The Beguinages, or becnlar congregations of Belgium, axe not convents though the inmates take vows, which devote them to practical work instead of contemplation,'and (me estab lishments, instead of being confined to one building. spread, out Into an enclosure with its small neat cottages, miniature novjer gardens, paved streets, and green closewith the church in the middle. Each Begoinage is .a town within a town, and during the year for which vows are taken the Beguines live retired from wordly interests. The vows are only taken for a year, and married women may be received into the order, while any Begoine may leave the order at the end of a year, and may marry!. Bah in addition to this, there iB a great difference between the life of convents and B^gninages,- Instead of high-Bonndmg aspirations.and "spiritual ele vation," the rnle implies practical usefulness and productive exertion.. Instead of being lured to the u mystic'marriage" which makes them the M brides of Chriat," the B6guines are taught to tptreat from woridy interests for a time, in order to do the work'of God more actively and.mofe earnestly. As a bishop of Antwerp wrote in 1(131, . Although it may be mote teeritonbuB to consecrate one self to the Lord by solemn and perpetnal vows of chastity, obedience, and poverty, we find in, Slanders many pious women who, prefer giving to promising, maintaining perpetual chastity to making vows to that effect and obeying te 'undertakthfe tb obey. These women practise poverty in a rational and e nse of the goods ^Sod hits given they cloister (___ _ ronie sort compensateforihis eeuttestration by (that fteeand voluntarybondage tvhicb retains tbem'day by'dgy iuthesl , of a willing submission," And aabthel TMabop djpte, " The mniatfes bf the -BMlnMe live in perfect freedom without being rr60, fn poverty without i»ing poon"Mid in a sim plicity which, while it excludes all luxury and self-indulgebce. is birth decent ana rational" It may bete* great'ett&nt; the result of 'this humility and of the practical usefulness iof the> order that itpanedharm less through thbgreat convulsions that over threw so many other religious bodies. ;»Tfae picture of the interior van ; * Bdghinage is certainly of a kind to inflict no shock on the most sensitive Protestant feelings. We era ranch mistaken if it' will not afford valuable hints te those who ate labouring for the more general establishment of Sisterhoods in Eng .The chief of the Belgian Bdguinages'is tee larger Beggynhof of. Ghent, built for sssussist following scene presents itself, as described by the authoress of Ghacl in her new volume The Bcggynfiof:— "The Beggynhof is a miniature city within a city ; almost a toy-town enclosed with its own moated wall, and each house, secluded by a "walled fence, stands entre miu- ct jardin. In the centre of th« «= jardin. In the centre of the whole is what we .may term its village gre^n, hedged round by espaliers, and on it stands the well-proportioned old church. The streets are paved, and seem to lie in tranquil security beneath its protection. The exquisite order, neatness, ana cleanliness of all that surrounds ns—the harmony, cheerfulness, and decorum of the silent streets—the primness and quaint antiquity of the red brick facades, coped with white stone—the discreet indifference of those bright but irresponsive windows—in short, the general aspect of the place—irresistibly suggests .the idea of a Dutch toy. Of the houses which surround us, some are, so to 8peak, eremitical, mid others cenobitical in character; i e., some are appropriated to j four, three, _ and even two inmates, while , others contain sometimes as many as thirty, and are styled convents; these are uuder the supervision of a prioress, herself responsible to the Grande Dame. The Beggynhof con tains upwards of 100 of the smaller houses, and 18 of itbe larger or convent houses. One cannot but be struck by the analogy-it bears to a hive, and it is curious to feel the presence of a large community of human working-bees voluntarily submitting to the gentle and in telligent rule of one human queen-bee. The piece of ground on which this enclosure stands is the property of an hospice founded in very early times for superannuated women, ana the rents paid by the Beguines form the fund which supports it This hos pice, which contains 34G beds, is called 'Hospice des Vielles Femtrtea,' and stands near the entrance of the Beggynhof Each house, or convent stands on its own smalL bit of ground, the garden being behind, while in front is a small paved or gravelled court sometimes plantedt walled in on what we may call the 'street'side by a brick wall some five feet high, in which is a gate or door way. On this door hangs a plate or board, bearing the name not of the inhabitant, but of the saint to whom.the house is dedicated." On first joining the order, each Beguine has to live in one of the convents, but after six years' membership die may change into pne of the separate houses if she is thirty years old, and has proved worthy of confidence. She provides ner own board whether she is in a convent or aeepamte house, and in order that she may not fail in this, she must prove that she has a dear yearly income of £10 before she enters the order. The Beguins&e; at —- —- wguuiogo a Bruges, which is of a more aristocratic ordei requires each member to be able to pay th rent of her house, keep a servant, and main tain he) self without working for her liveli hood. But at Ghent the Beguines are ai industrious community. They perform th remunerative labour of making all their owi dothes, of mending and making lace, of fin washing, or doing ail kinds of fancy work, am of making confectioneiy. "The liqueurs am preserves they produce," says the authores above referred to, " are excellent, and thos who have fruit gardens in the neighbourhooi find it a good plan to send their truit to th Beggynhof, whence they receive it back con verted, at a very moderate charge, into jam: jellies, and marmalades, or if they prefer it crystallised; it returns to them in tastefull ornamented boxes, covered with those deli cate-cut papers of cobweb texture the art c manufacturing which seems confined to th religious orders." In many of the day-rooms there are stati ettes of St. Anthony, who is a favourite sun with the Beguinea bat their partiality fc him does not blind them to the necessity o keeping even mints in order., The anthora of The Beggynhof once saw this statuette lei outside on the window-sill when the snm was deep on the ground. She asked th reason, and was tola that the saint had bee refractory, that the Beguine who occupied th room had been patient and gentle with hit for some days; but finding gentleness had n effect in obtaining what she wanted. ment, The following is the scene in the chapel at vespers :— "At a given moment, and as if by unani mous consent, each Beguine threw back the heavy black skirt which enveloped her head, and drawing off the white linen faille beneath it which lay on the head in an oblong fold like the head-gear of a Neapolitan peasant, undoubted it with a rustling sound, which, multiplied by 600, was heard at the same moment in every part of the church; and as each shook out the square white drapery and veiled with it her kneeling form, the entire congregation, of which every figure but now had been black, was transformed, as if by enchantment, into white, and we seemed to have before us a plain strewn with a multitude of snowy hillocks. The effeot was magically solemn in such a place, and in the stillness of that dim twilight hour, when the mysterious semi-obscurity of the vaulted edifice was only relieved by the starry light of the distant sanct-lamp suspended before the altar. The motionless white pyramids kneel ing in silent devotion suggested a mysterious gathering of shrouded ghosts, among whom our presence seemed an intrusion. Presently the solemn notes of the organ pealed through the aisles, and all voices, of young and old, combined, to swell the song of praise, white the flickering wax tapers were lighted on the altar, and clouds of incense wafted their Players to heaven, adding their mystic effect to the almost unearthly Bcene. Benediction had been given,/ and we were yet gazing on the fantastic sight, when eaqji sister having extended her arms for a few moments in the form qa a cross, a repetition of the same ruBtlingwound as before startled us from our reverie ;Ve looked- hp, and in the twinkling of ian eye the failles had been removed, folded, and replaced, the (flack trains were drown up and thrown tfver them, and the snowy assembly, once more black as death, formed itself ipto double fiie, and, with Bolemn step, wended it*'way through the door like a count less procession of funeral mounters." Aproposaf these white garments, we are tola tbat a student kt Ghent played a most "itrous practicaljoke oh the Beguines. prtly Jbefora. vespers,m he slipped into the sacristyand filled the holy-water-stoup with ink. T)ie cute never noticed the change, and when the time for aspersion came he walked, calmly down the nave with eyes reused to hekven, showering the inky fluid over the knowing sisters. Great was their distress when they got home, and found their white drapery covered with such ominous splashes. We must say that our sympathy is entirely vrith the Btguines, andthatwB think the, should have turned his attention to a' gbody. We announoe, says the London Athenaeum, with pleasure, tw last performance this even ing of the burlesque, "Joan of Arc." We congratulate clever actors that their humili ation has ceased. We regret that the English stage has been disgraced hv ridiculing the ramimest woman that ever wore human torn, 