: ' Cnmsjftntet. 1 TO "J.S." (Per favour of the Protestant Standard.) " Our Church of England has omitted none of those offices wherein all the ancient churches were agreed, and where the British and Gallican differed from the Soman. Our Church has . Nor followed the Soman but the other, and therefore our Dissenters do' unreasonably charge us with taking our offices fronithe Church of Some.— Stilling- fleet. ' We arc told that the German natiob, in the time of Maximilian, exhibited ten grievances against the Church of Rome, out afterwards increased them to 100, by the name of the " Centum Gravamia." Whether "J. S." has taken a leaf out of their book or not, he certainly, every publication, multiplies the charges against the Church of England, from his first " of the Popish errors and absurdities of the Book of Common Prayer, Homilies, -Articles, See.," unto accusations of tyranny, inconsistency, divisability, cruelty, teach ing nonsense, jargon,, submission to tyrannical and Papistical monarchs; and possibly, before he has done, he may represent the Church of England as Anti- christ. \- What we started with, was the accusa tion made of the Popish character of the Articles, Homilies, and Prayer Book, and to this we ought to adhere, and not follow this random kind of attack, which seizes upon every circumstance, even to the manner' in which Fox and Coverdale were treated in their old age If thereby the Church of England can be damaged in public opinion, we are sorry to see such a spirit displaying an ungenerous feeling, and so turning the acts of individuals into charges against a large body of christians. We have, however, adopted the' motto above, to show how false the charge is that the Liturgy of the Church of England is Popish, whatever else it may be. Upon this quotation from Stillingfleet the histo rian Fry, observes — The Gallican Li turgy was introduced, it seems, into Eng land in the beginning of the fifth century, and is said to have been originally framed by Polycarp and Irenaous, long before Popery or any Pope existed. So it is as to the accusation of Popish rags or vestments, which Bucer, in the case of Bisbop'Hooper, showed that they might be called Canonical ; that the difference of garments bad not their original from the Pope, as may be shown from Ecclesi astical History." — Fry. Nay, that the Reformers, when the Book of Common Prayer was revised, again cast out several things which were used in the Primitive Church (not the Popish Church) which were unscriptural, (rather anti-scriptural) exorcism in baptism, praying for the dead, altars to be removed, and tables to be placed in their stead, obnoxious garments to be dispensed with, the bread in the sacrament to be given into the hand ' and not put into the mouth, &c.;, showing that the church did not even adopt things contrary to Scripture in the early church, much less from the much more recent period of Popery; This is, as Stillingfleet says, " the unreasonable charge our dis senters make with our talcing our offices from the Church of Some ." We would here illustrate, by reference to the absolu tion service, how mistaken the accusation is that that is Popish. First, then, absolution in the Church of Rome, or as it is otherwise called. Pen ance, is one of the seven sacraments of the Church of Rome, which the Church of England denies, xxv. Article. Next, the priest sits in the confessional as God — " because our Lord Jesus Christ, when he was about to ascend into heaven, left his priests in his place as residents or judges, to whom all mortal offences into which the faithful, might fall should be submitted, that they might pronounce sentence of remission of sins by the power of the keys." — Cramp. Thus the " declaration of the remission of sins is of a. judicial act in which sentence is pronounced as a judge.'— -Cramp. Where do we find the "Minister " in the Church' of England claiming to he in 'place of Jesus Christ, or sitting judici- ally ? In the Church of England, the clergyman sitsbs the minister— a man of like flesh and blood with - ourselves . Next, the absolution, is not judicial, but declarative. Next, the penitent in the Church of Rome is bound to rehearse in confession all mortal sins, after diligently examining of themselves. ' even though they should be of the most secret kind — to knowingly to conceal any sins present, nothing to divine goodness, to be forgiven by the . . priesi'."— Cramp. Where do we find this compulsory confes sion! int he Church of England .? " Here shall the sick man be ". mooed to make a speoial confession ' of his sins, if he feels, his conscience troubled with nnyweighty matter, after which, the priest shall ab solve 'him, fhe humbly and, heartily desire it, after this manner.". The confessional, is optional, and the absolution optional, while the words of the eonfessional are in the Romish Church, not. merely a con fession to God, nor even to the priest, but to Almighty God, to blessed Mary ever Virgin, to: blessed Michael, the arch-. , angel, to blessed John the Baptist, to the. holy apostles Peter and Paul, and to all. , the saints that I have sinned exceed ingly." After all (this Popish confession, not Church of England) the prieBts repeats the words.of absolution — " I absolve thee in the name of the Father, and of th6 Son, and of the Holy Ghost. — Garden of the Soul. We have said nothing here about " in tention," or that the Pope alone can ab solve the higher classes ' of the clergy — but the charge of the absolution in the Church of England beingPopish, is absurd, the differences are as wide as between God and .mortal men. Every priest, says Young, has access to the heart of every individual who is under his religious jurisdiction, and all are positively obliged to confess to him their most secret sins of which he is most deeply ashamed, that may ruin his prospects and might en danger his life," and this, we may add, under pain of eternal ruin at the will of the priest. Here we may rest our reply, or, as " J.' 8." modestly states, our " at tempt. But we are so amused with the old flourish of words which seem adopted as new by " J. S.,"— charges made and replied to during 200 years at least — that we cannot refrain from a few observations, although going over hacknied ground which has been bofore us at least sixty years of our life. The writer tells us that " the deacon, while authorised by the church to baptise, to bury, and to preach, nevertheless is not authorised to pro nounce absolution, or consecrate the bread and wine ;" and then says, " perhaps he (" S.") does not know ; well, we will help him." Truly no man is too old to learn j but we assure "J. S." we knew this full sixty years ago. - The writer reminds us of an old friend who did not read until he was somewhat advanced in life, and then as all history was a novelty to him, he was constantly quoting what had been whipped into us in our schoolboy-days, as something wonderfully new. The office of deacon is distinct, as " J. S." acknow ledges, and the Scriptures lay down, Acts vi., from presbyter. The office was to serve tables, a secular office to which they were ordained yet permitted to preach, and probably to baptise, though this is not laid down, and as for burying the dead there is nothing noted in the Scripture except that our Saviour said, "Let the dead bury the dead," therefore while the church, on Scriptural grounds, recognises the authority to preach, she does not re cognise the deacon as a presbyter. It is to be regretted that the deacon's office had not been kept as in the Congrega tional Churches intaot, as a secular office, as the Scriptures have laid it down, in stead of the clumsy substitution of church wardens. "J. S." says, "that "S." " attempts " to deny the doctrine of absolution." This is another perversion of the writer's words. So far from denying the doctrine of absolution, " S." makes it more general, in which, strange to say, "J. S." agrees, " that the most ordinary layman can, .on the authority of God's word, declare absolution and remission of sins to all who truly repent and believe;" and then exclaims "true, ' S.,' very true, on the authority of God's word, any layman can do this." Why then say that "S.", attempts to deny the : doctrine ? "But," says "J.S.," "does the Church of England authorize the most ordinary, layman to say to the dying man as in the visitation of the sick ?" We answer the question by asking does it forbid him ? Many of the most celebrated laymen; Sir Richard Hill, a whole host, the writer himself,, have in barns, high-ways, pro claimed remission .and forgivoness. of .sins, " that through his name, whosoever . be- lieveth in Him shall receive remission of sins.'— Acts x. 43. On a much higher authority .than the chureh can give, or, bishops dispense— the word of : God; so the limitation of the doctrine to the priest or presbyter is neither authorita- tively laid down . nor practised in. the Charoh of England. It is to be regretted that " J. S.," as a controversialist, is not better read up than he is. He disapproves of the xxvi. Article, that the effect of Christ's ordinance is not taken away by the wickedness of him who officiates ;" God forbid; 'that Christ's ordinances should depend upon the holiness of the minister! if so, what ordinances would have virtue or be bind ing? for where will he find a minister that is not a sinner, and what multitudes of ministers have been for years' officiating, who were afterwards discovered tobe privately hypocrites, drunkards, adulterers, and vicious, under the cloak of being ministers— as Colenso ? until he exhibited himself, was, on his own profession and declaration -that1 he was called >by the Holy Ghost; 'believed to be orthodox. God performed a miracle; that the stupid ass should' reprove the prophet; and Balaam himself, an avaricious man, was made the instrument, however wicked, of delivering one of the most remarkable prophecies in the Old Testament. The virtue of an ordinance to depend upon the virtue of a creature would indeed he to restrict the power of God; who has used the worst of men for bis purpose. Thus, Judas Iscariot, who carried the bag and associated with Christ and his Disciples, possibly preached the Gospel, at least sat with the other Apostles at the Last Supper, and was known to our Saviour that he would betray him, was in the ordination of God made the ;chief instrument in bringing about the sacrifice of Calvary. God overrules the wrath of man to his own glory. The objection that the absolution of the Church of England is Popish, whatever else it may Z>e, is unfounded; Indeed, the general cry that her Articles, Homi lies, &c.;, are Popish, can he disproved by their collating the creeds and doctrines of the two Churches which are essentially antagonistic. But " J. S." abandons his first charge of Popery, and says, " In the sense of the 20th Article, the Chureh is the reigning monarch and his privy council ; that the Articles and Liturgy, &e.;, were composed at the command and by the authority of the State, and forced upon the congre gation of faithful men ;" and elsewhere, " they are from the early councils and early church, the fathers." What a con glomeration of accusations. We are somewhat amused at our being recommended to pay attention to an ex tract from Locke, as apparently only applicable to the Church of England, as if she only has "narrowed Christianity down to hounds of her own making." Locke's condemnation includes almost all bodies of Christians that have written creeds, articles of faith, &c.;, and make these standards of Church fellowship. The very Nonconformists who fled from England, carried their standard so far,' as to imprison and flog the Brownites and Quakers. And passing over many such instances of this unfortunate and unchris tian temper, we would just quote from " " The Policy of the Primitive Metho dists," how strict and uncompromising the Wesleyan body has been, and the con sequent numerous schisms that have fol lowed. There are no less than ten or twelve divisions mentioned in this modern body — Primitive Methodists. The apostle of these travelled on foot, while John Wes ley rode on horseback, preached in canon icals, and visited the wealthy; as if the- one carried bis religion in his boots and the other in his saddle bags. The puerility of this distinction is pitiful. Thon we have Methodists new connection, Bible Christians, Wesleyan Primitive Metbo.dists, Wesleyan Reformers, United Wesleyan Free Church, Wesleyan Re form Union, &c.;, but why these divisions we; would ask? was it that some" travelled on foot and others on horseback. A Mr. O'Brien made a distinct section called Bible Christians. These in 1829, a late date, split in twain, through O'Brien's attempt to exercise extreme power ; a regular pope Pope O'Brien. Then cam® the Nonconformist, they separated about- theuse ofanorgan, in 1827, they having' opposed the legally authorised decision in erecting the said organ, although it does not appear they were guilty of any " corruption of doctrine, only fond of musio were expelled, , and hence this division! Then comes the Wesleyan Association. This branch was split from the Wesleyan Free Church, in 1834, by Dr. S. Warren, another apostle ; and so we may show that1 divisions, anil separations, and expulsions were not peculiar tq the Church of England, bnt ariw very often, from .the, "'ae and Wnity of men, whose over ; tearing spirit destroys for trifles, .christian fellowship and union. : Several of the . Nottoomfortnist's were excellent :meh, yet actually left the Church on account of the sign of the eross in : baptism, and' the wearing vestments, not on account of doctrine amongst our friends the Baptists. fThey split into various divisions, some lilto dipping, some sprinkling, some are -. <Open communion , and some no close that 4ne very minister who has preached to . -them, is not permitted to sit down at the Lord's table. "J.S.'Vwould do well to . dike a, wide view of these questions. It is l ;. dhe same spirit that asked our Saviour to call down fire from heaven ; only in the instance of the Church of England the . civil power had much to do with the ; snatter. ;-j ... But have the Primitive Methodists, the -purest and most modern: Church of all (?) mo creed, no . article of religion, no rule of discipline by which to bind men down to submission, or to expel dissentients. .We ' Mad of at least thirteen articles of faith, which we suppose have some binding efficacy, narrowing Christianity within , bounds of their own making, and which -the gospel knows nothing of. ! The principle of a condition is the #ame in all churches, although not en forced by civil authority, but by what is worse, ecclasiastical power ; au organ is snade the cause of expulsion. 'We must close this with the amusing inference drawn against the Church of England as displaying her tyranny that one Bishop Sheldon " of furious bigotry and weal," induced the king to carry out the miost disgraceful and wicked act — (the act of uniformity.) Wherefore, because of this furious bishop, the whole church is to .be saddled with promoting tho act, and inducing the' king to put it in execution, for. this is the whole drift of the writer. This logic is like Paddy s feather ; . bat anything to damage the Church of Eng land.- .Even the celebrated Dr. Newman as ,now' enlisted as a fit associate with " J.S." to degrade her. As for the references made to the vari ous authorities in the reigns of the Stuarts, &c; there was then a fierce contest carried on between Commons of England and the kingly powers in which religion was un- liappily mixed. "No Bishop ! no King!" was the Watchword. Episcopalians were oruel.; Presbyterians were cruel; Inde pendents wore cruel ; and Roman Catho lics sought for return to power. There were no Methodists in those days, other wise, perhaps, they would have set an ex ample of peace and union, which we have .shown was not their element. So that a fearful struggle existed of the various con flicting elements who would be supreme It is a 6ad and melancholy case of how little; real Christianity- existed amongst them, that the very spirit "of Popery leavened the whole of them. . That is the lesson we lern from that portion of history — a lesson not confined tb' England, or the Church of England, hut;, unfortunately, working in Germanyj which divided tho Reformers, split their ranks, and -made them weak, as a body. For our own parts we do not onjoy a re ference to this portion of history which exhibits the very worst passions of all denominations of religionists, but which seems so satisfactory to "J.S." It is an exhibition of human nature in its worst features, and we would say in the lan guage of Sterne, "We would wish the recording angel to drop a tear over it, and hlot.it out for ever," or, in the language of our Saviour, " Let him, that is with- -out sin, cast the first stone. We will pick up the remaining frng- xnents in our next. S. - P. S. —For armenian read arminian. 