FRIDAY, JULY 22, 1870. We are unselfish, enough, to share in the feeling of gratification expressed by the Sydney people at the refusal of their representatives at the 'Intercolonial Con- ference to tamper with the principles of commercial freedom. There can be no question that the interests of this port and of this colony are seriously preju- diced by the maintenance of a fiscal policy based upon the principle of pro- tection ; yet we do not know that we ought to desire a partial relaxation of that policy at the expense of a sacrifice by our neighbours of their settled convictions. Our Sydney correspondent assures us that in that city, as well as in the important port of Newcastle, free trade is something more than au English tradition or an econo- mic theory. It is interwoven with the interests of the people, and the metro- polis of New South Wales will be " the " last city of Australia in which free trade " will give up the ghost." It will be a great gain to the good cause to find one colony remaining unwavering in its alle- giance to sound maxims of commerce, and to a just and rational system of taxation, and reproaching its neighbours, by the vigour of its growth and the rapidity of its progress, for their perverse attach- ment to fiscal errors which are dying out in all other parts of the world. If the enterprise of the people of New South Wales is at all correspondent with the enlightened judgment of its rulers, we may anticipate a prosperous career and a great future for that colony. " It happens to be the interest of " Sydney," writes our correspondent, " to maintain itself as nearly as possible " in the position of a free port." The remark, mutatis mutandis, would equally apply to Melbourne. It is the interest of every producer to procure the raw material which, he fabricates, and the implements which he employs in the process, as cheaply as possible, both to reduce the cost of production to a minimum and to increase the sum of the commodity produced to a maximum. It is equally the interest of every con- sumer to obtain the largest possible measure of the necessaries and comforts of life, in their greatest variety, at the lowest cost. All these conditions exist where free trade prevails ; but they are disturbed or destroyed when the state officiously steps in, as it has done in this colony, and with a ludi- crous assumption of omniscience and despotism, undertakes to determine what industries ought to be pursued, and then proceeds to impose certain taxes upon all persons engaged in every other occu- pation, in order' that the exceptionally favoured industries may be encouraged and protected. Such an interference with the liberty of the subject, and such a robbery of the many for the gain of the few, has provoked discontent, and brought about revolutions, when it originated with arbitrary monarchs. But when it is effected under the authority of the unintelligent majority in a colo- nial Legislature, and its really pernicious operation is misrepresented by sophistical arguments, and promoted by the adroit stimulation of popular delusions, men acquiesce in the unwarrantable infringe- ment of their rights with a placid stupidity and a servile resignation marvellous to behold. The miner, for example, who wa3 restless and dissatisfied- until he pro- cured the repeal of the export duty of half-a-crown an ounce upon his gold, now submits without a murmur to be mulcted of at 'least 5s. an ounce by the operation of a protective tariff. In fact, we should be very much understating the matter if we as- sumed that the purchasing power of 85s. is no greater now with respect to all imported commodities than was that of 80s. seven years ago. Never- theless, the miner was cajoled into voting for protectionist candidates be- cause he was told that protection would draw away numbers of persons from mining occupations to engage in manu- factures, and that there would be more gold or higher wages for those who remained. We leave the miners themselves to say how far these ex- pectations havo been fulfilled or falsified. The operatives in this city and its suburbs, as well as in other large towns, were admonished not to murmur at the increased cost of the various articles of consumption derived froin abroad, because, under a protectionist tariff, everybody would find constant employment at high wages, and we should soon become independent of the hateful "foreigner." But, looking at the fact that the protected classes are crying out for moro protection, that the iron-workers and others are complaining that the industrial millennium promised by Mr. FEANCIS has not yet arrived, and that there is a more than usual amount of poverty seeking relief by pub- lic and private charity, we do not per- ceive that the tariff has either increased our resources or diminished our burdens. Its tendencies havo been in a diametri- cally opposite direction, as any man conversant with the history of protection in Europe or America might have confi- dently predicted they would be. We are like the monkey in the fable. We have Buffered Mr. FBAKCIS to excise our tail, and we have been endeavouring, through the medium of that skilful operator, to prevail upon our neigh lours to undergo a similar mutilation. They reply that they would rather not. The loss of an appendage, the prehensile capabilities of which are so serviceable, does not strike our neighbours as in any way desirable. New South Wales, in particular, prefers a state of nature to the sophisticated condition in which. Mr. FRANCIS has left us. If we prefer to, crawl when we might climb, that is our affair. The elder colony has no belief in the Franciscan theory, that you should maim a limb in order to enable you to run a race. New South Wales sees what free trade has done for England and what protection has undone for the United States. New South Wales looks at the commanding position of its prin- cipal port, remembers the commercial greatness and political importance of the Ilanse Towns, and of Genoa and Venice, and forecasting the future, re- solves to profit by their example and to be warned by our folly. If Victoria is not unwilling to listen to the dictates of common sense, and return to the safe, smooth path of free trade, which would conduct us to stable prosperity, New South Wales will be very happy to bear us company, and to travel hand in hand along that path. But if this colony, with the opinionated obstinacy and wrong headedness which ' belong to arrogant youth and inexperience, is determined topersevere in exhaustingitsstrength and bruising its feet in the dense jungle of protection, New South Wales prudently resolves to leave us struggling in the thicket, and to push on a-head herself. Who can blame her 1 ' The Public Library, henceforth to bo known under its enlarged title of the Public Library, National Gallery, and Museums of Victoria, is in process of transformation. The new trustees have brought with them new ideas, and the changes they are effecting are of so marked a nature as to call for more than passing comment. Considerable, and somewhat uncalled for, dissatisfac- tion was evinced at the method in which the old trustees administered the affairs of the Library, and it would seem that the lees of tho vial of wrath are about to be poured out on the heads of the new trustees who have taken charge of the whole institution. The public-always in a hurry-complain that as yet the cluster of buildings at the corner of Latrobe and Swanston streets has shown no outward and visible' sign of that inward and spiritual grace piesuinedly vouchsafed to it by the presence of its new presiding genii. Unfortunately, public institutions aro not, like ALADDIN'S palace, to be built in a night, and an organisation so compre- hensive as that which the trustees pro- pose to themselves can be but slowly accomplished. The idea of the l8 gentle- men who form the board of management of the institution is nothing less than to Lave in Melbourne a National Library, National Gallery, and Kensington Museum, all rolled in one. Lectures are to be delivered on science, arts, and manufactures. Pictures are to be pur- chased from the best artists, colonial or otherwise. The plaster- of-paris casts which now disfigure the entrance hall are to be replaced by the choicest pro- ductions of native and foreign talent, and while the Library is to be left to the care of its librarian as of yore, the various branches of art and science are to be under the control of gentlemen specially selected for their abilities and knowledge. In point of fact, instead of a library only, there will be three branches of a great national institute under one roof. The Library, presided over by its librarian, Mr. TULK, would naturally seem to form one portion ; the National Gallery and Schools of Art, under the control of M. VON GTJERAED, another ; and the Technological and Industrial Museum, superintended by Mr. NEW- BERY, makes the third. In addition to these three we have the National Museum at the University, which, hitherto under the solo guardianship of Professor M'COY, is placed by the new act under the control of the trustees. To organise such an institution as this is a task of moro than ordinary difficulty, and we look forward with some considerable degree of interest to the future proceedings of the executive hoard. Change of any nature in the working of any department which gives employment to a large number of per- sons is sure to be attended with com- plaint of injustice done to some of them, and it is sufficiently obvious that the trustees, in carrying out their projected design, will be exposed to adverse criti- cism, not only from the outside public, but from those who are immediately con- nected with the institution. They have, however, already put their hands to the plough, and instituted a fundamental change in the internal condition of the building. The National Museum is, we understand, to remain undisturbed at the University-the trustees allowing their desire to have all the branches under one roof to give way to the con- sideration of Professor M'COY.'S peculiar fitness as curator ; but both in the National Gallery and the Technological Museum the original condition of things hasbeen considerably altered. The master of the School of Painting-M. VON GUERARD-has been instructed to admit only such students as have already attained tolerable proficiency in draw- ing, and a quarterly feo of £2 has been "fixed as the prico of admission. Per- sons not desiring to study can copy pictures by obtaining permission, but the trustees, we observo, havo made a most necessary exception with refer- ence to works by colonial artists or pictures lent to the gallery, not permitting such pictures to bo copied unless permission has been pre- viously given by the artist or owner. The Technological Museum is also rapidly progressing in development. The great hall of the Exhibition-build- ing, better known as tho ballroom, sacred to so many gubernatorial recep- tions-is to bo filled with exhibits of industries, models of machinery, and specimens of minerals. The excellent collection of Mr. BROUGH SMYTH, which was formerly at the Mining department, has been already brought down, and will be arranged by an officer of the Mining department. The rotunda ad- joining the great hall is to be made a lecture-room, where the scientific superintendent, and Mr. ULRICH, the former Government geologist, will hold class lectures in illustration of their departments ; and it is further proposed to obtain the services of well-known lec- turers and literary men, with a view of malting the lecture-hall as popular as possible. Thus with a free library, a free lecture-hall, an industrial museum, and fine art gallery, under one roof, the Victorian artisan will have ample opportunities of self-instruction, and the Victorian admirer of penny read- ings and penny prints still less ex- cuse for his bad taste than he has at present. We put aside as invidious the intru Bive thought that such an institution is on somewhat too large a scale for the colony's present wants. It would be ungrateful to throw cold water on a scheme which has cost its projectors so much gratuitous labour. But we cannot but express a hope that they have fully considered the magnitude of the under- taking they have pledged themselves to carry on. A public libraryis well enough. With an efficient librarian and a mode- rate staff of well-selected assistants, it can be always kept level with the ad- vance of literature in a young colony ; but a library that combines museums, picture galleries, and schools of art and design, is quite another matter. Such an institution needs general organisa- tion, and expensive attention to detail. Scarcely is it sliaped but it must have a staff of lecturers, attendants, heads of departments, and secretaries. To effec- tually perform the work it sets out for itself, it must be always in possession of thö newest models, patterns, and designs, and keep up a constant correspondence with larger in- stitutions of a kindred character. Public opinion, always eager to assist at the apportioning of benefits bestowed gratis, will suffer no negligence of the trustees to escape its notice, and on the slightest deviation from what popular opinion will point out as the right course to be pursued, will vent its indignation in its usual independent and placidly unjust manner. We fear that the life of a trustee of the Public Library, National Gallery, and Museums of Victoria, will be anything but a bed of roses, and that its ofticials will not find the popular notion concerning the sublime idleness of all Government officers justified in their own case. The under- taking is a gigantic one, and it has been the fate of Victoria to ever commence, and never complete, gigantic monuments to her own greatness. The " bald and " dishonoured fronts" of our public buildings mock us as we walk-even the Library façade is but in process of com- pletion. We sincerely trust that tho work inside the building will not hang so long on hand as that outside has done. The trustees must either completely suc- ceed or fail altogether, for in such an undertaking as that in which they have engaged, partial success is reckoned complete failure. It de- pends upon the organisation thoy establish during the next few months if the splendid scheme they have adopted is to result in a practical benefit to the colony, by the perfection of a great national institution, or whether it will merely resolve itself into one of those beautiful but unreal visions which have beguiled so many Victorian patriots. Ttio Wonga Wonga arrived at Sydney at a lato hour on Wednesday night, and brings us later Californian and American news, and also many items of European intelligence wo had not before received. Tho latest date from San Francisco is June 10, and there are also telegraphic items from London, Livor pool, and Now York, of the samo day. As we had telegraphic advices from England by tho Suez route to Juno 12, and received them on the 2nd inst., it will bo seen that so far the Suez line has 21 days the advantage of the other service. The news brought does not contain any items of special importance. It would appear that amongst the indirect effects of the new route will be the opening up of a trado, of course of but limited extent, between Mel- bourne and Honolulu, as tbo Wonga Wonga brought as part cargo some Honolulu pro- duce, and two vessels wero chartered thero to load produce for this port. The prospects of tho Californian wheat crop had much im- proved, and tho yield will, itisnowexpected, be three-fourths of the average. The Select Com- mittee of Congress on Commerce had con- sented to recommend a subsidy to the Austra- lian steam serviggijon condition that an equal amount was cojgtributed by these colouios. The first passengers by the new routo had re- ceived a warm welcomo in Now York. Par- liament in England had read a socond time a bill to prohibit tho racing of two-year-olds, and some restrictions on betting wero talked about. Perhaps the most important item of the whole is, that the dogma affirming tho infallibility of the Pope has, after a violent debate, been adopted by tho (Ecumenical Council. A Fenian plot had been discovered in London, and some arrests made. In Canada an immense forest uro had swept over a great extent of partly settled country, and had caused a most lamentable amount of devastation. A letter from Mr. T. Carlyle, on tho ques- tion of the colonial relations, is printed in another column. In thought and style this epistle bears the impress of the individuality of the recluse of Chelsea pretty strongly. The writer "participates, and has long done, in patriotic sorrow, astonishment, and indig- nation, at the course our English Govern- ment has got into in regard to its colonies," "especially now, when the crisis here at home is growing stringont," "England's children perishing, soul and body, here in their choking, maddening, 'black hole of Cal- cutta,' with fertile continents of English land, in all regions of the world, calling to them, ' Come and till us, come and reap us ;' and the Government answering steadily, ' Impossible !' Seldom before in the history of the world was there seen such a spectacle." He looks on to the advent of a "veritable system of emigration, which salutary enter- prise would be the beginning of all manner of rational, just, and solid relations botwoon England and her colonies." Hie athletic sports which wore postponed on tho 1st July will take place on tho Mel- bourne Cricket-ground on Saturday, the 23rd inst. Chief among the events on tho pro- gramme are the seven miles walking match, for which the well-known pedestrians Messrs. Lyall and Woodhouse are entered ; a Hurdle Race, in which the Victorian champion, Mr. H. C. Harrison, will competa; and three races of 100 yards, quarter of a mile, and half mile, for tho Challenge Cup. Tho first of these (the seven miles walking match) will commence punctually at 1 o'clock. In accordance with an oxpressed desiro on the part of several football-players, the Sports Committco at one timo contemplated to alter tho time for the "drop kick,'' hut it was found that this could not be done as desired with due regard to the other events on tho programme. In order, however, to suit the convenience of certain gentlemen belonging to the Carlton and Albert-park Football Clubs, who aro engaged in matches on Saturday, they will be allowed to make their essays for this prize at a quarter-past 1. The circular racecourse has -been much improved under the care of Mr. Treen, and will be in very good order if no more rain fall. Tho usual accommoda- tion has been provided in the reserves, and in that for the ladies paths havo been formed to prevent tho inconvenience of walking through the wet gross as on tho last occasion. Competitors will have tho use of a dressing room at the back of the pavilion ; and, in short, every possible arrangement has been made for the convenience and comfort of spectators and competitors. Tho National Gallery will bo opened to the public this evening, at 5 o'clock. Tlio importation of draught stock to this colony from the old country still goes on prosperously. Last week no fewer than eight Clydesdale entires arrived in the ship Wim- mera, from London ; and yesterday live more wero brought out in the ship Olanranald, from Glasgow. This latter shipment is foi tho Messrs. Bookless, of Campbellfield, and the animals, the ages of which vary from two to five years, aro in superior condition. The names of four of the five horses are Black Prince, Molyneux, Mariner, and Scot- land's Champion. Great attention has been bestowed on thoir housing on deck, and moro than ordinary care has beoii taken of them by Captain Soden, on account of the absence of Mr. George Bookless, who was to havo accompanied them. They wero solected and shipped at homo by Mr, George Bookless, who had taken his pas- sage out by tho Olanranald, but who, most melancholy to state, while standing on the wharf on tho evening prior to the sailing of the vessel, accidentally fell into the Clyde and was drowned. What adds to the calamitous nature of the accident is the fact that Mr. Bookless had been only recently married when it happened. The deceased was well known amongst stock-breeders and dealers here, and was much liked amongst all who had business or social relations with him. - Amongst tho passongers yesterday hy tho ship Highflyer, from London, was the Kev. IT. N. Wollaston, of Trinity Church, East Melbourne, who returns to his charge after a sojourn in the old country. Mr. Justice Molesworth gave his decision yestetday in tho case of Nash and another v. The Queen, heard on Monday last. The peti- tion was filed by the assignees of selectors under Hie Land Act of 1802, to compel the Government to issuo the Crown grants for tho allotments. Tho Crown refused to issuo the giants unless the penalty of 5s. por acre for non-cultivation or improvement was paid. As the amount in dispute was large over £'1,000-the petitioners were not disposed to comply with tho demand. Fortunately for them they filed their petition a fortnight before the present Land Act was passed, which declared that tho penalty in such cases must bo paid beforo the grant was issued. His Honour held that tho present act did not apply to this case, and made a decree in fa. vour of the petitioners, without imposing on them tho necessity of paying tho 5s. per acre. Tho Criminal Sessions were brought to a close yesterday, when all the prisoners who had been remanded for sentence had their punishments awarded to them. Mr. Supple, pending the decision of the Full Court as to whether the verdict of the jury amounts to one of murder or manslaughter, has of course not been sentenced. In the Hotham murder case, the prisoner Patrick Smith was sen- tenced to death, tho Chief Justice tolling the unhappy man that there was no pro- spect of his life being spared, and urging him to prepare for death. George Wood, a lad of only 17, yvho pleaded guilty on tho first day of the sittings to tho commission of an outrage upon a girl under 12 years of ago, at Glenhope, near Kyneton, had sentence of death recorded, against him, but his life is to bo spared. Thomas Webb Draper, for de- frauding the Commercial Bank by making false entries, received a sentence of threo yeais' imprisonment in addition to the punish- ment ho is now undergoing ; and Daniels, who had pleaded guilty to appropriating the sum of £1,010 which had been paid to him as deposit clerk of tho Oriental Bank, was sentenced to four years' imprisonment. Garotters may take warning from the manner in which Bourke and Moore, who attacked an old man named Harvey in Little Bourke street the other day with the intention of robbing him, were dealt with. His Honour declined to order flogging, which, under the act, he had power to do, as he considered that kind of punishment had an hardening effect upon criminals ; but he intimated at the same time that these offences were not to be committed with impunity, and sentenced the prisoners to 10 years' hard labour on the roads. George Black, a master mariner, with regard to whoso character for truthfulness and honesty a number of commercial mon of standing gave tho most favourable testimony, was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment on a charge of perjury ; and John A. Calla- ghan, whose previous good character was also testified to by several witnesses, received a sentenco of three years' imprisonment for fraudulent insolvency. The Court adjourned sine die. At the meeting of the committee of tho Benovolcnt Asylum held yesterday, it was agreed that tho secretary should be allowed to retain his office until tho end of tho present year. A majority of the committee had pre- viously decided that tho secretary should de- vote his whole time to the duties of his office, but as ho could not do so ho wrote yesterday asking to bo allowed to hold office to tho end of the year, and the request was complied with. A letter was also received from tho Under Treasurer notifying that £9,000 had been granted by. Parliament towards tho funds of the institution. At tho eleventh annual meeting of tho Vic- toria Insurance Company yesterday a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, was declared, and the retiring directors and auditors wero re elected. A brigade order, published in another column, notifies that the court of inquiry appointed to investigate the matters con- nected with the Emerald-hill Corps of Volun- teer Artillery, will sit in the Orderly-room, Emerald-hill, at half-post 11 this morning. | It will bo for all members who wish to appear beforo the court to state their desire in writing through the medium of their com- manding officer. A young man named Charles Clarko, a compositor by trade, appeared beforo tho Fitzroy Police-court yesterday charged with committing an assault on his wife. Tho woman stated that her husband refused to support her, and treated her so cruelly that she determined to go to service, and, as she was almost barefoot, asked him for tho prico of a pair of boots. Ho rofusod, and beat her in a brutal manner, giving her a pair of black eyes. When before the Court she did not wish to press tho charge, but the magis- trates said that this offence was of much too common occurrence in Fitzroy, and they would do thoir best to put a stop to it. Clarko was sent to gaol for a week, and as ho was understood to bo able to carn £3 por week, his wife was informed that she could sum- mon him to contributo to her mainten- ance. A brutal and cowardly assault was com- mitted on a Mrs. Baldwin, wife of a painter in Carlton, on Wednesday, by a man named lîobert Farrington. Mrs. Baldwin, who is a young woman, was leading a "orso belonging to her husband from a stablo in Swanston street, when tho man accosted her, and told her to givo the horse up to him. She ro I fused, whereupon ho kicked her violently in the lower part of the abdomen. Thiä ill-usage had the effect of occasioning a [ fit, apparently hysterical in its character, , duriug which the complainant was so violent that it required forco to keep her still. She felt tho pains for some time afterwards, but contrived to get home, though her friends wished her to go to the hospital. Tho man was arrested in an hotel, and brought before the City Court yesterday, when tho above facts were disclosed. As a boy, said to be a material witness, was not present, tho case was postponed till to-day, tho prisoner being allowed bail. The case which has boen talked of to a con- siderable extent for somo days past, in which a sharebroker was unpleasantly concerned, assumed a definito form at the City Court yesterday, when E. R. Daunt, sharebroker, was charged with fraudulently converting to his own use 32 shares in the North Gipp3 Land Company, entrusted to him by O. R. Lecky, another sharebroker. Tho cvidenco for tho prosecution showed that Lecky had employed Daunt on commission to effect tho discounting of two bills, and had entrusted him with the shares, to be handed over to the discounters as collateral security for the payment of the bills when they should become duo. Only ono bill was dealt with in the caso in court, viz., ono for £80, for which 12 of the 32 shares were deli- vered as collateral security. The value of tho shares nearly doubled before tho bill arrived at maturity, and tho defendant took up tho bills without authority, and, obtaining the shares, sold thom at great advantage to him- self at the increased price. When asked for tho shares he made several'offers, which were declined, but ultimately ho and Lecky signed an agreement, which, however, had not been carried out. This agieenient proved fatal to the prosecution, in consequence of its making tho matter by its wording one of civil con- tract, so that the criminal charge fell to tho ground. In dismissing tho case on this tech- nicality Mr. Sturt, P.M., said that the caso verged so closely upon the criminal that ho was not surprised at tho proceedings taken by Lecky. Suspicions have been excited that another suicido has been committed by drowning in the Yarra. Yesterday, a porson named Par- kins, when walking along the south bank of tho Yana from Richmond to Melbourne, picked up a new felt hat lying in a lino with Stephen-street. A picco of paper on which was written, " Don't mako any mistake, I'll drown myself-JOHN O'DONNELL,," was found inside the hat. Mr. Hdwards, boatbnildcr at Princo's-bridge, observing footsteps to tho water's edge, diagged the river till half past 5 o'clock in tho afternoon with two others, but no indication of a body was obtained. Tho footsteps leading from the hat to the water wero apparontly those of a man. A young man, of 24, named John O'Donnell, stopping at tlieSablonni.ro Hotel, Queen-street, has been missing since 7 o'clock yesterday morning, and it is feared that he has drowned himself, and that the hat be- longed to him. He had been writing letters recently of a desponding tendency. He is described as Cft..7in. high, with light brown hair and beard. Ho wore a dark tweed coat and trousers, double-breasted vest, Wellington boots, and a hat similar to that found on tho bank. Yesterday a man named Alfred Mellish, em- ployed by Messrs. Moss, White, and Co., to- bacco merchants, in Queen-street, was arrested by Detective Forster on a charge of stabbing Michael Wolf, a fellow employé. The cause of tho offence is said to be a quarrel botween the two men existing for some time, which culminated in a disputo yesterday morning, during which Wolf, irritated at a romark relativo to his domestic affairs made by Mel- lish, struck the latter with his fist, whereupon Mellish stabbed him, but not seriously, in the side with a knife used in his cigar-making operations. A man named Mark Howard was arrested yesterday by Detective Brown, charged witli embezzling certain moneys which ho had col- lected for Wm. Oddy, a storekeeper at Gray- town, Spring Creek. At an inquest held yesterday on tho body of Isaac Holland, the plumber at Brunswick who committed suicido by cutting his throat on Wednesday morning, tho jury found that deceased was of unsound mind when ho de- stroyed himself. Ho had been for several years tho victim of illusions. The remains of a boy named Richard O'Connor, late of H.M.C.S. Nelson, wero de- posited in tho Williamstown Cemetery yester- day afternoon. Tho deceased, who was only II years of age, died on tho previous day of low fever, having been in a precarious state for some time. The body was conveyed by train to the North Williamstown station, and was afterwards carried by soveral of the boys of the Nelson to the cemetery, the band of tho vessel playing the Dead March in Saul. A meeting of gentlemen favourable to tho holding of a winter steeplechase mooting in Geelong was held last evening. It was first intended that the races should have boon held on the 17th August, but the meeting, talcing into consideration tho stato of tho course from the lato rains and tho uncertain weather, decided upon a postponement until the end of Soptember. No further business was done, owing to the small attendance, and another meeting is called for this evening. "An attempt to garrotte a well-known citizen, Mr. Isaac Dean, auctioneer, of Arm- strong-street, was," says tho Ballarat JUveniny Mail, "made openly and boldly at an early hour on Wednesday night, in Sturt-street. Mr. Dean was walking up Sturt-street, and when by tho fence of the Catholic Chapel, the time being 7 o'clock in tho evening, a man came up beside bim, threw his arm round his ncck.puthis.kneoup, and throw bim on to his back. Mr. Dean struggled, and called out, and a friend who was in the locality coming up to tho spot, the ruffian ran away. Mr.Dean then found that his watchgard was broken, but the garrotter had been foilod in his in- tention to rob." A meeting was held yesterday at the offices of the water commission, Ballarat, for tho purposo of securing that the Ballarat district should be adequately represented at the Inter- colonial Exhibition to bo hold at Sydney. Tho mayors of Ballarat East and Ballarat West had convened the meeting, which was numerously and iniluontially attended. After an explanation from Mr. G. C. Levey, the secretary to tbo Victorian commissioners, of the arrangements under which exhibits could bo forwarded to Sydney, it was determined to appoint a local collector, at the cost of the two borough councils, to further the objects of the meeting ; and Mr. Wainowright was elected to tho office. Amongst the other circumstances to regret in connexion with the leak at the Malmsbury reservoir — the public distrust in the exe- cution of the water supply scheme, and the loss of a season's gathering of water — is also the damage and danger occasioned all down the Coliban river by the enormous volume of water set loose. On Monday last, as we see by the Riverine Herald, "the very unpleasant and unexpected intelligence reached Echuca that at Runnymede the water was higher than it was at its highest in 1867, and that many persons were being driven from their dwellings along the course of the Campaspe. At sunset the flood had not reached Echuca, but shortly after dark it was apparent that the waters were gaining on the flats, and at about 10 o'clock they had risen to a higher level than they have yet attained this season. From that time they rose slowly but surely during the whole night, and in the morning the flats presented a sight such as has fortu- nately been seldom seen on them during the past 20 years. A considerable subsidence had been taking place for the previous two or three days, and people were beginning to entertain strong hopes that we should be tolera- bly free from the storm waters by the time the snow begins to meit and flow down the Murray. It was with anything but gratification, then, that the Melbourne papers of Monday informed us that during the past week some 25 feet of water had been let out of the Malmsbury reservoir, which was now pour- ing gradually upon us. This prodigious volume is now finding its way down the Campaspe, aud has done a considerable amount of mischief in the districts higher up to the cultivated ground and the habitations in the valley of the river. At Runnymede and Rochester the water has been higher than it has ever been known to be before. On Tuesday, several persons at Echuca had to shift from their dwellings, and a great part of High-street was under water; at the same time there was every appearance of approaching heavy rain, and there was no escape, apparently, from a large amount of loss and suffering. Tuesday night, however, was clear, the heavy clouds having disappeared. The Murray has risen at the wharf several inches, having been backed up by the extraordinary flood in the Campaspe. The height by the wharf gauge is 31ft. 9in., but a mile above the river is several inches lower. It is consolatory to know that the Murray is lowering rapidly at Wahgunyah, and it is said the water had begun to fall on Tuesday in the Campaspe at Rochester." The Herald adds :- "Just as we were about to go to press, at half-past 2 on Wednesday morning, we learned that the water had taken a turn, and was rapidly receding from the flats." The arrival of the Tararua puts us in pos- session of soveral days later news from Now Zealand. The debate on the financial scheme of Mr. Vogel was still proceeding. The loan proposal meets with strong opposition. It is thought possible that tho decision on the scheme may bo postponed till after the elec- tions. An amendment calling upon the Go- vernment to agree to such postponement had been proposed. Mr. Vogel stated that the Government did not intend to bring in a special act to legalise the San Francisco mail contract with Mr. Hall, or make permanent appropriation for the servico, but would leavo the subsidy to bo voted annually, and to bo discussed on the voto. At Napier, intelligence had been received that Hora To Topo, prin- cipal chief of tho Uriweros, and tho remainder of the Whakatoheas at Opotiki, numbering 40, had surrendered. To Kooti is said to havo only two or three Chatham Islandors with him. A store at Aotea had been plun- dered by Hau-haus undor kingite chiefs, whether with the approval of the [king party or not was not known. II.M.S. Rosario had returned from the Bounty Islands, lying to the eastward of the Auckland Islands. Cap- tain Palmor reported that no indications of wrecks wero to bo seen on the islands, which wero more barren rocks. Ho took formal possession of them in tho name of Her Ma. jesty. Tho return of the Blanche from tho Auckland Islands was daily expected. Tho schooner Dapbno, with two boats' crows ad- ditional, left the Bluff on the 11th for tho Auckland Islands, on asoarch expedition for the six men belonging to tho Daphne who were recently lost thero in a boat. Earth, qualco shocks, slight in their character, had been felt at Wellington and Nelson. Captain Reid, master of the Brothers, was drowned off Mokomoko by the copsizo of a boat. A petition had been presented from Major Kemp, asking for the roleoso of tho Maori prisoners now in Dunedin, and for their being placed under his charge. Com- plaints wore mndo in Otago of the want of punctuality of the San Francisco mail servico. The last Suez mail brought scarcely any ling lish letters or papers, all being sent val San Fiancibco unless specially directed for tho other route. The cost of tliol proposed dry dock at Auckland was estimated at £150,000. The Fiji Cotton Company recontly projectod at Auckland had boon successfully formed ; the pioneer vessel of the compouy|was shortly to leavo for Fiji with stores. Some scraps of Fiji news are contained in tho New Zealand files. Tho Fiji Times notos that "somo ship stores have been washed ashoro at Yasawas during the last month We hopo nothing serious has happened to any of our shipping." The same journal mentions that " King Cakobau's legions, after a detention of some days in Levuka, took their departure for Solevu in the Joan nie Duncan and Vivid, and sovorol largo war canoes aro to follow as soon as possible. The all seemed well accoutred and ready for tho fray ; however, wo hoard a wag (an old resident) say that he expected moro pigs than men would ho slaughtered." A crop of rico planted by a sottlor had boen successfully gathered, and that coreol wos likely to ho grown moro largely. Tho primitive state of things thero has to bo borne in mind on roading such a para- graph as this in tho "loading journal" of the placo :-" Mr. Towson, to whose energetic management of tho Post-oflico we somo time ago certified, will perhaps treat our reporter with politeness on the noxfc occasion ho may find it convenient to attend tho Post office, for our reporter informs us that on tho last occasion business took him there ho ' felt rather pugilistic when the Liliputian posttnastor wished to put him out of tho office."' Progress, however, is evidently making way thore. Tho plant for tho manufacture of "aerated wators" had been imported, and the sodawater of civilisa- tion would soon bo a reality. The Times else- where says,-"More than 100 new arrivals havo scattered themselves amongst us during the last two or three weeks, and steam engines, gins, horses, ploughs, and native labourers aro all in groat demand. Tho continued rains may mako the picking season a little later, but tho plantations aro looking hoalthy, and are not only many moro in number than last year, but much larger in extent. The export of cotton is increasing ropidly, and tho settlors are generally well satisfied with thoir pros- pects. Thoro is, howovor, a ' fly in the oint- ment,' the want of a strong and settled form of government. The protection of tho British flag is earnestly desired, and in the meantirao the settlors aro taking counsel together as to tho best way of giving security to lifo and property while the memorial to tho British Government is undor consideration." The vote of Mr. Richardson, M.L.A., on July 5, against tho clausoin Mr. Gt. P. Smith's bill for granting licences to vendors of colonial wine, has occasioned considorablo surpriso in Geelong. Mr. Richardson, as the representa- tive of tho largest wino-produoing district in tho colony, can hardly ho said to havo had tho interosts of his constituents in viow whon he voted against this clause, anditisprobablo ho will bo called upon to oxplain his reasons for voting as ho did. The extraordinary sizo to which the ordi- nary gorden vegetables can bo forced by high cultivation is fully shown by a sample of tho caiTots known as " James's intermediate" now oxhibited at Messrs. Law, Somnor, and Co.'s establishment, Swanston-streot. Theso j carrots wero grown by Mr. William Wood- j mason, of Malvcm-bill, and thoy aro of such extraordinary proportions, that the 17 brought in yvcigh over one cwt. Mr. Woodmason is one of tho most successful high farmors in Victoria, and his produce is generally the finest sold in the Melbourno market. It is a very common thing on his farm for cabbages to weigh over 201b. Engogemcnts have, wo understand, been entered into by virtue of which Mr. Hollor, pianist and wizard, is to tako a prolonged professional tour through New Zoaland. Ho will bo accompanied by Mr. R. S. Sroytho as his agent. Thero was a modorato attendance at tho 1 Princess's Theatre last night. Tho play of " Mary Warner" was repeated, and rocoived with the usual demonstrations of satisfaotiqr*.. The absurdities in thd police- dourt scene havo been developed until it nearly approaches burlesque. The play will be produced for the last timo this evening, and on Saturday night Mrs. Gladstane will appear as Queen Elizabeth, in tho historical play of that name. Considering the unfavourable state of the weather last night, there was a very fair at- tendance at Weston's Opera-house. Tho same programme was retained as on the pre- vious evening, with the exception of the sub- stitution of Rice's ever-fresh burlesquo sketch "Tho Virginia Rosobud" for tho extrava- ganza "Turn Him Out." Tho Treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges the receipt of £5 from Mr. J, C. Pirani, for Mr. Charles Cavenagh, in ac- knowledgement of services rendered. The Sisters of Mercy acknowledge the fol- lowing îeccipts in aid of St. Vincent do Paul's Orphanage :-£25, bequest of tho late Mrs, Elizabeth Crosbie, St. Kilda ; and a quantity of good secondhand clothing from Mrs, M'Coniskey, widow of the late Mr. P. M'Coniskey, Richmond. We have received from Mr. Mayal!, photo- grapher, Collins-street east, two very excellent photographs, carte-do visito size, of Mr. Disraeli. Admirers of Lolhair who wish to mako themselves acquainted with the features of tho distinguished author of that novel, cannot do better than possess themselves of this photograph. A tea nicotine;, followed by a musical soirée, was held on Wednesday evening in the M. U. hall, Brunswick, in celebration of the thirteenth anniversary of tho Loyal Rose of Brunswick Lodge. P.G.M. Whitby pro sided at tho soiree, and the numerous au- dience were warm in their applause at the singing of Mr. Dwight and the Misses Earl and Sheppard. The Williamstown School of Design still con- tinues tobe very successful. On Thursday ovon ing thoro wero 81 pupils present, and of thoso 17 were ladies. The classes wero conducted as follows : - Messrs. Blom and Inglis, free- hand drawing ; Mr. Ramsay, mechanical draw- ing ; Mr. Egan, jim., geometry ; and Mr. Bielde, arithmetic. Messrs. Piper, Sutton, nnd Woodroffe, as committeomen, pay every attention to the requirements of the masters and pupils. The lionorary treasurer of the Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution acknowledges tho following sums received in aid of tho main- tenance fund :-Per Collector-Charles Wil- son, £1; W. Peterson and Co., £1 Is. ; R. M'Dougall, £1 Is. ; Malleson, England, and Stewart, £2 2s, ; Harris and Mathows, £1 Is. : Greig and Murray, £1 Is. ; J. J. Marshall and Co., £1 Is. ; M'Geo and Co., £1 Is. ; Joseph Wobstor and Co,, £1 Is. ; Dickson, Williams, and Co., £1 ; Wilson, Crosbie, and Co., £1 Is. ; Webster Brothers, £1 Is. ; G. G. Allen, £2 2s. ; Edward Latham and Co., £2 2s. ; Rev. Dr. Bromby, £1 Is. ; Rev. C. S. Perry, £1 Is. ; G. and G. Shaw, £1 Is. ; J. S. Ogilvy, £1 Is. ; Rev. S. L. Chase, £1 Is. ; Edward Keop, £1 ; John Twycross, £1 Is. ; Crouch and Wilson, £1 Is. ; Bell, Bruce, ana Co.. £lls. ; D. Masterton and Co., £lls. ; J. A. Smith, £1 Is; R. Kerr, £1 is.; A. Woolley and Co., £1 Is.; Presbyterian School, South Yarra, £112s. Od. ; Dalrymplo Brothers, 10s.; L. Stevenson and Sons, £2 2s. Per honorary secretary-John Thomson, Keilam- bete, £13 j Shire Council, Berwick, £2 10s. Per superintendent-Mrs. Maugham (per Mr. Nolan), 2s. Od. Total, £öl 4s. The superin- tendent also acknowledges a tiuantity of periodicals and illustrated papers from tho Parliament Library, a clock from Messrs. Walsh Brothers, and a parcel of carden seeds (value, £2 14s.) from Mr. D. B. Railton. 