"THE ' TWELVE DAYS'. 2iriSSiOE. - 'A Grand rcA-iA'al mission of the Ritualistic churches in London and suburbs came to a close on AVednesday evening last, avhen in several churches there Avas a solemn ceremonial, called " the reueAval of baptismal vows." A special form of service had been prepared. It.consisted of one of the forms of confession in the prayer- book,- and a hymn, after ' Avliicli the officiating clergyman asked the congregation some of tho questions and ansAvers to he found .in the bap- tismal and coiihi-niatioii services, tO Avlnch the people present replied, " I do," and " I aa-ill," ina hearty and solemn manner. A guide to confession, avith prayers to be said before and after, is contained in the " Book of the Mis sion," wliich. Avas published under the authority of the clergy, and sold for a penny at the doors of all the churches. 'Tlie most imposing of all the demonstrations appears to have taken place in the already celebrated St. Albau's, Holborii, under the spiritual guidance of tho Rev: A.- H.' Mackonoohie. The service, hoAvever, Avas con-: ducted by the Rcal S. W. O'Neill, of the society of St. John, at CoAvley. The following has been published by authority of the "mission." sijcicikstioxs for RbVERENT and devout Confession. " L Before confession.— -1. To luwe Sot times. 2\. Frecjucnt. 3. Carefully to examine your ; conscience. 4. Got rid of all uncharitable thoughts or feelings. 5. Make a good act of : conti'itinn. II. Faults in Confession.— I. Excusing your self. : 2. ; Mentioning the faults of others. 3., Or the names of those Avho have wronged or iujiu-ed you. Introducing matters Avliich do nob concern the ' confession, or eAren speaking of Avorldly things. 5. Telling your own good Avorks or pious practices. l>. Making your con fession needlessly long. III. After confession. — 1. Thank Josii3 for his precious blood, by Avliich your soul has been cleansed and washed. 2. Do yburpomvnce Avitli-' outj delay and regularly. ' 3. Renew your pur poses of amendment. 4. Do not think- again of or brood over, the sins you have confessed, o. Do not mention, to others what, you have confessed, or your penance, or Uie priest's advice, to you, or your oavii resolutions. ' 'You are in a measure as much bound to bo -silent as the priest about Avliat has passed in confession. (>. Do not imagine that the priest Avill 'think liadly of-yon because ho knoAvs about your sins. Ho himself goes to confession, and remembers that his oavii sins are knoAvn by another. ' l-'or.m of confession. The person Avisliing to confess ivill kneel doAvii by the side of the priest and any; " Fathcr giA-e me a blessing." The .Priest The Loi-d he "in thy heart, and on thy lips, that thou may est rightly: confess all thy sins. Then' let the penitent tell hi3 "sins, saying: " T. confess to God Almighty, .Father, .Son; anil Holy Ghost, beforb the Avhple company of Hea- A'en, and to you, my father, that 'I. have sinned very much, in thought, Avord, and deed, tlirough my oavii grievous fault. Especially. I accuse myself, since my last confession, Avliicli was here mention Iioav long it is since your last' confession ago of the sins of (so many) times," &c.;, here mention the number of times as nearly as you uau recolleofc,' of falling into each sin. When you have confessed all the sins yon can remember, answer guielly anil fully any question the priest nrny ash ;//om, and then . say : " For these, and all my other sins Avliicli I cannot iioav remember, I am hoartly sorry, I firmly pnipose to amend, and I humbly ask pardon of Almighty God, and of you, niy spiritual father,1 penance, counsel, and absolution'; wherefore I beg you to pray for me to tho Lord our God. " Then listen carefully and silently to any advice the priest may give you, and , above aU, to the ppenatwe he imposes "upon you, Avliicli it is avcII, if possible. fco avi-ite dov/n diroctly you go to your place in tlie Church. Remain kneeling humbly and, hopefully until the priest' gives you absolution. After -which' say a short prayer, such as, " 0 Saviour of the Avorld, AVlio by Thy cross; and precious blood has redeemed its, . save and help mo, I humbly beseech Thee, O Lord," and go iiito the church to make your thanksgiving. A\'oid, if possible, talking to anybody on any 'subject Avhatever, until you have thanked and blessed God for all his mercies to you; in Avashing aiid - cleansing your soul in the Precious Blood of His dear Son, aiul for having allowed you to lay your, sins at the foot of the cross, and for having alloAved you pardon and grace iu absolution. Note. — If; the penance Avliicli the priest gives you is one that you cannot perform, humbly aslc hini to cliange it, and mention tlie reason Avliy you are unable te fulfil it .—Liverpool Herald. - . D iv rsioN in the Priestly Came. — The power of the Romish priesthood in Ireland has been broken by the Fenian jnovemeiit.: . .The scholars of sedition haiM outstripped" the teachers. The Irish correspondent of the Times says on this point Those who possess in fluence over the people, such as the Roman Catholic clergy, are diA-ided into two parties, the younger men tolerating the revolutionary notions of the people, and tlie older and more moderate finding themselves unable to stem the torrent of democracy, lashed as it is from a state of torpor into ono of fierce excitement." Put into plainer terms, young priests swim on Avith tho stream of sedition, while the old and cautions ones arc borne along by it 1 