PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL., TUESOAY, MAY 17. The PRESIDENT took tho chair at 10 minutes past( four o'clock. THE noN. w. j. T. OLABKE'S ABSENCE. The PRESIDENT stated that ho had ro ccived a letter from tho Hon. Mr. Clarke. The totter was read. It contained a re- quest by Mr. Clarice for two months' leave of absence from his Parliamentary duties ia conseqnenco of continued ill-health. Air. Clarke also apologised for not having pre- viously mado application, but stated that tho omission was entirely owing to his severo illness. Mr. CAMPBELL moved,-"That tho leavo of absence should bo granted." Ho said ho understood that if Mr. Clarko's health did not improvo hu meant to resigu. Mr. PETTETT.-Ho can find his way to the bank. The motion was carried. NON-ItUSIDBNTIAL QUALIFICATION. Mr. PETTETT asked whether it was in- tended to insist that no selector under tho Land Act of 1805 should have tho benefit of tho rent as part of the purchase-money unloss he had resided on his allotmout? Mr. A'BECKETT replied that it was tho opinion of tlie present law officers that tho present act did not make it compulsorily requisite that persons should resido on thoir allotments, and a selector might obtain his Crown grant without performing the condi- tion of rcsidonce. QUOllUMS OP SHIltE COUNCILS. Mr. SIMSON, in the absenco of Mr. Robort son, called tho attention of tho lion, tho Commissioner of Trado and Customs to a deftet in tho new Shires Statute in not providing for tho conduct of business whon . a council consisted of six mombers un- less all wore present, and asked whether tho Government would introdv.co a short hill this Ecssion to romedy the omission, and also to ratify tho acts of individual mom- bers of shiro councils placod in that position since tho cessation of tho Local Government Act, No, 370, so far as related to shires. Mr. T. T. A'BECKETT replied that it waa tho intention of tho Government to bring in a bill for tho purposo mentioned this session. That bill was now being drafted, and ho trusted it would bo ready in a day or two. THE STANDING 011DEK9. Mr. ANDERSON moved that the Hon. T. T. A'Becltctt should bo appointed a mpmbor of tho Standing Orders Committee for this session. , Tho motion was agreed to. UlSUOnAMON KEQULATIONS. Mr. A'BECKETT, with tho leavo of tho House, laid on the table a communication from the Governor containing directions to suspend tho operations of tho immigration regulations until further orders. THE SCAB BILL. Mr. T. T. A'BECKETT moved the second leading of the Scab Bill. Ho said ho had no doubt every member of the House was pre- pared to do his best to assist in tho passing oE a bill which would promoto tho eradication o£ &cab; in sheep, and ho was quito sure ho might count on their assistanco in passing the mea- sure then before the Houso. Tho bill, ho bo lieved, would bo found to bo a great improve- ment on the present act, winch it was to repeal. It proposed to divido tho whole of tho country into districts, and to assign to each district a scab inspector. Tuero would bo a chief inspector in Melbourne and it was pro- posed that tborc should bo boards of advice ap- pointed by the Governor in Council for each district of not less than tbroo mombors. Thoso boards would bo in communication with tho inspector, and would bo consulted on all im- portant matters having refoienco to tho act. It would bo tho duty of each inspector to koop a strict watch on tho district ho was appointed for, so that ho might detect any outbreak of scab, if any happened. Ho would havo to moko a report every thrco months to tho chief inspector. Those roports would bo published every thrco months in tho Go- vernment Gazette, so that the condition of tho country with reforenco to scab would bo por fectly well known. In tho cvont of scab break- ing out in any district tho roports would havo to DO sent in monthly, and tho inspector and the board of advice would bo in constant con- sultation and communication so long as scab existed in the district. Tho boards of advico would havo no absolute power-thoy would bo merely a consnltory board. It would not be compulsory on tho inspector to follow tho advico of tho board, but if ho declined ho was bound by tho 11th clauso of the act to state his reason, which was to bo transmitted to tho Minister, when ho was liable to a fino of £20 if ho had not good grounds for refusing to carry out tho advice of tho board. Tho inspector would be enabled to visit any part of a station, in order to seo whothor scab existed, and there was a penalty imposed on any peisou endeavouring to provont his doing so. Owners of sheep would bo allowed to keep scabby sheep for three months, on condition of their applying tho proper reme- dies. Aftor that time, and up to six months from the dato of their being pronounced scabby, 3d. per[hcad would havo to bo paid for them. From six months to nine months Gd. por head would havo to bo paid, and from ninó months to 12 months, 9d. por head would bo tho chargo. If tho sheep wero not cured in 12 months, thoy might bo destroyed. Infected sheep would not bo allowed to travol, and no sheep woro to be allowed to travel over any other person's run without l8 hours' notico being given to the ownor of tho run. Tho rato of travelling sheep was fixed at six miles nor day, and any owner of a run could stop sheep travolling if ho supposed thoy wero infected, until tho inspector could havo an opportunity of ex- amining thom,butif thoy weroarbitranlyorun reasonablydotained, tho porsondotaining thom would bo liable to a penalty of £100. Any por son might destroy stray scabby sheen, providod he gavo notico to tho inspectors of his having dono BO. Thoro was a vory stringont pro- vision, against tho importation of scabby sheep, tho penalty being not loss than £100 nor moro than £500, and tito samo penalties wçro to bo imposed on any persons travolling imported Bhcop into tho interior, whothor clean or not, without their having been first examined and certified to as being donn. Power was also pivon to tho Govornor in Council to prohibit tho importation of sheop from any of the neighbouring colonies. Thora wero piovisions in tho bill for the establish- ment of quarantino districts, into or out which no sheep should bo allowed to pass. Mr. MITCHELL seconded tho motion. Mr. O'SHANASSY regrotted that tho labour which was brought to bear by bon. members in that House laBt year on tho ques- tion buforo thoHouse was almost thrown away, and that somo person who had been ora. ployed by tho Government in drafting tho pretont bill had taken it upon himself to know a great deal more on the question than such I mombers as Mr. Black, Mr. Campboll, Mr. Simson, and others, who wero fully con- versant with tho subjock. The bon. member then'roforred to tho action which that Houso took ¡last year in roforenco to tho Scab Bill then before thom, spoaking in favour of tho boards of control, which bon. mombors con sideicd should bo established if taxation and îeprcsontation wero to go togothor. Ho had nahopo whatever that tho boards of advico now i proposed would rendor anything Uko practical assistanco with roforonco to tho * woiking of tho act. Thoy appeared, ho said, to bo morely consulting boards ; for tho in- spector, if ho disagreed with thom, could fall backlon tho chief inspebtor, and thoy would merely bo a sort of fence sot up to shiold tho inspector occasionally, without having tiny practical power to do anything. Thcro was no machinery cither in tho bill for tho boards -nothing to show how thoy woro to bo chosen, what thoir position was ' to bo, or what was tho qualification of mombûis to bo clcoted upon thom. After spoaking of tho details of BOHÍO portions of tho bill, tho lion, inembur Baid it would bo a simplo ques- tion for tho Houso whothor thoy would deal with nny definition of tho prin- ciples or duties of the boards of ad vicp.i of thoir position, and of tho por- tions to bo chosen upon thom-or whether they would havo tho boards or not. If tho House, said thoy would havo tho boards, of uourso the bill might bo gono on with with- out any moro trouble. If, on tho othorhand, bon. members thought that, as thoy had no control, although thoy paid tho oxponsos. they ¡might rofuso to appoint the boards, and throw thu whole responsibility of working tho act oh the Govornmont. Tho bill was thon road a second timo, and committed. . .,.,,, After a short discussion as to whothor tho committco should proceed with tho clauses that night, it was agiccd to go on with thoso extending as fares thu end of Part 2 of the act, I which dealt with tho introductory matter, and districts, boards, inspectors, and Clauses 1 and 2 were passed ; but felause 3, being tho interpretation clause,' was post- poned. ClaUBO 4 was passed. Clauso 5, giving powor for defining tho colony into districts, was agreed to. Clauso 0, appointing boards of advico, led to a short discussion, but it was agreed to without a division, tho number of members of a board being fixed at not less than five, instead of three us stated in the clause. .Clause 7, prohibiting any perron from acting on a board in anv matter in which he had a direct personal interest, was added to by inserting words rendering it necessary for a member to be a residont in the district for which the board was appointed, and also pro- hibiting persons who had less than COO sheep from sitting on a hoard. Clauses 8 to 28 were passed, with the ex- ception of clause 11, which referred to the duties of the inspector in conferring and deal- ing with the board. The consideration of that clause was postponed. Progress was reported, and leave given to sit again next day. The House adjourned at 27 minutes past 0 o'clock until next day. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, MAY 17. The SPEAKER took tho chair at half-past 4 o'clock. t PAr-Ens. Mr. MACKAY presented a statement, showing the works or purposes for or in respect of which monoys, during tho year 18C9, have been applied under the Water woiks Loan Act, 1865. Mr. FRANCIS presented the usual monthly progress report in respect to immigration. Mr. FRANCIS also presented a return to Mr. Butters' motion for a statement showing the revenue collected at Portland from all sources since separation from New South Wales,, distinguibing the source from which the revenue was derived and the amount. (This return will bo found in another column.) Mr.-FRANCIS also presonted a proclama- tion by His Excellency the Governor, to the effect that His Excellency had been pleased, with the advice of the Executive Council, to direct that the new immigration regulations should not take effect until further ordered, instead of from the 18th inst. as previously noticed. Mr. FRANCIS also presented a return of tho amount of money received by tho Govern- ment from Hamilton from all sources up to tho present timo. (This return appears in another column.) Mr. M'CULLOCH presented the annual re- port for 1869 on the Post-office and Telegraph department. Mr. MACPHERSON presented legal opinions hearing upon the issue of Crown giants to selectors who have not resided on thoir allot- ments. (These will bo found in another column.) MESSAGE. The SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message from His Excellency recommending that the fees and other moneys specified in a hill " to enforce and collect duties on the es- tates of deceased persons," bo appropriated, in accordance with the provisions thereof. PETITION. Mr. E. COPE presonted a petition from tho mayor and councillors of Brunswick, against the Abattoirs Bill. NOTICES OF MOTIONS AND QUESTIONS. Mr. EVERARD gave notice that ho would next day move, that there bo laid upon the tahle of this Houso-The cost of the Botanical gardens during tho management of Dr. Mueller ; the public institutions that have re- ceived plants from the gardens during the same period ; tho number and value of such plants, tho present estimated value of plants at present in the nurseries of the Botanical gardens, and tho value of permanent improve- ments. Mr. BURTT gave notice that, next day, ho would ask the Commissioner of Crown Lauds and Survey whether the photograms aftor the ancient masters, photographed by tho Lands department, have been presented to the dif- ferent schools of art and design, and if not, whether there was any objection that they should bo presented. Mr HANNA gave notice that, next day, he would move that the plate and revit cut of engine 20, also the original valves that were laid Before the board appointed to inquire into the conduct and management of the lo- comotive department, together with the veloci- pede made at the Williamstown workshops,, be brought into the precincts of this House. Mr. LONGMORE gave notice that, next day, he would move for all the papers refer- ring to the dismissal of Swan, a boilermaker, from the Victorian Railways ; also those re- ferring to his reinstatement and subsequent dismissal. Mr. DYTE gavo notice, that on Thursday be would call tho attontion of the Chief Secretary to the state of the Chinese afflicted with leprosy on Ballarat, and ask when he purposed taking. steps for their removal, as promised by the late Chief Secretary. Mr. DYTE also gavo notice, that on Thurs- day noxt ho would ask the Chief Secretary whether he intended sending any despatch or telegram to the agent- general iu England with a view to -prevont any moro emigrants being sent to Victoria until tho opinion of Parliament had been taken on tho subject. Mr. KERNOT gavo notice that, noxt day, he would move that there bo laid upon the tablo of this nouse a copy of all reports made to the Railway department on the condition of tho'railway bridge crossing Cowie's Creek, which may have been niado during the last two years. Mr. M'KEAN gavo notice, that, next day, ho would move for loavo to bring in a bill to »mend tho law for tho arrest, dotention, and curativo treatment of inebiiates and con- firmed drunkards. Mr. ROLFE gavo notice that on an oarlyday lie would move that, having in view the incon- siderate manner in which cortain measures of greatimportanco passed by tho popular branch of tho Legislature havo aftorwards boen re- peatedly dealt with and defeated, this House is of opinion that tho provisions of the Con- stitution Act should receive prompt and earnest consideration, iu order that such alter- ations thereof may bo effected as shall se- cure legislation in harmony with tho mind of tho people Mr, CASEY gavo notico that, noxt day, ho would move that an address be presonted to His Excellency tho Governor, requesting copies of any_ despatches ho may have re- ceived* respecting any proposed extension of certain Imperial acts referring to misde- meanours committed in the Australian colo- nies. Mr. *VALE * gavo notico that, on Tuesday next, ho would ask tho bon. tho Chief Secre- tary, whether tho Government will tako tho .usual course of marking off tho proclaimed road through tho Carlton-gardons. Mr. JONES gavo notico that, noxt day, ho would* call tho attention of tho lion, the Ministor of Justice to a motion carried in this Houso on Tuesday, Decombor 28, 1869, touch- ing'tho business of the offioial agent, Ballarat, nnd ask when the return so ordered will'be supplied. * ''? - " Mr. WITT gavo notico that, on Wednesday ho would ask whother it is the intention of tho Government to procood with tho proposed railway workshops near tho junction ; and further, will tho Government allow the said machinery, workshops, &c;, to bo rented by any respectable and responsible firm, with a viow to the construction of locomotivo car- riages, trueles, and for other purposes. Mr. CASEY gavo notico that, noxt day, ho would call the attontion of the hon. the Minister of Lands to tho caso of Charles King, of Newbridge, and to inquire what courso ho proposes to take in tho mattor. Mr. DAVIES intimated that, on Wednes- day, he would ask the bon. tho Treasurer if it is tho intention of tho Commissioner of Trade and Customs to introduce any systora whereby tho number of forms required in passing customs entries may be reduced, Mr. WITT gavo notico that, on Tuesday next, he would move that this Houso will to- morrow resolve itself into a committee of tho whole to consider tho propriety of presenting an address to His Excellency tho Governor, requesting that tho sum of £.1,000 be placad upon tho Estimates for tho construction of a sludge channel in Hodgson's Crook, Tarrawin- gee. Mr. VALE gavo notico that, on Thursday next, ho would move that it is advisable that, ¿n and after tho 1st January, 1871, tho post ago on nowspapors should be one halfpenny and the postage of town lettors one penny. Mr. BERRY notified that, on Wednesday, ho would call the attention of the lion, the Minister of Mines and the Treasurer to the non-payment of tho day labourers omployod on tho Geelong waterworks, and to ask if immediate steps will bo taken to remedy tho injustico and relievo tho suffering caused thereby. Mr. G. V. SMITH gavo notico of his inten- tion, on Wednesday, to ask tho hon. the Chief Secretary if it is the intention of the Government to take any immediate action with a view to the classification of criminals and tho utilisation of thoir labour. GOVEBNMEKP IMMIQRATION. Mr. DYTE askod, without notice, if the »gent-general had peen instructed to stop sending more emigrants to Victoria till the opinion of Parliament on the question had, been taken ? Mr. M'CULLOCH said that no such despatch had been sent. Mr. DYTE asked if any despatch to that effect would be sent, seeing that the new im- migration regulations were not to have force till Parliament had been consulted on the wholo subject? Mr. M'CULLOCH requested tho hon. mem- ber to give notice of his question. Mr. DYTE said he would put his question again on Thursday next. ISSUE OP CHOWN GBANT3 TO NON-KESIDING SELECTORS. Mr. M'LELLAN asked the Commissioner of Land and Survey if Crown grants would be issued to selectors under the Amending Land Act of 1805, who tendered their money, but who had not complied with the condition of residence. On Friday morning lost he had accompanied a constituent to the Land Office. The latter tendered his monoy, and asked for his Crown grant, but was informed by the officers of tho Lands department that the Commissioner had that morning given orders not to issue any more Crown grants unless tho application was accompaniedhy a declaration that the condition of residence had boon com- plied with. His (Mr. M'Lellan's) constituent had thercfqre to return to Ararat, having tra- velled 300 miles for nothing. Mr. MACPHERSON could only answer that ho had given no such instruction, but had simply pointed out to tho officers of his de partment that regarding these particular grants, it was not desirable that their issuo should go on pending tho discussion of the motion given notice of by the' bon. mem- ber for Ripon and Hamnden. It was a duty owed to tho House that_ the grants should not commence to issue before, at all events, hon. mombars had had nn opportunity of considering tho que* tion. TENDEES FOB N0BTH-EA8TEBN RAILWAY. Mr. KERFERD asked, without notice, whether it was true, as stated in the papers of that morning, that the Government, after having twice called for tenders for tho North- eastern lino of railway, wore now seeking to make a private arrangement with one of tho tenderers in respect to work to be dono. That appeared a highly impropor course for the Government to take, and one unjust to the other tenderers. Wore the Government in a position to make astatement on the sub- ject? If the question wa3 an embarrassing one he would not press it. Mr. WILSON replied that at any rate he would not be ready to make a statement till next day. NEW RAILWAY ROLLING STOCK. In reply to Mr. CONNOR, Mr. WILSON said that the Government had received from the agent-general certain despatches containing information and pro- fessional opinions in respect to our railway establishment, and also our rolling stock ; and he intended to lay the documents before bon. members. At present, however, they had not been copied. OFFENSIVE TBADES. Mr. CREWS called the attention of the Chief Secretary to the necessity that existed for dealing with offensive trades ; and asked whether the Government would appoint a Royal Commission to inquire and report thoro on ? Ile pointed out that thero was much differ- ence of opinion as to what were offensive trades, which wore injurious to health, and where was the proper placo to establish thora. Ho suggested that the commission should con- sist of experts. Mr. M'CULLOCn thought tho subject one deserving of tho best consideration of Par- liament, and there was no time better for its discussion than the present, for in a few years difficulties would arise which would make action in tho matter almost impossible. These tiades must be carried on somewhere, and whatever spot was named as their locality some objection to it was sure to be raised. However, tho Government wore desirous to obtain full information on the subject bofore tho motion of which notice had already been given carno on for discussion, and such in- formation was best obtainod by the appoint- ment of a commission. With that viow he hoped to bring some proposition bearing on the point before the House shortly. TRANSI EUS or SELECTED LAND. ' Mr. M'KENNA, in tho absence of Mr. Kitto, asked the President of Lands and Sur- vey if it was his intention to adhore to tho Gazette notico with reference to tho transfer of land held under the 42nd section of the Amending Land Act 1865. Mr. MACPHERSON replied that when ho carno into offico ho found the clause in question made use of in a way nob intended by tho Legislature, A largo trade was being carried on in transfers, and ho, therefore, caused the publication of the Gazette notico referred to. At the samo timo, thero ware ninny cases in whicht ho rofusal to permit a transfer would occasion hardship, and ho did not intend to carry out tho terms of the notice in their respect. Whoro, for instance, mining objections had been mado to the sale, thero would bo no objection to transfer, but in other cases where there was no claim what- ever for special consideration, he did not think thero should bo any indulgonce. THE PUIS. Mr. VALE called tho attention of the Chief Secretary to certain matters in con- nexion with tho present position of the Fiji Islands. He had read in on American paper that several European residonts of tho Fiji Islands wore endeavouring to induce tho United States Government to take possession of them, and it was tho possibility of another foreign power obtaining dominion in the neighbourhood of theso colonies, and tho pos sibility of their making it a convict station, that roused his fears. In tho first place, it was of course out of the question that this colony should suggest to any other country the desirability of annexing those islands. It was not likely tho Imperial Govornmont would object to the annexation of the Fiji Islands to Victoria, as alroady tho noighbour ing colony of New South Wales had attached tho Norfolk Islands. It was moro, than nos siblo that tho English Govornmont would bo prepared to accept tho responsibility of a pro- tectorate of the islands, as Earl Granville had, it'scemed, requested somo_ information from tho Consul resident at Fiji respecting the qualifications and prospective worth 'of tho islands, and had received satisfactory re- plies. It was stated by independent porsoni that coffee, sugar, tobacco, and cocoa, could bo grown on tho islands, and if so, it would bo moro advantageous for Victoria to obtain her supplies of those articles from tho Fijis, with which she had a return trado, than from places with which her trado was worthloss An attempt was being made by a portion of the white population of tho islands to esta blish an independent Govcrnmont, and if it proved successful, such a Government might bo productivo of considerable annoy- ance to this colony. It would, ho thought, bo well for tbo Govornmont to sond to tho islands somo accredited officer, perhaps from tho Customs or Lands department, to report upon tboir qualifications and import- ance. It would bo a matter of lasting regret, if tho islands were taken possession of by somo foroign power, and a convict dopOt established there. Mr. M'CULLOCH said it must be cloar on all hands that tho FijiB should be attached to Great Britain rather than any other powor ; but the question to bo considerad soomed to him rather in what way could tho Imperial Government bo induced to take chargo of tho islands than whether Victoria should take steps to attach them to herself at the prosont time. Tho first thing to do would bo to endeavour to call the attention of the Ira Eerial Govcrnmont to tho fact of tho Fijis not oin g attached to G reat Britain, and to tho pro- bability of sorao other power taking; possession of them. That was a step which all tho colonies should endeavour to provont, for thero was the probability of a foreign powor converting tho islands into a convict depot. It was not in his opinion desirable for tho Government to send an accredited officer to the Fijis to report on thom, but ho would be prepared to bring tho wholo subject heforo a conference of roprosentatives from tho various Australian colonies, which was to be held in Molbourno about tho latter end of June*. (Hear, hear.) Any recommendation comiug from thom would of courso havo much greater weight with tho Imperial Govornmont than it would from any singlo colouy. (Hear, hear.) COWIE'S OBEEK BAILWAY BBIDQE. Mr. KERNOT called the attention of the Commissioner of Railways to tho condition of Cowie's Crook railway bridge, and askod what stops ho intended to take to mako it secura for traffic. Mr. WILSON replied that in tho opinion of tho engineer-in-chiof tho bridge was perfectly safe for all tho railway traffic that passed over it ; hut that it was the intention of tho Go- vernment, as soon as the bridge was considered in anyway unsafe, to erect a permanent struc- ture over the creek, and that in fact provision had been mado in the loan forthat purpose. SITES FOB PUBLIC WORSHIP. Mr. RICHARDSON oskod tho President of tho Board of Land and Works whother under the present Land Act any Crown lands had been reserved from sale temporarily or permanently for places of public worship, or for sites of dwellinghouses for ministers of religion, or for public instruction, other than , those vested in the Board of Education Î Mr. MACPHERSON replied that tho Lands department had not deviated from tho system always pursued, of reserving lands for church purposes, but in most cases there,wore re- serves in small townships. Lands wore only reserved for school purposes in connexion with tho # Board of _ Education, the only ex- ception being in respect to some land at Eastern-hill, lately the St. John's Church reserve, but which had since been granted as a site for a Ladies' College. THE GEELONO WATERWORKS. Mr. KERNOT asked the Minister of Mines if all the contracts necessary for the full completion of the Geelong Waterworks had been accepted, and if not, what steps he in- tended to take in the matter 1 Mr. MACKAY replied that there were two proposed contracts not yet accepted-one for £3,C00, for.the construction, repairs, and main tenance of tunnels and aqueducts ; and tho other for £6,000, for forming an aqueduct from the upper to the lower watersheds. He was happy to inform tho Houso that tho works would probably bo comploted in three or four months' time. Upwards of £35,000 had been expended on them during the last year. ROAD THROUGH CARLTON-GARDENS. Mr. VALE asked the Chief Secretary when it was proposed to give the public the use of the proclaimed road through Carlton-gar dons ? He said he put the question at tho re- quest of the mayors of East Collingwood, Fitzroy, and Carlton. Mr. M'CULLOCII replied that the law officers of tho Crown had givon it as their opinion that the proclamation of the road was a legal one ; that was to say, that the road could bo proclaimed ; but tho Govern ment had nothing to do with giving any parties possession of the road, or with making and maintaining it. Mr. VALE inquired whether tho Govern- ment would cause tho road to bo pegged out? Mr. MICHIE said, that tho road being situated within the city of Melbourne, it was no part of the business of the Government to form or mako it, although it was competent for the Crown, in the exercise of its rights over Crown land, to proclaim the road. Al- though ho had been constrained to give his opinion as to the legality of the proclamation, he felt something, not in the nature of a re- gret, but somewhat sorry to be compelled to come to the conclusion he had done respect- ing it, It had been mentioned that in the year 1857 he had been in favour of the road, but since that time so many interests had grown up, and so much land had been pur- chased in tho neighbourhood of tho gardens, the purchasers of which might complain of the road being opened, that he had changed his opinion on tho subject. The matter had come before him entirely upon a point of law, and he had simply expressed his legal opinion respecting it. Mr. VALE moved the adjournment of the House to enable him to make some further remarks on the subject. Ho contended that it was the duty of the Government to peg out the road, but that the borough councils in- terested would no doubt undertake to make it and keep it in repair. Mr. MCCULLOCH considered that the further responsibility in the matter rested with the several corporations and not with the Government. Mr. VALE intimated that he would ask the Government on Tuesday next, if they would peg out the road proclaimed through the gardens ? Mr. LONGMORE, in seconding the motion for adjournment, expressed his surprise at the Government having taken nearly five weeks to decide upon the legality or otherwise of the proclamation, and contended that it was their duty to peg out the road. Mr. MICHIE said that the bon. member, who with his characteristic sagacity dis- covered that the motion of the hon. member for Grenville had evidently received its in- spiration from him (Mr. Michie), though notice was given of it weeks before he became a member of the present Government Mr. VALE roso to order. The hon. and learned member, who had returned to the Houso after a long absence, which thoy deeply regretted-(much laughter)---would permit him to remind him that it was not in ordor to refer to a previous debate. Mr. MICHIE said that if the hon. member intended his last expression in the sense it which it was received, then he had never said a truer thing when he expressed his deep re- gret nt his (Mr. Michio's) return to the house. (Laughter.) With respect to what tho hon. member for Ripon and Hampden had said, the opinion he (Mr. Michie) gavo was put in writing weeks ago : but a gentloman, for- merly a member of the Houso, and much in- terested in the question, subsequently called his attention to a number of acts of Parlia- ment which ho contended made the procla- mation illegal. It was tho examination of those acts, some very old, that bad caused the delay, without, however, leading to any change of opinion. i Mr. BERRY held that the Government, since they admitted the legality of the pro- clamation, were bound to give due effect to it. MT. BUTTERS said that there was no ne- cessity for further action on the part of the Government, becauso it was now competent for tho citizens to assert their right to make use of tho road, just as they had done in the , case of the road through Richmond-paddock. The only thing tho corporation could do was to refuse to moke and metal the road. Sir. EVERARD wished to know if ho had rightly understood the Chief Secretary to say that ,the Government would bring in a bill to annul the proclamation. (" No, no.") Mr. J. T.- SMITH, as a member of the late Government, denied that the proclama- tion received tho approval of the Cabinet be- fore it was issued. Tho last act of the Cabinet was to divido upon the question, and the result was an equal number of votes for and against. No communication was made to the Cabinet of an intention to tako any action in the matter. Mr. M'LELLAN said that after the procla- mation was issued, cortain gentlemen, who now complained, went personally to Captain Kaye, the clerk to tho Executive, and asked him why he did not inform thom that this proclamation was about to be made. He clearly and distinctly informed thom that he read the proclamation in tho way that he read all other papers before tho Executive Council at the same time. Mr. RIDDELL hoped the proclamation would bo annulled. Mr. COHEN denied that he know anything about the opening up of the road. > When the proclamation was read, no definite descrip- tion was givon of tho road ; it was simply read out as a road so many chains wide through. Queensberry-parado, and Queens berry-parade might havo been at Ballarat for all he then knew to the contrary. After a few words from Mr. WATKINS, Mr. M'KEAN oxpressed his regret that any of his lato colleagues had gono into the details of matters which should not havo been brought before the House. All he had to say was that soon after ho entered office a depu- tation waited on him, and asked that a road through the gardens should be proclaimed. Mr. Fitzgibbon then stated that ho had no objection to a curriage-drivo, but ho did ob- ject to a traffic road. Now ho (Mr. M'Koan) could not seo why the businoss arrangements between tho two districts should be interfered with, and he told the deputation that if they did not agree about the matter ho would pro- claim the road himself. He subsequently for- warded tho papers to the Attorney-General, and he knew nothing moro about it till the vice- president, Mr. M'Lellan, told him that ho had signed tho proclamation, and asked if it was all right, and ho (Mr. M'Koan) said " Yes, I intended to do it myself." So far, therefore, ho took all tho responsibility at- tached to the act. Tho papers wore brought before the Cabinet, and a précis of the pro- clamation read out. Ho denied that the act was tho act of a dying Ministry, for at that timo tho Ministry had no intention of giving up the ghost. (Hear, hear.) And ho denied that the matter was smuggled through tho Cabinot, for the matter had been frequently discussed, and some of the Ministors were for the road and some against. Ho rocommondod that, in order to test the question, the mem- bers of either of the councils interested should remove the gates of tho gardens, and thoo, if summoned for trespass, tho case could bo brought before tho Supremo Court. Mr. MACDONNELL thought it would have been moro consistent with the dignity of an oxecutivo councillor had no notico boen taken of any statement reflecting on members of the Government, but as ho liad boon so often referred to ho must say that in March last tho Commissioner of Crown Lands asked if he had a legal right to proclaim a road through Carlton-gardens, and on tho 20th March ho (Mr. MacDonnell) replied that ho had the right. The question was repeatedly discussed in the Cabinet, and therefore the charge of smuggling was not fair. Mr. BAYLES expressed his opinion that a Ministry lying under the censure of the Uouse ought not to have done an act of such a nature as the proclamation of the road. The motion for adjournment was then negatived, and the subject dropped. STATE AID TO RELIGION. Mr. MACGREGOR inquired if it was tho intention of the Government to bring in during this session a bill to abolish state aid to religion. Mr. M'CULLOCH said that it had not been his intention, in the first instance, to havo introduced the bill alluded to by the bon. membor, as his wish was to make the session as short as possible. His (Mr. M'Culloch's) views with regard to the question were well known. As, however, the bill would bo a short one, and as it would doubtless meet the views of tho great majority of hon. members, he proposed to introduce a bill in the course of a few days upon the subject. SELECTION OF AURIFEROUS LAND. Mr. DYTE drew attention to the report of a meeting of the Ballarat Mining Board, which appeared that morning in one of the local newspapers. At the meeting in question, a resolution had beon adopted set- ting forth that tho mining interest was threatened with annihilation owing to tho Land department allowing auriferous land to be selected, particularly in the dis- trict of Steiglitz. A deputation had re- cently waited on the late Minister of Mines in connexion with the subject, and it was stated by that gentleman that the matter should have his attention, but he was not aware whether anything had really boen donu by the department to meet the wishes of the miners. He would, therefore, ask the hon. the Minister of Mines if the subject had been brought under his notice, and, if so, what action he intended to take in reference thereto, Mr. MACKAY fully appreciated tho im- portance of the question. It had not beon brought under his attention, but he assured the lion, member that he would be happy to apply himself to tho consideration of the views of any deputation that might wait upon him in connexion with tho question. THE BERLIN GOLD-FIELD. Mr. DAVIES presented a petition relative to the importance of the Berlin «old- field, and asked the Government if there was any intention to take into consideration the ser- vices of Mr. Alex. Cleland, who had disco- vered the gold-field in question. Mr. MACPHERSON asked the hon. mem- ber to hold over his question until the fol- lowing day. Mr. DAVIES consented to do so, and the petition was ordered to lie on the table. AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS. Mr. M'CULLOCH (in reply to Mr. M'Caw) stated that these returns would bo published in a few days. ESTIMATES. Mr. FRANCIS presonted messages from His Excellency, transmitting to the Assembly the Estimates for 1870, together with additional supplementary estimates for 1869. THE BUDGET. The House having, on tho motion of Mr Francis, resolved itself into committee of supply, Mr. FRANCIS said :-Mr. Smyth,- Sir, The committee will, I trust, find themselves by this time in possession of the finance ac. counts for the years 1868, 1809, and 1870 respectively ; and before going further I will remark that, for the purpose of assisting my statement, I have had printed a few moro copies of my predecessor's finance account, in order that hon. members shall como to tho better understanding of both, and more par- ticularly that any alterations which I havo made may bo better understood. With this view, and this view only, havo I presented to hon. members a few copies of that account, which was laid before this House by my pre- decessor, tho hon. Mr. Berry, on the 28th February last, I may also explain that, as will bo observed in respect to the Estimates now in the hands of hon. members, I have come to the front at once, and placed in paiallcl columns our own Estimates and those of my predecessor, in order that the differences between them shall be seen at a glance. I admit that this act may be considered ill-advised, and lays mo open to no little rejoinder from those who may be so disposed ; but I believe that under no circum- stances need the truth be feared, nor have I done it but to facilitate the clear and full de- liverance which I desire to make, and the understanding of the differences which aro so made evident. In tho first in- stance, coming to the finance account of my predecessor for 18GS, I will point out that though his and mino are not identical, the difference is an unimportant amount. The gross sum in that îcspect submitted by my predecessor is £3,287,309, whereas in my ac count it is £3,287,953. This difference, I may state, is partially the result of tho fact that one piece of expenditure placed to the debit of 1868 in one of the departments was quci ¡ed by the audit commissioners, and transferred fiom tho j ear 1869 to 1868. This was only a difference of £584, and is not a difference in substance. I point out this bo cause it will be seen that it is in "receipts," The second item on the left hand sido of the financo account is this " recoipts," amounting to £3,160,330 according to my predecessor, wbereos I state it at £3,160,914. This, therefore, compels me, without any reflection upon my predecessor, to bring down, as balance from 18G8, £98,G32 instead of my predecessor's £98,048. So far, then, there are no othor altera- tions. I may state also that as regards the "probable further receipts" for 1809 in the same account of my predecessor, which he puts down at £29,000, I havo stated at £1,641 only. Tho additional sum shows the revenue of 1869 as short in the amount of revenue on account of that year, received between tho 28th of February and tho 7th of May-thoso being the dates to which our several accounts were made up. On the other sido of the account, I am de- sirous of showing that my estimates for 1869, under the heads of "special appropria- tions" and " votes," amount collectively to £3,000,292, whereas under my predecessor thoso sums amounted to £2,616,814. Well, sir, I may further state that between the 28th Fobruary and tho 7th May-i.e., the different dates of our accounts-tho sum of £443,408 has been expended. Now, it will be soon in the estimate of my predecessor that his " pro- bable further expenditure" stood at £715,433, from which, if you deduct the £443,408 which I havo explained as having been expended in the interim, a balance of £272,025 is left, whereas I only propose £223,000 to cover probable further expenditure. Thus it will bo seen that my predecessor's estimates of expenditure on account of 1869 exceed mine hy £49,025. Now, that £49,025 is made up of what this House often calls casual savings, and which merely mean that the requirements undor which the money was voted havo not been complied with. A strict examination of accounts has enabled me to save, as it is termed, or rather it was found im- possible to spend, £54,039 Is. 9d. ; but some items are in dispute, and as I am desirous not to under-assess tho expenditure, I have only taken credit for £49,025. The difference consists of two or three items ; for instance, subsidies were voted in 1869 to assist local bodies in promoting water supply-at Clunes, for instance. Now, the requirements under which that grant was made not being complied with, it was impossible, under tbo terms of the Audit Act, to spend that money. Then, in public works, >t was found that under tho circumstancos £7,63-1 could not bo oxpended ; £1,000 also was voted to promote whaling enterprise in this port, but by an alteration in tho tariff a bonus was given, which did away with ,tho necessity for this. Further, there was £1,520 10s. Öd. voted for a new industry that was not brought into practical operation last year. These, if closely looked into, will make up the difference in the " probablo further expenditure" of my predecessor and myself. To this we will add the |£584 brought down from the preceding year, wliich makes a total sum of £49,609 moro than was proposed by my predecessor. Adding that £49,009 to the £109,807, the balanco my predecessor , ex- pected to liavo at tho beginning of 1870, I find I shall commence that year with a credit balanco of £219,416, instead of £109,807. I may further say that before tho final termi- nation of these accounts, thero will no doubt be £8,000 or £10,000 more that will go to tho credit of the balance I have named. It will bo within the memory of the House that my lion, colleague tho member for Mornington, the bon. momber for West Mel- bourne (Mr. Langton), also an ox-Treasurer, and myself, all felt it our bounden duty-not captiously but distinctly-to challenge the estimates both of revenue and expenditure submitted by my predecessor. I desiro to say, if comparisons must bo drawn between our estimates-as they necessarily must in tho presence of the largo differences that exist be- tween thom-that I am not attempting to dis- credit the conclusions which he reached under the circumstances, admittedly of extremo diffi- culty, in which ho found himself placed. The hon. member, when he made his statement, said ho was new to a task of that kind, and he certainly had the difficulties of a contested election also on his hands. I can, therefore, very readily understand, when departments were pouring in upon him their esti- mates, and when ho was bound, not only by his own promises but by those of his colleagues-some of them liberally given-that ho was tempted to take a more sanguine view of his reveuuo than circum- stances perhaps permitted, and less closoly to scrutinise his expenditure than might have been desirable. It cannot be donied that after all the estimates of revenue form the material consideration for every Treasurer, because thore is always very little difficulty in spending money. If the doroands upon your purso aro so large that they consume the nominal amount to your credit at the com- mencement of tho year, your accounts are sure to be in confusion at the end of the year if that anticipated bal- ance is not realised, and you your- self aro placed in a discreditable position, because of all failures a Treasurer can make the worst is to incur obligations in excess of a fair estimate of income. The conclusions I arrived at after my predecessor had made his statement, and which I then stated, I now endorse. Not only were his estimates of ex- penditure extravagant, but his estimates of revenue were greatly overrated, 'and could not be realised. It is my duty now to make this clear, and I trust that in doing so I shall not at any rato pain the bon. gentleman by any offensive inference. If I should so commit myself, I shall bo very ready to apologise for an offence not delibe- rately intended. My predecessor calculated his revenue for 1870 at £3,529,100, in addition to £109,807, the balance from 1809. I do not feel myself justified in estimating the revenue for the current year at moro than £3,332,200, or £190,900 less than his. I shall now go to the other side of the account, intending to re- turn to these figures at a later period. My predecessor proposed to expend under the deno- mination of special and othor votes £3,750,852 I only proposo to expend under this heading £3,498,127, thus making a difference, if I may use tho term, or rather a saving in expendi- ture, of £232,725.- I therefore estimate to receive £190,900 less than my predecessor ; and, on the other hand, to expend £252,725 less than him. I am thus enabled to make this difference-that whereas my predocossor expected to find himself unable to carry more forward as a balance to 1871 than £9,066, I anticipate being able to carry forward to theS credit of next year £92,038-that is, unless tho House thinks fit to increase the present estimates of expenditure. I have left this sum of £92,088 to credit in tho expectation and with the full know- ledge of the fact that during the passage of the Estimates, or in supplementary estimates, requirements will be made upon the Treasurer of tho kind sure to be raised. This balance also leaves a considerable margin for any action the House may tako with respect to two important matters regarding which the Government recognise the necessity of taking action one way or another. It will be re- membered that I challenged the omission of expenditure in connexion with the war-ship Cerberus, and stated that it was not in any way referred to in the Estimates or statement of my predecessor. It will also bo re- membered that the lion, raembor for Morn- ington (Mr. M'Cullocb) challenged the absence of auy provision for tho payment of interest on any immediate loan which might be incurred. When I mention that the further expenditure for tho Cerberus will pro- bably not exceed £37,000, it will be clear that I havo in the estimated balance of £92,000 an ample margin to cover this, even should the House voto tho monoy out of the revenue instead of thinking it expedient to ex- tend the present loan for that purpose. The balance, I anticipate, will also be sufficient to cover any interest which may accrue due, on any loan whick may be incurred during the' year for water supply, should it not be paid out of the loan itself. Having stated the broad facts of the caso, which may bo summed up in the statement that the late Treasurer, in my opinion, over- estimated his revenue by £196,900, whilst I expect to expend £252,725 less than ho did, I shall pro- ceed step by step to substantiate the ground* upon which I base my arguments and con- clusions. I will commence by stating my estimates in the rough. Referring, in tho first place, to the revenue expected to be derived from customs, there is a difference of £58,700betweonmy calculations of thorevenuo likely to be received and those of my prede- cessor. My estimate shows for spirits, £450,000 ; that of my predecessor, £405,000. From " all other duties " I estimate to receive £434,500, whilo he expected to got £466,000, or a difference of £32,000. Challenging as I do the esti- mate of my predecessor, to this extent that he over-estimated his revenue on two items alone to the amount of £47,000,1 think I shall only bo wearying the House if I go further into detail, and will, therefore, con tent myself by stating that the difference be- tween us in Customs amounts to £58,700. My predecessor informed the House that in making his calculations of revenue ho took the average increase in the receipts for asories of past years, and after deducting a certain percentage, added it to the revenue of the preceding year, and accepted that as the pro- bable receipts for the next. I should be sorry to condemn that sort of closet computation, but I am suro that had tho hon. gentleman availed himself of other and moro useful methods of calculation, ho would not have stated tho increase he expected at so large an amount. Ho expected a largo increase from receipts for Customs. The department sent in an estimate of revenue* £55,300 less than that submitted to the House. I know the system upon which tho Customs authorities prepare their estimates of revenue, and I therefore challenged the statement in that respect whon it was made. It is known to commercial men that it is more easy to obtain statistics about tho Customs than from any of tho other departments-the Lands aud Railways, for instance, as in the first case weekly returns are published, and in the atter only quarterly. I therefore felt I was treading on safo ground when I challenged that portion of tho statement. I find that the Customs department estimated that the revenue from that source for 1870 would be £1,435,900 ; but the Treasurer accepted the responsibility of increasing that by £55,300, his estimate of revenuo being £1,491,200. I havo sinco obtained from the Customs a second departmental estimate of the receipts for 1870. Of course in preparing it I am aware they had tho experience of the first quarter of the year to gnide them. I have accopted the totals of their calculations as correct, and have merely altered somo of tho items, My estimate amounts to £1,432,600, and that is the very sarao as the one obtained from tho Customs department, for I have only qualified two or three comparatively unimportant matters, where the calculations of the Com- missioner of Customs seemed based somewhat too rigidly upon tho receipts of the quarter Tho alterations on the one side and tho other amount altogether to £5,000. The Customs anticipated a revenue from tea of £60,000 ; My predecessor estimated it at £65,000-which was in short the estimate of the department in tho first instance. I think ho was perfectly justified in his conclusions. That calculation was made in January, 1870, but four months later the department concludo that tho original estimate should bo reduced to £60,000, I havo permitted that item in my predecessor's statement to remain at the sum first stated, as I consider that by the close of the year the original estimate will bo realised. On the other hand, the department's original estimate of receipts from sugar and molasses was £79,000. My predecessor estimated that ho would receivo £79,000. But I find that the department, upon what I conceive to be in- sufficient grounds, desires to increase its pre- vious estimate to £82,000. I find that that estimate has been checked with the receipts of previous years-I don't say based upon them. I have thought fit to accept the re responsibility of increasing the estimate of my predecessor to £80,000, thus again con- firming his conclusions. Another alteration I have made is the reduction of £1,000 upon opium. Mr. BERRY.-The item stands the same on the present Estimates as on the previous Estimates. Mr. FRANCIS.-The bon. moraber is speaking of his own Estimates. I am speaking of the alterations I havo thought fit to make in the Estimates of the department, At the commencement of the year the departmental estimate wa8 £22,000, but during the first quarter the receipts were unusually large, and my prede- cessor altered the estimate to £24,000, The Customs department, now basing its esti- mate upon that apparent increase of revenue, has increased its estimate for the year to £25,000. I have put it back to £24,000. In submitting thesefigures, I don't wish to charge my predecctsor in office with having amended theestimatesof thedepartmentwithouthaving some basis to go upon-without a reference to and careful analysis of the receipts in preceding years ; but I do say that in the large items to which I first made reference, he not only ran contrary to the departmental estimates, but ho ran contrary to com- mercial feeling, knowledge, and anticipation -that, in fact, he measured the position solely as a person in his study would do, rather than applied that practical know- ledge which ought to have been ap- plied. I may bo wrong. I am only stating what appears to bo the state of the case. I havo thought fit to confirm somo of the minor items of estimates ; but in the main, instead of increasing them by £53,000 or £58.000, I havo not altered the gross anticipated re- ceipts from customs byono penny. The bon. member perhaps will say that ho was justified in his anticipations by the revenue returns which he had in his hands at the time, and which gave the total receipts from customs up to what I may term roughly the end of February, or rather well on in March, when they were main- tained and supported by him in this House. I hold in my hand, Sir, a return which includes excise receipts, and what are called wharfage and harbour rates, for the first three months of tho year, and which in- formation, excepting as to tho last three or four days of the quarter, was in the possession of tho lato Treasurer. I hold in my hand a comparative return of tho Customs revenue for the first quarter of 1870, showing, first, the estimate of the Customs department ; second, the Treasurer's estimate ; and, third, the revenue actually received, Now, thoy stand in this relation. Tho Treasurer's estimate at the commencement of tho year of receipts from all sources under the head of Customs for that period-and this is a return signed by my predecessor in his capacity as Treasurer -amounted to £382,052. The Customs esti- mates signed by my hon. friend the member for East Melbourne (Mr. Cohen), and sent to the Treasurer, amount to £3C7,974; whereas the actual receipts for the three months wore £359,328 only. Now, let mo draw attention to the difference between these amounts. In the first instance, tho revenue for the quarter, as estimated by the department, showed a falling off of £5,140 ; but, accoiding to the estimate of the hon. member, tho late Trea- surer, a falling off of £22,721. In fact, were the year to be measured by tho estimate of my _ predecessor as regards customs, there would ' have been a failure at the end of the year of £90,890. These aro the returns for the quarter, signed by the hon. member himself, and gazetted. I say again, had the recoipts for the year been controlled by the receipts for the first quarter, the actual customs re- ceipts would have fallen short of the estimated receipts by no loss, than £90,896. But I have had another return drawn up on exactly the samo principle, but including . another month of this year. That return gives a revenue for the four months, accord- ing to the estimates of the Treasurer, under tho head of Customs, of £509,309 ; the receipts according to the estimates signed .by the the head of the Customs department (Mr. Cohen), should have been £490,633-1 am not quoting tho latter figures unnecessarily and tho amount actually collocted was £472,154. Comparing the ostiinates for the four months of the hon. member (Mr. Berry), £509,309, with the actual receipts, £172,154, we get a deficiency for the four months of £37,153, which gives a deficiency for the year of £111,735 ;in other words, taking theaverago of four months the estimates of my predecessor would BIIOW a deficiency for the year of £111,735. Whothor my predecessor was awaro of it or not, I can't say, but I am aware of this-and I think he ought to have been awaie of it also-that the first quarter's re- ceipts are not a reliable basis upon which to frame tho Estimates for the whole of the year. , Mr. BERRY.-Then why does the hon. gentleman mention them ? Mr. FRANCIS.-I will oxplain. The bon. member may or may not have beon aware-I have noevidenco, forheleft mo none. The hon. member perhaps has a notion that ho has caught a whale, but ho may find that he has only caught a mackerel. I hold in my hand an official return of the absolute receipts of all the quarters of the year for the various years from 1864 down to 1870, leaving out, I may state parenthetically, the year 1866, which, on account of the question of the tariff, must be left out. I find, on examining this return, that the receipts for the first quarter of the year are a fraction over 24 per cent, only of the receipts for tho whole year ; in fact, tlio receipts for the first quarter do not amount to a full fourth of the year's re- ceipts. When we are dealing with millions, a discrepancy Uko that will amount to a con- siderable sum. It brings me back to tho fact that tho customs rovonuo for the quarter was over-estimated by my prede- cessor, as stated by myself and by my hon. colleague at the time, certainly by myself, and that, accordingly, tho Customs revenue for the year was over-estimated by £50,000 or £60,000. If we take the nominal deficiency of £111,735 for the year, based on a com- parison of the estimates for the first four months with tho actual receipts for the same period, and if we make allowance for the fact that the revenue for the first quarter of the year does not, as a rule, amount to a fourth of the revenue for the whole year-by nearly 1 per cent, for the quarter, or between 3> and 4 per cent, for the year-then wo get the actual de- ficiency, as I say, of from £50,000.to £00,000 on tho customs revenue for the yoar. Thero can bo no doubt that tho customs revenue was over-estimated by my predecessor by £50,000 or £60,000, according to the means of computation which are available, and taking the soundest basis of estimate. This disposes of my charge of excessive esti- mates of revenue by my predecessor. I noxfc come to sustain, if I can, my charge that thero was a continual inflation of revenue through- out the estimates-one continual inflation oC revenue, the cause for which may bo readily found in the equally inflated proposition of expenditure. Now, I will talco tho noxt head of tho revenue excise-and tho first item under that head is spirits distilled in Victona. Tho de- partment sent in a report to the Treasurer estimating £33,000 as the incomo of tho yea< Tho Treasurer on his own responsibility nu it up to £38,000. Mr. BERRY.-I reduced the estimate of the department. Mr. FRANCIS.-I have got the official estimate of the department before mo, show- ing that the departmental estimate, dated the 13th January, 1870, of revenue from spirits distilled in Victoria was £33,000. Tho esti- mate of tho hon. member (Sir. Berry) on tho 8th of March was £38,000. Let mc take the next item-auctioneers' licences-estimated, hy the department at £0,000, by the hon. member at £0,500. But I will lot that posa." Wo will proceed to the very much moro im- portant allegation of an excess of estimated revenue under the head of lands. I hold in my hand the estimate of tho Lands depart- ment for 1870, as originally sent in from tho department, in the temporary absence ap- parently of the Piesident of the Board of Land and Works, and as subsequently amended after inspection by him. I also hold in my hand the subsequent estimate of the prebent head of tho departmont. The total sum under the head of territorial revenue was as measured by the department in the first instance, under date 10th February, 1870 £099,600. That is the first estimate sont in' and I find it accompanied by the usual official letter. Thero is a subsequent estimate some- what altered-amended by tho late Presi- dent of the Board of Land and Works. On referring to tho first proposition of tho department, I find it thero estimated that the proceeds of sales by auction, and receipts towards tho purchase of Crown lands by auction, under sections 34 to 37 of the Land Act of 1809, which prescribo the quantity of land to be sold each year, will amount to £200,000. But I find that the amount put down on tho lato Treasurer's estimates is £300,000. Again, the dopaitmental estim ate of the re venueaccruing from rents and selections is£lll,400, whereastheamountisin« creased on tho Treasurer's estimates to £128,000» Again, the revenue from rents and licences of îuns is estimated by the department at £155,000, but by tho Treasurer at £157,000. The leases and licences for agricultural occu- pation aro estimated by the department at £223,000, and I find tho item increased to £243,000 on the estimates of tho Treasurer. I find that the rents and fees for other than agricultural or pastoral purposes is estimated by tho Treasurer at £8,000, which accords with the estimate of the Lands de- partment. I find the sum of £50,000 for penalties in the Treasurer's estimates, which I don't find in the first departmental recommen- dation. That item is lirst seen in the subse- quent recommendation. Besides tho estimates prepared by the Lands department, and submitted to Mr. M'Kean-which I havo just now read-I find another set of mates, the estimates as reviewed and adopted by the Minister for Lands. The new estimates aro generally identical in terras, but the latter estimates promote the item of £200,000 to £300,000, and also add on the item of £50,000, in red ink, with a mark against it which im- plies a query. The difference between the departmental estimate and the esti- mates submitted to tho Houso by tho late Treasurer amounts to £186,600. In fact, £180,000 wasputon to the estimates after they had loft tho department, but that £186, COO, ho was bound to admit, included the item of £50,000 to which I havo just made reference. (Mr. Berry interjected a remark which was not audible in the gallery.) Tho bon, member does not need to inform this House that he estimated that he would receivo £300,000 by the salo of 200,000 ncies. That is tho fact.1 (Mr. LONGMORE. - Did you sup- pose wo would sell land at only £1 an acre ?) The hon. member had better let his colleague answer for himself. I say, sir, that the Government thought fit to increase by £180,600 the amount of tho esti- mate from that departmont, including, no doubt, tho £50,000 to which I havo alluded. But the difference between tho estimate of the present Minister of Lauds and that of his predecessor is not so much-it is £149, TOO. My present colleague expects to receive £220,000 from tho sale of 200,000 acres, oi less, where- as the íovenuo estimated by my predecessor was £300,000 from that source. Tho estimates from miners' rights £13,000, and business licences £3,500, aro the samo as those of my predecessor ; but in the leases of auriferous and mineral lands I find that the estimate of £30,000 made by the department was increased by my predecessor to £35,000. I next come to the fourth item on tho Estimates-namely, the revenue from public works ¡ my prede- cessor estimated the railway income at £615,000; and it will bo in the memory of tho House that the hon. member stated that ho believed tho revenue from that sourco would be much greater even than his estimate, and ho was sup- ported in his ' opinion by the gentleman then at tho head of the department. He told us that the io venue for the past year was £014,272, and he anticipated receiving a considerable increase on that sum during 1870, as he had obtained from the depart- ment information which led him to antici- pate a largo increase in the wool traffic. This conclusion was demurred to by tho bon. member for Mornington and myself, and wo told him that there was no reason to anticipate that thoro would be a large increase in the wool traffic of 1870 on that of 1869. But wo formed that conclusion altogether on a mis- conception, which must bo traced to the late Treasurer himself. I find on going through the papers of tho department that the roturo of tho absolute receipts for 1809 was not, as he stated, £614,272, but £617,569; in othor words, a difference between the receipts stated by the bon. member and the actual amount of £3,200. Now, it may be said that £3,200 is a small sum in so largo an item as £C0O,00O, but when it is made to represent tho receipts on a quantity of wool at 4s. per.bale, the £3,200, multiplied by 5, is equal to 15,000 or 10,000 bales of wool, and this estimated at £25 per bale amounts to half a million of money. I am propared <». admit, theref oro, that the conclusion I arrived at was erroneous, and I have left tho estimate of my predecessor as to tho railway income at £015,000. (Mr. LONGMOBB mado some remark inaudible in tho gallery.) I acknowledge that the hon. gentloman must know something about this department ; but tho House will seo that, if £3,200 represents 15,000 or 10,000 bales of wool, it amounts to a considerable difference on tho quantity of wool carried by railway. And the tra^a.lirT^, wool waa the only reason, or at least the'mt««* one, for theincrease in tho returns. Thero is no doubt that tho pressure at the Williamstown pier is as great this year as last ; in fact, 1 may speak from my own departmental experionca and say that for the lost 10 years-from the time when the pier was opened-the accom- modation has not been moro struggled for than during the present year. I have there- fore left the railway estimate the same as my predecessor. But it cannot be denied that ho was aware that tho sum received in 1869 wa» £017,509, and was not £614,272, as ho state» -to the House, because I ßnd it so reported in JIansard-and I suppose tho hon. gentleman -corrected his speech after it was delivered Mr. BERRY.-No, 1 did not. Mr. FRANCIS.-Well, it must havo been, for hero are the figures. Mr. BERRY.-I did not correct the speech. Mr! FRANCIS.-I find in The Argus report . of the 9th March that in two different places the Treasurer gives £G11,272 as the revenue from the railway. In tho report in Hansard tho error is apparently overlooked the first time, for it is not corrected, and it is loft £614!272, but further down the figures aro £617,'öG9. Mr. BERRY.-I may inform the bon. mern. < *fo.r that I never corrected any speech I ever delivered in this Houso. Nor do I know any. thing of what appeared in Tlic, Argus or in JIatmid. Tho reporters asked mcforsomo documents, and I gave thom to them. Mr. FRANCIS. - That is sufficient for me. I only desired to traco the docu- ment to the possession of tho hon. mem- ber, but I will not carry the point fur- ther. The noxt item of revenue is water supply, from which the hon. gentloman esti- mated ho would receive £71,000 ; but that tstimato is not justified by the proceedings of previous years, for the receipts for the previous threejears were only £68,000. The estimate I make is £G8,000 ; but I shall be exceedingly glad to admit myself wrong six months heneo* if I survive so long, if tho bon. member's figures turn out to bo correct. I shall be glad that my judgment has beon sacrificed for tho benefit of tho country. It will bo ob- served that I have made a small alteration in this department. I havo placed under the head of water supply £700 expected to be re ceived from the supply of water to tho gold- fields. I place that item heie for tho purpose of exemplification ; it was formerly undor tho head of miscellaneous. I have placed it -where it now is not on account of its im- portance, but that I think the House should beuin henceforth to expect some revenue for the largo expenditure on tho supply of water to tho gold-fields. The electric telegraph {£35,000), and the tolls (£600), I havo esti- mated at tho same amount as my predecessor. The tonnage I have, acting on representa- tions from the Customs department, in- creased from £19,000 to £20,000. The levenuo from postage is the samo as the estimate of the hon. member for Gee- long West. In fees from the Supreme Court there is a small increase ; but I shall not (trouble the Houso by referring to items where the difference is small, although if challenged I shall }ie ahlo to give a satisfactory explana- tion. I havo increased the fees from the County Court by £700-from £2 700 to £3,400. From all other feos my predecessor expected to ícceivo £40,000, but with every desire 'to increase the revenue, I can only tot Tup from that source in round numbeis ¿£34,C00. All other fiues and forfeitures was put down in tho estimates of my predecessor at £1,000, but I am able to lead the House to anticipate from that source £4,600. I next como to the revenue from other receipts. My predecessor anticipated under this head £71,000, but I have reason to calculate that£8S,000 will be received from it I wish to explain that, from the information I have been able to obtain, the greater part of that amount will be made up by interest on "the different public accounts. TVir. LONGMORE.-The railway loan. Mr. FRANCIS.-I can only say that I have .calculated that £73,000 will bo received as the interest of the public accounts, while my pre- decessor estimated that he would only receive £71,000 from all tho receipts, including the inteicst. (Mr. LONGMORE intimated his dis- sent from this remark.) I wish the horn member would not interrupt me, and I may inform him that I shall not notice any moro of his interruptions. He says it is only a calculation, but the essenco of an estimate is that it is only a calcula- tion, and not an account of actual receipts. The sum of these remarks':is that I estimate tho revenue at £196,900 loss than did tho hon. member for Geelong. I now come to the expenditure, and I have stated that in two or three different forms, in order that the House may know all that I know about it. I am not prepared to allege that in a strict and proper sense all the reduc- tions can bo properly called economy. But what I say is this, that we only propose to expend a sum proportioned to tho decreased amount of revenue that we expect to receive. Wo may bo told that there is a great reduc lion under the head of public works. (Hear hear.) I admit that at once. (Mr. LONG- MORE.-Hear, hear ) I wish the hon. member would bo quiet. Ho is no doubt cock of the walk at Collingwood, but he ought to allow me to proceed in my statement I have endeavoured to reduco the ex. penditure in tho most beneficial way for the country ; and as far as seemed prac- ticable, to bring it under tho reduced esti- mate of receipts which we thought absolutely necessary. Tbo reductions are, no doubt, most prominent under public works ; but, I ask, is it absolutely necessary to place on the Esti- mates for 1870 a sum for a new front to the Parliament Houses in such a state of the rerenue? Or is it indispensable that we should this year finish tho Custom-house? Nor do I think that the £25,000 for the supply of Ballarat with water should be placed on the Estimates, knowing that a new arrangement is impending, by which the sura will come out of the forthcoming loan. As the money nius*5 ultimately come out of the loan, I think it is a mistake to place it in tbo estimates of ex- penditure for 1870. The decrease in the ex- penditure for tho several departments I have summarised thus :-In the Chief Secretary's, £13,780; Attorney-General's, £6,519; Soli- citor-General's, £3,955 ; Treasurer's, £37,519 And here I may as well explain that £30,000 of this amount is for sums voted for ex- penditure in I860 for water supply to ¡the gold-fields, and not expended. That sum ought to appear in tho expenditure of 1869, and not that of 1870. Crown Lands he had reduced £7,136 ; Public Works, ¡in- cluding the £25,000 ho had referred to about water supply, £107,452-(hear, heal)-Trade and Customs, £8,415 ; Commissioner of Rail- ways department, £11,828; Roads and Bridges, £32,481 ; Mines, £23,504. The total reduction of salaries and woges is only £2,482, and I may state the heaviest item of that amount the Government havo been ,ablo to save through the unfortu- nate death of tho late inspector of Cus- toms, Mr. Guthrie. Virtually, we have ?made no reduction whatever in salaries,'ex- cept in some cases whore amounts havo been claimed and sent in to the House which the House has not yet ratified. I repeat again, we have only reduced the salaries for the year 1870 wherever they havo been sent in to this House, and not ratified, and wo do not mean to ratify thom until tho Houso has expressed an opinion upon them. The departmental contingencies aro a satisfactory item so far as the amount is concerned, ns there will bo a sa-ring of £50,757. I am glad to say that, »ssistcd by my bon. friend the Chief Secre- tary, we adopted the plun of sending round to each department, not only to the political heads but to the practical heads, and somo tii-pJ pethers in the departments, and wo found that in many departments very mate- rial reductions were not only practicable but desirable. In one case we sont a circular to tho judges, requesting thom to consider thoir estimate of £900 for travelling expenses "Well, tho judges «at once reduced thoir estimates 10 per cent. Now, I have «0 doubt that the late Treasurer had not thought of such a saving. How- ever, I can only say, seeing that the sum was one which tho Houso cannot touch, the action of the judges showed a very proper motive on their part. The special appropria- tions of my predecessor included an item pay -ablo to Mr. Childers, formerly Commissioner I of Customs in this colony, of £886 13s. 4d. as a peiuion. I can only say that it is within tho knowledge of this Houso and of the Government, that as long as Mr. Childers has the honour of being a member of Her Majesty's Government in England, ho cannot takehispenson. I cnnonlj say myself, "long may ho rcinain a member of that Govern- ment." (Laughter). Then, again, I find in part 4 of the special appropriations, £5,000 for the Legislative Council, on which there will bo a saving of £1,000. I find next, sir, that my predecessors have manifestly provided for a general election during tho year. I think we do not anticipate any such event, and wo have reduced tho estimate accordingly. We did not propose to go through the ordeal of a general election ; at any rato, wo havo not estimated for it, and I think our estimate under that bend will bo satisfactory to tho House. (Hear hear.) There is no mis. take about tho late Government antici- pating a general election. Thero is another item which requires explanation, so far as the facts aro concerned, and that is tho amount computed 03 due on the railway Joan. My predecessor computed that only £030,000 would be required, but I find that between £042,000 and £013,000 will bo needed, and therefore I havo increased the sum to between those amounts. I find also, in reference to tho amounts allowed to masters of vessels for postal subsidios, that my predecessor set down tho amount at £2,500. By a scrutiny of post votes I found that the amount for that service in 1867 was £1,672 ; in 1868, £1,591 ; in 1809, £1,834 ; and therefore I reduced the item for this year by £500, leaving it at £2,000. I next find, going to the interest on post-office savings banks, that the amount is set down at £10,000. Now, sir, I admit at once that tho late Treasurer seemed to have made a hit at the acumen and ability of my hon. friend tho present Chief Secretary, if he had done what he was alleged to have done in paying 4 per cent, upon £200,000 or £250,000 deposited in the post- offico savings banks, and only getting 2 per cent, in return for it. I must say that tbo matter was put so as to make it appear that tbo banks had been preferred to tho revenue, and that an unwarranted or almost unjustifiable arrangement had been mado, by which the Government paid 4 per cent, on the money and only got 2 per cent, for it. Now, from the knowledgo I had of my hon. colleague, I was not inclined to accept the statement without information, and therefore, unconnected with bim, I inquired, in refer- ence to this very item, and I found the facts to bo these, and they aro fortunately supported by a document laid on the table a few days since. If any one will re- fer to tho balance-sheet of tho 31st De- cember, 1869, he will find that on tbo 31st December, 1868, they had in tho post-offico savings banks, £152,000. On tho 1st of Feb mary, I860, there was a sum of £162,084 to the credit of those banks. My hon. colleague, ui on the latter date, invested, £129,139 15s. of the £102,000 odd in our own 5 per cent, deben- tures, thus going as close up to investing the whole of the money as any mercantile man would think prudent. Therefore, the Chief Secretary had obtained 5 per cent, for money for which the Government was only paying 4 per cent., and was not receiving only 2 per cent., asthclatcTreasurcrsaid. My predecessor estimated the interest to be paid on tho post, office savings banks' monoys would be £10,000, but I only estimate it at £1,000. I find that the average amount of deposits in tie year, commencing as it did with £162,000, and ending as I suppose it will with £300,000, is £248,000. Now, that at 4 per cent, interest is £9,92i.>, against which it is manifest thoro is the interest on £129,000 invested in. debentures at 5 per cent., which will amount to £6,450. But, sir, in looking also to that finance ac- count, I find to tho credit of tho trust fund interest amounting to £5,01012s. 3d., whereas at the end of tho year it only stood at £2,383 12s. 7d, Well, now I claim on that difference £2,470, which 1 have added to tho amount to be obtained from tho coupons on the deben- tures, making together £8,920. Therefore it will be seen that, taking the amount of £9,920 that bos to be paid in 4 por cent, interest, there «ill be only £1,000 to bo provided for on the Estimates on that account. I next come to the sum of £200,000 set aside for the railway loan liquidation and con. struction fund, and which hon. members would seo was still kept free from disburse- ment. The hon. member for West Mel- bourne had suggested, or some other per- son did, that tho £200,000 should not go out of the revenue of this year ; but, sir, we havo found that we can afford it, and as the section of the Houso which first pro posed it, wo have let it remain at tho sura stated, although at any rate in equity or in law wo might have reduced it. The Land Act only came into operation on the 1st of Febiuary, and therefore wo had a right to set down only a portion of the amount instead of the full sum, but inasmuch as a clause in the act says that £200,000 shall bo appro- priated, wo have left it at that amount. Some hon. members of that Houso would' re- member that I and my bon. colleague tho Chief Secretary have sometimes differed as to tho desirability or non-desirability of a sink- ing fund, and this £200,000 is a compromise between us. Now, in reference to tho utility of this £200,000, I personally entertain a strong feeling that the most desirable and conservativo application of it would be to con stitnte it a sinking fund, and that the Post office savings banks deposits, with those in'the savings banks, which amount to moro than £1,000,000, should in fact, be invested in the names of trustees, appointed under an act of Parliament for the special purpose of placing these sums beyond the reach of the momen- tary, aud perhaps inexpedient, influonco of the respectivo views which the members of this House may entertain as to thoir obligations. And, sir, I havo some cal- culations respecting this £200,000, ' which I submit very diffidently, because I havo not checked them, though I believe that they are correct, Tho National Victorian debt on tho 1st January, 1870, was £12,735,100, which included £2,100,000 that wo havo still unfortunately in our coffers for tho opera- tions of the North-Eastern Railway. Now, the investment annually of £200,000 at 5 per cent.-the rate of our debentures at homo would, at compound interest, payable half yearly, in 29.J years, amounts to £12,908,554. Thus it will bo seen that by this £2OOJO0O being allowed to rest, it would increase in 30 years to a sum that would moro than|ex tinguish tho debt. Tho railways would pay off a largo amount, and tbo balanco would only bo left to bo dealt with. The reserva- tion of that £200,000, if applied to tho object which I promoted in the first instance, and supported in the second, would avoid-I (still say individually, and without the authority of the Government- leaving futurity to n)eot our present obligations. I wish to add to this memorandum that tho operation of this sum of money commencing on 1st July, 1870, would bo completed on 21st Decembor, 1898, and tho debt would then bo extinguished, I have not the slightest doubt that tho dobt would be líully met in 29-3 years. Now, I como to the Estimates, and I must state that though a good many pooplo think that (ho consideration of Estimates is rather dry, still, when you havo a task be- fore you, it warms you ¡ you 'begin to sym- pathise with the work, and you take an absolute pleasuro in adding up figures, making all manner of calculations, and arriving at their results. (Laughter.) I havo had the Estimates divided in different ways, with a view to inform myself and my col- leagues in tho first place, and to inform the members of tho Houso in tho next. It wa3 necessary to bo careful before deciding upon the policy of the year, and especially the policy of economy-for extravagance was the groundwork of the charge against our pre- decessors, and was tho cause of their leaving theso benches. I commence, therefore, by describing to the House what aro tho facts of the case, and grouping in different forms tho items which constitute tho Estimates os a whole. Now I find that tho amount ex- pended in salaries and labour during 1869, by the statement No. 1-1 shall not give tho details, although I have no objection to do so -is £39,430 8s. Id. It is within tho know- ledge of every member of this House that it is beyond their power to deal with this item, which is under tho hoad of special appro" priations. The next deals with the persons recognised under the denomination of classi- fied civil servants, who number 036, and whoso salaries amount to £250,302. The third group comprises those who como under the third schedule, whose wages amount to £180,020. Theso are tho different classes of officers under tbo Civil Servico Act, classified or otherwise. The first -group comos under special appropriations, and includes the Go- vernor, the Miuisters, and persons of that kind ; tho next aro classified officers, and the third group includes those who may bo said to be non-classified, and who receive wages under the third schedule. With regard to the salaries of thoso not under the Civil Service Act, I find, under the denomination of those ranking as first- class, the President of tho Legislativo Council, tho Chairman of Committees, tho Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly, County Court judges, scab inspec- tors, Hansard reporters, and persons of that class. Tho salaries of these officers I find to be £45,595. I find tho amount payable to skilled and other labourers, £85,082 10s. I next como to officers whoso salaries amount to £103,995 17s. Od.; labour on the railway, £189,822. In other words, the total ex pense arising from salaries and wages amounts to £924,922, to which may be added those paid out of the revenue on account of waterworks, £10.359, or a total of £941,341. The amount payable lo thoso under the Civil Service Act is £329,329 ; to civil servants not under the act, £582,029 15s. lOd. Having shown that tho salaries and wages sum up to £941,000, I shall next proceed to what I may term tho consolidation of tho Estimates. I find that wo rcceivo from customs and excise, £l,418,b00; territorial, £788,900; from public works, £854,300. That, however, is obtained from railways, water sup- ply, telegraph, and postage-railways £615,000, water supply £08,700, telegraph £35,000, post- ages £135,000, toll receipts £000, making £854,300 ; all'other receipts, £200,500. Thus, under the four heads, customs, territorial, public works, and all other receipts, the total revenue amounts to £3,332,200. I next find, under tho heads of expenditure for salaries and wages, £941,351, Towards ouï na- tional debt we have had to pay every year £938,890. That sum wo havo to pay partly as interest and partly towards tho extinction of tho principal. We paid in 1809 for roads and bridges, grants in aid, &c;, £201,000; railways, £257,800; sala- ries, £25,540, which leaves railways, less sala- ries, £232,320; public buildings, £250,181, making, less salaries, which amount to £20,020, £230,1G4. This makes the gross ex- pense of public works last year £724,320. The giant to tho Education Board was £176,949. to tho industrial schools, inclusivo of salaries, £44,230, making a total of £221,179. On charitable institutions thero were expended last year in tho shape of grants £125,000 ; hospitals for insano £G4,193, less salaries and wages £23,143 ; making a total of £100,050 for charitable institutions. For public worship under the constitution were spent £47,000 ; for police, exclusivo of salarios and wages, thero were paid £36,250 ; and for immigration purposes thero were expended £73,488. I find that last year wo had to return to New South Wales border duties collected on account of that colony £60, COO. Here I would point out that for this sum there wa3 received by this colony no counter advantage. I may also add, recoups to revenue account £30,099. This was mado in 1809 on account of railways and water supply, and it will bo paid back to us. All other expenditure is £253,500. These various items of expenditure, boing added together, mtiko a total of £3,498,127. The analysis of expenditure may bo thus stated : National debt, £938,890; public works, £1,038,174; education, £230,179; arts and .sciences, £39,673--that is, Botanic-gardens £4,170, Observatory £3,123, Public Library and National Gallery £9,845, Industrial and Ti chnological Museum £1,3G2, Nationa Museum £1,592, acclimatisation £1,000 hooks for country libraries £3,000, Horticul tural Society £450, building funds free libraries £2,000, handbooks of information Í525, public parks and gardens £0,100 marine survey £4,000, new industries £2,500, making a total of £39,073. Tho amount ex- pended on defences last year, independent of the Cerberus, was £36,730-volunteers and otaff £19,501, military £6,000, the Nelson and Victoria £11,229. Wo spent on police, in- cluding £36,000, to which I have before made reference, £203,762 ; on gaols, £25,790; penal establishments, £32,305 ; medical £9,061 ; on charitable institutions, £189,193 ; the 'ad- ministration of justice, including judgos, law department, sheriffs, county and other courts, £142,410; immigration, £73,488; bordor customs, £00,000 ; the executive, legislativo, wild administrativo departments, including the Governor, tho Ministers, the Executive Council, survey of Crown lands, &c;, £308,000; public worship, £47,000 ; all other services, £S7,373. Thus, under 15 heads, I havo shown in different shapes and different groups the expenditure to amount to £3,498,127. ogainst which, however, there aro recoups amounting to £38,599. And now, sir, thero is a matter to which I desire to make reference before I deal with special appropriations, viz.-tho question of immigration. I find that during tho nearly .six j cars commencing with 1865aud ending on the 13th May last, tho Government assisted tho passages of persons equivalent to 19,532 statute adults. In 18G5 the assisted immi- gration amounted to 4,784 persons, in 1866 to 3,874, in 1807 to 2,9G8*. in 1808 to 2,619, in 18C9 to 3,817i, and this year up to 13th May to 1,390 persons. I further find that that immigration, spread over that scries of years, amounted to less than 4,000 adults a year ; and the Houso will bo surprised to leam further, that during the same period of time tho other arrivals from Great Britain and all other ports amounted to 139,076 persons, the departures reached ¡-to 132,228 persons, thus leavingan addition to bur population from all other sources of no more than 7,448 persons. This is all tho character and fascinations of Victoria havo managed to gain. I must say this was rathei a surprising result to mo. I had always hoard that those who, having been prosperous hero and going home, met willi a check in their career, in- variably carno back again, but I was not pre- pared to find that literally our voluntary immi- gration does not incrcaso our population to tho extent wo supposo, and that, it docs not amount to 1,000 per annum, I find by this return that, from January, lf-05, to the 31st March, 1870, 26,901 poisons wero added to tbo population from homo, 19,452 of them being Govenimentimmigrants. I find also, in tho estimates of my predecessor, under tho bend of " customs"-for immigra- tion belongs to that department-" Passages for 4,000 warrant immigrants at £11, £11,000 ; I nssoges for 1,200 selected immigrants at £13, £15,000 ; gratuities to surgeons, officers, and constables on board immigrant ships, £0,000 ; total, £05,600." Moreover, I find that up to the 15th May, 1,390 warrant immigrants havo been already' recoived this year, and to that number 500 more havo just boen added by the Great Britain ; or, in other words, taking into consideration tho passage warrants of arrived immigrants, moro than half the sum provided on tbo estimates for this year has been absorbed already. In view of tho existing state of things, the Go- vernment, after some consideration, havo decided to make no alteration in their pre- decessors' estimates on this item, and as to our predecessors' regulations, I may say they have been considered, first of all by the Com- missioner of Customs, and afterwards by the wholo Government, together with the amended regulations, which havo been also deliberated upon by us. It was our opinion, aftor duo thought, that tbo immigration regulations of our predecessors did not find acceptance. Our own amended regulations havo gone so far as to be committed to type, hut thoy are not yot concluded upon, although thoy will bo at the earliest possible date. Before this item is dealt with,,howovcr, I shall be able to submit these regulations, which will be moro restricted in their character than those of the last Government ; and I promise that au op- portunity shall be afforded to tho Houso of discussing and dealing with them on their merits. Kow, sir, I will come to another point. I find-what is within the knowledge of tho House-that in older to ^ pay the ex- penses of the North-eastern line of railway, the borrowing of £2,100,000 was autho- rised by the Houso l8 months ago. Of course it is very easy to be wiso after the event, but I admit that we were rather pro cipitatc in anticipating the point of time at which wo should require this money. Also, it seems that the money remains somewhat unsatisfactorily employed. I find that £230,000 remains to the credit of the public account, that £540,000 is in London, and that we havo invested in what my predecessor calls a Oxed deposit-which, by tho way, is none the less at call-I say a fixed deposit Mr. BERRY.-No. Mr. FRANCIS.-At any rate, the money is at the command of the Government before tho expiry of the term of deposit. Mr. BERRY was understood to say that ho was misquoted. Mr. FRANCIS.-I find in p. 141 of Hansard, that my bon. predecessor is reported to have said in reference to this subject: "Therefore the proposal which I now submit to the committee will make a diffe- rence in interest alone of between £25,000 and £30,000. " Mr. Francis.-On a fixed deposit. "Mr. Berry.-I need scarcely say that, although a fixed deposit, it will be made on conditions enabling tho Government to vary it, if necessary." Mr. BERRY, who spoke inaudibly across the table, was understood to ask if the bon. member was awaro of the anangements pre- viously made by his present bon. colleague. Mr. FRANCIS.-! am aware of nothing of the kind. 1 can only say that the letter from the banks to my predecessor expiossed a formal undertaking. The letter was pub- lished in Hansard. It is this : " Bank of Australasia, Melbourne, March 7,1870. " To the lion, tho Treasurer of Victoria. "Sir,-1 have the honour to acknowledge tho receipt of your letter of this day's date, stating that you are desirous of making ar mngementsfor depositing with tho six con- tracting banks that portion of tho loan lately raised for railway purposes which will not bo required for a period of 12 months as a fixed deposit, and requesting to know what interest the banks will allow under such an arrange- ment. " In reply, I havo to inform you that the associated banks are prepared to purchaso your hills on the chairman in London at par, for such an amount as you may determine on placing as a fixed deposit for 12 months, and to allow 4 per cent, interest thereon. "In making this offer to the Government on tho part ot the associated banks, I must beg it to be considered an exceptional one, und that it should not be held to affect the agreement that exists between the Govern- ment and the banks as to the terms and con- ditions on which the public account is con- ducted,-lam, sir, your obedient servant, "D. G. M "ARTHUR, Chairman of Representatives." I see the bon. member's signature to a letter on the subject, or at least that of Mr, W. H. Hull, the acting under-treasurer. On March 4tb, 1870, a letter was addressed to the chair- man of the representatives of the contracting banks, in which the following passage occurs : " Sirs,-Referring to the telegram received with your letter of the 17th ult, announcing the placing of the rest of the railway loan, 1 oin directed to state that the Treasurer is anxious to make arrangements for depositing, if possible, with tho six contracting banks, ihat portion of the loan which will probably not be required for say 12 months, as a fixed deposit." That at any rate would seem to contemplate a fixed deposit. Mr. BERRY.-Of coursoit does. Mr. FRANCIS.-I havo fouud it my duty to see whether I could not vary this deposit, as a protest was received from the Treasury from the audit commissioners against the money, which, ought to be to the credit of the public account-against money which ought to be on demand, being placed out of iho public account and on a fixed deposit. I um not prepared to say that in his zeal to achieve what he thought would be an advan- tageous arrangement for the country, my predecessor has not oxceeded the require- ments of the law, for it is impossible to deny, from the expressions contained in those two letters I havo read, that on one sido and the other a fixed deposit was contemplated for 12 months. Mr. BERRY.-No one does deny it. Mr. FRANCIS.-I understood you to deny it. I wish to show that tho whole of the £1,200,000 is, in my opinion, a fixed deposit. Mr. BERRY.-And in mino also. Mr. FRANCIS.-There is between £200,000 and £350,000 lyingidle at the public accounts in the colony, and about £514,000 at the banks at home. I hope, in the interests of the public, to make a good use of a portion of this money in the course of a few weeks. In a few days my hon. colleague the Minister of Mines will submit to tho House his plan for raising a further loan to complete tho water works. I shall propose that a bill shall bo passed containing an enabling clauso, or some other provision, authorising, with tho concurrence of the House, the using part of the money now lying at 2 per cent, in London, and which, or a sum equivalent to which, must remain practically without a better occupation, unless again deposited as a fixed deposit, for l8 months or two years. In other words, I shall propose that the Com- missioner of Railways shall placo the Minis- ter of Mines in funds to purchaso tho deben- tures which may bo issued under any new loun which may bo authorised. Thus the interest on the new loan may bo practically saved. The Houso will, in addition to the loan required for the completion of our magnificent and comprehensive scheme for water supply, havo to incur fur- ther expenditure for defence purpose Two or" three years ago the Houáo 'sanc- tioned the expenditure of £100,000 for this purpose. I find that in London we paid on account of the Cerberus £11,097. Wo havo also spent £13,333 on account of the Nelson £16,000 for ordnance, £2,000 for carriages, waggons, &c.; ; £17,000 for munitions of war, J.1,500 for ordnance stores, and othor smaller items. In nil, wo expended up to the end of last year £G3,800 out of tho £100,000 au- thorised. It must, however, bo remembered that the net proceeds of the loan amounted to £98,299. My predecessor remitted to Lon- don in March last £15,000 of this loan, a fact of which ho does not seem aware. I subsequently remitted £5,000 to meet claims received by our agent-general against the C'erbeius. Of a further remittance of £18,000 made in June, 1869, £953, tho amount of tho unexpended balance still available, was also iipplicd to this purpose. These unexpended limittanccs amounted to £20,953, which, ndded to £03,800, the amount expended, mado up a total of £87,706, the amount ap- propriated out of tho £100,000 loan, thus leaving an availablo balance of £10,593, But by later accounts which I hold in my hand, I find we have paid or remitted on account of tho Nelson some £13,000. 1 thought we were to got tho Nelson for nothing, or thereabouts, but such does not seem to bo tho case We paid in Docem l-er last, on account of her, £13,333, and wo liavo another bill sont in for ¿13,773 more, still due to tbo British. Government, so that we shall have to pay altogether about £27,000 for etceteras about which I admit I have not i ceci ved satisfactory particulars. With re- spect to the Cerborus, I find that prior to December last £11,097 was poid on her ac- count. By a lottor dated December 3rd, the npont-general forwarded a 'requisition for £5,623 ; and on January 28th for £12,139 7s, lOd. Thus, though on account of the Cerberus we have already paid a largo sum, wo shall yet havo to pay £37,242 more before wo mako up the £00,000 which represents our share of her cost. The remaining £100,000 tho British Government pay, Mr. M'LELLAN.-Let them keep her. Mr. FRANCIS.-When we havo paid £11,000, £13,000, and £5,000, it is rather late to consider that. Under these circumstances wo shall require, in addition to the £100,000, at least a further sura of £40,000 to complete our obligations in respect to tho Cerborus.' it is merely idle to say now that the homo Go- vernment may keep the vessel on account of a mere difference of opinion respecting her value. I have tho opinion of a high naval authority as to her value. This gentleman, on a recent visit to the colony, cxprcssod to mo the highest consideration for a vessej of the description of the Cerberus for tho pro- tection of this port. Mr. M'LELLAN.-The British Govern- ment. Mr. FRANCIS.-I do not protend to, and will not npe, tho possession of knowlcdgi which I do not possess. I confess I' an not competent to decido whether tbt Cerberus is a proper class of vesse to defend our harbour, but I am pre pared to say this, that I place far greater re lianco upon the information I havo obtained from the gentleman referred to than on the opinion of tbo bon. member for Ararat (Mr. MXellan). The gentleman I allude to ii much hotter informed than ho is, and is infi- nitely superior in every respect. (Laughter, and cries of "Name, name.") I am speaking of a gentleman who carno out hore recently in command of six vessels of war, and he spoke confidently of tho value of the Cer- berus for purposes of defence, and I take it tbut his opinion is entitled to somo weight. Ho said,-"Of this be assured, if you had the Cerberus here, manned simply with naval volunteers, in an inefficient manner, I should not venture to attack you if the fleet I commanded were a hostile ono." (Cheers.) That is Admiral nornby's opinion. Mr. M'LELLAN.-Tbo British Government would not use her as a war ship. Mr. FRANCIS.-We accepted the vessel as a compliment- as a gift or contribution of the British Government towards our defences, and it would be in the highest degreo un- handsome, if not shameful, for us as a com- munity to repudiate our engagements be- cause, on the whim of the moment, a portion of our representatives disapproved of the vessel. It therefore seems to mo that wo shall have to próvido for tho pay- ment of the £37,000 1 havo spoken of. I may infwm tbo Houso that thoro is an item on tho Estimates of £15,000 for subsidising water supply to municipalities, particularly Clunes. For this wo nro under obligations to our predecessors in office, who themselves proposed to spend £30,000 for this purpose, but we have only placed £15,000 on our Estimates. Besides this, the late Government proposed to expend £15,0C0 in the purchase of tbo pipes required tocontinue tboreticulationaround Melbourne. That sum does not appear on our estimates. There is a proposition to be submitted to the House, and which has been initiated already, to induce the Government to buy pipes now here at advantageous forms. The cost of thom will be an addition to the sum placed on the estimates, and as I said earlier in the evening, it may be taken out of tho balance of £92,000 which is in the hands of the House to deal with at its discretion. I shall not, I trust, trouble tho Houso much more with tho special "estimates which wo bave had under review. But in dealing with tho sources of revenue, and in going over the table which is now before me-being a re- capitulation of tho different sources of mcomo for the last 15 years-I meet with facts which surpriso mo somewhat, and which I am prepared to suppose may not bo unin- teresting to the House. In taking tho major poit of tho largor items of re- venue in 1656, viz., spirits, wine, ale and porter, gold, publicans' and other licences, sale of land by auction, miners' rights, busi- ness licences, and prison labour, I find thattho gross revenue from theso sources was £2,330,492, Now, following these items down through the last 15 years, I find that in 1869 the revenue from the samo sources only amounted to £923,026. When did that change moke itself manifest? That change made itself patent in 1863, when tho íevcnuo of 1856, of £2,330,492, had reduced itself to £1,171,919. In tho interval between the two years 1S56 and 1863 the revenue from spirits bad gone down from £760,000 in 1856 to £495,000 in 1863 ; and the revonuo from «old from £374,000 in 185G to £122,000 in 1803, and gold is now omitted from our .?ources of revenue altogether. (Hear, bear.) In 1803, it became manifestly the duty of the Government Of which I was i hen a member to consider tho posi- lion in which they wore placed on ac- count of the falling off which each year pre- sented on comparison with tho preceding ono. The selection of these threo years, 1856,1863, nnd 1869, for the purposes of comparison, is fonneeted with this circumstance, that they ure the only years in which the estimates of íevenuo made at the beginning of the year were exceeded by tho actual receipts at tho i nd of tbo year. Out of the 15 years there are only three in which tho actual re- venue exceeded tho estimated revenue. It became a necessity, therefore, to stop this continual sweeping discrepancy as between îeceipt and estimate. In 1862, therefore, in order to check, if possible, the growing defi- ciency, new duties, amounting altogether to about £100,000, weroimpoBcd ; but still they did not satisfactorily check the downward progress of our income. In 1863, when the bon. member for Mornington was in office, wo intioducedtbo wharfagerates, which produced £104,000, and subsequent years still showed u. decrease. By means of new items of íevenuo, including the railway income, which did not exist in tho first- named year, wo now net an equivalent for tho failing sources of revt-nuo. These new items-consisting of opium, rice, hops, &c;, yielding £51,019, ex- cise yielding £43,000, wharfage and harbour tates £101,000, new duties £254,000, rail- way income £014,000, water supply £66,000, und telegraphs £133.000-together produce a uross total of £1,309,059, and added to the revenue becomo an equivalent for thoso items of revenue which had gradually decreased, showing that from whatever point of view you may tako it, in 1803, or rathor subsequently to it, a material alteration in the character of our tariff was indispensable, or at tiny rate some now sources of revonuo were absolutely nocessary. The Governmout had to consider what would be the best, method of amending the tariff, and I believed that it was a sound policy vi hieb was then advocotcd by the Government uf which I was a member. After fivo or six years' experience of later tariffs, I am satis lied, notwithstanding all that has been said, that tho progress of Victoria under tho exist- ing financial arrangements and fiscal mea- sures has been more satisfactory than that of any other colony. _ In asserting this I am .-peaking neither in ignorance nor in presump- tion. I obtained, through the kind assistance of Mr. Dopping.in the Parliamentary Library, information regarding the comparativo finan- cial progress of tho wholo of the Australian gioup. I found that thero were varie- ties of inflation and depression, from error or failures, on tho ono _ hand, aud almost unaccountable varieties of -.?ucccss. if I may vonturQ to uso. tho lefni, 'bû lîio oilier. For tho purpose c! .hawing a parallel between their condition and ours I could not take the returns for last year, because they would not givo a com- parison which would bo satisfactory to my mind and the House, for tho simplo reason that our own incomo for that year is still a matter of estimate. I chose tho year 1868, for which all the other colonies, I found, had elosed their accounts of revenue and expendi- ture. What do I find to bo the result of an examination of tbo blue-books of tho different colonies for 1868? I had somo dif- fidence in dealing with the figures they con 'ained, and I was ably assisted in my research hy an officer of the Treasury and Mr. Doppin of the Library. I can only say that my judg- ment is based upon a scrupulous exami- nation of the different sources of information contuincd iix the library. The following aro the facts I find with reference to the six dif- ferent colonies, taking tbo last year for which we havo completed returns, namely 1868. I find regarding New South Walos that tho íevenuo of that colony for 1868 amounted to £2,045,350, tbo expenditure to £2,295,938, showing a deficit of £250,082. As to South Australia, I find that tbo receipts in 1868 i amounted to £716,004, tho expenditure to £852,089, showing a deficit of £136,685. In Tasmania, the incomo amounted to £257,283, the expenditure to £259,753, showing a deficit of £2,470. In Queensland, I find tho revenue amounted to £724.855, tho expenditure to £770,000, showing a doficit of £45,145. In New Zealand, tho revenue nmounted to £1,567,987, tho expenditure to £1,742,383, showing a doficit of £174,390. Or, in thefive colonies, a gross deficit of £600,000. When wo como to our colony wo find that tho revenue amounted to £3,287,952, and tho expenditure to £3,180,321, showing a surplus, duly carried forward by myself to-night in tho Estimates 1 havo submitted, of £98,031. (Hear, hoar.) Thus I am forced to tho satisfactory conclusion that whatever muy bo Baid elsewhere as to tbo falling away of our prosperity, yet nevertheless out of tho six colonies of the Australian group, taking the last closed year, thisisthoonly colony whoso budget has been realised, and tho yoar closed with a positive and satisfactory balanco to tho good, while tbo other colonies aro in a posi- tion showing an average deficit of £100,000 each. Let us turn to the mother country. I find by looking at tho best authorities that in the year 1803 9-1 mean tho financial year, which closed in April in that year-thora was a deficiency in the accounts of Great Britain of £2,905,82-1. This deficiency was partly owing to tho provision which bad to bo mado for obligations occasioned by tbo Abyssinian war. Somewhat glorious news was receivod by tbo last mail as to the rovonuo rcturus for 1809-1870, but the surplus of about threo and a half millions was to a great oxtont owing to some clover alterations mado in tho machinery for collecting taxes, which under tho former arrangement would havo Lroperly belonged to the following year. By means of this alteration, the Chanoollor of the Exchequer was enabled to toop his estimates square, and come out with a nominal surplus. Rigorously looked into, tho surplus only amounted to £200,000. It is some satisfaction to us that, notwith- standing the much-abused fiscal system now in vogue, wo find ourselves placed in our pre- sent position. I think it especially necessary that these facts should bo mentioned, because we have seen lately sent to England hy the lost mail, for circulation there, a statement likely to do us a good deal of damage. I am not going to criticise at length the address of the president of tho Chamber of Commerce. I do not think this the proper place. Per- haps, as a member of the chamber, I should have argued there, but as a public mau I did not consider it fit to do so. But when I find conclusions founded upon a wrong basis printed for circulation and going through tho world upon the authority of the Melbourne Chambor of Com- merce, I feel bound to take some notico of them. I find that Mr. Lorimer, tho retiring president for the year, in his address, takes a list of certain selected articles from the schedule of imports, that oxtend over some 13 lines to show that in 1809 wo had exceeded the importations of 1868 to the extent of £447.000, and he makes this remark : "These articles aro all subject to the now duties imposed by the present tariff, and the increase of £447,109, which tho figures exhibit, must bo very bewildering and disappointing to thoso politicians who imposed the duties for the purpose of restricting importations and encouraging local industries," That is his argument, and when the presi- dent of the Chambor of Commerce refers to the commerco of 1868 and 1809, and points out that tho result of the tariff has beon to damage our trade, it is my duty to point out to the House what was the condition of tho trade in the self-same articles in 1863 and 1S64, the two years immediately preceding the introduction of the tariff under which 1 am bold touflirm tho country is now so prosperous I compare 1868 with 1863, and 1869 with 1864 I admit at once that the importations for 1808 were £1,388,443 for articles of a general character. It is, no doubt, an unsatisfactory condition of things that the importations for 1808 were £1,388,443, but when I turn back to 38C3, and look at tho returns 'for tho self- same articles, I find that the importations were £4,609,112. In 1809 tho importations of the same articles were £1,835,652, and in 1864 they wero £4,696,099. I shall read a list of the articles ¡-Agricultural implements, ap- parel and slops, doors, drapery, furniture, (lour, grain, hnts, caps, bonnets, hardware and ironmongery, oilmen's Blores, saddlery and harness, tools and utensils, woodenwaro. If the effect of the tariff has beon to reduce tho importations of these articles from four millions to less than -two millions, I can only say that I hope we shall go back in tho self-same way forthonexthalf-dozon years. Al- lusion was also made to the rapid aud deleterious falling off in tho intercolonial trado. I shall not trouble the House at any great length with observations on this point, but I Bay that tho falling off is only nominal, and I am .satisfied that the president of the Chamber of Commerco will on reconsideration admit that it is not real. Adding up thon tho imports and exports for 1863 and 1801 in the intercolonial trade, I find that they totted up £13,427,000, whilst our present im- ports and exporta add up £12,G73,000, or a difference of £800,000, an apparent falling off of 7.J per cent. Now, it is within the know- ledge of every mercantile man, if not of every man in the House, that the system followed anterior to tho present tariff, was, in valuing all articles both in and out. to exaggerate the value of everything, both exported and imported. Not only was it customary to estimate the first cost, but also to add the insurance and land- ing charges and the estimated profits. In fact, a most absurd valuation was placed on both imports and exports. Commercial firms of eminence flourished to their heart's con tint, and figured in the Journal of Commerce as large importers and exporters. There nero some exceptions no doubt-credit- able exceptions, but tho practice was to over-value everything 25 por cent, at least ; but now when a duty is placed on many articles of import, merchants are more likely to reduce the valuation as far as thoir con- sciences will let them, aud therefore wo might reasonably calculate on seeing a nominal falling off in the intercolonial trade of 25 per cent., but the total falling off, ac- cording to the president of tho Chambor of Commerce, is only 7J por cent. I therefore leavo the Houso to judge of tho value of the argumonts offorod to us on this point. Tho Government of which I waa a member was not favourable to what is called the American system of customs fiscal duties. The system which wo considered best, and which found favour both in the House and in the country, was to weight tho importations only, so as, while notincreasing materially tho cost to the consumer, it would give encourage- ment to the establishment of local indus- tries, tho creation of schools of industry, and, what was not a less desideratum, the cm plojment of our own labour. That was our view, and we did not desire to increase tho cost of articles to the consumor. A statement was made during tho debate on tho lost budget by the bon. mombor Mr. Langton, to which I was not ahlo to reply at tho timo, that one defect in our legislation v as the difference of 4s. per gallon in favour of colonial-made sphits. Now, that was tho very principio to which the Government of which ho was a member mado objec- tion ; wo objected to putting oxcossivo duties on a few articles, but choso to diffuse llictn over a larger number of articles, so as to give a preference to the colonial industries, und encouragement to their establishment. The Houso must also bo aware that tho imposition of the extreme differential duty on colonial spirits of 4s. por gallon was carried in 1862, Mr. Haines being the Treaturer, and Mr. O'shanassy hoad of tho Atlministiation. Exception has also been tnken to tho duty on salt. Wo wero told that the duly was 300 percent., and ono of tho principal grievances connected with the duty was that it affected prejudicially the preserva- tion of fresh meat. Now, I understand that to preserve fresh roeatin tinsitisonly necessary to life an infinitesimal quantity of salt, and the duty is only equal to about half a farthing por lb. It is absurd, therefore, to say that tho i fleet of the duty is to ciush a colonial irKJUî tiy that ought to bo encouraged. Wo may ii<»xfc lin fold that, tim dii(y on tin andiron affects tim manufacture of preserved meat., I don't know how much tin or iron is used in the manufacture, but I do know that there is no duty on either of thoso articles. These aro the kind of arguments urged «gainst the present tariff, and if the others Imiial trade, I will givo somo statistics o* importation of pieco goods, which form tho basis of roany of our colonial manufactures. Before 3805 the pieco goods wont under the gcueialhoad of drapery. In I860, tho first year of the duty, the valuo of the pieco goods imported was £374,360 ; in 1867, tho va'uo was £883,526 ; in 1S68, £939,950 ; in 1809, £1,035,485. These pieco goods aro the raw materials on which many of our factories arb founded, and tho growth of tho importa- tions between 18G5 and 1809 shows clearly the increase of our industrias, and the employ- ment of hundreds and thousands of our young people and others may bo traced, in gital measure to the importation of this raw material, tho value of which has increased 120 per cent, between 18G5 and 18G9. 1 have now in my hand tho lost pnper to which I shall refer, A proposition was lately mado to absolutely disconnect the receipts and ox pndituro of ono year from thoso in tho fol- lowing year. I ventured to express an opinion that that plan will bo found impracticable, and I shall now place boforo the country a few facts against that proposition. I find, Sir, in tho year 1867 that wo brought forward from 1866 a sum of £82,701, and 1 lind that wo received during that year for revenue £3,043,899; but I find that during 1808 wo received on account of 1807, £172.472, ni ii king a total revenue for tho year 1807 of £3.209,017. Now, Sir, I find that during the ..«me year (1807) wo collected £2,220,018, but in the next year wo also collocted on ne rount Of 1807 £1,016,800, or half of tho levenue of the year. Thon, in 1808. wo carried feirward from 1807 £07,000. Wo received during that year £3,022,922. I find that wo received in 1869, on account of 1868, £207,832, making a total rovenuo of £3,230,754. Wo expended in 1868,i,on account of 1867, £925.490. I may state that wo havo received already in 1870, on occount of 1809, £107,740, and that we havo expended in 1869 £1,042,928, which was on nccount of tho previous yoar. Thoso figures, I contend, show tho oxtromo difficulty there would boto striko a balanceo! the finances on the 31st December, and that wu should havo moro than one-third or ono half of our money unoxpendod, which wo should havo to voto again if wo adopted the plan pror/osed by the hon. momber for West Melbourne, without its having at any rate somo preserving clause. Still I consider the proposition of the hon. member for West Melbourne of such importance that I should ask for tho appointment of a1 select commit- tee to givo it full consideration. I havo not designedly omitted in my statement any in formation which I thought ought to bo placed before tho House. I started with the assertion that this Govern- ment had accepted the responsibility of reducing the estimates of rovenuo, and thoy havo reduced them by £190,000. I fur- ther stated that tho estimate of expenditure* had been reduced £252,000. I repeot again I should bo very sorry, even by implication, that the reductions should bo misunderstood. There was about £60.000 from depart- mental _ savings, which included con- tingencies, salaries, and wages, and items which did not como within the full knowledge of the House, and the balanco of the savings is either on works which, in our opinion, should not bo on tho esti- mates at all, or, if thero, should bo at tho reduced extent which the reducod rovonuo of the country calls for. I hopo tho observa- tions which I have mado havo given no oilence ; if so, I am ready to express myrcgiot, and apologise. I shall bo vory elad to give any further explanation the House may require In conclusion, I beg to move that the sum of £1,400 bo granted to Her Majesty for payment of the expenses of. tho Legislative Council. Mr. BERRY, as it would be scarcely pos- sible to go on with tho discussion that night, mo\ed that progress should bo reported, and leave given to sit again. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM wished for an ex- planation from the bon. Treasurer, which ho could givo either on that evening or the fol- lowing one, of ono pare of his statement, which he (Mr. Higinbotham) heard with great suprise. Ho (Mr. Francis) stated that ho pro- posed to ask the Houso to grant a sum for immigration equal to that asked for by the lato Government, namely, £70,000, and ho added the extraordinary statement thatabout half of that sum had already been spent. Now, he wanted to ask the Trea- surer upon what authority the monoy bad been spent, and how? Thero was no authority for spending Is. at present on immigration. The bon. Treasurer stated that the Government wore at liboity to as- sume that Parliament would not disapprove of that expenditure because no adverse voto wau proposed in regard to the existing regu- lations ; but he (Mr. Higinbotham) would re- mind the Treasurer that tho existing regula- tions had been in forco for some years, and had been in forco during tho time thoro had been a special appropriation year by year, by which the regulations could bo carried into force ; but tho special appropriation was now ¡it end, although there might havo been a surplus from last year which might havo been applied to the purposos of immi- gration to a certain extent. It seemed to him to bo an extraordinary thing that tho _ Government should sanction uny expenditure on immigration after thopor tion over from last year had been expended, moro especially as tho lateTreasurerinformed the llouso that no part of tho proceeds of the Supply Bill which was passed by Parliament would be applied to the purposos of any vote whieh there was reason to believe would form nsubject of discussion or difficulty in thoHouse. Ile wanted to know if any of the money grouted in the Supply Bill had beon oxpended for'thepurposeof immigration, and on whatau iboiilj bud the sum of £30,000 beon already expended this year? Where did the money come from, and how had it been issued ? Tho ilouse, he thought, should bo informed on tho question, for it was a startling announce- ment; there really was no reason to consider tb« subject of the voto, or mako any reduc- tion in tho voto of tho last Govornmont, be- cause half of it had beon oxponded. Ho would also ask the Government whether in the interval they intended going on from day to day granting posshgo warrants before the llousu had an opportunity presented to them of arguing on tho question of immigra protion. Ho could assure tho Treasurer that the question would ho argued. Tho Treasurer assumed that probably this subject might bo imssed by altogether, but he could assure him it would not be. It would be discussed, and the Government were now running tho risk nf incurring an expenditure which would not he sanctioned by tho Houso, and if thoy in- curred any moro of it they would bo tloing so with a full knowledge o£ tho risk they wore incurring, and also that they wore doing it without the sane lion of law. Ho would ask tho Treasurer if bo intended expending any moro money without tho authority of Parliament, and also when ho would fix a timo for tho con- sideration of tho particular vote for iinmigra i ion. There was another question ho wished for an explanation of. Ho obsorvod that tho grant for education had not been brought down in detail, and tho bon. the Chief Secre- tary stated the other night that it should bo. Why had not that beon done? Mr. FRANCIS had simply to say that ho accepted tho situation about immigration as ho found it. It might bo that his predeces- sors considered they wore still expending tho special appropriation from tho land revonuo under tho old act, and that it was available by law to 1869. Ho should not try to got a cover in that way for what might porhaps bo - censurable, or what might bo right. Ho could only say that this Government had considered tho amendments of tho immigration re- gulations, which wore now so far ad- vanced as to bo in typo, and that before the sum for immigration could bo voted by tho nouBO, tho nmonded regula- tions would bo laid boforo bon. mombers. A detailed estirante of tho education voto would bo laid upon the tablo of tho Houso as soon as it had beon recoived. Mr. M'CULLOCH said that it had not beon from information given by tho Education lioiiid that ho hud promisod to bring down tho detailed estimates. Ho thought it right that the House should have an opportunity of discussing tho voto, but it uas not until tho board bad furnished thu necessary information that tho ques- tion could bo gone into. With rogord to im- migration ho «id not know how much money lind beon expended on account of this yoar. Out of tho sum now proposed to bo do voted to that object ho would undertake to say that no sums would bo expended until the Ilouse had had an opportunity of discussing the question. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM thought it would bo desirable that instructions should bo sent to the ngent-genoral by tho outgoing mail not to incur any further expenditure in connoxion with immigration, lie understood that Mr. Verdon had sent an agent down to Wigan, mid had entered into negotiations with re- spect to the oxport of paupor families. Mr. M'CULLOCH said that tho lion, and, learned motnber for Brighton (Mr. Higin- botham) had done an injustico to Mr. Verdon. When the proposition ruspocting the*expor- tation of paupers was mado to bira ho at onco, repudiated having anything to do with it. Mr. LONGMORE thought tho bon. tim $'¥. S'wmwry &* ?A* &** ö '-^k^* foi ward answer to um non, member for 'highton (Mr, Higinbotham). i Mr. M'CULLOCH was not quito awtlio whether there was not a portion of the special appropriation of fast year in tho hands of tho «gcnt-gcneral, over which he could havo no control. Ile had told tho bon. mombur for Brighton (Mr. Hujiribotliaui) that no further expenditure should talco placo until the'sub- ject of immigration was discussed, Ho did not know what moro the bon, membur (Mr. Longmore) required. , After somo remarks from Mr, HANNA and Mr. Bunny. Mr. M'CULLOCHsaid that ho did not quito underslundwhiittholatoTreasurordesired, but ns to the courhu the Govornmont would pursue, he could say that they would not follow the ux aniplo of tbo lato Treasurer, and leavo tbo ngent-genoral in ignorance of tbo chango in tho law which mado funds for immigration no longer available under tho Land Act. Ho repeated that tho Govcrnmont would not ..auction the expenditure of Is. out of any vote proposed till tbo llouso bud disposed of tho question for itself. Mr. BERRY.-Will you stop passage-war- rants? Mr. M'CULLOCn would not bo forcod to a prccipitato conclusion. Mr. COllKN thought it preposterous to talk of stopping immigration. Progress was then reported, and loavo given to sit ngain nextday. The remaining business having beon postponed, the llouso roso at a qumter past 11, tilll 4 p.m. next day. TmsExrEomoN TO EQUATORIAL AFRICA. A letter was received at Alexandria on March 14, from Sir Samuel Baker, dated Khartoum, Keb. 7, wherein ho repoits that 32 boats woro collected togethor to convoy him au'd his party to Gondokoro. With tho lost shipment of troops tho total expeditionary forco amounts to 700,- including a battery of artillery. Mr. Higginbotham is reported to ho within four days' march of Khartoum, having crossed tho Nubian Desert, no has under his chargo the stool steamers for tho Albert Nyanza. Mr. Higginbotham baa com- mand of tim rear expedition, and will follow Sir Samuel Baker immediately. All tho member» of the expedition aro in good health and spirits. 