THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. A lecture cm the above subject has recently been delivered in Mount Gambler by the '-Very V ev Dean Fitzgibbon, the Rev. H. Allan, 0.8. A , of Dublin presiJing. Tl.eCh firman introduced the reverend lecturer and bespoke for him anattentve au .ience after which the lecture was commenced, for the follow ing report. of which we are indebted to the columns of the Mmint Gambier Standard : - - The Jfev. Dean Fitzgibbon said — Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen : Ii affords me great pleasure lo appear before you -m this occasion. . The subject upon which I have to address you is one upon which there exists a great difference ol sentiment, of opinion, and of he ief, and on 'th at account is attracting consider- ; ble notice at the present time— a notice tl at furnishes sufficient reason for my appearance here. J n addit on to that, the wi lies of' secera5 whose opinions I v due very fig-lily, have induced me to come forward this evening. «s th ; Chairman has sa:d, 1 have no desire nor wish to offend any one. My o»L motive is to set forth the truth in as eh ar a light as po sible, and thereby ( is pel certain prejudices and erroneous im-' pressions iesp cling it. It is the duty of every one to endeavor to enlighten his ne ghb r; but at the same time it is not the duty Gf any one to force his opinion upon others. But there are two sides to this question, as there are two sides to every picture. My desire this evening is to give y< u the Catholic side of the picture, and show you the truth, thai t c-se rniconeep- tio s wr.ich now exist may cease to have any effect. As I have said, there seems to t e a great. ;n iety as to what is to he done in the Council. Oj in ions are put forward as being coriect, and conjecture? are formed of things to wh.cli an imaginary existence is being giv>n. and cof customs a.e d awn fiom th rn such as are calculated to damage and lessen the Catlr lie faith. Well, my friends, the ubject upon which I have to a 'dress you is one of great importance In fact any thing in connection with the Roman Catholic hii hi is of the greatest importance. (Cheers.) And it is not only so to Catholics but to Protestants as well. Sub jects in connection with the Catlio ics faith haAre been deemed of vast importance by some of the most illus- t ious Protestants. To prove this I will read an extract from the riings of one of En- land's most celebrated Protestant authors. It is an extract taken from the Edinburgh Review, from an art cle wi i ten by L rd Macau, ay, on " Kanke's History of the Popes" ; — " Tlie-e is not, and there never was, on the earth, a w«ik of human policy so well de<e' ving of exami' ation as the Born an < atholic Church. The hist.or of that Church joins together the two great ages of human civilise sion. No other in.stif.ut on is left stand ng whi-h carries the min i hack tr the limes when fhe smoke of sacrifice rose from the Pa1 theon, and when c-ameleopaids and tigers hounded in the Flavian, amphitheatre. The proudest, royal houses are but, of yesterday when comi.ared with the I line of the Fuireme Pontiffs. That line we trace back in an unbnken seii s from the Pope who crowned Napoleon in the n neieenth century to the Pope who crowned Pej in in the eiglfih; ;nd far beyond the time of Pepin the august dyr asty ext tods unt,b it is ost im the twi ight i.f fable. The Republic of Venice c. me next in antiquity. But the Republic of Venice was modern when < < m--8T<d wit i the ) apacy; and the Republic of Venice is gone, and the Papacy remains. The Papacy remains, not in decay — n„t a mere antique, hut fuil of life and youthful vigor. The Catholic Church is still sending- forth to the fan best ends < f the wo Id mi-sionaries is zealous as those who landed in Kent with Augustine, and still confronting hostile kings with the same spirit with which she confronted Attila. The number of her childre > to greater than iii any former age. Her acqui.-itions in the new world have more th n com pensated for what she has lost in ilie old. Per spiritual ascendancy extends over the vast countii s wh ch lie between the pla ns of the Mis ouri and Cape i Horn- countries which, a certu y Ik nee, may no- I improbably cm- tain a populati n as la ge is that which novr int abits- Europe. The m nihers of her ;. commu ion are certainly not fewer than 150 ( 00,000; and it will be difficult to show that a'l the oto>er Christian sects united amounted to 120,000,000. -un do we see any sign which indie a es that the term of her lon- ir doa in on is annroachine-. She saw the commencement < f all the Governments and of all the ecclesia ti al establishments that n.w exist in the wot Id; and we feel no assurance tl at she is not destined to see the end of ill m all. She was great and respected before the Saxons had set foot in Bri aiu — before the Franks had pa-sed the Rhine — when Grecian eloquence still flourished it Antioch — when idols were still worshipped io the Temple of Mecca. And s e may still ex'st in undim.nishcd rigor when some traveller from New Z- aland shall, in the mid.- t of a vast sol tide, t ke his stand upon a bn ken arch of London Badge, to sketch the ruins of St. Pau 's." Th-se words, ladhs and gentleman, were not watt n , by a Cath lie, 1 ut, by a Pivtestant, about thirty years j ago, by one <f the most eminent statesmen and j writer s in i ngland. I merely bring them forwa d to | show you. what learned men, who do ir t b long to our j fai h, thi k of it. 'I here is however a mistake ma<'e , in this e-.t act, for insta. ee wh n he spe ks of 150 millions of adherents 'O the Church. lie does n t state the fact in accordance with t lie latest sta'.totica r< turns, from .which we find that the rnembe- s of the Catholic Church number over 200 mil1 ions. If then outward observers of our Church consider that the study of its history, of irs nature, of i s constitution, and of its instrutidns is of such great imporfarnp) it is surely our du y as members of the Church 'fiso to attach the greate t inqortanee to such a slu y, as well as to devote our ca nest and lest attention to what sha'l be > ai l --his evening. You ar - aware, th n, tiiat an Ecumenical Council is just now being he d in home. It commenced on the 8;h of the present nomh and was announce! about twelvemonths a io. I have no doubt that there, is' an unity' of opinon among Ca holies as to the object of this toounc 1 and its nature, as well : s the deci i >ns likely to emanate from it, as well as to the authority wi h which tl o>e decisions will be attended. There re, Councils of various kinds — Diocesan Council-, Provincial Counci's. National Council15, and General Councils, the latter consisting of bishops, priests, and o h r dignitaries from many parts of the world: and finally there ire Ecumenical Coum i's, in wim h the bisho s and priests of the whole worl I are represented, or ex pect- d to he repre en ted. And ic is just such a ounc 1 a» this tliat is now si ting at Rome. The que ti ns h.-.ve i-e n asked — "What is it about ? What is this Council g< i> g to do ? Is it g< ing, ns some imag ne, to forge new fetters for human liberty; to decree in ore re- trie ions on the human mind ; too mo e pro- gres and the advances of civilization ; to invent new articles of faith ; new dogmas not already known nor believed throughout Chiistendom ? I wi 1 real what this Council are going to do, and my authority is no lc s a personage than our Holy Father Pope Pi- s himself. He will tell you what it is about — what it i g-ci g to do towaids enslaving the wo- Id, and ax- tending his dominion temporal and spiritual '. Nay, ra'her, lie will tell us that the object of thto Count il is (o bring sou's to God - to extend the knowledge of j the truth and do all the good possible. I quote ' Letters Apostolic cf Hi5 Holiness Pope Pius IX , by which the Ecumenical Council is proclaimed, to be held at Rome, and t ' begin on the tiay sacred to the immacu'ate conception of the Virg n Mother of God in the year 1869." It will only he necessary for me to read the following extract: — ' Nor have the -P. niffs (initted, when they th< ught it seas- liable-;" especially in times of very grave disturbance, and/ of calamity to our holy religion and to c vil society, to <i 4. ' - convoke General Councils ; that, com paring counsels and uniting strength with the btobops of the whole Catholic world, whom the Holy Ghost has aj)pointed \ to rule the Church of God. they might wisely and | prudently establish whatsoever might conduce io define j especially the dogmas of fail h, to put o flight ad- | vanc'ng errors, to defen ', illustrate, and develop i Catholic doctrine, to preserve end refoim ecclesiastical j c is iplirie. and to correct the corrupt morals of the ; people. Now, it to w. 11 known and manif st to all by j Row fearful a tempest 1 lie Chur- h is at this time shaken and what, and h w great are the evils with which civil society itself tonfllctod. By the hitter enemies of God and men, the Catholic Church an < her saving f'octrine and « ei erahle p wer, nd the supreme authority of this Holy Fee, have been as ailed and ! tro'den under foot; all sacred things have been despised; ecclesiastical possessions have been plun dered ; bhhops, and most e cclhnt men devoted to divine ministry, and men remarkable for tlieb Ca holic spi it, have been in eery way harra sed ; religious communities have been cesfrnyul; impious hooks of every kind, pesilentialj urnals, and most pernic oris seels of many forms have been <n evn-y side sj r ad abroad ; and the (due tion of the unhappy youth lies' been almost eve y where token away from tiie c ergy, ! and what; is worse, in no few places, committe to the teaches o" iniquity and eiror Hence, to our extreme grief and that of all good m n, and wi h a h ss of souls which can ne er he ei ough deplored, im,iety has been so propagated, together with conuption ol mor;ih,. unb idl- d lic:n e, and the conta ion of all kinds of depraved opmiorw, of all vices, ar.d cn'mes, raid violaLion of divine a d human laws, that not only our most holy religi n, hut human s « iety itself is mherahly d sturbed and afflicted. Amidst so great a ma s theref re of calamities whrewithour heart is overwhemed, the supreme pastoral ministry divinely iiit ust d to us jequires that we more an i moie put forth our strength to repair the r uins of the church, to procu. e the salvati<n of the flock of our Lord, to repress the deadly attacks and endeavors of those who labo>- to overthrow from the foundation both c.vil , ocinty aud, if it wc-r ever possitle, the C u.ch her self. We ndeed by G.d's help, from fhe very com mencement ( f our supreme Pontificate, have never ceased, according to the duty of our most weighty office, to raise r ur voice in many Consistorial Allocu tions ar.d Apostolic Lettirs; and unflinchingly to defend them with all zeal the cause of God and oi H's Holy Church intrusted t > us by Christ the I.ord; to defend the rghto of t is Apo toiic See, and of justice and truth ; to detect the trenche ies of enemies; to condemn lu.-ir errors and false doctrine ; to proscribe fh sects of imnietv ; and to watch <ver and provide for the salvation of the Lord's whole flock But treading in the footstepJ of our illustrious piedcoessors, we have there ore thought it opportune to collect into a General Council (as e I ad long wished) all our Venerable Brethren, the Bishop of the whole Catholic world, wh > have been coded to a Hare of our solicitude. These Venerat le Brethi en indeed, inflamed as they are with singu'ar i< ve towards the Catholic Church, distinguished for eminent piety and observance towards us and thi Apostolic Fe., anxious for the salvation of ouls, < x< elling in wisdom, knowledge, and 'earning, and together with ouisel.es grievous y afflict d at the u ost Fad condition ' oil of .-acr- d and of civil ffairs, have nothing i e-rer at heart than to communicate 'ous and to combine th ir counsels, and apply salutary t emedies to so many calamities. For in t is Ecuin nical Council H ihose things ar t > be ra< st accurately wiiglied and diterrnim (1 hicli, T-yrticularly in these painful limes, especidiy Tr gard tne greater clorv of God, the integrity of the Paitli,' he.uty of ivine worship, and eternal >alva tion of men, tne discipline as well as the salufaiy and soli i -nstruc- tion of the clergy, secular and regular ; the o:sei vance of ccc'esiasccal laws; the reformation of morals; the Christian education of y utb ; and the common peace and concord of all Every effort also must he made that, by God's good 1 elp, Hi evis may he removed from the Church and from civil soci ;t y ; tl-at, unhappy wanderers may be brought back into the straight path tf tvuh, justicj, and salvation; that, vices and emors being taken aw.-.y, our august r Iigion a> d its salutary doctrine mav receive fresh lif- ove all the earth, and increase daily in extent and power; and that thu 5 piety, honor, probity, justice, charity, and all ClnistLn virtues may abound and flourish, to the great benefit of human society. For no one can deny that the powe of the Catlio'ic Church, and of'her doctrine, not only regards men's eternal salvation, but also benefits the temporal welfare of the people; and that it promotes their tru p osptrity, order, and tranquility, ar.d al o the pTOgtvss and solidity of human scheme, as the ann Is of sacred end profane l isto y have ol mlv shown ly conspi uousfa ts, and lonstaotly a- d evidently j roved. And since Ci rist our Lord voace.r l'y reLeshes, recreates, and consoles .- s by tho e wends, 'Where two or three are gathered together in my name, thee am I in the midst; of them,' therefore we < annot doubt that in thi Cor.ucil He will vouch afe to heat hand in the abundance of His Divine Giaej, in o der that, we may be ahl to determine all those things wh ch apperfan in any way to the gie.i er ad van age of His Church. Having, therefore, in thehumi fly of our heart, poured forth night and day, most fervent prayers to God t e Father of L'ghts, we have judged that this Council should, by all means he a sembled. Wherefore, relying" and resting on the authority of Almighty Gccl Himself, Father, Fon, ai d Hoy Ghost and of the Messed A p. sties i'efer and haul, v hich we also exenise on earth, wi ic'i the cornsel md assent of our Venerab'e Bretlu-en ihe Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church, by these letters we pro claim, announce, convoke, and appoint a facied Ecumenical and Ge eral Council to be lie d in 1 his Holy City of ltome, in the coming jear one thou sand e:glit hundred and sixt\ -nine, in the Vatican Basilica; to be begun on the eighth day of ilie montli of December, sacred to the Immaculate C'oi - ceptio:) ot the Virgin Mary, Mother of God ; to b- continued, ai d by tne help of Go 1 to be completed and fla shed f r His Glory, auti for the salvation cf the whole Christian people, l nd we therefore will and command 'hat, from every pla e, all our Vene rable Brethren the Patriarchs Archlisho s, and Bishops, our Beloved Sons the Abbots, anc. all others to w! om by right or by prmege power nas been granted of siifing in General Council- and c;e- c aring their opini us ihcr(in, sh 11 come to th s Icumenical Ccu cil p-ncla'm ed bv us; requiring, cxhortmcr, a mot isliinp-, aid none the less enjoining aud stri tly commanding them, by 'o ce of the oa h which the y hav t; kcw to us and to this ' oly See, a d in virtue cf ln-iy oh elience, and uimer ihe penalties o dinari y eiia ted and proposed by law ca c- stem i ) the celebration of C uuc-1- r gainst tlios who do not con-e, that they be altogether hound t b present , and to ti ke part in this Sacred Coum- un'ess ihey ha; pen to be deterrai ed by ju t impe mrnt, vhich nevertheless tiny will b'-v obliged pivve to the Synod through their legi iiuateproctcp You hear the" wo ds ot the Veneiablc H end of 'Cath '-lie church— woids full of c'aa ity, and. v-eace, animated with the spirit of the Go-pe1 the / p sties, invuing hi> b ethfen, ti e bishops, caidinah, and piitsts, to .come, tcgether io d iihe on t e best means ol promo iug the eternal as /v as the temporal welfare of mankind ; to declare what are the errors of the present day, and to guard the faithful against them; and to enact >uch laws ! rdati g to discipline as may he deemed necessary. My tiimds, tl ere is something- marvellous in the powar which brings together in Ecumenical Coun cil, con.-i ting of bishops from nor li and sxjih, from the east and the wfst, of caidinals, and ol the Pe-pa himself; of mm f(mF>auce, Bavaiii. » ng land, Ireland, 8c tl and, from the Stabs if menra, from the Canadas, ti-(im South Ana ii horn Aus tralia, TaFmauia, New Zealand, E s and West Indie?, from Asia Minor, lrorn C« n tor. inople, Egypt, Greece, he on an Js'ai ds, an i trim many' o her r laces I lepeat tlier n.ust be sou.etlung marvellous in the power of that pers n, whom.- we call the Po, e of Rome, to be ab'e by Ids ningic wdrd- to summon these men.ssueof wh in a e on ihe brink .( f the giave, some tot t i ing wit, infij mities and trouble.1— to summon them fiom all ja-is of the eai th to Rome, a. d that too at v st ii convenience and exp me. And when we mhciiih r who it is who summons this mighty ( euricil — that tie Pope liimseltis an old nun, carrjiug the weight of iLhty year — that he i imselt is tottering on the brink of the grave : that 1 e lias ro grand armv to enforce his edicts, 1hat his temporal subjects d > net number . ver a million people, and that x er. hi - voice is he rd 1o the end of the earth — 1 s y that it is something worderful that, these Bishops, who never saw and perhaps never hea:d cf each other before, men diverse in their language, in their race, and in their co'or, as well as in their interests, shcu'd obey the v. icr1 ot ihto totter ing old man, and go to Rome to deliberate with him on the affairs of the Universal Church. <c Verily the finger ot God must be here," becaus3 no human institution ever was capable of producing such results or resenting- such a spectacle. No human power can at 1hL moment call together so many lea- ned venerab'e ! men to one Council as have been assembled in e-hedience to the voice of the. Pope. 8 me oi them have gone to Rome at ihe risk f llnir li e , pr bably to spend many months away from the scene of their labors, and they are giving up their comforts and their I om s to remain in a foicign ceuntiy, to deliberate on the affairs of the Church. What interest have you and I, my friends, in an assemblage f which so many m.-m- . bers are foreign eis — Italians, Fre> c, Germans. Dutch, Austrians, Spaniards, Portuguese, &c.; ? We km w that French aie nationally jr ulcus of Germans, 1 liat Germans are jealous of French, that- Italians are jealous of Germans, ihat the English, Irish, and ircoteh respectively cheiflh nati rial sentiments, if not; antipathy, and that fhe Amer cans are jedous of the English; and then call to mind 1.1 e fact that bishops from these countries have - oineto ether as one body, as one spirit, and for the s-me end, and this, too at the comra-md of the venerable He d of the Church, 'j his spectacle is worthy of your most serious conside- i ation, there must he something more than human in it. luch a thing might occur once or twee by human direction merely, hut let u call to mind that there have been eighteen General o Ecumenical- Councils, and that i His is the nineteeriih. Thron h varfo s periods of hi.-to?y, from the time of the Apo>tles until now, these Ccuncils liave been held, . and decrees of doctri» e, faith and discipline have been passed for the guidance of the faith of the Church, and for the destruction of error. If it he true that there is such a thing as truth, then error must be opposed to it ; one contradicta the other — one is opposed to the offier. If the Cliur.h is authorised to teach men; the way of salvation, then ihat Church must have authority ti decide what, is errr and wh t is not error Y« e know that; great is the power of truth," and it must prevail. This Ecumn nical Council presents a gi and example of unity and univer sality, of outward visible unity as well as inward- vi-ihle unity 1 hese Bishops separated in their own c untry t ousarids of m lesfiom each other, have c me to Rome with one faith . one miad. acknowledging one outward visible head, and one ou ward visible com- m union, is a rem a: kahle proof of Catholic, unity. '' They all go theie believing that the Pope is their superior, and that he is a success r <f one of the Apostles, who was appointed to govern the others. We r. ad in the a tos of the Apostles that St. Paul, a-tdn ssing the elders of the Church at Ephe-ts, spoke of ihe bishops V- Whom t e Holy Ghost, hath ap; ohitcd to - rule the Church of God," Cap 20 And Christ him self sail that "Whatsoever ye shall hind up n earth shall be bound in Heaven, and whatsoever ye shall loo-e on earth shall be loosed in Heaven." 'ilis He aaid to those upon whom He conf ired this great au'honty, and He selected one in pa ticular to whom Iles id "Thou art a rock, and on th s rock i will build my Church." And in another t> lace He srd to thi ; same Apostle, giving- him the charge of the Church, " Fe.id rm lambs, and feed ray sheep " We kno-v that in eastern countiies kings were styled shepherds of the pro le; so Peter, appointed by C'irstto f ed Hi sheep and lambs, was constituted the superior and ilie head to rule and guide the :other Aprs'les. : It neces.a ily follows th t the Church preside 1 over by them o ust be under the guidance and guardianship of Christ himself. Not only that, but ( hrisf our i ord did not have time, humanly speaking, to fully instruct His dEeipVs— for He said CI h ve many things to say unto yuu, hut ye wou'd t; ot understand them now, t.ait when the Holy Ghost si a 1 come He will teach ycu all truth."' Besides which He sai l of himself 'Lo I am with you always, even to the'eonsurnma'ion cfthe world." h ow we know 'hat the Aspotles could no; live to the end o ' the world, and therefore it wou'd be ah urd and unjust, to suppose In t Christ meant H«J wi.uld le only with the Aposlestotha end of 1heir mo tal lives He n ust ha em. ant "lam with jrou an 1 you- suecrs- i o s 'o the. consummate n of the woilcl " .t this was not s"q what agency or power was to enj.hlish the Church -r.fiQr Urn age of the Ajcstos? And what mstiumenfaliry \va to he employed to >ave the ?ouls of tliore who were to folk w ch-ring- the subs qucnt 1,0 /years, or pieHiaps- 5,' 0 > years r v more t the end of the world? "What lenefir, to us woul ; t i - have beeri if conferred al lie on them ? T e r wUr mus' ba t o nil lime f Lo I am wi h you to ilm tion cf the world." Ir. is in th; power tha'f the bishops of -+1 . o chl i hi rate for the w" there are j many w- 'ectly, and no' the . R m-4v whom wh' 