discuss beforehand ; for instance, the Aid to ? Cdrporationfl and District Councils, \ £ 1G,8}O of which has quietly reverted .to- the Treasury. Lower .: down there are four consecutive votes for jetties— at BapM Bay, Port' Lincoln, Venus Bay, and fowler's Bay— which, have all been dropped. The sums range from £238 to £1,000, and sane of them may, be savings on work com* ?pfeted, while others may indicate an inten tion to escape the work altogether. . Such ' very incongruous results ought! not to be coupled together for legislative inspection, because the inspection inusl necessarily be a uham or a bewilderment. The bona fide savings could be shown elsewhere, and the so- called unexpended balances might then be transformed into a list of votes on which no action had been taken during the year. COMPARATIVE REVENUE AND EX PENDITURE OF 18G9. Those who concern themselves about tho financial perplexities of the Legislature will give a special welcome this year to the comparative statement of estimated aud actual revenue and expenditure. It was furnished to the Assembly a few days ago, and pending arrangements for the £200,000 deficit, it ought to be the most interesting document on . the files. It is the most comprehensive and explicit expose of the financial situation to which the Treasurer or any of his emulous councillors can refer. It lays before them the condition of the Treasury at the begin ning of 1869, the income realized in each department, the correlative outlay, tho varia tions in either case from what had been anticipated and provided for, the Treasury balances at the close of the year, and the amount of the unfulfilled votes which required to be brought 'forward. Appended to these is a brief view of Northern Territory finance after the settlement of accounts for Mr. Goyder's expedition. The gross revenue certified by the Auditor General was £777,000. This was derived from three main sources— Customs dutie3, territorial receipts, and reproductive works. The first, notwithstanding all the disparage ment to which they have been subjected, showed an aggregate of £223,000. The second has to be distinguished into two sub divisions—land sales and pastoral rents. The former netted £227,000, and the latter £94,000, making between them a territorial income of £321,000. The whole of the reproductive works— grouping under that ironical head the railways, tramways, and waterworks— did not greatly exceed £11S,OOO. But a more correct classification : would secure to this department the credit of. postal 'and telegraph earnings as well, andr proportionately diminish the Miscellaneous in which they are now included. The latter reached a sum of £114,000, and forms the final item in our total revenue of £777,000. . ;The summary of expenditure may be presented in four subdivisions; the civil establishments coming first with £307,000. That comprises all salaries, allowances, and contingencies,, fnot . excepting the Civil List. f Outside' the (official limits of the Civil Service %?? an independent and special clas3 of estabfishments for the working of the railways and reproductive undertakings ; its total cost being £104,000. After the administrative expenses have been reckoned,' the Bonded Debt presents itself with an annual charge of £149,000 ; for interest and redemption. The Miscellaneous on this Bide is happily smaller than on the other; its aggregate is £48,000. The final arid reversionary department is' public works —a flood-channel for all sayings that can bo realized in ordinary expenditure. It re-, ceiyed last ; year for construction, .main tenance, and .improvement : the creditable) sum of £192,000. But tuifortunately that1 was not' all pure surplus ; there had been a considerable \ forestalling of income to make, it up, The demands of the same' insatiable department had in 1868 created a* deficit of fully twenty thousand pounds. Their importunity in 1869 has fully doublet! '. that deficit, and at the commencement of * the current year it was exactly £45,471. We have here all the requisite data foe exemplifying the difference there may be ' between realized arrears 'and contingent arrears. ...According, to the. Audit Office* accounts, this colony had at /tire end of 1S69 outrun the constable by £45,000; not an V alarming deficiency had it represented the' whole truth. But other liabilities were pending which had not come under the notice ? of the Auditor-General. They were known* only at the Treasury, and a detailed list o£ them has to be supplied by that department. This is the often -discussed statcmont of unexpended balances, or, more correctly speaking, of unfulfilled votes. It embraces: contingencies in all stages. of development, from the perfectly nebulous to. fthe actually payable. Some of the votes upon it may, be mere dummies, which the Government do not intend to execute at all, but only allow to remain until they can be dropped oufc without danger of exciting remark in the - House. Others may refer to undertakings in ' progress whose cost will have to be met , duriiig the coming year. There may even be a good 'many based on claims actually due, and delayed only by the formalities of audit. The unexpended balanced are a protean institution, and their supervisors subject them to a very elastic mode of treatment. Under our present audit system no vote lapses by effluxion of time. The authority to spend which it confers upon a Ministry is permanently at their service on the easy condition of confessing from year to year their liability for it. When they tire o£ that they sponge out the item from their unexpendended balances, and it passes into the subterrannean region of good v intentions which have, not been: executed. Of late years the annual purga tion,lbas been very effective, each Treasurer fearing the increase of his deficits more than he valued the authority for future expendi ture. At the close of 1868 there were votes unfulfilled to the extent of £lS0,000, but Mr. Hughes found it expedient to sponge out nearly one-half of them. He brought forward to 1869 only £102,544,. and reckoned! his deficit accordingly. By the end of 1869, the unfulfilled votes had reaccumulated to £125,000. This time two-thirds of them were purged, and £42,000 became tho minimum liability transferable to the fol fowing year. Had the prior arrangements so carefully made by the Legislature been faithfully observed, the whole of the unex pended balances— except positive savings — should have been reckoned as liabilities. : Had this been done the deficit at tho close . of 1868 would have looked like £200,000— namely, actual arrear £20,000, and unex- . pended balances £180,000. As represented to the Assembly it did not much overstep ] £120,000-namely, actual arrear £20,000, and ' unexpended balances £102,000. From the ; present as well as from- the late Treasurer, we have repeatedly heard that £87,090 more than the cash on hand would have been needed to close the accounts of 1S69. But had these preserved the form impressed upon ? them in the Estimates and in the Ways and Means, the shortcoming would have been .1 £170,600— namely, actual arrear £45,000, and unexpended balances £125,000. This manipulation of unfulfilled votes was not peculiar to the late Government. It war* a permanent feature, and almost a necessity of the system they had to administer.1 : Though they freely availed' themselves of * the arbitrary power which had been placed . in their hands, they did not extenuate its faults. One of the few financial abuses ? which Mr. Strangways admitted was the continuation of unfulfilled votes from year to year instead of allowing them to lapse according to Imperial practice. Provision ' might be retained for works in progress, and its inclusion in the expenditure of the year would make up a bona fide total, leaving no. secret contingencies. Votes on which no action had been taken could be reinstated on ;! the Estimates for the following, year. Re consideration by the Legislature would then take the place of Executive selection, which is not always determined by the intrinsic merits of the vote. The extinction of unex pended balances would be attended by two improvements in financial supervision. The annual accounts/ might be made to 'show ? more of the real expenditure,, and the expenditure which remained unprovided for would again come directly before the House. Hitherto the Treasurer has said at the close , of each year, 'I have such and such an. amount of outstanding liabilities- to carry, forward.' The House assumed that with; this exception all its intentions as- to ex penditure had been observed; but: there might have been scores, of slaughtered innocents destined to start up- like* Banquo's ghost in. a future Committee of Supply. The annual purgation of unex pended balances has certainly something to do with savings effected, but these are so jumbled up with votes which have been; shirked, that the reduction of liabilities may be, for all the Assembly can know, either very creditable or very much the reverse. In the list for 1869 we can discern many palpable economies; for instance, the surplus* , of £54,000 en the railway vote, of which - only £12,000 is brought forward; the: Volon-r teer Military Force, £3,503, with only £4$ brought forward; Civil Establishments, i £14^424, with only £3,019 brought forward.il On the other side there are.cases of sponging V out which the1 Assembly might have likcd*to 