THE NEW SOUTH WALES SCHOOL- MASTER ABROAD. MR. W. WILKINS, Secretary to the Council of Education of New South Wales, appears to have been sojourning in England, for the benefit of his health, during the discussions over the proposed Government Educational Bill for England. His letters, addressed to Henry Parkes, Esq.,' M.P., Sydney, have appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald, and are intended, we presume, for the greater glorification of the Parkesian system of public instruction in New South Wales. Mr. Wilkins refers with unctuous delight to the high appreciation of the New South Wales system by "thinking men" of course, "thinking men," Mr. Wilkins— by " thinking men of all shades of opinion who look to colonial precedents for some guiding principle." That modicum of " guiding principle" Mr. Wilkins evidently believes himself or his principal, Mr. Parkes, to be specially endowed with. The Pulpit, the Press, the Senate, and the Platform—Leagues arid Unions—have been for months past engaged 111 discussing the Education question, with the result, according to Mr. Wilkins, that they must all eventually fall back upon that unknown quantity "some guiding principle"—and that guiding principle is Henry Parkes, Esq., M.P., self- constituted Chairman of the Council of Education of New South Wales. Mr. Wilkins quotes the Times of the 9th April to the following effect:— •" The colony of NewSouth "Wales possesses a complete system of public education. ' Mr. Wilkins also quotes an approving letter from one of the ablest of the members of Parliament who have taken part in the discussion in the House of Commons ; but Mr. Wilkins refuses the simple justice of spelling that distinguished gentleman's name properly. His name is Mr. Henry SelfePage Winterbotham, M.P., for Stroud, and not Mr. H. Winterfottom so familiar to Wilkins of N.S.W. Mr. Tom Hughes, M.P., the author of " Tom Brown's Schooldays," in common with many other gentlemen of position and influence had studied—no doubt with great advantage—the Public Schools Act of N.S.W, Fortified with these, several: testimonies to the completeness and efficiency of the Public Schools Act of N.S.W., no wonder Mr. Wilkins writes—with a self complacency worthy of a disciple of: Parkes—that all the the people Mr. Wilkins used to meet " close their requests with the remark that WE have triumpJied over the: difficulties with which they are now for the .first time into, real conflict." ; . •: - . ' •VS/E—Wilkins and : Parkes—have triumphed 1 Since the Dutch conquered Holland nothing more .startling has been, announced. But notwithstanding that all .the "thinking,; men" of ^England and ail the leaders«f'opinion, and allclhe Educational authorities "worth .noting, have ;BO thorojighlyi mastered the principles of the New South Wales Public .Schools ; Act, yre jet: have .! the melancholy announcement that Parkes*; . Wilkifls,; ^nd ,Cfl.j ,.?md ,t}ie ^quiitry iij^^i^opjaDwfey .choice, are:,utr it^^.IU^OWlljin z-usiu'l V.^^^WifeS ^fcBrittet,'? ftftfc-iBJWt.. flf -i^iAlL Auatrcdi&J;>!then, aneans< Victoria; and w fltilli.mort ligrifivottS torelate, writes: Mr. JffiUanSw-rtdJx-svr ei eshi ^ p.i VSiSBiKitHooB to'iind>one-8«lf aantiieniBl an unknown country, Bud to have by meet force of loud aatolvm to make people believe hat our population is not BLACK, and that they re sufficiently advanced in civilisation to know he use of FIRE-GRATES. These are actually oints upon which some worthy people just inted that in my patriotic ardour I had peraps tiniiili iit'wnalhj overstepped the exact limits f historic truth." What a prodigious amount of incredulity on the part of the English people ! and what splendid lungs for loud assertion does Mr. "Wilkins possess. Admire the slight tinge of satire in the mild suggestion that Wilkins, fired with patriotic ardour, might perhaps overstep the exact limits of historic truth. Impossible to a man so circumspect and scrupulously veracious as he ! If they had known Parkes, and were aware that Wilkins was his friend, the association would have gained for the latter implicit credence. For our own part we cannot readily understand wliy people who had such a vague knowledge of Australia should have mistrusted the information afforded by such an intelligent colonist as Mr. Wilkins ; and it is, we confess, rather puzzling to us that persons who believed that Victoria represented the entire continent should yet have had an intimate knowledge of the public school system of New South Wales. But these are doubts suggestive which Mr. Wilkins could satisfactorily explain with the assistance of Mr. Parkes. Such little difficulties have arisen unexpectedly to him, but he will clear them up hereafter if it should not occasion him too much trouble to do so. His friend, who had to raise a ghost at Kiama as the only means of escaping the brand of wilful and malicious falsehood, would not refuse him help. In describing the state of the various and antagonistic parties in England, Mr. Wilkins informs Mr. Parkes— "There are FIRST—the Denominationalists, including most High Church clergymen and the ROMAN CATHOLIC ecclesiastics, who, led by such men as Archdeacon Denison, contend for the maintenance and extension of the existing purely Denominational system, and resist any attempt to introduce a Conscience Clause, by which BE- LIGIOUS LIBERTY might be secured." Mr. Wilkins in the above statement makes it appear that the Roman Catholic Ecclesiastics are averse to RELIGIOUS LIBERTY !!! Probably—Religious liberty, according to Wilkins and Parkes. In his pilgrimage Mr. Wilkins appears to have been a frequent attendant at the " Religious" May Meetings of Exeter Hall—no doubt to learn some guiding principle for the theoiy of ' Religious Liberty.' " It will not surprise our readers to learn from the foregoing that, according to Mr. Wilkins, the prevalent sentiment in England " is most decidedly that public instruction, while it ought to be Religious, should not be Sectarian." This magnificent tributeof the great English nation to the genius of Parkes and the sagacity of Wilkins, deserves such a record within the exact limits of historic truth as this journal can extend to them. The correspondence of Mr. Wilkins reveals such conflicting and inexplicable contradictions that we are not surprised to have from under his own hand the information that " hecannotcount upon two successive daysof exemption from htad. disturbance. 3 ' i When the ' English Education Bill has finally emerged from the ordeal of legislative discussion', we venture to express the opinion that there is one guiding principle of. New South Wales religious liberty which will not be embodied in it, and that is, that such a Convicted: Conspirator against the public honour of his country as Henry Parkes, Chairman—and such a representative of Catholic liberty of conscience as Sir James O'Brien Martin, Member—will not be found amongst the Members of the Council of Education of the State; / England has . not fallen so low; although the schoolmaster has gone abroad, in New South Wales.. :•.. •..- We turn from the prosy twaddle, of Mr, Wilkins to the statement of; the HightHon. .Uoberjt.Lowe, Chancellor of the"Exchequer, made in the House of Commons. • Mr, iiowe's views and opinions; are likely. to ; be. more- jMcuiateflnd to bej^^ HBBpecfc than theunmeaning -^pctarifUHsni pJw&ogbr.; dWUkins giveg.as- tb^ppjnion of o'Jalli t)iiji3^g,iTOen.?L -In.explaining . the iEdacation Bill of in^thft-.Hqjwe t of £o»mons, j,Mr,., ;Lowg M d i sn'l J-if.'i in Iwd Aoi&'fi iaciom&vox; I think awe hkve dxlBfei.wisely Jto/jCoiiteBt pttcselveg •m£h )jtyro cers ofi voluntary schools • with .undenomiiiv «£mfia¥ubmit lifiliirftifrtnB'WmiiririiilWI'filifti«ft J,,4 "'' r "'''. so jiaiii'sil edi io uoihoa mo jii I should be very sorry to see the proposi- tion carried ont to forbid them to choose Catechisms or formularies in the schools." It is gratifying to learn that Messrs. Wilkins and Parkes—however grea: their celebrity,according to their own account, in England as successful public educators— have yet left such men as Mr. Lowe, and tile genius and intellect of the Imperial 1 Parliament, uncontaminated with their sectarianism. 