.... alive in the dead-house. \- The San Francisco Alta California gives an ac- count of the experience of -a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment : — " The body was de posited in a case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between tnem. J.ne cover was put on and the keeper of the _ dead- house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was" heard' in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, hut, being aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than at tempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the deadhousc and open the door, the ghostly form of the Ger man, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, aud who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him.. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified Ger man rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, but the next instant the poor German feel on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to cohsciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself : — ' .Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor came to me and said I vas very sick. He verit ; away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew' nothing more till I volte in de night, and' there -was no light. I put out my hand, and'I could- get no bedclothes, for I vas cold. ; I den put 'my hand to vone side to try for the bed-' clothes, and, och, vat you' tnink I got— vy a ded; man ! Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by; the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on an other!'' Then I roared . and called, and cried out all ;I . could, and when I was getting up my head struck a board that was covering me. " Oh," said I,'" vot does this mean, vere am I ?. Am I ded?; and, I roared and bawled, and threw off the coyerjand jumped about as if I vas mad. . And I knocked at; the door- vid my hands and feet, but nobody-would open it for me, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not sure. I had the ded man's clothes on me.- 1 At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell doivn mid fear,' and I ran till I vas caught; Then I' fainted- and ven I come to myself I thought it vas a' dream- But it is as, true as I am here.' " 