ORIGIN ^L , POETRY. SIMON'S AT)t)RESS TO T SB MANES OF HATDN. —AFTER 'POPE. [Suggested by an incident at the Philharmonic : Concert; May I9th.l '' AU hail, Great 'Haydn ! Let thy -honored ghost Stay and'rejoiceoa Pluto's dreary coast ; - ? The Philharmonic's promise is complete— ; .-. The grand 'Creation' stretched beneath its ' .- .feet.; ?. ' ' ?'???. ' Oh, if the rendering of thy classic lore, Can tempt thy Manes from the mystic shore, Stay. I beseech, thy wandering steps to night : If thou wouldst rest in peace, eyade the sight That needs must greet thy genius-lightei-eyes, If at this moment thou should'st haply iise 1 ' What would thy everlasting spirit say, ' ' If it tould see, as I have seen to-day— ; Could see, instcad-of hear, that passage grand, Which tells of Light at ffeayen's divine oom saand. .... . r ,. , ... Effect, if thy great mind had wished to catch — Gas not invented — must have used a match. The ghosts who ear-chained gloat 'neath Hades' skies,- ? ??*?'?'' If here, must needs be shackled by the eyes ! The golden chains which issue from thy mouth, Must be too short to reach eo far to South : So some foul spirit lengthened hath thy bands, And made: thee hold them in their out-stretched hands. ; Dear Coste, when he thy disgrace shall hear, With me, I know, will drop a humble tear ; Did' his' fair baton ever graceful wave, The demon of a gaspipe to enslave ? Great Haydn,- trust him—there are few such fools ' ? ' ..-.:?- As like to make Gas Companies their tools. In Oratorio music, or in Mass, Except for light, ve little want the gas. ~ ? Oh, may 4hy spirit stay, nor venture here— If at the farthest it would be too near. Stay with King Plato, howe'er dark the night, Tis better for tay rest than bursts of light. On burstsof music thy fair soul was fed, Both in the body, and when that was dead ; With Orpheus and Kurydice to 'sibg, : ; ?.' If thou dost sit % Oh, tell them not this thing ; For he wbo thought of turning up the gas,' ? May be musician, but must be an — — . A. S. S. 