NEWS OF THE DAY. Postal reform has not been lost aiglifc of by the Government, and though but little has been said on thp subject, tho inter colonial postage tariff ia oa tho point of being radically altered, and placed on a moro satisfactory basis than at present. At tho time tho overland postage between this colony was reduced to threepence, we stated that this was only a preliminary step in the direction of still more important changes and that negotiations wero pending botwee tho Governments of Now South Wales and Victoria for the reduction of the soa postage to the samo scale. Wo aro now in a position to state that thero is every proSptpt °f the Sydnoy Government concurring in this f.T0' po3al, and of tho reform being brought into operation very early in next half year. Tho New Zealand Government, too, havo adopted tho scheme, and, recognising the advantages likely to accrue from a moro general corre spondonco between the colonies, havo passed an act of council reducing the intercolonial postage of that colony to a uniform rate of threepence. South Australia, too, is dis posod to join tho postal union and adopt tho threepenny tariff. Drovided that each colony retains its own postage fees, an arrangement which will obviate the necessity of intercolonial postal accounts. Tasmania ?is unable at present to deal with the ques tion, parliament not being in session ; but when it meets in July next a bill will bo introduced by the Government to effect the reduction in tho postal rate. Queensland alone, of all the colonies, declines to reduce her rato, and join tho other colonies in effecting this reform, alleging that her small and scattered population is not yet suffi ciently strong to justify her in making so radical a change That colony may, there fore, bo regarded as excluded from the postal union. Further communication is understood to bo still passing between tho colonies relative to tho carriago of packets and samples, but the negotiations are not yot sufficiently advanced to permit of any thing definite being said on the subject at present. The Government surveying steamer Pharos returned- from a cruise yesterday. The weatnor during tho whole voyage was most unfavorable to marine surveying. Strong easterly winds, and gales from same quartar, accompanied with rain, were very prevalent ; nevertheless good progress was made' with the coast survey. Tho Ninety Mile beach has beon surveyed to a distance of thirty-four miles beyond Port Albert, so that tho next work in that direction will be proceeded with from the Gipps Land Lakes. The soundings off tho Ninety Mile beach are, mo3t peculiar. At a distance of one mile from tho shore eight fathoms of water is obtained, and at six miles thero is only 13 fathoms, sand and shells, showing almost ono immense flat. The winter season being now set in, the Pharos will be turned over to the department of Trade and Customs, and Lieut. Stanley will be employed for the next four months in making tracings and fair copies for transmission to England, as well as forthe use of tho Victorian Govern ment. Lieut. Stanley is in hopes that, as all coast in tho vicinity of ports is now sur veyed, and nothing remains but the most exposed parts of the colony, the Vic toria will be used for completing the sur vey, the Pharos being scarcely safe for such dangerous sorvico. Owing to tho Government boing fully oc cupied yesterday in preparing their de spatches for tho mail, there was no meeting of either the Cabinet or Executivo, tho busi ness being deferred till Monday next. On that day it is expected that a decision will be arrived at in tho case of Wo Cow, tho Chinaman convicted at tho last Castleinaino circuit of house-breaking and cutting and woundinc. and arrainst whom sentence of death was recorded. Sandhurst is bestirring itsolf in the matter of the completion of tho Colibah water supply, and has evidently determined that if the work is not at once undertaken it will not bo through tho matter not being agitated. To-day a deputation will wait on tho hon. tho Minister o£ Mines, Mr. Maekay, at Sand hnrSt, to, bring the whole subject before the Government, and ask when tho proposed loan will bo introduced, in order that tho works maybe proceeded with. Mr. Maekay lett Melbourno by the three o'clock train yesterday afternoon, en route for Sandhurst. The brigade orders relative to the review to be held at Emerald-hill on Tuesday next (?Wio Queen's Birthday), will bo found in an other ophimn. Tho only additional informa tion necessary to that contained in that do cument, is that tho oountry contingent of the cavalry, with tho oxcoptiou of one-half of the Ballarat cavalry, will come down dis mounted. The men who will be allowed to bring down their horses will bo told off to support tho Metropolitan corps, as a guard of honor to his Excellency the Governor. The review commences at twelve o'clock noon. In accordance with tho promise given to the Legislative Assembly the other evening by the Government, that there should be an official inspection of tho Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Jlailway Company's bridge over the Yarra at Flinders-street, instructions are about to bo issued to tho Engineer-in-Chief of the Victorian Railways, Mr. T. Higmbotham, to survey and report on this structure. It is understood that tho survey will not bo confined to this bridge only, but that several other matters relative to this company's lino will come under the review of the Engineor-in-Chief, and that tho report, as soon as submitted, will bo laid before the Parliament. Thero is to be no birthday ball this year, and that, of course, will be a source of annoyance to our lady readers. The facts, however, seem to be simply these, that his Excellency the Governor applied for the use of the Exhibition building, but in consequonco of the room being crowded with mining specimens, &c;, tho trustees could not allow dancing but a levee. There is no accommodation in anothor building, and a dinner at Toorak to tho leading digni taries, including members of Parliament, is to bo the only demonstration. It is announced that not only is the Treasury department to undergo a thorough and systematic re-organisation, but that the internal economy of the building is to ex perience certain modifications, to render tho proposed reforms more effectual. Several of the rooms are to bo thrown into one largo hall by the partitions being demolished, and generally everything possible done to effect the consolidation of tho staff as mucli as possible. It is understood that some members of the Government are of opinion that much of the ineffi ciency displayed in some departments, is duo to the want of direct supervision of the staff by the chief officer, consequent upon the existing system of small rooms and private offices. The effect of all the officers of each particular branch being grouped in one room will conse quently bo given a trial, and tho result of the experiment will probably decide, in a great measure, the system to bo adopted throughout tho entire service when the general reform is effected next year. Tho first annual meeting and distribution of prizes in connection with the Trades Hall Artisans School of Design, was held last evening, his Honor Judge Bindon in the chair. The hall was crowded to excess with the pupils and their friends, while on the platform were tho hon. Geo. Rolfo and W. M. K. Vale, and Messrs. Burtt and Blair, M.L. A.'s, members of tho Technological Commission, and the whole staff of teachers of the school. The proceedings were opened by his Honor Judge Bindon, who, In a pithy Bpcech, encouraged tho pupils to persevere. In sketching the rise and progress of the school, his Hcnor took particular care to re pudiate, on behalf of the commission, any in tention to claim the credit of founding the schools. At the conclusion of the speech, which was received with great de monstrations of applause, Mr. Murray, one 'of the hon. secretaries, read the annual report, in which it was stated that from a school of 10, founded in May, 1869, it had increased to a school of 250 pupils.' The thanks of tho committee were toudorod to tho Technological Commission for a donation of £20 to the funds of tho Trades Hall committee, for the' gratuitous uso of tho hall, and to Messrs. S. H. Roberts, E. M. Shew, T. Clark, L. Bnvelot, J. W. Burtt, W. Pitt and J. Ingamells, tho honorary teachers, for their gratui tous services. The ceremony of pre senting the prizes, about 60 m number, waa then proceodod with, and at the close t-f this part of the business of the evening, the chairman, on behalf of the Paintera and Decorators Society, presentod Mr. S. H. Roberts, tho founder of the schools, with a handsome volumo, in recognition of his ser vices in establishing tho first school of design in Victoria. Mr. Roberts suitably acknow ledged the gift, and the hon. Mr. Rolfe then movod the adoption of tho report. In tho course of his remarks he referred to tho adverao criticisms of the pro ceedinj—t of the commission, which appeared m a contemporary a low days since. In connection with this, he said he was assured that it would benefit the commission, as anything that the paper referred to ever abuaod was sure to prosper. On the motion of Mr. Vale, seconded by Mr. D. Blair, a vote of thanks was carried to the committeo .and teachers for their services. The coni plim&jt; was suitably acknowledged by Mr. Shew on bcb^lf of the teachers, and Mr. Charge on behalf Ol Jhe committee ; and a vote of thanks having beGn Recorded to tho chairman, tho mooting separated. During the evening some very creditable specimens of tho pupils' drawings were exhibited, and wero much admired. Tho following sums have beeu received at The Age offico on behalf of the fund boinc raised for the benefit of tho widow and children of John Walshe, who was Bhot on Tuesday last :— Hon. J. G. Francis, £10 10s. ; Messrs. E. and D. Syme, £5 5s. ; first instal ment from employes in The. Ar/e office, £16 ; C. Wilkie, £1 Is. ; collected by Mr. Gray of Sandhurst, £1 12s. ; and collected by Mr. Stoddart, £6 16s. The entries for the sports under the auspices of tho Protestant Alliance Friendly Society, to bo held at the Friendly Socie ties' Gardens on the Queen's Birthday, wore made laet evening at the Ui3ter Hotel, Spring-Btrcet. Forthe first race— for boys under 14 — there wero four entries. For tho second, 150 Yards Handicap Race, thero are 24 competitors, amongst whom aro M. Mahoney, P. J. Crotty and M. Higgins. The next event is a Two Mile Bicycle Steeple chase, for which thero were three entries. The Half Mile Hurdle Race, next in order, brought out four well-known cracks, Ma honey, Collie, M. Higgins and T. Evans. Tho next principal event is the Two Mile Walking Match, for which there are five entries, amongst whom are W. Buck and W. Hendley. A number of races of lesser interest, for which entries will be made on tho ground, will also take place. Amongst tho attractions aiinouncod are : — Mr. Loyal, performing on a bicycle on a wire forty feet from tho ground, and M. Verlotki, oa tho double flying trapeze in con junction with Mr. Loyal. Tho committeo reserve to themselves the right of accepting additional entries in tho bicycle raco and tho two-mile walking match, up to this evening. The principal football match on the tapis this afternoon is the match South against North, which will be played on the Mel bourne ground, Richmond- paddock. A case in which the copyright question, was involved, came before the magistrates at tho District Court yesterday. Tho Rev. Dr. M 'Donald, of Emerald-hill, summoned Mr. Norman, picture-frame maker and print seller, of Elizabeth-street, for a breach of the 40th sectisn of tho Coovricht Act. The summons set forth that tho defendant 'not being the proprietor of the painting of the missionary ship Dayspring, or of the cepy right therein, unlawfully did permit Mr. Paterson, of Melbourne, photographer, to multiply for sale, by means of photography, the said painting without the consent of tho Rev. Donald M'Douald, tho proprietor thereof.' It appeared from tho evidence that Dr. M'Donald had left the paint ing of tho Daysprine with Mr. Norman to be framed, who sent it to Mr. Pater son, the photographer, of Bourke streot east, to have a lot of photographs of it taken. On the 6th of April the commis sion was given to Mr. Paterson, and tho noxt day he executed tho photographs. On the 21st of the same month the picture was registered by Dr. M'Donald, and tho noxt day the photographs were exhibited for sale in Mr. Norman's window. Two copies were purchased for the purposes of tho present proceedings. The defendant now admitted the offence, and stated' that the negatives and everything connected with tho photographs of the ship had beon des troyed. Mr. M'Keau, who appeared for the plaintiff, said that the prosecution would be withdrawn if the defendant would consent UJ yixy 3*0 oa. uuai-3. mi. liiuruuuu, xur Liu; defence, declined to do this, and left tho matter in the hands of tho bench, who fined the defendant £3, with £3 3s. costs. In the Equity Court, pleadings were com menced yesterday, iu re Reeves v. Croyle and others, a bill by tho Ballarat official liquidator, brought to compel tho defendants, who wero the directors of the Webster street Freehold Gold Mining Company, to account for tho property of tho company. It is likely tho hearing will last three or four days. The fino clipper ship Superb, from London, has mado her appearance again in our waters, having been telegraphed off Cape Otway yesterday at 3.40 p.m., so that, wind and weather permittiug, sho may be expected at her anchorage in the Bay before this evening. Sittings in Nisi Prius commenced yester day, Mr. Justice Barry taking the special juries of four oases, and Mr. Justice Williams the juries of twelve. Only ono case was heard before his Honor Mr. Justice Barry. It was an ejectment action of tho usual class, Blunk v, Fallier. Four other actions were called on, but there being uo appear ance to any of them, they were all struck out. An important sale of Crown lands took place yesterday, at the auction rooms of Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett aud Co. The attendance of buyers was large, and a good competition was maintained for the majority of the lots. For the land at Emerald-hill the biddings were particularly keen, and the whole of the lots offered were disposed of at a large advance on the upset price. This land is situate in the swamp lying between Sandridge and Emerald-hill, in Chessell, Moray, Grant, Clarke and Hancock streets. The Sandridge lot was bought in by the trustees of the Temperance hall. Of the Frankston lots only one was sold, the others being withdrawn for want of an offer. Tho lots at Wallan Wal lan were knocked down at an advance on the upset, and the Beveridge lots sold at the upset price. Suburban lots at Bulla Bulla, Holden, and Footscray realised good advances on the upset, particulary those at Footscray, the biddings for which were very keenly contested. The amount of the sale was £3221 2s. An extremely ingenious invention — a bottling machine — was exhibited yesterday at Mr. Dixon's cordial manufactory, Ross lyn-street, West Melbourne. Tho machine is capable of bottling forty dozen of ginger beer or sodawater in one hour, though it is doubtful if the hand labor could keep up this speed. One clover innovation in this in vention is that instead of the ordinary cork, a wooden stopper mounted with india-rubber is used, and when the contents are required to be taken out the stopper is pushed in, and with the machinery -can be extracted and used again, so that the stopper lasts as long as the bottle. Mr. Dixon deserves to be supported for introducing the invention to the Melbourne public. Messrs. J. M'Gill and J. Hunt, from Bal larat, waited upon the hon. the Minister of Mines yesterday, in company with Messrs. Frazer and Davies, M.L. A.'s, for the pur pose of asking him to forfeit lease No. 461 issued to the Ballarat and Chines Alluvial Q. M. Company, upwards of three years since, for the reason that no work was ever done on it, or in connection with it. A letter was read from the Mining department, stat ing that tho complaint was well founded as to the ground not being worked ; also, one from Mr. Gomm, tho late legal manager of the company, stating that the company had ceased to exist, and that he was no longer an officer of the same. After hearing the statements of Mr. Frazer, which were urged at some length, and those of Messrs. M'Gill and Hunt, Mr. Maekay stated that ho would withhold Uis consent to tUe appli cation for the amalgamation, of the lease as made by the Unioa Bink of Australia, partly owing to it having been intimated that legal proceedings had . beea taken to determine tho respective rights of the partie3,-and..that,._uuder any circumstances, ho must insist upon the covenants of * the lease being fulfilled. Further, he promised that ho would lot Mossra.. MlGilLandjjarty know, throuchMr. Frazer. M.L. A. in a few days whether the lease would bo cancellod, meanwhile nothing should be done to pre judice the rights of M'Gill and party. It was stated that the Union Bank had offered to sell through an ageut, to Mr. P. Lalor, M.L.A., the whole of its interest for £5000. But while negotiations wero pend ing, Messrs. M'Gill, Hunt and party took possession, which caused the bank to im mediately reduce their price to £2000. A moeting of the Hotham Cricket Club wa3 held last evening, at the George Hotel, Victoria-street, ; Mr, Mark, occupying the chair. The secretary informed the mGBtintT that a very successful season had just con cluded. Eighteen matches had been played ; ten won, six drawn, and two lost. There are now 52 paid-up members ; and tho club havo hopes of having a suitable site for playing next season. There were two very handsome bats presented, one the gift of Mr. Mark, the president of the club, to the highest scorer of tho second eleven; and tho other, the gift of Mr. Win. Clarke, vice president, to the highest scorer of the first eleven. Mr. T. S. Marshall was tho re cipient of the first prize, and Mr. Robt. Patteson of the second. Tho proceedings then closed. There were no cases of any public interest heard in tho County Court yesterday, and the court house, never at anytime a lively looking building, looked duller than ever, through the absence of the usual gang of loungers who generally crowd the court when anything interesting is going on. Another disreputable case of wife deser tion came before the notice of the city magis trates, yesterday morning. A fellow, named Thomas H. Jones, was brought up on this accusation. He had been married for about twenty years, and had two or throe children, but some three years ago he became tired of his caret sposa, and gave his attentions to a blooming damsel of some twonty summers. However, ho sent some money to his wife, but not enough to maintain her, and sho lost sight of him for some months. Lately ho figured somewhat conspicuously at Geelong, and was sent to gaol for seven days for receiv ing a pianoforte under false pretences. During tho progress of tho case yesterday, tho {husband and wife tried to arrance tho matter, much against the wish of the 'gushing ' detective Bailey, who had charge of the case, but the magistrates — doubtless having respect for Bailey's feelings— ordered tho accused to find one surety of £25 to pay 15s. per week for twelve months for the sup port of his wife. An action brought to recover £1000 damages for defamation of character was tried yesterday in tho now court, before M-, Justice Williams and a special jury of twelvo, and resulted in a verdict for tho defendant. A very ingenious defence was raised. Ten years ago the plaintiff, Morris, introduced a German named Muller to the defendant, Callaghan, aud business took place between them. Eventually Muller wont through the process of whitewashing, and during the operation the defendant s debt was brushed out, tho plaintiff, it was said, securing what property thero was under a bill of sale. On the 24th March last tho parties mot in a street cab, and the defendant gavo vent to his feelings. Morris being a man of sensi tive nature, wouldn t stand it, and went in to win a thousand, but the defendant turned the tables on him by swearing that tho de famatory languago used referred only to Muller, and the £1000 melted into thin air. Henry Foley, engaged in the billiard room of tho Globe Hotel, Swanston-street, appeared at the City Court yesterday morn ing, before Mr. Sturt and a bench of magis trates, charged with insulting a young girl named Mary M'Carthy, in the street. The prosecutrix said that tho prisoner had been living with her mother, and on the previous night ho remarked that if she did not leave her mother alone ho would make it 'pretty hot' for her. Whether he did carry out his threat or not did not appear, but at any rate she gave him into custody. It will be remem bered that some months ago the mother and daughter appeared in the City Police' Court as claimants to a child, born in Tasmania, both of whom claimed to bo the mother. The present fracas occurred out of this matter, and the bench cautioned and- dis* charged tho accused. A sickly half- idiotic looking young man, named Michael Bartley, was placed intho dock of the City Police Court, yesterday, charged with giving a valueless cheque for £1 to Mr. Henry Evans, greengrocer, 129 King-street. Tho prisoner resided near tho prosecutor's house, and as thero was — at least ho said thore was — an execution in the house, Mr. Evans received a cheque and gave him 9s. , deducting lls. for goods received. Tho cheque was found to be valueless. The ac cused was committed for trial. A case of some interest was heard at tho Sandridge Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Mollison and Johnston. Wm. Carleton, and Bernard Benuott, first and second mates of the ship Glenshee, appeared ou summons, at tho instance of James Pat terson, owner of tho vessel, charged under the 239fch section of tho Merchant Shipping Act, with omission of duty, to the dauger of tho ship. Tho evidence, which was very voluminous, showed that both officers had left tho vessel contrary to orders, on the night of tho 12th May, leaving only two men, both of whom were asleep. Sho broke her moorings, and drifted on to the Ann and Jane, sustaining damage to tho extent of £400. Carleton was sent to the hulks for three months, with hard labor, and Bennett for two mouths with hard labor. ; Allen's scab ointment and foot-rot wash ia a godsend to tho gentlemen who delight to decorato themselves in horsehair and bomba zine. It is like a ghost which will not bo laid, and appears to have peculiar charms for country storekeepers. Yesterday a Mr. Hil lorman was sued in tho Supreme Court by a Mr. Mowling and another for the value of a bill for £42 15s. 4d., which ho had given under the usual circumstances attending this class of actions, and he has to j-ay the piper, a verdict being given against him for the amount. In reference to the apparent discrepancy between the statements of Mrs. Finlay and Dr. Beaney respecting tho removal of Mr. Sharpe from tho Union Club Hotel to the hospital, it has been pointed out to us that thero is a possibility of both being in the right, for, although tho doctor says he was told that Mrs. F. would not allow the sick man to remain in tho house, the person who told him so may have done so unwarrantably. There may have been a misunderstanding on that point, but in giving publicity to conflicting state ments it is not exactly our duty to recon cile them. We aro quite willing to tako Mrs. Finlay's assurance that the order for removal was not given by her. A reward of £50 is offered in last night's Government Gazette for the apprehension of the person who, on the morning of Friday, the 20th of April, abandoned a female child in the bottom of .a hole at Castlemaine. A meeting of the committeo of tho Mel bourne Anglers Protective Society, was held yesterday at the office of the Acclimatisation Society ; Mr. A. Brady in the chair. It was resolved that the English perch, pro mised by the Acclimatisation Society, for the Yarra, bo again applied for. A reward of £5 was voted to senior-constable Kelly for his exertions in the case of illegal netting against Parsons, Smith and Crozer. Mr. T. C. N. Cooper and Mr. Dixson were elected new members, and the meeting closed. Miss Teresa Boden, the young 'help' who assisted herself to the candlesticks in St. Patrick's Church last Tuesday, was brought up at the District Police Court, Ballarat, on Friday morning. She pleaded guilty, and seemed much affected at the position in which sho found herself placed, 'though un kind people were heard to say,' writes the Courier, 'that she was more annoyed at hav ing mistaken plated candlesticks for silver ones than at anything else. As it was sus pected that other charges mi^ht crop up against her, she was remanded for a week.' A man named Mansfield was arrested at the Bridge Inn, Albury, on Saturday night, n: suspioioa oi. being the bushranger Power, The prisoner was playing at cards in tke hotol with another man, and on bein' Boamhed had on him a box containing 300 or 400 revolver caps, 64 ball cartridges, and £3 7s. in money. He said to the constables 'If I had only known what vou were after-, -I- -would- have -been pre pared for yoa, and put a pill through y°u-_ In his swag, among other thin°u wera a revolver ana --:asor~n— flask con taining powder, and a bag containing 37 bullets, bush mado. Mansfield, who is thought to be insane, was brought before the Albury magistrates and remanded for eight days for medical inquiry. The dead body! of a man whose name la unknown, was found floating yesterday afternoon, at half-past four p.m., at tho Emerald-hill baths. Tho body is very much decomposed, and appears to have been twelve days in the water. The faco and a part of the gums have been eaten away, it is supposed by fish. Deceased i3 about 37 or 40 years of acre. 5 ft. If) in ;n heigtii;. AO was or stout build, dark hair, bald on top of heud, and dressed in a blue cloth sac coat, lined VS'lill black alpaca. He had also biuo cloth trousers, v'hite flannel drawers, black and red Crimean 8'lu'ti and also white flannel shirt. He ?frv3? elastic-side boots, and grey woollen socks The body is now at the Chusan Hotel, await ing identification and inquest. Little Em'ly continues to draw fair audiences at the Princess Theatre, and will bo played until further notice. The comedietta of Aggravating Sam, which has been played for the last two nights at the Theatre Royal as tho first piece, is an amusing trifle, in which Mr. Mathews sustains the part of Sam Naggins] ono of those eccentrics he has brought upon thejstage, aud who will leave it with him. The pieco is a pure absurdity, and, if a little condensed, might form an agree- -. ablo relaxation after something heavier, but it is too ucsubstantial for the main item of tho pregramme. To-night it makes room for tho favorite little drama of Not a Bad Judge, in which Mr. Mathews sustains his original character of John Cas par Lavator. The performance will be an interesting one to witness, after the excel lent impersonations of the part which Messrs. Walter Montgomery and Bartiett have given in Melbourne. The second piece will be A Curious Case, in which Mr. Mathews is to play Twiggleton for the first time here. We are request-eel by Mr. Finner, late secretary of the Polynesia Company, to state that he Las resigned his position in the said company. Tub Victorian Permanent Property Investment and Building Society held their customary fort nightly meeting last evening, at theiroflices, No. iQ Collins-street east ; J. B. Crews, Esq., M.L.A., president, in the chair. It was announced that 116S investing shares were taken up duringtho past month, making a total of 47,610 shares issued since tho commencement of the society in August. 1865. 411 shares were borrowed, aud £10,275 advanced thereon in the month, during which the receipts amounted to £19,754 3s. 6d. Tiik treasurers of tho Alfred Hospital acknow ledge tho following subscriptions towards tho building fund :— J. K. Collins, £1 Is. ; Win. Coulter, £1 1?,; J. T. Richardson, £1 Is.; M. Benjamin, £2 2s.; D. Benjamin, ,-fil Is.; — Kenny, it'l Is. ; H. Cuningham and Co., ,i'5 ? C. Berghoff, £1 ; J. Touzell, £1 ; M'Farlaml and Sons,£l Is.; F. C. Klemm, £1 ; H. Wolfe, £1; H. J. Mays, £1 Is. ; George Young, £3 ; C R. Paraons, £1 Is.; J. Aarons, £2 2s.; K. A. Levi son,. £1 Is.; D. P. Starling, £1 Is. ;.\V. Webb, £1 Is. ; 11. Laws, ±1 Is. A meetino of the .Gold^street HChurch of England Building Committee was he'd ou Thurs day evening last, and several small subscriptions wero announced. The llev. B. S. Walker was in the chair, and announced that to-morrow after noon lie hoped to see a large muster of the mem bers of the church at tho Free Scripture School. Gold-streot, East Collingwood. A desire was manifested to have regular services every Sunday afternoon, instead of alternately, as at 'present ; and the rev. chairman promised to see what could bo done. He also announced that tha Bishop had cordially approved of the steps the committee were taking. Mr. Gardiner was added to tho committee. Tub Treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledges receipt of the following amounts : — (J. Barthold and employos, £7 Os. 3d. ; T. K. Bonnet and employes, £23 17s. Gd. ; II. Box, £5 5s. ; borough of Fitzroy, £20 ; box at shipping ollice, £i 2a. 6d. ; James Fcnton, £5 ; Lorimcr, Mar wood and Rome, £5 5s. ; P. S. Sinclair, for tho men employed on Point Kopcau and Gipps Land road, £10 ; Messrs. Briscoe and Co., £5 5s. ; Wilson and Mackinnon, £10 10s. ; M'Naugh tou, Love and Co., £5 5s. ; lianks Bros., Iiell and Co., £5 5s. ; David Moore, £5 5s. ; Smith, for Locomotive department of the Victorian Raih. \, £5 2s. 6d. ; E. Cohen and Co., £5 5s. ; Henry Baldwin, by the treasurer of the Druid's gala, £20; Bright Bros, and Co., £12 12s.; E M'Lockie, £5 5s. Donation for Archibald Harvey, lato^a patient in thu hospital— Km- ployes of Jos. M'Ewan, of a further collection, £4 5e. 6d. ??? 