\- CSripENT TOPICS. "■ The friends of Mr Matifew Burnett will be glad to: learn that be "intends paying Geelong a short visit -within a few. days, i On Sunday, 16th inst, at 10.30, he will give ah address on Mount Duneed. In the afternoon at three o'clock he will occupy his old spot on Newtown Hill, opposite the Council Chambers; and in the evening, in the IVesleyan Church, Chil weli, &p; 6.30. And on the following Monday hp y/jjl give a history of his labors in the iVestern'District, at the annual festival of the Daughters of 'Tempeyance. A commencement has'been inade'with i the rebuilding of the houses in Market square, destroyed or damaged by the late' fire. The Insurance Company have agreed'• to restore the bouses to a similar condition to that they were ia previous to the fire. On Thursday a large and. strong pole was hoisted ia front to vm tbVteskts that fliij "be required to swing , the blocks of stone that form thefronts of the premises. < It is how six years since we had a visit paid us by Mr Burton's troupe of eques trians, equestriennes, tumblers, acrobats, la Perche men, balancers, and clown, and the reputation that they then gained evi dently had its effect last evening, notwith standing the lapse of time. Mr Burton's name, is synonymous with plenty of skill and plenty of fun"." A good entertainment or none at all appears to be - his motto, and we were therefore not at all surprised to; see him last evening greeted by a" crowded house, or rather a very handsome tent. One of the chief characters was Sir Cowell, he tells some new jokes, he clothes some old ones in good sfyle, he sings well, and, above all; he is not vulgar—a fault that most Circus, clowns are guilty of His actions are comical in the extreme, and ia witnessing his antics, staid men of busi ness are compelled, no matter how. much they may not wish to do so, to give their risible faculties lull vent. Mr Jones, the "strong man" of the company,' is indeed a swarthy Goliah, his shoulders being broad enough to carry! away any quantity of gates. Madame Rosiere's little scene is worth see ing, andjjlr Gilham's riding as the courier of St. Petersburg, is in Geelong, unique. "Why standing first on one horse, then on two, and afterwards striding over two more with his feet on the outside ones, should be called a representation of what a Russian [Courier has to undergo, we can not tell! We can only say that we pity any Courier that a despotic Emperor may compel io travel in such a manner. Messrs Wheeland and Ryland go through the " La Berche" business with consum mate ease, and attempt none of those sensational feats that, easy as they may be to the performers, are calculatld to frighten sensitive females or non - precocious children. One of the greatest! treats, as showing how the horse may be trained to obey the slightest wish of manj was the performance of the very pretty cream-colored pony, " Beeswing." " Beeswing" danced, and in fact did every thing but speak. The afterpiece was a " mass of fun," but of this we will speak again. [Suffice to say the performance, or at [least something like it, will be repeated this evening, when doubtless Mr Burton will not have to complain of any want of patronage. One of the most noticabie features of the entertainments was the? good order that was kept. The " hoy noirance" was fully represented, but co <• hnrlpr" in tliPir tnsf-ps nrp thp iiivpti?1p« so '• horley" in their tastes are the juveniles of this colony, that last evening they were so enraptored. with the entertainment that they could not find time to whistle. The only complaint we heard last evening was about the very indifferent provision that had been made for the issuing of tickets. This drawback will doubtless be obviated this evening. At the picnic of the Christian Doctrine Societies, held in the Botanical Gardens yesterday, the tame emu located there was the author of considerable amusement. A gentlcmlui officially connected with one of the societies was quietly walking along a quiet pail of the grounds with, a hook in his hanch when the emu espied him, and talcing fee book for something good to cat, started jin pursuit at a brisk trot. The stroller seeing the great bird rushing. after him at [sick a pace anticipated some mis chief, and concluded that, discretion was the betterpart of valor, so he .started to run likewise. This only made the bird run faster, and in the end the pursued and scared gentleman took refuge in a tree," performjng the operation of climbing with 1 more agility than he ever gave himself ] credit fdr. ; The emu was at first not to be done '|iu that manner, and proceeded to march round the tree, keeping sentry over its prisoner, until 1 his cries of terror broughtf assistance, and he was relieved from his uncomfortable position only to meet the banter of his friends, who took care that the event was kept fresh in his memorwduring the rest of the day. A public meeting was held at Mr Silk's Farmers'hotel, Colac, on Monday night, for the purpose of considering the advisa bility o| forming a branch of the Geelong Permanent Building and Investment So ciety. Mr Clark occupied the chair, and called on Mr Miller to supply them with informafen on the matter. Mr Miller gave a' vast amount of information relatiyejto the working of such societies, and thought.Colac would be greatly benefited by such a sniety in its midst. Several ques tions wen asked and satisfactorily explained A list was then drawn up, and members enrolled?; eighteen shares were taken up, and it wis mentioned that others had pro mised to join. It was then resolved that the subscribers should meet again that night week, ard with votes of thanks to the chairman, and to Mr Miller, the meeting closed. | A summons has been issued against Mr Halpin,! publican, of James-street, for finding pbank bill for £20, and paying in the same to his own account. Hewiilhave to appear at the Police Court this morning to explain the matter. A very malicious hoax was perpetrated yesterday. A notice was brought to this office irtr the usual form ; announcing the death ofillr Frederick Lock, of the Eureka Hotel, Leigh Road, and also that the funeral Swould .take place this morning. Fortunately for himself, Mr Lock, so far from being deceased, was able to read the fictitious;notice, and to come into Geelong to give notice of its'being a fabrication. The punishment to be inflicted on the per petratoifof so" heartless a hoax should be severe. | :r Eighty-seven, hales of wool were the result of the shearing of 4400 sheep at BarwonJPark. These sheep were bought ihiMarchlast at 4s 6d per head. A rumor was circulated in town yester day to |be effect that four large firms had stopped jayment. Two of these were in Lusmess|at JBallarat, and two at Melbourne. We have been furnished with the names, but*of coarse hold them over until the meetings bave been held. The total liabili ties mays be set down at between £40,000 and £50,000. The ordinary meeting of the committee of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce j was helifon Wednesday afternoon, Mr J. I Lorimerjthe president, being in the chair. After sonc correspondence the committee had again under consideration the question of pilotage arrangements for this port. A sub-connnittee was appointed to bring up a reportjbased on . the information which .had been collected on the subject, with a view to|a definite course of action being taken b^thb committee. The question of brokerage was discussed, and a sub-com mittee" appointed to bring up a specific scheme winch the chamber might recom mend tcMhe Government forgiving effect to somejjnch regulations as those now in force in Jbe Cityof London, . Tip: secre tary sul^mtted a document which had been extensively signed by millers, factors, and merchant!,1 engaged in the corn trade, agrceingto introduce the cental system of selling all kinds of grain and flour, and it was resolred to call a meeting of all parties interested, on Tuesday, the 11th instant, thp Exchange. rooms, for the purpose of jjf giving final effect to the agreement, ^fotjee iSas given for the question of immi gration as a subject for discussion at the next meeting of committee* In order to complete the Victorian rail way returns for the year 1869, the accouats for the week ending the 30th ult have been supplemented by a statement of receipts .for the 31st-December. The dav's takings were as follows -.—Murray line, £3149 10s Id; lyiUiaijistown, £19S 14s 2d; Ballarat, £1502 2i 2d,- total, £4S50 6s 5d; grand I total for^the year, &G17;,'G1S ISs lOd. The total increase over 1S69 is £33,'391 Ss;2d. . The Egyptian geese placed in the Botani cal Gardens some years since are frequently in the habit of wandering away, flying as far as the Connewarre Lakes, but return ing when tired of their visit. = AVe - regret to learn jthat their roving habits have been the causeof the death of one or two of the birds, for they have fallen a prey at vari ous times jo the fearful swivel guns used on the lakes.1 Qfaiy ttip other day," one was shot among a idt of du'ek's 'and other birds, the sportsman being quite'astonished when he discovered that so curious a bird had fallen tojbis lot. These swivel guns may be necesfuy in order that men may earn a living at shooting, but they are very much opposed to the principles of true sport, and tend to spoil what sport there otherwise would be. While on the subject we may mention that a white swan, has lately made its appearance on the Connewarre Lakes, and we are informed that a gentleman has offered any of the fishermen, and others in the habit of fishing and shooting on the lakes, a guinea for it dead or alive. Such an offer is certainly not very creditable to the gentleman in question, and will most probably lead to the destruction of the majestic bird. ■ • IV e have received from Mr E. F. Mac allister, secretary to the United Companies, Geelong, a copy of some resolutions passed at a meeting of the Fire Brigade Com mittee, of theUnited Insurance Companies, held in Melbourne on the 4th inst. They are: as follow :—" That, for many years past the insurance companies of Melbourne have contributed largely to the support ot the Geelong Fire Brigade, besides" bear ing the sole cost of providing a water • supply for extinguishing fires, whether properties were insured or not, and defray ing the heavy expenses of the brigade station; that the proportion of local pre miums contributed by them to the Geelong Volunteer Fire Brigade has greatly ex ceeded that required for the maintenance of a regularly organised brigade in Mel bourne ; that, in the resolution previously transmitted to the Geelong brigade, the committee were merely carrying out the principle which they have established of supplementing the contributions of the public and municipalities ; hut that, after the correspondence published in the Geelong Advertiser of 30th December last, they have no option but to retire from any future contribution either to the brigade or water supply." The Mayor and Mr Johnstone presided at the Central police court yesterday. Edward Kennedy for being drunk and disorderly was cautioned "and discharged, and Abraham Shepherd for a similar - offence was fined 5s, or in default 24 hours' imprisonment. John Kawley, charged with making use of threatening language to Daniel Murphy, was discharged. Wil liam Marshall was charged with stealing two hair beds from the Richmond Depot about the 13th ult. Sergeant Toohey proved the arrest of the prisoner on war rant on the previous evening at the steamer wharf, and stated that he was the man named therein. The prisoner was remanded to Melbourne. We have received from the publishers' Ciarson. Massina, and Co, the last issued number of the Australian Medical Gazette. The contents will no douht be very inter esting to medical gentlemen, hut the first article has local interest, as it gives the par ticulars of two case, of PerigofFs amputa tion of part of the faot, performed by DrD. B. Reia in 1866 and 1867, at the Geelong Hospital, the patients being two residents in the district. These are also, we believe, the only cases in which this mode of am putation has been resorted to in these colonies." A circular has been issued from the Lands department to the Crown bailiffs of the colony, directing them- to furnish, within one week, a report on the allotments in their district which have been leased under the Land Act, 1852, sections 17, 22, 23, 33, 34, and 37, and under the Land Act, 1865, sec. 12, stating whether the im provements required by the acts have been " made. The bailiffs are also to report on the'bonajides of the selectors.Junder sec tion 12 of the Act of. 1865, in cases of dummyism, agencyj and non-residence. The circular imperatively requires them to abandon alb other duties for this, and to discharge the duties with out negligence or delay. Failure on either of these points will be severely punished. ' A circular also ha3 been issued to the pas toral tenants of the Crown, requesting them to forward tracings of their runs, showing the woolsheds, and other improve ments altogether, with valuations, and the area they will require to have reserved under the act of 1S69. A map has been prepared on which these reservations will be plotted. The -inquiry which was instituted on Tuesday, by the Treasurer, into charges which h ad been preferred by Captain Payne, of the Kelson, and counter charges made by subordinates against the management and discipline of the ship, was continued on Wednesday. The board consists of Mr Budd, Inspector of Common Schools, Captain Freyer, and Captain J. Smith. The first day, the investigation was confined to charges of cruelty made against the schoolmaster, Mr Boyes; but the inquiry has not elicited anything like the gross cases which rumor alleged would be proved. The charge made against Mr Boyes of want of organisation and general unfitness for his position as a schoolmaster, was also inquired into. The board had entered on charges preferred against Captain Payne by Mr Parnell, another schoolmaster, whom Mr Boyes superseded, which are stated to be an absence of moral discipline, accom panied by too much severity. The exami nation, so far as it had proceeded in this case, is withheld, in justice to the accuser and the accused. The Kev Mr Macartney has been summoned as a witness by Captain Pa3~ne. We have received a pamphlet entitled "Spiritualism in America," being a re print from the Argus. It is issued at a small price by the publisher, Air George Robertson. A meeting of the National Short Hours League was held at the Earl of Zetland hotel, Stanley street, Collingwood, on Wednesday evening; "Mr Douglas in the chair. The discussion was directed to eli citing whether the Government had taken any steps to carry out the promise made that the eight-hours' system should be ini tiated in all Government contracts and public works. A deputation from the plate-layers on the Government lines of railway urged upon the meeting the neces sity of immediate aetion, as they are appre hensive that, from the misstatements which had been made to the Minister of Railways respecting their hours of labor, they might not participate in the change which it was believed the Minister of Railways contem plated introducing, if the inquiries which he was making would justify him. The meeting ultimately directed the secretary to communicate with Mr Longmore, and ascertain, if possible, explicitly, the inten tions of the Government. A donation of £5 was acknowledged by the League, front the .Bricklayers' Society. • Melbourne -Panch holds his own this week exceedingly well as regards the exe cution of his pictorial illustrations. On that point all must agree; hut as to_ the senti ments to be inculcated by the political de sign, there will probably he differences of opinion. The fling at the girl of the period is good, and is well deserved. On Tuesday afternoon an occurrence of a very melancholy kind happend at Blanche's hotel, near the IPrihae'of Wales iqine, Sebasfopol. A miner, named Patrick Donohue, and Mary, his wife, a sickly, delicate woman, were drinking in the hotel during the early part of the afternoon, and both are said to have been in a state of drunkenness at four o'clock. They were quarreling, and for some time the woman pulled at her husband's hair and otherwise illused and annoyed him; when suddenly he rose "from "the seat on tvhich he was sitting, and, striking iter"on the side af the head with cither his fist or open hand; knocked her against a beer barrel that was in the corner of the bar, standing on the top of another. She fell against it violently on the side.of her head, and then fell to the ground. She was picked up quite insensible, and remained in a veiy danger ous state till. eight in the evening,, when She died. Dr Hillas, of Sebastopol was . sent for-to sfcfc lief, but when he arrived she was dead. A post mortem cxathmktfqnHVas made on Wednesday by Drs Bun'ce .and Hillas. The result, of course, we do not yet know, but a large quantity ofblood was found, on the right hemisphere of the brain, produced by the bursting of a bloodvessel. The hushand of the deceased has been ar rested, and is now in custody of the police.' The Herald commenting on the state of feeling in Collins-street, says, " There is no doubt trhatever 'that, in spite of Nthe reports of the favorable -state ' ofr -the revenue for the phst year, and as to the commercial prosperity of the city, a very uneasy feeling has of late pervaded Collins street. To-day it was. obvious that: the gloom'which some weeks ago came over the men .'under; the verandah' had over-; taken others.' 'It'became known early that a firih in 'the grocery trade at Ballaratand' Scars dale, with liabilities exceeding £20,000. had given way to the pressure* of the times, and soon afterwards it was known that three or four smaller firms in the city had also suspended payment. The result was that confidence was impaired. Hopes, however, are entertained that the cloud is hut a passing one, and with the ingathering of our harvest it is expected a better Jtime will set in." - Rather strange relics are sometimes found in the sweepings out of country tap- rooms, says the Star, as witness the following:— A gentleman-whom we met yesterday, and whose story is trustworthy,' stated that he had.been shown by the landlord of a coun try hotel,, the top of a man's finger, with j the nail SsttKhedj.just as it had been bitten off on the previous evening by a person with whom he had been fighting. It seemed that there had been a great fight, in the course of which the brutality we have named was perpetrated, but that imme diately after the occurrence no one could find the tip of the finger bitten oft The landlord discovered it after all the rest had been unsuccessful, and was keeping it to send to the owner. The Bendigo Independent states that -with the residents of Sandhurst " Hohart Town is a place which is, just now, a standing.theme of conversation. There is a tolerably nmnerons circle of moderately and immoderately wealthy -Bendigonians, with whom the talk is of. Tasmania—its comfortable cliinate, its beautiful scenery, its good-looking ladies, and'the expenses of the pleasure of paying the island a visit. Acting npon the notion {which. a chance excursion steamer put into their heads, a few of them went over last 3'ear, and they brought back such an excellent account of the land which they went to spy out that, were'a similar opportunity afforded, many more would he induced 'to go and see for themselves. As we have already said, we suppose there are other places like Sand hurst, and it is almost certain that but for the influence of those who are interested in increasing the passenger traffic between the two colonies Hohart Town and Laun ccston would he transformed into places where many "Victorians would annually congregate. The Tasmanian Steam Navi gation Company stops the way "with its monopoly, and consequent high fares." LOur contemporary suggests that much larger and more powerful steamers should be put upon the line, and that the fares should he reduced one-half. The following queer story appears in the Pleasant Creek News. The writer is de scribed as a gentleman long resident on Pleasant Creek, and who always bore the character of an energetic, upright, con scientlbus, truthful man. He has for some time past been a resident in New Zealand." He saysr-"I saved a claim here at the Thames through a spirit communication. It had been neglected, and was liable to be jumped, when I was told by spirit-writing ' that six men were coming at 9 o'clock the next morning on to the claim to jump the ground, with other particulars of their programme. I was there with the men I got, just in the nick ■ of time to save the ■ claim. Tne jumpers came exactly at the time I was told they would do, and they saw at once that they were, completely, . checkmated, and looked sheepishly disap pointed- and as white as ghosts when they saw we were too many and too strong to he bounced by them. You see by this that I am a spiritist.". The South Australian Begister has come forth with the new year as an eight- page papain, and in its enlarged form it contains consfifrrably more matter than heretofore. In announcing this change, the proprietors mention that they have " under one roof the oldest and newest printing machinery" in South Australia. The Stanhope press of 1S3G and the Hoe of 1S70, represent the two extremes of a chequered lite, which has survived governors and governments, par liaments and constitutions, eminent public men, and great commercial firms. Of each the Register has endeavored to preserve a faithful record, and evety-fresh issue it adds to the threeand tbirtyyears of itspublication it hopes to render worthyofits semi-national traditions." i The Ararat Advertiser remarks:—"Of the crops under cultivation none perhaps derived a more signal advantage from the late winter rains than that of the vine. These rains occurred just at the period in the annual growth of the plant, when it is capable of turning an abundant supply of moisture to the best account, and the result, as now seen in our vinej-ards, has not been surpassed during any year within the ex perience of the earliest cultivators in the Western district. The vines exhibit that luxuriance of foliage which of itself delights the eye, hut which, combined with the swelling hunches of fruit teeming from every baugb, makes the grower laugh with gladness. The crop is also further advanced than is usual at this season, and will therefore have more time to fill up and ripen than it has in ordinary seasons, and an opinion may be hazarded even now that the year 1870 will be famous for both the quantity and quality of its wine. With such a prospect before him it may well he supposed that the chief anxiety likely to disturb the slumbers of the vigneron will be about the increased cellar accommodation required by a superabundant vintage. For some days previous to the departure of the S. S. Euphrates from Kurrachee, for Bombay, clouds of locusts were hovering over the station, and great numbers must have been carried by the strong breeze which was then blowing out to sea, as they were seen from the steamer floating about in all directions many iniles distant from the shore. When sixty miles oft' Bombay, several large whales were observed in the vicinity of the Euphrates, and an enormous one supposed to be about fifty feet long, charged down, striking the bows of the vessel in a most sudden and unexpected manner. The shock was so great as to raise her (forward) about four or five feet out of the water, and also for a few minutes yeiy considerably impeded her progress, although she was steaming at the time of the collision, upwards of ten knots per hour. The vessel in passing over the ivhale_was struck a second time pear the stern, but strange to say, did not sustain the slightest injury on either occasion. The extraordinary incident caused a little sen /Faction on board for the time being, and -was looked upon as a relief to the dull monotony of everyday life at sea. Tum blers and glasses were made to dance about in a manner which threatened their speedy demolition, and the clerk to his great dis may and discomfort, received a shower hath from a large ink bottle which was displaced from a shelf in his cabin when the first shock'was'Teceived. ' From the very rapid pace at which the whale' took his departure, he probably had reason to1 hear in mind a very unpleasant recollection of his acquaintance with the Euphrates. *. 