|to tlopern, AURICULAE CONFESSION. — Continued. (By tub Late. Ekv. Dr. John Gamerem..) This is one of those things which remarkably illustrate Popish progress, showing the necessity of contending with evil in the bud. In harmony with the Scriptures at the outset, the confession was promiscuous. Mon might confess to each other, to laymen or to priests, but it iyas at length rendered incumbont to do either the one or the other. Those strainings of the Word of God pbveil the way for more. By degrees con- fession was elevated into: a sacrament, which none but a priest might administer, and to that priest every member of the Papal Church, must confess at a fixed period. The next stop was to lay down : the doctrine, that without this confes sion there could be no forgiveness, and that the priest, as God's representative, could bestow such forgiveness, and the priest only. This brought matters to a crisis ; but even there the climax was not reached, nor even approached. Shame had not wholly' fled the brow of the con fessor, who had not yet ventured to absolve ; lie only prayed as follows " The Lord grant thee absolution and remission." lnlproccss of time, however, as the spirit of impiety waxed stronger, and mankind, ..tlirough increasing darkness, became prepared for further bondage, the demands increased, and prayer gave place to an authoritative act of absolution. The priest attained to the dreadful height of impiety which enabled him to utter the following language : — "I absolve thee from thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of. the Son, and of the Holy Ghost "—no meau contribution surely to the ful filment of the prediction, that " The Man of Sin should exalt himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped." The institution might now be said to be complete, and only one tiling was wanted to give it an authoritative stamp, and secure universal compliance with its dictum ; and this was reserved for that impious con ven tion known as the Council of Trent, which' had the audacity thus to speak concerning it : — "The Universal Church lias always understood 'that a full confession of sins was instituted by the Lord as a part of the Saci-amciit of Penance, and that it is necessary by the Divine appointment for all who sin after baptism, because our Lord Jesus Christ, when lie was about to ascend from the earth to heaven, left his priests in his place as presidents and judges, to whom all mortal offences, into which the faithful might fall, should bo honestly and fully submitted, that they might pronounce sentence of remission, or retention of sins by 'the power of the keys." "' men gize the mp"r&OT;auonty" tothe so- called Sacrament 'of Confession. But this baleful confederacy against God and man did not leave the matter here. Delighting to pour out curses on the Protestants, thcythus decided : " If any ; one shall deny that sacramental confession was instituted, or is necessary, by Divine right to salvation, or shall . say . that the practice of : private confession to a priest is foreign from the institution and command of Christ, and is only a 1 human invention ; let him be accursed." What says the reader to this ? The choice is given to men that know the Scriptures and fear God, of cither cohinving at falsehood, or being subjected to an anathema ! Thus the whole : institution is clothed in falsehood and gteoped in . impiety ! A curse is here fulminated against the whole Protestant world, which the fierce spirit of Antichrist, were his power equal to his malice, would convort - into a hell of torture to eveiy soul who is prepared to stand by the Scripture law, " Let ..God be true, and every mail' a liar!" Before mankind can receive the doctrine of Auricular Confession,. the light which is in them must first; be darkened, till reason be utterly blinded, and conscience either seared as with a hot iron, or surrendcrod-to the keeping of the priost, it is impossible for tius institution to obtain general currency. It is the perfection of iniquity ; its history, after its complete estabi plishment, is one of unmingled infamy. It ean- "hot be read without ineffable disgust and horror ! It. has been fraught: with a double curse— a curse to the priest, and a .curse to the people! In wickedly debasing theiri, ho has. sorely debased . himself. The vampire and his victim have descended together into . tlio depths of sin and wretchedness ! Nothing ever happened among men so illustrative of the .Scripture that " the wicked shall be filled by their own devices." ,IIad the spirits of Pandemonium consulted \--together by what means they might best create on earth, a preparatory school for tlicwoak of turning men into devils, they could have hit upon nothing so adapted as Auricular Confes sion, in the hands of a' godless priesthood, the priest himself being intended to occupy the high- "est place, and to become the chief fiend ! : His crime, in part, was his punishment. In addition to his own share of inbred depravity, the corrup tion of a. whole, parish is constantly being poured into liis bosom ! His breath is the reservoir into which all- their hearts,, as so many fatiV streams anil impurity discharge themselves. All those evils- set forth in- Scripture— " evil thoughts,' , murders, - adulteries, fornications,' thefts, false-witness, blasphemies — keep rusli- -hitig on in a torrent from day to day into the dark and foul abyss of his soul ! A dozen or a ' score years of a fife so spent, would serve to con vert an angel into demon ! Thus the soul of the priest becomes the dread despository of the col lective iniquity or multitudes. Simply to sit as a silent auditor of the endless recitals of all sorts of iniquity, might suffice to assimilate a man to Satan, rendering a creature, whose days are but a handbrcath, as much an adept in iniquity as a being who has lived and transgressed a thousand years ! But the priest is not a mere passive receiver of this aggregate wickedness ; were such the fact, it would be innocence itself compared with tho part, which, by the laws of his order, he is obliged to play in this tragedy of death. He is bouud,. in effect, to tutor tho souls of his people iii tho science and practice of transgres sion. Himsolf a professional teacher of evil, the great, subject of his study is, not the Word of God, but tho heart of man ; it is his duty to sound the depth of the depravity of the human soul,— to familiarize himself with all the springs of suij.to scareli out the sources of temptation, with the: peculiar, as well' as the common methods of warring against the Lord : in a word lie. is bound to perfect himself in the science of turpitude — a course but too congenial to human nature, and which becomes tho more swcot, the ' more its depravity is developed, and tho more it lias grown up in all things into Ai>ollyon the Destroyer ! Such is the daily" and nightly- study of' a Popish priest ; nor .is this study prosecuted ab. straetedly and in solitude with his own soul for its own subject ; the hearts around him are laid open to his gaze, and are ever exposed to liis ex- purimcnts. Tho young and the old, tho rich and the poor, the vulgar and the refined, male and female, the virtuous and the profligate— humanity hi all modifications of state, condition,; and circumstance, is the subject on which' he conducts his fearful experiments. His system of interrogation is an instrument of a thousand screws fixed 011 all parts of the human heart, by which, in the mass, they arc dragged forth into view. Pefoctcd himself in the knowledge of all wickedness, lie diffuses that knowledge on every side, and thus multiplies his own moral likeness among his people. His questions descend, as the plunge of a poignard into the soul, and penetrate it in its deepest recesses ; by the operation of tho Confessional, iniquity in all its ramifications is taught upon system, and a com munity of knowledge is established in the con gregation or the parish. All souls arc rendered familiar with all sins, with all occasions of sin, with all accompaniments of sin, with all con sequences of sin, with all the modifications of sin ! Thus the whole world of iniquity is laid bare, both to the eye of the priest, and to,sin- nerR themselves. Under the pretence that as; the priest is liotii judge ana physician, he must) know all sin in thought, word, or deed, that he - may determine' the conditions of absolution, and prescribe the method proper for cure. The priest, sitting as God, must know, and demands to know,. all that can be known by God ! (To be continued.) 