[?] ftOBERT ASHTON'S WEDDING-DAY. . . ;. . [PROM: .TUB ARGOSr.l ... ; The hall clock was striking half-past five as we ?went but into the sharp night air : Mr. and Mrs. Todhetiey, I, and Tod. Old Conoy's dinner was for six: but country people don't know anything ? about the fashion of dashing in at the last stroke. It:was cold, and no mistake ; the snow.lay on the ground ; the stars shone like silver. This was Now Year's Day j and to-morrow, the Second of January, Jane Coney would be married to Robert Ashton of Timberdale. The Ashtons were to dine to-night . at the Farm, and we bad . been asked' to meet them. ; We; had but to cross the road ; and old.Coney had had it swept for us. It was an old-fashioned farm-house, full of nooks' and angles,' with one big room in it, oak-panelled. The cloth was laid there for to-night, the break fast would be for the morrow. ; Old Conoy and Mrs. Coney came out of the drawing-room to meet us : \- . that was small and snug, with a running pattern of roses on its. white watered walls. He was jolly ; sho) plain, homely, and sensible. : Jane was quiet, liko her mother ; very well she looked, standing on the carpet in her pretty blue silk dress. : Tom, a tall, strong young fellow, with a Ted face, lifted her out of the way by the waist, that he might shake hands all round. The eldest daughter, Mary We3t, was staying there with hor nurse and' baby ; she looked ill, and-got up only for a minute -from her chair by the fire. Her husband was a lawyer, in practice at Worcester. , Another young lady was sitting by; with light . frizzed hair : Mrs. Jamos Ashton. Before we had settled down, wheels were heard. It was Robert ? Ashtons dogcart, bringing hia two brothers, Charles and James; and Mary West's husband. * Miss Jane's cheeks turned as red as a rose for no thing : Robert Asthon had pot come ycW I had hotter say who the Ashtons were. Old Ashton (the; father) had lived at Timberdale Court.always. It was one of the best farmvin all Worcestershire. Old Ashton lived in good style, educated, his children, and started them well in life. Lucy, the eldest, married a Captain Bird, who turned out to bo a frightful scamp. Robert remained on the farm with Ins father ; Charles was a clergyman ; James a doctor. Everybody respected old Ashton. It wasabout three yeare now since he died, and he left a good pot of money behind him. Robert succeeded to the farm, and it was he who was to marry Jane Coney to-morrow. ',.??. They went upstairs with their carpet bags, having come direct from Worcester by train, Robert Ashton's dog-cart had been waiting, as ar ranged, at Timbordalo Station, to bring them on. Mrs. James Ashton came over earlier m the day with Mr3. West. Robert and Charles Ashton were both fine young men, but the doctor was slight and short. Now I hope all that's clear, be cause it was needful to say it. What with look ing at the presents the time passed. They were laid out on a table against, the .wall, on a snow white damask cloth of rare, beauty. '.'Look here,' whispered Mrs. Coney, taking up a scented blue arid-white case- of satin1 ribbon and beads for keeping pockethandkerchiefs in. 'Poor Lucy Bird sent this.. She must have made it herself ; a' thing like this, bought, would be as much as fifteen or: sixteen shillings. It came almost anonymously : 'With best love and ever kind wishes for Robert and Jane/ written. -on it ; but wo knew Lucy's handwriting. ' ' Where are they now ?' asked Mrs. Todhetiey, in the same mys terious whisper. 'I fancy they are, staying somewhere in Worcester. We should have liked to get Lucy over for the wedding ; but — ybu'know how it is : we could not ask him.' Mr3. Todhetiey nodded. There's some thorn in most families, and Lucy was the. ono in that of Ashton. She was oducatod at the best school in Worcester, and came home at eighteen brimfull of romance. It was her nature, not the school. You'd hardly have found so pretty and senti mental a girl in the county. ' Because her name happened to be Lucy Ashton, she idontified her self with Scott's Lucy Ashton, and looked out for a Master of Ravenswood. These sentimental girls sometimes come to griof ;? for 'they possess but threo parts of their .snare of plain, common sonse. The.Mastor of Ravenswood came in the shape of Captain Bird, a tall dark man, with a faming' coat and fierce moustache. He' paid court to Lucy ; and she fell- in love with him before a week was over. The Ashtons turned their backs upon him : there was something in the man they did; not like, in spite of the red coat and tho black moustache. But ho came over Lucy— r ho had heard of her fortune, you see— and she promised to marry him. Sho was a gentle, yield ing, timid girl then ; but her love was strong, and she ran away. She ran away : and was mar ried the same morning' at St. Helen's Church, in Worcester, in which parish Bird had been stay ing. It was the talk of the county ; but when tho clatter had subsided, everybody began to pity Lucy, saying sho would have plenty of time and cause for repentance. After all, he was not a real captain. He nad sold but ; 'and there rose a rumor that he had done something or other wrong, and was obliged to sell. Old Ashton had Joved Lucy better than all his children. Ho for gave tho marriage for Lucy's sake, and had thorn homo on a visit, and presented her with a hand some sum. ?' But he made a great mistake— I've- heard tho Squire say it often— in not settling it upon her. Bird got out of it as soon as he could ; and he would- have got out of somo more that came to Lucy when her father died, only that it was left in Robert Ashton's hands to be paid to hor quarterly. People called Bird a black-leg. He was about tho worst man.that ever stepped. Robert had offcrod Lucy a home at Timbordale Court, but she would not quit her husband : she ;had married him, she said, for better or for worse. If he came to bo transported — and he was going on for it— the chancttf were that Lucy would fol low him to Van Diomen's Land. 'I say, there's six o'olock,' exclaimed Mr. Coney. ' Jane, what have you done with Ro bert I' 'Not anything, papa. Ho said he should bo here half -an-hour before dinner.' 'And it will soon bo half an hour after it,' returned ')ld Coney. ' If ho dobs not makohasto wo shall ait down' without him.' The clock on tho mantol pieco wont ticking on, and struck half-past six. Dinner. The Squire led off tho van with Mrs Coney. Tod laid hold of Jano.' ' I'll be in Ro bert's place while I can, Jenny.' The oak -room was a surprise. It looked beauti. ful. The dark walls were quite covered with holly and ivy, mixed with the blossoms of the laurestinas ami some bright flowers. Old Thomas (borrowed from us) and tho maids stood by the sideboard ; it glittered with silver. The Coneys had their (stores as well as other peoplo, and did things well when tlioy did thom at all. On the table was a largo codfish, garnished with horseradish and lemon. Our names were before our places, and we took thom without bustlo, Robort Ashton's,. next to Jane, being left vacant. ' For what ? ' A faint shriek interrupted tho Rovcr'end Mr. Ashton, and tho graco was brokon plf. Lifting his head towards tho quarter whence tho shriek came, he saw his sister-in-law with a scared face. ' Wo aro thirteen ?' said Mrs James Ashton. 'I hog your pardon, Charles — I bog every one's pardon — but indeed we must not sit down thirteen to dinner on New Year's Day. I would not for any money !' ' What nonsense, iny dear,' cried her husband, rather crossly, 'Ilobort will be here direitly. ' It was of n) use. All tho ladies took her part, gaying they ought not to sit down. And there we all stood, uncertain what to bo at, the dinner hovering in mid ; air like Mahomet's coffin, and not to- ; be , eaten. .' There aro- two days in the : year ; when .it is, not well to sit down thirteen ; .Ne\v Year's Day and Christmas Day,' said' Mrs. Tbdhotley, and the rest held with her. 'Are wo all to go back to the drawingroomj and leave our dinner?' demanded1 Old Coney, in wrath. 'Where the plague is. Robort ? Look here : those that won't sit down thirteen can go and those that don't mind' it can. stop.' .'Hear hear !' cried tho Squire. But Jane-Coney went gliding, to her mother's ; side. 'I will wait for Robert in the drawing-room, mamma, and you can sit down twelve. , .Yes, please ? it is best so. Indeed I could' not eat if I stayed.' ' Shall we send you' some dinner in, child ?',' ' No, thank vqu, papa. I would like ' best ta take it with Robert when he 'comes.' ' AH right,' said old Coney.' ' Johnny., you no overto that sido, to make the table tven. We'll have the grace now, parson.' And tire parson said it. . , : It was a dinner that pleased the Squire's heart. He had a, mortal objection- to.what_he called kickshaws, meaning the superfluous dishes you get' at , a modern entertainment; . The Coneys never had kickshaws, only a plain, substantial dinner, the best of its kind. 'Conpy, I never taste such oyster- sauce' as yours, go where I will,' cried, phe Squire. . 'It can't bo matched. ' Old Coney winked ; as much as to say ho knew it. '.' The 'missis gives an eye to that, you see, Squire,' ho answered in a side whisper. 'She had been in the kitchen till you came.' The Squire took another ladle-full. He went once or twice to every dish, and drank champagne with all of us. But still Robert Ashton did not come. I slipped; round to Mrs. Coney when, the plum pudding'appeared, whispering that I would take a slice to Jane. '' So , you shall, Johnny,' sho said, giving me some on a plate, and 'putting a mince-pie beside jt. ' She'll have no luck unless she oats a bit of pudding and pie on the first day of the year.' . : . ' , : : Jane sat in an elbow chair before the fire, her head leaning sideways on her hand, her haira; little tumbled. It was very nice hair, dark ches nut, and her, eyeB wore '* hazel. Robert Ash ton jwas fair-haired and blue^eyed.; Saxon all over, and very good-looking. 'I; have brought you Jb'jinu puuuiug, jauc. Vu- tioiinujr, wily uiu. you leave the table ? I can't eat it.' ' But Mrs. Coney says you are to' ; and some mince pie too, or else you'll have rid ^ luck.' As if in obedience she ato a small bit of the pudding,. cut a quarter out of the mince-pie' with her fork; and ate that. 'There, Johnny, that's enough for 'luck.' You go back now:tbyour dinner, I daresay you've not had any pudding.' 'I'll stay with you and eat this, as it is going begging.' She neither said yes nor no'. She was looking frightfully uneasy. 'Are you vexed thut Robert Ashton's not here, Jane ?' :'I am not vexed ; because I know he would have been here if he could. I think something has happened to him.' I stared at her. 'What! because he is a little late in coming 1 Why, Jane, you must be nervous. ' She kept looking into the fife, her eyes fixed. I sat on the other side the; hearth ; :the empty pudding-plate with its fork standing on the rug, between us, where I ?had put it. .. ''Robert was sure to come for his dinner, Johnny, all being well- and to be in time.' .,'.'' Tell me what you fear, Jane— and Iwhy.' ' I think I will tell you,' she said, after aparise. ''Ishould like to tell some one. I wish I had told Robert when he called this morning ; but I was afraid he was laughing at mo. You will .laugh, too.' ' ? : ' . ? ?' ? : . . And Jane Coney told it. In a low, dread voice, her eyes staring into the fire as before, just as though they could seo through the blaze into the future. Early that morning she had had a dream ; a nasty, disagreeable, ugly dream about Robort Ashton. ' She thought he was in some frightful peril, that she cried out to him to avoid it, or it would stop their marriage. He seemed not to take the least notice of her, but to.go right ion to if ; and in the alarm this brought her, she awoke. I listened in silonce, saying nothing to the end ; no, nor then. 'The dream was so in tensely ' real, Johnny. It seemed to be to-day ; this very day . then dawning ; arid we both of us knew that it was; the one before our marriage. I woke up in a fever ; and'but that it was night ,and not day, should have had a difliculty to per suade mysqlf at first that we were not really en actingthe scene— it was, as I say, so vividly real. And Robert went out to the peril, never heeding mo. ' '' What was the perin' ' That's what I can't tell. ; A consciousness lay upon me that it was something very bad and frightful ; but of its nature I saw nothing. I . did not go to sleep again : it must have been about six o'clock, but tne mornings are/very dark, you know. I got up soon : what with , this dinner-party and other things, there has been a great deal done to-day, ; and I soon forgot the dream. Robert called after : breakfast, and the sight of him put me in mind of it . I felt a great inclination to tell him to take'especiaLcarb of himself ; but he would only have laughed at me. He drove away direct to the Timberdale station, to take the train for Worces ter.' She did not say what ho had igoue' there for, though.' To get the ring and licence.. 'I have net felt the smallest fear of the dream all along, Johnny, since I awoke. . ;Save for the few minutes Robert was here, I don't remember even to have thought of it; But when tho others— his brothers and Mr. West-HJame in without him, it flashed over, ; mo like, a ' thunderbolt. I felt sure then that something had happened. I daresay we shall nover bo married now.'. To me it seemed to be ; getting serious. Therb might be nothing at all in what sho said ; most peoplo would have said there \yas nothing ; but, sitting there in the quiet room listening to. her earnest voice, seeing her anxious' face, a feeling came over mo that there was. What had become of Robert Ashton ! Where could he be ? 'I wish you'd give me that shawl of mamma's,'' she said, pointing to one on a chair. 'J feel cold.' She vras shivering when I piit it over hor pretty white shoulders and arms. And yet the hre was roaring to the very top . of the grate. 'Alone here, while you were all at dinner, I went over all kinds of probabilities,' she re sumed, drawing tho shawl round her as if she were out in the show. ' Of courso there are five hundrod things that might happen to him, but I can only think of ono.' 'Well?' — for she stopped. Sho seemed to be speaking very unwillingly. 'If bo walked ho would bo al most sure to come tho near way, , across the Ravine.'. Was she ever coming to the point ? I said nothing. It was better to let her go on in her own way. ' I daresay you will say the idea is very far- fetched, Johnny. What I think is, that he may have fallen down the Ravine.' Well, I did think it far-fetched. I'd as soon have expected hor to say fallen down the chim ney. Those zig-zag paths aro not very safe in good weather, especially the ono on the Timber dale side,' she went on. 'With tho snow on thom? perhaps ice, they aro positively dangerous. Ono talBo Btop at the top— apd the fall might kill him.' Put in this way, it seemed feasible enough. But yet — somehow I did not take to it. ' Robert Ashton is strong and agilo, Jano. He has como down the zig-zag hundreds of times.' ' I scorn to seo him lying there, at tho bottom of tho Ravine,' she said, staring as before into the fire. ' I — wish — somo of you would go and look for him.' % 'Perhaps wo had bettor. I'll make make ono. Who's this?'* It was Tom Coney. His mother had sont him to seo after mo. I thought I'd tell him— keep- ing counsel about tho dream— that Robert Ash ton , might have corao to grief iu the Ravine, ' What kind of grief ?' asked Tom. '[ Turned a summerset down ,the zigzag, and. be lying with a leg broken.' Tom sjiowed' all his: white teeth: the notion amused him excessively. -??' What else would you like to, suppose, Johnny ?' ' At any rate Jano thinks i so.'. She turned round then, the tears in her eyes, and went up to Tom in a burst of grief It took him aback.: ' Tom ! ; Tom ! if no one goes to seo after him, I think I must go myself. 1 can't bear the suspense much longer!' 'Why. Jenny girl, what has taken, you?' , ?'?'?? : That had taken her. Tho fear that Robert. Ashtonmight.be lying disabled or dead itf the Ravine. 'Tom Coney called Tod quietly but of ' the dining-room, and we three started. Putting on our coats in silence, we went out at the back door, which was nearest the Ravine. Jano came with us to the gate. I never saw such eager eyes as hers were, when she threw them but across the snow in the moonlight. 'Look (h ere,'.' said' Tom : 'we had better tuck our trousers up.' It1 was not pleasant, I can assure you, especially tho going down tho zig-zag. Jane was riglit about its:; being slippery : we had to hold on by .the trees and bushes, and tread cautiously. . When pretty near the bottom, Tod made a false step, and shot down into the snow. ' .'Murder !' he roared. oiit. ' ' Any bones broke?' asked Tom' Coney, . who could hardly speak for laughing. Tod growled, , and shied a handful1 of snow at him. But the slip 'brought home to . us . the probability 'of the fear about Robert Ashton. \ To slip, from where' Tod did was. fun ; to. slip from the top of the zigv zag quite another tiling. The snow here at the bottom was up to' our calves, and the black trousers got rolled up higher. The moonlight lay cold and white on tho Ravine ; the clustering1 trees, 'thick . in summer, were leafless now. Had .any fellow been gazing down from tho : top, wV must have looked, to him, like three black Coated undertakers, ghdmgalongtoafuneral. 'JL'Jl tell you what,' cried Tod. ' If Ashton did.lbse his footing, he'd not come to such mortal grief. The depth of snow would -save him.' 'I don't believe he did fall,' said Tom Coney, stoutly. j' Bob Ashton's as sure-footed as a hare. ' But 'for Jane's being so miserable/ I'd have said, flat, I'd not come out on any such wikl-goosc errand.' ': On we. went, wading through the sea of snow, Some of us looked round for the ghost's light, and' did not see it. But rumor said that it never came on a bright moonlit, night. Here we were at last! -^-at the foot of the other zig-zag; But Robert Ashton wasn't here. And the best proof that he had not fallen was the unbroken surface of the snow. Not so. much 'as ,a 'rabbit had scudded across to disturb its smoothness. 'I knew it !' said Tom Coney. ' He has riot come to grief at all. It stands to reason that a fellow must have heaps to do. the day before his wedding, if it's only burning his old love lotters. Bob had. a heap of them, no doubt ; 'and couldn't get away in time for dinner.' 'Wo had better go on to his house and see,' I said._ ' Ohj that be hanged,' cried the other two in a breath. ' Well, I shall. It's not much farther. You can go back or not, as you like. ' This zigzag, though steeper than the one on our side, was not so slip pery. Perhaps the sun :had shone on it in the day and melted the snow. I went up it .nearly as easy as in good weather. Tod arid , Coney, thinking better of the turning back) came after me. . ? .'.?'.' .'.,'-' ? . . ? ' . { '?? We should have been at Timberdale Court in five minutes, taking the short cut over hedges, and ditches, but for ah adventure by the1 way; which the magazine' would not give me space to. tell of. It had nothing' to do with Robert Ash ton. Getting to the Court, we hammered at it hotly till the door was opened. ?;, The servant started back in surprise. ' ''(Joodriess me,' said she, ' I thought it was1 master.' ' ^yhere is the master ?' asked Tom. 'Not come home, sir. He has not been in since he left this morning.' It was all out. Instead of pitchpolling into Crabb Ravine arid breaking his limbs, Bob Ashton had not got back from Worcester. It was very strange though, what could bo keeping him, and the, house was nearly in a commotion. When we got back to the Farm, they were laying the table lor the wedding breakfast. Plenty of kickshaws now, and some lovely flowers. The ladies, helping, had their gown- skirts turned up. This helping had not been in tho evening's programme ; but things seemed to have been turned upside down, and they were glad to seize upon it. Jane and her sister sat alone by the drawing-room fire, never saying a word to one another. . ' Johnny, . I don't half liko this,' whispomt Mrs. Todhetiey to mo. . . ' Like what, good mother ?' ' This ab sence of Robert Ashton.' I don't know that I liked it, cither. . .' ll ',' Morning came. In an uncertainty of comriio tion like this, people go into each other's houses indiscriminately. The first train came in from Worcester before it was well light ; but it did not bring Robert Ashton,. As to the snow on the ground, it was pretty well beaten by now. 'He'd not travol by that slow parliaihenUry thing : he '11 come by the bxprcss to South Crabb Junction,' said Tom Coney, ? thinking he'd cheer away the general disappointment. Jane, we had not seen. Theexpress would be at the Junction between nine and ten. A wholo lot of us went down thore. . It Wtos not farther1 off than Timberdale station, but tho opposite way. I don't think one of us was moro eager than another, unless it was the Squire. The ' thing was getting serious, he told us ; and he went puffing about like a : man looking for his head- To witness the way; he seized hold of the doors when the express streamed in,, and put his old red-nose inside all the car riages, looking for Robert Ashton, was a sight. The guard laid hold of his arm, saying ho'd come to damage; , But Robert Ashton was not in tho train. ' He may come yet,' said old Coney look ing tit to cry. ' There'll be a train in again at Timberdale. Or he may drivo over. ' But every one felt that he would not come. Something told us so. It was only making believe to one an other, saying ho would. ' I shall go to Worcester by the next clown train,' said the Squire, to old Coney. 'The next does not stop here.' 'They'd better stop it for me,' said the Squire, defiantly. ' You can't come, Coney. You must stop to give Jane away.' 'But if there's no bridegroom to give her to?' debated old Coney. 'Theremay be. You must stop on the strength of it. ' The down train came up, and oboyed tho signal to stop made by the station-master. The Squire, Tod, and Tom Coney got in, and it steamed on again. ' Now mind, I shall conduct this search,' tho Squire said to the others, with a. frown. ' You yoim' fellows don't know your right hand from your left in a business of this sort. We must go about it systematically, and find out tho diflereut places that Robert Ashton went to yesterday, and the people he saw.' Tod and Tom Conoy told us this later. Whon they arrived at Worcester, the first man they saw at Shrnbb Hill station, was Harry Coles, who had bceu sending somebody ofl' by the train. Which was rather curious ; for his brother, Fred. Coles, was Robert Ashton's great chum, and was to bo groom's-man at the werlding. Harry Coles said his brother had mot Ashton by appointment tho previous day, and went with him to the Re gistrar's oflice for tho marriage licence— which wits supplied to thom by. Mr. Clifton himself. After -that- they went to the jcwollcr's, and choso the wedding ring. 'Well, what after that?' cried the impatient Squire. Harry Coles did not know what. His brother had come baok to their office early in the afternoon — about one o'clock — saying Ashton wasgoinj;, or liad gonohomo. 'Can't you toll which ho said— going, or gone?' de manded the Squire, getting red. 'No, I can't,' said Harry Coles. ''I was busy with soino esti mates, ;uiu did not pay particular heed.' ' Then you ought to have paid itsir, ' retorted the Squiro *' Your brother ?— where is he ?'' ' ttoue over to Timberdale ages ago. He started the first thin this morning, Squire ; a big coat thrown over his wedding toggery.' ? The squire growled, as a relief to his feelings, . not knowing what in the world to do. He sud denly said he'd goto the Registrar's office, and started for Edgar-street on the run. Mr. Clifton was not there, but a clerk was. Yes. -Mr. Ash ton of Timberdale had been there tne previous day, 'he said, in answer to the Squire, and had got his licence. The governor (meaning Mr. Clif ton, who knew the Ashtons and tho Coneys well) had joked a bit with young Ashton when he gave it. As to telling where Ashton of Timberdale and Mr. Coles had gone to afterwards, the clerk did not know from Adam. So there was nothing to be got out of the Regis trar's office, and the Squire turned his steps up the -town again, Tod and Coney following him like two tame lambs^ for he'd not let them make a suggestion or put- in a word edgeways. ? Ho was on his way to.the jeweller's now; but as he had omitted to ask Harry Coles which of the jeweller's shops the ring was bought ?at, ho tookthem all in succession, andhiVupon the right ono aftor difficulty. He learnt, nothing there either. Mr. Ashton of Timberdale had, bought the nng and keeper, and paid for them, the master said. ? Of course everybody know the young lady was Miss Jano Coney ; ho had brought one of her rings as a guide for size ; a chased gold with small garnet stono in it. 'I am not asking for rings and stones,'', said the Squire wrathf ully. ' ' I want to know if. Mr. Ashton said where he' was going af terwards.' ' He never said a word about it,' returned the master. 'When they went out of herb— -young Fred Coles was with : him— they took tho way towards the hop market.'. Tho Squire went to the Crown next, the inn used by the Ashtons of Timberdale. Robert Ashton had called. in' the previous day, about pno o'clock, the waiter said, had taken a small piece of bread and cheese, observing that he had no time for anything, olse, and half a glass of table beer. Mr. Coles had come down Broad Street with him, as far as the inn door, when they shook hand's and parted; Mr. Coles going back again. The waiter thought Mr. Ashton, was not in the house above five: minutes, at tho most.. 'And don't you know where ho went to next;?' urged the Squire. No, the waiter replied. The im Srcssjpn on his, mind was that Mr. Ashton's busi essin Worcester was over, and. that ho was re turning home again. ..,...., The Squiro moved slowly up Broad Street, more gloomy tlian an owl, his hands, in his pockets, his nose blue. He boasted of his systematical abili ties, as applied to searches, but he knew no more what to be at next than, the man' in the moon. Turning up the Cross, he came to an anchor, out side the linen-draper's shop ; propping his back against the window, as if the hanging silks had offended him. There he stood, staring up at St. Nicholas' clock opposite. ,' Tom,' said he, vir tually giving in, 'I think we had better talk to the police.. Here's one coming along now.' When the policeman was abreast, the, Squire took his hands from his pockets, and. pinned, the man by his bution hole. ' Mr. Ashton of Timberdale.! —oh, he has got into trouble, sir,' was the man's ready answer. 'He is before the magistrates now, on a charge of — — ' The railway omnibus, coming along at the moment, partially drowned ?the; word. . . ,' Charge of what ?' roared the Squire. The policeman repeated it. The omnibus was ;making a, frightful clatter, and! the Squire only just caught it now. With a great cry he dashed over to the fly stand, got into one, and ordered it to gallop away with him. Tom Coney and Tod :barely escaped having to hang on behind. . ' Drive like mad,' stampod the squire. ' Yes, sir,' said the man, dbingjtf. 'Where to ?' ' (Jo on, will you, sir '! To^fefie deuce.' ' To the Police-court;' ?corrected Tom Coney. Arrived there, the Squire left them to pay, and fought his way inside. The first thing his spectacles caught sight of distinctly, was the fair Saxon face and fine form of Robert Ashton, standing, a prisoner, in the criminal dock. ''?'..?' *???.♦ * * # ;# # * At the Farm, things were in a state more easy to imagine than describe. The carriages came bowling, bringing the guest?. The four brides maids wore pale-blue silk, trimmed with white fur. Jano was dressed. In passing her door, I saw her. They had sent me up to fetch some thing from Tom's room. 'Is it not a mockery, Johnny ?' she said, letting me go inside. And her poor pale face looked more tit for a burying than a wedding, and hor eyes had dark circles round them.- ' If you mean your dress, Jane, I never saw anything less like a mockery, or more like a Princess's m the fairy tale.' It was of rich whito silk .; a delicate wreath of myrtle and orange-blossoms on her chesnut hair. The veil lay upon the bed. ' You know what I mean, Johnny. There will be no wedding at North Crabb church to-day — and nothing can nave been more foolisb. than to prepare me for it. Oh, Johnny ! if I could but go to sleep for ten years, and never wake up between. ' Before the gate waited.tho carriages, their pos tilions in scarlet jackets ; the company in their fino pluniago, jostled each other in the nooks and 'corners of the house; tho maids, wearing a ? bright uniform of purple gowns and white mus lin aprons, ran about wildly. Every two minutes : old Coney went up to a staircase window that faced Timberdale, looking- out to nee whether Robert Ashton was coming -like Sister Anne in ' Bluebeard. ' Twelve o'clock. It was a knell booming out ; and the carriages went away with the company. A fine ending to a wedding that was. I -was standing at the back door, disconsolate as the raoaiiing wind, when the Timberdale station fly came rattling along. A gentleman put* his head out of it, to toll the driver to stop. He got down, and camo limping up to mo. It was Mr. West's partner, old Cockermuth, who had de clined an invitation to tho wedding because of gout. 'Look here,' said he catching hold of my shoulder, ' I want to say half a dozen words to Mr. Couoy. Can you manage to bring him out to. me, or smuggle me into any littlo place where we can bo alone ? I suppose the house is chuck full of them wedding people.' 'You have brought bad news. of Robert Ashton !' I said in sudden conviction. ' What is it ?' ' Well, so I have, ' he answered confidentially. ' ' It will soon bo known to everybody, but I'd like to break it to Coney first. I've come over to do it. Robert Ashton is in custody for murder !' I felt my face turn as pale as a girl's. ' For murder V Old Cockermuth pulled a chin as long as two, and nodded. ' He's in custody for nothing less than the murder of his brother-in-law, Bird. Yesterday ? ' A smothered cry behind us ; and I turned sharply. There stood Jane. Shehad seen old Cockermuth 's arrival ; and came down, knowing he must have come with bad news. Tho white robo and wreath were gone, aud she wore her everyday dress of violet merino. , ' Now, my dear ! my flcur, be calm !' cried old Cockermuth, in .a fright. ' For goodness sake shut , us in some where, Johnny Ludlow ! We shall have the whole pack out upon us.' Somo of the pack did coiuo, before he could be phut up. And there we wore -—hearing that Robert Asshton had been taken up for murder. It appeared that, after quitting the Crown on the previous day, ho met his sister's husband, Captain. Bird — from habit, people still accorded him his title. Captain Bird told him Lucy was dangerously ill, ami asked him to go and see her. Robert went ut onco to their lodgings. What exactly happened there, nobody as yet knew ; but Robert ami Bird got quarrelling. Robert never came out again. In tho morniug (this morning) the neighbors heard a hue and cry ; aud oa tie door being opened by two policemen, Bird was' found lying in the passage dead as was supposed, and Robert Ashton was given into custody tor his murder. Jane touched me on the arm, and I fol lowed her' into the large, empty ' dining- room. ~. That miserable breakfast ! waiting for those who -. could not sit down to eat it. The evergreens ?: on the walls seemed to look faded ; the flowers on the table to have lost, their first brightness. ' You see I was right, Johnny,' sho said. ' That i dream was a dream : of warning. And sent as ? one. ' It did look like it. But dreams are things : you can't lay hold of ; no, nor believe in. Stand- : ing by the cold grate she began to shake. In the ? confusion tho servants had lot the. fire go out. 'i 'I'd forget 'the. dream' if I were- you, Jane. I Where's the use of people having dreams ? ' ' Warnings, Johnny. ' ' ? ' — — If they :cannot see ; how to make use , oi them ? Call them warnings, ', ? an' you like the- word better.' They are'of no ;? good at all.' . ' Oh, Johnny, if I could but die ! : It was hard enough to. bear when he was only ? missing ; but now- — ' : ? . ? . It was just as though she never meant to leave » off shivering. . I went to hunt for some small ; sticks, and saw our cook, Molly, in the kitchen - amidst the maids. Trust her for being in tho . thick of any. gossip. Brintring the sticks back I ? pushed thom in, aud they soon crackled up into ? a blaze. Jane sat down and- watched them. ' I -? wouldn't be afraid Jane, if I were you. There's ' some mistake.' 'I am riot afraid — in one sense, t That: Robert has done nothing wrong willingly, I know. But— he is rather passionate ; and r there's no telling how they might provoke him. ' If- there is much suspense ; a trial, or anything of ' that— well, I suppose I shall live through it.' . How hopeless sho looked, her head bent, her eyes : not lifted. Just then thero was a cry outside for '? Jane. 'Jane!' 'Go out, Johnny, and say If am all right. Pray to them to let me be- alone. Tell mamma not to come ; I am easier by myself r —and the 'fire's burning up. They've gone c calling up stairs ; they'd not think I'm in here.' ? Was there anything incoherent in her words ? '. I looked at - her narrowly. I suppose ' that they . sounded something like it. '-. ' One has been coming to soothe me ; and cinothcr i has been coming ; I've not known how to bear it. ? They mean it in kindness ; great kindness ; but ' I would so much rather be alone. You go now, ?? Johnny.' So I shut her in, and whispered to ; Mrs. Coney that she was praying to bo left alone. ? I don't know how the day went on, except that '? it was miserably uncomfortable. We had somo cold beef in the every . day ? dining-room, and old Coney, .after saying ho'd give a thousand pounds out of his own pocket for it not to have happened, went and smoked a pipe with Cockermuth. Dusk began to come on. ? Why, who was that, driving up in Robert Ash- . ton's dog cart ? Robert ! Robert himself ? Yes, ' it was ; and the Squire, and Tod, and Tom Coney with him. The clog cart had gone to the station to wait for the others ; they came, bringing Ro- . bert Ashton with them. 'Is it all right, Mr. ? Ashton?' 'Quite right. You did not think it . could be wrong, did you?' 'You are out on' bail?' ' Out for good. There has been rip real' damage done, Johnny. I wonder whero Jane is.' ' I'll take you to her. She has. been wishing she :? was dead.' Nobody in the house scented his ? presence. I opened the door of the large oak room. Jane was kneeling on the hearth-rug, her : face buried in the cushion of the arm-chair. She ? started up at the noise, and stood like ono struck into stone. ' Robert ?' I do believe she thought it was not real — his ghost or something. He went up in silence, slightly smiling — he was always a quiet-mannered man— and holding out his hand. '? It is I, myself, Jane. You look as though you doubted it.' With a great cry she fell forward. Robert caught her to his breast. I was going away when he hastily called to me. For the first time in her life sho had fainted away. The thing had been too much for. her. 'Get a drop of water, Johnny. Don't call anybody. She'll soon come to.' There was water on the table ; wine, too. He gave Jane some of both. And then she listened to his story, leaning on his arm, and cry ing as softly and peacefully us a little child. 'i'hoseoutsidewerelisteningto the wonderful tale. When I went out, they had gathered in the best kitchen, round the Squire, who had gone there in search of old Coney. The Squire's glowing face was a sight to be seon. Mrs. Coney had sat down on the mahogany bench ; her hands lifted. Coney stood with his pipe held at arm's length. As to Mrs. Todhetiey, the tears were running down her cheeks in a stream. , It was quite true that Lucy Bird was very ill. Robert saw her in bed. As he was leaving. Bird began upon tho old grievance — that he should ad vance some of Lucy's money in a lump. Ho wanted it for his cards and dice, you seo. Itobort told him, No ; as he had done all along. An as sociate of Bird's was there, a very bad man, named Dawler. They got Robert to take a friendly glass of wine— which purported to be sherry : and from that moment he lost all power, and partly consciousness. The wine was drugged. Their object, no doubt, had been to make him stupid, and so induce him to sign an undertaking, to hand over the money to Bird. But they had made tho potion a trifle too strong, riot calculat- . ing on the effect it would take on a young and habitually sober man. Robert fell into a deep sleep, from which it was impossible to arouse him : as to writing, his hands were as dead. Late in the morning he awoke ; and, bi$ by bit, realised where he was and what had passed. He ? was a little stupid even then, but quite sensible enough to remember that it was his wedding day, and to foresee that he might have somo trouble to get away from the house. On attempt- ? ing to leave, Bird and Dawler both placed them selves in the passage to prevent him. There was a hot contest. Robert Ashton, a stronger man than either of the others, but aware that all his strength was not then at his own command, seized on a knotted stick, or club, that wa3 lying in, a corner, and lifted it to fight his way through. Dawler struck at it, to thrust it out of his hand, and struck it against Bird's head with frightful force. The fellow dropped, as one dead, and the door was burst open by tho neighbors and policeman. The excitement, perhaps tho exertion,, acting on Robert Ashton's only partly recovered state, threw him stivpid again : tho Ecople took him to be drunk, aud Dawler, gave im in charge for murder. That was the history. When the Squire hail got into tho police-court, Robert Ashton (who was nearly himself again through the remedies tho doctor had given him in the police-station) was telling his tale. Dawler was contradicting him, and swearing hard aud fast that it was a case of deliberate murder. The magistrates invited the Squire to a seat beside them : and the first thing he did was to break into a hot tantrum vowing Robert Ashton couldn't be guilty. How it would have turued out no one i^new, but Lucy saved him. A wan,, haggard, young wo-' man, wrapped iu an old shawl, staggered' into tho jii3ticc-room, to the front of the room.1 Ifc, was Lucy Bird. Sho had come crawling along the streets to toll tho truth. ' My brother Ro bert did not attempt to strike any one,' she said \ ?' . in a low, weak, earnest tono. ' Ho but held the. club in hia hand. It was Dawler who threw his weight upon tho club, and struck down my husband. Robert fell too ; pushed down by Daw ler. This is the sole truth before Heaven !' ' They beliovod her. Tho best was, that Bird was not dead at all, only stunned : and the next to appeal- in court was himself with a big white plaister on his forehead. Discovering his wife's private flight to tho magistrates, ho thought it well to go after . her ; there was no knowing what plots might bo; in the wind. The whole beach shook hands with. Robert Asbton, telling Bird and the other man significantly that they had better take care what they -were about for the future ; and the . Squire brought him home in triumph. ] ? !;'. ?' ; ?'But where is Robert 1' asked ?bld: Coney and tho rest. ? ' Why, in there with Jane ; where else Bhould he be 1' They burst into the oak-room in - . a body, and found himtrying on the ring. '?'?' Why shouldn't wo have a dinner to-night ?' askod old Conoy.-' Last night's was but half a one, -through: ,mme bother or another.'. 'Hear, hear !' cried the Squire. 'Why not ?' ' The'onlyitliingagainst it'was— as Mrs. Coney said— that no dinner was prepared; Unless: they could put \ip with a cold one.. - 'And glad -lio,'- spoke up1 'everybody. So the cold meats were brought from the larder, and' the fowls from the^ breakfast tabl6, anil laid in ineeveryday dining parlor. ^ The ladies were in their ordinary gowns, and there was no room for elbows, but we made up with laughter. - ' ; Sixteen this evening; Fred Coles being thera and old1 Cockermuth, who sat down in spite of the gout Afterwards we went' off by tlie light- of the stars to summon- the company- to the morrow's; 'wedding; it was good to go knocking- at the doors ? 'with the news; While -the servants at the Farmj rdih. Molly, to 'help them , began cooking' fresh f owls for tho breakfast table. ???'?' . ' ; .And that's about all. There never was a better ?wedding seen, and the scarlet jackets of the post boys dazzled one's eyes in the morning sun; ' Ro bert Ashton was calm and quiet in the church ;? Jane too, and not'a bit nervous. The chief speech i at the breakfast table -was' undertaken by 'the Squire^, so you may give a guess what it was life'; biit it didn't spoil the wedding-cake.- '? ? ' V1--' __. Jane was shut up : with' her mother : when 'the tune came for starting, and;came out in '.a great flood of sobbing tears. She was leaving her childhood's home, you see. Robert would have hurried her straight to the carriage; but the com-' Fany wouldn't be done out of their leave-taking, .was the last. 'Thank you for all, Johnny,': ehe sobbed, wringing my hand as she went down the path. 'They were all very kind to me yes terday, but it seemed that you ;were kindest. ' In; Ihe next minute, both of them, with the door phut, and the carriage away towards South Crabb Junction. The people cheered, the cocks crew, ? and tho old shoes flew after them in a shower. ' 