STATE - AIDED E MIGRATION. '(From the London Correspondent of the Argus.) ., :The oracle ban spoken. The Government, after a protracted Benson of. hope-fostering rcticence, has.given its deliverance, and nil surprise is at an end. A debate, initiated bv Mr Robert Torrens, of Cambridge, on the subject of state support to emigration, issued in _ tbc peremptory rejection of the proposal"!)}' a majority of 105, which may be taken as a final quietus to this pleasant dream of philanthropic statesmanship. The agitation may not. all at once »ive up the ghost; the cry for h'elp may not die away into sudden silence; public;demonstrations will not immediately cease ; but all vitality is gone out of the movement, anil, unless a change of Mini-try should occur, those who have no nobly championed the claims of tho unemployed will soon yield to the ditconruienienfc of thooe who find themselves vainly beating the ftir. ^I'lio fyofc S3, rightly or v/roii'-ly, ueady ail out' politician!) ni'iu economist:! ine op>>oeo<J !o all projects of fitata tiii'l to notoiuqiijiim, 'X'iio CfoiHoy. vative papers have been trailing upon tlic question for .sonic time piist. . .Great sympathy has been] professed lor tho distressed operatives ; the assist- | an'ce of Government to facilitate the transference of tile destitute mid suiTeiiucr to more proniiaing fields of: labor .has been clamorously demanded; and on declining to.undertake tliis mighty task, tin: .conduct of the Ministry bns.bcen stigmatised ns cliiir)inli, . callous,.. and- heartless, i Yet it is evident that tlio Tory party docs not follow the lead of its journalistic organs; for on tljis occasion of the ' late. division only one Conservative out of nine voted for Mr Tprrena's ?proppial. The remainder of the party, eight-ninths, of them, stayed''away IVbiii; onemotive- or another. So upon neither political- party .in the state'can the unemployed reckon for organised holp in their trouble, , '? ^ ! Thc.termsof Mr Tofrons's resolution were " That in onler to arrest the increase _ of pauperism, nnd t6 relieve the distressed [condition of 'thu working classes,' it is expedient .that .measures-be ndopted for facilitating the emigration oi poor families to Biitishicolonies.'' lie expressed himself na li'eing in f.'ivor of authorising poor-law guardians'borrow s.unis on the security of the rates, "which the}' should expend in providing means for emigration, repaying themselves in a limited period out of the rates they would thereby save. lie nlso suggested paying Ll,000j000 out .of the consolidated fund, which, lie thought, aided by local hel'p.from tho sums borrowed on the rates to the'extent ol another LI,000,000, would defray the cost of the ciiiigraiiiitf of 50j000 families. Mr Rastwiek, in seconding the motion, pointed out that.tho colonics niTfirdqd ail .nmplo- field for the surplus population of this country ; .'and, replying to tlio - ttrgurVi'wi\"that if emigration were encou raged by the"f.tiUe*;it would d'ruw oft the elite of the working classes, contended that all experience proved that1'emigration was not a matter of preference, biit. oi, necessity; In his judgment, there' ought to bo n jpcrmanent department of eniigra'ion, constituted by the emigration com missioners, 'tmd nsn6oiiUed,.with the Poor- law Board, with, an assistant secretary at its head, and supplied, with'fiindfi by the nation:'.. The principle ol Government aid, he reminded -the Home, had been'conceded in the Irish Land Bill; ana why not make ailyaiiCM.. to .English settlers in the colonies upon, the 'security of tlieir- lands ? ; That system. had.'already 'been.'.tried; in.Canada, and worked well, the Government annually j'ctover ing lar^e SIHUS of'inonoy on this account. It had also been tried to.a certain; extent at theVOapo and in the " Australia's, with good results.' Such advances should he made only to- families, for it ! was the emigrutiou 'Op families alone that would insure anytr.ngible benefit to the country. Air Mmisell,. who: spoke. for the Government, t/ave a strenuous.oppoiilion to the motion, which he characterised-'as the resuscvtatiouiof u project killed off -twenty-one years' ago. .,'TUe first r,esult> Lol"a"eystfhi'ol state emigration must be to check the tide' of' natural and voluntary emigrajibn,' which had .conferred jSiich eijormous benefits on the colonies. It would discourage, too, such a process of relief. a9 the-Irish" exodus. Would the colonies, consent to receivd' the classes whom it was proposed to' send out ; br, rather, should we not soon have a", paiiper'question with them, as we i.ad.formerly a convict-question ? The colonists had niupIeUaeiiml 'disposable for bringing over emigrants whenever ^j,iey. ..wanted theiu, and they wonkbonlyibfitijr oy.cf'just 'the classes they needed. Tiie niptipu .v/as^ supported by Lord G. Harail toiv as'h iiic.ai'is. of .binding'more closely together the.colonies'outi the niotliCr country; by Mr.S. Aytoun as affording an extension of the markets lor our manufactures:;'' by Mr Macfie ns tending to the consolidation of the firitish empire; by Mx M'Cullagh Torrens, who contended, that, there was no intention of -sending out paupers, but skilled and unskilled surplus laborers. The proposal was opposed . by Mr Melly, who .thought the .present distress ? temporary only ; by Mr -Muutz, Mr A. Peel, Mr Brassey, and. Sir C. Dilke. In conclu sion of the debate, Mr Gladstone remarked on the vague language of the" resolution and the dis cordant interpretation-.put-on it"" by its sup ported. To so indefinite a proposal, shirk in" every attempt at u practical Bolution, It would not bo for' the dignity of the Ilonse to commit itself., -'Describing Ivia objections to" ft system of'state emigration, Mr.Gladstone main tained that if Parliament did by chance.entertain it, it would soou retrace its steps. Such a schonie would paralyse the .natural operations by which the labor market was relieved,, and.^would atop the supply of .voluntary aid for emigration. Replying to the complaint that" the iGovernment would do nothintr, he pointed .'out that though they would, not lay down any'great' scheme, Mr. Ghilders had; recently offered the use-.of the. transports going to; Canada for emigra,Uon-pui-por-es.: Lord Granville; had been inquiring; from the colonial' authorities . whether they were willing to; undertake the re payment ot ? advances to emigrants, 'and Mr GoseUen had been iiv'communication with the colonial agentii.'lierii, to say nothing of the opera tions ttf the emigration cemmisaioners. - =Moreover, they were ready fb cntertaii^.anj^praQtjcalopro- ; po»al likely 'to' be berie'ficial. iBttt.nothing liken: wholesale ' scheme' of einigration had ever yet .been found practicable-even.;in:.tmie3>_of 'more .severe distress'! such as the Irish famine, and the Lancashire.-,; i'runitle,'though the Biibject had exercised the-.minds of most. experienced statesmen..'.The reason fopHhis was that; it/was: hill of practical difiicuJties,,Q_a.whi.ch. lie-.dilated at some leogth, and-among'which*Tie mentioned- the difficulty of selecting ,the emigrants,-the{aversion of the working' classes as a rule to emigrate^ the_ injustice ofJ.n.iposinij.a-hasvy-charge-onr-"tMe poor of tliis'' country for jassisting.'those who-were not n:\up-ro, the impossibility 'dE limiting the. emigra tion to the British'colonies, and'the possible objec tions of foreign powers if wo'did' not. One good effect of nhe"'dismission ortlie subject in the - House ' o( - G'ommons,.' and. the. explicit declaration of the Government, will'be to stimulate private efforts-and'strengthen' the benevolent anu Bclf-helpim* org'anisatioiis which . are grappling with the evil. . "The.committee of the British and' Colonial Emigration -Society.-at once made a stronger appeal to the wealthy and the generopo fop tlieir pronint.aid. - Three troop ships are to be. employed in irimsportins to Canada.8q.me. of,the. difbhaved. laborer^ .. at "Woolivich, Deptford, Chatham, and other Government towns,.,provided the victualling expenses-4da^ per head-are forth coming. -? ... ?" " A Fatat. ACCIDENT occurred af Richmond on We'dnesdav afternoon" no a brickmaker named Walter Wiiittick. Deceased was working in a clay hole, when a mass o}'clay about, three, tons lu weight, which had- bCeii, Iboaejiod- by_ the ram, slipped and fell, completely covering him. Assist^ auce was at once_i;eu.dered,-but'it-wQS-Ticnrly an hour'before he was dug out, when .life .was of course quite extinct;. An inquest was. held on Thursday by i\li" Candler, the jury;returning a verdict of accidental death';'; / . . . , . Gn\sTr.t Scti'.NTiric' ExpeeImests. - lne Cosmos gives an accomYt ; of' certain . experi meiUs made by two:'Prcnch/ doctors,, .on,,the; head of the pnrricide liiillivire,- v.'bo waa\ recently, exe cuted it Bcauvftis. The liead was' lianded -over to, the medical men within-, five minutes .of the execution. The expression pf the face'wa? one of stupor, not of pain, There- was no evidence, we are told, that either the-.juw or";the tongue, had made .the least-m'ovenicnt aftqr the knife had fallen.' One of, the experimentalists began-by shouting in the ear the 'name ;of,':th:e" condemned;: I but no contraction of t^e'tnusclcfl-pf tlie face, .was apparent; a similiar"result attonded.the placing ot' apoive dipped in aintnouia,; undec , the nooe.' The head even submitted'to -the. cauterisation of mi-eye without blinking. Electricity, by meana of Lcendre's pile, wfis then applied; and n variety of tricks performed, not quite ta the doctors satisfaction, we suppose'; for they do not seem to have discovered what they half cspeoted-that the brain retained its consciousness. In conclu sion we are told it . is proposed, on the occasion of the next execution, to 'inject . fresh -.blood into the veins of the 'guillotined man's head, and to discover if possible, .. whethei- .tlio- phenomena noticed by Dr. Brown Sequard .'in'the caso of a do"-which h^.beeu subjected »e tho proaess, and therounoon gave of voluutary movoment.can he reproduced all whScli aeeiiiu to W {mMvtt CUMtH) a ijheaeiy soil of 