BEITDIGO ADVERTISER PUBLISHED DAILY. PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR KBdOUHCK3. SANDHURST, MONDAY, FEB 14. 1^70 Commercial and mining reports, and the report of the sittings of the Supreme Court occupy BO much of our space to day that we have ro hold over a leader, several letters, and other matter. LAND BOABD.-The first Lmd Board in this district under the new Act, will be held on the 25;h inst. The necessary arrangements have been made by Mr HodgkinBon, who was iu Sandhurst on Friday. We are given to under stand that in Mr Taylor's district, between the Avoca and Goulburn rivers, not fewer than 65,000 acres have been applied for. THE LIBKEAL ASSOCIATION SOIHEE.-We learn that a reply 1ms been received by the secretary ol the Liberal Association frmn the lion Mr Iligin botham, etutiiif; that he will be able to accept tiie association's invitation to the anniversary soiree to be held on the 25th instant. Arrangements have been made for accommodating 1500 persona in the two orderly-rooms-the Rifle*' and Cavalry-and after tea is terminated the soiree will be continued in the Lyceum Theatre. Invi tation* to the number of about fifty have been forwarded to the members of the Liberal party in both Houses, including '.he members of the late Ministry. Already we hear that a large number of tickets hare been sold. RKDUCED IS RANK. - Senior-Constable M'Cortnick, whose unjnstifiable conduct in taking lli?s M'Lachlan to the lockup caused him to be fined L10 by the Bench, has been reduced in rank by the police authorities for a ser ous breacli of the regulations on that occasion iu being drunk while iu charge of the town. His previous good character prevented his being dismissed. By good conduct lie may regain his position. CHRISTIAN V FBOGGATT.-With reference to this case, which was heard iu the Kaglehtt.vk Police (Jourt on Thursday, it seems a misunder standing bus arisen regarding the magistrates on the bench. Mr Jamea Moore, J.P. being iu the vicinity of the Court, took a seat on the Bench, and when the case mentioned was called on intimated to Mr Cogdon his intention to take no part whatever in the decision, a fact which the Police Magistrate stated upon *he rising of the Court. A PHOTOGRAPHIC SKIT-On Saturday evening a life-like representation in photography of two well-known school ma-ters who have of late been carrying on a rather warm newspaper warfare, was left at our office. The two enemies are dressed as boys and stand hand and hand, one worthy looking out defiantly in the world, as becomes a descendant of those who fought and won at Bannockburn, while the other seems to gazi) askance at the public. We cannot vouch for the fact, but we are informed that the photograph is supposed to represent the latest addition to the High School, two once bad boys who have forsaken the error of their ways, and leaving their several establish ments hive settled all disputes by sitting at the feet of Mr Moir. The idea iB a clever one, and well carried out, and as we understand copies are to be purchased we are sure oil those who know the gentlemen in question will buy on ;. A BIU.IABO MATCH between Mr J. C. Iladley, the local champion, and a gentleman amateur takes place to night at the Freemasons' lintel. THE ENGLISH PI DEsmiANs -It will he seen by our advertising columns that the entries for the sports to be field at the Back Creek Cricket Ground, at which tiie English pedestrians will compete, are to clone tfiis evening, at the Free masons' Hotel, at eight o'clock. 4 I nk FAME cp i.fit Kkivs. - It nniu-r* 'lir.t the I " sensational'' r- "uini ir»r.: ti.e tjuar'z reefs in our district nrc ill :«iiiie instances communicated liy wire tii the neighboring colonies, On Monday i-ist on the outside of Greville nnd Hird's agency office in Sydney the late large yield from the Great Extended Hustler's Company was announced to tlio Sydney public, nml Cfented quite a sensation. CIRCUIT COURT - This court resumed its sittings on Saturday at ten o'clock, His Honor Judge Williams presiding, and Mr C. A. Smythe, instructed by Mr Normoyle, prosecuting on behalf of the Crown. Henry James Limeburner, an old man, schoolmaster at California Gully, was found guilty of an attempt to commit a rape upon one of his school children, a girl eight years of age, named Susan Robertson, and was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment, with hard labor. He was subsequently charged with rape upon another girl, over nine years of age, named Hannah Peterson, but the jury found him guilty of the attempt only, and for this second offence he received another seven years' imprisonment, cumulative on the former sentence. James Duiiian, on a charce of maliciously wounding Matthew Flynn during n quarrel at Back Creek, was acquitted. John Middleton, for stealing L2 from George Sykes, a shearer, who was drunk at the time under the verandah of a publichmise nt Golden-square, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment, with hard labor. Charles Kidge way, who in a quarrel nt Echuca stabbed William Johnson, a boarding house keeper, was sent to gaol for six months. Thomas Cook pleaded guilty to a chartre of larcenv, and was sentenced to four months in gaol. Daniel Robenson pleaded guilt}' to a charge of horsestealing, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. William S. Potts, sliarehroker, pleaded guilty to a charge of larceny as a bai I lee, and was sentenced to six month*' imprisonment. The charges of larceny against William Curtis and Charles Luff were remanded to the Court of General Sessions. The oniy civil case-that of Strong v Malloclf, for slander-was postponed until next court by consent. The court was adjourned until Wednesday, 16th inst, when the cases against Jeremiah Lane for fraudulent insolvency and Patrick Kearney for manslaughter will be heard LATINO a GHOBT.-Some excitement has been caused lately amongst the good people of Golden square by a report that a certain otherwise untenanted house in that locality was the abode or occasional resting place of a figure which bore more resemblance to the "perturbed fpirit" of Hamlet's father, than to the flesh and blood mortals for whose accommodation the premise? were originally intended. The rumor had in fact obtained such credibility in that quarter that none of the neighbors, though gathering in force outeido the haunted house, could muster up sufficient courage to face the dire horrors which it was supposed would have to he encountered by those who might be rash enough to explore the interior or to meet the tall gaunt, spectral figure shrouded iu white which was accustomed to move about in the pale moonlight, shadowless, arid gliding through walls and doors with all thi ease such apparitions are remarkable for. However, a few unbelievers living some distance from the place - at Long Gully to wit-being beyond reach of the infectious fear which the ghost had spread, or perhaps actuated by report of a reward for the capture of the spiritual visitant, determined to offer their services, and on Friday night last betook themselves to the place with their courage screwed up and fixed at the proper point for the accomplishment of the dreadful undertaking. On arriving in front of the houBe over a hundred people were there assembled, who made wav for the doughty individuals who had determined to solve the mystery ov acknowledge themselves converts toMrNayler's theory of spiritual com munication. The foremost of the party being armed with a Colt's, in good order and condition, ready to scare a ghost or drop a mortal, they entered the house and proceeded with their in vestigation, but after searching every crack and cranny where anything mortal or immortal mi"ht be supposed to be secreted, they returned to the moonlight without being able to throw any additional light on the matter. Resuming their search, however, with increased vigilance and determination, one of the party opened a cupboard which had been previously overlooked, on opening which something white was observed lying in the bottom, which, on being examined, proved to be a "arment of linen formed like a shroud, painted a ghastly white, and having a pair of wings at (be nrmholes, which had evidently been placed in concealment to do service when required. Whether it enveloped an aerial form or mortal substance we leave our readers to determine. CHINESE ROGUES. -The vicinity of the White Hills is at the present time infested by a large number of Chinese who during the night gain a dishonest living by robbing machines, gardens, and henroosts, and sweeping roads. Only on Friday last one of their number was brought up before the Bench, at the Sandhurst Police Court, and fined L5, with the alternative of one month's imprisonment for the last named offence. One night last week, about twelve o'clock, a large able-bodied Cbinaman was detected robbing the machine of Messrs Harris and Richards, at the White Hills, by one of the men employed at the machine named Stewart, who at once attempted to seize him. The thief made off and Stewart followed, eventually getting up to him among some holes. The Mongolian, who was armed with a large bamboo stick, being thus brought to bay showed fight and made a fierce onslaught upon Stewart, who was unarmed, with his formidable weapon, breaking Stewart's arm with one blow, and severely cutting his head with another. Stewart having thus been disabled and being defenceless the vagabond made good his escape. The above should act as a warning in future to people not to tackle such formidable antagonists when detected in the act of executing their nefarious designs without at least being suitably armed in case of any contingency We also learn that one night last week another Chinaman was observed by Mr Kraemer getting over the fence of his garden with a basket of stolen fruit. Mr Kraemer, who was armed with a gun, called upon John to stop but the mandate was unheeded by the Chinaman, merely causing him to double his exertions to effect his escape, and Mr Kraemer fired. The thief dropped the basket of fruit and ran off, but it is said not unwounded. LYCEUM THEATRE.-A new Irish drama, en titled " Thige-na-Dhiol, or the Wrongs of Ireland," was placed upon the stage of the Lyceum Theatre on Saturday night for the firBt time, before a pretty fair audience. The plot, containing the usual sensational ingredients-" love and murder," is a pretty good one, and the piece altogether is iietter than the average of dramas of the same description. The principal character of the piece, Timothy Malone, was sustained by Mr Maosergh, who acted well throughout, and made the moat of the humorous portions. The other characters were fairly sustained, and Mesdames Stanley and Holmes, the juvenile actress Miss Coli, and Messrs Verner, Edwards and Parker deserve credit for the manner in which they played their different parts, materially contributing to the success of the piece. One little contretemps occurred during the evening, which was provocative of consider able amuiemenr. Mr Mansergh as Timothy Muhme, after a desperate struggle with one of the villains of the piece, Mr St Clair, was in the act ot throwing him over the side of a hridire, when the frail structure gave way precipitating both actors on to the stage, the curtain being; at once lowered to hide their discomfiture. The picce otherwise went with considerable smoothness for a first night. The farce of "The Robbers" concluded the entertainment. The same drama is to be repeated to-night, when there ought to be a good bouse, as the piece is well worth seein". THK BENEFIT to William Piper, the man la'tely injured in the mine of the Souih Belle Vue Reef Company, given by the Philanthropic Dramatic Society, takes place on the 21st Feb. 1)KATH IN TUB HOSPITAL.-A man named John Plumber, who was admitted into the Hospital on the 10th ins'., died there yesterday from rheumatic (ever. MKKTINOS'THIS DAY.-Great Britain Company, Mr Heyde's office, five o'clock; Bast Windmill Hill Company, Mr Fletcher's office, seven o'clock; Eclipse Company, Five Lions Hotel, eighto'clock. 