"CHIPS BY A SANDALWOOD CUT TER. CHRIS'MAS PLUMS. I'm beginin' to feel the.nuisance it is to be a pr:p'larpublic man. All great men gets pestered to death by persons a-want in' to see 'em, or to slhake hands with em--once a person becomes a fav'rite with the people, his time ain't his own, and he can't be sure of being let alone to do anythin'. I've spent plenty a Chris'masses in this little Colony, and never seen a soul for a whole week before and after the day on which everybody's supposed to have roast beef and plum puddin', but on which I've often had salt mutton and damper, and felt as I was lucky to get that, know in', as there was thousands a-knockin' about in the world as'd be as happy as angels if they could only get it. Chris'mas day ain't much in the way of feastin' out in the bush in a V hut, and nothin' but the cockatooes and your dog to wish you the compliments of the sea son. But its very pleasant to lie down under the shadder of a big gum tree and draw pictures in your mind of Chris' mus somewhere else; say in the old coun try, where you've a mother, or a father, or a sister, or a brother, or p'r'aps a child. You sees the bright red berries, and the dark green leaves of the holly tree shinnin' everywhere in the lanes, contrasin' with the beautiful pure white snow; you sees a little bit put up behind the lookin' glass on the parlor mantlepiece, and a lot of rosy-faced children a-clappin' their hands at it, and wantin' to get it; and you hears a soft lovin' voice tellin' em to "be good, and they shall have some." The picture's very dim, for its a long way off, and your eyes is misty as you look at it, for them little ones was your brothers and sisters, and hat voice wasyour mother's. You sees the holly hangin' up in the old green church, so holy and quiet, and you hears the Chris'mas Anthem, and the prayers, and you remembers the motta done in evergreens over the altar-" Peace on earth and good will to men," and your eyes gets dim agin, and you wishes that you had been laid to rest years ago in that old churchyard, where you can see the white flakes of snow fallin' thick, but so softly, as tho' they would not wish to dis turb the peaceful dead. And you sees the snug parlor in the evenin', and the cozy fire and the merry faces, and the blazin' snap dragon, and you hear the howlin' of the wind, mixed with children's larfter and listen! there is the echo of a blisful kiss given beneath the sacred mistletoe. Yes I've spent many a Chris'mas day a drawin' them pictures and let me tell you I don't think it a waste of time. I've been happier after it, and felt more dis posed to do my duty, after I've been lookin' at them scenes and recollectin' early intentions never persevered in, and good resolves broken nearly as soon as made. But where am I a gettin' to ? I declare if I ain't a gettin' reg'lar sentimental What I was a goin' to say was this, that other Chris'masses I've had plenty of time, but this one I ain't. I've had in vitations everywhere and I could'nt re fuse 'em all. .I ain't. had time to write a reg'lar paper, but I've put down a few things as has come under my eye, and I hope you'll find 'em as nice as the things as I've named 'em after. Ladie's Tastes! During this last week I've been takin' notice ofladies' a good deal, studyin' 'em a bit, and take 'em how you will they're puzzles. You can't make 'em out. They'll tell you they likes a thing they hates, and say they hates somethin' they're very fond of. I was at a small party the other evenin' and there was a lady there I was flatterin' myself was rather sweet on me-and she went and sat by the side of a feller as she'd told me she hated, and nevw'r s·poke to me the whole evenin'. I've put it down as a rule to work on, that a woman likes a fool much betterthan she does a sensible man, because I've no ticed. that the bigger the fool the more admirers he has. Of course. the opposite of this is, that a man who is a favorite with women is a great fool, and. I think as .a rule you'll find it true-I know one or two friends of mine who ain't as much brains as 'd serve 'em to earn their bread at sweep in' a crossin', as are never seen scar cely without four or six ladies hangin' about 'em, and who takes their hate off and stops to talk at evoery balcony and second leoor iu the to ~n. And its. the same in dress; say you don't like a crino line, and your wif-'ll get one nearly as big as the domo of St. Paul's, and ask you when she comes down stairs if you don't admire it? If you tell her it is charmin' next day she comes to go for a walk- lookin' like a broomstick with a towel: pinn'd round it. I'm always a terisin' a very nioii young lady as I knows, a?ndaes sings and plays nice, about a big coconut thing as she's always hangin' at the back of her head, and I do believe it gets bigger and biggor every day-sho'll be obliged to have a kind of crutch soon to prop it up. I saw a young woman once, wearin' a short dress, and told her it become her - she's never put it on since. Another one as wore short dresses and I told her I thought long ones looked more graceful, blest if shEe didn't make 'em two iltches shorter, tho' she's feet like two flat ioes. It's thesame in names. "What shall I call baby ?" says a mother to me, "Oh," says I, "there's nothin' like a simple name-James or Johi." " What did you chris'en the baby ?" I asks when I sees her again, "Claudius, Rupert, Abererumbie, Alexandra, Sextus," says she. "The only way to manage women is to let'em do just as they like, and give 'em as little money as possible," says an old man to me, "and I ought to know for I've had three wives, and they never gave me less trouble than when I told them to please themselves." There ain't no ac countin' for tastes-tho' it does seem strange that a pretty gal should fret after a fellow, ugly enuf to frighten a ghost, or that a sensible young woman should wish to marry.a chap that ain't no more brainis than a three weeks old calf. Why don't people learn to dance, or not dance at all.? I was .at a party the other evenin' and nearly got my toes trod off by one of the 'awkward' family besides bei~ng disgusted with the confu sion,and disorder. Ain't it possible for a min to dance with a lady without puttin' his hand on her borom and his nose in her eye, like a bear huggin' atree-.and ain'tit possible as they could swing round a"ittlei more tiqi~t, so that people as are sittin' in theo room mightn't have their faces wiped every mininit by the skirt of the ladies' dresses. I like dancin', but huggin' a woman and flingin' her about the room like a bag of hay, ain't to my mind graceful, and if dancin' don't alter, if I ever marries, why my wife don't dance that's all. Dinner Parties are very stupid things; went to a grand one at Gover'ment House on Boxin' night-dullest thing I was ever at-25 men most of 'em old, you can guess what it was like. Sat winkin' at Orawley nearly all the time. Told the Gov'nor a bit of my mind about the Colo ny and the settlers. Told him he'd find it about as nasty a place as any in the world to govern, and that he might make up his mind to get well abused, and that very soon, A lot of speeches made about nothin'. Asked two or three what the dinner was given for- nobody seemed to know. Some thought they was all goin' to be taken by the G(ov'r.or to the Me chanics' Hall to Mrs. Lyons' benefit, but they were disappointed. Spoke to Fred about the new Engineer, Fred said lhe was very clever and thought he had Some idea in his head of bringin' the sea right up to Perth, so as to make it the Port as well as the Capital. "How's that to be done ?" says I, " Well," says Fred, "I asked the same, and the Surveyor Gene ral said, he s'posed by means of an earth quake," very likely. Left the dinner disiusted. Went to the Theatre on Tuesday night thought the actin' was good, -but wondered why there was a piany. and table and a big lookin' glass put up as part of a forest--s'pose it was b.urlesk Imogene wasvery nice only from pictures rve seen, her dress didn't seem to suit the men's-very burlesk-I thought. Liked the singin , that is Imogene's, wish she'd sungall the songs- dare say the men could sing better only they wasburleskin' I s'pose. Liked Nan very much-'specialy where she smashed the cabbage at a young swell'shead. Thought Tom was very anxious to let people know he was goin' to speak quiet. He was always sayin' it. He kicked the c-bbage splendid, so natu ral-wondered where he got his hat, never saw anyone wear a hat like it. A very well dressed man took the money at the door; touched my hat to him, always *do to people in good clothes. Went to the Bullock roastin'-plenty of people, plenty of drink, and plenty of noise. Dare say it pays the publican, but it can't improve the morals of the peopleo. However, that's the parson's look-out, not the publican's, and as the parsons don't take much heed df the morals of the poor, why it ain't likely the publicans will. Went to the Cannin'· Races along with some people from the other side in a four in-hand--very jolly. "This is the way we do it in Melbourne," says they, " Yes its very nice," I says, " when you've the money, but we ain't, we're a ignorant lot here, and its only since you've come round, and taken us in hand, and taught us our paces that we've learnt to do any thin' in style. Its a pity there ain't a railway from here to Sydney, we'd learn a few things then." They seemed awfully pleased at what I said, and did, the handsome beautifully when we got to the races. I saw Fred and the Gov' nor ; didn't expect him as he'd excused hisselffrom goin' to some ot!ler amuse meit. Fred said he'd only driven out for his health. " Why didn't Tony come," says I.. "He's busy a makin' up his accounts," satys Fred, and makin dssigns for winder curtains for his new house." Had a long ride home very tired, and next day wrote this. 