Cnrresptitett. THE POPERY OF RITUALISM; or, kohanism in the church of england. By John Search. No,'XVni. After the evidence produced in eur last, of the garbled quotations, mistate- xaents, misrepresentations, endless contra dictions, and utter recklessness of our friend " 6." it would be worse than idle, —1n fact, would betray an entire : want of &11 self-respect, to continue to argue with a person who feels himself at liberty to misquote History, Homilise, and Articles, and to father upon his opponent words and sentiments repudiated by us. We 6hall not therefore follow him through all his " windy'' digressions, assumptions, contradictions, false quotations, false history, &c.;, nor shall we ; point out the very extraordinary way in which he slips over every really important point in the controversy. We have done enough already to show that " S." has destroyed his own credit as the champion of a church whoseclaims are surpassed by none, those of Rome excepted, and therefore to attempt further answer, would be like " slaying the slain,"— a task for whioh we have neither time nor inclination. In stead of following " S." we shall close these papers, with a brief outline of the origin and progress of this controversy. When we began our work it was with the best feelings toward the Church of England, and with an anxious desire to conserve the best interests of that time- honoured, and really venerable estab lishment. We were baptised and con firmed within her pale, were first a scholar and then a teacher within her schools ; knew from .history and from ob servation ; that she hadmany short comings, and many grievous sins upon her head ; hut knew at the same time that she possessed powerful resources, which if properly employed, would enable her to bless the world as no other institution had blessed it since Apostolic times. Such, we say, were <uir feelings towards the Church of England when we began our first paper, and such are still our feelings now that we have reached the last. We, therefore, once for all, deny and disclaim all intention to injure that church, and we tell those who have so loudly and so frequently charged us with hostile intentions, that they "bear false witness against their neighbour " Having for some years been a reader of Ecclesiastical History in general, and of the History of the Church of England in particular, we have found that there has been in the Church from the time of the Reformation down to the present, periodical outbursts of doctrine and cere mony which have borne a closer affinity to Rome than to Evangelical Protestant ism. These developments have been known in one age as the "Vestment Controversy ;" in another as " High Church Principles ;" in a third as " the Tractarian Movement ;" and last though not least as "Ritualism." These, although differing in details, have been as essentially one, as the altered cir cumstances- of the times would admit. To such an extent has this been so, that we are driven to the conclusion that they must have had one common origin. "Apostolic Succession," the " Authority of the Church." — " Priestly Assumption." — " Baptismal Regeneration." — " Confir mation grace," — " The Real Presence in the Eucharist," — " Absolution," — The use of various imposing " Vestments and Ceremonies," — In a word, all the pomp and displayof that Sacerdotal Ceremonial ism brought to such perfection in the Romish worship ; — these have been com mon alike to Ritualist, Tractarian, and High Churchman. These doctrines and ceremonies may be traced from the time of the Reformation down through the writings of the most learned and eminent Bishops, Doctors, Professors, and Minis ters of the Church of England to the pre sent day. It is a fact which some may be slow.to. believe, butit is true, notwithstand ing, that the late Henry of Exeter wni quite as Evangelical on the above-named subjects, as Bishop Jeremy Taylor,— and that Dr. Pusey and Dr. Wilberforce came as near to the simplicity of the Gospel as Bishop Andrewes or Bishop Beveridge. Nor is it a mere opinion that the tenden cies of this school are towards Rome. Doubt is now impossible, the .thing has become a ' matter of history, — thousands have therein been pre pared fqr, and have eventually rushed into the bosom of that Mother of Harlots. Having this undisputed fact before our eyes, we set ourselves to ascertain how it was, that the Church of England, so long and so loudly lauded as the very " Bul wark of Protestantism," should enjoy such a very unenviably distinction ? How it was that while Presbyterian ism, Con gregationalism, and even Methodism, with all their lack of Apostolicity, Authority, and ceremony, should at leaBt have pre served their, people from the Romish de stroyer ; while the English . Church, itself, has for years been prepar ing multitudes of her people, for this very destruction. We knew that there must be a cause for all this apostacy. "We were sure that " a good tree could not bring forth evil fruit." That there must be decay and degeneraoy some where,— that all this bitter RomiBh fruit, eould not possibly grow upon a sound, healthy, Protestant tree. The question was, where could the source of all this mischief he found ? . We knew that Lord Chatham had said that the Curch of England had "a Popish litergy, Calvinistic articles, and an American clergy." Was the evil in the Liturgy, and Standards of the Church? We resolved to inquire, and if it was to see it with our own eyes, not to be afraid, but to look at it on various sides, in various lights; and if so, we determined also, to discover if we could, how it eame there, and why it had been allowed to re main till now. We knew that the Episco pal Church of America, and the Episco pal Church of Scotland, used and held what might he regarded as substantially the Liturgy and Standards of the Church of England. That some Congregational and Methodist Churches use this Liturgy, but with alterations, so many, and not a few of these so essential, that we saw that no aid could bo expected from the last- named ; we resolved therefore to confine ourselves to the American and Scotch branches of the Episcopal Church, and to trace the effect of this Liturgy and these standards in their history. We were not a little astonished at the result. We found these churches literally eaten up with the same high doctrines, and with the same Sacerdotal Ceremonialism, which had already so nearly eaten up the vitality of the English Church, and we found as a consequence that accessions to Rome were anything but scarce ! ! ! Here then we encountered a fact, — a fact most sugges tive, — viz , that in the only two Churches in which the Liturgy and Standards of the Church of England are held, and used in their entirety, precisely the same results are found as we had met with in the English Church itself. We regarded this as an indication that we were on the right track. Our next step was to consider the Liturgy and Standards themselves; the. times and circumstances which called them into existence, together with the nature and - character of the changes through which they had passed. We found that they bad their origin in a compromise ; that in those times dissent was more dreaded than error, and uni formity more desired than truth ; that in order to bring the nation into uniformity of worship — in order to unite in one church organization, Papist, Puritan, and High Churchman, something was required to be given up on all hands, — some truth abandoned, and some doctrine of doubtful tendency, or some ceremony which had no counterpart in Apostolic times had to bo retained. The Liturgy and stan dards of the Church of England were called into b.eing in order to bring about this dream of uniformity. Besides, many who held offices of high trust in Church and State, had been forced into a reformation sadly against their wills; they had strong hankerings after the " old way " and strove eo the uttermost to retain the "old" where such a thing was possible. Even Henry VIII., Elizabeth, James I., and Charles II., were not only strongly opposed to changes in religion, but had strong tendencies to Popery. Knowing this, therefore, we were prepared to find in the Book of Common Prayer traces of this compromise, — passages of doubtful, and passages of Evangelical tendency,— Ceremonies and Superstitions by the side of simple and beautiful things. With these views and feelings we entered upon the study of the Liturgy and Standards of the Church of England; believing that in these documents words were used in their grammatical and natural sense, and that it was the intention of the compilers that they should he so understood. We were confirmed in this opinion by the fact that these hooks were composed not exclusively for the use of the learned, and the initiated, but for the common people ; hence, were published, in the vulgar tongue. The conclusion to which we were brought was therefore this — that, unless the language iu which the Liturgy and Standards of the Church of England are couched is used in its common and natural sense, the sense which the majority of unsophisticated, plain people would attach to it, the whole thing must be a delusion and a snare, and must be such by the intention of its compilers. We knew that many good men, who were anxious to avoid certain conclusions, to which the plain and natural meaning of the words used in the Rubrics, Ac., inevi tably leads, had, by giving far-fetched and unnatural meanings to the words, done much towards casting discredit upon both the compilers and their work ; but we felt that such a system of interpretation was altogether inadmissable. We there fore set about ascertaining the true and natural sense of the Articles, Offices, &c.; : — We fonnd that Baptismal Regeneration is taught as piain as language can teach it, in the " Office for Baptism," — " Cate chism," — " Confirmation," — -Burial of the Dead ;" and in the27tbi Article, and that these studied tor ether, Can lead to no other conclusion. We found, moreover, thatnota few of the men who selected, altered, and enlarged some of these forms, the Cate chism for example, were believers in, and teachers of this doctrine. i We found that Confirmation grace is also taught in the Book of Common Prayer, that without this the ceremony is unmeaning, and ome of the most sol emn appeals to God untruthful. Next We found that according to the Cate chism, &c.;, " The Body and Blood .of Christ are verily and indeed taken and received by the faithful in the Lord's Supper." But, " if the Body and Blood are verily and indeed taken and received," it must be after a carnal, itcannot be after a spiritual fashion; because "Body and Blood," cannot be " verily and indeed taken and received," spiritually ;— and that if the compilers of this part of theCatechism (The Hampton Court Conference, 1603) did not intend to teach Transubstantiation, they evi dently intended to teach something so like it, as not to alarm the prejudices of those Papists they were soanxiouB to gain over to the Church of England. Next We also found, in the Visitation of this Sick, confession permitted ; and in this, and in the Ordination of Priests, that the said Priest is invested with the Holy Ghost, and with the solemn and awful power of forgiving sin. Next : — We found that in the Burial of the Dead, the body of the departed drunkard, adulterer, and even murderer, .dying with out having given any evidence of repen tance, or reformation, (provided they had been baptised in their infancy,) is com mitted to the tomb in sure and certain hope of a resurrection to eter nal life," and Almighty God is most solemnly thanked " for having taken the soul " of this dear Brother " to himself ;" while the innocent babe, of whom Jesus said, "for of such is the kingdom of of heaven," for no fault of its own, but be cause it died unbaptised, and was deprived the mysterious manipulation of some may be debauched priest, is consigned with the self-murderer to an ignominious grave. Next: — We discovered in the calendar, that, in imitation of the Romish Church, multi tudes of days are set apart to the honor of certain Saints and Martyrs, some of whom are of very doubtful memory; while others (for instance, Charles II.), have, failed to establish their claim to the vene ration, or even common respect, of their countrymen. Next : — We discovered that the Bible, and the Bible alone, isnotthe religiouof the Church, of England, — because in consequence of the principle'on whioh the "Daily, " and the "Proper Lessons" are selected, a very large portion of the Book must remain unread, by> and unknown to those whose' knowledge of Holy Scripture is derived? from the Church alone ; that while no one is allowed to undertake the office of the Christian ministry, until he has swobn that he assents, and consents to all and everything contained in the Book of Common Prayer," — the fable of Bel and. the Dragon included, men may go . about to undermind the authority and. authenticity of the Bible, like Colenso, or like Dr. . Temple and the authors of the Essays and Beviews, and remain bishops and professors and authorised teachers in the English Church : — that while the Prayer-book is essential to this church, the Bible is not so in the same sense. We found that in imitation of . the Romish Church, the Church of Eng- , land has raised certain portions of the spurious and lying Apocrypha to the level of theinspired word of God, and haa called the men who forged them " Holy Fathers,"— "Holy Prophets &c.;,andhaa placed portions of those books by the side of portions of the Word of God, and, with out any distinction, spoken of both alike, as— "Holy Scripture." Next: — 1We--also--foundthafe.-.certaiavest-; „ jinents,. and .ceremonies, &c.;— such as the .Holy Table or Altar, Surplice, Hood,. Rochetto, Alb, Copo, , Pa-itoral Staff, ! and' Tupicle,— -Crosses in llaptism, Kneel- ; ing. at the Sacrament, Consecration of , Bishops, and Buildings, — together with 'the .entire ecclesiastical organization or Church, system, — with the reigning sovereign as head, Archbishops, Bishops Archdeacons, &c.;, &c.;, <fcc., as spiritual : governors, — have come down through Borne, and have been retained in imita- tiontaf the Papal system. We found all these, and other things clearly and plainly brought out in 'the Liturgy and Standards of the English Church. We next applied our selves to the most eminent writers and -preachers of that church, in order to ascertain the sense in which they under stood their Liturgy and standards; and we found that the vast majority of them, for hundreds' of years, had declared and taught, Baptismal Regeneration, — Con firmation Grace, — the Real Presence in the Eucharist, — Priestly Absolution, &c.;, &c.;, as the doctrines of the Church of England. We found men, who, like the late Archbishop Sumner, had beeri generally reputed Evangelical, the bold and unflinching advocates of one or more of these doctrines. Indeed we found that so wide-spread, aud so uni versal was the belief in sacramental and ceremonial grace, that we conld hardly -find a churchman of any eminence as a writer, altogether free from its influence. Having discovered all this, we concluded that we had found the root which in one. age had produced high Churcli princi ples, in another Tractarianism, and which is now producing such a plentiful crop of . .Ritualism. We found that each party had in its turn appealed to, and pleaded the sanction of, the very things in the Litany and Standards of the Churoh we have indicated. We found, for instance, that the Tracts for the Times, — Dr. Pusey's famous sermon on The Holy Eu charist &c.;, derived their importance from, and' were rendered unanswerable, by the fact that they contained so many perti nent quotations from the Standards, and other acknowledged Authorities of the Church. Let any one who doubts this, read Trad 81, Vol. IV. and he must, we think, confess, that to all conscientious Churchmen there is no room left for re ply. We found that thousands of learned and godly men, like Jewel, and Fox, and Coverdale, and Reynolds, and Baxter, and Howe,_ &c.;, bad borne, their testimony against, and earnestly demanded the re formation of these doctrines and cere monies; but that they had been answered by insult and mockery, so that every new revision of the Liturgy had left it more objectionable than it was before. We found all this, and we found that the Evangelical members of the Church of England have the natural and literal meaning of the Rubrics, &c.;, against them in their struggle with ceremonialism, and that' their' case is utterly hopeless unless they can get those objectionable doctrines and practices expunged. Seeing this, as we have said, with our own eyes, having groped our way into it, and through it, and having spared neither expenses or time, in order to arrive at a correct conclusion, we felt it to be our duty to make the result known, together with our authority for the same. We have done so to the best of our ability. We liaive said to those who differ ' from us, 'if we are wrong point it out to us. If the facts upon which we have relied are insuffi cient, our conclusionsare unwarranted, if we have mistaken and misinterpreted the Liturgy aud Standards, if the Bishops, Doctors, Professors, and Divines of the Church do hot teach the doctrines we have ascribed to them point, it out and w i will withdraw it all ; all' we want is a fair field and free dis cussion. "W j have said all this, and mark the ans .ver we have received. Our opponents first' of all set themselves to close; if possible, the pages bfthe Stan dard' against ;us by applying to the pub lisher, and then to the editor, but failing in this, they next tried to write us down by' a course we have already exposed ;— they have called us" viper they have charged us. with " supporting the most dangerous of Popish dogmas — " associ ating with traitors and with being "the accuser of the brethren, &c.;, but we have lcept steadily on to. the end, and now thatwe have reached it, we lay the entire result before our readers, and we ask them to judge /between "us 7 and our opponents ;|.letthpfq judge according' -to facts, -and we are prepared- for -their verdict. This controversy has taught us that there is very little hope for the Church of England, while those of its members who profess to be Evangelical refuse to see in the Liturgy and Standards of the Church, the souroe of all the mis chief she has had to endure in all ages. In the presence of so much history, and of so much evidence, it must either be wilful or judicial blindness which fails to see. This controversy has also taught us, that tliei spirit of Shelden and Laud, which sent men out of the country, and out of the world, because of their non conformity,— the spirit of the Star Chamber, and of the Act of uniformity, — is not dead, but only slumbers, that it is the times rather than this spirit which has changed. One word more with the reader before we part. We have written for truth, not for victory," believing, we have spoken." If the interests of truth have been conserved, or in any way furthered, we are satisfied. We are not aware that we have written a word iu this con troversy, which, dying, we should wish to blot ; which, to us, is no small cause of satisfaction. May the G-od of all truth guide the writer and reader into truth ! 