ATHOLBANE. A ROMANCE OF KENMORE CASTLE. BY S. COBB, ESQ. CHAPTER I. THE KNIGHT OF LANARK. JUNE 20, A.D. 1098. Towards the close of the day a man stood upon the shore of Loch Tay, one of the most beautiful and picturesque sheets of water in Scotland, gazing at times over the towering summit of Ben Lawers, where the clouds were rolling up in great black masses, and anon upon a small boat that was struggling with the rising wind near the middle of the lake. The man was young—not more than five-and-twenty-of medium height, and finely proportioned ; possessing a face of rare beauty ; a rich profusion of light brown curls escaping from beneath the rim of his cap ; while his eyes, though of the softest and warmest shade of blue, betrayed a capacity of quick fire and earnest determination, as well as of deep feeling and sympathetic emotion. He was dressed in the ordinary garb of a gentle- man of that period, though the short cloak of fine black cloth, secured at the throat by a jewelled brooch, and the blue velvet cap, with its white ostrich feather, were not exactly after the pattern of those usually worn by the gentry of the Scottish court. The pommel of the sword which hung at his side—a globe of burnished steel surmounted by a cross of gold —and the peculiar fashion of the spurs which graced the heels of his russet boots, told very plainly that he had been admitted to the order of knighthood which William the Conqueror had instituted in England, and which Malcolm Canmore had received and introduced into Scotland. Close by his side, with the loose rein drawn over his arm, stood a richly capari- soned Norman charger, while at no great dis- tance was a second horse, bearing a broad pack-saddle, upon which was strapped a large leathern sack that evidently contained the knight's luggage ; and that our knight had travelled a goodly distance on that day might be safely judged from the dust upon his gar- ments, and from the sweat that lay in white ridges and flakes upon the sides and limbs of his beasts. The scenery from this point was grand and imposing, and the traveller had probably at first dismounted to enjoy the view while his horses had been slaking their thirst. Just over the water, upon the opposite shore of the lake, arose, from wild and ragged masses, the dizzy height of Ben Lawers ; to the southward, be- yond the grim forest of Finglen, other moun- tains reared their summits ; to the northward, and not far distant, upon a beautiful islet, arose the ivy-clad walls of the Priory of St. Agatha ; while to the eastward of that, lifting its grey towers above the intervening wood, were to be seen the battlements of Kenmore Castle. The day had been remarkably pleasant ; but as the afternoon wore away a high wind arose, and dark clouds gathered over the mountains ; and the knight, after his horses had drank their fill, had been upon the point of remounting, evidently desirous to escape the threatened storm, when his attention had been arrested by the boat before referred to. It was a small, light skiff, with a single sail, and contained only one inmate. The prow was pointed towards the shore upon which our traveller stood, and was plunging through the water at a rapid rate. "The man is crazy!" muttered the knight, throwing the rein from his arm and taking a step nearer to the water's edge. "He should take in that sail. Mercy! his boat will be run completely under! He must be a boy to keep that sheet fast! And the wind is rising, too! Don't he see it! Ha!—" This last exclamation had been called forth by observing that the inmate of the boat had left the helm and gone to bailing water with his cap. The light bark was sinking lower and lower, and very soon the gunwales were com- pletely under water. The short mast swayed to and fro as the prow was driven under ; the boatman started to his feet and raised his arms aloft; and in a few moments more the skiff was completely swallowed up. There was not a moment to be lost. The boat, even should it float upon its side, could afford no safe resting place for the unfortunate adventurer, as it would be swept by the furious waves ; and if he was not a strong man he could not swim to the shore. The knight moved very quickly, but yet calmly and methodically. First he threw the saddle from his charger, and then removed the burden from his pack ; having done which he vaulted to the back of the former, and with the rein of the latter in his hand, he urged them into the water. For a moment the beasts hesi- tated ; but the cheering voice of their master finally prevailed, and when they had once started to obey there was no more hesitation. It was hard work, for the horses were swimming against the wind, and the waves broke over them at every stroke ; but the knight held them in the right direction, and inspired them with something of his own zeal. The boatman had seen the horses as they entered the water, and when he found that they were coming towards him he struck out to meet them. The knight observed the movement, and with all his energy of force and persuasion he urged his beasts on- ward. They struggled nobly against the furious wind and waves—struggled as though they knew there was a life to be saved—and ere long they were close upon the unfortunate. "Hillo! Hillo-o-o-o! Take this horse. Can you grasp the rein?" The adventurer made no reply, but he struggled on, and soon had the rein in his hand. He clung there a moment to regain his breath, and then climbed upon the animal's back. "Are you strong enough to hold your seat?" "Yes, good sir." The voice was very weak, and the reins had dropped from his nerveless grasp. "Fear not," added the knight. "Keep your balance, and the horse will bear you safely." Once headed towards the shore, with the wind and the waves behind them, the horses sped steadily and surely on, until at length they stood upon the dry land. The knight slipped quickly from his seat, and assisted his companion to dismount, having done which he allowed the tired animals to move up to the greensward, where they might rest, and then he turned to take a look at the individual whom he had saved. He was a youth, not more than twenty years of age, slight and fragile of frame, with pale, thin cheeks, large, dark brown eyes, and the long, wavy hair, now that it was wet, having the hue of a raven's back. The face, entirely free from any sign of board, was one of pecu- liar boyish beauty, the hands were as small and delicate as a girl's, and the dripping garments, both in fabric and fashion, bespoke the child of wealth and station. "Well, well," said the knight, lightly and cheerily, "you have had quite an adventure. I doubt if many men have enjoyed what you have enjoyed this day—a boat-ride and a horse- back ride, at the same bout, upon Loch Tay." The youth tried to smile, but the effort was fruitless. "Not much enjoyment," he returned, with a sober shake of the head. "The boat-ride came near costing me my life, and if the horseback ride yields pleasure, it must be in the bound- less gratitude I shall ever owe to thee, my pre- server." "I think my good pack-horse did afford thee a saving help, young sir, and for what part I bore in the business I accept thy thanks, but talk not of too much gratitude. I should be but a poor knight if I could not save a suffer- ing fellow's life, when all the cost to me was but a little determined exertion." "Ah, you are a knight, then?" And as the youth spoke, a slight flush appeared upon his pale cheek, and he gazed upon the stalwart, vigorous form before him with a longing, envy- ing look. "By the grace of our good king Edgar, I am," replied the traveller. "But before we talk more, you had better find a seat, for it strikes me that you are not feeling very strong just at this time. We will wait here for a few moments—just long enough to allow my horses to breathe—and then we will be moving." The youth took a seat a little higher up on the bank, when the knight proceeded : "You are not much used to handling a boat alone?" "You are mistaken, sir knight. For several years that has been my chief delight. I am not strong enough to join in the chase, nor can I do much with heavy arms, but I can handle the light oars with skill, and I can guide my boat well enough. Perhaps you think I was careless to carry my sail with so much wind, but when I tell you that my boat was leaking badly, and that the leak was where I could not »top it, you may understand why I left my sail up." "Ah," said the knight. "I see it now. I did think it strange that you should carry such sail, but if your boat was leaking, perhaps you did wisely. A leaky boat is not a very safe thing." "That boat was almost a new one, sir, and how it could hove sprung a leak where it did is beyond my comprehension. I do not like to believe that any one could have wilfully injured my boat, and yet I am forced to that conclusion. I may be wrong. I hope I am." "Mercy!" cried the knight, "you do not think it could hove been the work of an enemy?" "No, no—I certainly have no enemies." But the tone and manner expressed the hope rather than the assurance. "Your home is not far away ?" "No. We can see the turrets of the castle from here." "Then you reside at Kenmore?" "Yes." "You are the son of Atholbane?" "Yes. My name is Edwin." "Then, fair sir, we are well met, for my desti- nation is Kenmore Castle. My name is Aldred." "And art thou he whom men call the Knight of Lanark?" The knight signified by an inclination of the head that he was. "I have heard of you," exclaimed Edwin, with enthusiasm. "You rode the tilt at Scone against Northumberland." Another inclination of the head gave answer to this. "And you have come to attend the tourna- ment that is to be holden at Kenmore?" Another silent affirmative. "O, I am glad of that. I wish you—" "What do you wish?" asked Aldred, after waiting some moments to see if the youth would finish the sentence. Presently Edwin looked up, and after a little further thought he answered : "I was thinking that it would be grand if you could bear a lance against Thorwald ; but per- haps I ought not to say so." "Thorwald is your brother?" "No, no," cried the boy, his pale face flush- ing once more. "He is not wholly my brother. His mother was my mother ; but the blood of my father runs not in his veins. I am the only son of the Earl of Kenmore. But—if you are the Knight of Lanark, you know Earl Douglas." "I was reared within the walls of his castle, and I think I know him very well." There was no touch of pride in the knight's tone as he spoke these words ; but there was a perceptible tinge of bitterness ; and presently he sought to turn the conversation by asking his companion if he did not think they had better start on their way to the castle. But Edwin took no notice of this divergence. "My mother, you know, is the Lady Mar- garet," he said ; "and she is sister to Earl Douglas. Thorwald was son of her first hus- band, Eric of St. Philips, a Norman noble of the household of William the Conqueror. Though Thorwald's mother is my mother, yet he is neither Scot nor Saxon. He is tall, and dark, and proud, like the Normans, and he loves to boost. None of the knights of Edgar's household have yet been able to keep their saddles against him. O, if you could only ride him down!" And Edwin clapped his hands like an eager, excited boy. "We will see about that in due time," re- turned Aldred, with a smile. And then he added, somewhat seriously : "But suppose your half-brother should ride me down?" The boy did not for a moment admit the ne- cessity of any such supposition. "I don't know why it is," he said, looking boldly and frankly up into the knight's face ; "but I like you." "You jump at conclusions quickly," laughed Aldred. "Because I read them in your face, Sir Aldred. I never yet knew a face that lied to me. I have seen faces that I could not read ; but I do not believe I ever read one falsely. I should not fear to trust you as a brother. You are brave and true. I never saw you before ; but I know you well enough to know just how you will be received at the cattle. My half brother will not like you." "Why think ye that?" "Because braggarts never like those who are better than themselves. My mother will not be apt to love you, because you are--" "Never mind your mother," interrupted Aldred, "How do you think your father will receive me?" "He will love you," answered Edwin, quickly and warmly. "He is a good man. But per- haps you know him?" " I saw him at Lanark some years ago ; but he would not remember me. I was only a page then, in attendance upon Earl Douglas. But come. My horses have regained their breath, and we had better be on our way, for the storm is close at hand. If your father gives me wel- come, I care little for Thorwald." Thus speaking the knight arose, and having saddled his Norman horse, he proceeded to replace the heavy pack upon the back of the other. "I would leave this back behind, and come for it in the morning," he said, after he had strapped it in its place ; "but it contains my armor, and my heavy sword, and I care not to have it lay in the rain all night. However, the horse is strong, and you are not heavy ; so, if you will allow me to help you up, we will be off." The knight lifted the youth to the elevated seat as he would have lifted a little child, so light and frail was the burden ; and when he had assured himself that his charge would ride safely, he mounted his own beast, and started on. "There is my father!" cried Edwin, as they emerged from a wood and came in full sight of the castle. "He is coming in search of me." Aldred recognised the earl the moment he saw him—a man of powerful frame and stately mein, a little past the middle age, with a face noble and frank, and sitting in his saddle with the ease and grace of an accomplished knight. Atholbane drew up his horse as he recognised his son, but before he could speak Edwin had slipped down from his high perch and ran to his father's side. "My dear boy," said the earl, placing his hand affectionately upon his son's head ; "I am glad to see you safe. I had become a little un- easy." "I am safe and sound," cried the youth, cheerily ; "but before I tell you what an ad- venture I have had, I must make you acquainted with Sir Aldred of Lanark. He was on his way to our castle when he met me, and you must welcome him and love him for my sake." The earl turned to our hero and extended his hand. "Sir Aldred," he said, " you are welcome to Kenmore ; and as I know you to be a brave knight, I doubt not that we shall find it a pleasure as well as a duty to make your stay with us agreeable to yourself." He spoke with honest feeling, and the generous flush upon his face showed that the words came from the heart. Aldred made response gratefully and modestly, and Edwin, who had been watching their coun- tenances very narrowly, seemed well pleased with the result, for he had read in the face of his father the love he had desired, and in the face of the youthful knight he had seen plainly the signs of reverence and respect. But that was not the time nor the place for extended conversation. The storm was already upon the mountains, and Atholbane proposed that they should make the best of their way to the castle ; and having lifted his son to his own saddle-bow, he started homeward. On the way Edwin told the story of his adventure—of his great danger—and of the manner in which Aldred had saved him ; so that before they reached their destination, the father's heart had warmed towards his guest with a love that was not to be weakened. Kenmore Castle was an elaborate structure for the times. It was upon a gentle eminence near to the lake, with a moat and bridge ; a barbican, well advanced and strongly fortified ; a gate-house ; thick, high walls, with proper bastions ; a capacious court, with outer and inner balliume, in the latter of which was a strong donjon, with a well and a chapel. The drawbridge was down and the gates open as the party advanced, and they did not pull up until they had reached the landing-steps of the inner ballium, where grooms were quickly at hand to care for the horses. And they had not reached the castle a moment too soon, for just as they stepped within the vestibule the wind came with a wild rush, end great drops of rain beat down upon the pavement. In one of the drawing-rooms a bright fire was burning upon the broad hearth, and thither the earl conducted his guest, where they were soon joined by the countess. Lady Margaret, Countess of Kenmore, was a tall, stately woman, some four or five years older than her husband, her hair thickly sprinkled with silver, and her angular features betraying the workings of a disposition not al- ways of the most pleasant kind ; but she could be polite and agreeable when she chose, and on the present occasion, she welcomed the Knight of Lanark with much apparent warmth. She had known him when a boy, and she told him she was glad he had come to Kenmore. "How is the earl, my brother?" she asked, after they had taken seats. "I left him well," replied Aldred—" he and all his household." "And the Lady Clara," pursued the countess ; "what of her ?" "She is well." There was a change in the knight's tone, and a momentary deepening of the color of his cheeks as he answered this ques- tion, and the countess seemed to notice it, as she was evidently watching his face very nar- rowly. "Oh, I forgot?" cried Edwin, who had taken a seat by Aldred's side. "You know my cousin Clara, don't you?" For an instant the color deepened again on the knight's cheeks, and there was a perceptible quivering of the delicate muscles that controlled the movements of the eye ; but the emotion was quickly controlled, and with a pleasant smile he answered : "Yes, Edwin, I know her very well. We have lived under the same roof from childhood." "And is she as pretty as they say?" "She is very pretty." "And is she good?" "In my poor judgment," said Aldred, with calm sincerity, "she is goodness personified." Edwin was upon the point of making some further remark upon the same subject, when his mother interrupted him by a commanding look and gesture, upon which he shrank back and held his peace. Shortly afterwards a page entered and an- nounced that supper was ready, and the countess, with stately grace, conducted the guest from the drawing-room. Chapter II. ATHOLBANE'S STORY. AFTER supper, as the Knight of Lanark walked out into the hall in company with the earl and Edwin, a middle-aged man, whose garments were dripping with wet, came in from the vesti- bule. "Ah, Walter, is this you?" demanded Athol- bane, "It is I, my lord," replied the man, bowing as he spoke. "And what brings you across the water in this storm?" "Ah, good faith, my lord, the sight of your son, alive and on his legs, gives answer to my chief inquiry. Some of our nuns saw his dan- ger from the upper windows of the priory, and Lady Helena would have sent me to the rescue had we not seen the gallant horseman give the needed relief. It was a bold and timely-act." The man gazed inquiringly at our hero as he spoke the last words, seeing which, the earl added : "You speak truly, good Walter ; and I have the pleasure of introducing to you Sir Aldred, of Lanark, the man who saved my son." "Sir Knight," the host continued, turning to his guest, "this is Walter, the steward of St. Agatha—a good man and true. His is a peace- ful calling, but you will find his friendship worth possessing and preserving." The steward first bowed his acknowledgment to the earl, and then grasped the extended hand of the knight. "I like a brave man," he said, with blunt frankness, "and I know I shall like you. And the Lady Helena sends you her greeting of thanks, and she will remember both you and Master Edwin in her prayers." "Lady Helena," explained the earl, "is the Prioress of St. Agatha." "I have heard of her," said Aldred, "as a most kind and exemplary woman ; and even to the borders of Scotland the Christian charities of the Sisters of St. Agatha are known. You will return to her my thanks, and give her as- surance that the humble Knight of Lanark, while his reason remains, will not forget the duty he owes to those who suffer." As the old steward turned away Edwin fol- lowed him into the vestibule, where he told over again the story of his rescue. "O, Walter," he cried, with childish enthu- siasm, "I know Lady Helena would love the noble knight ; and I wish he could visit the priory with me. Do you think the good lady would object?" "I don't know," replied Walter, with a shake of the head. "The prioress does not often admit strangers within the walls of St Agatha." "I know she does not admit them into the cloister ; but perhaps she would let us come into your apartment. There are rooms for guests, you know." "Yes—there are rooms for guests ; but since Lady Helena has been prioress very few guests have been there. Still, she may wish to see your friend. "I will ask her." After, Walter had gone Edwin went up into the highest apartment of the donjon, where he stood within one of the bartizans looking out upon the storm until night had fairly shut in. In the meantime the earl and his guest had seated themselves in the drawing- room, where they conversed until a late hour upon such sub- jects as would naturally suggest themselves to two men who were warmly attached to the in- terest of the Scottish crown. Finally Atholbane, with a few words of ex- cuse, arose and left the room ; and after an ab- sence of half an hour or more, he returned with something of a cloud upon his brow. "Sir Aldred," he said, trying to hide his trouble beneath a smile, "I had thought that I would allow you to occupy Thorwald's apart- ments. He has gone to Perth ; but his groom informs me that he may return to-night." "My lord," cried the guest, "I beseech that you will borrow no trouble on my account. Give me a pallet of straw anywhere beyond the reach of the rain, and I shall be content." "But that would hardly content me," added the earl. "I should rest but very little if I thought Kenmore could furnish no better keep- ing for an honored guest. But the fact is, my dear Sir Aldred, most of the bed-chambers of the castle are just at this time in the hands of the workmen. They have never been properly finished since the keep was erected, and in view of the tournament which is soon to come off here, I have concluded to make them comfort- able at on:e. I have just been through them with my steward, and I find them all in a state of unseemly confusion. Still, we have sleeping apartments to spare, such as they are." "Indeed, my lord, you do me injustice if you worry thus on my account. I am used to harder fare than any apartment in your castle could possibly impose. If the spare apartments to which you refer are in the quarters of your re- tainers, it is all the same to me. You must re- member that though our good king has seen fit to adorn me with the cross of the Norman Con- queror, yet I am by birth only the son of a forester." "If I am not mistaken," said the earl, with much earnestness, "good old Walthorf of Lanark, though only a forester, has done much service for Scotland, and Douglas might have found himself ere this without a castle, but for the faith and prowess of this same forester. But, Sir Aldred, though you be not of gentle birth, as our laws go, yet you have claim upon our most exalted consideration. And here, once for all, let me give you assurance that even the royal Edgar himself shall never be more honored as a guest within these walls, than shall be the brave and true knight whom I love." Aldred spoke his thanks in modest, grateful words, and after a short silence Atholbane re- sumed : "The apartments to which I have referred are not in the outer ballium, but in some re- spects they are the finest in the castle. They are in that wing of the keep that overlooks the lake, and were originally furnished for the master's own use." Aldred gazed upon his host with surprise, He saw that a cloud was upon the earl's brow, and that there was trouble in his mind, and presently it occurred to him that he had heard something of unearthly spirits that had ap- peared in Kenmore Castle. "My lord," he said, in a hushed tone, "per- haps I have heard of the things that give you trouble." The earl raised his head, and replied, with solemn earnestness : "You must not think me foolish, Sir Aldred. I am not of those who give credence to every tale of ghost and goblin that old men and wo- men tell, but there is something connected with those apartments of my castle which has given me sore trouble. My father reared this struc- ture, and those rooms were his own, and during the brief period of the existence of my first wife I used them for mine ; but since that time —since—" "My lord, if the subject gives you pain, you need not—" Atholbane raised his hand as a signal for his friend to be silent, and shortly afterwards he resumed : "You are young, and comparatively a stranger beneath my roof, but yet I feel like trusting you as I have trusted no one else for yours. There is something in your face that invites my confi- dence and my love. Perhaps you may be in- duced to spend much time here. You are calm, cool and brave, and it may be that you can help me to solve the mystery that now imparts so much terror to those chambers beneath the Ghost's Tower." "Then the western tower already bears that ghostly name?" "Yes." "My lord," said the knight of Lanark, "you can tell me what you please, and you can trust me as you may deem proper. I seek not your confidence, but if you give it to me, I will not betray it. Touching this matter of ghosts, I cannot say what I believe ; but if such spirits have the power to make themselves visible to mortals, I know not why I should fear them. In fact, I think I should like to try the experi- ment of an interview, for certainly I never heard of ghosts doing bodily harm to innocent people. If there be such spirits, they seem only to have the power to prey upon guilty consciences." "Yet," remarked Atholbane, with a shudder, "the innocent as well as the guilty must suf- fer." "I grant you that," returned Aldred, "but the innocent have no occasion for bodily fear. Nameless, mystic terror is always the most op- pressive, and we are more frightened by those things which we cannot grasp than by such as come within the scope of our ken. But, my lord, I will cheerfully take up my quarters in the Ghost's Tower, and if, upon trial, I find them untenable, I can quit them." The earl grasped the young man's hand, and thanked him, and then he arose and walked several times across the apartment, his head bowed, and his step slow and solemn. At length he stopped and resumed his seat. "Sir Aldred, you shall go to the western tower, as you have proposed ; but first I feel it my duty to tell you what I know ; and when I assure you that you are the first man beyond the limits of my own household whom I have so trusted, you will understand that I rely most confidently upon your silence and circumspec- tion." "And, my lord, allow me in turn to give you my assurance, upon the honor of a true knight, that your confidence is not misplaced." "I believe you, Aldred ; and now listen to me : Many years ago, when Christianity was first introduced into Scotland, there stood an old monastery upon the sight of this castle. It was demolished by the Danes, and in time my father selected the spot, and cleared away the ruins, and erected his dwelling. I ought to in- form you, perhaps, that the Priory of St. Agatha was erected before my father took up his land, and as it was to be a house for the home of females, the island was selected, as it would be more quiet and retired than would be the old spot where the monastery had stood. There are stories afloat that the grim old ruins of the holy house were haunted by ghosts ; and some say, too, that this castle was haunted in my father's time ; but I have no faith in that. At all events, I am very sure that my father believed no such thing. Some of the old ser- vants have sworn that they saw, with their own eyes, ghosts in the western tower during that period ; but as my father inhabited those very apartments, and as he gave me the assurance that there was no such thing, I can only believe that the servants were mistaken. Their imagi- nations were probably wrought upon by the fearful stories they had heard of the wandering spirits of those monks who had been so cruelly butchered by the infidel Danes. "My first wife was the Lady Maud, sister of our present king, and daughter of Malcolm Canmore. She was beautiful as the first fresh rose of summer, and she was as pure and good as she was beautiful." At this point the earl's voice faltered, and for a time he bowed his head upon his hand and was silent ; but finally he resumed : "A few blissful months—months of joy and blessedness such as I shall never know again— I passed with Maud. I was too happy—too happy ; and she was too good and pure for earth. We lived in the apartments of the western tower, and we were not disturbed. No vision, no sound, ever came to mar the bright- ness of those ecstatic hours. If there were ghosts in the deep vaults, or in the chambers of the turrets, they came not to trouble us. At length King Malcolm called upon his warriors to accompany him into Northumberland, whither he was going to punish the proud and defiant earl. I went, and my wife insisted upon bear- ing me company. At first I objected ; but she said her husband and her father were both going, and she would not remain behind ; and when I remembered that my stoutest men-at-arms were going with me, and that the castle would be left almost defenceless, I concluded to grant her prayer. She went with me towards the southern border as far as Dumfries, and there, being much eorn with fatigue, I prevailed upon her to stop and rest while I went forward with Malcolm into Northumberland. I was gone nearly three months, during which time we were almost con- tinually fighting ; and as the king was twice wounded, so much of the duty of command de- volved upon me that I had no opportunity to look after my wife. At Cheviot I was myself wounded, and the trampling of a horse upon my head so stunned me that I was given over as dead for awhile by my own men ; but I re- covered, and was not confined more than a week. "When we returned into Scotland I hastened to Dumfries, where I learned that my wife had gone towards her home. News had been brought to her that I was dead—that I had been killed in battle. I traced her as far as Thorn- hill, where, at a poor wayside inn, they told me she had sickened and died! They showed me her grave in the court of the Monastery of St. Michael, and there I rested I know not how long. The good monks told me how calmly she had died, and how many masses had been said for her soul ; but their words gave me no con- solation. It seemed to me then that I should never be happy again in this life and—and—I think I have not known true happiness since!" The earl paused awhile and then said, with a movement as though he would shake off the deep melancholy that had possessed him : "I fear I tire you with this recital of my pri- vate history." "No, no," quickly responded Aldred. "It interests me more than I can tell. You cannot speak more than I would hear upon that sub- ject." "Time," pursued Atholbane, "though it could not restore me to joy, served nevertheless to heal the wound so that life was endurable ; but I found no comfort at Kenmore. Every- thing here spoke to me too forcibly and too painfully of my lost Maud. I went to England, and spent some months at the court of William Rufus, and on my return I stopped at Lanark and rested with Earl Douglas. His sister Margaret, widow of Eric of St Philips, had found a home with him. She was older than myself—five years,—and her son was a smart, active lad, in his sixth year. She was very kind to me —very kind indeed,—and her brother was anxious that I should take her for wife. I will not tell you how much love had to do with that marriage. At first I did not think I could do such a thing. The vacant place seemed a sacred shrine for the memory of Maud. But my castle would be very drear and lonesome if I came back all alone, and finally I asked Lady Margaret to be my wife. I told her the truth. I told her that I had no fresh, first love to give her ; and I know she had none to give me ; but she could come and be Countess of Kenmore, and be mistress of my house. We were mar- ried at Lanark, and shortly afterwards we came hither, and took possession of the apartments, which I had occupied with Maud. For awhile all went well ; but finally came the alarm. Lady Margaret was the first to be troubled, and when she told me that there were ghosts in the old tower I laughed at her. But, in turn, the rest- less spirits crossed my own path. I heard sighings and moanings in those chambers, and I saw more than one dark-robed presence that could not have been anything human. When Earl Douglas came here we gave those chambers to him. He was brave at first, and declared that if ghosts gave him trouble he would drive them off at the point of his sword. They did come ; but the result was not as he had promised. In place of banishing the ghosts he was him- self driven from the tower. Others have tried it since that time, and the result has in every case been the same." "May I ask," said Aldred, "how long it has been since you first observed these things?" "It has been now almost twenty years," re- plied the earl. "It was shortly before Edwin was born that I determined to leave those apartments ; and I have thought that it was the pressure of terror which Lady Margaret sustained at that time that resulted in the con- stitutional weakness of my boy. You have noticed how weak and frail he is?" "In body—yes," replied Aldred. "But he seems to possess a grand and noble spirit." "He is true and loving," said Atholbane ; "and his perceptions are keen and reliable. I think his judgment of men, from first impres- sions, is almost infallible." "But of these ghosts, my lord,—in what shape have they been wont to appear?" "Sometimes," answered the earl, with a slight quiver in his tone, "it has been a man, like unto one of the old monks ; and at others it has been a woman." "And you have never been able to get your hands upon them?" Atholbane shook his head. "Well, my lord, I will try the old tower, at all events ; and if I am driven out I shall suffer no more than brave men have suffered before me. The hour is late, and I am ready to follow you when you please to lead the way." "You will take your sword, Sir Aldrsd." "Yes,—it will serve me for a companion, if for nothing more." The earl arose and took up the lamp, and at the same time the young knight took his sword which had stood in the corner of the room. Then the host led the way out into the hall, and up the broad stone stairway to the hall above. Thence, through a narrow, vaulted passage, to a wide corridor, upon one side of which were the entrances to a row of bartizans, and here the earl had to stoop low, and carry the lamp near to the floor to keep it from the wind that found entrance through the loop- holes. Beyond this they came to an angle of the keep, where there was a heavy closed door, with a key in the lock, having passed which they found themselves in a winding corridor, with doors upon one hand and bartizans upon the other. "We have reached the tower," said Athol- bane, "and these doors upon the left hand open to the chambers. What think! will you remain here?" "Of course I will. It is a ghostly place, with this storm beating down, but I have been in worse ones. You had better enter at once, or you may lose your light." A few steps further and the earl came to a door, which he opened, and which gave entrance to a small ante-chamber furnished with chairs, a dressing-table and a mirror. The mirror, however, was rusted and covered thickly with dust. Another door opened to a second chamber, broad and high, where the furniture was in better shape. "This," said the host, "is the best apartment of them all. It is the one which I once occu- pied, and I think you will find things properly arranged. If you will remain here I shall bid you good-night." "I will remain, my lord." "There is oil enough in your lamp to burn during the night if you put down a part of the wick." Thus speaking, the earl placed the lamp upon a table, and having taken a small horn lantern from his pocket, he, lighted the waxen taper within. "There are other apartments upon this floor, opening into each other," he said, "and you can explore them at your leisure ; but this I think you will find the most comfortable. Can I do anything more for you?" "I think of nothing, my lord." "Then I bid you good-night ; and may your rest be peaceful." CHAPTER III. THE GHOST TOWER. AFTER the earl had gone, the Knight of Lanark sat down and thought upon the story he had heard. He wondered much that his host should have so trusted him ; but the manner in which the information had been communi- cated to him, especially that part relating to the marriage with the second wife, convinced him that the earl had been so deeply moved that he had not reflected much upon the form of his speech. The more he pondered, the more anazed was he that the nobleman should have opened to him so much of his private history. Atholbane had certainly confessed that true love had never had anything to do with his union with Lady Margaret, and he had given his hearer strongly to infer that that union had been pro- ductive of very little happiness. le "No, no," the knight murmured to himself, "I am sure that the earl is far from being a happy man. His old love is buried, and no new love has ever come to fill up the void. But why should he have told this to me? if he seeks my sympathy, he has it already, and if I can be of service to him he may command me." It was in the story of Lady Maud, however, that our knight had been most deeply interested. By one of those mysterious attractions which are beyond the reach of analysis, he had been drawn to a love for this lady as deep and abid- ing as he could have felt for one whom he had known for years ; and he fancied that, in the mind of the earl, one, at least, of the ghostly visitants of the tower had some connection with the dead countess. It is true words had not been spoken to that effect, but nevertheless Atholbane had been affected, when speaking of the mysteries of the tower, very much as he had been when telling of the wife whom he had lost. There had been a tenderness of tone, a moisten- ing of the eyes, and a tremulousness of frame at certain points of the ghostly narrative, which would seem to force this conviction upon Al- dred's mind. "Poor Lady Maud!" sighed the knight, fold- ing his hands reverently, and raising his eyes heavenward, "if nothing else comes to haunt me, I am sure thy sweet spirit will visit me in my dreams!" When he awoke the light of day was strug- gling in through the lozenges of horn ; and when he had started from his bed, and thrown open one of the casements, he found that the sun was well up. The storm had passed, and the only clouds to be seen were those that hung, light and fleecy, over the summit of Ben Lawers. After this he arose and looked about him. The chamber was large, with a high, vaulted roof, and the small, square windows which, by the sound of the breaking waves, the knight knew must overlook the lake, were some of them closed with thick oaken shutters, while a few, from which the shutters were opened inward, contained sashes in which were set thin, lozenge- shape sheets of semi-transparent horn. The wall pierced by the windows was of massive masonry, and relieved by tapestry, while the other walls, which served as partitions, were of oak, and quaintly ornamented with panels and carving. The chairs were of oak, most of them cushioned, and all large and high-backed, while the table and sideboard, of the same material, were elaborately ornamented. The bed, which stood against the middle of the inner wall, with its foot towards the windows, was broad and high, with a canopy and curtains of faded damask, the woodwork being carved after the pattern of the other heavy furniture It was certainly a gloomy looking chamber, and the howling of the tempest, which gave yet no sign of abating, was not calculated to add cheer to the place. The wind fairly screeched as it whirled around the bartizans and angles of the tower, and the rain beat furiously against the exposed casements. But Aldred had no thought of fear or unrest on this account. In fact, under ordinary circumstances, the deep music of the tempest would have been a grate- ful accompaniment, and would have given zest to his slumbers ; but he could not, in view of the story he had heard, shut out a certain weird wildness in the voice of the storm that detracted somewhat from its somnolent tendency. He was very tired, and felt the need of rest, but he con- cluded that he would not retire without examin- ing the adjacent apartments. So he took up the lamp, and turned first towards the outer face of the tower, where he found two rooms. The first was somewhat smaller than that which he had concluded to occupy, the walls being hung with blue tapestry, and the chairs covered with material of the same color.e To windows were larger, and protected from driv- ing storms by projections upon the outside, and the whole arrangement of the furniture indi- cated that this had been used, in former times, as a private drawing-room. It was here, pro- bably, that the beautiful Lady Maud had spent most of her time after she became mistress of the castle. Beyond this was a still smaller apartment, containing a cistern and a font, a handsome dressing table, several large oaken chairs, and a large metallic mirror. This had been a bathing and dressing-room. As the knight came back into the blue cham- ber, he observed a carved altar in one corner upon which stood a cross. "How many times," he murmurod to himself, "has the sweet lady knelt at this shrine?" And as the words dropped from his lips, he set the lamp upon a ledge of the altar, and sank down upon his knees, intending to offer up the devo- tion due from a Christian knight to his God. He had folded his hands, and the name of his Maker had been reverently pronounced, when a slight rustling behind him, as of a silken garment, caused him to turn his head, and he beheld, standing near the inner wall, a female figure robed in black. He caught a glimpse of her face, pale and beautiful, and saw her white hands folded upon her bosom. He did not move, he did not speak, but inspired with holy awe, he stood and gazed. He had no thought of fear—no thought of terror—no thought but of sympathy with the earnest, prayerful look of that heavenly face. A moment he saw it—saw it as plainly as ever he saw mortal being—and then it disappeared, seeming to fade away into the rich blue tapestry that hung against the wall. "Lady! Lady!" he cried, advancing towards the spot where the vision had appeared, "I am a true knight, and you have nothing to fear." He raised the tapestry, but only a smooth, solid wall was visible behind it. It had seemed so real, and the beautiful face had been turned upon him so beseechingly, and so prayerfully, that until now he had not really thought of an incorporeal spirit. But when the bare wall met his gaze, with no door nor aperture to be seen, he moved back with the firm impression that the strange presence had not been a dweller in the flesh. He took up the lamp, and examined the inner wall more thoroughly, but he could find no way by which a human body could pos- sibly have gained egress. Slowly and thought- fully he returned to the large chamber, and after a little reflection he moved on to examine the apartments on the other hand. There was the small dressing-room which he had first entered from the corridor, and adjoining that, towards the outer wall, was a small bed-chamber. Beyond these were two more chambers, with beds in them, which had evidently been used by servants. Saving a few small closets, these were all the apartments of the western tower, and when the knight had satisfied himself upon this point, be retraced his stops once more to his own chamber, where he very soon sought his pillow. Touching the ghostly vision which had ap- peared to him in the blue chamber, Aldred had no very unpleasant thoughts. Of fear he felt not a particle. So deeply had that sweet face been impressed upon his heart, and so strongly had the prayerful, longing look attracted him, that he felt drawn towards the spirit rather than repelled. In fact, he was determined, if possible, to see it again. "I am forced to the conviction," he said to himself, after he had laid his head upon his pillow, "that the earl has not been mistaken, and that the old servants may have good grounds for their wild stories. I have certainly seen what I never saw before. It is surely some troubled spirit that haunts this tower—some woman that cannot find rest in the world—per- haps shut out from the abode of angels, and compelled to inhabit earth, though freed from her tabernacle of clay. By my faith, it is most strange how this marvellous presence affects me. I had thought that the sight of a ghost, at such an hour and in such a place, and with such surroundings, would have chilled my heart, but I feel nothing of the kind. Is there not the finger of Providence in this? Does not the immaterial wanderer seek my aid? If she does, she shall have it. If I, in my will of physical strength, can give peace and rest to this unfortu- nate, then I pray that God may lead me in the right direction." "GOD LEAD AND GUIDE HIM!" The words were softly, yet earnestly, spoken —clear and distinct—and seemed to come from behind the curtains at the head of the bed. Aldred raised himself upon his elbow and listened, and he plainly heard that same rustling sound that had first attracted his attention in the blue chamber—heard it for a moment, and then all was still save the beating of the storm without. Without terror, without trepidation of any kind, save that feeling of awe which had once before possessed him, the knight arose and elevated the wick of his lamp, and then ex- amined the wall at the head of his bed ; but he could find nothing that could help to solve the mystery. Again he sought his pillow, and wbile meditating upon the strange events his fatigue overcame him, and he fell asleep ; and to pro- found was his slumber that not even the sweet, pale face of the ghostly wanderer came to visit him in dreams. "I' faith!" he cried, as he turned from the casement, "they'll think I am a sluggard. Verily," he continued, as he drew on his hose, "they are all moving save myself. Ha—the horses are already out. The earl cannot be off upon a hunt without me." He went back to the open casement, but from that point he could not look down into the part of the court whence loud sounds pro- ceeded. As he stood there, however, the din sounded louder and, and presently he heard a rumbling noise, followed by a heavy crash. He had left the window, intending to throw on his doublet and hasten down, when the door of his chambor was unceremoniously opened, and Ed- win came hurrying in, pale and trembling. "Sir Knight," he cried, "I tremble because I am tired ; not because I am afraid. But, for all that, there is enough to be fearful of ; and my father has sent me to give you notice that we are attacked by a band of marauders. They have gained entrance to the outer ballium, and are now battering away at the doors of the keep." "Have you men enough with which to meet them?" "My father fears not." Aldred stopped to ask no more ; but hurrying on before the boy, he made his way as quickly as possible to the ground floor of thee dongon, where he found the earl, already in harness, surrounded by a dozen men-at-arms. "Ah, Sir Aldred," exclaimed Atholbane, "a strange welcome we give you to Kenmore." "Let me harness first," replied our hero, "and then I will listen to you. My armor is near at hand." "Your heavy pack is where you left it last night." "Then, if some one will come and give me assistance, I will very soon be ready for work." "I can help you," said Edwin, who had just arrived. Back into the hall, and across into a small ante-room, Aldred hurried with the youth, and there he found his arms and his armor, and in an incredibly short space of time he was clad in tempered steel from top to too, with a heavy broadsword at his side, and his axe in his hand. "Now, my lord," he cried, as he rejoined his host, "I am ready to listen." "Do you hear that thumping, Sir Aldred?" "Aye—as plainly as I heard the thunder last night." "Never, in the whole course of my life, was I driven into such a pitiful trap before," said the earl, writhing with impatience. " Thor- wald is away with most of my men-at-arms, and I have been caught like a fox in his den. A score of the daring marauders of Inverness, who have their haunts about the dark passes of Ben Nevis, led by a powerful villain in full armor, have attacked us. They found the draw-bridge down, and the gate open ; and in the outer ballium, to which they gained access without trouble, they found only a few grooms, and some half-a-dozen masons. The gates had been opened by the masons for the purpose of bringing in some of their material, which had been left without the walls, and the marauders, who must have been upon the watch, seized that opportunity to enter. They have obtained a heavy piece of timber, and are now trying to force the gates of the inner ballium. Our upper bartizans are useless, for every projectile that could be thrown from them is in the outer magazine." "But where are your crossbows and bolts?" asked Aldred. "All in the outer ballium—every one of them!" groaned the earl. "The most we can do is to stand our ground, and be ready to de- fend ourselves when the villains gain entrance to the keep. But come with me, and you shall see the situation for yourself." Atholbane led the way to the second floor of the dongon, where Aldred followed him into a bartizan that overlooked the space in front of the main gate of the keep. The scene that presented itself to the knight's view, consider- ing the force that could be held for resistance, was certainly a startling one. He counted twenty of the marauders—all stout, powerful, savage looking men, clad in tough armor of pre- pared ox hide, and otherwise armed with spears and javelins. The leader was a tall, athletic fel- low, clad like his followers, save that he wore an iron breastplate and a leathern helmet, the visor of which hid the whole upper part of his face. He was armed with a heavy battle-axe, which he carried with ease and grace, and his bearing was entirely superior to that of his companions. Aldred, who judged of men some- what by their voices, especially when he could not see their faces, listened attentively to catch the tones of this stalwart chieftain ; but he listened in vain. The freebooter's orders were given entirely by signs, and if he spoke, it was in a voice so low as not to be heard beyond the ears of those for whom the words were intended. The wretches had brought a large beam from the outer court—a beam which some of the workmen had used in constructing a platform —and were using it as a battering-ram against the heavy doors of the keep. The barrier was solid and massive ; but it had already begun to tremble beneath the repeated blows of the ram. "My lord," asked Aldred, when he had fully comprehended the situation, "who and what are those men?" "They are from the bleak highlands of In- verness, and are followers of the cruel Dane, Olaf. They live by plunder, and so impreg- nable are their fastnesses that no force sent against them has yet been able to capture them." "And is that Olaf who leads these men?" "I think it must be, but I do not know. Ha! see how the stout door quivers! By St. Mi- chael! if they gain entrance to the keep, we are lost! We can count but fourteen against their twenty, and of our number not one-half are fit to bear arms, while of their's, every man is a 'host in himself.' " The Knight of Lanark took one more look out into the court, and then turning to the earl he said, calmly and firmly : "My lord, you speak truly. If they gain en- trance to the keep we are lost ; or, at any rate, the chances will be most decidedly against us. We must prevent it." "Prevent it, Aldred?" "Yes. What virtue there is in being the attacking party, where it must be blow for blow, let us claim for ourselves. At the end of this corridor there is a door opening upon the crest of a terrace?" "Yes." "And that terrace faces the court?" "Yes." "Then let us move quickly to that point, and dash down upon the enemy before they succeed in forcing these doors. We shall not only take them by surprise, but as fully two-thirds of their number have hold of the beam, we shall takee tom at a decided disadvantage. By the holy rood, I have no fear of the result. My arm is strong, and my axe is heavy, sharp and sure." "Sir Knight," cried the earl, grasping our hero by the hand, "you have offered the very thing I would have asked. If I hesitated in making the proposition, it was not because I doubted your bravery and your good will, but because I thought it presuming somewhat thus to invite an honored guest to such a work ; but it is all understood now. Let us down and call our men at-arms, and then for the attack. By the crown of David! but they shall find that true knights of Scotland, though but a pair in number, are not to be troubled with impunity!" "Quick, my lord! I will on to the door and have the bolts removed. Hurry up our men moments are precious! If they beat down that barrier they will strike us in the rear. Hear it jar! It cannot withstand many more blows like that!" (TO BE CONTINUED.] ========== WIT A NAPPING.—A hat manufacturer in this city claims for himself the title of " Universal Sympathiser," because, he says, he has felt for every one. A GENIUS remarked the other day, with a grave face, that however prudent and virtuous young widows might be, he had seen many a gay young widow-err. THE last case of modesty is that of a lady who discarded her lover, a sea- captain, because in speaking of one of his voyages he said that he " hugged " the shore. A SAILOR who had hired a violin player to perform him some airs, on being asked what tune he preferred, replied, " Nep-tune, you lubber! and so does every jolly tar." TEN THOUSAND HANDS WANTED.—It wasn't such a bad notion on the part of a glover who hung up in his shop the following placard : " Ten thousand hands wanted immediately." " SAY, Pomp, where you get dat new hat?" " Why, at de shop, of course."—" What is de price of such an article as dat ?"—" I don't know, Sam—I don't know ; de shopman wasn't dar." TE man who started for a walk in the " field of speculation " lost his way for the want of land-marks, and after a diligent search by his friends, was restored to the bosom of his family. JOSH BILLINGS says : " There is lots of folks in this world who, rather than not find any fault at all, wouldn't hesitate to say to an angle-worm that his tail was altogether tew long for his body." " EPHRAIM, this baby's legs are monstrous fat, an't they ?—What temperament do you think the child has ?"—" Rather heavy, Simon— decidedly of the limb-fat- ie."—" Well, I guess so too." A TAILOR'S apprentice, who seemed to be pained a good deal with the cross-leg attitude, was asked how he liked tailoring ; to which he replied, " Very well ; but I believe I shall never be able to stand sitting." "PHILL, me jewel," said Pat, "I'm mighty sorry you can't dine wid me to-day." " Arrah, and why can't I dine with you?" said the astonished Phil. " Because, my dear," returned Pat, "I haven't asked ye as yet." 'Twas Christmas morning. A DIFFERENT lover wont to the town-clerk to request him to publish the bans of matrimony, and finding him at work alone in the middle of a ten-acre field, asked him to stop aside a moment, as he had something particular for his private ear. " AS to being conflicted with the gout," said Mrs. Partington, " high living doesn't bring it on. It is incoherent in some families, and is handed down from father to son. Mr. Hammer, poor soul, who has been so long ill with it, dis- inherits it from his wife's grandmother." " WILLIAM STIGGS, what do you understand by eclipse?" — "An old race-horse, sir," " Silence! Jack, you are a scholar ; what is eclipse?"—"An eclipse is a thing as appears when the moon gets on a bender and runs against the sun ; consequently the sun blacks the moon's face." Pedagogue looks amazed. Dismisses the class. A YOUNG lady with a " switch" trailing fashionably down her back was somewhat startled, while waiting at a railroad depot the other day, by a kindly old lady who was not " up to the latest styles " approaching her and whispering, in a tone audible all over the room, " Your back hair is coming down, Miss." "SHUT your eyes and listen mit me," said Uncle Van Heyde. " Voll, de first night I opens store I counts the monies, and finds him nix right ; I count him and dere be tree shillin gone ; and vot do you tink I does den?"—" I can't say." _" Vy, I did not count him any more, and he came out shoost right ever since." NO TIME TO UNDERSTAND.—" How is it, my dear," inquired a school-mistress of a little girl, " that you do not understand this simple thing ? —" I do not know, indeed," she answered, with a perplexed look ; " but I sometimes think I have so many things to learn that I have not time to understand." HOW TO SHARPEN SIGHT.—A number of physicians once disputing as to what would be best to sharpen the sight. Some recom- mended one thing, and some another, till at last one said that there was nothing that would do it like envy, for it magnifies and multiplies all the errors of man. 