ATHOLBANE. A ROMANCE OF KENMORE CASTLE. BY S. COBB, ESQ. CHAPTER XVII. WALTHORF'S REVELATION. fa lui fe( ON the day following the death of the countess, towards the middle of the afternoon, word was brought to the earl by Finlan that Thorwald was approaching the castle. "I would see him at once, good warder, be- fore he can learn from other lips what has hap- pened during his absence. Conduct him hither as soon as he dismounts." Atholbane had been busy during the fore- noon, and he had learned much that gave con- firmation to suspicions he had entertained touching the poisoning of the cordial in the Ghost's Tower. He had not only discovered that Thorwald had kept watch there once with his esquire, but on the day of the chase, when the knight had returned from Finglen, old Finlan had seen him passing through the western corridor, while his esquire held his horse in the court. The earl easily remembered what had followed. Thorwald had joined the hunting party, and at the conclusion of the sport had ridden away again towards Finglen— had ridden away without knowing that a mes- senger had arrived from Lanark, and thus in ignorance of the departure of Douglas and Aldred. The coming of that messenger had perhaps saved Aldred's life, and caused the poisonous fang to strike the life of another. Atholbane had no desire to accus the Son of Eric at present, but he was anxious to satisfy himself, and he believed he could do it if he could have the privilege of breaking to the false knight the news of his mother's death. Thorwald entered the earl's apartment with an expression of anxiety upon his dark features, but it was an anxiety to gain intelligence rather than from any intelligence already received. "The warder informs me that you wish to speak with me, my lord." "Yes, Thorwald." The earl spoke calmly, and at the same time motioned the knight to a seat. "As I have no one else at hand to con- sult, I was forced to ask your presence. Have you heard anything of Aldred?" "How?—of Aldred?" repeated Thorwald, with sudden interest, and unable to keep back a show of slight trepidation. "What of him? Is he not at the castle?" Atholbane had gained one point. Thorwald did not know of Aldred's absence. "Ah," said the master of Kenmore, with a sad shake of the head, "I have melancholy news to break to you." "Ha! has anything befallen the adventurer of Lanark?" cried Thorwald, while a bright, fierce sparkle illumined his eye. "I fear the spirits that claim the old tower for their abode have become malevolent," pur- sued the earl, slowly and solemnly. "But Aldred—what of him?" demanded the knight, impatiently. "I have not been easy," continued Atholbane, seeming not to notice the eagerness of his step- son. "I have dreaded the evil influence of those gloomy chambers—I have dreaded for a long time—and now the stroke has fallen! Tell me no more that there are no evil spirits within the walls of Kenmore! Death has followed in their footsteps!" "Ha! and has Aldred fallen at last?" uttered Thorwald. "I thought it would be so. I warned him, but he would not listen. I told him he was running into danger most recklessly. How did he die, my lord? How was he found?" "Of whom do you speak?" "Of Aldred of Lanark." "You misunderstand me, Thorwald ; Aldred of Lanark has gone away with Douglas. And furthermore, the evil spirits of which I speak were not the ghosts which have frightened so many mortals. Poison was left in Aldred's bed- chamber—poisoned cordial—and of our house- hold, who had taken a strange fancy to pay a visit to the old tower during Aldred's absence, drank of the cordial and died." "Died? who—who, my lord?" "Thorwald, IT WAS YOUR MOTHER!" The wretch clutched his hands and gasped for breath, and sank back as though stricken with mortal terror. He was pale as death, and for a moment his eyes seemed starting from their sockets. "My Mother!" "Your mother, Thorwald." By a powerful effort the base man shook off the outer terror, and, remembering that he had a part to play, he assumed a semblance of grief and indignation ; but his grief was expressed in a very few words—words badly chosen and lamely spoken. "But, ye gods!" he exclaimed, "what shall we say of the base wretch who could thus plant grim death in our very midst? My lord, that poison was meant for either you or me— perhaps for both of us. Aldred of Lanark hoped that one, or both of us, might go to his apartment during his absence. He is a mur- derer!" Not a movement of a feature betrayed the direction of the earl's thoughts or suspicions. He simply said, as he arose from his seat : "I hope that Aldred's skirts may be clear, but if he is guilty he must suffer. Your mo- ther's remains are in the chapel ; you can see them if you wish." Thorwald turned away, but he did not go to the chapel. He had no desire to gaze upon the face of his dead mother then. He went to his own chamber, where he sat down and reflected upon the unfortunate result of his evil plot. If he could fasten the deed upon Aldred, it might yet work to his advantage, though he bitterly regretted that he had lost his mother. He had loved her as well as he could love anything, and moreover, in her death he had lost his best friend—the one friend upon whose exertions and influence he mainly depended for the attainment of his ambitious object. When Thorwald appeared in the household, he wore a face of deep mourning, and though he could plainly see that Clara Douglas avoided him, he fancied that the earl was more dis- posed to be friendly than usual. Early in the evening of that day—the day following Margaret's death—the king arrived, on his return from Stirling. He was deeply shocked when he was informed of the tragic death of the countess, and as soon as he had opportunity he drew apart with Atholbane, and listened to a recital of the particulars. "It is all very plain to me," he said, after he had heard the story. "The poisoned shaft was aimed at Aldred, and we may piously conclude that the finger of God worked his salvation." fa "Oh, my soul!" cried the earl, "what mys- teries are locked up in that old tower? God only knows what pain and unrest I suffer." The king arose from his seat, and placed his hand upon the shoulder of his host. There was a deep, quivering flush upon his face, and his voice was low and tremulous. "Atholbane, to night I shall watch in the Blue Chamber. If I gain nothing by that, I shall sleep my sleep in the hours of to-morrow, and watch again on the succeeding night. Ask me not what I mean—ask me not what I hope —ask me nothing until I choose to speak." "As you will, sire," returned the earl. "I am as a little child in my present trouble. To you I can speak as I would speak to no other living creature. I mourn for Margaret because she was my wife, and yet I cannot banish from me the feeling that she was plotting against me while she lived. She and her son were a foreign element in the household, and, God forgive me if I am wrong, had the poisoned fang pierced the life for which it was intended, she would not have been sorry. And yet I have only myself to blame, I sinned when I married with her. It is no excuse for me that she, persistently sought my hand, or that her noble brother urged me to the step. My heart was not there, and when I stood at the altar, and the words of union fell from the lips of the bishop, they sounded to me like a knell. Even then I had a foreshadowing of the mystic agony I was to suffer. Edgar, in the very first hour of my marriage with the widow of Eric, the spirit of my sweep and sainted Maud seemed crying to me for a place in my heart, and from that hour to the present I cannot say that I have known an emotion of pure, unalloyed joy. But when the spirit came to me in a more tangible shape— when to material eyes appealed the form and face of my beloved—who can tell the amount of anxiety that weighed me down?" As the earl ceased speaking, he covered his face with his hands, and the king bent over and spoke words of consolation. "And now," concluded Edgar, "we will let the matter rest for the present. Let us go forth and snuff the evening air." At an early hour the king retired for the night to the apartments in the Ghost's Tower. He would have no one with him, not even Atholbane. The door opening from the corri- dor into the outer ante-room he locked behind him, for he did not choose that any curious ser- vant should follow him, and then he went on to the Blue Chamber, where, having set his lamp upon a table near the centre of the apart- ment, he sat down and opened a quaint old volume of Saxon legends which he had brought with him, and there he sat and read till mid- night ; and to the traveller, who might have been wandering upon the shore of the lake at that late hour, the windows of the high cham- her, illumined by the glare of the watcher-lamp, might have looked like the fiery eyes of a giant spectre. * * * * * * * In the morning the king came down, and an- nounced his intention of returning at once to his capital. When Atholbane asked him what he had seen, he placed his finger upon his lips and shook his head. "Ask me no questions, my brother, for I can answer none. If, in the time to come, I should feel justified in speaking, I shall do so." After Edgar's horse had been brought into the court, and while he stood with the rein in his hand, the earl again betrayed his anxiety touch- ing the events of the past night. "Pardon me," pleaded the king. "I would enlighten you if I dared. Wait a little while, I shall come again by and by, and then you may ask me what you will. In the meantime keep an eye upon Thorwald!" * * * * * * * * * The funeral of Margaret, Countess of Ken- more, took place, and on the day following, Thorwald left the castle, having first informed the earl that he was going to Finglen, where he might be found if he should be wanted. He evidently felt ill at ease at Kenmore, just then. In the first place he heard too much wonderment among the servants touching the strange death of his mother, to please him, for he had con- science enough to give him trouble beneath his burden of guilt. In the second place, Clara Douglas persistently avoided him, and he dared not give her more occasion to dislike him by pressing his attention upon her while he had no one to back him. And furthermore, he thought he could discover signs of dislike and distrust on the part of the older servants, and more than once he had found the earl regarding him with an expression not the most promising. He had made up his mind that he would go away until Douglas returned, and then by proper management, he might come back and do the work which he and his mother had laid out. A week passed away after the funeral, and not a word from Douglas or Aldred. Clara enjoyed herself very well with Atholbane, but still she was anxious—anxious to know what detained her father, and anxious on account of Aldred. "Be patient," said the earl. "We shall hear from them before long." "Ah, my lord, but you are anxious, too." "A little, I grant ; but my anxiety is not all on account of those two. I should have heard from the king ere this." "Be patient," retorted Clara, with a smile. "You may hear from him before long." And then they walked down by the lake, where they strayed upon the pebbly shore until the shadows of evening began to fall. On the very next day a courier arrived from Lanark with intelligence that all was well, and he brought a packet from Earl Douglas, enclos- ing a missive for Atholbane, and one for Clara. "The king is here with me," wrote Douglas, "and says that I must go to Dumfries with him. He is full of mystery which he will not speak. He brings me intelligence of the death of my sister. God rest her soul!" Further on he wrote : "You will forget that I ever thought of be- stowing the hand of my child upon Thorwald. I will explain all when I see you Clara will re- main with you until I come." From this time Clara Douglas took hope. Her father had written nothing in favor of Al- dred, only to say that he was well ; but he had written of Thorwald in a manner that gave her courage ; and, furthermore, it had been plainly expressed that the brave young knight was a favorite of the king. This was ground enough, and she stood upon it hopefully and gladly. The heavens grew brighter above her, and the future grew radiant with promise. At the end of three weeks from the time of his departure Thorwald returned to the castle ; but he did not remain. He stopped only one night, and then went to Scone. Two weeks after that Earl Douglas and Al- dred arrived at Kenmore, and Clara rested once more upon the bosom of her father. "I may see Aldred," she said, pleadingly, after waiting a long time in vain for her father to pronounce his name. The earl took both his daughter's hands in his own, and looked earnestly into her face. "My child," he replied, "I will be frank with you. I know full well that you love the gallant knight, but I do not know that you can give him your hand. I would not raise a hope in your bosom that might be blasted. You had better, for your own peace, look upon him as beyond your reach. Hush, Clara! You cannot persuade me. Aldred is not what we have thought him, but what he is I know not. For the present it must be as I have said. You may see him—you may speak with him,—but my purpose is not altered." So bright had been her hope, so powerful and enduring her ardent love, that even now the maiden did not despair. The king and Athol- bane were Aldred's friends, and from the re- serve of her father she felt that she might turn to them. And then her father had not spoken severely of the knight, he had rather shown a liking for him, and a desire that fortune might smile upon him. Not long afterwards, while Earl Douglas had gone to speak alone with Atholbane, Clara and Aldred met in the hall. A trembling, fluttering greeting passed between them, and as the hand of the maiden still remained within our hero's grasp she asked, by her earnest, beseeching gaze what she dared not ask in words. Aldred under- stood her, and he answered her silent question : "Clara, I know your thoughts, but I cannot give you light. You have spoken with your father?" "Yes ; and he can tell me nothing. O, why this suspense? What is its meaning, Aldred?" "In truth, dear lady," replied the youth, "I am beside myself with doubt and anxiety. Whether the future holds for me in store joy and peace, or woe and wretchedness, I know not. Your father knows no more than I do. The king alone seems to hold the secret in his keep- ing, and he will not speak. But he will speak soon. He promised us that he would be here as soon as we should arrive. He may come this evening. Ha! here comes a courier now. It is Edgar's page. His majesty cannot be far be- hind. Remain you here, and I will go and speak with him." In the meantime the two earls had retired to a private closet, where Douglas told to Athol- bane the result of his interview with his forester. "When Aldred and myself reached Lanark," he said, "we found old Walthorf really at the point of death, though he still retained his senses, and was able to converse. He asked us to sit down by his bedside, and then he told us that he had deceived us both, though not willingly. Aldred was not his child, as he had always represented ; and he had felt anxious to reveal the truth, because there had for a long time been an impression upon his mind that it might somehow result to the youth's advantage. And this was the story he told : "About five-and-twenty years ago, while Malcolm Canmore was in Northumberland—and while you and I were there, too—lighting the Normans and the Saxons, a young woman, pale, weary, and weak, arrived one evening at the door of his lodge, and begged for shelter. She bore an infant in her arms—an infant only a few weeks old. Pale as she was, and wan, Walthorf thought he had never soon a woman so beautiful, and both he and his good wife cared for her most tenderly. One of the first requests she made, after she had rested awhile, was that no one, save themselves, should know that they had a stranger beneath their roof. In a few days she had so far regained her strength that she expressed a determination to continue on her journey, but she would not take the child with her. She wished Walthorf and his wife to adopt it, and rear it as their own, and if pos- sible, to make even their lord, on his return, think that they were its parents. They asked her name, but she would only tell them that she was the true and lawful wife of a brave soldier who had fallen beneath a Norman lance while fighting under the banner of Malcolm Canmore. She begged them to rear the child in the way of truth and honor ; to educate him to the best of their ability, and to be sure that evil was kept from his path. She scorned beside herself with sorrow and suffering ; but the good forester could not control her, and finally he promised that he would keep the child as his own—that he would present it to the world as his own ; and then he suffered the woman to depart. "Walthorf never saw the woman again, nor did he ever hear from her. He reared the child as he had given his word, and I had never been led to suspect that he and his wife were not its own parents. In time I came to like the bright and blithsome lad, and as I had no son I took this boy—for a boy it was—to my home and to my heart. "But you know all this. Walthorf had hardly finished his narrative when his speech failed him, and shortly afterwards he died. That is the story, my brother." "And Aldred is the child of whom you have spoken?" said Atholbane, strangely excited. "He is." "And have you gained nothing more? Do you not know—have you not some clue?" "Not a thread." "But, Douglas, there must be some means of ascertaining who his parents were. A soldier who fought under Malcolm—who fought with us! O, who shall open this mystery to our understanding?" "My only hope is in the king. He has inti- mated that he can furnish the clue." "The king!—By Saint Michael! here he comes!" g' CHAPTER XVIII. THE MYSTERY SOLVED.—CONCLUSION. "Sire," spoke Earl Douglas, after the first greetings had passed, and the king had taken a seat, "you will pardon me if I ask when you propose to enlighten us upon the subject that at present hangs with perplexing gloom about us, I am anxious, and Atholbane is anxious." "Aye," added he of Kenmore, "and much of weal or woe to two brave and true young hearts depends upon the solving of the mystery. Sire, in God's name I ask—can you clear away the gloom?" "I think I can," replied Edgar. "And the Blue Chamber—the ghostly visi- tant?" whispered Atholbane, eagerly. "Before this night is passed," answered Ed- gar, with solemn emphasis, "you shall have the satisfaction of knowing why those spirits have haunted the old tower, and the power shall be yours to give them rest if you will. But first, I have another matter of which I would speak, and I must crave your pardons both. Atholbane, Thorwald is your step-son—" "No, no!" cried the earl. "I own him not. Call him the son of Eric, but never a son of mine. He is a murderer!" ''Ah?" "Yes. 'Twas he who set the poisonous snare. The death of his own mother is upon his hands and upon his soul!" "My cousin Douglas," pursued the king, turning to him of Lanark, "Thorwald is your nephew." "In the death of his mother," pronounced Douglas, "the link was broken which connected him with my house I own him not." "Then," said Edgar, "I think I need not your pardon. Thorwald is in prison." "Ah?" uttered Atholbane, while Douglas asked : "For what?" "For treason." "Treason!" repeated both the earls in a breath. "I have ample proof, my lords," explained his majesty, "that Thorwald has been in league with Olaf, the Inverness marauder." The Earl of Kenmore started to his feet, and grasped the king by the arm. "Sire," he cried, trembling violently, "was it Thorwald who led Olafs villains against me?" "Would he have been a gainer by your death?" returned Edgar, quietly. "He might have hoped so." "Then, my good Atholbane, you can judge for yourself the hand that raised itself against Aldred of Lanark might not hesitate to strike at higher game. But since neither of you claim a protecting friendship for him, we will pass him by. He is in our prison at Perth, and Olaf himself is with him. The evidence against him is complete, and I may as well tell you now us at any other time that you will probably never be troubled with him more. He will be banished from Scotland, with death at the hands of the executioner to meet him if he ever sets foot upon the soil of our realm again." A dead silence followed this speech, but finally the king arose, and with a warm smile, continued : "And now let us turn to more hopeful work. But first, my brother of Kenmore, I am an hungered. Let us to supper, and then we will pay a visit to the ghosts of the Blue Chamber." "Sire!" "It is as I have said, Atholbane. What re- velation I have to make must be made there. Within the walls of the old tower has dwelt the mystery, and there must we seek for light. The Blue Chamber will be prepare for our reception, fear not." * * * * * * * The shadows of evening had fallen upon Ken- more Castle, and the stars were opening their twinkling eyes in the vault of heaven when the king, bearing a torch in his hand, led the way to tho Ghost's Tower. Ho was followed by Athol- bane and Aldred of Lanark, and by Douglas and Clara. The gentle maiden had never yet visited those spectral chambers, but she felt no fear now. She knew that her lover had occupied them, and she had a strong faith that joy was to come of the expected revelation. At all events, Edgar had smiled cheeringly upon her, and she did not believe that he could deceive her. When they reached the large bed chamber, they found the hanging lamp lighted, and a lamp also burning upon the sideboard. Presently the king threw open the door of the Blue Chamber, and Atholbane, when he entered, clasped his hands upon his bosom, and a low, wailing moan broke from his lips. The cluster of silver lamps that hung from the vaulted ceiling glowed with a soft, radiant light, the brazen lamps upon the quaintly carved brackets were also all aglow ; the pictures and the orna- ments had been dusted and brightened ; the furniture had been tastefully arranged, and the heavy tapestry had been thoroughly cleansed, and its plaits and folds and loops all fixed in proper shape. Surely that chamber was anything but ghostly now. It was by far the most cheerful looking apartment in the whole castle. It looked as it had looked years before. Atholbane remembered a time when it had been even brighter than now —the time when bright loving eyes lent their celestial light to the scene. It was of this he thought when the moan escaped him. "Sire!" he cried, trembling at every joint, "what means this?" "Sit down! sit down!" ordered the king. "Ask no questions now, I am master here, and I will proceed after my own mind. Be seated, all of you, and prepare to listen to me. First," he went on, after his friends had seated them- selves, "lest you might, any of you, feel some tendency to fear and trepidation, I must assure you that the only ghosts who have ever pre- sented themselves here have been substantial bodies of flesh and blood." Atholbane shook his head. "You will believe me, my good brother, when I have given you explanation," said Ed- gar ; "and that I will proceed to do at once. I will show to you that what has been such a per- plexing and frightful mystery is, after all, very simple. " The king saw that his hearers were prepared to listen, and he thus proceeded : "You are aware that, many years ago, a monastery stood upon the site now occupied by this castle, and that said monastery was de- stroyed during the ravages of the barbarians that desolated the land. One tower—a mas- sive old pile of huge rocks—was left standing, around which the ivy clung, and in the gaping crevices of which the bats and owls built their nests. In time, a priory was built upon the is- land in the lake, and those craftsmen who raised the walls, took many stones for their work from the old tower. At length, by accident, one of their number discovered a subterranean passage leading towards the lake. It extended some dis- tance beyond the line of the water, and then stopped, as though those who projected it had given up the work. The holy men who had charge of building the priory, when informed of this discovery, conceived the idea of running a subterranean passage from the island to meet the one already commenced from the other side, thinking that, in case of attack by infidel bar- barians, such a passage might afford means of escape to the inmates. The work was accord- ingly planned and accomplished, and thus, when the priory was finished, and the nuns had taken possession, they had means of egress and ingress by a passage, leading under the lake, from the priory to the vaults beneath the old tower. "By and by, a Scottish knight formed the plan of erecting a dwelling upon this spot, but he did not live to finish the work. Another followed, and succeeded in erecting most of this part of the keep, having selected the site of the old tower for that purpose, but he did not live here long. At length the Earldom of Kenmore was created, and the first earl, then a young man, went at the work of finishing the castle, which he did as we now behold it. This earl was Atholbane's father," nodded the king to Clara, whose look implied that she did not fully comprehend. "He finished the castle, and in doing so, he discovered the subterranean pas- sage ; but, by request of the lady of the priory, he promised to keep the thing a secret, even from the members of his own family, and he so managed that the workmen whom he employed gained no knowledge of it. Of course the earl did not intend to carry this secret to the grave with him, but his sudden death prevented him from revealing it to any member of his family, and thus the only knowledge of the existence of the secret way was hold by the inmates of the priory. All this I have learned, within a very short time, from old Walter, the steward of St. Agatha, and from the Prioress." "The Prioress!" uttered Atholbane, "have you seen her?" "Yes." "I thought no stranger was ever admitted to her presence," pursued the earl, in much sur- prise. "I used to visit the priory when Lady Mary was ruler there, but since the rule of Lady Helena, I have never been admitted." "You forget," said Edgar, with a smile, "that I am the king. Yes, yes—I not only gained admission, but I learned all their secrets. And now," he continued in a sober mood, "you can easily understand where the ghosts have come from that have so long haunted this old tower. Sometimes the nuns have had permis- sion to pass out, by night, from the priory by this way, and the male servants have found egress and ingress by the same. Old Walter, when he has had occasion to leave his quarters, has generally assumed a long white board and a grey robe. He once appeared to you, Athol- bane, and he has appeared to others. Do you not begin to comprehend?" "But that other presence!" whispered the master of Kenmore, with quivering eagerness. "Before I go farther," said the king, "I must receive from each of you a pledge of sec- recy. You must promise me that you will not reveal the secret I have disclosed. This I de- mand as a solemn compact between the nuns of St. Agatha and the indwellers of this castle." The promise was given, and the king then turned to Atholbane. There was a softer light in his eye, and his lips trembled when he com- menced to speak : "I am now going to tell to you a story—a story of a brave and gallant knight and a fair lady. Five-and-twenty years ago this knight, then in the bloom of young manhood, lived in his strong castle, and his wife was the fairest lady in Scotland. Love was their life, and hap- piness their portion. At length the king called his warriors together, and led them into Eng- land to do battle against the stout Earl of Northumberland. Our brave young knight was among the number called, and was one among the leaders, for he was an earl, and held many stout men-at-arms in his train. His beautiful countess, unwilling to bear more separation than was absolutely necessary, accompanied him on his way as far as Dumfries. She would have gone farther ; but beyond there the enemy might be met at any point, and the youthful earl would not listen. So at Dumfries she re- mained, while her husband went on with the army into Northumberland. For a number of weeks couriers came every few days to bring her tidings of the safety of her lord, and also of the safety of her father ; for you must know that her father was also a soldier of exulted rank. "While stopping at Dumfries the countess gave birth to a son, and as she held the precious infant to her bosom she thought how proud and happy her husband would be on his return ; and so selfish was she in her joy, and so anxious that her own lips should break to him the blessed truth, that she allowed none of the couriers to carry back the news." "At length a courier came with intelligence that her husband was dead!—and that her father was dead!—that they had both been slain at Cheviot. On the following day another courier arrived with confirmation of the terrible message. From that hour the reason of the countess was shattered, and she hardly knew what she did. Unmoved by the earnest entreaty of friends, she resolved to set out for her northern home with only her faithful maid for a companion. She went as far as Thornhill, and there, at a little wayside inn, her maid sickened and died. At this point a strange freak entered the lady's mind. Her husband and her father both dead, what cared she for the world? And why should her child be left to battle with the trials which might beset his path if he grew to manhood in the rank of his birth. She resolved that she would enter a convent, and that her child she would give to the first suitable person she might meet. So she gave out that she was the maid, and that the countess had died ; and the kind monks of St. Michael, when they gave the dead body sepulchre in the court of their monastery, fully believed that they were saying masses for the departed soul of the brave earl's wife. "After this the countess, with her child in her arms, set forth again, and at length she reached the door of the cot of Walthorf, the Forester of Lanark. She was fast breaking down in health and strength, and only the in- sane desire to reach the cloister held her up. I call it an insane desire, because her reason had fairly given way, and because she followed that desire as the only one thing left to her in this life. She could not take her child with her ; and, moreover, the idea had possessed her that the boy would be safer from harm to pass for the son of poor parents than he could be if the plotting nobles at the capital were aware of the source from whence flowed his blood. The quiet, true-hearted, honest forester was the man she sought, and to him and his good wife she gave the boy, pledging them that they would rear it as their own. "From this point thr countess made her way to the Priory of St. Agatha ; and when once safely within its walls her strength failed, and she sank, shattered and bruised, to the verge of the grave. None knew her for the bright, beautiful woman who, a few short months before, had sat by the window of her chamber and shuddered when she thought of the solitary life led by the inmates of the cloister. She told them her name was Helena, and that she was friendless and forsaken. For long and weary months she lay upon her pallet, so weak that nurses had to lift her ; but finally the vital spark warmed and extended, and by and by she was able to sit up. It had been a long, long time since she had fully known what was transpiring around her, and she was much surprised when they told her how many months she had been an inmate of the Priory. Slowly but surely she recovered her strength, and finally she was permitted to sit with Lady Mary, who was then prioress. From the window of the superior's room she could gaze upon the walls of the castle that had once been her home, and one day she asked Lady Mary who was lord of the castle now. The prioress spoke the name of the lord, and it was the name of her husband. And then it was told to her how the young earl had gone away to fight, and how his wife had gone with him as far as Dumfries ; and how word was brought to her that he had been slain ; and how she had wandered back as far as Thornhill, and there sickened and died ; and how the earl had not been slain, but only wounded ; and how he had come home almost broken hearted in his deso- lation, and how he had lived in sorrow and sadness for long and lonesome months, and had then married a second time, having brought home the sister of a powerful noble for his second wife. "Darkness and night came again, and once more the poor sufferer sickened nigh unto death ; but the Lord raised her up, and in time she gained a new hold upon life—life sad and melancholy. Lady Mary grrw old and died, and our child of sorrow, under the name of Lady Helena, became prioress of St. Agatha ; and when she had been invested with the badge of office the secret was entrusted to her of the existence of a subterranean passage from her priory to the castle upon the opposite shore— a passage from the vault beneath her own closet to the vaults beneath the very apart- ments she had once occupied as a countess. And in those same apartments now dwelt the husband whom she had so wildly, so passion- ately, so fondly loved, and by his side was another wife! "Can you wonder that the temptation was strong upon her to gaze once more upon the face of her husband, and also to behold the face of this second countess? She had gained knowledge of secret ways about an old tower of the castle where to the uninitiated appeared only solid walls, and in the solemn hours of night she sometimes came to look upon the face of him who still held her heart. In time the earl and his second wife were frightened away from the apartment they had occupied—fright- ened away by what they supposed to be ghosts, and for years the chambers of that tower were unused. If, by chance, any mortal sought to occupy them, the steward of St Agatha easily caused then speedy evacuation. "The years passed on, until at length there came to the castle a bold and gallant knight, yet in the bloom of youth, and, by a strange fate, necessity directed that he should lodge in the haunted tower. Word was borne to Lady Helena of the arrival of the knight, of his name —and whence he had come ; and she knew that it was her son whom she had left five-and-twenty years before with the forester of Lanark, for she had kept herself informed of the progress of her child in life. "Can you wonder that the mother came to gaze upon the face of her boy. O! who shall tell the raptures of that blissful moment when she beheld the noble form and the comely face of him to whom she had given birth! Ah! and who shall tell the pang that pierced her heart when she thought that she must behold him in silence for evermore!" At this point Atholbane, entirely overcome by emotions that fairly rent his heart, staggered to his feet, and extended his clasped hands to- wards the king. "Sire," he cried, trembling like one stricken with palsy, "I can hear no more. Kill me out- right, or give me life! O, my God! Does she yet live?—my Life—my Love—my gentle Maud?" "One moment, Atholbane," said Edgar, gently putting the earl back into his seat. "If you are thus affected I will hurry on ; and you shall hear the rest in a very few words. The hand of God seemed leading the beautiful sufferer up from the slough of despair by direct but myste- rious ways. By a strange dispensation the second wife was stricken down, and thus the way was opened to the first wife to regain her lost place of joy and blessing ; for she had made herself sure that her husband still loved her and still mourned for her as though she had been but a few short hours snatched from him." "Tell me—tell me," shrieked Atholbane, again giving way to the emotion that tore his heart, "was it Maud? Was it Maud?" "YES!" answered the king. "It was Maud! —my sister—your wife!" And then, tottering like a weak child, the earl arose to his feet and grasped Edgar's hand, and his voice was low and eager, and fearfully tremulous, as though a word might kill him : "Does she live?" The king arose from his seat, and allowing the earl still to hold his hand, he answered : "Atholbane, on that night which I passed alone in this chamber, my sister visited me, as I felt sure she would, for I had come to believe that she still lived, and that it was her mortal body I had before seen. Lady Margaret was dead, and when Maud had told me her long and painful story, she asked me what she should do. I asked her, in turn, what she wished to do. She had but one wish, and that was to rest once more upon the bosom of her own dear husband, and hear again his sweet words of love. I told her she should have the privilege, and I have kept my word. I have seen the bishop, the necessary stops have been taken, and she is not only relieved from her office of prioress, but she comes forth to her old position as though she had never left it." "Once more, Aldred, Atholbane—once more, and for the last time—behold the spectre of this old tower, but a spectre no more from this moment." Slowly the heavy tapestry that hung against the inner wall was raised from the pavement to the ceiling, and the Knight of Lanark beheld the beautiful woman that he had learned to love even while he thought her but an immaterial spirit, but her face was no longer pale, nor was her garb ghostly. Joy was in her eye and upon her flushed cheek, and robes of finest silk draped her faultless form. And Atholbane saw the lovely vision. He gazed for a moment spell-bound ; but presently the vision raised its hands towards him, and, in a voice that sounded like heavenly music, pronounced his name. Then he sprang forward, and his stout heart came well nigh breaking be- neath its loud of wondrous joy. And there they stood, cheek to cheek, heart to heart, held in each other's embrace, while Aldred, with streaming eyes and quivering lips, raised his folded hands on high and gave thanks to God. Husband and Wife!—Father, Mother, and Son! Who shall say that God's angels did not sing a brighter song when they saw that restored mother clasp her long lost boy to her bosom? And who shall dare assert that Atholbane did not experience, when he know that the noble knight was his own God-given son, a pride and gratitude as pure and deep as earth can afford! By and by Earl Douglas spoke : "Atholbane," he said, "myself and mine have a right to share in this joy ; for the wondrous dispensation that hath given to thee a wife and a child hath lifted from our hearts the cloud that gave token of darkness and trouble." His voice trembled, and tears started to his eyes afresh, as he took the hand of his daughter and led herforward. "Now," he added,—"now, can the promise of other years be fulfilled. Let this fair hand be the pledge of lasting union between us!" "So let it be!" pronounced Atholbane. And the king, when he saw the result, in a tone of deep solemnity responded : "AMEN!" And this was what he saw : Atholbane and Lady Maud once more folded in each other's arms, while Clara Douglas had pillowed her head upon Aldred's bosom, there to find love and duty united,—there to find rest and shelter while life should last! THE END. A SERVANT girl in Altoona recently tried whiskey to kill rats. She sweetened it with sugar, soaked bread in it, and then left it in the collar where rats "most do congregate." She had been upstairs not half an hour when she heard laughing, singing, and a general hulla- ballo down stairs. She accordingly went down to see what was the matter. Imagine her astonishment to find about a dozen rats glori- ously fuddled, engaged in throwing potato parings at each other, and hauling one another up to drink! A FRENCH NOTION.—The other day a notary, describing the cause of the premature death of an English lady, summed up by saying, " And probably, as the lady was English she drank copiously of gin!" An English ladv went the other day into a celebrated grocer's shop in the Boulevard Malesherbes and ordered a variety of articles. When the order had been duly taken down from her dictation, the shopman begged hard to be allowed to add some bottles of gin. Apparently he never doubted that the lady " en sa qualité d' Anglaise" was a daily imbiber of gin, and his anxiety was to be the purveyo rof the inevitable liquor. A CLERGYMAN once wrote home a very funny estimate of the value of a certain lady's dress, which he plaintively remarked was valued "at my salary for two years." But when the reverend gatherer of statistics came to the lady's diamonds, he was still more particular. "They were equal in value," he said " to the cost of a comfortable mission church, with infant room attached, and cabinet organ included." We wonder if the gentleman, when at home, is in the habit of taking sights at the ladies of his congregation in the same financial way ; and we also wonder how many " cabinet organs" would be represented by the amount of his own bills this season. CONTEMPT OF COURT.—While Thad. Stevens was a young lawyer he once had a case before a bad-tempered judge of an obscure court. Under what he considered a very erroneous ruling, it was decided against him ; whereupon he threw down his books and picked up his hat in a high state of indignation, and was about to leave the court room. The judge straightened himself to his full height, assumed an air of offended majesty, and asked Thad. if he meant to " express his contempt for this court." Thad. turned to him very defferentially, made a respectful bow, and replied in feigned amazement, " Express my contempt for this court! No, sir! I am trying to conceal it, your honor ;" adding, as he turned to leave, " but I find it hard to do it." WILL the coming woman pull teeth? This is a question now agitating our friends of the dental persuasion. The local associations have referred the matter to the Dental Association, that learned and respected body of torturers has solemnly resolved that it has no jurisdiction in the matter, but that the local societies must settle it for themselves. We are in favor, our- selves, of "female" dentists. The extraction of a tooth is probably the most excruciating operation to which the human frame can be subjected. What says the poet concerning lovely woman? " When pain and anguish wring the brow, a ministering angel the!" Now, just think of having a dentist and ministering angel all in one! We are for female tooth- drawers, now and for ever! A "TU QUOGUE."—One of the clergy of a large Scotch town having been ruralising lately, was returning home from a day's piscatorial en- joyment, his rod across his shoulder, when he met a youth with whom he was slightly acquainted, who happened to be carrying a bridle in his hand. The divine, thinking to be witty, even at the risk of being personal, pointed sig- nificantly to the bridle, and, with a shake of his head and a smile, remarked in passing, "A bridle for the ass!" to which the young master, nothing daunted, and pointing at the fishing rod over the clerical shoulder, instantaneously rejoined, " And a rod for the fool's back, all the world over!" It is perhaps superfluous to add that both parties passed on without further greeting. "THIS IS NO OUR AIN HOUSE!"—The follow- ing characteristic anecdote is related of the 72nd Highlanders. When the Duke of York was commander-in- chief, the regiment was stationed in Belfast, and at that time bigotry ruled supreme at the Horse Guards. The men being all Presbyterians, desired to go to their own " kirk," but an order was received from the Horse Guards that they should go to the parish church. The colonel, of course, complied with the order ; but on the first Sunday the band struck up on the route, and near the edifice, " This no our ain house," for which they were lustily cheered by the populace, and on the fact being reported to the Duke of York, His Royal Highness reversed the original order, and allowed them afterwards to attend their own place of worship. THE Icelanders have a curious custom, and a most effectuul one, of preventing horses from straying, which we relate, without recommend- ing its adoption, unless in the case of very quiet "monks," and then with a provision that the tied up ones have a paddock all to themselves, and that their tails are not considered of value. Two gentlemen, for instance, are riding together without attendants, and wishing to alight for the purpose of visiting some objects at a distance from the road, they tie the tail of one horse to the head of the other, and the head of this to the tail of the former. In this state it is utterly impossible that they can move either backward or forward, one pulling one way, and the other the reverse ; and therefore if disposed to move at all it will be only in a circle, and even then there must be an agreement to have their heads in the same direction. SHARP.—An enterprising business man of Hartford runs two branches of trade, to wit, a grocery and fish market, the grocery himself, the fish market by a deputy, and every night the latter makes returns of the proceeds of the day's business to the proprietor. A day or two since, tho grocer found in his fish market returns a counterfeit five dollar bill. He didn't like to lose it, and he didn't want to take the chances of passing it. So he called an old darkey who was hanging about the premises and said to him :— " Sam, here's a five dollar bill that's a little too doubtful. If you'll take it and pass it, I'll give you a dollar of the change."—" Very well," said Sam, and he took the bill and went off. Later in the day he returned, having ac- complished his feat, and handed over four dollars in good money to the grocer. That night the grocer, in counting the cash returns from the fish market, was more surprised than delighted to find the identical five in tho pile. " Look here," said he sharply, to his fish market clerk, "here's a counterfeit bill—who did ye take it off? didn't you know 'twas bad?" The clerk took it and looked at it a moment. " O-yes," said he, " I remember now ; I took it off Sam, the darkey. I thought it was a little doubtful, and wasn't going to take it, but he said he got it of you, so I thought it was all right." further explanation was unnecessary. AN ARABIAN LAUGHING PLANT.—"For the first time," says Pulgrave, the traveller, "I met with a narcotic plant, very common further south, and gifted with curious qualities. Its seeds, in which the deleterious principle seems to reside, when pounded and administered is a small dose, produce effects much like those ascribed to Sir Humphrey Davy's laughing gas, the patient dance, sings, and performs a thou- sand extravagancies, till, after an hour of great excitement to himself and amusement to the bystanders, he falls asleep, and on awaking has lost all memory of what he did or said while under the influence of the drug. To put a pinch of this powder into the coffee of some unsuspect- ing individual is not an uncommon joke.' 