FAI.S13 LlBER'iY. Tho mystery of iniquity uoth .already aa'prk. — 2 '.riiess. "xi. '7. (7'o the Editor of the Protestant Standard.). Sir, — A great deal has been said and Avritten about Roman Catholics, hut tor all that 'has hccu Aittored — and that too in a voice of no un certain sound— people Avill not consider- the itiiignibude of the tliemo. Amongst these uttcriuicus much lias had reference to " liberty." Men arc ajit — and those Avhose every profession iinidios their protesting, even if theA' do not act up to it — to charge those Aviin light the Roman foe oiieucly and Avitli dctcrmiuatioii, Avith a spirit of bigotry. And though it may .a)icar strange to men acqu.aintod Avith the history and eliavactcr of the lioinish Churcli, tho charge of bigotry In-onght against earnest Protostiints, comes not at .all unfrcrueiitly, from the niemhors of that corrupt church. Now my object in Avriting this, is not so much to shoAV the inconsistency of the actions of Catholics, compared Avith the teachings of their church, as to make the Protestant rcuiler acrxnainted Avitli the real duxdicity of the Paxnst Church. Of course the Romanist cannot bo ignorant of the cxislcnec of the Romish inaxini, so often denied, but still so lirinly believed by them — Extra Erclcslain Catholicavi salits es.ie non potest — out of tho Catholic Church salvation is iin)ossi1>lc. However much this may he denied, it is not only firmly helicA'ed, but taught ; and yet, forsooth, avo Protestants arc told Ave aro bigoted, aud that too by tho very XJeox»lo by Avliom tlih horrid jnaxim is believed ! But not onl,v arc tho Catholics our only .accusers, of a truth art some Protestants also. Of course 1 iiity thcse uieii, tlicso x'soudo-outeriers after liberty. 1 nsk Avliat avo Ave " bigoted Protestants aiming at?" siinxily this, "civil and religious liberty.' ' \Ve .ai'o (letermined not to be governed by a oriostl.y faction. Would these a'ory liberal Protestants have the l.ond deluged -aa'ith false loctvine? Would tliey force Aix)ou us tli.ai liberty Avhicli is the only liberty to be found in Rome, and Avlnvt is that? Let one abler- th.ar sxioak. ''Christian Lhoi-ty in Rome," say.' jaurin, "is liberty to bo a Rc man Catliolie, hiit is, liberty .to boliovo Avhat tho Bishop o: Rome allli ms to ho true, and liberty to do Avhat he oommaiula to be done." But, oli ! say our Protestant friends, there is no fear of us ca-ov coiniug to such a i trait as that ; hut I would remind them that the best method is to keex) the fcKCAvitliout ; for the order of Ignatius Loyala k nob extinct. But listen to this,, oh yo sons of the Roforination, aiid then say if Romauism is such a lovely thing as you are wont to tuink. Me- thinks that your conclusion Avill b,;, that it rememblcs iu .some respects tho do.ad-sca axurle, Avhicli is beautiful to ths cyo, hut on the first touch, cnimblos in your hand to nothing liut asiios. fiome time ago a few English rcsidoiita in Romo.lAvaitcd ou Cardinal Anionelli as a doxwta- tion, to askxicrraiasion to erect a suitable iihuie for Protestant AVorship iii Rome, and they urged as one reason that the Roman Catholics were allowed to build cburohcs in England ; there fore, the English ought to ho alloAvod to hiiild chinches in Rome, '.i'ho Cardinal made the following reply : "On the contrary," said he, " Ave both act according to our principles. You English profess to be liberal in matters of reli gion, and you permit us to. build clmrches, and aa'o doit. Iu Rome, avo profess to be exeiusiA'e iu matters of religion ; avc therefore refuse you Xiormission to build eluirchcs in Rome." The Cardinal could aiford to give exprossioii to liig sentiments in Rome— but it strikes me if he AVcre in Sydney, he Avould haA'u us liolicvo him to he the most liberal man in Australia. Howovor, apart from all questions of lihorly, is it consisbant for us, Avitli an open Bilile in oiii hand, couhL it he ccusistaiit on our xiart, I say, to sec this fair hand over-run Avith a creed, <|iiite as had in its eH'ccts as iMalioiumedariism, Aviihout vais'ing a Avarniug voice to tlmso Avlm s-euiii determined to bo its dupes ? AVo eaii say, not- Avithstaiidiiig.tlic sneers of some, and the moc'<- ings of others, that avo fight not Romanists l.utj Romanism. As our exanixile of the.h'.iiulno.s3 of Rome's adherents, itAvill sutlicc to romiiid the; reader of two or three historic facts. It is but recently that is .Paris, a letter Avas shown reii- 1 resented as received from the souls in purgatoiy, j Avliich letter, as one may conclude, Avas a forgery, f Tlie act Avas done by the .Jesuits, urging the| rich to pay mass-xiriests for x'l'ayers for tiief liberation of' their fviomls. On the letter Avaj| shown the print of a hiirning hand pressed iipiinl it by one of tho suH'cring souls in that XJagasiti oloansing place. And at Jerusalem, not a ycat passes imt the Papal and other monks, are guiltj of a most priifnno farce, that of bringing down th rc.al Holy Ghost, as they term it, in the formii lire. The protended H oly G host is made to rui' out of a small .aparbinoiit. This is merely i mixture of phosphorous and other conibustiblfi This dctcstablo lying Avoudor is designeil to pe suade the ignorant that the Holy Ghost sf attests the apostolicity of tho Pox>e. And, ho over Australian xiapiats may deny this, tl actuali.y have a saint by the n.anie of Axiolhn through Aviiomall victims of toothache may hp. relief. Tliorc is a legend about tliis Apollonii, iu which, among other absurd things, it is si! that just before she died (she Avas martyreil) sti pi'.aycd that all snll'crers from toothache niigW thereafter haA'c relief, Avhon a celestial voice re plied, " Oh spouse of Christ ! thou hast obtained Avhab has been asked." Iu fact I h.a\'c a coiiy oi the xirayer, Avliich is Avont to bo oU'erod to her, hut nu it is ratlior long, 1 will contoiit uiyaeK hy quoting the following doggerel lines : — " Groat A'irgin, Apolioiiia I to God our inter- ccssor prove - Tliat ho, Avhcii tliou rerxuircst, all p.aiiis from| us may move, | I.est our great sins bo visited i With a'oxing xiains of teeth or head." I One eauiiot help but ihtytho iniser-ahlo dupe | of this miserable s.ystcm. I bavc rcferredl | these in order to shoAV liberal-miinlod I.rnta | taiits, the subscribers to cathedrals, &e.;, Avhali .Vj system thc.y arc uxih.ilding by their false se;- 1!| mcnts. 'i'hc."c cxuotations could be niultij? g cxoeoiling'y. Surely Protestants have eiio! |;: of this niiscrablc mawkish eamlotir. "i Byci'.i/ faith bo free, but in the -e.xtiberaiico off. |k candour lot ns not forgot that .llonio is oui'i' |;? and her hcatl the great Antichrist of the ApK -k lyX>se." And let iis remember that tho Pojii (p not dead, any more than tlicdeA-il is, forljotli:).| about "seeliiiig Avhoin tlicy may devour." ; avo can say, in tlie iai guago of Borrows, " D of Rome I — I bclicA'c you to be .as inalicioui! over; but, you aro bcoonio jiaralytic, aiulyo:;,- saa'ordis (logonorated into a club." He lia.ssi i;, his niyrniidoiis at Avork ; as 1 said before, t , i Jesuits ave not an e.xtinct race. , '|j In conclusion, I Avouhl say, Protestants S u) and doing." Oh ye sons of the RcfonnatB | how long Avill ye counteract your own xirfe Xdcs? How long Avill you take xilcasurc in: | creasing tho number of those Avho breathe ce your destruction, and moA'conly to destroy f Let not your Protestantism degenerate i: BACHELOR OF AlVK || Paddington. 