J, JOI'TINGS, BY IDLER. There isebLe it be a complete mania among 1 newspaper scribes just at present for hitting 1 rard the·irl': and m.an of the period. impu- ] dent"thinis ire said about the style of their , air,?their 'weariing apparel, and other matters which. cnc ern. no one but the parties who are , guilty of' what are said to be absurdities in dre'ss I deny that the present costume is au a:isurinty ... l.ceny that the ladies' hair is less tastefully arranged, now., than it was in the days of our grandmothers ; that their diminu tiv e bdinnets are more repulsive llthan the hor rtble civil scuttle things Which did not give 1 the;wow:wr of a'fairfice si chance; and that the.'possessor of a pretty little foot and an clegasit ankle should consider it wrong to let , thme? be seen. I do not admire limps or bends such as some young ladies practise with a .view, to effect, but I do like the way in which a girl of thie period of some taste gets t lierself'ip. I amu of opinion that the modern geutlemuan has also been badly used. What if lie !does wear a cut- away coat and tight tidtis~, iand sticks his hat somewhat jauntily 1 ?i?ii hsl ad 7 HeI looke better in that style tl'ln if.he wore ia frill of the John Thol.mas Smith kind, a hat like Sir James Palmer's, arida- cont' such' as that which adorns the bt'oed shoulders of Hugh Glass. I notice in til, :list iimber of a religious periodical pub lished in Melbourne that " a humble labourer iti'the'vineyard of the Lord" thinks that in i thei nimtter of dress there should be " a visible distinction, such as could be understood by all, between the children of light and the children of darknress." There is nothing to li.evetit the "humble labourer" and friends lioiu doing just. as they please; but the idea of inmembers of the church wearing a uniform is toi my' nind ridiculous in the highest cegre'e Iitagiile ni order being placed ou-° tlhe doodr of the church on Sunday " white chokers to-day, black on Monday. Sisters will: wear dark shawls arid large bonnets throughout the week !" This would be es tablishing in the church discipline such as prevails on board a iaval training ship where the ,llicers have to decide when the boys shall wear blue pants and then white ones. I have been given to understand that my remarks about the rowing club were regarded as offensive by the gentlemen to whom they referied. I aii very sorry if such is the case, because I simply gave expressiou to an opinion which is entertained by many per sons that the challenge given to tie Mel bourne crew was not such as they could be expected to accept. I know the: men who were namied to pull in the Williamustown •boat, and I am not altogether unacquainted with the Melbourne rowers, and from my k'nwledge of them I have no hesitation in saying that on the Upper Yarra from bridge to bridge our local men would not stand a ghost of a chance, whereas in water below 'Footscray, where a regatta is never held now anud in which the Melbournites have pulled perhaps only once or twice in their lives, the Williamstonians would receive .an immense advaiitage. The interesting little fight between Power and Irons is, I hope, nearly ended. They citll each other hard names, accuse each other 'of bribery, and exchange sundry other pleasan .tries;.but- so far as I can see they have neither aflorled the readers of the Chronicle iany edification nor come anly nearer ia settle Iment than swhen they comtuenced to write. \Mr Irons says " You're So-and-so ;" Mr SPower says " You're another ;" and thin they abuse e ch other for talking Billings gate. Irons'says Power can't quote Shakes peare correctly; Power says Irons doesn't know French. Irons alleges that he knows something bad about Power which he will not'divulge ; Power challenges h?im to naume the matter, and pledges himuself to forget flor the timue that Ihere is such a thing as a Libel Act. This is all very well in its way and ni:y be somewhat amusing, but these two gentlemeni in their eagerness to abuse each other seems to have forgotten the principal point, viz, why will not Mr Irons allow Mr Power to enter his quarry ? My own opinion is that since I1r Power has defied IMr Irons to say anything bad about him, the Iatter gentleman ought to enlighten us. But per haps he is reserving his information for his last letter, so that the coup de grace, as lihe would term it, may be the mioie complete and effectual. • I have a friend who affects the sporting business. He knows or pretends lie knows all alout a horse. By looking at the ani ital's front teeth lie will tell you with a posi tiveiiess that is charming, how many springs havel passed over the noble quadruped's head. Like all the men of this class he ever exhibitss an innocent readiness to take you into his contidciice and with delightfuil sint plicity puts you up to the very best sand quickest method of making a" fortune. I admire his ciandouir, but having been bitten two or three times in consequence of accept ing his advice, I was inclined to :ondemn Ihis judgment, haid he not shown tun ig the nmost conclusive manner that if a most un-i looked-for accident h-ad not occurred, thiei horse he named eIust have won in a canteri I I call himi " Pi! ," and he complacently ae cepts that musical appellation. - "Pip," said I a few days ago, " my vener able friend, can you give nme a good thing about these Williamstown races I" He smiled knowingly, but in that quiet I way which is so peculiarly his own, he merely uttered the word " Rather.'" " Thou better than Delphian oracle, pro nounce, I beseech of thee, immediate judg ment on the Tradesman's Purse." The friend of my merry boyhood's days coolly sipped his sherry, then looking mei straight in the face delivered himself of an emphatic " Cripple." " Thou ancient watcher over my happy infancy," I solemnly continued, "let thy thoughts grapple with the Mayor's Cup and give thy tongue free speech." A dignified " Kitty" was all the response. I inquired politely after Lady Ann, but a mysterious shake of Pip's head was the only answer. I thought Pip's friendship for me would have induced him to unbosom him self a little more than this, bit I restrained my indignation and calmly asked who was to be at the extreme end of the race, or, as sporting men term it, at the "tail." This time Pip actually refused to say a word, bat from his manly throat there issued such a gutteral sound as only a healthy Cihoctaw Indian could imitate, while at the same time he pointed in the direction of North Wil liamstown. 1 Providence and Professor Hel ler only know what lie meant : I'm sure I have not the remotest idea. Pip and I were about to quarrel, for I thought he had not treated me respectfully, when lie loosened -his jaws and shouted brandy and cigars, which set matters right again. There dwelt on one occasion in the land of siroccos and sunstrokcs, among Sahara's Iburning sands, surrounded by followers as black as himself, a sable monarch who, ac cording to MIungo Park and other eminent travellers, lived on wild herbs and white men. A canny Scotchmian-you find this article even in Salhara-was to be served up for Monday's dinner when lie humbly craved permission oni the condition that his life was spared to prepare for His Cannibal M\lajesty, a dish superior to the tenderest bit of roast man lie had ever tasted. The permission was granted, the material was produced, the Scot set to work and by night time tlis king within his spacious tent lay groaning fiom an overcharge of porridge. After this memorable day large importations of oatmeal took place from Caledonia, and ultimately His Majesty a legitimate descend ant of Mumby Jumbo, went mad about the food, and in answer to all the questions of his friends lie would blankly answer " Por ridge." Of course I have not related this historical anecdote without intending to in sinuate a comparison. Something like the royal party I have referred to, is a member of a certain conmmittee who once a week abuse each other in a room in the neighbour hood of the Williamstown Mechanics' Insti tute. Some mischievous fellow made this commnittee-man believe that the latter could speak six consecutive sentences correctly, in consequeluce. of which the poor fellow coin meuced to make speeches, and then to find fault with his colleagues. Finding fault was so easy and lie liked it so well that be incrcased his abuse crery week, and now lie is a downright nuisance, and stands a great chance of becoming a confirmed nma niac unless the commnittee-meetings are held nionthly instead of weekly. I should not have alluded to the sulbject, but that I wished to show the misguided manu that it is possible to err like the African monarch by taking or giving too much of a good thing, whether it be porridge or abuse or anything else. 