GENERAL NEWS, Dr. T. Young Cotter, now of Glenelg, has been appointed medical officer at Port' Augusta vice Dr. Ellison, resigned. 'The Government have appointed Mr. G. McEwin, of Glen Ewin, and R. Smith, of O'Halloran Hill, nominated members of the" Central Road Board. The following members of the Hospital Board have been reappointed:—Drs. Wyatt, Mayo, Phillips, Whittell, and Spicer, and Messrs. Townsend, M.P., Hay, M.P., and N. Blyth, M.P. Drs. Forster and Clendinning have also been appointed in place of Drs. Moore and Goss, resigned. On Tuesday evening, about 9 o'clock, a heavy rush of water came down the North Para, sweeping away three footbridges about Gawler, and reaching to within six feet of the iron girders of the new bridge. Nothing like a flood came down the South Para, but the backwater from the other river overflowed its banks, and almost touched the gasworks. Such a flooding has not been experienced at Gawler for many years. The following is the register of the rainfall posted up at the Telegraph Office on Wednesday morning, January 26, from 9 a.m. yesterday to 9 a.m. this morning:— Strathalbyn ... 2.245 Willunga ... 1.430 Normanville ... 1.295 Port Elliot I... 1.535 Goolwa ... 1.450 McGrath's Flat 3.310 Robe Town ... 0140 Mount Gambier 0.910 Penola... ... 2.320 Narracoorte ... 1.260 Wentworth ... 2.975 Adelaide ... 2.250 Gawler... ... 0.850 Tanunda . ... 2.620 Blanche town... 1.030 Kapunda ... 2.410 Auburn ... 1.300 Wallaroo ... 0.510 Clare ... ... 0.950. Burra ... ... -1.680 Melrose . ... 5.780 Port Augusta... 1.495 Mount Barker 1.745 Such a soaking rain within so few hours is almost without parallel in the colony. To form an idea of its effect on the soil, one need only remember that two inches represents a gallon of water to each square foot of ground. The Rev. Mr. Hurst, President of the Wesleyan Conference, will deliver his official sermon to the Conference, in Pirie-street Wes leyan Chapel, this evening. In our account published in Monday's issue, of the Onkaparinga gold-fields, we re ferred to Mr. Townsend's claim at the junction of a small creek and the river, not far from the Wheatsheaf. We have since heard that the washdirt is proving very rich in gold, judging by a few dishfuls that have been tried. On Monday, as Mr. Edwards, of the Reedbeds, was proceeding homeward in a cart he was unfortunately thrown from it, by which means his leg was broken above the ankle and the ankle itself dislocated. Dr. Todman was immediately sent for and attended the patient, who is upwards of-60 years of age. A concert will be given this evening in White's Rooms, as a complimentary benefit to Mr. S. Edwards, whose services have been wil lingly given on many occasions in aid of chari- table objects. The programme, which will be found in another column, contains a choice selection of music, which will be discoursed by well-known professionals and amateurs. It will be seen by an advertisement in our business columns that the Fibre Work3 on Lefevre's Peninsula are in the market, the present proprietor requiring more means to carry on the enterprise. The machinery is said to be in good working order, and this is a favorable opportunity for some spirited capi talist to invest in a new and promising in dustry, Mr. Thos. F. Loutit informs us that on the 24th inst., he purchased an ounce of gold from a digger, who stated that he had hammered it out of a piece of stone the size of his fist that he found on the surface of a hill in the neighborhood of the Mount Pleasant Dig gings. The gold is rough, one piece of it weigh ing 11 dwt. It is very unlike the South Rhine specimens, and is evidently from white quartz. On Tuesday evening Weston &Hussey;'s Minstrels repeated their entertainments at the Theatre Royal with continued success. The touching story of Tobias and Biancus was as much enjoyed as ever; the Golden Shoe Dance again called forth vociferous applause, and the various vocal and instrumental performances were received with hearty plaudits. The amusing farce of "The Ghost in the Pawn broker's Shop" was greatly relished, and con cluded the programme at a rational hour. Some amusement was excited on 'Change on Tuesday by an election gathering, improvised by the irrepressible Watty Thom son, who meeting Dr. Spicer on the " Flags," put him through, or endeavored to put him through, a severe catechetical examination, to the great delight of a somewhat mixed au dience, who, attracted by the energy of Mr. Thomson's manner, collected on the spot. What effect these somewhat informal proceed ings will have upon the election in general, or Mr. Thomson's vote in particular, we are not in a position to state. The following is the register of tha rainfall from 9 a.m. on the 24th to the same hour on the 25 th, posted up at the Telegraph Office on Tuesday:— Adelaide ... 0.015 Gawler ... 0.410 Auburn ... 0.400 Wallaroo ... 0.729 Clare 0.240 Burra 0.320 Melroso ... 0.430 Port Augusta... 0.190 Mount Barker 0.180 Strathalbyn ... 0.088 Willunga ... 0.030 Normanville ... 0.065 Robe Town ... 2.060 Mount Gambier 3.250 Penola... ... 2.120 Narracoorte ... 0.320 Portland (Vic.) 3.340 Cape Otway ... 0.940 Within the last few days specimens of a new process of reproducing oil color paintings termed Oleographs have been exhibited at the rooms of the South Australian Society of Aits. They are exceedingly beautiful copies of paints ings by celebrated Italian masters, and are well worth a visit. The six exhibited are— No. 1, "First Devotions," byF. Buzzi; No. 2, "Ugo and Parasina," by R. Guiliano; No. 3, " Visit to the Tomb of Romeo and Juliet," by T. Cre mora; No. 4, "Adieu to Mother," by R. Miches; No. 5, "Faust and Margaritta," by F. Guiliano; No. 6, " First Lesson in Riding," by F. Buzzi.. They are confided to the Society for exhibition by Mr. E. S. Wigg, of Rundle-street. In our advertising columns will be found an advertisement announcing the closing of the Exhibition of the Society. of Arts on Thursday next. His Excellency has consented to preside at the presentation of prizes to artists, which being followed by the distribu tion, of prizes to subscribers, will no doubt prove a very interesting meeting. Some valuable additions have been made to the exhibition within these few days. The exhibi tion, through being held at the Town Hall Buildings, has been rendered more accessible to the public than usual, and has, in consequence, been more numerously attended, but the cost to the Society ha3 been much increased by the change. In anticipation of increased support the Society has incurred a large extra expendi ture, and we regret to learn that the number of subscribers has not, as yet, been commensurate with the additional cost incurred, and we cordially trust that all those who wish to encourage art in the colony will lose no time in communicating with the Hon. Secretary, tickets being obtainable until within a few hours of the Art Union drawing. 