LOCAL ITEMS. St. Mary's Dominican Convent, Frank lin Street. — On Sunday, March 6th, the foundation-stone of a new Dormitory, about to he added to the Dominican Convont. Eranklin- street, was laid. At 3 o'clock, the ceremony, which was in accordance with the Roman Ritual, was commenced by the V ery Rev. John Smyth, V.G., assisted by tbe Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods, and the Rev. Father Roche. In the cavity under the stone was placed a bottle, containing a copy |of the Irish Harp, the current coins of the realm, and the following document : — " Lapidem is turn primarium Scholar inn Dominicarum, dominica I. Quadragessimse, die. vi„ Martii, 1870, xxiv. Anno Pontificatus, D. M". Papse Pii IX. ; L. B. Shiel, Cathedram Adelaiden- sem occupante-nune vero Concilii Generahs ratione Roma'absente ; familise S. Dominici hac in Civitate Priorissft Teresa Moore ; Victoria I., Brittaniarum Regina feliciter regnante Australia) meridionalis provin- ciam Jacobo Fergus son, equite procu- rante, Admodum Rev. Johannes Smyth, Vacarius Generalis Adelaidensis ; Magna Eidelium Multitudine Circumstante ; feliciter in Domino Posnit." After the stone was laid the people adjourned to the schoolroom of the Convent, where a very eloquent and appropriate sermon was preached by the Very Rev. J. Smyth, V.G., who took his text from Gospel of St. Matthew, xxviii. c., 19 and 20 v. " Going, therefore, teach ye all nations ; baptising in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things what soever I have commanded yon ; and lo ! I am with you all days, even to tho consum mation of the world." In the course of his remarks Father Smyth drew the attention of his hearers to the fact that teaching is the special office of the Church, and that there fore those who were engaged in it should he looked upon as coadjutors of the clergy. He congratulated the diocese upon having such a school as that taught by the Dominican Huns — a school where the highest branches of secular education were taught and combined with religious instruction. He reminded his hearers of the last Christmas examination, when although the school had only been opened eight months, those who had the privilege of being present were wit nesses of an exhibition which could not be equalled by any other educational establish ment in the colony. This was a matter for sincere and earnest thankfulness, and he hoped that the noble efforts of the Domini can Huns on behalf of their children would always he appreciated by tbe Catholics of Adelaide. He also referred in complimentary terms to the labors of the Sisters of St. Joseph in the cause of education. After the address a collection was made, which amounted to about £31 17s. 6d. The build ing, which is of a Gothic design, will be 11 fset long by 16 feet six inches wide in the clear, and 22 feet six inches high. The architects are Messrs. Wright, Woods, and Hamilton, and the builders 'Messrs. Bennett and Giddings, who have taken the contract at £311. The Hon. H. Kent Hughes. — Wc arc authorised to state that this gentleman does not intend " again to seek the honor of repre senting in Parliament" the South-Eastern. District. — Mount Gambier Standard. Gaslight for Mount Gambier. — We believe that one of the Companies intend to establish local gasworks here at no very distant period. — Ibid. Barossa Diggings. — The new crusher began work again on Thursday after being repaired. It appears to work well now. The dam is very low and falling fast. Britcher's also is in want of a good rain-fall, and there is plenty of cement for crushing, which renders the want of water doubly a cause of regret. Some quartz from Watson's reef was crushedat Britcher's machine, hut proved a failure, not yielding more than a penny weight to the ton. About five tons of cement from Stewart's prospecting claim was also crushed there, the whole yielding only an ounce, hut the parties purpose giving it another trial. The diggers are busy sinking on Dead- Man's Lead, hut I have not heard of any one bottoming this week. Sinking still continues at Hamlin's Hill, and very good prospects have presented themselves.— Gawler Bunyip. Electioneering. — Our space this week is so preoccupied that we have only room to mention that Mr. John Knowles, of Gawler, has been invited to stand for Light, and it is expected that he will accept the call. A re quisition is in course of signature in Yatala, urging Mr. Glyde to continue a candidate, and one is in operation throughout Stanley inviting in very expressive language the Attorney-General to offer himself for Stanley. It is worthy of notice that this requisition to Mr. Strangways received no less than seventy signatures of electors at Mr. Roe's sale at Mallalla on Tuesday. It is understood that the hon. and learned gentleman considers his old West Torrens constituency as having a prior claim on him ; hut, in the present instance, as Stanley was the first to intimate its wish to him, it is thought to have the first noiu on mm. rn ine event 01 tne Attorney- General coming forward for Stanley it is becoming evident that Bright, of whom the district has evidently become heartily tired, owing to his inordinate hankerings after office in Parliament, and his doings and dealings out of it, will not have a ghost of a chance. The requisition to the Attorney-General, it will be seen from our advertising columns, lies at our office for signatures. — Ibid. Pegging Out on the Border. — A Mount Gambier gentleman who has just returned from the neighbouring colony informs us that the " pegging out" of land on our Border has been carried out in a most industrious manner — so much so, indeed, that a large number of the pegs bear the date of 1st February, the very day on which the Act be came law. Over -2,000 acres bave been taken up around Lake Monday, 011 Kilbride station, most of it by Penola people. Kaladbro, on the Victorian side, has also been pegged out in like manner. — Border Watch. Still They Go. — Sixteen families are said to bave passed through Marracoorte 011 Saturday last on their way to Victoria in sea-icli of land, und 17 more were said to he within a day or two's journey, bound for the same place and having the same object in view. — Ibid. West Adelaide Electoral Roll. — We are informed that under the provisions of the Electoral Act, the Electoral Rolls for East Adelaide and West Adelaide, are deposited at the Town Hall, and may be inspected during office horns until the day of Election, which is fixed for the 28th instant. Catholic Picnic.— "We understand that preparations are being made by the Catholics of Adelaide, for their annual Picnic on Easter Monday. The Rev. Chas. Van der IIeyden. — We are requested to inform our readers that this gentleman has removed from Riverton, and is now living in the new presbytery at Marrabel, recently erected by the Catholics of the district. The Hon. T. Reylolds. — We under stand that the Hon. Thos. Reynolds has announced his intention of not offering him self to the electors of East Adelaide again, and that he will now retire from political life. From opinions which have been pretty freely expressed, it seems that the public generally do not seem disposed to regard his retirement as an irretrievable misfortune. South Australian Beneft Society. — The Annual District Meeting was held in St. Francis Xavier's Hall. 011 Tuesday evening, February 22nd, 18v0. Present — Chairman, Mr. M. O'Dca ; Vice-Chairman, Mr. E. Merrigan ; District Secretary, Mr. J. Kemp Penney ; Delegates — Parent Society, J. Mettle, Jno. Stapleton, R. McGee; Clare, P. Martin ; Gawler, M. Hynes ; Marrabel, T. Murphy ; Virginia. Jos. McEvoy ; Mintaro, J. J. Cronin. The Secretary read the balance sheet as follows : — Loans on mort gage, £387 ; account in Bank and Treasurer's hands, £112 17s. 6d. ; receipts this half year, £182 15s. ; total, £680 2s. 6d. The disburse ments have been £109 7s. 6d. ; which leaves a balance in the Bank and Treasurer's hands of, £183 15s. ; and loans on mort gage, £387 ; total, £680 2s. 6d. Resolved, that the balance-sheet and Auditors report be received and adopted. Election of District Officers — Mr. Stapleton was de clared District Chairman, M. Walsh, Vice- Chairman, J. Kemp Penney, District Secre tary, M. Walsh, District Treasurer, and T. Murphy and J. J. Cronin, District Auditors. Resolved, that 10s. be allowed the Auditors for District Audit ; District Treasurer's salary, £5. R esolved, that the salary of the District Secretary be £10 per year, instead of £5 as heretofore. Resolved, that the allowance to the District Officers he 15s. per day travelling expenses, and that 9d. per mile he allowed for every mile from Adelaide to the place where the Branches are opened. Resolved, that the Mintaro Branch he allowed the sum of £6 19s., paid in error in district returns. Resolved, that any Branch may choose an honorary member to represent them as Delegate. Resolved, that the ensuing levies he 3s. per member. Resolved, in re an appeal from a member of the Kapunda Branch— That the same he referred to the Kapunda Branch, to be brought forward at the next District Meeting. Be McPhdlemey —That the amount he paid to the Attorney, the Very Rev. Y.G. Be Clare Branch- That £5 be voted to assist the members, and that no levies be required for six months. Re Marrabel Branch — Referred to District Officers. Resolved that the Secretary's account for postage be paid, £2 10s. 5d, Gawler Branch — The Delegate gave notice that at the next District Meeting he will move that the sum paid in excess to the District Fund be refunded to the Gawler Branch as returns from the founders. Trustees report. — To the Chairman and Dele gates of the South Australian Benefit Society. Gentlemen — We, your Trustees, beg to report that we have examined the hooks ancf accounts of the District for the past half-year, and have much pleasure iu certifying them correct. Your Trustees have only to refer to the balance-sheet to show the progress made by the Society. Your trustees beg also to report that the deeds are in the deed box of the Society, with the exception of two which are in the hands of the Solicitor J? ii. ii 1 1 01 me society, tne borrowers being allowed I a renewal of their loans. Wishing the Society continued prosperity, we remain gentlemen, yours respectfully, on behalf of the trustees, J. J. Cronin, E. Merrigan. The abstract of return of members shows that there are 402 subscribing members, and 10 hon. members — total, 412 — and that the total worth of the District funds amount to to £582 4s. 6d., and taking into consideration the monies held by the various branches, the Society is in a flourishing condition. The District Officers intend if possible to extend the Society's operations by establishing Branches in the South and South-east. Vie wish the Society every success. Errata. — In our report of the late bazaar in aid of S. Laurence's Church, we regret to find that there were two inaccuracies. Among the names of the ladies who had charge of Mo. 3 stall, Miss McCarron's name should have appeared in place of Miss McConnor ; and in the description of articles the handsome chair in raised wool which was represented as having been given by Miss Mearra, should have been described as the gift of Miss McCarron, which was raffled for by 141 members. HtTT CC A T\Trn-nrnrr.-nrs,r.'J T i — — tele J:\\_ju V a JJATJLJN . AAilO WliLgL as we do, that the Editor of the Advertiser is a tolerably good Latin scholar, we cannot refrain from expressing our surprise that such a report as that of St. Mary's Domi nican Convent should have been permitted to appear in Tuesday's Adv-rtiser. In almost every line of the inscription there is an error either in the spelling or the punctuation. Thus, School arum appears for Scholarum in the first line. In the second line there is a semi colon between dominica and prima, the sub stantive and adjective. After Her Majesty's -U.aii.lt/ IJLLu Y\\(JJLU_b \> JliOli chjjpucll ILL Lllu original document, feliciter regnante are altogether omitted. For Australiae meri dionalis appears Australiae meridivantes, what ever that may mean. And to crown all, Sir James Fergusson is described as a beggar, by substituting the word egente for equite. We hope that the Editor of the Advertiser will see the advisability of correcting bis version of the inscription before inserting it in the Monthly Summary, as we should not like our friends in England to suppose that the Catholics of South Australia are so dis loyal as to describe Her Majesty's represen tative in an official document of this kind as a beggar. Mr. J. Hart, M.P., has intimated his willingness to represent the Port District in the next Parliament. The Hon. H. K. Hughes is on the Peninsula, it is understood, with a view to the coming campaign. Mr. J. Dunn, jun., intimates that if he considered it probable that he would receive support on the Peninsula he also will stand, so would Mr. W. Quinn, For West Adelaide, Mr. H. Gleeson is being asked to stand. The Hon. Thos. Reynolds does not intend to seek Par liamentary honors. Mr. J. G. Daly seems to have walked into tlic affections of the electors for Light ; and Mr. Simms has left the colony on a visit to England, — Wallaroo 7 imes. Amidst the recent discussion as to sanitary affairs in the township of the Moonta Mine, one fact has crept to the surface, the existence of which we have long suspected, hut have been unable to bring forward any positive proof to substantiate. We allude to the increase that has evidently taken place in the population resident on Yorke's Peninsula. As will be seen elsewhere, the Curator of the Moonta Cemetary estimates the population using the cemetery at 10,000 souls. Dr. Herbert estimates the population on the mines under the care of himself and Dr. Geyer, at 6,000 — a calculation which, in the main, agrees with the Curator's. IP this be so, as tbe Wallaroo Mines employ nearly as many bands as the Moonta, we are warranted in estimating that the population in the Wallaroo and adjacent mines, with that of Kadina and Port Wallaroo, cannot be much less than another 10,000. If this he correct, and it entirely harmonises with the result of our previous observations and calculations — the population on the Peninsula is multi plying in a far greater ratio than anywhere else in the colony. In many districts there is every reason for supposing that the number of the noDulation. if not stationarv. is de- clining.— -Ibid. x UBLIC ATION S JttECEIVED.— VV C Deg tO acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the " General Laws of the South Australian Benefit Society." We have not been able to give them more than a cursory perusal, hut they seem to have been very carefully prepared ; and we have no noubt that they will materially contribute to the promotion of the objects of the Society, The South-East. — The Mount Gambier Standard , of March 8th, says:— "We feel sure that very general regret will be felt at the announcement we make — that Mr. Biddocli has decided not to offer himself for re-election for the representation of Yictoria ; and that Mr. Stow has by letter ratified, the telegram we published in a former issue, in which he stated that business engagements prevented his acceptance of electoral honors. We believe that Mr. West's friends are still busily at work on his behalf, with a fair prospect of success ; and we have heard from a source upon which we can rely, that Mr. Conner, of Narracoorte, proposes to offer his ..services to the electors. Besides these an nouncements, a number of names have been ' mentioned,' inclusive of that of our former Stipendiary Magistrate, Mr. J. C.Lyon, Mr. Adam Smith, of Broaclmeadows, Hon. T. Reynolds, and Mr. Glyde. More recently still, the name of Mr. Arthur Blyth — a man of good position, and possessed of consider able political influence — has been suggested, to the obvious satisfaction of some of our leading men. We observe that a political meeting has been called for Thursday after noon, when probably something more definite may develop itself. The Stub t. — A requisition has been received by Mr. Townsend, asking him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for the representation of the Sturt district, to which Mr. Townsend has signified his assent. Obituary Notice. — We regret to have to record the decease of one whose name has for many years past been familiar to members of our body throughout the colony — Mr. Luke Murphy — who died at his residence in Archer- street, North Adelaide, on Saturday evening last. He was a member of the Municipal Council for four years, but he chiefly distinguished himself by his quiet and unostentatious liberality towards Catholic institutions. His funeral obsequies took place on Tuesday morning, when his remains were conveyed to S. Laurence's Church, where a Bequiem Mass was celebrated for the repose of his soul, the Bev. Father Woods being Celebrant, the Bev. M. Ken nedy Deacon, and the Bev. J. Boche Sub- Deacon ; the Yen. Archdeacon Bussell offici ated as Master of Ceremonies. After Mass, the Vicar-General preached an eloquent and appropriate funeral sermon. There were also present the following clergymen — the Bev. C. A. Beynolds, the Bev. Joseph Polk, S.J., the Bev. E. Byrne, the Bev. T. Murphy, the Bev. P. Hughes, and the Bev. Father McClusky. At 3 o'clock the body was con veyed to the West-terrace Cemetery, followed by a large concourse of friends and acquaint ances of the deceased. The Yery Bev. the Yicar-General conducted the seivice at the grave, assisted by the clergy above-mentioned. Among the charitable bequests of the deceased gentleman are— £100 to the Catholic Orphan age, £"50 to S. Ignatius's Church, Norwood, and £50 to S. Joseph's Poor Schools. West Adelaide. — It will be seen from a notice in our advertising columns that Mr. P. B. Coglin, in answer to a numerously-signed requi sition, has consented to stand for West Adelaide. We understand that he has also received requi sitions from the Stanley and Light Districts. Land Reform League. — A meeting was held at the office of Mr. Cawthorne for the pur- ' pose of forming a Land League, and the fol lowing principles agreed tc — 1, Abolition of the present system of sale by auction ; 2, free selec tion before survey ; 3, bona fide occupation ; 4, maximum area, 640 acres ; price, 5s. per acre cash, or deferred payment at Is. 6d. per acre for five years. A General and Sub-Committee were formed, and a determination expressed to place the proposed reform fully before the public. — Advertiser . "Beg-ister" Inaccuracies. — In Tuesday's Register there appeared the following paragraph — " Oil Painting — In the window of the Catholic Book Depot is to be seen a fine painting, ' Blessed Peter Claver preaching to the negroes," .the principal figure being that of a young Jesuit who went to the coast of Africa as a missionary some years ago.5 We beg to inform the Register that the Blessed Peter Claver did not go to the coast of Africa as a missionary, but to South America, where he labored amongst the slaves who had bepn brought from Africa. There is no record of his ever been in Africa. There is also an inaccuracy with regard to the date. Blessed Peter Claver lived in the seventeenth century, 200 years ago, not 40 only, as represented by the Reaister. St. Patrick's Day. — Although tlic fact of the Feast of St. Patrick always falling during the season of Lent operates in some measure as a check upon the festive celebration of it, it will be seen by notices in our advertising columns that our Irish Catholic friends are not disposed to let the day which is dedicated to the patron saint of Ireland pass by without some commemoration of it. At the Paradise Hotel there willbe an amateur concert, with a lecture by the Vicar- General on the " Siege of Rome in 1848." The proceeds of the entertainment will be devoted to the funds of the Hector ville Church. On the same evening an entertainment will be given in St. Francis Navier's Hall, when Father Woods will give a lecture upon the " Life of St. Patrick.5' Land Sales. — We have been informed by a farmer from Saddleworth that at a meeting of the Burra electors held at Saddleworth on Tuesday evening last, a resolution was passed that a petition should be signed against any sales Of Crown lands till the land question had been settled by the next Parliament. Gumeracha District. — During tbe past week two important meetings have been held in the Gumeracha District, at one of which Mr. Ebenezer Ward attended as a candidate. He expressed himself in favor of free selection of land at a reduced price, but from the proceed ings of the two meetings it would seem that there is a certain clique in that district deter mined to oppose Mr. Ward on purely personal grounds. Mr. Bobertson, in particular, distin guished himself by the gross personal nature of his remarks. It apjiears he is one of those who regard the possession of wealth as the sutnmum bonum of all virtues, and .the most essential qualification of a member of Par liament. However, experience amply proves what we have before shown, that propertied men can he as selfish and as eager in the pursuits of their own private interests as those whom they dub political adventurers. We have no personal knowledge of Mr. Ward, and therefore are not biassed in his favor ; hut we certainly think that at the meeting held in Gumeracha he was not treated either fairly or honorably by those who, though probably pos sessed of a much larger amount of wealth, in point of talent and education are immeasur ably his inferiors. Bottled Beer. — It willbe seen by a notice in our advertising columns that the business lately carried on by Simms & Chapman has been taken by Mr. T. Ryan. 