[?] An English parish, clerk is generally an im ; portant functionary. He is half an ecclesias tical officer, and in his own opinion, at least,!*8 a pillar of the Church. It is quite true that the advance of civilization and education has robbed off some of the peculiarities which used to distinguish the parish clerk, bnt there are parishes in , the - remoter districts of England in which the -species, with its most marked peculiarities, is still 1 to be found. Such an one must have been the writer of the subjoined letter. It is the finest specimen of cringing servility, unctuous pious talk, and shrewd worldly ?wisdom that we nave met with for a long time, 'G-. G.' must be a lineal descendant of Dr. Arbuthnot's VP. P.,' that memorable parish clerk, over whose happy memoirs our great grandfathers used to laugh :— The Whitehaven Herald publishes the follow ing letter, which it says was actually sent to his incumbent by the clerk of a parish in the diocese of York, under circumstances which are . sufficiently suggestive in the document : — ; . Dear Rev. Sir— I avail myself of the oppor tunity of troubling your honor with these blun dered-up lines, -which I hope you will excuse, which is the very 'sentiments. of your humble servant's heart. I ignorantly, rashly, but re luctantly gave -warning to leave your highly respectable office and -most, amiable duty — of your most well-wished parish and place of my succor and support. But, dear sir, I well know it was no fault of yours nor from any of my most worthy parishioners. It was because I thought I were not. sufficiently paid for the in terment of the silent dead. But will I be Judas and leave the house of my God, the place where His Honor dwelleth, for a few pieces of silver? No! Will I be Peter, and deny myself of an office in His sanctuary, and cause me to weep bitterly ? No ! Can I be so unreasonable as to deny to ring the solemn toll that speaks the departure of a soul? £So ! Can I leave digging the tombs of my neighbors and acquaintances, which have many a time made me to shudder and think of my mortality when I dig up the remains of some as I well knew ? No ! And can I so abruptly for sake the service of my beloved church, of which I have not failed to attend every Sunday for these seven a-ad a half years, save one ? No ! Can 1 leave waiting upon you as a minister of . that Being that sitteth between the cherubim, and that sitteth upon the wings of the -wind? No ! Can I leave the place' whereounnost holy service nobly calls forth and says — and. I being a married man—' Let no man put asunder?' No 1 And can I leave that, .ordinance, where , you say ' Thus ; and thus 1 baptise 'thee in the name' of the'Father, Son, . and Holy Ghost, and became regenerated and grafted into the body of Christ Jesus?' No 1 Can I think of leaving off cleaning the house of God in which I: take' such & delight, in looking down her aisles and beholding the sanctuary of the table of the Lord? No! Andean. I forsake taking- a part in the thanksgiving of women after childbirth, when my own wife .has been . delivered these ten times? No! And can I leave off waiting on the congregation, of the tdrd,' which you well know,' sir, is my delight ? No! And can I forsake the table of the Lord, at which I have feasted. for, I should suppose, full thirty times?; No! And, dear sir, can I ever forsake you, who hive ever been so kind to me? No! And I well 'know you will not entreat me to leave, nor return from following after you, for where you pray there will I pray, where you worship there will -I -worship ; your church shall be my church, your people my people, -and your God my God. By the waters of Babylon am I to sit down and weep, and leave thee and my church, and hang my harp upon the trees that grow therein? No! 'One thing have I de sired of the Lord which I will require, even that t may dwell in the House of the Lord for ever, to behold the fair beauty of the Lord, and to visit His temple ; more to be desired by me than gold — yea, ;than much fine gold ; sweeter to me than honey or the honeycomb.' Now, Sir, this is the very desire of my heart to wait upon you, which I hope you will find to be my delight, which hitherto has been, but I unthinkingly and rashly said I should no longer, for which, I: have roared for the very dis quielness of my heart. Now, if you think me worthy to wait upon you, please tell the Churchwardens all is reconciled ; and if not, I will get me away into the wilderness and hide me in the desert in the clefts of the rock. But I still hope to be your Gehazi, and when I meet my Shunamite say, 'AUiswelL' And I will conclude my blunders with my oft-repeated prayer — 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, *nd to the Holy Ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.' Now, Sir, I shall go on with my fees the same as I found them, and will make no more trouble about them ; but I will not — I cannot— leave you nor my delightful duties. Your most obedient servant, . ? ? G. G. 