THURSDAY, AUGUST l8, 1870. Tlic letter of Mr. Charles E. Glass, which we published on Monday, we have admitted to our columns, not on account of any merit we could discern in it, but to let the public hear what it is possible to say on the Franciscan side of the Conference controversy. Mr. Glass is undoubtedly a very suitable defender of Mr. Francis. The Treasurer has evidently been his Mentor; and after long study Mr. Glass is able to imitate the style and employ the voca- bulary of his master. In his letter will be found the same lofty supe- riority to grammar, the same startling use of words, the same bewildering and incomprehensible sentences, which those who have been compelled to listen to the speeches of Mr. Francis know so well. Indeed, so successful has Mr. C. E. Glass been in this particular effort that his letter is like a four hours' oration of the Treasurer on finance. Those who liave read the one or have listened to the other cannot fail to end their task in a chaotic state of mind ; for both re- semble nothing so much as the condition of the universe at that particular stage of the creation when " the earth was " without form and void, and darkness " was upon the face" of it. And what has Mr. C. E. Glass to say? "The task of assimilating-to " the satisfaction of all concerned-the " customs duties of the Australian " colonies is by no means an easy one." Surely it needed " no ghost come from " the grave to tell us that." If it had been seriously contended by any ono that the task was an easy ono we could havo perceived the force of this opening remark, but, as every one has admitted it to be difficult, why should we be op- pressed with this piece of " Commonplace And vacant chaff, well meant for graiu" ? Mr. Glass at first appears to be per- plexed at the insertion in' the Constitu- tion Acts of these colonies of that clause which prohibits the imposition of differential duties, and he asks why was " such an obnoxious clause " in- serted at all? But apparently the curiosity of our correspondent brings with it enlightenment, for ho at once answers it in a sentence worthy of Mr. Francis himself. "To this the reply " is, obviously, that in giving represen " tatioD, taxation had to go with it, " or the still greater objection would " have remained of ' taxation without " ' representation.' " We assure our readers that these are the ipsissima verla of our correspondent ; we have taken no liberty with either him or them. Why lie did not give in answer to his ques- tion about this obnoxious clause, a sentence from " Artemus Ward " among the Mormons or a passage from Lothair, wo cannot say; but we are euro that any passage taken at random from either would have conveyed just as clear an idea of his meaning as the words he actually employed. For what has the famous maxim of Lord Chatham about the intimate re lation of representation and taxation to do with, tlio prohibition of differential duties 1 Every one acquainted with the history of these Australian constitutions, knows that each colony was prohi- bited from Imposing duties on the pro- duce of one country unless the like duties ?were levied on similar produce from all other countries, in ordor that faith might be kept with foreign countries to which the Imperial Government was bound by treaty. "Whether, having sanctioned the violation of the provision in the case of Canada, the Imperial Government could or would insist on its maintenance in Australia, is the real question of im- portance; but this our correspondent either does not perceive, or, if he does, loses himself in a maze of words when he attempts to deal with it. But perhaps the oddest part of our correspondent's letter is that in which he demolishes to his own entire satisfac- tion all the arguments that have been urged in favour of a customs union and its necessary consequence, inter- colonial free trade. A customs union is disposed of by the assertion that it is " almost synonymous with a complete " governmental union." What curious ideas of the two kinds of union and of Bynonyms must Mr. C. E. Glass have. In the German states, for more than half a century, has a customs union without a legislative union existed ; and, the people themselves being witnesses, the Zollverein has been a great blessing to all the countries which it has com- prised. Why should such a union be impossible in Australia, and why should it be synonymous with something with which it has no necessary connexion 1 But if Mr. Glass is absolute in regard to a customs union, he is a very Dogberry on " intercolonial " free trade." " There cannot be any " such thing " is the exact verdict of Mr. C. E. Glass. On the principle that " fools rush in where angels fear to " tread," Mr. Glass undertakes to prove a universal negative with the utmost self-complacency. " Cannot " be inter- colonial free trade ! The oracle having spoken in this authoritative manner, what is the use of ordinary mortals expressing any opinion on the subject 1 It is one of the peculiarities of the protectionist mind that the ordinary rule3 of argument are regarded as equally pernicious as free trade itself. When Smith, the weaver, proved to the entire satisfaction of his friends that Jack Cade's father was a bricklayer, by say- ing-" Sir, he made a chimney in my " father's house, and the bricks are " alive at this day to notify it, there " fore deny it not,"-he employed the only sort of logic which passes current amongst protectionists. With this the letter of Mr. Glass is plentifully larded ; but he who looks in it for facts or arguments which will help him to a better understanding of the question in dispute will look in vain. The policy of Mr, Francis at the Conference may be capable of defence, but he has reason to exclaim "Save me from my friends," when people of the type of our corre- spondent come to his aid. The paper which was read by Mr. F. C. Christy at the Eoyal Society's meet- ing of Monday last, contains some useful matter that might have beon published at an earlier date with some advantage to the public. It also contains a good deal of information of a re assuring kind, inasmuch as it goes to show that the management of our state rail- ways has not been so inefficient as it has sometimes been said to be, and that both the railway lines aud the rolling stock are still in excellent condition. Only one thing is required to render Mr. Christy's report as gratifying to the public as it is creditable to the officers by whom the railways have been managed for some years past, and that is, that proof should be given that the information on which ho based his calculations is thoroughly trustworthy. On more than one occasion it has been shown that the account books in the engineer-in-chief's department are to some extent works of imagination rather than of history, and the value of Mr. Christy's labour is materially lessened by this circumstance. But we will take it for granted that he has used the best information that was accessible to him, and exercised his best judgment in correcting any errors that may have crept into the official records, in which case his deductions will no doubt be at least approximately accurate. If they are so, the state of affairs which he discloses is better than was generally supposed, and the management of our state railways has always been exceptionally economical. A glance at a few of the statements contained in the paper will show this, and we will in the first place refer to some points in regard to which Mr. Christy can scarcely be mistaken. The engines and rolling-stock on the Vic- torian railways, he informs us, have been kept in the highest state of pre- servation, and will run for six years longer without requiring extensive re- pairs. Engines and carriages have been promptly mended so soon as they showed any defect, and a great economy has been thus effected, since it is the nature of rolling-stock to become rapidly worse so soon as it begins to give way. We are also informed that the permanent way of our state railways is kept in the very best repair, which of course tends to economy in locomotion. The engine drivers are represented as being as efficient as any in the world, and we are informed that, under the stimulus of a system of rewards instituted by the department, they havo learned to per- form their work in an economical man- ner. Another pleasing circumstance mentioned by Mr. Christy is, that the climate of Australia has been found favourable to economy in railway management. In our comparatively dry atmosphere there is but little extra ex- penditure of fuel through the driving wheels of the engines slipping on wet rails, and the rolling-stock suffers less through exposure than is the case in most countries. All this is satisfactory enough, and what follows would not be any less satisfactory if only we could feel sure that it was perfectly true. Comparing the management of the Victorian railways with that of some foreign lines, Mr. Christy shows that the total working expenses of tho locomotive branch o£ our railways in 1869, including repairs to engines and rolling-stock, and every, other item of expenditure, amounted to ID'lOd. per train mile, while the average cost on eleven railways in Great Britain, in 1870, was ll*35d. per train mile. The average cost of repairs to engines and waggons is in Great Britain 2'25d., and in Victoria 2'3d. per train mile; skilled labour being twice as dear in England as it is here, fuel three times as dear, and railway stores and mate- rials necessarily much dearer. Com- paring Victorian with American rail- ways, Mr. Christy shows that the average cost of fuel and repairs on 37 American lines was 21-2d. as against lid. per train milo on our own lines; while the average cost on 41 railways in the state of Massachusetts, according to the latest reports, was 22'5d. It is thus seen that the working expenses of Ame- rican railways are double those of the Victorian lines, though labour and fuel are no dearer thero than here. Other evidences of good management in the Victorian "Railway department are to be found in Mr. Christy's paper j but these will be examined with more inte- rest by professional than by general readers, What we have already cited, if Mr. Christy has sound data for his calculations, shows that the locomotive branch of the Victorian railways has been economically managed, and in view of the immense direct money loss which the country suffers through its railway system it is gratifying to have any kind of assurance to that effect. We must be careful, however, not to let Mr, Christy lead the public into error as regards the comparative merits of dear and cheap railways. No doubt he is quite justified in ascribing some portion of the economy of management which he describes to the excellence of the permanent way on our lines of rail- way, but nevertheless it would havo paid us better to have made cheaper railways in the first instance. Had our great trunk lines cost £20,000 a mile, instead of nearly double that sum, we could have paid a little more for fuel and re- pairs, and still made an immense annual saving, which view of the case it is necessary to keep before the public while further railway extension is in contemplation. Mr. Christy has shown that our dear railways are being cheaply worked, but we are paying far too much even for this economy, and must avoid similar extravagant mistakes in the future. Another complaint against the Mel- bourne and Hobson's Bay Bail way Com- pany ! Extortion is the charge now. A passenger having taken a return ticket from Melbourne to Brighton, on the way back loses his ticket, and at Richmond asks for another, offering to pay the fare from the furthest station from which the train had come. But this would not do ; for after getting the amount of that fare from him, the railway officiai demanded the fare from Eichmond to Melbourne besides, and, on the passen- ger declining to pay, the train went on without him. Assuming that it is the law that a traveller by rail who cannot produce his ticket must pay the fare from the most distant station, our cor- respondent could not, and did not, com- plain of having to pay twice ; but on what pretence any extra sum was exacted from him, we are at a loss to imagine. Surely he paid a sufficient penalty for his carelessness when he was mulcted in the fare for one-half his journey twice over. But whilst we are puzzled how the company can defend this particular overcharge on the ground of policy or justice, we are still more perplexed when we endeavour to find for it any authority of law. The company has, under its act, authority to make bye laws for the regulation of its traffic, and these bye-laws must be posted at the stations on the line. But in the copies posted at the principal sta- tion in Flinders-street, there is not a word about charging passengers with- out tickets the fare from the most distant station. Where else, then, are we to seek for the authority 1 Some of the provisions of the Railway Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, are incorpo- rated in the company's act, and amongst others the 103rd, which contains this provision :-" If any person travel, or " attempt to travel, in any carriage of " the company, or of any other company " or party using the railway, without " having previously paid his fare, and " with intent to avoid payment thereof, ". . . . every such person shall, " for every such offence, forfeit to the " company a sum not exceeding forty " shillings." But here there is nothing which enables the railway officials to proceed in the administration of that sort of Jedburgh justice which they dealt out to our correspondent. " Intent to de " fraud" is an offence which is, and ought to be, punished; but, even then, the offence must first be proved before a competent tribunal, and not be- foro the officers of the company interested. But in the case of our correspondent, there was no Bhadow of reason for imputing fraud. By accident he lost his ticket. Why should he not be at liberty to show that to have been his only offence 1 On the other hand, if the company did think he was trying to defraud, why did it not proceed against him under the clause we have cited 1 The reason is but too obvious. No magistrate would have found him guilty of any offence, and the company would havo been cast in costs. The company evidently pre- fers the handy and summary tribunal composed of their station-masters and guards. We trust, however, that some one will have sufficient public spirit to try the question of right, and to ascer- tain whether the company has any war- rant of law for treating people in the way our correspondent " Viator " com- plained of. His Excellency Viscount Canterbury, ac- companied by several members of his family. will pay a visit to Sydney during the timo of tho forthcoming exhibition. He will bo ab- sent from Victoria probably about 10 days or a fortnight, and tho timo being so short it will not, wo understand, be deemed necessary to appoint any ope to administer the Govern- ment during His Excellency's absence. Tho vice-regal party will probably go to Sydney by -the next royal mail steamer, returning by tho steamer carrying tho following homeward mails. Major-Gonornl Sir Trevor Chute, and the Imperial officers of the garrison, were enter- tained at dinner lost evening by the members of the Melbourne Club, in view of tho approaching departure of the troops from Melbourne. Mr. Mitchell has issued his address to tho electoM of the North-Western Province. In doing so, he remarks that, there being no question involving a division of opinion, he will content himself with asking fora renewal of the confidence with which ho had boon honoured on five separate occasions during 'the past l8 years. £Tho public announcement of the nomina- tion of candidates proposed for election to represent tho South Province in the Legisla- tive Council was made yesterday, at noon, by Mr. Simmonds, the doputy roturning officer, at his residence, Brighton. He stated that Mr. William Degraves, of Molbourno, ^merchant, and Mr. John Halfey, of Kew, gentleman, had been nominated, and as there was only one vacancy, a poll would bo hold on ' ,tho 29th inst. The proceedings were purely , formal, neither voters nor candidates boing ^present. The Return Ball Committee are progressing .with their arrangements for the forthcoming 'festivity. The task of supplying refreshments has been entrusted to Mr. II. U. Miller for the eatables, and Mr. Smythers for the wines, &c;, ^ and judging from the success of these caterers -at former entertainments, the public may feel -assured that this department will be satis- factorily administered. It is very frequently found when tenders .are opened by the Board of Land and Works .for public contracts that one or more in- formal tenders have been sont in, either through mistake or from some other cause. jAn instance of that kind occurred yesterday .Tespecting an offer to perform the ex- cavations required at the Royal Mint ,hefore the offices department can be .erected. Mr. Bates announced that the .tender of Mr. J. Brown, for £447 4s. 7d., was ?>the lowest for the work, and was adding that another but informal tender had been sent 'in which did not state what the work was, when a contractor interrupted him by so.) in g he had sent in a tender for £123 10s. Mr. Bates said it was correct that wich a tender was opened, but, in ad- dition to its not mentioning the work, tbq name of the tenderer was omitted. The contractor replied that he was in a hurry, and so made the mhtnlte; but Mr. Bates said people very often had to pay for being in a huiry, and tho tender was so very informal that it could not bo accepted. Ho would have been glad enough to save the difference of be- tween £40 and £50 to tho country in the work, but in fairness to the other contractors it was impossible for him to accept the 'tender. The Bf ard of Land and Works-the mom- bo s present being the Hon. Mr. Bates (vice president) and Mr. Steavenson-sat yesterday in their board-room for the purpose of doal ing with tenders sont in for public works. Mr. Bates announced that the tenders received tor the supply of 4,800 redgum sleepers and 12 500 superficial feet of sawn redgum timber for repairs to the Melbourne terminus and the Essendon Railway, would be referred to the engineer-in-chief to report upon, as it ivos requisite to judge of the different quali- ties of the timber offered. The following tenders were accepted :-Repairs to court- house, Rutherglen, A. Hunter, £67 ; excava- tion at the mint, J. Brown, £447 4a. 7d. ; sundry works at court-house, Blackwood, W. Smith, £200; repairs to post and telegraph offices, Chiltern, J. Stevens, £109 j fittings for the court-house, Echuca, 'G. Anderson, £362 4s. Od. ; sundry works at Custom-house, Melbourno, William Camp- bell, £60 ; repairs to court-houso, Chiltern, J. Stevens, £79 ; ropoirs to lodges at Magstaff gardens, J. Duncan, £69 19s. j repairs to post and telegraph offices at Wahgunyah, A. Hunter, £95 ; repairs to post and telegraph oflices, Rutherglen, A. Hunter, £11510s. The half-yearly meeting of tho Melbourne Exchange Company was held yesterday, at the company's offices, Market-street ; the Hon. James Graham in the chair. It was re- ported by the directors that the transactions of the six months left a balance of £40111s. 2d. available for dividend after making pro- vision for unpaid and unclaimed dividends A dividend of £110s per share for the half sear was recommended. On the motion of Mr. Slater, seconded by Dr. Wilkins, the re- port and balance-sheet were adopted. Tho rctiiing directors-Messrs. Graham, Lord, Sellar, Dane, Geimain Nicholson, and Wil- kins-were re elected, Mr. Martin was re elected treasurer, and Messrs. Slater and Woolley wero re- elected auditors. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Lord, that £100, tho amount of unclaimed dividends, should be deposited in the Bank of "Victoria at interest. This closed the proceedings. The diudend, it was understood, would be pay- able on and after Saturday next. Í In a few days the last of the British soldiers stationed amongst us will leave our shores. Before entering on their voyage it has been suggested to us by some friends that an appeal should be made to those having improving periodicals to spare-such as the Sunday at Home, British Workman, and Band of Sope Revieio, &c.-kindly; to send tliem for the use of tho men during the voyage. Wewill willingly take charge of any such books directed for them up to Friday noon, as they go on board on Saturday. His Worship the Mayor of Sydney and the Mnjoress (Mr. and Mrs. Renny) entertained the Mayor and Mayoress of Adelaide at Meiuies' Hotel on Tuesday evening. Several of tho citizens of Melbourne and Alderman and Miss Swallow, of Tasmania, were also present. During their stay, in Victoria the visitors from the neighbouring colonies have been shown over the Pentridge Stockade, the Houses of Parliament, the Graving-dock, &c;, and on Tuesday evening thoy visited the Observatory. An inquiry was held yesterday beforo tho members of the Pilot Board into the circum- stances connected with the grounding of tho schooner Stanley on the middle sand, near the Western Channel lightship, on the after- noon of the Uth instant. Tho evidence showed that the vessel grounded close to where tho beacon bad been washed away ! hut as Pilot M'Queen did not immediately ? put the vessel about on sighting tho lightshi p the hoard judged him guilty of negligenco, and susponded his certificate for two ?months. Mr. Henry Ford, of the Master in Equity's ' pfiice, died, we regrot to say, yesterday mora- le, after a painful illness. Ho had been 21 years in the public service, seven of which were passed in tho Immigration Office, Gee- long, and the remainder in the Master in liquity's office. 'Ho was well known to the 'oew profession for his unremitting attention to tho duties of his office, and for his kind. ness and urbanity. Wo understand that it is intended to make a thorough dressing for scab, iindor tho su- pervision of an inspector, compulsory in tho case of all sheep arriving here by sea. No »beep will be permitted to leave the port of landing until tho inspector is satisfied that tuey aro perfectly clean. It is obvious that, without a measure of this kind, the prevon we and curative provisions of the Scab Act would all be rendered nugatory. Rewards amounting to £1,500 aro offered wr Iho discovery.of the robbers who broko into the police station at tho Dunstan, Now íSa ' Tlw Provincial Government offer* *500. and the Banks of Now South Wales noa Isow Zealand offer £500 each, half to bo Paw on tho conviction of tho offenders, and m,0a the rec°very of the stolon proporty. lae Police Gazette contains a description of Thomas Lacelles Harris-who is charged with embezzling £650, the property of tho Bulla Shire Council-and of Mts. Cassidy, maiden name Elizabeth Lazarus, by whom he was accompanied. Pearce Walsh, who receives a very unflat- tering description in tho Police Gazette, both as to appearance and character, is wanted for stabbing Timothy Enright, with intent to kill, at Melbourne, on the 8th inst. Com- plainant's life is in danger from the effects of the injury. Ihn Sydney Morning Herald has an article on tho number of defaulters, embezzling clerks, and fraudulent debtors who have lately succeeded in making their escape from that colony, and considers that still greater facilities for escapo than now exist aro likely to be afforded by tho incroased means of access to tho Fijis. It says :-" Tho dishonest creditor, or fraudulent employé, without much difficulty can escape beyond tho juris- diction of the courts, and sot up a new homo within a few days' sail of tho country he has quitted and of the creditors ho has pil- laged. Wo understand an increasing number of this class of men are becoming settlers at the Fijis. A warrant, of course, only runs within the dominions of a regular Government, and even tho practice of extra- dition is rarely carried beyond the arrest of persons charged with felony. There is, there- fore, no remedy possible so long as there is no recognised Government. The late Conference pointed out tho danger from the continuance of this condition of affairs. . . . There are three courses open to tho British Govern ment and to the inhabitants of the Fijis-to accept the sovereignty of these islands, or some of them ; to recognise the sovereignty of the principal native chief; or to confer some charter of incorporation, which may contain the power of self-government, on the European population, and which will make thom amenable to laws administered among themselves." A deputation, representing the brewing interest, waited on tho Commissioner of Cus- toms yesterday, to proposo that brewers should be allowed to distil freo of duty the waste beer which remained on their hands, with a view to the manufacture of vine- gar. It was stated that if free distil- lation under these circumstances were allowed, a valuablo now industry would spring up, and would bo followed probably by the speedy establishment of other manufac- tures, such as pickles, blacking, &c.; If this concession were made, it was pointed out, vinegar could bo manufactured with profit for half the prico now paid for tho imported article, which it would no doubt supplant the market. In order to carry out the plan satisfactorily, it was suggested that there should bo a central establishment in Melbourno, where the distillation could go on under tho supervision of tho Customs officers. Mr. A'Beckett viewed the proposi- tion favourably, and said that if the promoters would put their ideas in writing, ho would lay the matter beforo his colleagues. To accom plish the objoct of the deputation, an amend- ment of the Customs Act will bo necessary. The first foal of the season at tho Maribyr- nong stud was dropped on Sunday evening last. It is a splendid colt foal, by Fireworks \- Hose do Florence. From tho breeding of both sire and dam, this youngster should ho heard of on the Flemington course in a couple of years. The hearing of a suit Shaw v. Solomon was commenced in the Equity Court yesterday. The suit is instituted by tho official assignee of tho estate of George Nichols, to set aside a hill of sale givon by the insolvent shortly before his insolvency to tho defendants, Solo- mon and Moss. The whole of yesterday was occupied in discussing a preliminary point as to the admissibility of certain evidence, on which Mr. Justice Molesworth reserved his decision till Friday, when the hearing of the case will bo continued. The Melbourno Criminal Sessions were con. tinued yesterday. A man named Thomas Robinson, who was charged, under somewhat peculiar circumstances, with having com. mittcd a criminal assault upon his step- daughter, a girl about 11 years of age, was acquitted ; and a similar verdict was given in the case of a man named Thomas Spinks, who was accused of stealing a brooch from a woman of the town. A lad named William George Worsdcll, who having been kindly taken care o£ by a clergyman, repaid tho interest manifested in his welfare by stealing, on tho first opportunity, a horse belonging to a guest of his benefactor, was sentenced to two years and thieo months' hard labour His Honour at tho samo time expressed a regret that it was not in his power to order the administration of a good sound floggingt which he believod would have a very benefical effect. Three well-known criminals, named Waterman, Anstice, and Thompson, wore sentenced to seven, nine, and three years' hard labour respectively, for burglary. It was shown that Waterman and Anstico espo. dally bore very bad characters, and had boenin gaol, where they had invariably misconducted themselves, on many occasions during the last eight or ten yoars. His Honour in pass- ing sentence remarked that it was to meet such cases as theirs that the act passed last year at homo for the more effectual preven tion of crime, but better known as the Habi- tual Criminals Act, became law, and ho ox pressed a hopo that its provisions would ho adopted by tho Legislature of this country, as it was necessary to use stringent and severo measures to clear Melbourne of a class with which it was infested, and which, though small numerically, was formidable, and cal- culated to bring discredit upon a community which did not deserve it. The case of John Brooks, for arson, is tho first that will be taken to-day. The National Short-Hours League hold a public meeting last night at tho Trades-hall, Lygon-streot, about 250 persons being pre- sent. The meeting adopted without dissent the report of the conference recommending the four resolutions which have been already published, as the basis of a Short-Hours Bill. Mr. John Everard, M.L.A., occupied tho chair, and he and Messrs. Longmore, Berry, and Casey, M.L.A.'s, with Mr. B. Douglass, tho vice-president of the league, were tho principal speakers. The arguments put for- ward in support of the short-hours systom wore not novel, and tho speeches were directed principally to politics, and to urge that tho working classes should at tho next general election securo representatives pledged to support an Eight Hours' Labour Bill. The lists of persons licensed as publicans for tho current year, and of those holding colonial-wino and packet licences within the city of Melbourne, appear in our advertising columns. Three manufactories on the south side of the Yarra wero visited on Tuesday by the NoxiousTradcsCommissioners, who examined the various premises in tho usual manner. Tho first place visited was the soap and caudle manufactory of Messrs. Bayldon and Graham, which was found to bo in a satisfactory con- dition. The tallow used at these works is melted at Prahran, so that any annoyance v-bichmay bo caused by tho smell is expo rienced in that locality. At tho distillery of Mr. H. J. Brown nothing unpleasant was dis- covered ; and with regard to tho third esta- blishment visited, Mr. llamsden's paper-mills, tho only thing noticed was that a large quan- tity of dirty water was being discharged into the Yarro, Thero was, however, nothing offensive about it. At about 8 o'clock last night Mr. Claud Fario's malady had a sudden change, but the medical gentleman in attendance could not say whether it was for bettor or worse. The present is consequently a very critical time for tho patient. The thunderstorm which passed over Mel- bourne yesterday afternoon, at about 4 o'clock, seems, from our telegraphic advices, to havo been felt over a great portion of the colony. At Queenscliff the weathor was so rough that the health officer was un- able to go out to board tho Hampshire, which arrived and anchored at tho Heads. At Cape Otway, Talbot, Smythesdale, Ballarat, Sandhurst, Geelong, and Mary- borough the storm was felt, and in some places a heavy fall of hail took place. A noticeable feature of the storm was the marked depression of the barometer, which in Mel- bourne fell to 2918, at Cape Otway to 28'31, and at Maryborough to28-05. The electric dis- turbance for some time seriously affected telegraphic communications, and in all pro- bability was the cause of our Sydney telegram not coming to hand. The various charitable institutions of the colony havo their hands full enough in at- tending to cases coming legitimately before them without having to expend time and money on undeserving persons, and they aro, therefore, in a manner bound to take strong measures against any persons who may endeavour to impose upon them. A gross caso of imposition occurred about the be- ginning of last week at the Melbourne Lying-in Hospital, and the impostor, a woman, was successful for a short time in deluding the authorities of the institution. Tho woman, whose name is Anne Hewitt, was brought hurriedly at night in a cab to the Lying-in Hospital, and was represented by those who brought her to be in the pains of labour. Sho was exceedingly drunk, and those who brought her were desired to wait while it was being ascertained whether she was really in need of tho institution's assistance, but as soon as she was taken indoors they made off in the cab. The woman's ap- pearance and manner wore such that the medical gentleman who saw her really belioved that she was near her confinement, and she kept up the deception every time the doctor went into the ward, by pretending to suffer gTeat pain. It was not until Mr. Avent, becoming suspicious, had made a profes sional examination of the patient, that he discovered the imposition. The woman was suffering from the effects of drink, but had her wits sufficiently about her to enable her to act tho part which had no doubt been suggested by the person» who took her to the hospital. As soon as possible she was handed over to the police, and on yesterday week she was remanded for seven days in order that she might recover from her drunken condition. Yesterday, on being brought before the City Bench, sho was quite sober, and Mr. Avent detailed tho cir- cumstances, adding that ho did not think the woman was so much to blame as those who took her to the place, as many such cases had occurred within his experience, tho object no doubt being to obtain a good bed and kind attendance for the wrotched inebriates gratuitously. Similar deceptions had been practised in the case of women who were taken from the Morning Star Hotel, Littlo Bourke-street, which Mr. Inspector Kabat stated was one of tho most disreputable of the low public- houses in Melbourne. The Bench agreed that the woman was not so much to blame as those who had made use of her drunken condition to impose upon the hospital, but as a caution to others thoy sent her to gaol for a month. A man named William Brockman appeared on summons at the City Court yesterday to answer a charge of fraud as a trustee. The alleged offence is that on the Sth May last, being trustee of £300, partially for the benefit of George Banon, ho did, with intent to de- fraud, wilfully and unlawfully convert and appropriate the money to his own use. On the application of the counsel for tho prose- cution the case was postponed until to-day. About 5 o'clock yesterday morning a dis- turbance took place near the New Exhibition Hotel, Russell-street, during which a man named Wm. Murray smashed a glass tumbler on the head of a drunken stonemason named Thomas Cleary, and in doing so broke Cleary's head. Cleary was taken to the Hos- pital, where he was found to be severely wounded ; and Murray was lodged in the watchhouse by Constable Regan, who also arrested an old woman known as "Mother Caffrey," and a number of her female fol- lowers who occupied the same house as her- self. All the prisoners were remanded for seven days pending the result of the injuries to the man Cleary. Caffrey was charged with 'keeping a disorderly house of ill-fame, and the other women with being vagrants. A curious case of a similarity of name lead, ing to a misappropriation of money was heard at the City Court yesterday. About February last a man named George Benham was in London, but as he was about coming to Mel- bourne ho paid £100 into the Union Bank, and received in exchange a draft for that amount payable at Melbourno. Having du- plicate copies of this draft, ho retained one ; but in order to provide for any accident happening to the document he placed the other copy in an envelope, which he posted to Melbourne, directing it to ''George Benham, to bo left till called for," intending to call at the Melbourne Post-office on his arrival, and get the second copy back, naving despatched it, he set sail himself, but the envelope containing the draft arrived first, and, reaching the Mel. bourne Post-office, was duly kept there until it should bo called for. While ho was. still on the voyage another George Ben- ham, who had been residing continuously in the colony for IG or 17 years, went to the Post-office, and, asking if there were any letters for George Benham, was handed the cnvelopo' containing the draft. This man's story is that he had written to a wealthy brother in London for money, and on find- ing this draft in tho cnvolope, took it for granted that it was from his brother. The absence of any accompanying letter did not strike him as peculiar, on account of his brother's being a very eccentric man, who was remarkably laconic in his epistles, and hav- ing asked for money, Benham thought the cash which the draft represented the most satisfactory answer. He cashed the draft, and spent all the £100 oxcept £20 boforo the real owner had discovered his loss on arriving A warrant was issued, charging the colonial Benham with obtaining money by falso pre- tences, and he was arrested some weeks ago by Detective Mackinn, and remanded for the production of the original Benham, who had moved to Twofold Bay. Yesterday the above facts were brought out, and the case, so far, was in favour of tho view that the prisoner was the lucky victim of an error, which had placed £100 in his pocket ; but, on tho other hand, it was pointed out for the prosecution that the prisoner could not havo really believed that the draft had been sent by his brother, because it was plainly written upon it that the money it represented had boon paid into the bank in London by George Benham himself, and ho know that he had paid no such sura into a London bank, not having been out of tho colony for years. For the defence it was urged that tho prisoner had probably, in his joy at receiving the money, never thought of reading the draft carefully, and two witnesses wero called who deposed that the prisoner had a wealthy and eccentric brother in London. The Bench said that, in viow of tho draft so plainly in- dicating by whom the money it represented had beon deposited, tho caso was ono which should bo left to a jury to decido whether there was any falso protonco. Tho prisoner was accordingly committed for trial. A decision which was evidently regarded as an injustice by the prosecutor was given by the City Bench yesterday, in a case in which Captain Stewart Patrick, master of the steamer Murray, charged a dissipated young roan, named Charles H. Wilson, alias Hollis, with uttering a valueless cheque for £1 10s., by which ho obtained a passago on board the Murray. The prisoner came from Gipps Land to Melbourno on board Captain Patrick's steamer, in the beginning of this year, but on the voyage, when asked for tho fare, ho said that ho had no money. Tho captain told him that he would havo to go on boara the police boat at Williamstown if that were the caso ; but Wilson promised to pay on reaching Mel- bourne, where, he said, ho had friends. His word was trusted, and ho was allowed to land and go to an hotel, whither the cabin-boy was sent after him for the money. He wrote out a cheque for £1 10s., which ho gave to tho boy, but on being presented it was dis- honoured, the prisoner having no account at the bank. Wilson had meantime decamped, and having gono up tho country, was only arrested a few weeks ago in the Ovens district. The Bench held that as tho prisonor had first obtained the passage and then given the chequo he could not bo charged with having been guilty of falso pretences, and they there- fore discharged him, though tho prosecutor could still recover by a civil action tho amount of tho passage-money. Captain Pa- trick, however, thought that there was quite enough evidence to convict the prisonor of uttering a valueless cheque, and was by no means satisfied at having lost so much time in attending the court for nothing. A woman who acts as a sort of harbourer of and housekeeper for a great number of women of the town belonging to the moro degraded class, was arrested yesterday, with some half-dozen younger women, living in one house with her in Beehive-lane, on a charge of keeping a disorderly houso of ill fame, and was taken before the City Bench. She was with the others remanded, and allowed out on bail. A black man named Williams, well known to tho police, calculated, however, on her being sent to gaol for a lengthened term, and while she was beforo the Bench ho went to her house and set about removing her furni- ture. She returned, however, while ho was in the middle of the removal, and gavo him in charge for larceny from a dwelling. Con- sequently she will be in tho anomalous posi- tion of acting as prosecutrix while she is at tho same time under arrest herself. The woman's name is Mary Caffrey. A deputation appointed at a meeting held on Tuesday, consisting of Messrs. Wild, Herz, Caws, Hughes, Ford, Williams, Martin, and Gaunson, waited yesterday upon the mayor to request the uso of the Town-hall for the concert to be given to Messrs. Horsley and Kendall. Tho Mayor informed the depu- tation that tho hall would bo granted for a concert on the 27th insi. Ho further sug- gested that were they to memorialise the corporation tho use o£ the building might bo granted free of cost. Wo have received a copy of the Catalogue of Hie Vicloi'ian Exhibits at the Sydney Inter- colonial Exhibition of 1870. It contains an introduction by Sir Redmond Barry, president of tho Victorian commissioners, which shows that the exhibits number 555, which will occupy 10,000ft. of space-a result which the commissioners regard as highly satisfactory. The departments and classes enumerated in the catalogue aro wines, farm produco, plants, manures, agricultural implements and ma- chinery, fine arts, apparatus of liberal arts, furniture, &c;, clothing, mining products (this, of course, is a copious and most im- portant class, containing many subdivisions) chemical and pharmaceutical, apparatus, &c.;, used in the common arts, food (fresh and preserved). The cabman, Charles Bennett,|who because Mrs. Cummins, sewing-machine importer, in Collins-street, disputed a debt of 5s. which he alleged sho owed bira for cab-hire, went to her place, and, after assaulting hor, smashed 10 sewing-machines and a piano-was taken before tho City magistrates yesterday. The charge was proved, and the damage was estimated by Mrs. Cummins at £100. The Bench had no power to ordor payment of damages, which was a question for another Court ; but for tho assault they fined the pri- soner £3, or a month's imprisonment; and for wilful damage to property, £10, with 40s. costs, or an additional two months' incar- ceration. The young member of tho demi monde, Ellen Willis, who is charged with stealing £200 from James C. Warren, waa taken beforo tho City magistrates yesterday, and remanded for seven days, in order that tho police might have an opportunity of tracing the stolon notes. A younp; street imp, who was accustomod to render himself a nuisanco about the doors of the Theatre Boyal by standing on his head in the way of passengers, sitting down in orangg baskets, and indulging in other eccentrici- ties, on Tuesday evening varied his pastimes by diving into the basket of a pedlar woman, from which ho issued with a packet of wax match boxes in his hands. He was caught, and rolled in tho gutter by the woman, who then gavo him in charge, and yesterday ho was talton before tho City Bench on an accu- sation of stealing tho matches. Tho boy's name was George Elmed, and his father, who attended, stated that he could not control him, as ho was a wild intractable child. Tho Bench sent the urchin to the Training-ship for two years, and ordered the father to con- tribute a weekly sum towards his mainte- nance. The proceedings at the Richmond Police court yesterday developed another phase of the Volunteer question. A man, named W. H. Robins, who joined the Richmond Riflos in April, 1808, and lately resigned, had re- fused to return his regimental clothing, and was, in consequence, sued by Major Septimus Martin, commanding tho said corps. The defenco was that, in accordanco with the practico by virtue of which volunteers who had worn their clothes for three years neod not return them, the defendant was entitled to keep his, for the clothes he had worn for two years as a volunteer had been in wear for 12 months beforo he got them. Ho also dis- puted Major Martin's right to sue, and spoke of his late commanding officer so disrespect- fully, that Mr. Templeton, P.M., ono of the sitting magistrates, rebuked him, remarking that the reports of Volunteer disorganisation appeared to havo some foundation if the defendant's ideas in respect to his superior officers were generally entertained. The points raised for tho defence were overruled, and the defendant oidered to rotura the clothing, and pay costs. A case before tho bench at Brunswick yes- terday proved rather amusing to tho usual crowd of Police Court listeners. Mr. Mars Miller, a justice of tho peace, was summoned by tho landlord of the British Queen Hotel, for leading his horse on the footpath. Ho pleaded guilty, but in a lengthy speech argued it was no offence, and finally suggested to the mayor (Mr. Fleming), who was presiding, that as he might not understand tho law properly, h», had botter postpone tho coso for a wook, Mr. Fleming declined the suggestion, and fined Mr. Miller 2s. Cd" with 0s. Cd. costs. Messrs. Johnstone, Û 'Shannossy, and Co. write to us to stato that it was a mistake to attribute to them any co-oporation in the " amiable task" of taking gratuitous portraits of the visitors to the fancy ball. Thoy havo no such intention. Yesterday, one of tho sovcrest storms of thunder and hail over oxporioncod on Sand- hurst burst over tho town about a quarter to 3 o'clock. Tho rain carno down with suiprising volumo and velocity, the gutters wero soon unequal to tho donse mass of water that fell, and tho streets wore Boon nearly undistinguishablo from tho channels. Although tho storm was only of a few minutes' duration, during that time OTCin. of rain fell, which will givo somo idea of tho violenco of tho fall. Towards tho close of tho storm a fall of hailstones took placo, and after it had cleared off tho house-tops, gut- ters, and other placos whore the hail found a resting-place appeared as if there had boen a snowstorm. During the storm it was feared that most serious damage would result, espe- cially in Pall Moll, where, had the storm con eïuurd, most of the shops would have boen flooded. No one, however, thought the few Hashes of lightning had caused damage, al- though the loudness of the thunder denoted the proximity of the electric discharges. Nows, however, arrived in town about 6 o'clock that a boy, who was returning home from the Eaglehawk school, had been struck dead, and a companion had boen greatly in- jured, by the electric fluid. So far as could bo gleaned from the scanty information to hand, it appears that the unfortunate boy was re- turning home in company with fivo of his schoolfellows, all abreast, whon, in an open place, the lightning descended and lulled him instantaneously, seriously injuring one of his companions. Great damage was done at Epsom by a whirlwind, which stripped the roofs of sovoral houses, amongst others, tho Shamrock and Thistle Hotel. The wet weathorin the Bendigo districthas so operated in preventing farmers from bringing in wheat» that one of our principal mills, Mr. Lori dan's, has had to stop for want of supplies. An extremely severe squall passed over Geelong yesterday afternoon. It lasted about an hour, during which the rain fell in tor- rents, now and again varied with showers of hail, and accompanied with thunder and lightning. The forenoon had beon fine but windy, and gave no indications of the afternoon's disturbance. Some considerable damage was dono to fences, &c;, and the roof of a largo iron store belonging to Mossrs. Swanston, Willis, and Stephen was blown off. The police yesterday wore distributing through the principal places of business in Geelong Government handbills, describing the notes, with their numbers, latoly stolen from two of the New Zealand banks, A rather stormy sceno took placo at the quarterly meeting of the Geelong Town Council on Tuesday evening. It arose through some remarks of a particularly personal cha- racter used by Alderman Reeves in reference to the private character of one of tho candidates for the forthcoming mayoralty, which wore repeated several times in tho course of the evening. Tho subject was very warmly taken up by a majority of tho mem- bers present, and Mr. Reoves's remarks gono- rally deprecated, moro especially as tho mem- ber spoken of was not present. A great deal of party feeling has lately been shown with regard to the election of next mayor, the number of candidates for tho honour being now reduced to two. The Bondigo Gas Company hold their half, yearly meeting yesterday, at their offices, Williamson-street, Sandhurst. Mr. John Stewart occupied the chair. The reports and accounts were received and adopted. The accounts showed a profit of £1,141163. 7d.i out of which a dividend at the rate of G per cent, per annum was declared. Tho dividend will bo payable on tho 20th inst. "Our readers will remember," soys tho South Australian Advertiser, "that some timo . ogo a meeting of the scientific men of the several colonies was held to determine the boundary line dividing New South Wales and Victoria from South Australia. This colony was represented by Mr. Todd, and after tho most careful observe tions had been made, it was resolved to despatch a party from Ade- laide to run down tho boundary line as far as the south-western cornor of Queensland. The party consisted of Mr. Pearson, surveyor (who will bo remembered as ono of the first of the Northern Territory Expedition, whore ho was iwounded by the natives), Mr. P. H. Stack, Mr. O'Reilly, Mr. Ladygrove, and two or throe men. Thoy started, proporly equipped, on their journey in August, 1869, just 12 months ago, and they returned to Adelaido Wednesday. Their point of departure was Salt Creek, on tho Murray, which thoy left about the middle of last August, and forced their way through 10(5 miles of dense and heavy scrub, without finding any water. All they required on this wretched part of the journey they had to carry with them. Having passed through the scrub, they arrived at Brinksworth's well. In tho faco of roany difficulties they reached the south-western boundary of Queensland, in latitude 28deg., on June 29. Thoy wero then 348 miles in a straight line from the Murray. During the journey thoy suffered severely from the want of water, sometimes having to travel two or thrco days without a drop, and moro than once thoy wero nearly dead. Fortunately, however, for them, heavy rains set in, and when they left the lino thero was any quantity of water. On the return journey they found largo lakes, one of thom at least threo miles in circumference. They came back by way of the Barrier Ranges, aud stayed at Cooroona, where they found a son of Charles Dickens, manager of the station, by whom they wore hospitably entertained. Wo believe the expedition has been successful in fulfilling the work it undertook, and although the members of it suffered a great deal in the journey thoy aro all right now ox. cept Mr. Pearson, who, wo understand, is far from well." The drama of " Frou Frou" was repeated last evening at tho Princess's Thoatro. We aro requested to mention that tho timo for commencing tho performance at this ttieatro hasbcen altered from half-past 7 to 8 o'clock. Wo havo received £1 from Mr. Henry Taylor, of the Waterloo Hotel, Chancory lane, for Constable Flynn. Wo observe that the Elizabeth-street branch of the National Bank of Australasia has been opened at the corner of Elizabeth and Vic- toria streets, opposite to the now moat market. ThoWesloy Church Mutual Improvement Association hold thoir annual tea and public meeting in the school-ioom, Lonsdale-stroot, to-morrow evening, During tho ovening a selection of music will be givon. Mr. Charles Bright will deliver a lecture this ovening, at the room of the Carlton Literary Society, corner of Lygon and Queens berry streets, on "A Modern Puzzlo ; or Andrew Jackson Davis from an Historical Point of View." The Stubbs Relief Fund Committee mot on Tuesday evening last, at the Bolvidero Hotol, and resolved to call in and close the subscrip- tion lists on August 30, to which dato the meeting adjourned. Cash received to dato, £19G 13s. lid. Tho monthly meeting of the New Third Victoria Building Socioty was held last ovening, at their offices, CG Littlo Collins street cast. The month's recoipts amounted to £1,505. Eleven and a quarter shares wero sold, at premiums of £G lus. A photographic view, by Messrs. Paterson Brothers, of the exhibits of the Richmond Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associa- tion has been forwarded to us, and it gives a very good idea of the nature of tho collec- tion. Mr. T. P. Hill's Oratorical Trainer having passed successfully through four editions has reached a fifth, a specimen copy of which has reached us. The public estimate of the use- fulness of tho book is sufficiently proved by tho fact that the publication of another edition is found necessary. The first number of tho Homceopalhie Pro- gress in Australia, a monthly magazino of homoeopathic medical literature, has roached us. The new journal professes to be "not for the enlightenment of tho fnculty, but tho instruction of those who aro ignorant_of phy- siology and the nature and operations of medicine." It is edited by Dr. Gunst. A meeting was held last evening at tho Railway Hotel, Elizabeth-street, by tho ware- housemen in the employ of Messrs. Banks Brothers, Bell, and Co., for tho purposo of presenting to Mr. James Fletcher, who is leaving the employ of tho firm, a hand- somely engraved silver tea-servico, in tokon of the ícspect entortaincd towards bun during the period of bis engagement, oxlondmg ovor 12 years. The second meeting of tho St. Kilda School of Industrial Art was hold on Tuosday oven- ing, at Mr. Morris's schoolroom. Ton now members wero enrolled, making a total of 58, and of theso the number present was 5G, ahowing the earnestness with which the youthful students have embraced the oppor- tunity afforded. The following membora of committee wero present, viz,-Messrs. S. P. Lord, Sprigg, and Morris : teachors-Messrs. Hamel, Peppercorn, Farquhar, Richardson, and Morris, 