English Mail. We have learned in this diocese how to estimate the paradox that the prosperity of a parish may vary inversely as the numbers that attend a meeting for the election of churchwardens and the passing of the annual accounts. Tf the balance, after liquidating all claims, is on the credit side, it is perfectly satisfactory, if there is only a Mr. A. who can move the adoption of the treasurer's report, and a Mr. B. to second it, although there should be scarcely a third person to express assent or dissent. So is it with our English news. The effective work of the Church, the grappling with sin and Satan, has no public meeting to give it prominence, and makes but little show in the columns even of the religious press. A Church newspaper is for the most part a chronicle of heresy and schism, and we rise from the perusal with a heavy heart, and with a desponding feeling that Ichabod is being inscribed on the walls of our beloved Church. With ritualism on the one side and rationalism on the other, what hope is there for the faith for which martyrs bled and reformers marched cheerfully to the stake i. bubsequently to the .November mail the Church in the metro polis had witnessed a newand unwonted phenomenon, and one that has drawn the attention of the entire newspaper press. As many as one hundred and twenty churches were embraced within the scheme, which was that of holding services of a more or less irregular charac ter for twelve days. Three bishops gave their countenance to the movement, those of London, Oxford (now Manchester) and Rochester. The idea of preaching the Gospel to the masses, of making an earnest attempt to reach the thousands who seldom darken the doorway of the house o£ God, was one that no real Christian would wish to dis countenance. Moreover, the experiment succeeded. The multitudes carne together, many earnest addresses found attentive listeners; and though we cannot reduce the success of these efforts to figures, or pretend to say how many were converted from the error of (heir ways, yet it is undeniable that thousands were brought, for tlio time being within reach of the Church's ordinances. Illness of the Archbishop of Canterbury.— ^We arc deeply grieved to hear of the alarming illness of our devoted and energetic primate. It appears that after a confirmation tour in Kent his Grace ? had a convulsive seizure. It has been remarked as a coincidence that Archbishop Newley was so worried with the controversy in Bishop I-Iampden's case, to which that of Dr. Temple bears a close but aggravated resemblance, that he said, ' This stir will kill me ;' and so it proved* for. before the Bishop of Hereford was consecrated the amiable Archbishop lay in liis coftin. There is no doubt that Arch bishop Tait has suffered intense anxiety about the case of the Bishop elect of Exeter— indeed his medical attendant, Mr. Hadeh, has lidt hesitated to attribute the symptoms to over-work. The attacks presented themselves in three distinct phases — a first attack accom panied by unconsciousness, convulsion, and complete paralysis of the left arm ; a second, without unconsciousness, but with convulsions, which resulted in partial paralysis of the left leg j and a third} in . . which there was neither convulsion nor loss of consciousness, but during which the partial paralysis of the left/(ieg became more pro nounced. His Grace was much ??better before the mail left, but the left arm and hand Syere all but motionless. Our readers will be reminded of the slight twist of ' the facial muscles in the late Bishop Blornfield, that told a like story of partial paralysis. At this juncture the life of Archbishop Tait is one of great value to our beloved Church. From the prelate's sick bed a request for earnest intercession went forth. Alluding' to a meeting of clergy in a rurUdeeanal conference, the Archbishop said : — 'Prayer is better than discussion. And tell them,' he added, 'that I have come to the determination what to pray for myself. I have desired, to live especially that I might, carry outthe organisation of lay helpers in the Church ; but it is possible that my life might be a hindrance and not a help to the work. So now I quite determine to pray lhat God would give me and His Church that which will be best. This prayer . cannot be wrong, as God knows what is best. If I were to pray for my life, I might pray for what would be an hindrance and not a help to the work of the Church.' To these affecting words Archdeacon Pany, who conveyed the message, added that the Archbishop's mind ? had from the first been, perfectly clear, and that his whole trust was placed in the merits, and mediation of the Lord, who died for sinners. That this request for prayer is fi'om one who knows well its power is confirmed by an. anecdote of the Arohbi shop on losing five children, in little more than a fortnight, of scarlet fever. Every day of their brief lives their mother had knelt and prayed with them ; and on their deathbed they would kneel up in their little white night- gowns, with the rosy light of the ? eternal, morning Upon their young faces in that dread fever-flush, and rmttins their little hot hands together, would pray their simple child's prayer, or look out and repeat their favourite hymn ; and when the last came, and the breathing grew fainter and fainter, the agonised father knelt down by their bed-side, and steadied his voice, and commended the little spirit to its God. Writing of these five dear children to a friend, he used the words : — ' They were received with prayer, they were brought up with prayer, and they were rendered again unto their God with prayer.' The Twelve Days' Mission.— It is difficult to speak of this movement with strict impartiality. Many clergymen joined in it who would have no other motive than that of bringing souls to Christ, nor would use other means of evangelisation than such as would be consistent with the usage of our Eeformed Church. To impute motives is at all times invidious. At the same time we may fairly ask who were the promoters ; and if we find them relaxing the rubric, and for the tune being indulging in various anti-liturgical excesses, we may fairly conclude that they were not a little anxious to' win popularity for such ritualistic developments as find slender support from the Court of Arches. The credit of the scheme rests with the reverend fathers of the Society of St. John the Evangelist, at Cowley, Oxford. At the doors of some of the ritualistic churches were sold works edited under their superintendence, containing novel services, including one entitled ' ine llenewai or .Baptismal vows,' ana another — ' Confession.' This last is especially marked by priestcraft. Observe this extract :— ' Take care to be plain and simple; and if you find it difficulty aslt, the Priest to help you. If you doubt whether anything you have done was , sinful, ash the Priest. A form of Con fession .?—In the ;name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the ? Holy Ghost: I confess.to God Almiglity, and to our Lord Jesus Christ, before all the company of Heaven, and to you my Father, that I have sinned very much in thought, word, and deed, through my own great, fault. [Then tell the Priest your sins.~] I am truly sorry for these and all my other sins, which I cannot now remember ; and I pray God to pardon me, and you my Father to give one penance, counsel, and absolution.' In the ritualistic churches the matter, manner, and aspect of the services have been so revolutionised that the introduction of novelties no longer excites surprise. In fact, the Booh of Common Prayer is now a misnomer, and, without being foreigners or Nonconformists, ordinary Churchmen get lost in follow ing the circumlocutions and .ceremonial posturings. The difficulty is aggravated by the mumbling and intoning instead of reading and praying. Even of the Scripture lessons and the Epistle and Gospel it is only possible to catch a familiar verse here and there. One of the ablest of the preachers was the Rev. G. Body, of Wolver hampton, whose ritualistic excesses have been the subject of a com plaint to the Bishop of Lichfield. The Times'' reporter, who appears to have listened complacently to his preaching, said — ' Mr. Body speaks with great eloquence, power,. and intense earnestness. His appeals to his hearers when urging them to immediately decide for Christ are most pathetic and touching ? When he, in a winning and subdued tone of voice, affectionately implores those who listen to him to sur render themselves at once to the Lord, and subsequently thunders forth his anathemas against the apathetic sinner sleeping on the verge of a precipice, unconscious of his imminent danger, and urges him to rouse himself from the slumber of death and the Lord will give him light, he is only doing what Whitfield and John Wesley did before him, and with such great results. After each service Mr. Body intimates that he is waiting all day in the vestry to see, con verse, and pray with all penitents who may desire advice as to the salvation of their souls. He says plainly that he has no power in himself of absolving from sin, and pointing to the image of our blessed Saviour over the altar, he says it is to Him, and Him only, that the sinner must' look for forgiveness of sin and for peace. He afterwards said, ' If you come to me I don't ask you, if against your conscience, to confess your sins to me. I will receive and talk to you in your own way. I will not bind you to any particular form. I will advise with you, read to you, pray with you. I desire not to inter fere with the prejudices of any one. My only wish is to assist you on the road to peace with God through Jesus Christ.' ' Confession . appears with many of these Eomanisers to have been the key note of the mission services. At St. Paul's, Knightsbridge, on one occasion, the Rev. Mr. Bennett, after urging the absolute necessity of the confessional in the case of '..mortal sins, made the tour of the church urging confession; Approaching a lady the reverend confessor received . the f ollowing. reply— 'Sir, I am a Catholic, and yours is a .bad imitation : of -our. religion.' Romish doctrine appears to have been -enunciated with more than ordinary boldness. At Christ Church, Clapham, in the course of his sermon, the curate of ? the parish: said thai the doctrine taught by the only true Church ever since the crucifixion of our Lord was that the bread and wine (pointing to the ' altar ') is, after .consecration, by the fire of the Holy Spirit, transformed into the very body and blood of Christ. The instruction class conducted by the Kev. Provost For tescue (of St. Ninian's, Perth) followed. He announced that on the following Thursday there would be a ceremony which would be called '?'the renewal of the baptismal vows.' The service used would be that appointed in the Prayer-book for the baptism of adults. He exhorted all those who intended to take part in the ceremony to go to ' confession ' previously, to their vicar, who, as the supreme iiu.umji.Lujr iu biitu/ mutum, iitiu iusu ciiLunuiioeu. mm i/U xeueivu uuii fession ' from any one who had been led by the services for the first time to feel the need of it. Mr. Fortescue then proceeded to explain the duty of 'satisfaction for sin,' or, as it is called in ecclesiastical language, he said, 'penance.' Some sins, he continued, are of such a nature that they can be, as it were, undone ; the sins of pride, for instance, should be made . amends for bv acts of humility; but at all times, he urged, the 'penance' should be of such a nature as would cause pain or self-denial. The very flippant way in which Mr. Fortescue spoke of different sins caused an audible laugh more than once throughout his audience. Indeed, some of his expressions were of such a nature as to be entirely unfit for the cars of a congregation composed mostly of ladies. Our readers will wonder what new service can be meant by the Renewal of Baptismal Vows. At St. Alban's, Holborn, the ceremony was earned out in a remarkable and elaborate manner. At eight o'clock the church was filled to overflowing, a large proportion of the congregation being working men and women, many of the women with babies in their arms. The body of the church was railed off for the accommodation of those who intended to renew their 'vows,' one side for the women a2id the other for the men. After the usual mission service, the Rev. 'Father' O'Neill preached the sermon, which, though earnest and simple, was not an exception to the singu lar n'TTT'fnrm t f.v ttti-^Ti iTrli7**»li flt/n /Inf-ir nF ((/-niTfAc;.Q7rvT» ' Vina l--£ir»?i m»nwl upon the people. Mr. O'Neill then explained the nature of the cere mony which was about to be performed, and said that what remained unconsumed of the candles which would be distributed might be taken home and kept to be burnt in the hour of death as a happy memento of the day. Two large trays of candles were then blessed at the 'altar,' and, while a hymn was being sung, were lighted and distributed among the ' penitent,' to the number of between four and five hundred. The effect produced by the united glare of these tapers was striking, the body of the church appearing one blaze of light, while the side aisles and 'chancel' were in com parative darkness. The continual bowing at the name of 'Jesus' made the lights at times appear to be waving up and down. As soon as all were provided with light, Mr. O'Neill said, ' This is indeed a glorious and happy time. You are in the presence of God, and stand like virgins with their lamps trimmed.' The questions usually asked of the godfathers and godmothers in the baptismal service were then put, and the corresponding promises made by the ' penitents ' in a solemn and impressive manner. This part of the ceremony over, a procession of the whole congregation with their lights was organised. First came an acolyte swinging a ; censer, accompanied by another bearing incense ; they were followed .by the choristers, and clergymen vested. in richly embroidered and coloured robes. Among the latter were 'Father' O'Neill, Mr. Mac konochie, and several members of the Society of St. John the Evangelist. Then came the men and boys, women, Sisters of Mercy, and girls, with their lights, to the number of 500, accompanied with . banners hi the form of crosses. The processionists appeared to be of all ages and of all ranks in life ; not a few however being evidently of the very . poor class in which the neighbourhood of the church abounds. Hymn after hymn was sung as the procession moved \- slowly on. After having made the circuit of the church, the clio . risters and clergymen remained in the chancel, while the penitents reseated themselves, and then Father O'Neill pronounced the benedic tion. This extraordinary ceremony concl uded at a quarter to 1 1 o'clock. Those who object to an excess of the aesthetic clement in divine wor ship will learn from one of these revivalists what New Testament character was their unhappy prototype. At St. Michael and All Angels, Shorcditch, the preacher was 'Father' Burridge, of Folke . stone. His subject was the character and fall of Judas Iscariot, the betrayer. There was much in the sermon that was earnest and searching, but mingled with this there were sharp controversial hits. ' Tims, on the well-known question, ' Why was not this ointment sold ? and given to the poor?' he observed that Judas was the first ' for cheap worship,' and he drew the inference that those who now deprecated expenditure on beautifying church service, dragging its promoters before the law cour-ts, and opposing their entry on the .priesthood, are followers of Judas, Again, in form, Judas, after his awful sin, did all that was required of the penitent, confessing to a 2)ricst, making restitution, &c;, but he did it with a hardened heart, and therefore it failed of effect. Even he might have been pardoned had he fallen at the foot of the cross ; and then — pointing to the ' altar' — the preacher directed attention to the body of Chz'ist about to appear there — to that ' altar,' shortly to 'reek' with His blood — and so on, proclaiming in the strongest terms the doctrine of the corporal presence. Amid the jubilations that attended the boasted success of this singular mission, it is well to observe, not so much what the Church press thought of the movement as what was remarked in solemn seriousness by good men. The Rev. W. Rogers would not deny the zeal, earnestness, and power with which that movement had been sustained. But two fundamental errors — the doctrine of auricular or private confession, and that of the bodily presence of Christ in the sacrament — gave a taint to the whole work. ' He felt that these doctrines, which tended to exalt unduly the office of the priesthood, were just those which j were most contrary to the principles of the Church of England, 'and f that if they were to prevail, then the Reformation for which our }' [ fathers bled and died was stultified. The time was come when men must speak out, and declare whether they hold to the principles of | i. Protestantism, or whether they believed in something else.' In the course of his sermon at St. Augustine's, Highbury New Park, the Rev. y. Gordon Calthrop explained why he (and the same may be said for j ? the other Islington clergy) declined the invitation to join in the recent [;? movement. His text was, ' How can two walk together except they | be agreed ?' The ' mission' invitation seemed to speak fairly enough, but the suggestions accompanying it betokened its character, all too truly developed in its actual conduct. The preachers in many cases might and did set forth Christ, and in so far as Christ was preached, he could not but ' rejoice ;' but afterwards, in the intervention of the :, confessional and the priest, the teaching of the pulpit was practically I negatived. And then the end — the blessing, lighting, and parading I of the candles by the penitents — the candle-ends to be kept as the % p.nmfnvfRrs nf n. rlvinc- bnnr ! ! The thincr moved his indi.ona/tvinn — it i was so puerile, so blasphemous. Warmly as he was attached to the Church of England, it made him hang down his head for a Church in which such things were practised. Bishop Samuel Wilberforce. — The Lord Bishop of Winchester, , late of Oxford, is more than ever the observed of all observers, whilst the angel of death seemed to hover over Lambeth. Will the career of this eloquent but subtle prelate and diplomatist ever be ex plained ? Will posterity solve the riddle ? He seems the most re markable illustration of certain eloquent men and clever reasoners of old ' who sat in Moses' seat,' and the injunction given to their * catechumens will hold with but little mutatis mutandis now. The Bishop has been making a farewell address to his old diocese, a per fect masterpiece, a rich treat to all listeners, and in this address his Lordship exalted the Reformation and condemned ritualism. It is well known that for years past the diocese of Oxford has been a hot bed of extreme ritualism. Ten years ago many of the anti-ritualistic clergy thought it incumbent upon them to make known their senti ments to the Bishop, and did so in an address, which elicited an ex- f] presfiion of opinion from his Lordship. He treated most of the things || complained of as trifles, justified the use of the cross in our churches j! ' as distinct from the Romish superstitions of the crucifix,' and ex- % cused super-altars or altar- shelyes, and processions. More recently \ (1867) the feeling of abiding dissatisfaction has been expressed in the ; lay declaration of 200 m ale communicanta at Reading. They referred | to the previous address (in 1859), with an expression of regret that it \ had failed to accomplish its wished-for results. They went on to ij state the sad conviction of the existence of a wide-spread apostacy jj from Protestantism, especially in that diocese ; a result greatly, though j not exclusively, ascribed to his Lordship's recognised sympathies : — ! ' In your Lordship's elaborate, but in our judgment singularly am- ; biguous and unsatisfactory charge of December last, you con- | gratulate the diocese on its freedom from ' ritualistic extrava- f gances.' We must respectfully demur to the accuracy of this | statement. But even admitting the outward manifestation of f iiltra- ritualism to be comparatively rare, we are deeply persuaded I that in no diocese is there greater preponderance of that doctrinal I teaching of which ritualism is nothing more than the natural fruit I and expression. It is true that in the charge referred to ' extreme Ij ritualism' is gravely rebuked ; that Rome is declared to be the j: ' oldest and deadliest enemy ' of the Church of England, and all * attempts at union with Rome are strongly denounced ; but the defini- ;? tion of what ritualism really consists, or of the doctrines from which ; it springs, and ' of which rites are the shadows,' is nowhere to be : found ; while in other of your Lordship's remarks you appear to re build the things you had just before been destroying, and re- establish ; the very principles which it seemed your intention to condemn. We deem it right, therefore, publicly to give expression to our opinions, being satisfied that they will be re-echoed by a large number of the ? reflecting lay members of the Church of England in this diocese and [ elsewhere ; and wishing your Lordship to be aware that instead of ' that ' harmony ' which, ' to a degree rare at this time, almost every- \ where' is said in your charge to abound, widespread distrust i and apprehension really exist. Under these circumstances, ? after close observation of your Lordship's episcopal career, and impelled by the deep conviction that the present is ', the most important religious crisis which has come upon Eng- ' land since the Reformation, we feel it our bounden but painful duty respectfully, yet frankly, to state that we have no confidence . in the course pursned by your Lordship as our spiritual guide.' . t Bearing in mind the undisguised dissatisfaction of the truth-loving people of Reading, our readers may be left to ponder the following ? ; eloquent extract from an address in 1869 : — ' Our Church and nation ''?? deliberately at the Reformation rejected at once the tyrannous \ usurpation of the Bishop of Rome and the whole system of super- ;? stitious accretions which, under the shadow of the Papacy, had, moss- ' like, .overgrown the fan* proportions of primitive truth. This great ' restoration of an earlier purity was obtained at the price of a con.- j. vulsion which could hardly fail to injure and even destroy some things, and to endanger more, which, though good and valuable in themselves, were by accident connected more or less directly with the discarded errors of Eome. As time passed on, the loss of these, inevitable as it was, and to be willingly encountered as the price of the great gain of recovered purity, made itself felt. Negligence, carelessness, sloth, and coldness of heart increased the evil. On this state of things broke occasional times of refreshing from the presence of the Lord. Such, he doubted not, was the great evangelical move ment which revived personal religion at the end of the last and be ginning of the present century. Such, again, was that awakening of the Church's personal life Avhich was known commonly by the name of the Oxford movement. Both these aimed at rousing dormant energy and spiritual life within our own reformed Church. Both, in their main action, though with human imperfections, mistakes, and failures, tended to accomplish those results. The changes intro duced or attempted by each were a prolongation of the actually existing mind which planned our sacred edifice. They might in many of their details be wise or unwise, successful or unsuccessful, but both sought to perfect, not to change, the Church of England. To the efforts of both, those who believe with equal faith in her catholicity and in the Reformation might, if their minds had breadth enough to free them from party trammels, heartily wish God speed. But there was another set of changes which men might aim at introducing, which did not tend to the perfecting of our own system, but to the introduction of that which, in whole or in part, was another. Such chanses. whether or not their advor.n/tfis sn.w fhp. rvmnin si nn tn whirVh they were naturally leading, symbolised a body different from our own, and tended, as far as they were allowed, to transform our own into it. To give an instance of one practice, the growth of which he viewed with great reprehension — there was a tendency unquestionably manifested in certain quarters to change the idea of the Holy Eucharist from a communion of the faithful into a function of the celebrating priest. Such a change in his most mature judgment was no lawful progress, no increased reverence for that great sacrament, upon the lines of our own Church, but an adoption of the view, and therefore of the practice, of another Church, to whose doctrine it naturally belonged, whereas it was absolutely subversive of that which was received among us. In strict agreement with what we believed to be consistent with the reading ; of Holy 'Writ and the teaching of the primitive Church, we did not regard the communion of the faithful as an accident of the Holy Eucharist, which might be added to or separated from it at will, leaving the great function of intercession untouched by the omission, but as of the very essence of the sacrament itself. The mysterious presence and the actual communion were bound indis solubly together. At its institution our Lord said, 'Take, eat, this is My body.' St. Paul addressed the Corinthians, - The bread that we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ ? ' Such was the custom of those first Christians who came together on the first day of the week, not to see even an apostle celebrate, but to 'break bread,' or in other words, to partake of the consecrated elements. From this primitive and scriptural rite, the solitary mass of Kome was so absolutely unwarranted a deviation that we could have no assurance that it did not altogether -overthrow the very nature of the- sacrament. It was certain that the practice was most intimately connected, both as cause and consequence, with the greatest practical corruptions of the Papal Communion. Whatever, then, tended to its introduction among us appeared to him to threaten the existence of our whole religious system, as it belonged . to our reformed Church. Such tendencies he saw in the attempt to make the celebration at the principal Sunday morning service impressive if not gorgeous as a display, while congregations were urged to remain through the service as spectators, but not as commu nicants. _ Such a tendency he saw in the multiplication of choral communions, if the members of the choir did not themselves commu nicate. The very purpose for which these practices were recom mended seemed to him at variance with the time idea of the Eu charist ; for effectual with God as we doubted not this great appointed act of the Church's intercession was, he knew no ground for supposing that prayers offered up in its presence by those who did not partake of it were one whit more prevailing than prayers at any other time or in any other place. Nor did it seem to him that a surrounding crowd of non- communicants did any honour to the blessed sacrament ; on the contrary, to remain and not to communicate seemed to him to dishonour Christ's institution, and to injure the soul of the worshipper. Far truer, far more reverent, far safer for the unprepared soul, was the old warning which before the Scripture history commenced proclaimed to the unbaptised, the catechumen, and the unreconciled Pagan, ' And ye now depart.' Against these changes with his parting voice he warned them. Never, as far as he could read the signs of the times, had there been a period when free union with the corrupt communion which had ever persecuted our reformed Church was more impossible than now. More and more, by an arrogance which increased with her weakness, by a growing intolerance for truth which she once endured, by a new fruitfulness in error, and by a blind infatuation which looked to him almost like a judicial sentence, and which made her able to forget truth only, and to learn nothing but falsehood, the Papal See was losing its old vigour in Italy, its old adherents in Germany, and its most enlightened children in France. At such a ? moment, we were told, its hopes concentrated on England. It had always been and it still remained the special charge of the Church of England to resist these invidious assaults ; nor, God helping her, would she resist in vain. The sects, like the undisciplined man whose burning zeal could not compensate in the terrible time of invasion the lack of disciplined movements and compact organisation, would soon fall before the Church of Eome ; but the Catholic Church of England, while she was true to herself and to her God, would, in Christ's strength, ward off from this nation so tremendous an evil as its subjugation to the yoke of the Papacy. Pope Pius IX. — Dr. Gumming may well be proud of drawing into correspondence, (albeit through an indirect channel) the wearer of the fisherman's ring. His Holiness has written another letter to Archbishop Manning, which can be regarded either as intended fos . Printing-house Square or Montague Place. He hears they have so misunderstood his words ' as to believe that no way is left open to them of making known the difficulties which keep Protestants separated from the Catholic Church, and that almost all approach is cutoff.' 'Never certainly have we wished to impose silence upon those who, misled by their education, and believing their opinions to be right, think that their dissent from us rests upon strong argu ments which they would wish to be examined by wise and prudent men. For although this cannot be done in the Council, there will not be wanting learned divines, appointed by ourselves, to whom they may open their minds, and may with confidence make known the reasons of their own belief ; so that even out of the contest of a dis cussion, undertaken solely with a desire of finding out the truth, they may receive a more abundant light to guide them to it.' Of course Dr. dimming returns to the charge. He writes at once to the Times: — - ' I beg to assure him that, as far as my means of information reach, no such impression exists, and that ' wise and prudent men' are as accessible to us in England as in Italy. What priest or prelate in the Propaganda or in the approaching Council can be named superior to Dr. Newman in acuteness of intellect, in logical power, or varied information ? He is always ready to receive applicants for instruc tion. Why, therefore, undertake a journey to Rome in order to obtain what can be had fully as well by a three hours' ride to Birmingham ? Were we allowed to make our statement to the Council and receive its judicial sentence on the merits of that statement, the Pope might then inform us that an infallible judgment had been given, and there fore he might summon us to rush into his fatherly arms and be recon ciled. Besides, if the Pope is to be proclaimed by the Council as ? personally infallible, would it not be better for me to wait till after this decision, and then to request an audience and hear — what he can then give — an infallible judgment ? The infallible Council will have separated, but the infallible Pope will remain. I refuse to ' avail myself of the opportunity' of anything short of an infallible Council or an infallible Pope. I am denied the former ; shall I be honoured with the latter ? One need not go to Rome for ' prudent and eminent men.' They can be had at home. But where is the infallible Council ? Where shall I hear an infallible Pope 1 There is not now, and there never was, such a phenomenon on earth. The Pope pro nounces our doctrines to be errors condemned already. This is the very subject on which I want to give and re ceive information. By whom are these doctrines condemned ' ' and branded as errors 1 I deny the competency of the last General Council held at Trent to pronounce these doctrines to be errors. I maintain and am ready to prove that this tribunal was itself a gigantic error. The whole of that book which Protestants and Roman Catholics equally accept as divine is an appeal to the con science and private judgment of the laity. Its epistles are addressed to . ymen, and the lay Christians of Galatia are told by the inspired apostle, ' If we or an angel from heaven preach to you any other gospel, let him be anathema.' These lay Christians could therefore, in the exercise of private judgment, say what was and what was not the truth. Rome has silenced the conscience and extinguished the light of intellect, and her Popes and councils, in the midnight that follows, call light darkness and darkness light. It is the title-deeds of the tribunal that I can prove to be forgeries. Thereby it will be seen that these ' errors condemned ' by Popes and synods are eternal truths, bearing on their brows the signature and the superscription of Heaven, and that the dogmas they have substituted for them are no more the truths of Heaven than the gaslights on our streets are the stars in the sky.' The Eastern Church and the Lambeth Encyclical. — Turn- ing from a correspondence conducted partly in the language of Cicero, we find another in that of Demosthenes. We always thought the Lambeth Encyclical in its Greek dress a credit to Bishop Words worth's scholarship. A reply from the Patriarch of Constantinople has reached the Archbishop of Canterbury. Unfortunately the Patriarch does not discuss the missive with its phrases redolent of Clemens or Polycarp, nor does he bestow any praise upon the collects and services of the Prayer-book enclosed in the same packet, formu laries that would be in so rnany cases familiar to himself. The Lam beth fathers had (shall we say) unwittingly forwarded the 39 articles, inclusive of the 19th, byway of hastening the reconciliation of the Anglican with the Eastern communion. The Patriarch thought that many of the statements in other articles savoured too much of novelty, whilst that which is said (Art. 19), 'As the Churches of Jerusalem, Alexandria, and Antioch have erred, so also the Church of Rome hath erred, not only in their living and manner of ceremonies, but also in matters of faith,' deprived the Eastern churches of the orthodoxy and perfection of the faith — (let us be permitted to say that accusations of our neighbours are out of place in a distinguished confession of faith). .' These statements throw us into suspense, so that we doubt what we are to judge of the rule of Anglican orthodoxy. We would therefore pray with our whole soul to the Author and Finisher of our salvation to enlighten the understanding of all with the light of His knowledge, and to make of all nations one speech of the one faith, and of the one love, and of the one hope of the Gospel ; that with one mouth and one heart, as merciful- children of one and the same mother, the Church — the Catholic Church of the first-begotten —we may glorify the Triune God.' Bishop Goodwin's Successor. — The vacant Deanery of Ely has been offered to the Rev. Charles Merivale, B.D., formerly Fellow and Tutor of St. John's College, Cambridge, honorary D.C.L. of Oxford, and Chaplain to the House of Commons. The appointment is calcu lated to give great satisfaction to the residents of the University, among whom Dr. Merivale long held a distinguished place. The venerable Canon of St. Paul's, the Rev. Thomas Dale, is understood to have declined the same post. The new Bishop op Exetek. — As was to be expected, the Dean and Chapter of Exeter with but six dissentient voices have obeyed the congt d'ttire and confirmed the appointment of Dr, Temple« Many at this end of the world will have asked with the Church n : Meview — ' Why was the cabinet so very unanimous in putting pres i; sure upon Dr. Temple to consent to be a bishop? We ask,' adds that journal, ' who could be better 1 Was he not Mr. Gladstone's supporter ??;? at Oxford? Was he not for the disestablisment of the Irish. Church ? ; Is he not one of Her Majesty's chaplains? Is he not a Rugbeian? . Is he not a Conscience Clause man? As the whole weight of the Government is to be thrown into the balance of the secular education ? mongers, it would be strange if they did not desire to have some one on the bench of bishops to enter heartily into their views. Take all in all, is not Dr. Temple the incarnation of a Gladstone, a Lowe, and Bright Cabinet ? As yet the Government can only reckon upon the Bishop of St. David's as a thorough-paced Liberal prelate. Dr. Temple, we may be quite sure, will never be shut out in the lobby when his vote is wanted. The Liberal Government wanted an episcopal go ahead, a,nd they have secured him in Dr. Temple.' Bishop Dupanloup on the Infallibility or1 the Pope.— The Paris journals contain a letter, addressed by Monseigneur Dupanloup to the clergy of the diocese of Orleans, in which his lordship de clares himself adverse to a definition of the personal infallibility of the Pope as inopportune. His lordship says that a declaration of personal infallibility would be inopportune at the present time, be ;: cause it would be useless and dangerous ; would drive schismatics and heretics still further from the church, their restoration to which ought not to be despaired of ; would provoke the mistrust even of Catholic Governments, and would revive the hatred of the Pontifical Power. .'?'??. 