UNDER THE SPELL. nY FnEDERICK WILLIAM ROBINSON. COIAPTER XXII. Iw the meantime Mr. Gurnett and his daughter Prudence were enjoying their holiday near Abbotsbury. They had met together to enjoy themselves. They had re :olved to be happy, and the affection exist ent between them made their task far from difficult. Free from the cares of office, with all thoughts of the business days past, or the business days to come, kept as much as possible in the back ground, there was nothing to mar their felicity in the early days of their holiday. A long, long while since, they had met together. A time long looked for had come at last-the father and daughter side by side again, in the pleasant county of Dorset, listening morn and night to the dash of the waves on the Chesil Bankl Prudence was the best of companions for a nervous man like DMr. Gurnett. She under stood her father's eccentricities, and knew that. thought with him was dangerous. Ever a bright smile and a laughing speech, to chase the careworn looks from Mr. Gur nett's face; ever talking of their future life together, when the money each had saved should buy a little cottage near the sea, such as they were lodging in at that time. It was a sample of the halcyon days to come, and Mr. Gurnett, wandering about the Chesil Bank, or strolling between green hedgerows with his daughter, was not the nervous, dreamy man who taught Greek and Latin at the Limes. A fortnight of that holiday made a younger man of him, squared his shoulders, set his head more firm upon them, gave even a slight twinkle of humour to' his keen, grey eyes. He was always congratulating himself on having such a daughter as Prudence ; al ways wondering at his daughter's spirits, and thanking God for them as heartily as if they were his own. When the fortnight had passed, and be had become more grave, and begun to count the days that were left him before he and Prudence renewed their life apart, Prudence drove him away from his brooding fits by saying "VWe must not get dull, papa, because the days are becoming few, and the round of teaching advances nearer every day. You and I are too great philosophers for that! " "I see you seldom. It may be so many years before we meet again." "Doctor Prue says ' no.' " " 0 ! I wish Dr. Prue's word was infal lible," said Mr. Gurnett, with a half sigh. "Doctor Prue has made up her mind for the dose to be repeated every year till further notice. What with looking back at this month's holiday, and looking forward to the next, the world will be couleur do rose, and even refractory pupils little angels." "0 ! Prue, Prue, I fancy you heep your brightest looks, your lightest words for me; and that when this holiday is over you will sink away into the shadows, and become the weary, hardworked woman." "No, no; always the same." "I can see you harassed to death with task mistresses and stubborn pupils, sitting in some little back room, or looking on some dreary playground, and ' sighing like a furnace.' " " Will you value the advice I am about to give you, father ? " "Certainly ! Why should I not? Is not the advice of a good woman akin to inspiration? Shrewd old Chapman says so: Let no man value at a littlo prjce A virtuous woman's counseol, her wing'd spirit Is feathered oftentimes with heavenly words." " Do not draw such a picture of your daughter-it is a fancy sketch, and its colours are too dark. I am really a little bit of a philosopher. I take the ills of life with composure, and let not the horrors gain the mnastery. If you would only look at the bright sides more often, I should not hear you complaining of your nerves. Why, it is not even womanly to cry 'I give up!i'" " Have I ever given up, Prue ? My nerves may be weaker than my will, sometimes; but I am not defeated. There! I will copy your own bright gipsy face, and you shall see no grim lookes this side our holi day." He meant it; but the force of events was hurrying along, and its first rush was to overwhelm him. The Chesil Bank-that thirteen miles stretch of pebbles across the sea to Port land-was a favourite resort of Prudence Gurnett's, in the early morning, before her father had risen. " Early rising had never agreed with Mr. Gurnett's nerves, there fore his daughter had generally two hours of the bracing sea-breeze before she and her sire met at the breakfast-table. These two hours were spent wandering on the Chesil Bank, thinking of the past and the future perhaps, regretting the one, and full of the other. Prudence Gurnott had a great deal to think of in those early hours-how the days of the holiday were drifting away, what a ploasnant holiday it had been, what chances in life there were against another, despite the sanguine assurance she had. given her father. On the hesil Bank, be fore the lined face of Mr. Gurnett turned towards her, there were lookes more grave. Looking out at the broad sea on her loft, the dark face wore a new expression, one of less happiness and more determination. There was the strength to resist, and the courage to endure, imprinted thereon, as the wind roared by her and the heavy waves dashed a few feet beneath her. A stranger, to have seen her at that early hour, standing a mile and a half from the land, her slight figure swaying almost with the wind, her dark earnest oyes turned sea wards, would not have given her credit for much lightness of heart, for the inherent power she possessed to turn to tihe bright aide of life and make others glad thoroin. In the little cottage near the sea, at loer father's side, and with a father's hand panns ing caressingly over heor dlrk braids of halir, waies nho playing a part foireign to her nea tureo; or was it, indilood, that groat gift of 'intling ?aurowrn and wrlng, and lttiCng the light thoughts aend birilght fantiesn spearnl f'?, to tine Iurfiu?e? VWall thlirne nlilly ellinlr't in heir rnilee ; nor, ait her ftnthrii'n id, wcenrie thie nllllil art of a lniiw natller wlhillch lhangiiul hie'relll and implulioni? We vew? Il ll thait Ith ftillleIr lol illlln it hiltnilollf; that his ftinny hlad pillinr ld her wlmhing dlliaysi in hliyn v rlly Iltirll ut f[ nio i Ilh ne tIliey wetri enljnlylllg t loethllr; i alln i that Ilio had laugheld anlrilly at thln chtlr'llg;, fletl lenlJdtd not guilty. Well, true or forced, the re sult was to make her father happy. :On the Ohesil Bank she might have darker thoughts. Who amongst the workers of the world has not the dark thoughts uppermost at times? Prudence Gurnett did not always main tain sole possession of the Chesil Bank, oven at the hour of six in the morning, and at the ancient village of Abbotsbury, seldom troubled by more visitors than rode over on fine days from Weymouth and Melcombe Regis. Deep as Prudence had been in'her own thoughts, she had not failed to notice once or twice the heavily draped figure of a female wandering as slowly and as thought fully as herself on the high bank of pebbles above her. They had never met-for Pru dence, who loved the dash of the sea, could scarcely approach too close to it, whilst the visitor preferred the loose pebbles on the bank's summit, and the full force of'the wind from the English Channel. The second early visitor to the OClesil Bank.ap peared to take a greater interest in Pru dence than Prudence in her. On the se cond morning she had paused, and stood for several minutes looking down with no little interest at the figure by the water's. edge. A fortnight had passed thus, and these two early risers had caught 'glimpses of each other every morning-without directly cross ing each other's path. One. memorable morning-the beginning of the end of, all the bright thoughts born of Mr. Gurnett's holiday-Prudence had wandered a' mhile from the mainland, and had taken her seat at the foot of the bank to rest herself, for a while before returning homewards. It was a breezy day, and threatened rain.. A heavy mass of cloud was slowly coming up beyond the sea, and the sun, though bright, was misty. Prudence was beginning to think of this-to regret, perhaps, a day lost in the country, shut up in the little cottage with the rain beating against the lattice window, and the wind roaring down the chimney and. driving the smoke into the room, with her father becoming low-spirited and nervous, fidgeting about the room, and turning over a few old books belonging to the landlady, and regretting none of his favourite old dramatists were of the num ber. Prudence was sketching in her mind some little plan of action to keep her fa ther's mind busy, if the day proved unpro pitious, unaware that from the high motind of pebbles above her the lady of the Chesil Bank, as she had designated her, was watching her. The lady of the Chesil Bank was more curious than usual that morning, for she had been following in the wake of Prudence a considerable time. When Pru dence was seated at the bottom of the bank with one gloved hand supporting her chin, the lady stood and watched her, finally came slowly down the loose pebbly mass, and startled Prudence from her reverie. " Good-morning, miss. You are a constant visitor to the Chesil Bank, I see." "Yes, madam." "Don't rise-you are an invalid." "O, no! Merely a poor Londoner, who cannot possibly make enough of her holiday here." Prudence had leisure to observe the lady as she stood before her at the bottom of the bank; to think she was a real lady, perhaps, from the great house on the cliffs beyond there; one whose position in life gave her authority, as it were, to question' a poor little schoolmistress like herself. Themorn ing dress of her interlocutor was plain and simple; the bonnet was of straw, crossed by a blue ribbon; only the heavy shawl that draped her was to feminine eyes of a rich ness and costliness that told of a high estate. The face was an expressive-almost a mourn ful one, and the eyes were very large and dark. Prudence thought it strange that she should feel the questions put to her so'little out of place, coming from that lady. They seemed evolved more from a strange interest in her than idle curiosity. "You are from London? Ahl! you can enjoy to the full this open sea, then.' " I am fond of the sea. It is such a stran ger to me, madam; it is so grand a change after the bustle of town." "What made you choose Abbotsbury, I wonder ? " she said, with a smile. "It was my father's choice." "You are not alone here, then ? " "No, madam-with my father." " He is not an early riser, like his daughter? He has not his daughter's energy ?" Prudence had risen, and they were walk ing slowly together in the direction of the mainland. "Energy, madam ? " repeated Prudence. "I fancy early risers must be energetio people-not being energetic myself." N` "And yet--" "And yet I am always here as soon. as you are, often at an hour more early. There's a riddle for you, young lady, if you care to read it." "Perhaps you are recommended for .yotr health's sake ? " " You are quick in your surmises-more, you are correct. My doctors tell me early rising, and long, methodical walks by the sea-shore, are the best means to save my nerves, and keep me from a hasty breaking up. Doctors are strange people. They do not calculate the race we spring from' or consider sufficiently the manners and cus toms of our ancestors. I come of a race that breaks up suddenly-can I expect to be more strong than all the rest ? . It was a peculiar tone-almost a reckless one-in which she spoke; and Prudence looked into the face of the speaker somewhat curiously. " I don't much care to be strong. To be strong, is to grow in time old and wrinkled and palsied, like the old women at the union. Surely, my days have been long enough in the land! " This was an eccentric lady; on the lonely Chesil Bank, Prudence was inclined to feel nervous at her strange demeanour. She essayed to turn the conversation by talking of the weathor-by asking the lady if she thought the day would oeveontually prove a woet one. " Those grey clouds are ominous. Do you intend to stay long hIer ? "Twelvo or fourtoen days more, madam; no longer." . "You cannot ilbord too miany wet days sout of them. VWell, ifr twelvc or fourteeon dayl 11' t1ll eae you herrs, then, that is if I OI:lln etnm l (11ngo to con tinuie thes niornI ing peIri lulila, What aI foolih wonenlll I hIvnl Ien all thin tlu inut to have ao11110 I ?olu.nunin of' ysou bftrel Ma"y 1 ask whart ro 'shihiiin ysou ee? "A tousehusr at it hgovormusont ecliul." "N ziothoier ?" '!No mother," repeated Prudence mourn fully. " I wonder how old you are ?" Prudence could not forbear smiling at this, and the lady burst into rather a wild, yet musical laugh. "Ah! I am a tiresome, inquisitive wo man. Pray forgive me, miss. I have been for so many years locked away from society, that I have forgotten its common usages. No matter, you are young; there is a frank heart in your eyes. I am a reader of the face-yours pleases me." "I am very glad to hear it," said Pru dence, drily. "I don't take readily to faces-I have a horror of new faces, flashing by me in the street, crossing by me in country lanes. I wonder why I should be smitten with yours ! " "So dark and withered for its years, too !" added Prudence. t"I have been a woman of strange fancies all my life. I resolve speedily. I take a sudden fancy here! " SAnd she laid her hand so suddenly on the arm of Prudence that the young teacher started. * "Oh! you are nervous, like me," said she, with another short laugh. "Persons with 'nerves never succeed in the world. Yes; I take a fancy; a secret affinity, or a new electricity of the human system for which philosophers have not yet a name, draws me towards you. I could no more help coming down the bank this morning than I could stay the iron hand of fate that is breaking me up-breaking me up ! " , And the lady gave a little stage wave with her hand that was akin to the extravagant. After a moment, she said quickly " What book is that you read sometimes on the beach-Shakspeare ? " " No; Milton," said Prudence; " a favor ito pocket-volume of my father's." S' Shakspeare is the king of poets. Milton is dull, and heavy, and religious. The fancy of the blind poet chills me-it is powerful, but cold. Yet what a tragedy he might have written for the stage ! Have you Milton with you ?" From a little iaide- pocket in her dress Prtidence produced the volume. "There is a line applicable to you and me -to that affinity I spoke of but a moment since. I wonder if my memory be good enough to find it. I have not had a Milton in my hand since- " She stopped, her colour changed, and the hook dropped on the pebbly beach at her feet.' I' My God; but this is very strange and awful! The hand of fate indeed in all I do, and say, and think. Here is your book, Miss-my memory fails me-the air is very cold-good morning !" And without glancing at Prudence Gur nett. again, she gathered her shawl round her and hurried away. Prudence was at a loss to attribute a reason for the strange do meanour of the lady. She stopped, picked up the Milton, so disrespectfully dropped on the wet pebbles, and slowly retraced her steps towards Abbotsbury, the figure of her late companion some distance in advance of her. For a moment Prudence felt an in atinct to follow her; and then the former suspicions of the lady's sanity assured her that she was better apart from' her late eccentric ,companion. And yet there was 'much method in her madness; she was only a little strange, and people were a little 'trange at times-she was herself. Perhaps there was really a line in the book that the lady. had chanced on, and found it struck home; the lady was of an imaginative, ex 'citable temperament, and believed in destiny. Prudence went home full of thought, and until her hand was on the humble latch of the cottage door had resolved to relate .the whole adventure-such as it was-to her father. At the lastmoment she changed her ,mind. Mr. Gurnett was a nervous man; anything out of the common way disturbed and perplexed him, turned him from the happiness he had come to the sea-shore in search of. She would content herself with saying she, had had a little chat with a strange lady on the Ohesil Bank. She stood at the cottage door looking ,across the fields, along which the lady was still hurrying, with her head slightly bent and the rich shawl drawn tightly round her. Prudence \vas inclined to be imaginative herself that morning; she could almost fancy the stern fate of which the lady had spoken was driving her across the landscape. .A clump of trees would conceal her soon from view. Prudence would watch her till she turned it; and with her' hand on the door latch, Prudence stood in the front little gar a. den and wondered if the lady would look back again before the trees:were passed. It was rising ground there, and Prudence fancied she could see the lady put her hand to her heart as she struggled up the green slope, although her pace seemed still as rapid at that distance. By the trees at last where the ground dipped again, and she bshould lose her. On the rising ground the lady stopped suddenly and turned. Pru dence could see her shade her eyes with her hand and look for a moment towards her and the cottage, her veil and dress fluttering in the wind, and the shawl that still clung tightly to her figure a bright spot of colour in thelandscape. Amoment afterwards and she was gone. Prudence wont into the cot tage, took off her bonnet and mantle, and proceeded to get rid of her thoughtful looks, and of a slight feeling of unaccountable de pression, before her father joined lier. And Prudence succeeded, for she was a girl of strong will; and it was the usual bright face that turned towards Mr. Garnett, as that gentleman came shuffling down in his slip pers ten minutes afterwards. " Bad hours, sir, that Doctor Prue must put a stop to," cried Prudence, running to him and kissing him ; you have lost the sea-breeze and the country air to-day, for it will rain in half-an-hour." " Dear Doctor Pruo is woathorwiso," said Mr. Ournott, as lhe took hlier in his arms; "and dear Doctor Pruo will not begrudge me my late rising, if I toll her I have had such happy dreams." " About the cottag -- our future cot tage?" "Right, girl. luch a cottageo ar this, only with mcorne rotn, ahot thl l dor,,. Well, whero have you ben this norting; sold with what fldvtnturl'rs Ituuav you ieit ? " Prndtlei'e tu 'hiwd ' lg)..htly ll thui ?,ilij.t if' the (hiosl Jihush ; s kh os f it csui't st fri. iluiutolltr thrnli , fit Islls lol r ill , nlly il 11. own; shIl Isttlhithlu ly thiat 1h11) \w' t t) i sly, alid ourlulily In oislt ohf l comtsillinlijil or m!a)ch would not have bidden her good-morning and discoursed on the weather. " Keep up the acquaintance, Prue," said M\r. Gurnett, rubbing his hands; "it may be a chance to better yourself in life. Supposing the lady were to talro a fancy to mhko you her companion in earnest offer you a handsome salary and nothing to do for it. How near we should be to each other!" "You will soon be leaving the Limes and soeeoking your fortune elsewhere." "I am not so sure of that," said Mr. Gurnett; " Mr. Lanceford seems loth to part with me. He has a grand library at the Limes, and I am half inclined to fancy he will make me chief warder of the books when Willie goes to college. So don't throw away a chance of bettering yourself, Pre!" He spoke lightly, but there was sanguine dreaming mid his jesting. He was quick to make a story from nothing, and he could not fancy it very singular that a strange lady should take a fancy to his Prue. Any body would take a fancy to his girl and love her at once-a cheerful, amiable, warm hearted little thing as she was. God bless her Prudence Gurnett was right; her father had lost his chance of leaving home that day. Before breakfast was over the rain was descending heavily, and the leaden appearance of the sky betokened no clearing up. They spent the day together in the small parlour, and Prudence did her best to make the hours pass smoothly; she played chess with her father, sung him all her now songs-she had a fine contralto voice, that made the cottage ring again-she told him all the brightest anecdotes of her teaching experience-and told them in so humorous a way, interspersed with so many quaint re marks characteristic of herself in her best moments, that Mr. Garnett never felt more happy. " What a girl yours be, sir! " said the rustic landlady as she was laying the cloth for dinner that day. Mr. Gurnett was looking from the window at the damp landscape, and his daughter had retired to change her morning dress. Mr. Gurnett had faillen into a dreamy, comfort able state, and was ignorant of his landlady's propinquity till her hard Dorsetshire accent roused him from reverie. " Ay-yes," said he, with a jump at being taken unawares; "what a girl she be, oh-the best of girls, my dear madam! " "Loilce the sunshine, bean't she, sir?" "A happy remark of yours, Mrs. San ders," said the old gentleman, rubbing one hand over the other after his old habit " an exceedingly happy remark. Like the sunshine-yes, exactly. Bright and warm -not alone in herself, but giving the warmth and the brightness to others, and making the heart glow. 0! I don't be lieve there can be such another child under heaven !" "I had a child just loike her, sir, twenty year agone coom Christmas," said Mrs. Sanders, who was inclined to be loquacious and maundering-" all peorits, sir, to the last ! " " God bless my soul ! did she die ? " "Died of consumption, sir. W\eak chest tooked her off in a flash loike. Ah ! the best drop off first, sir, and the bad 'uns is the hardiest." " I hope not-I hope not." This was not such a pleasant old woman, after all; she disturbed his nerves talking of death-of the grim enemy snatching away someone like his Prudence. He wished the woman would go! But the old lady was fond of gossiping, and that dead daughter was a fruitful theme. Mr. Gurnott could not turn her out or change the subject of conversation; and Prudence found them both in tears on her return, and looking the picture of misery. " Why, father, I can't leave you a min ute," she cried, reproachfilly. "Oh! that horrid woman," groaned Mr. Gnrnett. But Prudence was soon stemming the tide, and Mr. Gurnett's smiles were shortly back again. The next day Prudence was at the Ohesil Bank again. The morning was fine, the wind had dropped, and the lash of the waves against the shore was not so furious. Mr. Gurnott, sure of a fine day, had not at tempted early rising, and Prudence Gurnett had the bright day and the bold sea all to herself. All to herself, for the lady came not; for the first time since Prudence's sojourn at Abbotebury she and the lady did not meet. Nothing seen of the lady that day or the next; on the third after the in terview, when Prudence was fancying the lady was ill or had left Abbotsbury, she made her appearance once more. She came straight to Prudence and shook hands with her as if they were old friends. " Had you not given me up for good ? " she asked, with that strange abruptness or forced frankness that Prudence had remarked in the first interview. "I thought you had gone to London, per haps." " Igo to London !" she exclaimed ; "I have not seen the evil city for many a long year; its very noise would kill me now. No -I have been shut in my own dull room here, thinking of my fate. Are you a pre destinarian ? " "No, madam." "Ah! I am. I believe that there is no resisting fate-that we are automatons with no command of ourselves, hurried hither and thither by a stronger will than our own." " It would be a comforting excuse for all the faults we commit madam, could we honestly believe that our sine were marked out for us." The lady looked for a moment intently at Prudence. " You nro quick to respond, but you havo not studied the subjoct-which is too doop and gravo for one of your years. Thore is a fate," she said, with eot tooth, " hard, and uneworving, and cruel !" "'Thero is a merciful God, madam." " Pate leads mo hither to-day," continued nho, not heeding I'rudenco'e remarlk. "' I havo tried to resist it; but lo ! I am hero, n lpowerle?o woman. I would have given all I po(?uessed in the world niot to have oeon your fiace again, nid it is turnlled towiards lio now I " '" Is it lvuih it very ugly fieso?'" vlid ].'rt dlone, with a h.ngh 'l'h luioll u' usruImuu'lln' i tumllll 11 Jl tmi rtlhl I'ure ulr ii m n t it litini, billt, t,l11 1 lul m t not hel ilt tmlm li ,lig to Iheen thl? i oxuhtvagii u cntf l I t " I havo bosn hoping u?l? hlnt houlu w'1th that hur;,' " May I ask for a solution to the riddle ?" I "No! " she answered almost fiercely; "the Ullipus is dead who might have solved it-loved to solve it once. Whore's your Milton ?" " At homo, madam." " Do you leave hero so soon as you antici pated ?-Lot me see, it was twelve or four teen days last Monday ?" " We shall not extend our stay." " I am glad;" she murmured. Prudence made a little mock curtsey, and said " thank you." " You are in better spirits than when I saw you last," said the lady, somewhat caustically. "I have the reputation of bearing a light heart, madam." " But you are a grave woman," was the quick response; "a woman who has borne much trouble herself, and suffered much from the shame of others--a woman who works hard to live. What right have you with a light heart ?" "It may not be so light sometimes as I would make it appear for the sake of another whom I love; but still, there is hope and faith in it." " And that other whom you love is-?" She paused, and seemed to wait somewhat anxiously. " Is my father." " Your father ? " " Yes." "Your father ? " she repeated for the second time, and again Prudence replied in the affirmative. "May I ask his name, without appearing too impertinent ? " " Abel Gurnett." The lady's lips compressed, her eyes sought the ground, then glanced almost mockingly at Prudence. " And there is no such thing as fate ? " she said, with a short laugh. " Well, we will say not. I know nothing of Abel Gur nett, he knows nothing of me; you are a lighthearted frivolous body, and I am a mad woman. Honestly, now, don't you think me mad ? " "No," replied Miss Gurnett; " I may fancy you eccentric, as it is impossible for me to make you out; but I consider you quite sane, at present." " Ah! you are satirical," she said ; " you would put an end to my stage heroics, and remind me what strangers we are to each other. So be it-let us talk common sense for the next half hour, by way of a change. May I lean upon your arm ? " She asked the question almost timidly, and Miss Gurnott, who was not so certain of her companion's sanity as she had asserted, affected not to hear it. She did not care for quite so affectionate a juxtaposition on so early an acquaintance. The lady 'did not repeat the question, but walked on silently by Prudence's side. She talked common sense after that, as they wended their way towards Abbotsbury ;' spolce of the country, of the fine weather and the harvest ; of Preu dance's return to London, and how she would miss the morning walks by the seona-shore when in London again, in a calm, matter-of fact, lady-like tone, singularly in contrast to her past excited demneanour. They parted quietly near the cottage, and the graceful bend of the head, and the leisurely pace with which she proceeded up the rising ground, afforded a marked contrast to the hurried termination of their first interview. They met for several mornings in succes sion after that. Prudence made no effort to escape the meetings; indeed, began to look forward to them with some degree of anxiety. She was interested in the lady, was, to a certain extent, flattered by the lady's interest in her. She would have liked to know the lady's history, wherefore shehobelieved in destiny, why she had chosen Abbotsbury for a hermitage, and who and where were her friends. Destitute of facts to build a story on, Prudence drew freely from her imagina tion, and pictured awwoman whose mind had. been weakened by trouble, who had seen husband and children die off and leave her lonely, till all her woman's sympathies were aroused by the delusion. She had not taken so readily to anyone since her childhood. A short time since, she had thought that she should soon learn .to love Mrs. Lanceford; but the very mystery about this now face roused her far more strangely. And yet there were times when she shuddered at the harsh, unfeminine tones of her voice, and at the strange, unwomanly talk of the world that escaped her now and then. The last day but one of the holiday ar rived, and with it anew phase of her strange acquaintance's character. They had not met on the Chesil Bank that day, but had sauntered' by the sea-shore and under the cliffs where the white sand had collected. Suddenly, the lady had said "You leave here the day after to morrow? " "Yes, by the early government train." "Is it absolutely necessary that you travel parliamentary? Are you so poor as that?" "I am of a saving turn of mind, but not particularly poor. The money that I save by travelling economically, I shall put up for the bright day to which I am looking for ward."' " Will you tell me what that is?" Prudence spoke of the cottage she and her father were going to inherit some day. "A dreamy perspective-it will never come true.. Too far in the distance, and the chances of life too much against you ! " "I trust not." "And is that the end of life-the highest good to which you look forward,-nursing a sick parent in his dotage ? You are a strange girl." "I shall be very happy ! " "You will got married, and have children to love more dearly than your father. You will learn to smile at this day-dream." "I shall never marry, madam! " "Nononso ! " "No manr cares to marry a mystery, and I could not be open and frank to him who sought me." "?You htavo your secret, then ? " 'Yes." " An old family ocrot ?" " Yen." 'I'hero was nothing likeo nunehino on that larlh 'to, then, " T,ivo in the preoent, child, and leave the plit to itilf. You lhave dune no wrong, I I I |ll l , n I'rudl 11ce litl u,,t n "iit ir, andll they walketd "n f r s , ulll lll hi l ?In hillltn . 'l hel y w, r rIII l. true le their way, ,lhen thu lady etull"Id it i wiin Il ill i ln i hol ili, e dl eIn --. " 'I's leal t I ke h hIlh road, I will lavey you hori." "Good-morning. Should I not see you again, good-by-and pray give up your t idone of fatality." "I shall be on the bank to-morrow, if the f day be fine; but I have provided against r contingencies, and am prepared to say good by at onlce." She hold out her hand, and Prudonco placed hers within it, then looked up with f surprise as she felt something hard in her clasp. "Keep this in remembrance of the flighty woman you mot on the Chesil Bank, will c you?" " What is it-nothing valuable, I hope ?" "A little trinket that I shall not miss. It's worth but little-false Prench jowollery t that I do not offer for the valuo's sake; but I pray, keep something of mine-do, for God's r sake!" " " Madam! " cried Prudence, reproach fully. But the lady had darted up the cut- 1 ting in the wild manner characteristic of her t first interview, and Prudence was loft stand ing with a morocco case in her hand. After a moment's consideration she opened the case, and found therein a bracelet fashioned like a serpent, and sot with many jewels that I were excellent imitations of rubies and dia monds as they sparkled in the sun. Pru dence hastened up the chalk cutting to the summit of the cliff. She had her doubts of the value of the bracelet, and was anxious to return it. But only the sharp wind mot her. on the hoighits, and the lady of the Chesil Bankl was nowhere to be soon. There was a gay little villa fronting the sea a short distance from Prudence, and she fancied that might be the lady's house ; but there was no sign of her in the garden, or at the open bow-window, where the muslin curtains were being tossed by the sea-breeze. Pru dence went on the high road with no hotter success, and reached the cottage without meeting her late companion. Mr. Gurnott was anxiously waiting for her, walking up and down the front garden, and nervously changing his stick from his right hand to his loft, and back again. "Hfow very late you are this morning, Prue! " said he, half fretfully; although his filce beamed again at her appronach. "I have met the lady of the Chesil Bank again-mot with quite an adventure." "Toll it me at breakfast; the eggs are as hard as bullets, and your adventure may amuse me while I lay the foundation for a week's indigeostion." " Why, father, you are quite angry with me!" "No, my dear, no he answered quick ly; "don't think that. Just a trifle disap pointed; iecauso the days are few with us, and I wanted them very long- theseo last two. Why I rose half an hour earlier ! Now, my dear Prue, "What plots hive we now in hand ? They say, when only one dame is alone She plots same mischiefor; but if three together They plot throb hundred." "But we weore two together." "GQuite right; but I did not consider it just to mine ancient author to change his text for the saltke of the accuracy. Here shei is, Mrs. Sanders," he cried to that honest landlady, who entered with the coffee; " and shte ihas not boon blown away, Ohesil Bank and all, like that lady in the distressing story with which you favoured me just now." "Ali! poor body, it was true enough, though; and though the Chesil Bank came back right as ever with the next tide, the lady didn't." "Bat surely her ghost did, or it is not half a legend," said AMr. Gurnett, who could afford to smile now at the story; " for I will have a ghost; nay, I will have a compa tence of ghosts." Mrs. Sanders said she did not know where he'd find them then, and went out of the room somewhat indignant. Prudence and Mr. Gurnett began their breakfast, and for fear of disturbing her father and spoiling his appetite, Prudonco deferred her narra tive till Mr. Gurnott had got through his hard eggs. " Well, now then," he said, impatiently; " and be brief, my dear, for I intend a long stroll this morning." "Are you a judge of jewellery, papa ?" " I have not had any to judge since I lost my fortune in rash speculations many years ago; but I fancy the real thing is not difll cult to detect. What have you found? The necklace of diamonds that the young lady wore when she was blown away with the Chesil Bank, in ages remote ?" Prudence placed the case in his hands. Mr. Gurnett opened it, toolk the serpent therefrom, and looked with the eye of na con noissour at the jewels with which the head wans encruted. " Something next door to first-rate. We must advertise it, Prue; a hundred pounds sterling at least sunk here, to feed some fine lady's vanity. And the moral to that vanity is the loss of the serpent. O, the fair eyes weeping and the white teeth gnashing by this time." "This is a present, papa." "What?" Mr. Gurnott pushed back his chair, and looked with amazement at his daughter. Prudence briefly told the story, and threw a little more light on the character of the lady whom she had lately been in the habit of meeting. " Mad as a March hare, Prudence. A mad lady's maid, perhaps, making off with her mistress's things; and inclined to do the generous at other people's expense. This must be returned, Prue." '" I am anxious to return it." 'WeVo must not leave it till to-morrow. We must seek her out, find her place of residonc, and explain to her that we can not receive such costly gifts. Toll me more about this-this woman," said ?Ir. Gurnett, becoming grave. "Tlhere in somnothing mysterious hero; I don't like it." Prudenc entered into furtler details; told plainly and simply the whole story, even to the dropping of Milton ol the Chesil Bank. She ondeavourod to give a light turn to the wholo narrativo, but in this instance faiiled. Mr. Burnott was becoming graver overy instant. " I'erhilip h:io thoughtl flats distinod ny hrown wrist foir i oi v hlllale i l tan loriinini' lt lt, H ill iiielco a griat deol of ltr fatel," SMr. uIrmhtt ipung up.-thi n drpipod bIInr in hi, c-huir, d11101d hil, arm ald hed1 imi,,ing.t 1th1 toli.thihuon s wi'ldly, il lit iuci r en. , ftll bievily' ti the, flri', Swhr, it lIay hl)/ d iin,, lilt," 11 hil18 fi' evii luht id cru : t "i hi, Vll it ,ui't ih that .it c .,t h that, atltcr aill thunus iiuilui,'' Irie i?r/ iu e,h without looking up. "I will believo any thing but that! And yet the gift-the strangeness of the woman-the belief in fate. Still that old, old folly that brought about her ruin. Prudence!" Prudence was at his sido, her arm round his nock, and her dark hair mixing with the grey. Sho was as white as marble-but as firm. " Pruo, Pruo, did you never have the suspicion what all this might possibly moan ? That out of a thousand chances, this only one might, by God's will, fall at our foot?" "I have not thought so, until---" "Until now. Yes, and now it is the wakening. It would account for every thing! But, my poor girl, you must be firm; this is a great trial for you. Look at mo-how strong and full of nerve I am! Don't give way, Pruo! " Mr. Gurnett was shaking in every limb; but he was anxious to afford her consola tion. "Trust me." "Pick up the bracelet, Prue; let us soet out at once. That villa on the coast you spoko of is very likely to be the house--more than likely, remembering what she is. I pray it may be fancy." "Why? " "I Why ! Do you ask me that question is it possible t ". " We may be weak and powerless for good-I am sure of that; but may there not be some little comfort in knowing her to lave something left of the woman's heart the woman's love ? " " God knows if this be any proof of love ! Could she have had any when--" "Cease-lot us go." They loft the cottage together in great haste, forgetting the bracelet, which Pru dance ran baock for. On her return she found Mr. Gurnett sitting on the hedge hank, with his hand to his side. " Tie old palpitation, my doear; I shall be better in a minute. Perhaps I am not quito so well strung in the matter of nerves as I fancied a moment since. Perhaps it is fancy after all-every bit of it, and we are both needlessly alarming ourselves." " Will you wait at home for me, papa ? I will not beo long." "Long enough for me to die with sus ponse," said he, rising with alacrity. " Lot us be moving, Prue; I can hoar the worst with you. You and I together have shared trouble-shared lately much happiness. Whatever happens I can bear it, remember ing the promiso made by you in the years gone by. That will not be broken, daughter ?" he asked, with a strange eager noes. " We shall never part, now ? " "Never! " OHIAPTER XXIII. Father and daughter went on silently to gether along the high road; both had much to think of and to he troubled witlh. Pru dence kneow that while the' fearfull suspense lasted there would tlbe little' good in offering consolation. Let it all turn out as Mr. Gurnott feared-as she feared herself now-and sie might play her old part of consoler, if the shock did not wholly strike him down. Bo fore the villa tlhat Prudence had before re marked, and looking over the light oaken fence that separated the front gardens from the road, the trembling hands of Mr. Gtr nott on his daughter's arm. Time house looked as Prudence had seen it last-the same how-window wis open, and the lace curtains were still being tossed by the wind -omen, perhaps, of an unsettled mind within, and of a house wherein there was no holy rest. V Was there a fate cruel and hard for the lady of the Ohlosil Bank ? and did all things tend to bring together for a little while the links of a chain that were rudely severed years ago? It seesomed so. The window of a room above opened, and a smart servant maid shook therefrom a rich shawl that Pru dence recognised. A servant maid of indo lent habits, and inclined to dust and brush from the open window, and to hang half out of it, and make dumb motions to a red-faced youth, who emerged at thin moment from the stablo, and who, interpreting them to mean, was he going out with " the chaise and the missis?" shook his head and went through a little pantomimic sparring out of sight of the bow-window, till lhe danced himself against a dahlia and snapped it in two. "The lady who gave me the bracelet lives here, I think,"' said Prudence. "' What makes you think so?!' "The shawl!" "fRing the bell, then; lot us follow the path towards the house; let ius end thlis awful uncertainty tlhat makies children of us Lbth." Mr. Gurnett would have hardly liked to acknowledge that Prudonce was more calm and determined than he. They rang the bell, opened the gate, and wont towards the house. The servant seeing them approach, immediatoly disappeared, and had the ontrance-door open hbefore the slow progress of Mr. Gurnett, who kept his eyes directed to the open window, had brought them beneath the portico. "I wish to soe the lady of the house," said Prudence. This was so like the gentle medicant, with her flimsy lace patterns, or her subscription card for a familyin distress, that the servant looked from father to daughter distrust fully. " WVill you tell your mistress that the lady she mot upon the sands this morning wishes for a minuto's conversation with her?" The servant considered this message worth taking to her mistress, or, upon a second glance at the visitors, fancied there was not much of the bhogging impostors about them, for she walked to the first door on her right, tapped thereat, and entered. There was a long pause, and hMr. Gurntt lInened against the door, and put his hand to his side again. Encountering his daughter's glance lie gave a sickly amile, and said--" it is rather try ing, Proe." The servant returned at last. " Mrs. Eastfisld's comrnplirments, and she was far from well,-euffllring from a sick headache. \Vould the young lady call in tile aftitlernoon, alone ? " 'Il)oa iho know that I am accompanied, thou ?" " ,hie nidlll the lumention, mines." " \Vill you tell her that Mr. tnirnott ththir, st ay !" htuht hMr, (unuim tt, with itom fnrlth r ri'i 11 ild t"l t nrlnlt y, hrl ht lrtnt d puIt, th l e rrvll nt. I lii ,, u , l Irmoa "willly und ,1114 unnd lilty ihlh. ith rimo s, lik, a dri411 11111 ian whr l , k,,I l bin It,,,I i oli fil lll ' i rI o ,P h,?e.ll li i ld r i , A ti . neIl lt ailtiwrw ' t,u lii mit, r.in l hit iugh li tli, hioalm tli oi ar; ndill liluuinl: ? i;hi;llk o'f a woman, and Prudence and the servant bur riod into the room. The lady who had beeir so constant a visitor to the Chesil Bank had half raised herself from a couch at the further extremity of the room, and was glaring at Mr. Gurnott, who had dropped into a chair a little distance from her, and was looking at her with a face like death. A hand wildly waved in the air checked the servant, who stopped, went out of the room and closed the door, and then the lady sprang to her feet, and said to Prudenco- , "You must take him away-I cannot see or hear him now. 0 ! pray take him away." "I-I shall be better in a minute," gasped Mr. Gurnott, "and I shall not go." "Not go? O! my God, not go?" " Too many years of my life, Hoster, have I wasted in.the search of you to leave you now without a word." "Your words can do no good-they can but acouse me of all the evil I have sown broadcast in the paths of you and her ! " nho sanki on tho Aola again, and once more entreated Mr. Gurnett to leave her. "Sister!" lie began. "0! not sister-no longer sister to you I have disgraced. Don't speak like that. Do go, Abel; there is no power in earth or heaven to change my life, or make me better tlhan I am. Fate was too strong for me. I am resigned to what it has reduced me !" " Fate1 " uttered Mfr. Gurnett scornfully. "You are still ready with that poor sinner's excuso for all the crimes committed in the past ? Was it fate that made shipwreck of a homo, deserted an only child, gave all who bore your name some share in your dis grace ? Hester, there is no true repentance in you yet. I did not expect it. God knows, that hoping against hope, as I might, I did not in my heart believe you were other than the woman who fled from us years ago." She turned fiercely to her brother. " Do I look the same woman ? " she cried mockingly. " Are you skilful enough to road a lheart that is a mystery to me? You are cruel enough to take advantage of my weackness, and heap upon me your cowardly reproaches. You have been cruel to me all your life." " I am cruel enough to offer you a shelter fromn tile world, to forgive tihe past, and seek to make your future one less shadowed by an evil presence. Will you tako me at my vord ? " "I have done with you, Alol," she said, more softly. " I chose my path for good or evil, and theorois no turning from it. Ihavo nothing to complain of. I am more. happy than.T deserve. Will you loaire me now? " "Not yet," said Mr. GCurnett, drawing a long breath; "I have something moreo: to say." ' " "Father, you must lot me speak," and the low voice of Prudence sounded for the first time in that sumptuously . furnished "Foathoer-why father?" muttered tho unhappy woman. Prudence Gurnett, of a death-like white ness lcerself, fixed liher dark eyes on the ques tioner, who shrunk from tliem and looked down at her feeoot. "My own mother loft me when I was very young," said Prudence, in tones so cold and piercing that tile woman on the couch winced more and more, as though each word was an arrow of ice that struck her; " too young to guess the nature of her crime, or judge of all its awful consequence. My own fatlher was in his grave then, and thus I was loft an orphan to the mercies of a hard world. I could not expooct to find any mercy there; yet it proved moro merciful, more full of charity, more loving than the mother who ran away without a thought of me !" "No, no!" were the stifled tones that escaped from the white hands spread before the face. " An unole, whom I had seen little of, and on whoso affections I had no claim, stepped from that world and made his homo my own. Fromthlat day my love for him who saved me has been great; his love for me is that of a father's, and I will be his daughter all his life. I have taken his name. In after years we shall live together-father and child- striving by each other's love to make some amends for the shame bequeathed us by that mother who died so early." "I understand you. It is a bitter re proach," murmured the woman, as she rocked herself to and fro. " It is part of my fate. Jlust or unjust, I utter no complaint, boar me witness to this, at least." "'0 ! for a complaint against the error of your ways, for one prayer of repentance that might bring my mother back from the dark grave of her sins!" said Prudence with a sigh. " I have chosen my path," repeated the mother; " thlere is no turning back ! " " God forgive you ! " "I do not want forgiveness," cried the mother, with an awful roclklessness. "I maklt no appeal for mercy. What was to be, there could be no escape from I I am not an unhappy woman oven now, only you terrify me with your wild reproaches. A cruel brother, an unnatural child, I am not strongr onocghc to cope with bhoth." "Will you leave this place ? " asked Pru dence. The mother wrung her hands, and ehoor her head, but did not answer. " Is the cursed spell still so strong upon ,you that there is no resisting it ? " appealed Prudence. " Are you yet so weak as to pro for this awful soul- destroying existence to soeking the only two remaining in the world who pray still for your better life ? Mother, in the name of that God whosoe forgiveness you will not seek, I beg of you to come with us! " Prudence was on her knees at her mother's side, and the mother was strug gling faiintly to release her hand from the dauIzhtir's fervid clasp. "Don't touch me! I know I am un wnrthy of you. I know all that I have lost. Tlheoro is no altering my lifeo; I have said I do not wish it." " You will not como with me ? You still turn from oneo who alone cu? muako you happls?" " Evrry looik would be a roeproach. I will thh )ll " J i' llic: rlon hi'ul th se l itl aIniid 'u ro uuo . " It i !r ' a I I ih m 'hI l, I 'nu iiii, in tlinIi i n lu lhiinr III.,'" 1;iiii dutnii i |111 ill I[11 IJl IIO lilI u till hi 't " I tukigu, tlilu <;5;ilty jlit..;iit, tilusht t,. I n ftuit hither to return it, doubtful to the last if the giver had over held me as a baby to her breast. Knowing now too well that giver, I place it by your side again. I take no share in the wealth you have acquired: I prize my honest poverty too highly." "Go now," said the mother. "Never in the world to see you again, remember." "0! go now," implored Mrs. Eaetfield a second time. Prudence fancied her mother wavered, and made a final effort. In that mother's varied moods, in her half reproaches, her half regrets, she had a faint hope that the heart was touched, and that good might be evolved from it, even at the eleventh hour. "Surely some good angel stands at your side and whispers, 'take your daughter's hand and leave this guilty house.' For that daughter's sake, for your own, for God's come." \- The woman sobbed and rocked herself upon the couch, and wrung her hands once more in her vehemence; but the voice that answered "no" again seemed still more strong. , "It is useless," said Mr. Gurnott, rising from his seat and steadying himself for a moment by a little table loaded with orna ments by his side. " Sin has eaten its way too far, and there is no moral cure. Hoster, I am sorry to remain-sorry to prolong an interview so full of pain to each of us; but I must know his name before Igo. You understand me--is name." "Never-never-never !" "I have sought him half a lifetime, and he is within a hair's-broeadth of me now. If you do not tell me, I sit down again and wait here for him, though he be a year in coming. I may be too old and weak to fight him now, but I must see and speak with this evil genius of so many lives. To know the home Io has blasted, the misery he has oaused, may touch his heart, though its knowledge has but hardened yours. Prudence, leave me here; I have a duty to perform." "No, no-don't leave him here. I shall go mad !" "The man's name? It is impossible that it can escape me now," said Mr. Gurnett. "You. defer the evil hour but for a little While." "I cannot escape; I know it-I know it. But, in mercy's name, Abel, spare me this ! He is not the villain that you think; he is a good man. He has been kind and con siderate to me. He has struggled in every way to make amends for all the evil he has caused." "I am no believer in his virtues. Spare me, Hester, your praises of the tempter. Give me his name." "Will you go then ? " looking anxiously towards the timepiece on the mantelshelf. " Will you promise to go away at once, and never return ?" Mr. Gurnett hesitated, then said, "yes, I promise." " Well," said the poor erring woman, heaving a deep sigh, "I avoid the greater evil by telling you. It was to be. I am hemmed in, and there is no escape. He will see there was no avoiding it. Go now." "The name?" Mr. Gurnett's sister pointed to a morocco case upon the table, on which his hand still rested, and said "You will know the face. Take it away from the house, and lot me be quit of you both for ever! I only ask you-a last re 'quest-to open it away from me, and spare me further pain. I swear to you that this 'interview is killing me." She put her hand to her heart and gasped for breath. " Why should I know this man's face ? Why-??" " By all that's holy, I am telling you the truth. I beg you to go. I beg you to re member that the man you seek has suffered, 'and is suffering like me. I shall go mad if you don't go !" And she sprang up with a halfwild scream, and looked going mad that moment. "Father, let us go." Silently, with only one farewell look to the distressed woman whose weak act had been the shipwreclk of her life, they weont away 'from the house, Mr. Gurnott tightly clutching' the miniature in his hand. Along the garden path he took his daughter's-his true daughter's - arm again, and went slowly in the direction of the shady country road. He stopped at last and gave the case to Prudence. " I cannot open it, my fingers tremble so." Prudence murmured a silent prayer over 'the closed case-a prayer, perhaps, that one face might not leap to the light in opening it; a face that she feared and believed by some strange instinct would start forth. Then she touched the spring at the side, and the two heads were bent eagerly together. " God be merciful-this is an awful day!" groaned Mr. Gurnett, as he gazed with his daughter at the false and handsome face of Mr. Lanceford of the Limes. bTo be continued.) 