" THE PAPAL SCEPTRE," BY GAVAZZI. hb eloquent Barnabite friar resumed his course of Italian strictures on the present position and attitude of the Popedom. He eras frequently interrupted by tbo irre pressible 'outbursts of emotion and sym- patny wnictrms energetio and manly de nunciations of present, and past iniquities, in his retrospect of the Papacy, elicited from an assembly of enlightened . foreign ers and ' educated Englishmen . 'A brief abstract of bis address, is, of course, all ere c.aq attempt ,to furnish. No Italian lectures since Ugo Foscolo's discourses, some thirty years ago, seem so 'worthy of the hold they have taken of the public mind, as powerful utterances of . genius and nationality. " The scope of Christianity's Divine Pounder was gloriously comprehensive, nd, the scheme of His Church was Catho lic in the largest and truest sense of that word. ' The great mass of1 mankind was to be incorporated in a regenerate body, the head being Christ, the Saviour of all. The clergy, who in after times called them selves, by insolent monopoly, 'The Church,' were but the servants and func tionaries in that great assembly of the faithful, the : constitution of which con tained, a large infusion of the popular and elective principle from the earliest times. The popes, as well as the deacons and presbyters, .were: appointed by general suffrage in meetings of piety and prayer. The po8t_oi pontiff in. Borne, as elsewhere, was .put the preliminary to martyrdom. Blessed and glorious ages of our common faith, all Hail-! for, alas, we have since fallen upon evil days ! Pope Marcellinus from his prison governed the Church of -Ood, when < ; Diocletian from his bloody throne ruled the Roman world. What was the ' Chair of St. Peter ' then ? Was it the hit of rotten, upholstery which modern imposture exalts in the noblest temple of Christendom to a pinnacle of shameless fraud? Was it a couch of re pose or a seat of royalty ? Or was the primitive pontificate inefficient because unaided by the trappings of rank, and its liend uncrowned with a tiara ? Was it sceptre . in hand that Leo confronted Attila, the Scourge of God? Was it by ny temporal predominance that Ambrose stopped .the Christian emperor, Theodosius, at the porc\\\ of God's Church, and bade ltim depart till he had atoned in sackcloth and ashes fo r the massacre of Tbessalonica? Matters have assumed a somewhat differ ent asppct, pin ie then. The Te Deum, that glor ious composition of this very Ambrose, is now chaunted in Christian hurohes, by popes and cardinals, for heca tombs of the slain, for the butchery of whole towns and districts, for the bom bardment of cities (including Messina, Palermo; and sacred Rome), provided the temporal interests . and emoluments of churchmen . are thereby recovered or up- field." After a sketch of the rise, crafty con ception, and fatal progress of the temporal powtsr, the forgeries: by which it was es tablished, and the fraudulent transactions which' marked it from the origin, the Father continued : — ' And : thus : grew up the monstrous fmeuomenon we now Denoid ; the Church of Christ, a den of dark intrigue and a cavern pf simoniacal barter, j changed from the simplicity, of its early days into that Babylonian - aggregate of ambitious struc- glings, envy, hatred, trickery, cant, and personal corruption, the Court of Rome. Thus arose the Borgias and the apurious. spawn of sacerdotal nepotism ; tans came the Antonellis to rule in the present interregnum of papal imbecility," as tho Donna Olympias ruled in the days of papal' profligacy; Thus the Nardonis, . e. ,an, , Minardis, '.infamous, janissaries' of the System; are yet loose in our days, and traverse : a! trembling city, marking iictiiiis for the papal ; prisons ' : Thus 'is 4ae germ oij Christian; feeling crushed in lac bosom of our young men, and the hopes of What ; religion proihises heyond ' the grave obliterated from the .memory of ' ; the old, by the speotacle of religion's ministers practically refuting what they j still impudently ; preSch in Cod's dese-' crated temples. Againsttheae abomin- , able doings, holy men, from time to time, have raised the voice of remonstrance, and fulminated1 the holts of indignant eloquence... Did Herod, tremble before John ? NoTimtlthe Baptist's head was served up in a dish for a harlot's jubi lee. " Savonarola was burnt in the square of Florence by the miserable Medici, at the instigation of the brutal Borgia ; and the martyr Arnoldo. was burnt in a street of Rome by. Pope Adrian the Fourth, to whose tender mercies he was delivered by the imperial butcher Bar- barossa. The ashes of Arnolds were thrown into the Tiber, as those of Wi- cliffe were flung into the Severn, But like 'bread oast upon the waters,' the day will come for tho , principles those ashes represent to vivify an awakened generation. These were the famous mid dle ages held up to our reverence by, the; swindlers of church history. The.. so-oalled;f ages of faith;' by the Monta- lembert school were tbese. For the blessings of the sceptred Popedom, the Fretach Uuivers refers the. siraptetons who are gulled by that wretched rag to those modern mediaeval memories. Ashes to ashes ! dust to dust ! darkness to darkness ! " This was the appropriate period when immunity from civil tribunals was claimed by a dissolute and rampant priesthood ; when the greatest and wisest of your Plantagenets, as well as the Hapsburg and Gapetian dynasties, were bearded and rough-ridden over by the Innocents (!) of Italy. To hold their horse's bridle was but a personal indignity .to the monarchs ignobled enough for those who patiently endure it, bat to trample under foot the common principles of law and justice was an insult flung in the face of all mankind. Then.oame the murder of a'Becket, which was cunningly turned to account in those days, as that of Pellegrino Rossi in our own; monarchy, was made to pay- a penalty to the Pope for the one, demo cracy for the other ; the king and people were equally unconcerned in either perpe tration. But the vulpine vigilance of the Vatican can : extract a profit from evey vile and villanous occurrence. Vespasian laid on a tax called wince vectigal ; so every human infirmity, every crime in the catalogue of sins, has been a nest-egg of polf and peculation to the 'apostolic chancery,' In tho general degradation of the human race and the universal prostra tion of European lands, our Italy, the seat and centre of this foul usurpation, was utterly scorched and blasted by its devastating . influence. No hope of nationality for the peninsula- from the hour this curse fell on our country ! The Popes have brought transalpine hordes down upon us from the outset — Charles d'Anjou, Norman adventurers, Germaa lansquenets, Spanish cutthroats, the outcasts and refuse of every race, have been let loose, by papal intrigue, or open invitation, to sack, slay, vio late, and plunder among us in the name of Christ, from the days of Manfredi and the murdered Corradino, down to those recent deplorable days when that apos tate Italian, Mastai, blessed the butchers of Sicily and their king Bomba ; blessed Oudinot for strangling; the Roman Com monwealth with a tricolour rope ; and would bless tho Prince of Darkness him self for replacing on his head that tiara which I hold was originally planted on the brows of 'Christ's Vicar' in, bitter derision of bis doctrine by the common enemy of mankind. This monstrous in- , termarriage between the kingly function and the service of God's altar has . more publicly offended the moral sense of the human race as societv has nrofiressed. and, the dark delusions of past centuries been dissipated by the noonday of civili sation. To he a good priest is diffioult enough to the -infirmity of mortals ; to understand kingcraft in all its branches is a. gift few. can. boast; to combine . both sacerdotal and regal excellence is a perfectly hopeless pretension. Hence either the priest, ismerged altogether, and a Julius ;the Second levels his artillery in propria pe.rson& on iny native Bologna, 'or the iking disappears . in the grovelling, idiotic, and timorous devotee, as in the person of Pio Nono., A ioiirt, forspoth, is requisite to ; place the patriarch of Christendom on a levei with princes ; was a court required to. place them on a level with the emper ors of Rome ? Did they not maintain Christianity against .' giants- 4n those days,' apd could they ; not do so now, whan paltry, pigmies sit- on European thrones? I protest 1 have more respect for the Grand Llama of Teibet as ' a more excu sable object of blunt, downright homage from .congenial and kindred barbarians, and for such agrirajumbla of cartrif ex arid pontifex human and high-priest at,. the present occupant of the Vatican and the Castle of St. Angelo (the arched . cause way connecting palace and prison has just been rebuilt), presents to the nineteenth century. Must the bark of Peter be rowed by galley-slaves? Must the fisher man's ring be the signet to seal death- warrants? . Must the functions of Nero be performed by the successor of his.sup- posed victim ? They show you in Rome the Mamertine dungeon, where Catoline 's confederates were immured ; where J ugur- tha, Zenobia, and a host of illustrious prisoners were let down. Peter . was thrown, they tell you, into that monumen tal cavity, at the .foot of the Capita, co eval with Tullus Hostilius ; and the. mem ory of minor Captives, is merged in the : monopoly of marvel which that ciroum- ' stance establishes for this prison-hole; " That Peter was once a prisoner we ! have .warrant in holy writ ; that an angel drew him forth to light, and liberty we read in ; the. Acts of the Apostles. Bat where do we gather that he, in his turn, became a gaoler, and kept the keys, not of heaven, hut of a bridewell ? Where is the aqgel of freedom that is to lead forth to life, and light the lofty spirits — the pure sounded patriots — the generous and intrepid men, whom this abhorred system keeps rioting in the treble-barred lazar? houses that are filled to suffocation with such noble eSptives throughout the ' Pa trimony of Peter ?' for so central Italy is ludicrously as .well as ignominionsly de signated; Down to the dust-down te the uttermost abyss with this soul-des troying, and mind-debasiDg, and infidel- creating system ! What a figure does oiir nativo country present to the eye of culm intelligence; to the lover of human rights, to the student of Christ's Gospel ! Away with an imposture that paralyses while it degrades! Away with 1 the night-hag that squats on the breast of Italy, check ing the current of its life-blood, and clog ging all the functions of national vitality, hideous as it is oppressive, ahd oliitnsy as it is calamitous — incubus and varapyre combined in one abominable compound of monstrous deformity. Father Gavazzi proceeded to describe the nature of the " Roman court its fatal interference with spiritual things, its dandified abbatini, its Bimpering pre lates, its intriguing monsignori, its bruti- fied Swiss mercenaries, its bloated cardi nals rolling in gingerbread gilt coaches, its " widows in peril "( yedovepericlitanti ) the venality and fiunkeyism pervading the whole aggregate of worldly and vicious men. who presume to be the organs of the Holy Ghost on earth, and dispense its in spirations to mankind. Never were the elements of corruption more grossly visi ble than at the present moment, when all the carrion crows of Italy and elsewhere have crowded to feast on the Carcase of the murdered commonwealth, and divide the spoil resulting from exile, and confis cation, and rain of 30,000 citizens. His peroration was a vigorous onslaught on the late Papal attempt to bring'1 Eng land down to the same level of grovelling serfdom which the system has established in other countries. He maintained that this scheme was hurried into execution by the underlings of Austria , and Russia at. Rome. The sympathy Wiseman has manifested in his late pamphlets for the ' unarmed Haymau' was a significant symptom of the tendencies which the new " mitred phalanx" was expected to foBter among the faithful in perfidious Albion." To create a division in the heart of Eng land, was an' object dear' to the despots of the world ; but the Father trusted in the good sense and manly bearing of the Eng lish nation for tho fitter discomfiture of this armada of " invincible" ignorance and unteacheable bigotry. The animated, earnest delivery, and fervid utterance of several passages in his address, drew forth bursts of sympathising applause ' throughout the hoar and a half during which he spoke. 