Biography of John Huss. It was tho greatest assembly, as to the numbers and rank of the prelates and the ambassadors of Christian kings, which had mot for centu ries; thero were many , high hopes expressed, and fervent prayers breathed on that day, by those who saw in n council of the 'church the one means appointed by Heaven for the redress of grievances. Huss approved of the council.; but he knew that it could not do all that was needed. He felt that something was wanted more simple, more practical, which should apeak to the hearts and consciences of poor mad ignorant men. In its results tho council afforded little ground -for joy. By its decree the rival popes, Gregory and Benedict, were deposed, and Alexander V . -elected in their stead. But this measure only aggravated the evil. The rival popes refused to abdicate, and, instead of two, three claimants now wore the sacred tiara. The position of Huss became in some measure' changed by these events. At first it aeemcd probable that the Bohemian or reformed party would be favoured by Alexander V. ; as they, with king Wenceslaus at their head, had declared themselves bound by the decision of the council of Pisa, whilst Sbinko belonged to the faction of Gregory XII. But it soon became evident that if tlio archbishop and his party would bow before the new Pontiff, their late submission would be counted as perfect obedience. Sbinko failed not to perceive his .advantage. If now he could procure tho papal condemnation of Huss, Wenceslaus had no longer any excuse for disobeying tho pope whom' he had himself chosen. Huss appealed to the new father of Christendom ; but his defence gained but little attention ; and in 1410, a papal bull arrived at Prague, evidently dicta ted by liis enemies. His opinions were con demned, and the sentence of excommunication pronounced against hiin ; and above all, the preaching in private chapels, especially the chapel of Bethlehem, was forbidden as danger- mis to pure doctine. This bull was little likely to calm the troubled sea of Church matters in Bohemia. The king still gave Huss his countenance, and encouraged those who declared, themselves free to disobey a document which they regarded as a forgery. Huss spoke of these anathemas in a tone of quiet satire. " When the pope," ho odd, " heard that the Bohemians mad received the word of God, he did not send Peter and John to pray for the Bohemians, and to lay their hands on them, that in hearing the word of God they might receive tho Holy Ghost ; but ho sent back some ill-disposed persons belonging to Bohemia, and commanded in his bull that tho word of God should not be preached in private chapels." Meauwliilc the archbishop, by an act of treachery, laid tho foundation of a long-con tinued strife and hatred. He begged the possessors of the manuscripts of Wycliffe or any of his followers to bring them to bis palace, stating that he wished to examine them, and ; pronounce upon their orthodoxy. The unsuspecting students brought their precious books, not doubting the good faith of the prelate. But what was their indignation when, after a pretended examination, Sbinko pro nounced tho books heretical, and, surrounding his palace with a guard of soldiers, committed more than two hundred and- sixty of them to the flames. Many of tho manuscripts were beautifully bound, some studded with jewels ; all deeply valued by their owners. The whole city was roused into fury against the archbishop by this proceeding ; his life was scarcely safe from tho attacks of the populace and at length the king was obliged to protect him. Both sides employed varied weapons. It was not possible tliat a conflict in which all cranks and classes were interested should be carried on only through the appointed academic means; for there were many on whom a university discussion would have produced no effect, who must be won by some tangible appeal to the senses. Two English students bethought themselves of a strange expedient for attracting the lower orders of the people. After some days of preparation, during which they kept their doors carefully closed, they announced that they bad something to exhibit, to which they invited all comers. Crowds flocked to the house, and on entering found that tho hall had been beautifully pointed. On one side was represented the entry of Christ into Jerusalem, "meek, and sitting upon an ass before him, the children and common people with olive, branches and palms, and behind him, his apostles walking barefoot. On the other side was the pope, riding a charger flocked with gold, silver, and precious stones, preceded by trumpeters and kettle drummers, -courtiers and soldiers, and followed by cardinals, all well mounted, and richly attired- The gazing people beheld with admiration the easily read lesson. The strife. - between the king and the arch bishop was now at its height. An appeal to. Rome seemed the only hope of any peace for Bohemia. Huss was willing to abide by the papal decision ; but he little 'knew the judge with-whomlio had to deal- Alexander V. no longer sat in the papal chair. He had' been lured to Bologna by the infamous Cardinal Balthazar Cossa; and there he had suddenly and mysteriously died ; whilst the cardinal, to whom public suspicion pointed as his murderer, had succeeded him under the title of John XXIII. Tho picture which all contemporary authorities give us of the life, and character of the now pontiff is so' dark, that it seems as if there were ho description of crime of which he had not been guilty. With such a man there was little hope for Huss aud his followers. Still they resolved to lay the matter before the Roman court. Ambassadors were despatched from both contending parties, as Wenceslaus had prudently forbiddon Huss to obey the mandate which commanded him to appear nt Rome and plead his cause in person. For a year and a half the Popo delayed his decision. Huss .meanwhilo waited calmly, earnestly con. tinuing his work of teaching ; and still mani festing the union of firmneBS of purpose with humility, for which'. be was so remarkable. 'From (lie eariii'iit period of my studies,' he says, ' h.ire t laid it down as a rule, thatwheh- ercr '?. hcimi » more correct opinion on any subjt-'- »v lv.il i ri>;- advanced, I would, with joy and humility, give up my earlier opinion, being well (-.wave Tfhaf. what wc know is vastly less than what v.-.- do not know.' On tho other hand he says boldly, 'In order that I may not make myself-' guilty, then, I avow it to bo my purpose to defend the truth, which God lias enabled me to know, and especially the truth of the Holy Scriptures, oven unto death ; since I know that the trnlh stands, and is for ever mighty, aud ubiiies eternally, and with her there is no respect of persons. And if the fear of death should terrify me, still I hope in my God and in the assistance of the Holy Spirit, that the BLord himself will givo mo firmness. And if I havo found favour in his sight he- will crown me with martyrdom. And what more glorious triumph is there 'than this ?' Tlie sentence from Rome came at last, stern and uncompromising to tlji'o reformed party. Huss was excommunicated, and the kingdom of Bohemia laid under au interdict. ' The archbishop exulted in his triumph ; but he soon found that he was not strong enough to take advantago of his victory ; the heretic teacher still remained tho most popular man in Prague. Ho was protected by the king, and adored by the people ; and in the very moment when Sbinco thought him self sure of complete success, he was forced to fly from Prague. Death surprised him on his road to Hungary ; aud for a short time it seemed that his removal might be tlie means of bringing peace to the religious world of Prague. So at least men reasoned, when they saw in tho archbishop a man of peace, who had neither the inclination nor the power to interfere in university disputes. But the matters at issue betweon the two parties were no mere temporary or personal interests, and it was impossible that the 'apparent agree ment should long endure. It was no ordinary event which broke this temporary truce, and again summoned IIuss to speak boldly in the face of all his enemies. To tho scandal of all right- minded men, John XXIII. sent forth a bull announcing a crusado, against his enemy, Lndislaus, king of Naples and offering plenary indulgence to all who would engage in tho war, or give their per sonal sorvice for a payment in money. The greatest excitement was produced, by tlie publication of this bull, on the minds of many who heard the denunciations of Huss against tlio mockery of the cross of Christ which it involved. To Huss himself this was a most important crisis. The time had come when he must part from all who were hot pre pared to follow him to the end, A line was now to be drawn betweon his interested and his disinterested followers, over which those who were timid and shrinking would fear to pass. Ho says himself, " The publication of the Ball of indulgences, and the raising of the cross against Christians, divided me from many of iny ancient friends. The most noticeable of these former frionds was Stephen Fclctz. He had long worked with lluss in liis labours for reform in the university, but had not strength or courage to follow him further. To the grief and astonish ment < f his friend, while acknowledging the error ia many expressions of the hull, bo de clared himself unable openly to resist it. Huss calmly replied, Paletz . is my friend, tnith is my friend ; and both being my friends it is my sacred duty to give the first honour to truth,' Huss now boldly uvowed opinions from which a few years before he would have shrunk with horror. Not that liis attachment to the church was as yet diminished, or that he had- any thought < ( abandoning her fundamen tal doctrines. He - still maintained transub- stantiation, and purgatory, arid other errors' of Romanism. Some of these points, however, ho held but loosely and almost nominally; whilst he had other views wholly at variance with the Romish system. Speaking of prayer for the dead, lie says, ' There is no mention of such a practice in the Holy. Scriptures an he attributes tho introduction . of the custom to tho ' avarice of priests.' lie thus inter prets Matt, xvi, 18 : ' Thou art Peter,' that i3, .'be confessor of the true Rock, which is Christ ' and on this Rock' which thou, eonfessest, that is, on myseif ' I will build my church.' Ho affirms that Christ alone, and not Peter, is the head of the church : that the church has no absolute power to ' loose' or to bind,' to for give or to retain sins ; that no man is bound to believe oven the papal hulls iinloss they affirm what is inthc 'Soriptups or what is founded simply on them. He protests against tho practice of witholding the sacramental "cup from the laity. His doctrinal views, however, were deeper and more spiritual than the expression of such opinions would necessarily imply. They will be understood when it is stated, that the fol lowing words, extracted from one of his works, were subsequently made one of the chief charges against liim : ' The assembly of the predestinated is tho holy church, which has neither spot nor wrinkle, which Jesus Christ calls his own. A reprobate is never a member of the holy church.' Referring to his principles as the basis of his godly life, Mil- ner, in his Church History, says, ' Should we be asked what peculiar doctrine was main tained and espoused by John Huss whose holiness and integrity were undoubtedly emi nent, tho answer is — it was the doctrine of the depravity of human nature, and of the neces sity of a Divine influence.' He distinguished between those whom God has chosen and called to be his peculiar people in Christ, and those who are only nominal Christians — be tween those who are the subjects of his grace and shown to be such by their holy character, and those who are dead in their sins.' It was not, however, his doctrinal views which brought him into collision with the church. It was the scandalous proceeding of John XXIII., before referred to, which drew forth his zealous protest against the doctrine of Indulgences. He wrote against the bull of the pope, condemning it in ten points. Among his words were the following : ' Indulgences avail nothing, as neither doth any other good work for obtaining happiness, unless a man relinquish sin, grieving for the past, and guarding to the end, diligently and continu ally. against the future.' 'No can take away sin, but Christ alone.' ' God alone has power to cleanse tho soul from inward spot . and no man can absolve another from sin, un less God shall have first absolved him.' ' In ward-repentance is required for the remission of sins ' These words contain a strong pro test against any other source ot torgivoncss than God himself. They point to Christ, and not to the pope. They would be startling words at that time. With all his boldness, however, Huss still strongly defended himself against the chargo of heresy ; and in regard to his bearing, it was so calm and prudent that one of His enemies thus speaks of him : ' His life of self-denial is so far removed from vice, that no one can find aught against him. His pale and faded coun tenance, his tall emaciated figure, his ready disposition to sympathise with and assist all men, even the meanest, attracs adherents more even than his eloquence; The foolish people hold him as a saint ; and as such, they are persuaded that he can neither deceive nor be deceived.' But not even the prudence of a leader like Huss could prevent an outbreak among his followers. Three men who had boldly slood forth to protest against tho seller of indulgen ces were thrown into prison, and basely exe cuted by the magistrates, after they had em ployed Huss to calm the tumult' among the people by assuring them of tlio speedy libora. tion of the prisoners. When this treachery be came known through tho city, tho people rose to a man : and, being joined by the soldiers, stormed and gained possession of the council- house. The guilty magistrates made their es cape, but the people discovered the bodies of their martyred townsmen. They were carried on a gilded bier, wrapped in rich shrouds, and buried with public honours in the chapel of Bethlehem, the students singing in chorus over their tomb, They are saints who havo given up their bodies for the gospel of Christ. (7b le continued.) 