Political. — Mr. James Hart has announced jhis intention to visit the Manaro district, as a candidate for the representation of the electorate. Aucttoneebs' LiOEKSES.— It maybe useful to some of our readers to state that applications for auctioneers' licenses cannot be received at the police offices after to-dav. the 1st November. A New Magiciak. — Sir. Chapman, whose feats in the necromantic line are highly spoken of is expected to arrive in Sydney shortly, where he will give a series of his performances. It will be recollected that Mr. Chapman anived from California previous to Mr. Heller, and first opened in Melbourne. He is now in Tasmania where his audiences are evidently well pleased with his clever feats. Second sight and a man sealed up in a sackful of ghosts are amongst the wonders of his programme. Stdnet Chobai. SootETT.— The third concert of this society during the present season will be given at the School of Arts, on Wednesday evening next. The pro graD-me comprises many attractions. Mr. E, h. Skin ner, Mr. A. Fairfax, Herr Carl SchmiW, Miss James, Mine Fleming, and a number of other local artistes of repute will officiate. Herr Schniitt will perform a violin solo, ' Souvenirs d'Amerique,' a composition of much elegance, and which we believe has never before been performed in this city. Considering the repute which the society has achieved, there can be little doubt but there will be &\- large attendance. Royal Victobia Theatre. — Tom Taylor's drama, 'Mary Warner,' was repeated last evening to a good audience, and the whole performance passed of as successfully, if not more so, than on its first repre seutation. The greatest proof that can be adduced of the powerful interest with which Mrs. Gladstone invests the character of the heroine is in the fact that in several of the scenes there was a plentiful supply of moist eyes amongst the audience. The man or woman who can witness the prison scene, and the interview between the mother and her child in tbe last scene, without feeling emotion, must havesomething wrong in bis or her nature. Mrs. Gladstone and Mr. Carey were repeatedly called before the curtain, the last time being accompanied by the little girl (Hiss Green) who enacted the part of the child; and, judging by the loud and frequent applause throughout the piece, it will have a lengthened run. The Pbikce o* Wales Opeba. House.—' Masa aiello' was repeated last night to a scanty audience. It is much to be regretted that an enterprise like that of Messrs. Lyster and Smith does not meet with better treatment at the hands of the public To all who take an interest in the progress of the lyric drama in the colonies, the aspect of the dress circle last night was in the extreme melancholy. If this be the treatment accorded to an opera company, which is undoubtedly the best that has ever visited Sydney, when may we hope to see another here? 'Hasaniello' had much improved upon its second repetition, and was bub tained very evenly throughout. Madame Simonsen's rendering of her charming solo in the first act ' When the sigh long suppressed,' elicited loud and deserved applause. Mr. Beaumont, in the leading character, had a part well calculated to display his resonant and expressive voice. His renderings of ' My 6ister dear,' the barcarole (better known, perhaps, than the opera itself) '' Behold how brightly breaks the morning.' and the admirable manner in which he both acted and sang in the fifth act, cid him infinite credit Mr. Farley, was accorded what was perbaps the most marked encore of the evening, for his delivery of the introduced song ' Oh what rapture.' This evening ' Un Ballo' will be produced. Feesch Patbiotic Fund.— Ameeting was called for 8 o'clock last night, to take place at Mr. Lemnire's, in George-street. At about half- past S o'clock the chair man (Mr. Lemaire) addressed those who attended, and said he was very sorry indeed to see so few people pre sent to ehow sympathy tewnrds tbe distressed families of the sick and wounded soldiers of Fiance ; indeed, he saw the whole number present 'would not count twenty, whilst not six of them were Frenchmen. Perhaps those who remained away were showing sympathy in a different form. He had asked several influential per sons in this city to attend, and plenty of them said they would like to br present, but thought that, as England was neutral, there was no occasion. About three months ago ihe Emperor received a vote of thanks from his Cabinet as a states man, there being very few against him ; bat seeing the false step that he has taken, they would not allow him to act longer ; he has caused the destruction of a. whole nation. He did not even take time to contemplate what he was about to do before he declared war by sending a telegram to Prussia. For this war his gene ralship proved incompetent But apart from all this, he has caused such frightful slaughter, rendering thousands of families totally unprovided for. The reason of this is easily explained. He has not been properly provided for the occasion. Then the Prussians, as they have advanced to Parishave trodden down the corn, the potato crops, and vine yards, and the fanners of France are so situated that, they have hardly sufficient to carry on with from year to year, as they depend upon what they grow for sub sistence, so that one neighbour cannot assist the other. The reason he called this meeting was to endeavour to obtain some relief for the distressed ; but, as on a pre vious night, it was next to a failure. He had done all in his power to attain the object he had in view, but like a great many others he had a family to look to, whose interests must be attended to. At present there were about £40 in hand, whioh had been intended to be sent home by the next mail : but in consequence of the last advices he did not think it was advisable to send their email amount to France just yet There was a danger of its falling into the hands of the Prussians. The amount subscribed in Europe was sufficient to relieve present wants. A few persons subscribed towards the fund, and a person present proposed the following reso lution :— 'That it is tbe opinion of this meeting that a vote of censure be passed on the French Consul, who ?should have been present to encourage and assist in manifesting sympathy for bis country.' It was put to the meeting and carried. When are a young lady's earrings like people in debt? —'When they are in her ears (arrears). 