FATHER HYACINTHE ON THE INFAL- LIBILITY DOGMA. The following letter from Father Hyacinthe has been published in the Journal des Debats .-? " A very serious question is now presented to all Catholics. Ought they to adhere to the definition of the Infallibility of the Pope, or are they free to withhold their submission to it? Without doubt authority is the very character of our Church and the principle which governs our faith, but for that very reason it is important that we should distinguish between an apparent and a real authority, between a blind and a reasoning and reflecting submission? Rationabile obseqitium vestrum. The question may, therefore, be thus defined. Is the authority of the Council of the Vatican lawful ? or, in other words, does the present Council possess the essential characteristics of an Oecumenical Council The first of these characters is liberty. Now, notwithstanding the secrecy in which it has been sought to envelope the internal working of the Council, as though it were of the nature of those of which the Gospel speaks, which possess an affinity with darkness, and which avoid the light from fear of being judged as an argument opera eyes, light has already been cast upon it, and will be still more vividly apparent concerning it. The repeated protests of so many illustrious produces representing the most important and most enlightened portions of Catholicity are known, us as also their recent letter, at once firm and respectful in which, while maintaining their negative votes, they have explained their reasons for retiring from the dishonorable battle- field. The world can- not be unaware of the absence of dignity, I may even say of serious consideration, with which the high interests of the Faith have been treated by a majority which would not have been tolerated in the ancient Council, both on account of its factitious and illusory composi- tion and its audacious oppression. Another condition, not less important than the secure unity of a Council, is that it should be recognised as such by the Church. The Council, in fact, had no mission to impose now beliefs upon the faithful, but to maintain, and if needful to do- line, the ancient creeds. The Bishops are, above all others, witnesses of the traditional and historic faith of their respective Churches and of the Universal Church, and their sentence, as judges, limited in advance by the very nature of this testimony, can only be pronounced upon truths which have been accepted from the beginning, everywhere and always, as revealed quod semper quod ubique quod ab omnibus. If, then, they should happen to overstep their powers, the Church would not recognise its faith in the arbitrary work which they had accomplished, and the Council would remain without authority. Such cases are not unexampled, and to cite only one, history has recorded the names of Soloucius and Rimini, and the almost universal defection under which, to use the words of St. Jerome, the world groaned and was astonished to find itself Arian, The danger is no less at the present time, and if one of the most important members of the Council (Monsignor Kon tricks) is to be believed, the Church has never known so great a peril. At such times it be- hoves even the humblest of Christians to uplift his voice in defence of his faith and the faith of all. For myself, I feel myself inwardly compelled to fulfil that duty, and as the prophet saddle autem animal turn liberalism. I protest, therefore, against the pretended dogma of the Pope's infallibility, us it is contained in the decree of the Council of Rome. It is because I am a Catholic, and wish to remain such, that I refuse to admit as binding upon the faith of the faithful a doctrine unknown to all ecclesiastical antiquity, which is disputed even now by numerous and eminent theologians, and which implies not a regular development but a radical change in the constitution of the Church and in the immutable rule of its faith. It is because I am a Christian and wish to remain such that I protest with all my soul against those almost Divine attributes to a man who is presented to our faith was about to say our worship, as uniting in his person both the domination which is opposed to the spirit of the Gospel of which he is the minister, and to the infallibility which is repugnant to the clay from which, like ourselves, he is formed. One of the most illustrious predecessors of Pius ' IX., St. Gregory the Great, rejected as a sign of anti-Christ the title of Universal Bishop which was offered to him What would he have said to the title of Infallible Pontiff? On the 27th of September last year I wrote the following lines concerning the Council there about to assemble :?" If apprehensions, which I do not wish to share, should be realised? if the august assembly should have no more liberty in its deliberations than it had in its preparations, in one word, it should be deprived of the essential characteristics of ah Oecumenical Council, I would call upon God and upon mon to summon one really summoned by the Holy Ghost, not in a party spiritous representing really the Universal Church, and not the silence of Borne and the oppression of others." I again utter that cry. I ask for a truly free and (Ecumenical Council. And, above all, now as always, I appeal to God. Man has been powerless to procure the triumph of truth and justice May God arise and take His cause in hand and decide it! The Council, which should have been a work of light and peace, has deepened the darkness and unchained discord among the religious world. War replies to it as a terrible echo in the social world. War is one of God's scourges, but in inflicting a chastise- ment may it also prepare a remedy - In sweep- ing away the ancient edifice may it not prepare the ground upon which the Divine spouse of the Church will construct the new Jerusalem ? " Frere Hyacinthe. "Paris, July 30." " Rain Kcclcstm In maximum ex quo form, sit his opinion nuduxorlut. Condon Port IllcariU Kenrick, archiepiscopal 8. Luilovlcl In Slutllius furtherance Amarina HOptonlrloimlls, In Uonclllo Yutleano labourer, of non habitue Kaplos, p. (IO. t "lion, Jo ills, sons To monaro hesitation, quo qul conquo B'uppello Leveque universally desired so there, est, pure soul orgueU, precursor to Antichrist. paroo quit pretend must H'oluvur no losses lies duties " Gr. VII., future KI, oil it. Ikneil. It will be in the recollection of our readers that, shortly after the death of the great Virginian general, Stonewall Jackson, the English admirers of that here formed a committee, of which Mr. Beresford Hope, M.P., was treasurer, and Mr. W. H. Gregory, M.P., secretary. Their object was to erect a bronze statue of General Jackson in some public place within the State of Virginia. Subscriptions flowed in freely, and the work was entrusted to Mr. Foley, R.A. -The ill-health of the artistdohiyod the completion of the work for some time, but we are now able to report that the effigy will be shortly ready for ousting, and that it promises to be a work of art worthy alike of the sculptor and of the subject. The subscriptions already received will, we believe, be sufficient to cover all expenses. On the subject of the abolition of capital punishment the Pall Mall Gazette remarks :? " We commend the case of John Owen, the Donburn murderer, to the consideration of those who advocate the total abolition of capital punishment; and we invite them, after carefully reading the accounts given in the newspapers of his last hours, to say what punishment it would be possible to substitute in the case of criminals like this. In theory but is, the theory of those whose attention we are inviting every man is capable of being reform, and the end of all punishment is reformation. Looked at, however, as a hard practical matter, and in the light of common experience, does any one believe that John Owen was capable of reforma- tion ? Every act of his late from the hideous and unparalleled crime for which he suffered down to all the minor details of his conduct, his brutal jesting about the hangman, his fierce repulsion of the chaplain, the ghastly flippancy of his feigning to forgot his victim's name on the scaffold every a at of his life showed that he was and would ever be a more wild beast from whom society would never be safe till he was rendered powerless to harm. In the presence of such cases as this all corrective theories disappear, and mankind is brought face to face with the supreme law of self-preserva- tion which justifies us in abolishing John Owju as we would abolish a dangerous beast or reptile. 