THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. TutE following leoturo, on the above sub. ject, was delivered by the Reov. J. Kin. ross, B.A., in the I'rosbyterian Church, on Friday evening, 10th instant: The degree of interest which men take in any given subject, is not always in proportion to its importance. It often happens that a community is intensely ex cited by a matter that will have very little influence on their happiness in this lifo or the next; whereas matters of grave import are but seldom discussed, and engage but a small share of attention. Much of this arises from the fact that theor is a great diversity of taste among men. Many confine their attention to a very limited number of subjects, and any- thing beyond their narrow sphere is not possessed of the slightest interest. What is taking place in their own little world -the births, deaths, marriages-common gossip-is all the mental food they live upon ; and church or state may go to wreck or in for anything they care. Some again widen this sphere a little, and scan very minutely those dreary columns of the.newspaper \which chronicle the state of the money market, and the price of wool and butter. Others take a keen interest in politics or science ; but most of these classes are to regard re ligious questions with feelings bordering upon contempt. 'If the importance of the subject is to be the gauge by which we are to measure our interest therein, there is none that can be named in the same breath with religion.- It is true that, of many of the fierce disputes that have arisen respecting it, we might say, that it would be of very little consequence, which way thy are decided. But this is nothing more than can be said of any subject At first sight it man seem to be of no moment for the prosperity of a country, what ministry is in office—who is to be elected for this district and who for that -how much this salary is to be increased and how much that is to be reduced and because it is so, some take no interest in such things If almost everybo woro to be of/ his opiuion and ae in this manne the active miaorit would have it I their own way. N in religio , there are many 4pstions that seem to have little inflauno on human life or happiness; but it b tokens great wa of discern. mont to llirn that, thorefoj , we are to take no interest in themte Many speak slightingly of religious disputes, simply because they know nothing about them neither. the principles involved nor the consequences that may follow. It behoves all who pass their self.conceited judg ments on religious affairs, to make them selves acquainted with tho principles, real or supposed, involved in, it may be, a trifling dispute. But what has all this to do with the Ecumenical Council ? Although each may take an interest in the affairs of his own church, what have we Potestants to do with those of the church of Rome? That Pius IX should sum on an assets. bly of vgnorable Bishops; Archbishops, and 0ardlnals, for the purpeso of delibe. rating ph his own infallibility many seem, at first tli t, to be an event in which we have lit or no concern. t But it ought to be bIorn in mind that lheo decisions of this Can nil will exert a powerful iunfl. onooe r a large number of humani beings. 'lThe Pope of Rome is the head of a ollu ch which numbers more than two lhutndt millions of ad eronts, anld those belong hlpost every ?tion and tribe under leaven. Barbalian as well as ýnivilise own his sway.s The great mna rity f that nation, tp which, by nnivor sal consent, is assigned the leadership of fashion, is still Catholic ; and by her arms tolps to heoop Jius in his chalir. The mpire of Aust , notwithstandinig saome igos of liberal t deneioes, is subjoot to tlj Roman sae. , Italy and Spain, thloul mulch oanged from of old, are still 3o be reckondl among Catholic oounttios. The great majority of our followrvsubjects in Ireland; a rapidly in. eroasinJg minority of,ýthlso in England; and nqarly a third if our own follow. colonists, profess th same faith. They are doibtloss looking'bn with considerable interest; and the ro'lt arrived at, will not hb' without its influnoo upon them. Again, this Council islpossessod of ad. ditiooal interest from tho' foot that sudch an assembly is a rare oybnt in the history of th"eiyorld, It is n (aiunomenioal, and not a iooe?an, or Provincial; or National Co it/il. T'he word' " (Eumonioal " is, as aany of you are aware, of Greek orig q, and has much ?oll same meanirn a"s "Clholic " or "' Unversal." Literally it sign e " inhabited t' and when joined with Groo Greek word for earth, denotes the whole inhabited w rld. The clergy of a fienee, presidedi var by their bislhop, woil form a dioaesaih ynod; the lobiluips of a pvineo nseerihlod under the prosi. donny?f an arobrlisop or metropolitan, would form a proviloial synod--e.g. Ar hlp Poldling thigiht summon toi. getllr Il the bislhops of Auslralasia, and thlloa. thus mot, mighlt 1o said to form a pr ineolal synod. Buet when thle Pope sn ono his bishops, not only of one provi eo, but of all provines; not of one natin nly, but of ll nations.inWEuropo, Asia, frioa, and ameoriea, it is ollod " pual," or "( pihmoniiel." /must hIave beo an imnposing sight to it OR the procossiob of bishops oni their as to tlheo grantpatlodral of Romno; hut hlou e t uto hviul thrillnd thl heart of the nged ouatifF (now iieao'rly four score yars) wea from under thI lofty dome of St. Pet s, hie saw before him noearly 800 hie ps, arollhbishops, ordinals, &o.e-most; of bhoti venerable from their years, somei Sdi ngulsheld for their abilities, all elnilm. ing a be the suocessors of Itle Apostles, nod a reprosentativoes of his churlch on eartl and hlo hlimseolf presiling over themn all te "Viear of Christ I lorp hiavo hIoon only somne 18 or 20 Se oanioal.0ounails sinoo thie death of thie Aostles ; and tile last was thalnt of Troen hiioh was opened ,on .the l 3th D)eoomb r,,1545,-moro.than 800 yonrs ago. msii may thlink that our lot lns frlldoin anvoery happy pdricd, sineo tiei tIer ur fatheora nor our gront-grandflathoer era.luonrinitrod it?!,o the l'day of thle nni v 1?a' glthglriuug'if Mitrad Heon!ls in Rlenlo. \Vhea?r His deolicae s y l hise times -g /, congratulating himself on his happy stars, admits of serious doubt. This we may assert, however, that never before, in the history of the Chris. tian world has there been such a number of bishops and higher dignitaries nssem. bled togother. In the first Council, that of Nice, which otet in 325, and which drew uip the Nteeno Creed, tiere .were only 318 bishops; at that of Constanti nople, only 150; and at Trent the nut* her was under 300 ; so that now at Rlome there are nearly 3 times as many as there were at Trent in 1545. It is interesting to note the following difference: At Treat there were "Italian bishops" 187-now at Rome 270. French ,, 26- ,, 841, English ,, 1- , 35. Spanish ,, 31- ,, 41, This is suffiloiut to show that there has been no decline in the number of the Hierarchy since then, whatever changes in other respects may have come over the Papacy. Then, the now world was but cosming into the light. The Pilgrim Fathers, the founders of the great Ameri. can Republic, were not yet born; but now in 1870, 54 bishops have crossed the Atlantic to take their places side by side, with those of the htingdoms and empires of the old world. Our peaceful times, and our rapid and pleasant modces of convcey nco have doubtless allowed many more to be present than otherwise would have hoon. But still the Pope needs some. thing more to support him than the pro. sence of 800 venerable bishops, however peaceful and loving they mty be. For. timer Popes have had armies at their back, and the strong aran of the civil power to loan upon. Philip II. of Spain, who fitted out an itmenseo armada for the destruction of the English heretics aind sent his armies for tto extirpttion of Protcstauism in the Netherlands, declared that " he would rather not reign at all, than reign over hereties." I fear there will never be ansoother king of Spain who will perform similar services for Pius IX. iionry II. of France, and his queen Catherine do Medicis, were zealously do. voted to the interests of the ohurch ; and so generally at that period were the Ger. man emperors. In those days Protes. tantism was comparatively feeble, The princes, kings, and emperors, expected to suppress it by stringent measures. I imagine they have but slander hopes of doing so now. As regards wealth, honour, influence, and prosperity, the two parties have changed sides since then. Thlreo hundred years make a great differ? once on the face of society and in the government of nations. Another reason why we ought not to allow this assembly to pass off without considering its claims, arises from the fiot that the Pope himself, in the Bull he is. sued for the suttmoning of the Council, addressed the Protestant and Greek churches, urging them to put their soils no longer in jeopardy by relusing to sub. mtit to the head of the Holy Catholic Churchb. If all the Protestant churches went to Rome, naknowledged their grie. vous errors, . and yielded submissively to his paternal rule, then he would be most happy to receive them. Dr Cumming, you mnay remeimber, wrolo to the Pontiff, as the latter seentmed to invite the Protestants on equal) terms, asking if he would be allowed tihe right to speak, and intimating that, if this favour wore granted, hoe would certainly smake his ap. peoaanco before His Holiness and the vonorable fathers. The Pope replied that if he appeared at all it must be to muakl anoknowledgment of his errors. Still, evidently anxious for the return of Pro. testants to his fold, he wrote Dr. Cumming a second time, saying that although the doctor could not speak in the Council, lie could come and reooeivo instruction from,and discuss matters with, the learned divines at Rome.' Of course Dr. Cumming deolined to go to Rome to obtain what Ite could easily get in London. Are we than to yield to the demandsof tihe Roan Church, to acknowledge that woe Protestants have Ioon in fatal crror, and to submit to the Pope as our supreme head ? That is the question .which we atio now called upon, int the course,of divine providence, duly and solemnly to ponder. ' To give a completo onswer to it, would involve a discussion of the chief points of controversy ihetwen us and Rome, which wsuld be maost absurd in ilse to attomcpt on this oonsion ; but itso happons that thie main olaim set tp by that .ohuroh comes out prominently in the Counoil,. If she vindicates this olaim site will come off victorious ; but if she fail to sulistaititlto it, site nmust surrender overything. , .I allud to the doctrine of infallibility, ' Tihat, in one of its aspeoots, is the groeat snhject before the Coinnil. It is well for the inttrests of truth that suel a fundamental doctrine, and not ine of suhordhtiato importaunce, is the ques tion of tlte nday, Whatthen is ttis infallibility? It is affillntd that i t?t eio hurbc does not, and catnot, ort in any decision sIte pronounces roegarditg . faith andt morals. If she tilirms that obelief in certain articles of ro· ligion is necessary to salvation, thou we may be as certain tits holief is neoessary, as if Obrisi himself' had told Ues, If lte affirm thlat a oei'taisin nation is right and another is wrongst we ought io feol'tie ettnieo ts. saurano in doing the one anil refraining from the other, as if we hoeard a voioe fromc Heaven coomniandling the formor nod for bidding the latter.' If site oondesoantls to explain thu meaning of a text of Sorip. turo then whiateover may be our opinion of it, we must Iumbly aaocopt lors, hbneause slieoannoto err in tihninterprotation ofSorip. ture. When shoe aflirums tht after oonseeoorna tilon thie bread and wine ara changed into theo slbtainlce of our Lord's bodly ctnd bloold, we are bound on hait of codondmnatiol to believe hlier, oeven although our soose of sight, of, toucc, and of taste proolaim tlcti tit oloments are the satmo aso before. Our senses may err, but the cheurch cannot, in matters of faiith. Ycou stnnt understand, Ihowever, thnt the thurohl does not eloim to ble Infilliblo in overy thing. It is admitted tttt shie imay err in matters of fioct, on 'questions of history or of soieneo. If thie Ptpo or a Genortil Couteil oivo a decision on a (len. logleoal sulbjeet ,RhlIinitn Cliathtlice wonittt not feel themaselves bound to. iollevo it, Thu onhurbh of Iroano , g fully olmhaow. .ledges, or did acknowledge, the doctrinal decisions of the Council of Constance ; that same Council,, in violation' of the safe conduct of the Emperor, condemned HIses of Bohemia to the flames. The FreIch Catholies would not feel themselves bound to approve the latter 'althougih they warmly applaud the former. The Bill of Innocent X. condemned as heretical five propositions said tobe found in a book written by thecelebrited Jnnsenius. Many distinguished divines; and others 'denied that the condemned proppsitions were in the book at all. Supposing a belicver in in the Pope's infallibility were constrained to admit this, how would lip defiend. him-, selfl'? Very ingeniously. The Pope, lihe would say, might be mistaken--=niaight err -in sopposing certain statements to bhe in a bookl because that is only a question of fact; but if he pronounced the proposi tions themselves heretical, he could not possibly err in that, because it is a matter of faith. How the church, or a council, or a Pope could trip in such a simple matter as declaring what is, or is not in a given book, and yet be infallible in the all important matters of faith, is a very nice question for them to settle. If we, on pain of everlasting condemna tion, must yield to this claim, it mnust be supported by thooleorest ovidence possible. That we should yield Ido same unihesitat ing assent to the dooisions of the church that we are bound to accord to the words and oommnandmentsofour Saviour himself, must be proved beyond a doubt before we dare assent. This can only I e done front Scripture or from reason. The church of Rome professes to establish it from both, Lot us consider her argument from Scripture. It is founded upon these four texts Luke xxii. 31. "And thoe Lord said, Simon, Simon, Satan bath desired to have you that lie might sift you as wheat : but I have prayed for theo, that thy faith fail. not, and when thou art converted strengthen thy brethren." Then conies the celebrated text Matthew xvi. 18. "And Isay also unto thee that thou art Peter, and on this rook I will build my church, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail againstit:'and I will give unto thee the keys of tile kingdom of Heaven, and whatsoever thou shialt bind on' earth shall be bound in `Heaven, and whbatso over thou shalt loose on earth shall hbe loosed in IIeaven." John xxi. 10 "le saith unto hit, foeed y sheeoop." Exodus xxviii. 30. " And thou shalt put in the breastplate of Judgment the Urim and Tlhummim." Ifooeel assured that everyone here, as he listened to the reaeding of these texts, felt that wlhatover they may mean, they dont teach the doctrine of infallibility. A doctrine that can only be established tby the strongest evidence, cannot be received by such obsouro arguments. I-IHowvr lot us examiine these texts a little imor minutely. The argument from the Jewish hligh Priest bearing the Urim and Thummim, is simply ridioulous. We find OCiaphas thoJeowish High Priest presiding. over the trilbtnal which colidemned our Saviour to death. Au argument based on tile statldof the Old Testament priest hood would be productive of the miost dangerous consequences. For assuredly there was no infallibility amongst them more than in tihe Church of Rome. If there was, they mllst have lost it lwhou Cainaliano condemned the Saviour, or else as somne Itotimnuists ([ am told) have afllir met, hlie 'did right ini paissing tlhat fearful sontence..I Another text " feed my hoeep"' is equally weals as an argument; for those words may be applied to any minister of tho.Gospol. All are comman ded'to fedilioe flockeovor which they have been placed as overseers; but none could claim for themselves infallibility on that account. And then as to Peter, what did our L'ord say ? "'I have prayoed forithee that thy faith tfail not;" but 'has Christ. not 'prayed for thousands more bosides Poter, and their faitbhi did not' fail nore thail his ? 'Every man whvlo dies inl Christ, whethoer' as anmartyr for-"theltruth, or peacefully in his hIomo does so without his faith failing him, ' When Peter was to lie converted, that is restored after his disgraceful fill, lie was to sltongthon his: brothren. And this, surely, lie could very well do without infiillibility. He could use his ociwn aso--his diagraceftl denial of his Lord, the pain of conscience lid expoerienced 'because of it, and the' sharp and soarolting reproof of his Lord as a solemnn warning eo Iiis' flliiw apostles anti to other hlristian brethren;thtit their faith and attaehment to Christ shotild be strengthioned. ' Bui tho.mnin tex l titt in, hlio the foundatidn iof the ehtroh is illuded 'to,' " The gates. of hall ,hall. not prevail against her." This ij assurodly one of the motst consoling p rmisos addressed to the churoh, in the Nu'v Teattment. Our Lord thoroly essu~js us.tlhat wltsopor tlhainges mtay comit' dover tbl "w'irld althoughi the scourgo of war may sweop Pover cto fairest portions of the earth leaving nothling but distress add icosolat lion Ibolind-althqugh nations Itdy be convulsed by internal dissonilon, and revolutions may' burst. forth, hurling litonarehls from their thlronos, and soatter ing to the winds cotstitutlons that havo eotimanded obqdience for angeo; yet, anmidst alil this geoornel eredek, theOli h?vol of Christ will survivoe. This is whaet Christ has promised ; this is what Ihion been fultlleod. Teti attempt hio.htboii made to eoxtinguish Clristinaiti,.: Tli ]ihlo hais boon aough tooly to be hurnted, anti OChristians only to be parsceutod.; but the more they woere perseouted, tlhemonra they increasedlt. BIut what hs this to do' with the qubiestion? What connectlion iii' there hotwton ,pormaneonoo nd, ,infallio hility ' Nonewnlhatoever. Mon may ihe' OCltistians ewithout beihg poferoot, and thm' church olibe still thIe bodtly of lChrist though fallible, It itigit' hu urged with nas grett n degree of plnuaibililty that tihe I'Popo, or a Genoral Couneil, eoull naver sin,,ae that they could not err intdoctrine or nimorls. In many respeoots, though not in all, sin in prostic is inmore dangerous, nnd tnore roliely ti lent the dhlurl toruin than 'rrors in doitrino, As to thIe rookl on whlich 'the ehlireh imj h!ilt, ot?eo say it :is the 'dtion'feeio of Petler-" Thou art the Christ;" aitnd others thlt it is Peter himself, Not to dwell on this, let us admit that. tho 'church was founded on him. Whitfollows?. That lie occupied a place in common with the otheor apostles of our Lord in the church's foundation, as Paul says, (Eples, ii., 10.)-" Now there. foro, yo are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow.oitizens with the Suidits, and of the household of God, and are built upon the foundation of the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ hirm self being the. chief corner stonc." . That is the foundation; Peter is thero: so are the Apostles 'ind Prophets. But this is very tiufortunate for the successors of thoe Apostles. \ As the foundation of the uarlrch the.I have no successors. ITiow inhld' a fotindation have siicdeessor? The Apostles were the first stones laid of this spiritual: building; and there can he no succession of first stones. The 70 disci. ples coaoe next, and the 3000 on: the day of Pentecost came after; and all believers from that day to this have been the lively stones that have been built into this spiritual building. Lot the meaning of tile passages be whattit may,.before his Ilolinoss can call upon tis to suirondor our Protestantism and;anter his fold, he must provo that all which was given to Peotr a tilhe iest of theIApostles, lineasbeen given to.Jir and his Council. Peter 'ad the rcstilmay have been inspired, as doubtless tlie were, but how does that prove that Piui IX is so? ThoeApostles proved their ins iration by their~miracles, which are as Ely attested as tlioso of our Lord hiisecT Let hIls Iloliness perform the' saie, noil thon we salhnllcknowledge him to beothe genuine sucoeisor of those inspired nien. We have soon that the prgmise that Christ will be with the church,\does not imply infallibility. We migJt as well affirm'. that when our ]rord says; " Wheore two or throoe are g~lierod to ether in my nameo, there amio in the midst ,of them," . * * * * * * o'e aro' toconoludo tl t any two or thice persons thus assemble, are to be infallible. But the inspired ofnmon of holy scripture have told us quite the con. trary. Paul told the olders of the church at Ephesus, that grievous wolves would enter, sparing not the flck :?andb.h tolls us also that there will be a groat .falling iaway. These vords of inspired Ien touch is thnt'dange'nrus errors will spring up in thbo e urc!. But does lihe tell us, truth' will alwalys be"in thie tmajority? The Apostle Paul often fountd'that all mon fui sook him ; none stood by him. Then, is truth always in the oldest body ? If so, the Greek eouroh.stands a far bettor chance than the liRemnn. Our Roman Catholic friends always like to put the question, " 'W hero. was your churchl befnore Luther ?" Whatever may be the worth of it, they cannot say that to the Greek church,'which is quite as old and corrupt as their own. Thus you perceive that, i'ilstoiid of infallibility heing founded on cleat texts, whose meaninig is indubitable, it is built on those that are more obscure; and instead of the Roinan Catholic inter. pretation of them being the most evident, it is the most improbable. But what renders this clnim the more airrogaint, and ought to load us to scru tinizo it tho.msore narrowly, is the fact that the Itomnan Churchl horself is not agreed as to the sent of infallibility. Where does it reside P in th Popeo, in a General Council, or in noither singly, but in both combinod P This has not yet booen decided by that church. Doc tors o ninont 'lbr their talent rid learn. ing, s well as for their st? g attach. tnon to the church, haive unlited on op't ifo sides in thli cotro rsy.. The I'reil or Gallioan Church I always tnakn the loead in opposing tfo intfinlibi. lityof the Popo, and in upholding that of a GeonoralCouncil. Leot us road an oxtracb fiom. tihe four propositions of the Convention of the Pronoh Church, composed of eight archbishops, twenty. six bishops, and thirty.eight other ministers, which Inot in 1682: "J toeiporal things, kings mid prinlcs are suhyeat to ro ucclosinstical poworh of God's np. pooinent ; neithericai they directly or indi. tectjv be'deposed biy anuthority.of the keys of tle church, nor canll thi' suiljects he exain ltIed from lldulity'illd' ohnudlnlco, ioir bn ahnsolvud fromii thol', oath of. allogiance. (4.) In qoes. lions of fnith; ilieisee,' the Sunprolno Pontiff has a prinlipal part, and Inis decrees have re. ferenaeoto trllind ailtg· Icu clnohus;yet iles judgmant' i:ntincaphlo .onorrectioei,unluss It hae tIel'lioast of t h hochll'ct." We? qould sn. that "tlesb nre protty sound deolaraticns as to the provineo of the ChuroliV and State; hnd that the King of Italy had imtbibod similar views, whil lieo ialled. for his confessor to speak to him of. spirituals:.but whoen the lattor.spoke of the tafanirs of State,' the King very properly referred him to his ministors, Still the opinion of tiln Gallican Churchl is niot iquite satisfaotor'yon this subjeoot oithei; tfor, ?it'nrgo to any, thore is i' dirisio i thio Otte h ch of Rome as to .thie numboh of g'bno'ai councils. Thu Po'nor~'i'fintaii thati.tto Councils ,lof Piso, Constinco, and ButtilO woro geone. rin, whereas tIn Italinans deny it; tile Italians afnefir''tlit t thioso . o' Lyons,' 'loroncno, aiid th'. Fifth'. L'itsr'nh are' onumuonioal, and-t4hr--Fiibrnch ldony it. Hdro we Inivo oneo branch\of tho Ris. nr5 Oathloli , Oliti.?h ngai gn anrothor. Vorh are we to behliovo P7 alk of the dil . oncs mong Proteas .They nro islight compared 'wits'm this. 'All Pr sutnt Chtirollos, EstaBlisohed and tititigr, Britislh, Cottn.ti., rniu Ain r lcanr, are at one so ro , ds thlo rulo of fiib. Wit lioi hearly, ~ rinonions, inthenonus voice, 'ill theo ulit'cha of tiO at ?.[ion .:Utrlrm., and. steadfihstly a lon tlhablho.,Biblo, a l the 'Bible n is the religion of Pr? eotants;' S sa to:theo rule of aith in tie P I: Chnorh,ir ' o "ht~ove ope anglnst PPoIcounroi l tigainst counoil, and ,doo. tor agniuse dootor,.. By thIo Coencil of COnItatlnico it is anhlrmnld-- . "'the insenthl, tiolg higithtiotely gathoeren togethenr l thuo lMySpirit, nnslul tutling a ga. noeatl coucil;, .han Its lowdr imiinilhatdv' friinI Ohli't ; a1t, i tat overt y o urtoln, nof whatsouver dignity tievOn though it ?e't1in Patil, Is hotlnd tp .hey. thli calnnnlt hi.ithoscthiilgs which pier. tnuinto fItlth, itd th ie onitrtiohnt ' if thu smht schihsp, ati ti refomrimtto o .of hnthnotdhurnh fit Iln iond and niulllb5r," 'Thb' Fifthi Latcrti; Conuil ilpclanredl qiile iii 'Il o tootli of that, tihriti Pope is superior to a gonoral eptnoil, Whother', therefore, are we to believe the Fathers who mot at Constnnco, or those of the Fifth LIateran ? Verily we need an in. fallible guide to tell us which, Pope or council, is infallible. If the Fathors now in conclave in Rome pronounce it to be a doctrine of the Catholic Church, that his Holiness the Pope cannot err in matters of fith, then they will flatly con tradict tho.Council of Constnoce. That council duclated that it assembled legiti. mately in the Holy Ghost. The present council cannot claim anything higher. I ask again, which' are we to believe? Suppose that it will be decided that the Pope is infallible, and that general councils are not, what follows ? The Pope of one generation contindicts the Pope of another ; and, worse still, what are we to do when there is more than one Pope ? At the beginning of the fifteenth century there were two claim. ing to be the bead of the church, Boniface IX. at olr.oe, and Benedict XIII. at Avignon. The former died, and his party elected another. Wheno Benedict was besieged by the King of France, he fled to Catalonin, and his cairdinals joined tltose of the opposite side. Both parties, desirous of putting an end to the strife, summnoned a Council at Pisa in 1409. That council went to work with hearty good will. It declared both the Popes to be herotical, pej tured, obstinate, and unworthy of anlilly honours, and excomtnnlticatL d them from the church; and eleoctd in their room Alexander V. So, instoad of two, we have now three Popes, each hurling his anathemas at the heaond of his brother. This is a very troublesome alliir to the upholders of Papal infnlli. bility. Cardinal Bollarmine, one of the most acute, subtle, and learned defenders Rome has over possessed, finds himself here in ai fix. Ho had always placed the Pope above a council, Accordingly, he could not admit that of Pisa to be goneral, because itcondemned two Popes; but if le denied it to be general, then the succession of the Popes is broken, a link in the chain is snapped. IHeo very prudently invents a now place for that of Pisa. "It seems to be a genordl couu. oil neither approved or disapproved." Such are some of the inextricable laby. rinths in which believers in infallibility tire involved. These differoences have always existed in the bosomt of that church, have distracted her councils, and disturbed her peace. Now it conclave of cardinals and bishops is met to proimto peace and unity. How long it will continue its sittings no mantun con toll. It bids fair to follow the example of thai of Troent, which sat some fifteen or sixteen years; as it began in December last, and, how ever many long Latin speeches have been delivered, nothing has yet been decided. The telegrams by this mail state that many of the holy Fatthers have left Rome, and that the dogma of infallibility is not to be pressed. I sus poet, if Pius had anticipated thalllt he should have encountered such firm oppo. sitiou on the part of many of the bishops, and booee compelled to endure such plain speaking, and tp liston to such a nutnbor of unpleasant truths as has not fallen to the lot of any Pops for tile last throo hundred years, ho would have thought twice before he sutmmoentd them together. There is division in the Caouncil. Strong, vigorous opposition has been given to the Court at Rouoe; and we have the words of the bishops them. solves for it. 'We don't nood to go to the Reportors for that, as we have their own published statemoents as evidence for the truth of our assertion., The chief and leading opponents of thit prosout policy of tile Roman seo, are the Freonoch and Gorman prelates. This is. just what might have boon expeoted. Thle Fronh tire true to the traditions of their own National Church. Although there ite h eoon liercer contests between Catholic and Protostant in Francd than anywhero, and cruelties have boon in. flioted on their opponents as barbarous as those of anly other poeple, ospeuially in the early part of tbo contest, yet it oannot be denied, since the granting of the Gallioan liberties, Fronoh Catholies have beoot far more liberal than others, and have pro duceod a brighter galaxy of distinguished names than any other country. Sotme of the' best mea that ever breathed belonged to the Catholio Church of Franco, Pascal; oneo' of the sublimest writers in any language, and IFonolon, one of the inost pious of men, and most porsuinsive of Christian writers; Bourdalono, Boesuot, and Massillon, ;throo pulpit orators, who, if they have beonequallod, certainly have' never booeen surp?ssod by any orators in the world; those and' others that might be namnd, hll bolonged to tile Ohuroh of 'raneeo, If Bos'suot litad' lb?dn alive, his burning ooiceico wouldl, 'doubtocss have been direooted against tlhe present atttempt of thie Papnoy. 'ITha'lt cburh is certainly' tnot wjlhat she ,as then., She has beotdat mnoreoervilo to.Renme; but still'sas of old, she lio hq?is snih valiaiit' onsalthosbldly cosa froutltheo hbad bf ile Oith?lulie'md?'rld,rniid c?oetnd for tlir' tirturar'i rights. Fore most "among iloseo, is. to be reckoned Fautler. Hyanolnthlo. I-Io is, from all no.' sounts, the irst;orator in Franoe, :Hle dres orrnwds"of admsiring uditrs Enabbath after Sabbathlto tiet 0Catlmedral 'bf Notro Dameo to listeaeto lifs :bhnrt-stirring ad. drossoes. It sluisltl'bo to 'is, I Ilthinkl, a malttor of tlhankfulnes to Almighty God, thut' sueh a mat, notwithstandicg' Itis errors on some points, should base tite opportunity of prooleaching tle Gospel of Jesus Ohrist ii'n'tho'eathlodral of tle gay, frtiahldionallo and voluptuous sity of Patris,' .He is ih'rvblt'from frtome o His warm and gon'orodus hdrt robola ogaiost.tho ro straSint w,hioh hiea hursh impospe:on him, :leo boholds in till Christian 'mon truo brothers in Chlrist; and Ie hlas given and roodived the right hIand of fellowslip from Amoricnan Clhristinnas of all donominntions.' Ilore we have'not an ignoramt, dbtduro, bigoted monk, 'risin?g up is robosliomn ngtinst lnomoe, but oneo of theo miost dis tinuished moen witlio hebor pale on th, soil of France, Anotlheor valiant defndmor of the righiA pf liiostrdr,.Wtil a vigorous oppoiuonnt of tile Popo's infllibility, is'lBishltop Dupan'. loup, of Orleans, IIo socms to be thi loader of the opposition, end evidently maunages the matter with great ability and dexterity. He does not appear to have his equal among all the bishops of Franco. In a vigorous letter against passing tho dogma, he says "' But lot us lay aside all that will he said oere, and which one day will he said-Bleliold the 140 bishops who conjure on this question, thIe oly Father and the Council to' stop, and you, as if that was not the case, cry to the ouncil--We are undoer the impulse of no coasity I Let ius marchl on-let is march on. But is it a luore bagatelle in your eyes thlat they will pass on over the bodies of so many tieIRhps, so many people, and no manly great churoches? You cannot spilak of necossity, when so manlly of your colleagues spenk of purils. Alove all, you canllnot speak of llunnimity, nor invoke the general seotimoents of the Ep]liscopacy, or of the faithful in Ger. nany and Firance, whea the Germanll Ep]iseo. pate ah1nost entirely is eagainst you." Should the dogma pass or not these words of this able Bishop are not likely to.bo soon forgotten, by the Protestant woorld at least. Then the theological faculty of the Sorbnne, the miost dis tilguished in that country, is on the same ide. Tire of its leOlbors-the Abbe Murat, and tile Abbo Gratry-write vigor. ously on the subject. Here are the words of the intters-and, remaem bher, they are those of a distinguishiod Rolm?an Cathoolo- " We have had aullngst nl for manly coiln Ilrius the school of dlissimulation and of lies. Thely hnvo uitilattld thle lrovinar whicl from the 7th to the 16ith centulry, spoke ill ildisplil table terlms of the colidenlllation of Ilonoriuo (a Pope) as it heretic. We have still amoengst i1s at the Ilreseolt day, the saola school oft'rror founded uplon paiioll, bli1ndness, and rashlloes \--a school which decidel for itself without seeing or listeliing to testimonly; and which dolies or altlirns accordinlg as it wishes," I think you will allow that none of you over heard me say a severer thing of the Church of Rome than this, which one of her own sons says of a party within her. In Germany we hnd the same thing evell loro decidedly, than in Franco. There although liberty of speech in affairs of stato has never flourished, there has generally been unlimited freedom, if not boundless licenso, in matters of religion. Thero, learning in all its 'brancheos has been more zealously cultivated than in any other country in Europe. Education is not only geneorally diffused, but in most states, is rendered compulsory by the Government. The Protestant and the Catholio study side by side, In some Universities where the ..,a.country is divided, Catholic and Protestant pro. fossors are dolivering lectures on theology to their respectivo students un. der the salite roof. Consequently there is not the sanoi violent antagonism be tweon the members of the two creeds, as in thosoe oountries whore thoey are oduoated in. separato denominational schools and collogos. As an effect of this, Catholics are much more liberal and much more learned than in other countrieos. lanly of them are profoundly versed in the history of the church and, consequently, in the preselit orisie, the German liashops, llnost to a mnan, are on the liberal side, One of the minost distinguisheod divineos of the Catholio Churlh now living is unquos. tionnbly Dr. D)illinger, of Munich. Some of his works ooetpy a very high place in the theological world, and are read with admiration both by Catholics and Protones. taltts; Ie also is strongly opposed to the now dogina. Ile is the reputed anutlorof a book called "Jau'us" which mlost ilmor. cilosoly oexloses, by rgullllments drawn from history and reason, the present pretensions of the Roman Seao. Such, in point of chiaracter and ability, are some of the op. poneonts of' the policy which theo court of Rome. is now pursuing. Who are its defendersl ? In point of numbers they seem to form the inmjo. rity. Most of the Italians, I suppose, beocauso they bask under the rays of tlio groat contral sun of the Catholio world, firo devoted to the views of Pilus. The hierarchy of Spain, long the most gloomy and bigoted country in EIuropo, aroe, s mllight havo boon expoted, on the samo side, lint what shall I say of those ill hon wh om , perhaps, are most il. torested, the bishops of our own country? Without an oxception, I am sorry to say, they are the devoted'ndhoronts of the party under the1 sway of the Jesuits, Is it not; molancholy to think that he who, some fiftoon .yoars. ago, was an arohdoncon iiu the Church of England, is now one of the most proliinent sunp. porters of the rotrograde policy, and most 'servilo in his devotion to the dogma of infallibility,-I moan Arch bishop Manning,. It is a fact, and a most melancholy one, that none are propared to go a gronator length in swallowing. the inost absurd doctrinos then those who have during the last thirty yoars seceded to the Churoh of Roin0 from the Chlfirch of Englulid, I suppose it" is becauseo tloy liro now in the years of their first love, aid nro so smitton. with the charms of the Holy Ottholio Church that. they are blind to the Inmany ugly defeoots which shebo carries abbutv itlh her, ilid whioh older and more xporioncdd l:hnnds have long dis covoerbd'and arb no xoxposnlgg. SIt is rinthor'singular, too, tllat a'nlmost, all thile bishops who. live .in0 Protoelant countries are much moolo slavish intheir, attnachment to- tho Papnoy, antd much moro gonorally side with ths Pdpo at thle presdnUt crisis, thln'tlloisoof Oitholic coountries;. Thir' eanson of tliht i?, I ap. Iorhoed, that tlje' formoir iire niuch moro unlldor itho contol of the Papal eourt than.ih Iintter. They ar odirecotly un de' the "Propognnda" lat Rome, whori all th lOrnlhi npphoilitlonts :0r made 0and the mainll movements originated and ooli idllod, It 'is niot so in Cilthblio cou0 . trios, "The Governlna hav' relloh to do with ocolosionstical :alpoinltlnonts, uiid gonoranlly t'ho Poalipe and the King or hmlnpror c'iloludo an ngroolenit callod, a COoncordat, in lwhloh the State" gralits ' crnin privilogos 'on cor. tain conditions, In ino Catholio coiiitiy oan tho bishops or clergy read from their pulpits, a hull of the 'Popo owitliout the Goveornmont giving its sano. tion,--c,,: thbo Elperor of.the Fronch prohibited'all the hishlops of Fronce from reoading the. Syllabus from theoir pulpits. In this I bhalleov he ?ns justified by the Conoordrit hle cnol unlded witlh Rome before, 'hut in heo Unlted'Staiotes of Anio'rloand iii Grdeat Jrli3itn, l 'blhibps could road a ilhull from tho Pope every Sundey and holiday, if they thought it, and the t vernment would never interfere. 'T got nothing, and consequently eox nothing. In a Catholic country if a bil happens to quarrel with the Pope on matter, and obhinoes to got the protecti of the civil power, he may sot Iis.Holit at defiance for a time; but if one ii Protestant state does the same he is l to his fate; nobody will take him hl,y hand. This accounts in some measure the slavish obedience which most of British bishops tender to the inso1 domiuion of the Papany. There are two honourablo exception this state of things, if not among the I hops, at least among the clergy, of Brit, viz., Dr. Newman and Mr. Ffoulkhs, were both brought up in the Church England. Dr. Newman, since the des of Cardinal WTiseman, is unquestional the ablest defender of Itomanism Britain. I have not rend any of works since I left college; but the' was much struck with his marvellous, trovcrsinl skill. Beyond anyone I ale ever read, he had the power of maki black look white. Some years ago oaId thnt sinao ho eonteroed t1e C urci Romo, ho lhad roaclhecd a safo and seci inarbour; and lying safely at anolior, ooked out with pity and oompassion u his P'rotostnnt brotlhren driven about tomp0ostuous ea witlhout a compass. wouder whiother ho tliinko ho has got into troubled wators angain. At events, ho i fisaid to have declared cently that tho present dogma is attomnpt of an insoleintfaction. Next to Dr. Nowmana, Mr, Pffnulles pierhaps tho most distinguishlod of Ringlishi pierveorts. bo lins publish sovorni worlks; ono on tIoe " Crown Council," in wlhicli heo deaonls somo lie blows to tIh Papnl Court. Ho snys Archlbishops Manning "'liTerfelro, my LorId, I int lile conenii Inovitnblo, thant wtotlor ibsollitely inorrout iliotin masttites of tiitli, Roonu Iihs anltnisn PirovOd, dluriiing tlo Inat 1000 years, that slie bs n ainot iegligelit, liositating, flokle, s| siilnkig, tIyioritical gisido to otheur, ci wtleuro thell fnith I Oiicrned. * * f01 CoouncIsl tlsit woro over iUolIl, I sipo08s tin nover was onu in wliclhi liypoorisy, duptlk ousd worldly iiotivsu i pltayed a inor coipi onsi or siegrctulul part tosis in Intat F'lorooe." Mri. Ffoulkoes was tnakeo to tnsk Isis sayings ; Isis caneo broughtboforot) Romain Cou rt; that Court called ui him to rotract, through the Arohbialse to wlhoin lio replied "You imssit Ihave folt in your own tI_ tlhee was not roe iin a tlhousnd o(if ysir cil cnteod csnisitrynoen over lilkely to ncceloe to cnnopromisnieo of tlhin ldocrlption.. I pitied ye GrincI fiiroi thie lirnt, in lavisg t Io ls to i otsrsinsitt of a CUiirt ohlclaly. styled lt! wiose absorbiiig ilen seeuunedl to bh tnhat of I own csionseslsence, nd its least conscerI tlis toruatn of tlhios in whoso blhinlsf it professed' aot." Y0ou Imay well ask, why did D Fl?ulkos join the Church of .lome ? 11 now admits that he derived as inue good in the Church of England as in t one hI has joioed; and that the Arc bishop himself was as good a man wlh archdeacon of that church, as he is now rather buttes, Mr. Ffoulko's thinks., What does Mlr. Ffoulkes say for himsi "]But until I had actually boon receive into communion with Iome, it Was a own impression, and I was assured b rooembers of the Church of Rome over ii over again, that I couldsnover judge her system fairly," Such was his ranson and you will all agree with me, that it a very weak one. Hlu neglcoted to a upon the old adage. "Look before ys leap." If an intelligent m'in; well vers in history, could at thius, what oan think.of the roasons of hundreds of elorg snon, and ladies of rank, who have go over to Roame thIse few years back I they, weore not obstinateloy blinded bh prejudice, the doings and discussions a this Council, would be sufiienut to opec their eyes, IIeow will the Counoil ond? we n?o caro very little. Can we boliovo that whatover its dooision mny bo, it wil proceed from the Holy Ghost ? AI nassombly, whero proper freedom is de nied-whore no subject can beo intro duced without consent of theo Popeo' advisors; and whore the LishBps Anr provonted from meeting privately to golthor for consulting on those matters; which is under thbo dictation of men who botray such ignoranco of the rules o freeoo discussion, or if not ignorance, in. veterato determination to violate their at every step--oan wo boliovo it i anoting undoer the inspiration of the Holy Ghost P Lot him believo who can, It is often brought as a reproes nguiinst Proltetants that they nare plit up into innumernblo seotions; :and tht division is tlhe nocossary ofibt of tle oxeroisoofprivate judgement, Thoro nr evils incident to our divisions, but not so groeat as to the opposite side. Ton thousnmld timesc ritledr thb fieoodow and vitality of Protestantism, with all her divisions, than the slavery nid tor por of Catholioissm, notwithlstanding her bodastd uniformity. Yet theoro is more real unity among Protestants than in the Romnn Cnltholiuo huroh, If thias ounoil does nothing elso, it mabifoets thiii.' We aroe ll heartily united as'etq ,th'leti'1 .(o faith; but theoy arq,dividedi as to: th? sednt of, infallibility.' They cliith to bo infallible ; arid if we as1i, who'ia intilli ble ? iomo'.oreply, thie P.op~ ;j solno, ngo. noral ounaoli; and others both combined Before the whole oflOhrietoeendtm this couicil prolitis' byitr divisioun, that the bolstod unity of Rome is an empty nameo. Withll the leading, most talontod, nid most infiuential bishops 'and theologians of Freico and Germany opposed t o the policy. of the Pope, we may well say, "First cast the booeam out ofthinoe own eye, thoen shalt thou soe; olonrly to' cast the' mote out of thy brotli'er's eye." Lot?es hold fast our liberty ntid firmly do. foned the trulth comlnitted to,aur core, Instead of an infallliln visile honed, we have still the Holy Ghost nlidng all sileor enquirios alfter trurth. With full rollnneo upon Ills promnlsed aid, lot r?s study,our great chnrt, tlnd, direot Ing our, ouolro in naeordnlood. thurowith, we shall heo Ifalllhly guidod to the gates of 1Idaven' and shall pns inth that happy liand, where all the eolse, and.rlestli, and debate ei thle OCirelt below laver for over dlid away, and whllere celetlr joy enlld eano shall reign fno ever nid over, Prlnterd 'and published by' the Prdprletor, ",oerrP WVas.ro, at tire ooi ator ts Instansawsep darkot-pqqu rso,ersel, Jue.e 0,1B70, 