HOME. Eight new peers lmvo boon created, including Glynn tho Banker ami Sir John Aitou. Lords Grey and Do Redcliffo havo recoivcd the vacant garters. Tho Earl of Zotlaud bus resigned his grand mnstor- ship of tho Masons. Lord Salisbury has been elected Ohanoellor of Oxford University. O'Donovan ltossa bus boon olooted mombor for Tipporary. Disraeli is willing to adopt tho bullot. Largo army reductions aro iu contemplation. Tho Fonian outrages continue. Calinghor has boon murdered for breach of faith and a clergyman's house in Tipporary has boon des troyed by tbe Fenians. Cardinal Cullou condemns Romanism in his pastoral lettor. A Colliory explosion ha taken plaeo at Swansoa, and six men wore killed. The hulf-ponny nowspapor poBtago has boen con ceded by tho Trousury. Tho celebratod Grisi is dead. Tns Long Bur doe. — Our correspondent '-Sufferer' has not magnifiod in any wuy tho risk which horsemon and carmen run while crossing tho Long Bridgo. It is in an oxooetlingly unreliable stato, and almost as dangerous to pass ovor us tho single hair along which tho Vlahoinodun travels to Paradiso. It is no fault of tho Town surveyor that tho rubbishing struoluru oannot bo kept in repair, nor of tho Corporation that a better one is 'not put iu its plaeo ; no man cau patch up ii uuu iniiig auu rnako a goon ono of it, and no body of mon are justified in running tho puhlio into debt unless thoy soo their way very cloarly when and how to got thorn out of it. Our Municipal authorities oannot at' prosunt build p now bridgo — thoy havo not the monoy at command, and wo do not supposo for an instant tlmt tho Government can spare any monoy to carry on pitolio works whioh will |not immediately benefit tho south j but wo think that a clump rail might bo place on either sido of tho bridgo and tbo liolos in tho planking boarded ovor. Herbert's Creek.— Kain has at last fullon at Horbort's Ureok and tho diggers who havo stuok man fully to tlio ground aro busily ongngod in washing up. A very fuir quantity of gold iB boing procured — quite UB much as was oxnectod — anil tin, minors urn ilfinltlfir. in from tho surrounding diggings. Tho returns are so satisfactory that tho original prospectors aro about to apply for tho Government reward, a reward which however often due, appears to bo but seldom paid, Sovoral parties are out on tho Wostwuod ranges and many good specimens have been brought into town. Assault anii Battery.— Ann Lee eummonod her husband Thomas Lee on Woduosday last for assaulting her; upon boing taken into custody tho dofondant said that ho never struck the woman ; sbo oamo homo drunk and fell against tho window and out horsolf. Tho plaintiff declared that bor husband beat hor with his fist, kiokud her whon she was down and out hor head and lace. Dr. Satniond stated that ho had soon tho woman aud fouud sovoral bruises ou her hoad nnd ono wound on tho upper and left part of tbo frontnl bono about half an inoli long, it wits a suporfluial wound and might be caused by u kick with a boot. Tho Bouah sontonood tho prisonor to pay £5, and in dofuult of payment two months impriioumont in Rookhnmpton gaol. Licences. — Curriers liconoos wore granted to Pctor Glarktn, John Collins, John Lewis, Jamas Woods, Gcorgo Mooro, Goorgo Bowyer, John Geury and Robert Mnrekrow, eaoli for ono drey. IHlUNKARDSj— OfcatenjaononianvrasbrouEht Tub Blacks Again.— For somo timo past tho blaoks, in largo numbors, hoyo camped at Blind Crook, within a stones throw of tho town j tho noiso thoy mado, nnd tho nnnoyonoo thoy created wore almost unbearable ; thoy yollod and Bhoutod, and quarrelled by night and by day, and mon and womon trooped along of nu cvoning in a etnto of beastly intoxication. Still no stops wero tnkon to got rid of, thorn, thoy wore permitted to remain, to carry on thoir potty deproda- tioiiB, and to kcop tho whole neighbourhood in a Btato of alarm with porfcct impunity. Somo two or Ihroo days bnck a most frightful smoll catno from lho direc tion of tlio camp, wliioh booumo, at last, bo intolerable that a soaroli wiib sot on foot by those who lived noar to find, if possible, from what onuso it nroso. Tho party had not long to look, guidod by tho stonoh thoy came upon tho doad body of a black, lying by tho creok in a stato of shooking decomposition. It appoar that a fight took place lit tho oamp somo wook sinco, and it is supposed the body found wsb tlmt of ono of of tlio combatants. Tho Corporation sont out two mon, and had tho remains of tho unfortunate follow interred. We havo frequently urged upon our autho rities tho necessity of keeping tho blacks away from tho town i thoy lmvo lntoly boon a frightful nuiaanco to thoso who livo a short distance from tho contro blocks j poultry yurds havo boon thinned, gardens robbod of their fruit, clothes lines oloarod of linon, whilo tbe lan- gungo used — very oboioe Saxon — has been of tbo most disgusting nature. Besides, when drunk, theso said bluoks aro not to be trusted \ and it is not improbablo wo shall hoar somo day, of a bruto cutting down, or spearing a cliihl or two — then, perhaps, aotivo Btops will bo taken to gat rid of them. ' Cotter Smelting Co. — Tho mooting hold on Wed nesday aftornoon at the Royal Fitzroy Hotol, for tho purposo of making arrangements to form a publio company to oroot smelting furnaoos in tho neigbbour- hootf of Rooklmmpton, was — wo may adlrm— a success. Tho Mayor, who was in tho choir, said ho felt certain that the orocti:n of a fumoco would boa profitablo speculation, ns tlioro wore many owners of oopper soo- tions wito wero not able, from want of means, to provo tho vnluo of tlioir ground, but who would, if they lmd ODnortunittos of smelting smnll quuntitios of ore, bo quickly in a position to oporato aotivoly. Captnin David stntod — Tlmt tho cost of erecting a smelting furnnoo whioh would molt 30 tons per week, would bo about £640. Tho fire-bricks ho had caloulatod at £7 por 1000, import prico, but ho was well assured that oxcollcnt bricks could bo mado noar Rockhampton ; he had discovered first-rato clay, which, with a little admixture of quartz, would answor admirably. Tho working cxpoiiBusho ostimntod— wages, £30 ; firewood, &c.;, £30 1 a fair elmrgo for smultiug would bo £5 por ton, and 30 tonB at this rato would produce £150. Mr. Banks stated -That ho knew of oight or nino holdors of coppor clnims, who would gladly support tho under taking by Bonding their coppor to bo smeltod, and thore wero many othors who had ooppor at grass, whioh was lying usolesB from tho want of u furnaco at hand. Ho hail a list of thoso gentlemen who had promised their co-operation ; tboy wore willing to take shares, but had not stntod tlio oxact numbor. Ho proposed that tho capital should bo £1000 in £5 slmros, and ho con sidered tlmt that sum would bo amplo. In answor to Mr. Hoadrick, Mr. Banks said — That Bovorul ownors of coppor sections had undertaken to solid all tho ore thoy possibly oould, but no guarantees had been given, noithor could thoy bo oxpected, but ho was certain that thoy could now dopond upon u supply for tho first six months. Sovoral goutlomon oxprosBcd thomselvcs of an opinion that no guarantees could bo obtained. Mr. William Hill said — Ho would tnko shares, nnd would also supply a quantity of ore. Tho Chairman said ho was not satisfied, that thoy had suf ficient dofinito and satisfactory information boforo them to justify them in iuvostiug their monoy, and in asking the publio to lako up shares. Mr. Brodnitz considered tlmt tliay ought not to wait for guarantees, and he moved " Tlmt tho town bo ennvnssod for shares in tho undertaking, tlmt no expenditure should bo in curred, or company formed, until a mooting of tho shareholders had deoided, by a two-thirds majority, to go on with tho undertaking." Tho resolution was seconded by Mr. Banks, and carried. Mr. Banks said Ho would cnll upon tho gentlcmon who hud signified thoir liitontion ot h mug BUiiroS) (ina QscoriQin now many they would subscribo for. Tlio luocting tlion broke up. An Entebtrise. — Mr. Voysoy, of this town, lms been for somo past busily ongaged in making preparations for opening a branch of his Blacksmith and Wheelwright busi ness at Maoktiy, where ho fancies there is a good ; — t. i. .oJ.otnj-l. jjiooiw-y 'ior fltying tho foundation of a largo business, und opornlions wit ho eommoneod almost directly. Air. Yoysoy lms sont up a good supply of well-Bonsonod timber, suitable for milking waggons, drays, &o.;, and as ho has a thorough knowledge of his business, and is woll known through out tho North for his straight- forward nmnnor of doai- ing, ho will, no doubt bo well supported. tneatek Royal. — Dan Briggs had a houso crowded to tho coiling on tho night of his benefit, nnd ho was warmly received by tho uudienco when ho entered as Unclo Peto, a character which fits him to admiration, and which ho plays remarkably woll. Tlio loss wo say about tho man nor in which tho famous drama was pro- duued, and tho 'way in wbieh the actors and nctresscs struggled through thoir parts, tho bettor — wo shall content ourselves with congratulating Mr. BriggB upon the host houso of the soaBon, and by wishing that tho various performances had been mora worthy of the patronage bestowed. But, aftor all, what oould be ox- pootcd ? With but littlo timo givon to study parts, which aro exceedingly difficult, first to understand, and then to delinoatn ; with a small theatre where no proper sconio effect oould bo produced, with a total absence of all the intrioate maohinery, absolutely ne- cessary to give any idea ot tlio sensational situations, and without tho numorous required stage proporties, how was it possible to giro oven a faint idea of tho " Octoroon. Why wili tho manugemont attompt to produco plays which can confer no credit on the theatre j surely there uro hundreds, nay, thousands of dramas quito within tho grasp of tho little company, which would bo less exponsivo to place upon tho stage, and far more satisfactory to tho audience. TitESPAes. — Henry Juvobs v. Joseph Pattison. MoBBrs. Milford and Daly for plaintiff: Mr. Bellas for defendant. Before Arr. Wisoma'n,althePolico Court on Friday. The plaint was — That Henry JacobB, on tlio 21et day of October, 1867, boing a parson hold ing a miners right, did by virtuo of tno provisions of tho 20 Yio., No. 39, and tho rules and regulations made in pursuance thoroof, tako possession of a certain pioco or parcel of land situato at Moriuish, containing 240 foot lino of roof, for tho purposo of working tho samo as a gold mining roof, und fully complied with all tho requirements of tho said Act of Council, ami tho said rulo's and regulations mado as uforosaid. And that on tho 28th day of April, 1862, you, tho said Joseph Pat tison, did unlawfully infringo the provisions of tho said act nnd rules thorouudur, by unlawfully trespass ing upon and taking possession ol tho said pioco or parool of land, without tho consont or permission of tho said Honry Jacobs, or any parson under or by his authority, and by removing thorufrom Inrgo quantities of gold to tho valuo of £100. To this Joseph Patti son, tho defendant, replied. 1st. — Tlmt I was sorvod at my Btora at Blaokfollow's Gully, which is distant 14 milos from Morinish, and 46 miles from Rooklmmp ton, with tlio copy summons hereunto annoxod. 2nd. That immediately aftor tho sorvioo I forwardod tho said summons to Rockhampton by a apooinl mosson- ger to obtain tho neocssury Bubposnas, and I inysolf, loft tho aforosnid Blaokfollow's Gully on tho morn ing of tho 20th, for Rooklmmpton. 3rd.— Tlmt Alutthow Bonnott iB a most material and m.nnj<imi.v witnoss for mo in this notion, aud, as I am adrised aud boliove that I oannot sufely procood to tho trial thereof without his tostiraony. 4th. — That tlio said Matthew Bonnott is now at Peak Dowdb. 5th. — That I havo a good and bona fid dofonoo to this action on tho morits, and I havo not had Bufllciont timo siuoe tho eervico of tho said summons to got up my dcfonco, 6th. — That tho subpamu could not bo servod upon Bonnott on account ot his absonoe. Air. Bollas tlion mado nil application on tlio part of tho dofondant for an adjournment of tho case. The Bonoh grantod tho adjournment for 3 weoks on pay ment of witnosses oxponsos, amounting to £G 8s., with £4 4s. professional eoBts, and tlmt plaintiff's share in the gold bo lodged in tho Australian Joint Stock Bank, in tho namo of tho legal managor, John O'llourko, to a trust account from this diito, and tlmt tlio hooks of tho company from this dnto to bo produced on domand, to bo inspected by tho plain tiff's uttornoy. Subkties to Keep tiib 1'kaok.— Ellen Richards stated that she was tho wifo of Josoph RichardB, nnd that ou tliu 13th of this month her husband had threatened to tako hor lifo. Tho constablo deposed tlmt ho servod a copy of a summons on defundnnt J|2a2Bj||laOihoueomttliiiift<) Bonnie Doon Co. — Tho adjourned gonoral mooting of tho shareholders, convoncd for tho purposo of con sidering the advisability of winding up tho affairs Of tho company, was hold nt tho ofilcos of tho Secretary | in East-stroot yoslorduy aftornoon at four o'clook. Tho chairman, Mr. Livormoro, having doelnrod tlmt tho quorum required was prosont, roquostod tho Secretary to road tho resolution. It was moved, seconded nnd carried unanimously, tlmt tho company bo wound up, and by a socond motion tho liquidators wore ap pointed. Cornbtalk.— Tho hall attached to the Cornstalk whioh was formerly, whon loosed by Mr. Rice, a fnvorito plaoo of resort, but whioh has lately boon closed, will bo oponod this ovoning by Air. T. H. Olnrkson who will dolivor a sorios of literary soloetions, and siug at intervals sovoral favorito ballads both comio and aontimental. Mr. Clarkson is well worth hearing ; ho possesses oonsidornblo talent and lms ono of tlio most wonderful momorios wo havo over mot with. A Miner Spiritist. — We olip tho following from tho Sydney Morning Herald : — A quoor story is told in tho Pleasant Crook News by n writur whoso character for integrity nnd voracity is woll attostod. Ho lms been for Bomo timo residing in Now Zealand, and says — I lmvo saved a olnitn hero at tho Thames through: a spirit communication. It hnd boen ncgloated, and was liablo to bo jumped, whon I was told by spirit- writing that six mon wero coming nt nino o'clock tlio noxt morning on to tho claim to jump tho ground, with other particulars of thoir progrnmmo. I was there with tbo mon I got, just in tho nick of timo to save tho cluiin. Tho jumpers camo exactly at tho timo I was told thoy would do, and thoy saw at onco tlmt thoy wore completely ohookmatod, and looked sheepishly dissapointod and as whito as ghosts whan thoy saw wo wore too many and too Btrong to bo bounced by thorn. You see by this that I am a spiritist. 