NOTES ON ENGLISH THEATRI CALS. Ac. (continued.) The withdrawal of "Little Emly" from the boards of the Olympic Theatre, London, while in the full tide of its success, was ab solutely necessitated by previous arrange ments. The drama by Mr. Halliday was suc ceeded by a new ana original borlesqud by Mr. W. S. Gilbert, entitled " The Princess, and founded on the Poet Laureate's poem of that name. The burlesque was presented for the first time on Saturday, 8th January last. Its success was immense, and fully achieved the managerial announcement, " that it is an attempt to reform a much abused branch of dramatic entertainments (burlesque), not only in the selection of a high-class work for the subject, but by treating It with refinement and elegance." " In carrying out this idea," says a critic, " the author is entitled to be regarded as a reformer in a department of dramatic literature much in need of reform." Mr. Gilbert's work is in more than one respect a remarkable production. It not only differs in many points from ordinary bur lesque, bat its differences are nearly all in its favour. It has. a story in it which pretty closely follows the Laureate's, and being therefore full of strange in terchange between the fanciful and the teal, the old time and the new, is never theless sufficiently allied to the human pas sions and the ordinary relations of man and woman to enlist the sympathies and secure the attention of the audience. The music is well chosen from the worksof Offenbachand other modern composers of the lighter French school, and there is no " breakdown" or parody of a mnsic-hall song to disturb there fined smoothness of the poetic legend. The most striking innovation, however, is the sub stitution of blank verse for rhyme. The dia logue, however, is thoroughly witty, lively, and full of clever allusions. As an instance, amoral taught by Tennyson is thus humor ously pointed by the dramatist:— Princess— Oh, I had hoped To bud all women with mymiidea throng, And make them ail abjure tyrannic man. Hildebrand—A noble aim. Pbiscesb— Too ridicule it now. But if I carried out thia glorioui echeme, At my exalted name Posterity Would bow with gratitude. HrLCEBHAKD— But pray reflect, . If you enliat all women in yonrcauae, And make them all abjure tyrannic man, The obvioue question then arieee How la this Posterity to beprovided fort Mr. Gilbert lias treated Aha, theme be has chosen with a delicate fancy, and witha keen sense of the ludicrous positions Indicated by. the Laureate. On all sides congratulations pour in upon Mr. Gilbert for this spirited en deavour to rid the stage of the excessive vul garity of modern burlesque, breakdown dances, ugly hulking men costumed as. females, and the flash, vapid, and nonsensical music-hall effusions called songs. The differ ence between this chaste burlesque and the one current at the Strand Theatre, forms the subject of a,trenchant article in bne of the London reviews. After reiterating ! the ■ opinions beldby tbecriticsof "ThePrincBss," he turns to the burlesque being then pliayed at the Strand. " 'Ino,' "hesays, "is a bur lesque that wopld harrow up the ghost of the late Madame Vestris, accustomed as was that lady to the brilliant extravagances of, Mr. Planche. 'Ino' is cleverly written, bat: ria^^^hsichaSrmob. ^mfwns^th^ .*Ina is, op course, a sncoess. Remarking this fact, one is tempted to ask,' What would not succeed at the Strand Theatre f^Oonvfo-! tion quickly answers, 'Modesty and taste. Very severe; butwhoa it* \- /^therjp^at improvement fn^eamusd-' first production of Monsieur. Hervd's Tnew <w»fo opera, -"GbUperic." _fey.the,"" Man,sell/ at the Lypeu ; served also;to |ntaSjiuo t»ser as a singer ol great taster As a . composer, Monsieur Peris a reputation 'sash*** created first production at tL, , Tlw/work^is.ifomiaaioalcirifles,] to ['be ' *' ringtikri? tunbfui, whotrtbe phg;;! Mona. H«v6 basmetwttb teeny ' • f !•••!<< '• . -I -» ill ) 1 t roentary remarks from the Londk^T "His acting," says one, "is refined end snbtle humour-" ar^ iv^0n ®f pleasure we cordially record tWamnL18 ^ qm vocal success of a style of nne hkely todislodge the worn-out, naJ^^nt le6que. with its polntless dialomM breakdowns-an entertainment a better and brighter stamp flJ* oE which "by this time hatf tlte wa} *> least have become so much aeS at In this opera I am pleased to observ^iu ^ i old Australian favourite, Mr? has renewed hit AMnoinu. ... warem I audience. Heappears,accordingtocHn 01 have made himself a leading »vw£Pca'19 Sigebert, brother to Chilperia R^i °,n ^ Gauls (M. Herv<5).,, The St James'Th^ ?e under the lesserebip of Mia. John Wn^e: the experienced management of Mr va,Jr I Hingston, still continues atriumphtot'Ji'P After a very successful run. of ITcoil <s\T * umwii tu ittwui vi Sheridan's niiuAa^:""" i " The School for Scandal," announcedt^ I tion of the character of Sir Peter Tpj^H Mr. William Farren, and great cuikSS » ' excited to see how far that gentieros^ Su L succeed in reviving _ recollections 0f Z1 nervous lrritabihty and the polished'sinu I man which were so singularly blendon »uer! such artistic ability by hik late 1 I have been singularly fortunate, and I «„1 this without displaying any egotism, in riving I at various times information that has ham I discarded, and often sneered at, by contem I poiary journals. I announced the final CI somewhat premature retirement from thai stage of Mr. and Mm. Boucicaolt, and for.| sooth because some of the obscure upconntrvl papers did not discover any such an intimuJ tion in their files, the idea was pat down! as erroneous. It, however, tamed ontl a fact. I was, by my San Francisco corre-1 spondent, on the Uth December last, in an| article which appeared in Tine. Australasian.! advised of the intention of Tom Thumb! and party to visit these colonies at aal early date, but because _ another journal bad not also been advised, it stated in its first, notice of that company's appearance in MeEl bourne that, until they arrived, no one knevl of tbeir coming. I have now to notify that! another of the ornaments of the EnglM stage has intimated his intention to retire into private life. Mr. Phelps, on the occasion! of his benefit at the Theatre Royal, Belfast,! on the 7th of January, after performing Sir] Peter Teazle, while thanking his audience, for their patronage, said, "I trnst shortly,! once again before I retire finally from the stage, to have the pleasnre of making toy bo« toyou.'1 In the theatrical obituary for the montl of January, I find recorded the death of Mrs.1 F. Morton, better known as Mrs. Robertf Hpnner, whose achievements as a dramatic! actress are chronicled principally in thai theatrical annals of the buney Theatre] London. As the original representative! of Susan, in Douglas Jerrold s evergreen! nautical drama of "Black-eyed Susan,'] her name will ever be associated wit] the late T. P. Cooke. She made her fin appearance in London in 1831, and soma snort rimo before the veteran Cooke's death appeared with him in several nautical drama at the Standard Theatre in Shoreditch. Shd married her second husband, Mr. Morton some years back, sines which time she hai never appeared upon the stage. After mon than a year of acute suffering, she died ont' 4th January last, at the age of 6L CALL BOY. 