TEE ISTBER - UHTVER8ITY HATCHES. TO l'HE EDITOB OF THE ACSTBA&A9IUT.; Sir.-I am astonished to find that very many persons, who ought to know better, are under the impression that the forthcoming rowing and cricket matches between mem bers of the Universities of Sydney and tf ei> bourne are intercolonial contests. I am verytenaciooa of the honour of my colony, and as I look upon it as certain that the Sydney men must be defeated, 1 must object to any great importance being attaches to the victory for the representatives of Sydney Alma Mater are far from even second-rate form. Mr. Teece was no doubt actuated by the very best motives in proposing the institution, of these friendly matches, but I think he should have made himself better acquainted with the real merits of his fellow students before throwing down the gauntlet to a Uni versity possessing so many fine cricketers and oarsmen as Melbourne does. No doubt there are two or three good cricketers coming from Sydney, but the tail end of the team is very very so so. With your permission, I will give your readers an idea of what the Sydney men are like.. Mr. Coatee, of course, is a first-class all-round player, and the gigantic "Monty" Faithful is a good bowler, though a most indifferent bat. E. Iceton is also a nice player, but he has not had any practice for a long time. Teece shuts his eyes and trusts to Providence, which beneficially permits him occasionally to rise above second- eleven form. But wae's me when I think of the " fag-end" of the team. Except perhaps (i. Iceton, the whole of them are not worth 20 tuns against ordinary bowling. I was amused at reading the " remarks from the pen of a competent judge" in your last number. Some of the gentlemen who are so flatteringly mentioned will, I fancy, feel something like the poor Irishwoman who had a grievance against a "proctor," but didn't know the alarming extent of it tQl "Coun sellor" O'Connell began to plead her cause. Now look at the formidable array of names that Melbourne will send into the field-Don. Campbell, the irrepressible "Dan, "Goldsmith, and Eggleston, all of whom, if I mistake not. have played in intercolonial matches. Then you have Dave Wilkie, M'Pherson, A'Beckett, &c.;, all fine players. What chance can the poor " Welshmen" have against such opponents ? unless indeed Fitzhardinge with the wonderful break and shy should happen to be "on," an event which happens say once in two years. What glory in defeating such a lot? Now for the rowers. You give the list thus -'T. Iceton I, Teece 2, Yeomans 3, Fits hardinge, stroke. Shades of departed water* men protect us ! £ hope you will have a few life-buoys on the river, for they will certainly row their boat in two. Let me tell you what tbry ate like. Iceton, the mathematical definition of a straight line, commenced his aquatic career about five months ago, when the Sydney Rowing Club was inaugurated; he has neither style nor stamina. Teece also took an oar in his hand for the first time a short time since. He is country-bred, and never saw a boat I believe till he came to the 'Varsity. He possesses all the elements necessary to make a good oarsmen, but he began too late in life. A man can't learn to row at the age of 26 or 27 and perfect himself in a few mouths. As of poets, so of oarsmun, naecitur, nonfit. He is a great gymnast, and this in my opinion is all against his ever being first clafrs with an oar ; such men invariably rely too much upon their treasured biceps. Yeomans is at best a second-rater. He has . won one or two pair-oar prizes at small re gattas, but most of the credit of these victories is due to his companion Mr. Oatley. There QUI be no mistake about G. H. Fitzhatdiuge.'H£is crime rfe la crime, a man who can row from end to end of any course, at any pace, and'the harder the fight the better he lifaw it He hasn't a particularly engaging style, but he possesses what is better, great judgment, in domitable pluck, and noend of lasting power -in fact, a true specimen of one of our Fort Jackson boys. Unfortunately, however, "one swallow doesn't make a summerand however good "Fitz" may be. his "mates" are too bad to have a show. Renforth him self with such a trio behind him couldn't possibly get within "cooey" of Mr. Hope's very neat crew. How can such an " omnium gatberum" lot have the ghost of. a chance against a crew that has been working to gether for years, and beaten almost every tour on your river ? All I can say is, that if the Sydney men are anywhere near at the finish, you* best com bination four would have but a poor chance against the best S.R.C. crew. I am sorry to have troubled you at such, length, but I could not refrain from attempt ing to thow that either in the cricket-field or on the water the representatives of Sydhey Alma Mata are but very indifferent speci mens of either ourcricketers or rowing men* A. victory over snch wretched performers ia. 6born of bait its glory. -Yours, sc. N. S. W. Dec. 12. F.S -Since anting tbe above 1 leara that Mr. Fitzhardin^w cannot come down. It ib tmuecessary to say that his absence ex tinguishes all interest in the rowing match. 