SucA of pur:rea?ders as we did not weary by opfr !eniarks on Saturday will perhaps go with us: in the few observations we have to make ot thtbat great meeting ofour friends in London ofitheo 26th of October, at which Mr. Argus Wboa tpnpler~a himself so unenviably con spiecpous.. We have vivid recollections of the tone.doptedby that gentleman in his public writings some twenty years ago, and therefore ev?eitience the greater difficulty inrecognising him now in his new character. In a season ogegneral activity almost unexampled in *,oqlolapnale no man in Melbourne worked harder .than he did, and he was no doubt thinking of himself when he spoke of those who'" had done: their full share of life's labour in'thd colonies, and needed repose." Nd 9ne grudges it to him, and it would perhaps be quite gs well f r, our interests and hbs.reputation if he would take it. We have. certainly, no reason to feel dis pleased that retired colonists in Englanld should feel an interest in the colonies, and ae upon that feeling; and, if one could only be convinced that it was really our interests tliatthey ad at heart, and that they were not actuated mainly by a fussy desire to assert their own importance, gratitude would be inore becoming on our part than captious critiism. 'Bdt it is impossible to escape the conviction that our friends at home rather use ut for the giatification of their own vanity, and with a view of acquiring for themselves. a status in political society in England, than that, with singleness of pur pose, they are devoting themselves to the cause, they so ostentatiously advocate. If th'ey ,did a little more and talked a little less, we should think better of them-always sup posing of ebutse' that their deeds were such as cohild bh rqgarded with'approval. 'hthre w?assomer sound sense talked at the meeting over which Sir GEORGE GREY pre sided on the 26thof October, and it is quite possible that'the discussion which then took plhie may be ittended with some good results, especially ~s kegards New Zealand, although the: ostensible object for which the meeting was held will certainly not be attained. It is 'clear that the proposed colonial conference in ;fibndon will never meet. This indeed is as pdrtain as that, if it did meet, it would accomplish nothing of importance: its dise cussions might possibly be as discursive and barreu as that which took place at the West migster meeting in October, during the course ofivhich, although, aswehave said, thespeakers did not all talk nonsense, yet very little was advanced of a nature calculated to produce a favourable impression either on the British public or the Government, or to further in any way the object for which the meeting was professedly iconvened. Mr. VEanoN, the representative of Vic toria, and apparently the only person preseunt who was in a position to speak with anything like authority, was also one of those that spoke in a sensible and practical manner. It was not very flattering, perhaps, to the gentlemen composing the meeting to tell them that they did not know what they wanted; but it was true, and expedient to be told. Their one great object appeared to be to make as much fuss as possible, and pass themselves off as great men. Another speaker, Mr. RaE, also twits the meeting on the same ground as that taken by Mr. VEaDoN. When it was sug gested that a deputation should wait on the Prime Minister, Mr. RAE slily remarked that, before taking such a step, it would perhaps be just as well for them to make up their minds as to what they were going ;to ask. It was this lamentable lack of even the very ghost of a notion of what they would be at that gave such an air of absurdity to the whole proceedingls. One would have thought that a few of the leading spirits might have co.nsulted beflirehsnd and arranged a pro gramme for discussion, but it would seem that there were none among them capable of determining on the adoption of anny particular course. The mneetin therefire perhaps acted wirely in al)poiutmig a committee to obtain inforimantion. They did not confine themselves, however, to the aplpoinitment of a cotmmittee, but re solved furtther " that a series of public meet ings should be held to showe that the policy pursued towards New Zealand will tend to the dismemlberment of the British empire." We do not exactly see that the fact of holding public meetings could slhow anything of the kind, but perhaps the meaning is that the speakers at tihe meetings should endeavour to prove it. But, even supposing it to he proved, two other things also would need to be estab lished-first, that such dismemberment of the empire would be an evil; and, second, that there is an analoly between the circumstances of New Zealand and those of the coloniesgene rally. As regards the first, we certainly for our own part endorse the opinion that dismember menit would he an evil, and a great oue-but othersmt hink differently; and, with respectto the second, looking at the ease of New Zealand as one entirely sui generis and exceptional, we Ihardly think it is calculated to excite in the other colonies on their own account any very serious alarm.. None of them are likely ever to make such serious demands on tlhe assistance of Great Britain as ihe has done, and none, therefore, are likely to be similarly treated. If all this fuss were being made at home now specially in the interest of New Zealand, we could understand it, and make allowam:ce for the agitators, but we find it impossible to discern in current events any symptom calculated to give rise to uneasiness in the minds of colonists generally, or. that would render necessary or desirable the assembling of a "Colonial Conference." 