ORDINATION SERVICE AT THE CON- GREGATIONAL CHURCH. I IT will bo m tho lecollection of many of our readers thut ubout eight months ago the Rev T Jenkyn piocecded to Rockhampton, undei tho auspices of the Queensland Contregntiomil Bu«h Missionary Socictj, to take tho oversight of the Congregational Church in that town , and il-o to un lett ike an extensive visitation of the dis tuet ltnnedioteh surrounding it, a» well as a pcrtodi ii ministration to tho settlers rending m tho mt rraedinto distuct between Foekhnmpton and ti ( Peak Down« and, if practicable a «till wider field At that time it was coniideiith e\pected tint a colleague to a« ist htm in this work would bo «ent from Fnglund, but «ome mouth« having olnpsed without tin« expectation bein? fulfilled, application wa* in ide to Svdnev and Al bonnie, in hope of obta mug help from that qurtci Tins application has been «uc ce-«fel and on lucednv eveniutr Mncli20 Mr i B Schofield, who his completed a five veais* I cour«o of «tudv at Melbourne, wai publicly | ordained in the Wharf «trcct Congregational ( Church Brisbane, to the work of th mm «trv, and will linmediiteh proceed to Rockliu npton I to commence hi« laboro ' There was a large attendance at the church to vvitne s tin« mtere ting «eiviee Hu« was I comm ecd with tinging, after which tho Rev j J C luMir, of Dalbv, reid poition- of feenp ture, which he explained had been «chute with a v cvv to «how the warrantrv of Holy scripture for tue proceedings of that evening, uud then ho offered p-ayer TI e 1 »i Mr SATACÏF, of South Bn-bine then gave an interesting nccoun* of the origin of tbi- be li mi «ion, and di-cnbei the ficht of labor Thi-, at first, will be principal!} m the distr ct between Rockhampton Clermont, and Copperfield, the Rev Mr Jenkyn and Mr Schofield alternately reuilining in town, vvlulo the other will take a two or three months' tour, calline; at every bou«o, and ho'ding services whereve- lt'niav be practicable Air Savage, in the course of his reinaik«, alluded to the great destitution of «euler* in the bu«h with respect to religious ordinance , «tuting that while n the towns there wa« one clergyman for about every 600 per on«, thire were nearly 50 000 peop e m the out hing district« for whom nothing was provulea The Lev E GMFHTII then put the usual questions to the tai didate for ordination, and the replies which were elicited fro-n bim were very «utt«factorj I ( Mr. SCHOFIELD gave the mo-t rbuudunt proof of the eti-intere-tednes3 with which he had con- sented to undertake the work of a munster ; spoke of the inlluence which a well ordeied home ci d Chn«tian parents had thrown around his earl} lue, nlluded in the mo-t feeling manner to the faithful counsel« of a devoted minister, by whose advice he li id been per- suaded to become a -tudent tor the inini-trv, and concluded witu a very clear, intelligible, and scriptural statement in reference to his doctrinal views, ord the manner in which he proposed to exercise the office to which he felt he had i een called by a higher authority than any which man can give. The ordination prayer was then offered by the Rev. WILLIAM DBAPEB, of Goodna. This was accompanied with the interposition of hands bj all the minutéis The Rev. E. GBIFFITH then delivered the charge to the newly-oidamed munster, ground- ing hi- remarks upon the fourth chapter of the Second Epistle to Iimothj, verse 2 -"Preaeh the word, be instant in season, out of «ea«on, reprove, rebuke, exhort with ull long suffering, and doctnre " It is impo »îble even to give an epitome of the excellent di-course which was preached upon tni« suitable text. lhe revereno gentleman, ut the outset, «nid "they were not met this evening to appoint to the mim«trv ¡ this niu«t come from God." He alluded to the probubih'v that m the di*thargo of hie duties Mr. Schofield might feel dis- couraged by the «mall numbers to whom he might be called to preach, bu' he reminded Lim that one of the most succes«ful of Christ's effort« was that which was dnected to the in«truction of only one person, the woman nt the well of Samaria lhe joung minister wa«dincted to preach the word itself; to quote largely from Scripture exacth the very letter of the word , lo let his preaching be sua turned bi his hie, speaking the tiuth out of the fulniss of his blurt. Ihen the exhortation wns given to pieuch earnestly, as Paul, Peter, and the rest of the upottle«. How to do this formed the second part of the discourse. In some verj practical remarks Mr. Griffith impressed on his young brother tho necessity of holding up Chrt't us the Word of God ; to proclaim His divinity, salvation,justification, and redemption tluough Him alone , His eteuntj and inimuta bihtj.and the neteetitv for the application of the truth by the Holy Ghost The cbaige waa concluded with an eurucBt nppeul to Mr. Stho field to be faithful in tho dischargo of thissaeicd work, and to reat entirely on tho Divine pi omiee, thut success will surely follow all such labor. Tho service was concluded with singiug und the benediction. We aro quite sure Mint the Rev. Mr. Schofield will enter upon his work with the hearty sympnthj of ull who know how neces- sary Buch work is in Queensland, and wc sinccicly wish that ho mo} tnjoj much und long-con- tinued heulth, anti great BUCIC«3. 