EXECUTION OF ARCHIBALD, At 8 o'clock on the morning of December 22 the last sentence of the law was carried out on Alexander Archibald in Rockbampton gaol. Ahout a quarter before 8, the prison bell began to toll, and tbe mournful procession moved from tbe condemned cell to the enclosure where the scaffold stood. A considerable numberof persons — about 100 — had assembled to witness tbe execution. Thn condemned man walked into the enclosure firmly and calmly, his eyes wandering over the familiar faces gathered round the scaffold. Tbere was a look of resignation on his features free from any bravado, and his demeanuur throughout was that of one who submitted calmly to his fate, and was prepared to acceptit with fortitude and Christian resignation. The Rev. Mr. Carson walked beside tbe prisoner, reading (he funeral service. Behind came the Rev. Mr. Jenkyn and the Rev. Mr. Hartley, and the gaol officials. Archibald was dressed in a dark tweed suit, Crimean sbitt, and no necktie or collar, and wore a pair of prison shoes. He looked, but little worn down by his long con finemehtand the mental .anxiety he must have suffered. He carried a bunch of flowers in his right hand. Under the scaffold lay his coffin. Arrived at the. foot of tl; scaffold, tbe concluding prayers of -the funeral service were recited ; Archibald and the officiating clergymen remaining standing according to the nsage of the Presbyterian Church, to which be claimed to belong. Archibald's eyes, during the recital of the service, wandered restlessly over the faces of the crowd, and he seemed to pay but little atfeeution to the words of the clergymen. _The confomjiXd man then knelt down with the attendant clergymen, and delivered -^^o^^iipoiata'' prayer. During its .delivery,, a constant,, knocking; st the outer gats .was followed by the: measured tread of the volunteers through 'the corridor of the entrrnce; and, about sixteen members of the force .entered the enclosure under the command of sergeant Herley and drew up at the left hand side of the scaffold, the orders being given in a loud voice, and tbe necessary aneuvres being executed with a , seeming * indifference to the solemn scene being enacted at the foot of the scaffold— the rattling of arms falling discordantly on the last words of prayer from the dying man. The police, under the command of sub-inspector Elliott, were drawn up on the right of tbe scaffold. Archibald prayed in a clear, piercing tone of voice, and all wbo beard him were sensibly affected. Ho said, ' O Lord God ! 1 thank you who hast permitted me to live for twenty-eight years—, the greater portion of which I have spent in sin and misery — and 1 thank Tbee that Thou hast given me a few weeks for repentence— tj read Thy blessed word, and for Thy worship. O Lord, Thou hast shown Thyself to me a God of help — of strength — and of comfort. I oare as little for that coffin before me as for my bed. I thank Thee, O Lord, for the dis charge yon hava given me ; and I hope it may strike terror throughout the world. I have been led blindfolded (f pinioned) tothegallows; O God, look down and pity me. I thank Thee for my clearance from these dreadful irons this morning; I give myself op to Tbee as a living sacrifice, and pray that I may be made wholly acceptable to Thee. Hear my prayer, 0 Lord ! God bless my wife and children direct and protect them ; O God, bless them. 1 pray for my enemies, if I have any, and for those who may have committed perjury and may have given false evidence against me, if they did, I ask pardon for them ; I do not curse them— any of them — I bless them in. my heart ; and I repent deeply for all that I have dune, and I trust that they will be as freely forgiven as I forgive them. ,O Lord, I thank Thee I have not an enemy to face ; ob, I hope to see all my old friends and relations in Heaven. An old friend of rr ine was shown by me tbe other day a likeness of my Saviour, and in a few minutes I shall see my Saviour in reality. O God, have mercy on me, for my Saviour Christ's sake. Amen, amen.' The last amen was dwelt upon with great fervency and apparent feeling. The Rev. Mr. Jenkyn then offered up a brief and earnest prayer. The Rev. Mr. Hartley also offered up a prayer. During this time the hangman ura* ?fanifinrr linear tY\a rn4:al tiAtim mnA ?ilantiir waiting his victim. Archibald having com pleted his prayer, expressed a desire to place tbe flowers he held in his hand in his. coffin. His request was complied with, and he walked over from the foot of the drop to the further end, under the drop where the coffin lay. The! lid was lifted by one of the gaol officers, and with his pinioned arms Archibald placed the flowers where his head was so soon to lie. He appeared pleased that his wish in this respect was complied with, and walked back firmly to the foot of the steps. He mounted them with a steady tread, proceeded by the Rev. Mr. Carson aud attended by the two other ministers, and the gaol officials. As he went up he said — ' Thanks be to God I am climb ing to Heaven.' On teaching the platform he was placed beneath the beim by the executioner, and the rope was quickly adjusted round his neck. Before the cap was drawn over his eyes, Archibald advanced to the front mil of tbe platform and said—' Dear friends, I wish to say a few k'nd words to you before my departure from this wicked world. I hope my end will be a dreadful warning, not only to you who hear me, but the whole world. I will say nothing about my trial. I bless my countrymen who found me guilty, end the judge also, and bless his soul, and God abide with him, and long may h« live to administer justice and mercy. I trust that those who have committed wilful perjury against me, if they have done so, that the Lord will forgive them I have prayed for them late and early, aud I want to show you that (here is a great desl of difference between me and a roan who has animal courage for to commit a murder. A man who bas animal courage *ould be able to walk up and meet hit doom ; but I went to show that the strength I have is got from above — from the Almighty It was not from any outward boast tbat*ny blackguard might make that I died game ; God forgive me and save me from having a boast being made by any blackguard that I died like a manor died like a cur. I thank God it is better than that, and I believe I meet my death as a Christian. I trust that you will all meet me in Heaven. I am an uneducated man, and in a very painful position. I cannot address you in fine lan guage—only such as I have got. I trust what I say will bo accepted by the whole of you. I trust that all of you, and young men particularly, will keep away from drink, bad company, and racehorses. I trust that a few old trieDds that I see amongst those around me will give up those things, and may become better men. God blow you alL. I pray for you all, and my last word ii that God may make you better, and that when your time comes you will die with a smile on your lips as I can. I wish you a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. I !eel that I am going to have mine with the Saviour in joy. Farewell! farewell!' * The cap was then drawn over his face, and he was placed beneath the beam. He then Mid ' All right, good-bje, father,' addressing a man named Davis in the crowd, whom he wag accustomed to call by le name of fatnw ; and turning his head aside, Baid, 'I wnnt to say good-bye to Mr. Hartley.'- JJe then shook bands with Mr. Hartley and, Mr. Jenkyn. The Rev. Mr. Carson then prayed— 'Into thy merciful hands, O Lord! we commend the eoul of thy servant bow about .to be severed from the body. Receive him, we humbly beeeeoh Thee, O God! into the arms of Thy mercy. Let not his faith waver nor his hope fail. Let him die in jjeace — rest in hope— and rhe in glory.' Then taking Archibald by the hand, 'he eaid: — 'Dear Brother,— God, the-Father, who hath created thee; God, the Son, who hath redeemed thee ; God, the Holy Ghost, who bath infused His grace into thee —be now and for ever more thy defence — assist thee in this thy lest trial, and bring thee to ever lasting life! Amen ! ' His left hand was tightly clenched. After the prayer, he shook hands .with Mr. Carson, and stood silent a moment. In a voice full of amotion, he theu said, ' The Lord have mercy on me ;' and, addressing the crowd, he eaid, ** Let me hear you say one word for me-— let me hear you Bay the Lord have mercy on my poor eouL' From put, the crowd there oame one unani mous response, and as the words, ' The Lord have mercy on your soul,' fell on his hoar, he said in a hopeful voice, ' Thanks be to the Great God— now I die happy.' He then began' another prayer— ' Oh1, let your hearts be in Heaven. Ohi merciful God! Thou who art willing to receive .' At this moment the bolt war drawn, and the soul . of Alexander Archibald was launched fntb eternity. He appeared to suffer -no pain, death'beinjg almost instantaneous. ' There Was no contraction of .the lower limbs, and the body after swaying about from left to right for a few -seconds, rested with the face to the walL Archibald's guilty life was over, and the last of Halligan's murderers had gone to his account. The body after hanging tor half an hour was then cut-down ? the face, on being i uncovered, appearing calm and peaceful — one of. the eyes was closed, the other partially opened. The tongue protuded slightly from the mouth. The body was then placed in the coffin, and a post mortem ex amination was held by Dr. Salmond, assisted by Drs. Thou and McN«eiy. The sudden drawing of the bolt seemed to have surprised Archibald, and when he felt the drop going down he drew himself up with a startled movement. The irons were first placed upon the prisoner nine weeks ago yesterday. After being sentenced, fears were entertained for several days that he contemplated starving himself to death! 'But it subsequently appeared that these fears were groundless. Archibald told Mr*. Hartley that he had no such intention, but that the sentence produced eo deep and depressing an effect on him as to deprive Lira of all appetite. Seven weeks ago Archibald was unable to read. He had learnt the beneficial effects of the religious ministrations offered by the gentlemen attending Palmer and Williams, and he was induced to listen more willingly to their exhortations. Since then he tried hard to learn to read, and was enabled at last to read a chapter in the Bible. - During the first weeks of his confine ment he appeared to shrink with horror from the eight of the gallows during his hours of exercise in the prison yard. Ho afterwards became reeonoiled to the sight, and within the last few days eeemod to long far -the hist hour to come. Of late bis wife had visited him ev«ry day, and prayed with him. He seemed anxious that she should join her prayers with his. It is needless to remark that she met his desira in this raspeofc. Mr. Carson attended him daring Tuesday forenoon, aud his wife -visited him early in the afternoon. She left him about half? past 4 o'clock ¥ov the last time on earth. The parting between them was very affecting. Shortly after, Mr. Jenkyn and Mr. Hartley were in atten danoe. They left about half-past 6 o'clock, and Mr. Carson remained with him for about another hour- Mr. hartley and Mr. Jenkyn returned about 10 o'clock and remained in the condemned cell until about l^olock in the morning. Archibald expressed a desire to remain up all night, but was persuaded to take some rest. He slept until about half-past 4 o'clock, and Messrs. Hartlyand Jenkyn were again with him at 5 o'clock, from which time until abont ft -quarter-past. 7 they read and prayed with- him, and 6ung the well known hymn—' There is a land of pure delight,' when the Rev. Mr. Carson arrived, and .was engaged with him until tbe irons were knocked off. During this operation Archibald appeared quite resigned to his fate. He expressed himself ai rery grateful to all the gaol offioiale, especially to Mr. Donnelly for the kindness shown him during his confinement. The body was removed for jnterment to the cemetery .yesterday forenoon. The funeral was numerously attended, the ministers who had attended him in his last moments officiating on tbe occasion. Alexander Archibald was a native of .Porfarshire, in Scotland, from whence he oame in 1851 to New Zealand when he was ten years of age j moved after a time to CastlemBine, then to Gippsland, then to Melbourne and Beechworth, and next to Thule station on the Murray, in New South WaleB; then to Bendigo, where he got married in 1862; moved to Dunedin, in New Zealand, in 1863, and came to Rookhatnpton in March, 1864. We understand that Archibald told a person here, falsely as it seems, that he was in South Australia before he came to Rockhampton, and that he came up here because whilst a youngster he had committed an assault on a policeman on a racecourse in South Australia, and fled to avoid ' ttie consequences. Since he arrived here he has been engaged in horse dealing, and at every race meeting he has been a prominent and noiisy figure. About the end of last year he took the Lion Creek Hotel, and it was there that the plan was matured which resulted in in Halligan'a murder— aud his' own death on the gallows. The Rockhampton Bulletin of the following day has the following :— ' : Mr. Jenkyn states that on two occasions Archibald told him he did intend to starve himself. Mr., Hartley admits the correction. After being ironed' ho resolved to starve himself, and abstained from' food for some three days. The doctor was informed) of this, and from the conversation which followed between him and the gaol authorities, in Archibald's hearing, he concluded that force would be used to make him take food. He in consequence abandoned' ths determination, and he ate his' meals regularly until the day of his execution. He told Mir. Jenkyn ? ' twice that he -would do anything then to .put an end to himseii, but subsequently that if lie had . (ixtaiii razors lie would do himself no harm. Tbe Pujv. Mr. Hartley has received ihe following ?oinmimioe.tion from Thmcdin, inVreferpnce to the Um Jchn ^Tsiliauu who iufferecFwith Palmer fo his share in the murder:— In conversations with Williams, Mr, Hartlej had pftep tried to, obtain some clue to his antecedents, with a view of touching on any point that might' aidHftnvin producing a good' effect tm William's mind. On one occasion when he so -.strongly, asserted; his .innocence, and declared that there had never been a eorateh of a pen agamit his name that jcould^ringliim into a police court] Mr. H%rtley asked him if -e' could give him the names of any persons who' baiiiijown him, and could testify toiiis good obaraoter. Then he furnished the tjarna of Mr. Muir, and the follow ing communication is in reply to a letter addressed to him by Mr. Hartley: ' Dunerliii, November 22nd, 1869, The Rev. Robert Hartley, Rock hampton, Queensland. Bev. Sir, — Tour note of the 27th ultimo has taken roe completely by surprise — that my friend Jack Williams should be lying under sentence of death is to me very 6ad news indeed, the more especially as I do not believe him .to be oapabie of doing such an action. You will see by the accompanying testimonial in what respect he was held by us. I could have got three other signatures to it, but they are all scattered to different places. Trusting that this may be of use to the poor fellow, T remain.Rev. Sir, your obedient servant, James Muih. P.S.— Would you kindly communicate to me hie fate, and if the extreme penalty, -of the law has been carried, out, what state of mind he, was in. J.M.' — 'Dunedin, Otago, New Zealand, .November 23rd, 1869. We, the undersigned, have much pleasure in' -testifying to the excellent character borne by John Williams. We knew him as a miner at Gabriel's G-ullv, in 1861 1 he wrought bb a wages man for Mr. James Morrison there, and a kinder hearted, good disposed man it was rarely our good fortune to meet. He was steady, obliging, and civil. We are very sorry to hear of his unfortunate position, and trust that thiB certificate may be the means of at least saving his life. Jambs Mvm, James Moeeison, John Leslie, Andruw Lindsay. — I may further state that I knew him up till 1865, when I lost eight of him in' the Hokitika rush. James MtriR.' ' Signed and declared before me this 23rd of No vember, 1869. Donald Reid, J.F., one of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the colony of New Zealand.' — Rochhampton Bulletin, December 23; 1869. 