gi* feints*rom pelfttfuvn* gtmcfr. BISECTIONS FOB MAKING A WILL.—A will cannot be made in language too simple or concise. If therefore you have nothing to leave, don't do it, but console yourself with the fact that having naught to leave does not make you a naughty man. Shouldyou have anything to leave, pay due attention to the plant and "do -write;" remember that where there is a will there is a way, and the ways of wills should weigh heavily en the mind. Property is divided under two heads—real and personal. Real property consists of land, houses, investments, &c.;—but the earth in the flowerpots cannot be considered as land, nor the houses your infant plays with the same as bricks and mortar, nor the investments in burst-up mines valuable. Personal property may consist of old boots, wornout ideas, and bad habits; these had better bs left alone. Personal property may be real as the hair on your head; but if you wear a wfg, calling it real property is a false idea. Marriage, after making a will, renders it void; for as a natural consequence, after a man marries he has no will of his own. Should any further information be required, consult a willing solicitor. UNSUITABLE FOB JEWELLERY. —The "jet" of water. DIAMOND WEIGHT.—16 parts, 1 grain—but howmany parts of our legislative administration fail to show one single grain of common sense; it's against the grain. 14 grains, I carat—this does not please housekeepers; they object to the carrot being so small. THE CONVIVIAL QUESTION.—If the United Kingdom Alliance could succeed in destroying the liquor trade, they would destroy intellectual society. How Ion? could even the clevere3t men endure each other's conversation if they had no wine to sit and talk over? CONS. When is a reef sure to be a paying one When it's auriferous (a reef for us). What river resembles a hen-pecked husband?— The Jordan (jaw'd 'un). What stable is best for the morning?—The breakfast (s)table. When is a drunkard at warm work?—When he's (s)wetting (sweating). When is a baby not a baby ?—When it's a-bed. IF HE LIKES.—A friend of ours, lately returned from Tasmania, says he is weary o£ seeing pretty girls. He wants to know if the sensation may be called tassitude. CON. BT THE CITY SURVEYOR. — Who invented wooden pavements.'—Eoad boardi of course. PEACE- WOEK,— If a tailor robs you of your cloth, it would be unwise to have him bDund over to kee^the peace. Would it not? A GIIOST THAT OUGHT TO BE LAID. (Dedicated to the Mayor and Council of Melbourne.) With the ero^-n of Miasma, it spreadeth Its wings like a spectre supreme, Tis the Demon of Ora n and of Alley, And its face is a horrible dream. The breath of its nostrils is fever. With Sicknees 'tis darkly arrayed. Its presence is sapping our lifesprings— The Ghost that ought to be laid. The dwellers iu city and suburb Are pale from its poisonous breath; : It looms over beautiful Melbourne, A terrible herald q{ Death, I But where is our wise City Council? Does it sleep.' is it blind ? or afraid To lay with its pestilent minions The Ghost that ought to be laid? Lo, its wings are the leaden-hued Tynhus, And Choitera livid aud black; Like the shadow that passed over Egvpt, It floats with the dead on its track." Its story means human bereavement, And sorrow that cannot be stayed; But they that have power, they lay not The Ghost that ougfit to be laid. How long will the city be burdened With this incubus? Councillors, say. IsPiague to b? suffered io wither The youth in us day after day ? Go, shake ofi' your apathy, masters 1 Tis time that the effort was made To drive from our streets and our thresholds The Ghost that ought to be laid. THE POWEB OP A WORD. — Wendell Philips, in one of his speeches, gives the following striking illustration of the influence which may be exerted by a few words spoken with the earnestness of love:—A mother, on the green hills of Vermont was holding by the right hand a son, sixteen years old, mad with love of the sea. And as he stood by the garden gate one morning, she 6sid, "Edward, they tell me—for I never saw the ocean — that the great temptation of a seaman's life is drink. Promise me, before you quit jour mother's hand, that you will never drink." "And," said he (for he told me the story*, "I have the promise, and I went the globe over; Calcutta and t he Mediteranean, San Francisco and the Cape of Good Hope, the North Pole and the South. I saw them all in forty yearo, and I never saw a glass filled with sparkling liquor that my mother's form by the gate did not rise before me, and tc-day I am innocent of the taste of liquor." Was not that sweet evidence of the power of a single word I Yet that is not half. "Pm*- 7 * SNIIL BP. 1 VR-YI PRILNV PNIYIA ~ once brought urunk into your presence on shipboard; you were a passenger; they kicked me aside; you took me to your berth and kept Hie there till I had slept off the intoxication; you then asked me if I had a mother. I said 1 had never known a word from her lins. You told me of yours at the gaiden gate; ana to- day I am master of one of the packets at New York; and I came to ask you to come and see me.' " How far that little candle throws its beams! Tliat mother's word in the green bills of Vermont: Oh! Goi be thanked fo i he mighty power of a single word. TWENTY MARRIAGE MAXIMS. — The following " marriage maxims" are worthy of more than a hasty reading. Husbands need not pass them by for they are designed for wives; and wives should not despise them for they are addteseed to husbands :— The very nearest approach to domestic happiness on earth is in the cultivation on both sides of absolute unselfishness; Never talk at one another either alone or iu company; Never both be anery at once; Never speak loud to one another—unless the house is on fire; Let each one strive to yield oltenest to the wishes of the other; Let self-denial be the Gaily aim and practice of each; Never find fault, unless it is perfectly certain that a fault has been committed, and always speak lovingly; Never taunt with a past mistake; Neglect the whole world beside rather than one another; Never allow a request to be repeated; Never make a reinai k at the expense of the other, it is a meanness; Never part for a day without loving words to think of during absence; Never meet without a loving welcome; Never let the sun go down upon any anger or grievance; Never let any fault you have committed go by until you have frankly confessed it and asked forgiveness; Never forget the happy hours of early love; Never sigh over what might have been, but make the best of what is; •Never forget that marriage is ordained of God, aud that his blessing alone can make it what it should ever be; Never be contented till you know you are both walking in .the narrow way; Never let your hopes stop' short of the eternal home. —Tuc Coiiagci- and Artisan. SCUXPTOB. OR CARPENTER.—Mr. POWERSJ the American sculptor, is said to have received a visit one day from a person who wished to know how much a year he made by "sculpting," and who, obtaining a satisfactory reply, explained that be had been in doubt whether to make his son a sculptor or a carpenter, adding that he had now determined to " team him to sculpt." But it is not necessary to go all the way to America in search of those who believe that "sculpting" is a mere mechanical pursuit within the reach of any one who likes to take the trouble of acquiring it Of this we have sufficient proof in the following advertisement, which we copy word for word from the Times: — " To Sculptors, &c.; — Wanted to apprentice a youth (indoors), who has just left Echool, to the above or some light manufacturing business, where he will have a comfortable home and a good opportunity of learning the business.— Apply by letter only, with full particulars, amount of premium, &c.;" Academicians and others whom this advertisement may tempt will find it near the eud of the tliird column of the third page of the Times of Wednesday last.—Pall Mali Gazette The San Francisco News Letter gives the following in reply to a correspondent:—" YouDg Mother.—Your little poem upon "Baby" is a gem, and we regret that we have not space for so expnJHte a tit- bit. If you have a fault it is the tiifling one, common to all young writers, of sacrificing melody to hard sense. The third stanza is a striking instance— •Doxery doodle-um dinkle-um dum, Turn to its mozzery muzzery mum: Tizzeiy izzeiy boozery boo. No baby so sweet and so pitty as oo.' Two wags were speaking about the fancy dreEBBB they intended wearing at a forthcoming ball. Oh," said a comic, "I shall go dissuised in liquor." "DonV'.was the immediatTreply, every one will recognise you." 