[?] THE DR IMA AND THE THEATRE ! No. IV. ' (To the Editor of the Protedant Standard.) Respected Passengers, — The Captain of-xhe good -ship Protestant Standard kindly permitted me to pilot you round the islands of the Drama arid Theatre. In taking the, wheel for that purpose, he neither requested me to steer in this or that direction, or to avoid any particular port. 1 I believe, however, that he secretly hoped I would not run the ship against a rook, — would not run in the same track as the Papal tug Freeman , — would not follow the example of the theatrical pilots of " Granny," and her brandy-inspired rival. I think I have managed to do this ; —for, in the first place, unlike the Papal tug alluded to, I had 'no fellow-passenger on board in the shape of a priest, to for- .give any little mistake I might make, and to grant an indulgence to make another on the understanding that its for giveness would cost, say — two-and-four- pence ; for that and many .more weightier reasons I keDt out of the tracks of the Freeman. In the second, place, unlike " Granny's " love' for, popularity, I was not chained to the expedience of ventur ing into unwarrantable latitudes ; . for that and other reasons I did riot treat my fellow-passengers to a. trip into those waters where, mermaiden songs, in glorifi cation of dramatic sensationalism, tinkle the ear and tickle the fancy. In the third place, unlike the " slaoer '"- (whose crew consider themselves in Egyptian bondage) — I was not necessitated to sell my own notions of right in order to eke out an existence ; for tliis. and other reasons I did. not indulge you with an alcoholic in spired excursion through the waters of " Anything for Soiriething." And with regard to the little wonder of a. yacht which we see monthly— (whose captain was at one time himself what he now publicly styles in another, "a mere com positor " — what consideration !)— it would be impossible to follow her round a sub ject into which she has scarcely ventured. Her captain, however, is famed for adven ture. With the avowed object of finding "the truth," be ransacks creation. Clever fellow ! The waters of Unitari- anism are too narrow for him; he sails through oceans of Materialism — through seas of other Isms, and, with a subtlety which would do credit to the great De Quincey in his opium reveries, r.ot only sees things in a light that calls for "more light," but incarnates them with the plastic genius of a literary artist. In these expeditions he makes great discoveries. The last discovery he made was, ;to use his own. words, that " Infi- delity . and ; Unbelief ", ,are; " tho qtwin, pillars of salvation.-' „ Whoihut; a Piilars( could make this discovery :?' Who; but !a man, looking 'by the light of alairijy 'that calledfor more' lighi ; cjiuld 'she, things, m clearly ? bvercomef ,l>y,'; tlie ',grand.i4is-' covery he makes, by the lamp ' that literally calls for " More Light," he; invokes the twin-pillars to "seize upon, thb. hear't of Christendom, and .rouse nit to a new and more vigorous life ! " Heaven forbid ! From such a shock Christendom' could ! never recover. It wpuld pe enough to frighten Christendom 1 into pagandom. Such a collision— -or, if you like, seizure," —would shake the very vigour of which 'he speaks out of life. It would' throw the mind off its balance, ; and environ it with such melancholy riddles as the fol lowing: — Whatis man? Is lie not a, question— A. cruel riddle— a puzzling marvel, , Who, looking at himself, wonders to see, A world of problems asking their poor ghost For some solution ,?. Man. is a question. Weeping to know what he himself doth mean. And. failing to understand, doth drag himself Thro', darkness, chaos,, sepulchres, and death, To the interpretations of tP, tombstone:: — A nothingless something— an is 'not that was I Before leaving Pillars, with his twin pillars, lamps, lights, discoveries, mater ialisms, and'Socratisms, I think it not im probable that his Unitarian yacht may indulge ere long iri a cruise round the subject of. the Theatre and the Drama. If it should not, it will not be for lack of an adventurous 'captain, in whose possession is a wonderful lairip, by the rays of whose light, two other pillars may be discovered equally as terrible, if not as ridiculous. But, to the subject, as lecturers say. While, passengers, I have not copied the three contemporaries alluded to, in their windings round these islands, and, there fore, may have so far realised the Cap tain of the " Standard's " hopes, I am afraid, on Jthe other hand, that I have neither given you nor that , gentleman satisfaction. And why ? Because I have frittered away' a good deal of your time in places and on objects which might have been devoted to others of more import. For instance, we stopped too long with my Lord Bishop; but, after all, it is so seldom thab we sit at . this great man's table, that it would look bad to come away just after sitting down with him. His hospitality, too, in giving us biscuits, nuts, and rasins, and especially the unction with which he recited, the . verse from " Hamlet," had a tendency to detain us even though we felt sleepy, and inclined to retire to onr hammocks. We, therefore, waited till after prayers. Perhaps, too, we waited rather long with the clergy, and assumed an over severe tone while arguing with them. Before leaving them, however, we spoke in such a way as to leave behind us a kindly im pression. At least, I hope so.: The circumlocutionary excursion we have taken round this subject brings us to the poiritwe' started frbm. Now, if the captain is agreeable, I airi willing to pilot you round the same subject again. This permission will enable us to 'call in at those ports which we passed in our1 last cruise, and to pass .by those we have already visited. Indeed, we might . sail round this subject ninety-nine times, and then find that there was something in7 tcresting left for the hundredth trip ; for it is like the " inexhaustible bottle " which, to be drained, must .be annihilated. Our next trip will, necessarily; be' a round about one, but I will make the best of the little time I have to spare in intro ducing you into some very attractive bays, ' harbours, and' picturesque inlets wfcich render this subject— (or to adhere to my figure, " these islands")— peculiarly noticeable. It is true that I have not even time to consider our programme like a number of songs sung, after called upon promiscuously, we will look at the: programme of our voyage. after:, we have made it, by looking at the different places we may stop at. I intend, however, to' pilot you into a spot famed for dramatic poets ; and into some other -noted ports we should hajire, visited on our. Jast thl 'wbeks' rip.' We will, defer; onr .eruiwv. however, until our. good ship. is repaired; for she j.s, undergoing some , .alteratibosu .Siie is to he reconstructed and made more compact. . She . will still .fly the, same colours, , -bear the. same name, and . reduce the fare by a half.. Her bulwarks, to<v will have the.well-knowu stripes of orange: arid hlue-rcqlpurs . that , all admire tnifc those pirates who are untrue, to themselyes, unfaithful to, their country, and ; disloyal to their Sovereign. We will , have the same captain, too, who, although in ;fall command of the ship, cannot be expected to work so hard as heretofore. It is ex pected, also, that we will have the same crew, Among whom is your humble , ser vant— (who, by the way, is an ordinary seaman). She will start next Saturday : I have .only one or two more words to say. Pardou me for entertaining you BO long with this roundabout conversation. It was inconvenient for me .to go to sen this week, so I have had to trcat.you with some promises as to what will .be seen when we do venture out. If you take my advice, however, you will measure my present promises by my past performances; — by doing this, you will not . expect m.uch, arid, therefore, may save disap- nnintnient. DAYLIGHT. 