The &rrpa; take its protege tfee new Cbief Secretary thirply to task for vast of diecritni- cation in the selection of trostees for the Public Library. Mr Macpher&oo; is at the same time complimented optm the impar tiality cf bis choice from a political point of Tie. Well and good. Let oe eee what the political u impartiality'' of the Argot it like in the eatne article. Oor contemporary eaye: — " Why should Mr Macphereon once more " tfc met npon a longHnSering people that " dieintereeted patriot Mr Bisdon f Sorely u having obtained all that be labored for in " politice, he might bare been allowed to en- " joy hie enudnmecte in peace." We scarcely know which to condemn the most, the bad logic or the bad taete of the two sentences qcoted. Bad t&Ete; thongfa we rWnlr has it As regards toe logic we would aek what possible connection there can be between Mr Bindon'e " dieintereeted patriotinn" and his literary mid artistic capabilities, which are of the first order, as toe writer in the Argot knowe, bat is not manly enough to ac knowledge Mr Bin don may have deserved some of the hard things written abont him when in Parliament, and Mr MCnOoch in power; bat oatside that sphere be has proved himself toe truest patriot. The first public encoorager of scientific agriculture the almost founder of technological education, an ad mirable writer and no mean speaker npon art, science, and literature, a first-class judge of paintings and statuary, who, if not Judge Bind on, ebonld be a trustee of toe national depositary of the most mind- ennobling of our treasures ? What arrant rubbish to talk of euch a man being " thrust npon a long- snfiering people"! If Mr Hacphecaon were but half so happy in bis Cabinet selections as he has been in this Pablic library ap pointment. he would have little to fear from criticism, or even a dissolution of Parliament The bad taste of the Argot attack npon Judge Bindon needs not to be pointed out to those who know anything of the internal economy of that high- minded journal. But as there are very many who do not, we will endeavor to give some explanation of the paragraph which concludes the article to which we have taken exception. It ram tone: — "There are many gentlemen -of " literary or artistic taste, from the professors " of the University downwards, who would " have prized the honor of the trusteeship of " each an institution; but these have been " passed by, and this appointment hag been " conferred npon gentlemen of eminence in " politics and commerce. These pursuits have " never failed of dne appreciation, and their " rewards are many. We think that an op- " portnnlty was given on the present occasion " of selecting for recognition a different class; " and, as soch opportunities rarely occur, 4 " is to be ifegretted that this one should- not " have been taken advantage of." The Argus is very angry that two members of ite own staff have been left out in the cold, and as all angry people are, is unreasonable and absurd. For instance, how can onr contemporary nay that gentlemen of literary or artistic taste hare been passed by when we find amongst toe new trnsteea Dr Bleasdale, Mr T. T. 'Beckett, Mr Michie, Mr Dofiy, and 'Mr Montefiore ! With the exception of toe last- - named, none of these gentlemen have ever been famous on "Change," each of them ne ' were in Parliament have been more or less elrgant failures, and they have every one naee tfaefc md oher im Stassorv. raraffi, or art. " Tb? tddr was vst® fen dsar v taafioa, na namto i a towt wefesf stefeif the esgpf weae eeesaesd traeea «f tears wio he fsa ebS on toe peprt Mate a few rsore \ sspsas-mestte Mv srei tosl I wS as mare to c»is3aie psbSc cpfefez torn; t sf nc tKk frri to the er- dd rwggmge cf pobBc ciscwizcj for ever greed, or | tae eaBBtepee.eS"- nSri se t€ assar-ear |«asfabiea rral'i to anywt toFimaws j J by the pnsfec of liar M-yH-vHt: ; , pnfasaoe. Ksr« mm if erer a goer I | dm-at fmSst TTtdvecy (Sys.-cay, ss ; 1 hrfras Fervors? ae to eanstose- toe mcpeay- 5 S meet of fmiStr ccfmrmr to prove idEi as &\- J i seed res He Argm -Bag be smeina a \ | atefzA fryer; or a fetor boost, bst se a | I frtoer eccfrcBH h it a jeffwrtaffe fa5nre. ; j Se3 u as nr-parss rf torrgr mat @Bera5y i rnowc," we sk daai wx cxacjcorf j far toe weisasne infansasac that Mr ! QfSssaaey c is rm dsputosss of feea- j has se extremriy we£ rata." If tide a eah- | Ssste to is pspS by toe rate parimrmsary ? sferiii. f j I Mr Wrisx who aeeme to be toe great parjai-imn; c£ toe depratmespt, »S penfe = him-; Mr Lasgruare Eight -do easy wrest f toasgf toas. raisse toe onlhaty ftrss wtiii | are c:jt ebsrged tc cwr rsEwayi. These j frees art ihstrdly ti. azri opeate ray pre- ; jaiictoly to traf Taking toe BeStrar to . Gaeaocg azri Mecosr&e; rates as a hir eerr- ptie | cc toe charges impoesd oc pT-ffTiriri all | throsgh, toty are sxastog lie one reidnfl | £ per met, trj-a than what toer sfevld be. f A jourE-- fee BeHsrzt to Geeiocg I : cans i3s 6d firrt-dasE, and rn 63 sesooa- ! riaes: cetsro taekete fcthag jsesea at lie and | ; 14s reEpeSSvdy. The ehaxset to Melbosroe j ; are vay fisprspcrfecate as OKEpared with I ; toese figures, toe jcfrroer tin-ugh c.errg j i 30s first-cite, or 23s resot-3, whEe return | j ttekete are sseea aj and 33s. Tfce Ce- | 1 p triryri has oh er- bees tcAs. a s& Toy pre— ivriy k- tc-:. tost these cherges are tor» I j high. Kj pereoc can go to Gedocg to j ; frame: any buEces wi:fcout toe yomey | eredng him £3 or A3, even if he reterc toe ; boe day, while a vis: ?o M eibowme a leg few ic a A3 cote; if the trip there mi hack is made in toe earns tone. When coring a night or no in Geriong or Mt.'- beume is added, the cost cf the tripe may tst resmably be doubled. The re- esit ie emply this, that burinem people cse the railway as link ac posribk,beeaeee, wfc-ea toe fiymt ai tzavtog is eamderad, toe trxciacrjoB tans: be a tolerably heavy one. sod toe mdoeeuect to go from home to negofrato very efrong, in addition, to in duce a busnesE man to imcr en much rrpHW Pro&s; on bcacesE are not eo large as they need to be; couseccgirij busnoE men have to eaicairtg these matters before undertaldcg a joarney to the fpot whers -.htir trarwvrtionff an nlfrffiately crtmiaded. Pigh tares therefore kad them to use the post office or tekgrzpfc in preftrerwe to travel 5sz fay nO, and eq the traffic on toe railwajz is rednced to a nririimntn. Mo rational person can revolve this matter ore r in his mind without ee«eg that high rates on onr lm« are very impolitic, and tost a conddsafak re daction in them woe Id not akoe be a great boon to toe peWic. bar largely teod to in crease the traffic return?. The fillip which exeszrioo trains give to traffic is a standing proof of the impolicy of everting high fares from the travelling public, and a strong argument in favor of red action. Of course holiday times have much to do with the migrations of people which eeeor when cheap eacarsioQ fares are toe order of the day ; but there can be no doubt that fir more persons are induced by these means to travel than by the fret of borinees bring virtually suspended for the time bring They see toe evpen— - of transit will be inconsiderable, a ai they there fore da not hesitate abont taking a trip. Cheep fares are the very life and eoul of railway bnrineee, as reduced prices stimulate every department of commerce. Mr Long- more hat now an opportunity to reduce tbe ordinary fares charged on our lice?, always supposing Mr Wright does cot demur to a change in this direction, and he will cer tainly show himself to be a poor tactician if he does not-sva3 himself of this opportunity before Parliament re -assemble?. Those persons who were of opinion that tbe earth hunger of the TlCtoriao population had been satisfied with toe operations of the just defunct Land Act, still have been greatly undeceived by the occurrences of the last few days. Tbe new Land Act bae only been in force a day or two, and yet there has already been as great a rash for land coder its pro visions, perhaps greater, than attended tbe inauguration of aoy previous statute of toe same kind. From Hamil'on on the one side to Sandhurst on the other, and at nearly all intermediate stations, where selections can take place, the Land Offices have been literally besieged by persons who are desirous of taking advantage of toe more liberal act now in force to acquire for themselves a home, or to increase the limited areas they were able to take np orutpr past arrangements. Mo one can fail to see that this ie a very healthy sign, for it eaves to dissipate an impression wbieh has long prevailed, and which has been vigorously fbttoed by certain parties, that the breadth of land already taken op is more than can be worked profitably, seeing that the local demand k necessarily limited and that the opportunities for doing an ex port trade in cereals are much restricted by the distance the colony is from the large mar kets of toe world. When ma who have had experience of agricultural pursuits in a new country like tins, show so much eagerness to extend their possessions, it may be safely in ferred that ' toe occupation from which this earth-hunger springs, is anything bnt an un profitable one, and therefore toe new Land Act by increasing toe facilities for the exten sion desired, cannot bnt be regarded as a great boon to -the whole community, while directly administering to toe needs of those who are mote immediately interested in its provisions. For toe success achieved in the past in toe way of settling people on toe lands, and for the increased facilities for future settlement which toe present Land Act offers, it most be remembered that the colony is mainly indebted to Mr (Scant The basis being now laid down for accomplishing toe latter purpose, it will be the fault of toe Land Department if toe fullest measure of success which could be desired in this direction is not-now achieved. Liberality of adminis tration, end a determined stand against dom- mykm, are the two main props npon which toe Land Office most rely to secure tods end, as well as to make toe new Land Act as popular in the country as its leading pro visions merit, and certainly ebonld secure. The bon.Mr M'Kean, Hiniiter of lands; tbe bod. Mr Zjoiugmore, Commissioner of BaOwaye; and the .boo. Mr M'LeJlan, Commjaaiuner of Fnblic Works, arrived 1' the Gearge hotel, by . the night train, from Melbourne yester day.' At nine o'clock this. morning they will visit tbe Band and Albion Consols mines for the purpose of Tmthfne themselves acquainted with the class o£ timber required in main driving, and thence to decide VbeQier ft was tigM tkst « restriction should be placed oo the diameter of props. At ten o'dock they win .receive the deputation relative to the Water Reserves, : seveal times; rcfrrredtq fat onr recent Issues, and afterwards -rations deputations will wait npon them on other matters. When these Zhall have been bowed 'ooVn virit vriUhe paid to the Water Rust ma, the State forest and audi parti of the district as mayba rrmpswa within tbe Bvitiat o«f s Mlnliffm' (jfipml ST-v- saae SETBT sukttv c-f s--3i iarfi. isicr- . riw-dcE axnu? of to s Cnsssj Cum jrresei- sags Vae QeSaener irefcs: 3s ssus fe Mssers mkrodt est Wsdto as toe ttoas fra cvSivBr yeEEerusy sfeEstous, cc yafu toe the- same wtjes toualc hew "sees sKacyrur frstera fee "the peeper cSertnc sr if _fr» i — jtlb beta re rose. TSs zsEsnestst B-xanrrfiis paaa 5=ie passage n- wiato we sue thsc: xc was tos east is vtitoMr ' Cil.9 Joe foeeSs cz- reerrer fresi Mr Obese? JJvss, wt. r a emr cf fSi. rriski is is ; at gi-rt tis. for tbe pcrpase ef pctcsfex tst . ' "—u u-ntf of wiv''f»SBUrf v dgga f atrp-ag ? fr» r-: — ij»n Iteiae Carrptsy, cf viuto — fa m Bsii - Mir J tee «s a Scesax , e W tone- Mr SPDersscc, w& c- ; \- far sfae irtss tes vri: ; a »a out Is ks ope--tg rertrrr-"t uBi-re Jfc Dfae'i esttta is tot ewe le&re; list cvzsisafrtor CI- ssHTSfoc cf tot SJU. utrir cf j wtito e JL.U-" ra-c ies bears if to- Mr j sr-'ufr wic was eargec £w sfnt wfrea srs. to- ; sarrac »w cdAm is vristo H-IrisK bar. ssce btts £nee for toQEre sspsge. toss ii tesrstc fto-ii bac tto a toer? cpporc Exiry cf r-afer a sp?sto 1 toe nas rset Ssm rvt peesce if is vet ot- fosri n Marias Sraze Mr SKksbcc. »io i cafisrat n it . j si re:ifr tbe ;ci«. itosffiusec Mr . Waito's iv i in ill u iusskxs e: sictfe'esms- rfrv. vhensqies rif Hssor ftoifi y toscit_ is : bt baser if cssmsri tutor perwsoaStiea As fa vu aw sessfy- gx eeSoEtLaadas tot essecEesses Sfaely to fossaeae ivw TTvevv cfcrEsf to to at cine cf cTitefa a?ext rouT-iri?-. sz orosr tore Mr Byse rxirbt give tos ; arebease before he toot "K rertortc sc asseas as tor icetisv iA she Eac. Mr M'Ktas. vto reberent tc tot uswrsbc of State Fe?sa, 1 bsw Mr H-Danut re-toy eppastd &s; en- cetiao s fsrer cf tot dtfeo-a.— t. sx-c is rc. cce i sesfflfcf to care abscx erecy tostog dctsgsss tie subs was eijoEnuec so tea c'cioci it tot eeetl vre. & is oos iixeiy the Mr Dysewi be pcut-S ir tbt exfoss, as toe ease wQ be ikae certEis to eeasv «sr- honre is toe - ; bearing. Tbe Bene cf tot Is B.V-R. wS-7 p-iay toe kibrisg PTBTVK. toss CTfTTTr, fe tot Slurs sueet Sesov-e : — Guat W«!a — CD Go5frey% Qxori: step. Chores — " FilfcC on Eh Ens-aoaif Seat." (Eiojel) QokSe — — Agms SOTTE3,- - Cle Dei). Scfautsreb? — " La-iy Fair," Mactgceneryj. Gikjp. - Go: Site sbe Qaess." Tbe Cuat-fr Com est ag>fr yeeteraey fr fae (cremsisl iri czssc kr jcaeiSBB. Tire ifrt of esses whsst fcai bees ess down far bearing w-tv CEV bai? dkporei cf. A reyr: i c-f toots beu-i, Kwesber wish tot lis for s.feay, will be foend fr tviv-i-ilvw A notarises Obfrese tfcfrf, rnnrA Ah Qaong, was txzescei yesestv as lifrt Beufs by 1 Serisr-enosstbis Mansf xli. Et wes fccui fr a ; hut fr ite- besi wito a large qutrsiiy cf wearisg i ugpart: supposed te besuiei.trf wCl be bronrii b?fore toe Fibfts Fclist Court tkfa pwt.- iif Tbe same of toe reseatoe mart at Sebes- tcps! is frserdtf to be altered ts tbe Albert Garden?. Tb? resdeuta as CobbSoa are movfrg fur toe cxtecrioE cf toe wrier tasis$ there, (fr Diricei- eos was to hire fctrcdsoed a dtprtatiT! oe toe tuiritct to toe messing of toe Stoaesec Bcrcsgh CcsBicf last right, but as toofct wbc were to care- gore toe aspaashxt cil ao: arrive at toe proper time, a nsemariai oe "toe FE'ojecf cs'y vn pre- seated. Tbe crgmf-i agreed to do all fr its power to frretw r the object, and fa was trearestood wcadd Etresgthes toe bands of a dtpourisu to toe Wuer Supply Conuafasee, by appofrxfrg several of its cumber to sucompzuy tbe delegates from toe inbsbtiasts. A toorooghly eoyaioe treat will be offered to tore, cf oetd ossc next So&day;, wfcst Ficunrii irn? fr E £ri wffi be snog ri it. Pcsririfo Church, smsar toe £rectfou of MrR W. Wrigiey, areisted by Mewrs Ixke, P. Cazaiy, A Wrigtey, ssa LefaSert. Witofr toe last four and twenty beers two mstecrisfrg asadests bare been added to our fedftty Hst The fires — which seeme dae to toe cadwea of tbe miser — was tori which oc curred to Mich are Kadaec, who had toe tope of three of hia tore cut off fr the shaft of toe Levia- toas Company's mne, Kapb>eoue, vectafav, by- toe eagt cc-mfrg down oc tire before be got away, though we are informed tori toe usual eiguri was property givas. Tbe second, we suppose, must be efariboted to temerity, if est to sotaetofrg worse, re fa is said to hare happened is this wise-. As a mas named Hamilton Have? was fr toe act cfatijnaiziga prop fr a drive in the Eoeers mine, Spriogt-a quantity of earth feii fr oc him, and dislocated lag trip. Both sufferers were con veyed to the Hospital yesterday. Tbe EBCgessfnl boidere of tickets fr Mr Bryant's Art Ucfru, draws last night, were as folio wi : — Ticket So. If, Mr W. Irwis; 5c. S, Mr Robert Jones; So. A, Mr Streeter; So. 1, Mr (from bie. The abcrre gentlemen have tbe right of refection in rotation. Tbe anniversary servicee of the Bible (frristian Chapel, Hnmffrey street, wi'.i be held next Sunday, vhe- three sermons will be preached fcy tbe Rev J. Coomb. A tea meeting wiii be held on toe following day in connection wito toe same ceiefarstfos. Tbe half-yearly meeting of the Ballarri Gas Company vrill be held at toe cSce, Grenvilie street, on Thursday, toe Stto instant. We trust it is a superfluous task on our part to announce that Mr W. M. Akhurst's benefit will take place at the Theatre Royal this evening. Mr Akhurst's claims on the patronage of theatre- going people are so considerable, for the manner in which be has enriched our list of dramatic compositions, that nothing short of a crowded house should be expected to- night. The bill of fare will be an attractive one. The performances will commence with the ghost scene from Hamlet, in which Mr George Moore will sustain the lead- ing part, and Mr Burrows that of the ghost. The first act of the Octoroon will follow, Miss Juno, Mrs Wooldridge, Miss Frances Bentley, Mr George Moore, Mr Burrows, Mr Jones, Mr Bardwell, Mr Bracher, and other amateurs supporting the leading parts. An operatic interlude will follow, in which Miss Amelia Bailey will sing several selections from the more popular operas. After this the first act of tbe " Heir-at-Law" will be produced, the characters being supported by the abovementioned ladies and gentlemen, and the performances will con- clude with the comedy of " Time Tries All." During the evening Mr Akhurst will address the audience. Boxes may be secured on application to Mr Mullen, who has a list for the purpose. With such a bill of fare as the above, and the efforts of so able a dramatic writer to recognise, the house should be filled from pit to gallery top. The music will be provided hy the band of the 1st B.V.R. We fancy it must have been prurient imagina- tion, rather than an ardent desire to see justice done, that drew to the District Police Court, and held three in rapt attention during an hour and a half yesterday morning, a larger number of idlers than are usually found in that temple of the bandaged goddess with the scales. The piece de resistance was, of course, the case fr which Mrs Jane Dempster sued her husband for maintenance for herself and two children, and as some interesting details were expected, it was in vain that Mr Gaunt hinted that all females should leave the court. She had previously procured an order in Melbourne, but having on two occasions failed in getting it renewed, she now altered the venue to Ballarat, engaging Mr McDermott to con- duct her case. Mr George Paton Smith, who ap- peared for the defendant, denied that the younger of the two children was the bona fide property of his client, and brought evidence which so strongly supported his view of the matter, and so seriously damaged the character of the plaintiff that the bench dismissed the case. Immediately after the decision, Mr Dempster took charge of the elder child, and subsequently conveyed it Melbourne; while Mrs Dempster brought the younger child to the house of her husband's sister, who lives in Ballarat, and left in the hall, saying she might keep it, or send it down after the other. She then left, and the child was et once sent to the Western lock-up, whereupon Mrs Dempster was arrested on a warrant charging her with having deserted it. She was speedily let out on bail, and she will doubtless make ber re-appearance at the District Police Court next Saturday. Tbe lady Jocelyn, clipper ship, reached Heb ron's Bay on Thursday, bringing the following immigrants: — Married couples, 32; tingle men, 115; single women. IBt; children, 86. Of toe latter seven are infante under twelve months old. lost night's Herald says that toe Post Office Department has been taken charee of by the boo. the Commissioner of Customs. Mr Cohen entered upon toe official duties of tbe department this morning. The traffic receipts on toe Victorian Railways for the week ending the 27th nit., amounted to £11,370 10s 3d; of which eud, £5692 13s 6d was foam the Murray line; £1226 la from, that to BaUaret,and £1451 15e 9d from toeWiiliamstown branch. The total receipts for the corresponding week in 1869 was £11,333 8s. Tbe Telegraph says that Miss Cleveland is engaged in forming -a wru idecHU company for WestooT Opera-house, sod her present esgage- mente include Mire Carry George, Mrv Gill, Mrs Pelham, Mr Lawrence, Mr Leathes, Mr Ourlea -Tnung, and Mr Bell. Mr Robertson 'a comedy " Play " baa been selected for the opening night. 12th February, and it is also in contemplation to prodnoe Rngltah oyaeUaa. Ur -T-- 35aExy wic he sores spretAn re hi? Aura—, an Tx ""«- £btos toe A art- Sbib fOrium a toe sits ires «£ Geefrmg a Friday aveuot%. frB,fae FV-- tore (st qaSE frees, tot ZSSOB. fr las ©WE paprel he ©arid prove faehm hategtirfft? m. tot M-Ctdiato Cnrasa if fat wjqr \r pre fas mme sf ris eKEaaes. We axe .iJ.f EIMS v-icv Vr sgTErcggef V- (frfan P.i ! i j-i?rf atr rnhicss, a— y ew d — ?<\- t ' oSce; xwre cscseresosefi Sre- frriSw cafct,andeevrefr»w tori asyoM- bad c=«ea fa 'rfr Vfr Bsey will do ds: see toe casrai-'essa c£ frrtosr exx-"a-ri?at- Owfrg fc toe m». ???.lT b'jspc et;» if ices te w- r toe Dtok Pefate re: t Srrts g5vet- -Tyrrv— v tot vafrasc says toe Arcaj te? trarav csihflei re ease toe pctpreoes at £S SSKf xnaee toar ix; toe , yesx, wfaex pEtqeuj was depseaaee grestiy cwiqgte toe ; oreiagfr- The iMreases varsarioc wis ysss=y i t&eznez; tc- at toa i y- merireg cf toe I vrerecoE r-iT a r-v.-.graa>cr - i. - -5 toe - f , lie fr retgrest'fay tot Idsri of CislSsiwtmi re «=- vsoea fji?e: ug far the purpose cf giving expret- riaa re tosir qfafr ef toe corneas cf _toe fat anjjf; J Jhew-a'+K TX2 ft ft CXJT wtfaewatoed Mr Grehtre Beny, =£ gave tare X Clear SO cf berito. We IHexcpia Ccvsxte teari tori toe Eug- dewt betwes: five «-- sx c'riaA te toe ttxxreitg j et Soav Sesl Mesres Birt. T cfey , at,t Eewfas, j x tori, radtia-, have poestia to i a ririfru fr toe whhoifaaoi ef Terieg. for toe j pcrpast cf iiT r r'f a lug srenke to toe trofr- frr wfafafa fa tc fr form for there text »- appesxxsat re Ifotcene oo toe tfoh cf : Fesrutxy rrrt Vw-r rvv fra-rik CEpSfti it tot Gwcaja- -y-y-r Ptfrfeg Offiie were eogagtd os Wednes day f ss ys She Area j fr toe of toe sew frnfi segulaSaeQE, -axti there wiS mscbtaeBti- ful exsply of toe books foe osfoifaBaoa. In «seootiimfbe|ceeet»SocetfflSsig' fr ildhafat-'fa! mslniaK will bees nam a si after to-day at she Crava Ieto cSce ri toe price pre-rfrcty uscstfd of Is per copy. Fissa toe zeisrsphic afvSste reset ved ri toe lands Ofee fr McfrrK. fa seesBs oatais tori itrif cuss- titie? cf rar-c wEI be taken up wfrtre avery short period to ever toe cafiony. Ground has bees j fegged out fr tfrwes ersy cfrtriet of toe taasay, i atd re temt Iscxliaes a Ecrcrisfrg cssber cf ap- I plfraxrz are eaatine forward. | Tbe Tcatia, Oyer stoseripdesa Bet cfreei sss j Wednesday TfiF-noao fsfavs toe Ape), astotooagfa f toe pi ease amcsrei ssf pateouxg? Bsscrcsd by the | reu?ieal pcblic is cot stated, S i? esii fo be verr i sttiifactrry ss i pnraszagiag. Tbe list include s j to 3to'cf many cf toe leaders ef Melbourne foffajcc. siii a heiiaac: a=d saeeesfto eeasou is 1 fcy Messs lasts err Smith. It te tc- j be br-ped tore totir expectation? D£T be fclly j rec-'iiec- as torer attempt to frtrodsse toe opera : oc a grtnc seal? is ceservn cf every encoursge— j reett from toe pcfcfart s, Tbe following appeared is yesterday'c Tefe- crept: — ? The snriog? cf toe CsScset, wtict axe | ef caifr occxrrtose, art priccpslly devoted to i oevekfeg toe policy wifofa tbe Govern mert frtend to sctsEit to ParTjsmafa. Tbeestitosts cf toe year are ucsergofrg coosidgaticc, and axe so far advanced ri to be ready in a day cr two to .- gc to presa Tbe tsssbers of tbe Royal Comxsis- | siou of loqmry into tbe workfrg of the Leeds J Deparfanrot will be named most probably erring | toe present week. The besnsse which had eccu- Exkiti before the recess is befog rapidly cleared i cm of toe way." ; The fist sitting cf toe General Anemfalj cf ' the Anglican Church for toe present year was i held fr the Mechanics Institute on Wednesday | afoersocc, the Bttoop cf Melbourne pretimeg, \- Tbe isangcral address (saye the Telegraph) ?'? wito a great variety cf subjects, toe'prfrcipal cf > wfcfrh was a proposal f or the fostfrctioc cf a i read jctor bitoop, who ebou'.c succeed to tbe sce tm its becoming vacant. A notice of motion was : given by 4 r-hd-arrr; Crawford for toe consBe- ' axirm of this costioa to-day. cctice wae given by tbe Rev. Mr Gufrsess, fo© Thurs- ' day Brit, foe a return of all dsrgyxasE fr the \- ciocEse of 1-IeTbturct holdfrg revocable licenses, if teretnuable by efficx of time or otorewise then ' fcy the will or action of the fcisbup. distinguish tor ' between priest? and deacon s. The Bet. Mr Berber alst gave cotioe of his frteatiou to bring " fr a bill to »mert? the law relating to tbe etrpcict- t meet of mfristBs. The aeBembly wEl oaatfroe \- to meet ri torse o'rirvrir daily until toe whale of : the besness awaxtiug tracsaetiou by it is cispoeed of. It wfil also bold evening sittings, eom- i mescfog ri seven o'clock. On Thursday last a man Tamptteh died i fr the Wagga Wagg HospitsI after a sidesese of ' a few day? duration, brought on by col A folisw- j frg indulgence fr a quantity of cc4oaial ale, : which he had swallowed for a wxger. In the ; early part of last week," says rise Express, : ' lamplleh made a foolish wags- of £5, ri the > Buys! hotel, that he would swallow a and ! a half cf ©okrafal ale at a sTtri-ig Tbe ale was : euppliei to him and be drank it off and won toe wtger. Mr Wagoibacb, of toe brewery, finding him lying about drunk after the completion of his task, got him into ooe of toe loose-boxes of the hotel, covered bim up, and the next morning gave him a tingle class at brandy. He afterwards went to a boardfoghcuse, but being of a rather sirfelv rtWHlfllijiftfi tscf mini i ha effect upon bis system than usual, ?ud on the \- 21st tilt- he was taken to the hospital, and on the . 27th uit. expired, the ultimate cause of death befog it is believed inflammation cf the large. The history of the laet few year? of this poor .. fellow's life has Deem a sad one indeed. Some ; years ago be emigrated to this colony with his wife and younger children, leaving hk eldest son in the old country. The son got oo well after the departure of his relatives, and the deceased, after a time, sent his wife and three youngest children home to him, and the whole family were then to return to Australia together." The mother would not remain long separated from her husband, and after a stay of only ten months In England, embarked with her four children fr the ill-fated London for Melbourne. The loss of his whole family in the terrible shipwreck of that vssel preyei greatly upon the "'"3 of the deceased, and from that time he appeared to become almost indifferent to tilling, lived only npon tbe commonest cf diet, axid gradually acquired habits of drinking. 