:A St?MMER TRIP ?TO TASMANIA. S. . . ,CBY.?GtRs] :," . Tni Te years of the hlttest'side 'of Collins. street-taon years of business, a battle of feer= ish and eociting occupation, with scarcely 'i break or interval of rest- predisposed mo'for a few' weekls'holiday. I Ten years of life in Meolbourne implies'mreo than a,lecade's wear \- and tear in duller' and easiei-going commiuni. ties; and thius it was'with:something like the ,.ardor of.younger'days'I turned my back for ":a few weeka upon 'the : sweltering January lieat the blinding:. dust, anid' thd stereotyped comhplaints'of bad'times; for a"short run out • .Ifharnees; .B- ybea;'f- ocourse.' The' lands Sman;. everiforgotful; of:hckvbt and roll,' of Sthrbhbing sorew.'and thrashing wave;, still turns longiiigly to!blue?wdter 'tanud ithe 'fresh 'bredies whichripple and roughenits surface, to blowloff.the ticouemulted cobwebs of a rou Stine life ashore:;-: Ii ordinary weather the -. home, on 'the" rolling! dLeep; as experienced b? hetweeri Williamstowkn "and Queensclifl, is I 't.;enjoyhbl8e!onongh. .":.The ' knowing.looking ." ;youngi'follows;with the'ydohtsian 'bats, are . doing' nautical talk inl the initetval of cigar 1 " nwhibiffs:on thd bridge7 The passengers generally, : ,likergentiine chips'of the Asiglo-Saxon' block, a ,'I glower-.'distrustfully at ea~h' other,1 as they i i', bhavin't been 'formally! introduced.' ' Unlike. -some steamboat inanageinehtswell-furnished dinner-tables on board the Tasmanian, steamer a :!,hre lirovided, whilst we are 'still ih imooth .t :water - Running along morrily with.;a geitle b?.!l reeze, and a 'varying: pano'anuTaTo'f "ooded " ,'bhills onthe 'left, we adjourn to dinner eTn -: ransa't We sit down'to that'appetite-satisfy -°, ing meal, some fifty-seven strong. "'In" three Sbriefhdurs the' steward's. bell asdemtbled for c .;M; tea but'a'poor hilf- dozen I' Where 'are' the' '.., totrf uis? Where hro the" yachtsinen" who ',ppaidItinchlvigorous attention to 'the"cod 'air-. .'lioinOwhere can 'lu;ae 'conealedt th'emselites , those bold quaffers ofpintb'reakets ofsiimmer Sstonutrwhoseo' digestion 1 b+ud 'curiously' re-. " garded"'y, Not on 'deck'Sare th'ey; to' be 1 .:,found.:'Alas I can these eounds of inarticulate i ; rdistressrepresent all that wre' shall' knoy of i :;coutfniautical passengers:for tlhe next four-and- d -' twenty!hoursI ' Shffeiere, I sympathise.with a o';you. tI feal:deeply for you, prompted 'by that S-:fellow- feeling which inakes the whole world k; hin-. 'Like yourselves,: that treacherous heave . andrplonge which euaphuistic miariners' cill : ?'?the' ? rip'.'"--that atery' GCerborus' which '. relentledsly'guards'thle gates ajar of the 'great. ( . tuVicttrian.harbor-has proved a warning to .,nmyself: Prudent'were those wide.dwiike' girls -a whoiretreated to those secret andd probably s ',.rose-leave bowers which Providence and' the j -' ":companyhadprovided eapeciallyfor theiniwhilst , '!we'were still in' siooth water. They deprived themselves of the last'view'of those silent one ,.,eyed'sentinele rising tall, white, ghost-like :"above the red' bluffs of Quensoliff.' "I fanloy these gentle ones had crossed Base's 'Straits ': oftener' than the owners of the seamanlike hats, S'sand were discreetdenough to 'be aware' that •h ?uman nature never looks so uninteresting t a 'as when' the 'sea-god compeld an unwilling 'aaoriafee.. I think mankind' never presents so ':thoroughly, humiliatedc' an aspect as 'when clinging ';onvulelvely to' the le'rail (havihg bebdn 'ordered fron' the'weattier dide). 'There :lesomething particularly nsoanny-looking in 1 I::thoee' great'-lumps 'and pitse of. water,' which move'like no recognised nor orderly 'seaswells. SYo can't tell to what dizzyh leight tlo neot t watery' lever-" will :' 'hoist" your' ship 'I -into !what pit' of .inky ".liquid - it may burllher headlong. A'dismal passenger olutch I.'ing wildly at a belaying-pin reminds his neigh- it ,bor that' a young lady :was'wnshed from the f 'deck" of the "Black Sw'an ! at thi' partibnlar V spot.. However, we pass.' through 'our ji SVictorian hell-gate safely, as have thousands 8 'of'shipsbefore, and ere long'we have the Pal- I 'pit Rook 'and the light on Cape Schanek o ":.almost 'abeam.' With a favouring breeze Sgradually- the 'light" dips' down, ' and P we' ''lose 'for a- :time '.our 'last 0 ?land.-mark' -'of' "home: .'Within twenty t, ''hours of the Queen's Wharf, 'Mel- 0 •'bourne 'we are'close in' to the sea-mouth of it ' the Tamar: "'Andl a very welcome sight is land to" the ' unaccustdmed voyager even n ;'after'so brief an 'interval of'salt-water. 'In f a few minutes we'are, through lthe entrance o of a nioble tidal river, with some forty miles g "of'ifiland havigation ".before 'us.' I may P as well confess that the scenery from George- h . town to Launceston makes a Victorian so. t ,verely envious. One would'nt mind exchang- c , ing even our poetically named .Yarra Yarra a "for' the brod' and' almost majestic' Tamar. h "Againhand again the banks recede into bay t after bay-the billsritch with foliage and the "occasional chamiipaign lands -now yellowed i ?'ewith ripening grain.'' There; are, of course, I • some, eledents of Yarra navigation of 'which it' would grieve the practical' mind I ' to'be bereft. : As a business. community it t w odld, 'no 'doubt,' be very' terrible to lose a "thoae budding' induitries which' thrive and multiply upon the river'bank in" a reinark- I 'ably 'unpleasant 'atmospheore of 'repulsive "odors." ' But 'the'assult upon the nostrils of *'people 'who give no thought to political 'economy is something so unparalleled that it is "really.worth' the consideration of the "owners'of passenger 'steamers whether they ought' not to receive and'discharge passengers I at some' of the'Bay piers instead of running so revolting a gauntlet. I am forgetting.that "it is' 'of the Tamar.I would 'say something,. 'di?d": not of the Yarra. The picturesque bdncs'anid 'sweeps of the Tamer suggest the Huidsdn--tlio similitude being, of course, inI 'dhiiatere.'. Near Laanriceston there 'exist a natural barrier to'navigatioi except 'at favor. able' periods of tide. There are hours of every day when the little steasmrs which bridge the 'Straite 'cannot' pass this bar. Why don't Sthey take some trouble to remove the obstaicle?" ;I inquired. "My dear Sir,"' replied Captain ,-, ,they tako'nothiog--but the dues." 'tdgth we are ashbre,the people most dilapi dited by sea 'sickness having' freshened up ; wnoderfully in costumne and complexion whilst ' we have been 'dolng :the canal-boiat business "u p the iver;,iand been warped ronund the sharp "bond' which leads to the steam.boat wharf. SThe pier'is crowded, for 'the bi-weekly arrival "of the Melbourne steamer is an event too sen "sationsl to bhe neglected by the good people of Launeceston. "Amongst the cabs I see no Isan. : eome; bat severaljingles of Melbourne fashion, a?irl a genuine Sackville-etreet inside casi, with a correspondingly national driver. Shortly the Launoeston hotels have overflowed, and a portion of the new arrivals have to hnot up lodgings where they can. The stranger can hardly help being struck with the lack of -enterprise amonegst the class who cater dfor.' the . bodily .wahts of travele:ors. Without desiring to decry the quality' of hotel acconmmodation, it does seem remarkable that the Launceston hotels are full fot'about four- and-twenty hours after the steamer arrives, and are then almost empty until a fresh batch of arrivals give them another four-antl twenty hlours' supply of short staying incidentals. Nine out of ten f or'e,tourists i sTo asid at taunadeston make a hasty, scampering visit to Corra Linn, the Punch Bowl3 , aindthe Cataract, and go on with the shortest possible delay to Hobart Town, which,' with its its surroundings, monopolises the greater portion of their time, and benefits largely by the 'outlayof visitoirs. Now, without decrying the natural beauty of the Derwent, the' picturesque situation-of Hobart Town, withllite always grand back-ground of Mount Wellington, I think that the majority of visitors to Tasmania miss' an infinity of beauty of beautyin the country :about Launceston. In former years I made some stay in, the south" ern.:capital,:,and -uponi tlhis occasion:I tem ,braced the opportunityy of ,looking in. a. lazy pneneorgetio, wayate;what,.was to ,be, seen within: thirty, miles' radius .of the northern city. . Launceston strikes, the ,visitbrfrom Melbou?tie as' uncommonly finished, (I ins 'tend no double meaniing).', The publio build ings' and hotise are completeo and 'haver no blank' 'gables left upon which to patch new wings when bdusiness expainds : They don't expect biilness" to expad, 'ano, ,there' fore, they'finish their 'publiho offices ' ancd 'churoles- out of' ?hand: ' It was with almost antiquaria' :iinterest :.I'` read.. an inseription.r dated ' '1825: -upon,';a :me morial marble in a Launceston:obreb.. ,The charm of Launceston is that ii is thoroughly English in appearance.~. You.. might fancy yourself in ---any -one- of fifty .fourth'rate' 'British market-towns. After the harsh newnesS' of. upstart 'Melbourne, "there is a mature. mellowness,; sometimes dashed with 'mildew, which affords just, the' kind 'of contrast a visitor, needs. A well-built little town is 'Laun ceaton--ttrar, atue rottmdus. .Nestling in a; sancer-like hollow, from the surrounding heights there are ample opportunities of enjdy ing its. quiet, oomfortable-loolking, slow= going, 'well-to-do appearance., If it be a Sleepy Hollow is not that just what ,th wandeier' from the busy work- shop' wants P Seopl? growl' it' thc'dulieas 'aftee flying frotr its'direct opposite. '1Aboit the town, ite stur onundinge, and 'p'oseible' fture,' ' have aggood deal to say;,which' I' 'mbia postpone 'for an other week.-M-A elbourne Leader. 