AUBURN. (FKOM OUR OWN COBBESPONDENT.) December 8. A serious catastrophe occurred on Friday week to a f. male residing at East Auburn, named Mrs Mildren, sen. She had been shop ing till about 7 o'clock, after which she attended a class-meeting. Her manner and conversation seemed lively as usual. She re turned home apparently in good health, but her hour had almost arrived, for a short time after retiring to rest her daughter in the ad joining rt om heard her fall, and instantly ran to her assistance. She said she felt a very un usual and severe pain in her head. Dr. Walls was immediately sent for, who very soon dis covered that she had been seized with a fit of apoplexy, and gave little or no hope of recovery. Within two hours of the attack she expired. The deceased was very much respected, and bore her age well, for, though 61 years old, she was as sprightly as many a younger person. On Sunday her remains were followed to the East Auburn Cemetery by a large number of relatives and friends. It is a great consolation to reflect that she lived an upright and chris tian life, and was prepared for the sudden summons. The funeral arrangements were conducted by Mr Threadgold, jun,, the fiev. J. Trewin officiating at the grave. On Sunday last missionary sermons were preached in the Bible Christian Chapel by the Bevs. John Hancock (of Kapunda), and Octavius Lake. The public meeting was held on Tuesday evening, Mr J. Blatchford, of Watervale, presiding. The lievs. J. Hancock, Jas. Trewin, and O. take gave interesting and stirring addreses. Mr Lake also read the financial report, which showed the society was making rapid advances, although still indebted to the Treasurer. The collections at all the services amounted to £6 7s. The attendance was not large, only about 50 persons being present, owing no doubt to the busy season coming on. Houses are again in demand through the brisknfss in the manufacturing trades, but no buildings have gone up lately, save the build ing of haystacks at almost every large establish ment. Hay being so plentiful, the price keeps at a low ebb. Red rust has been noticed by some farmers, but has done no serious damage as yet. The old lady who mended her husband's trousers with a patch of grass is now smoothing her own hair with the comb of a rooster. . . The man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. 