BEAUTIFUL GBILB. following verses are by Major W. A. H. urney. the author of "Beautiful Snow" ch appeared in the last number of the Ada This effort of that gentleman's genius t equal to the preceding one, but the lines lowing and touching:— ltifol child by thy mother's knee, he mystic future what wilt thou be t emon of sin, or an angel sublime— oison Upas, or innocent thyme— int of evil flashing down h the lurid light of a fiery crownliding vp with a shining track, e the morning star that ne'er looks back, tiest dreamer that ever smiled, uch wilt thou be, my beautiful child ? mtiful child in my garden bowers, nd of the butterflies, birds and flowers, e as the sparkling crystalline stream, els of truth in thy fairy eyes beam, s there ever a whiter soul than thine rshipped by love in a mortal shrine ? heart thou hast gladdened for two sweet years th rainbows of hope through mists of tears— ts beyond which thy sunny smile, th its halo of glory, beams all the while. utiful child, to thy look is given a serene—not of earth, but of heaven ; th thy tell-tale eyes and prattling tongue, dd thou could'st ever thus be young, te the liquid strain of the mocking bird, m stair to hall thy voice is heard; w oft in the garden nooks thou'rt found, th flowers thy curly head around, d kneeling beside me with figure so quaint, ! who would not dote on my infant saint! utifal child, what thy fate shall be, rchanoe is wisely hidden from me ; fallen star thou may'st leave my side, d of sorrow and shame become the bride— ivering, quivering, through the cold street, ith a curse behind and before thy feet, hamed to live, and afraid to die ; home, no friend, and a pitiless sky. erciful Father—my brain grows wild— ! keep from evil my beautiful child ! autiful child, may'st thou soar above, warbling cherub of joy and love ; drop on eternity's mighty sea, blossom on life's immortal tree— oating, flowering evermore, the blessed light of the golden shore, id as I gaze on thy sinless bloom id thy radiant face, they dispel my gloom ; feel He will keep thee undefiled, ad Hie love protect iny beautiful child. DANGER OF PREMATURE INTERMENT.—The tolac Observer reports the following case :— 'It is so very seldom that a man dies and comes o life again a short time afterwards, that when startling fact similar to this does occur, it is ;eneraUy worth chronicling. A man named iamuel Talbot, a labourer, residing in Colac, lecoming suddenly indisposed, the services of )r. Eae were called in, and after the usual melical inspection, the man was ordered to bed, ind the doctor departed to obtain the necessary dies. While away, a message was sent to that Talbot had suddenly JshufSed off this nortalcoil, and believing the statement to be iue, though somewhat surprised, he drew out ' necessary certificate, stating the cause of -A. The friends of the supposed deceased nan immediately took the necessary steps for lie funeral, the undertaker and the registrar of leaths having been informed of the mournful went, and no doubt chuckling at the thought hat business in their line was looking up. lie house where Talbot was laid "straight upon his bed," was gathered a number iFomen, and mourning and lamentation could be leaid, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be comforted. When lo! Talbot opened his eyes, and stared around him with marvellous surprise at the scene which was being enacted in the house. Of course the women screamed, and covered their faces, forming all manner of thoughts about ghosts, and it was afterwards found that Talbot had merely swooned away, and had been in a sort of trance lor a number of hours. The undertaker was compelled to desist making the coffin, the registrar destroyed the certificate, and the doctor indulged himself in a hearty good laugh. The joy of the friends can, of course, be better imagined than described. THE WAS OF RACES.—Mr. F. Buckland, is report on salmon fisheries just issued, speaking of the struggle for existence which is continually going on among races of animals, toys"Thus the red-legged partridge has pined ascendancy over the common partridge. Again, the old British black rat has died out gradually before the Norway rat, the fonner wing now but rarely found in the British isles at the present time. And," he adds, " the evil gay assume even greater dimensions, for as Mr. Bartlett, of the Zoological Gardens, has informed ®e. fear is entertained that the rabbits introduced into Australia, and now extending theme s into parts of the country not sufficiently Populated to keep them down, may eventually «> serious mischief to the sheep, not only by devouring their food, but by tainting the ground^ 