aKR.MEL3HA.U3EN : OR, A STRANGE VILLAGE, j (From the Germán of Gtrttaeektr.) j (Concluded.) ( " BUT those sr« surely the cumuli doors, and I see nonoay comme out." " That is but natural," laughed the young girl, " because no one has been lu, not even the Priest. Only tho old sacristan allom himself no rest, and goes through the form of rluging the bells. " And none of you go to church ?" " No, neither to Mass nor to confession," she replied, cora. Îosedly ; " we have a quarrel with the Pope, who lives among the tallans, and bo won't allow it until wo obey him again." '. Well, this ls the lirst I have heard of lt." "Ahl said she, carelessly, "it waa along time ago. Look, there comes tho sacristan out of the church alone, shutting tnt doors ; be will not go this evening to tba inn, but sit quietly al home." " But tho Priest comest" " Ob, that he does, and is the merriest of the party : be doos not take it at all to heart." " But when did all this happen f" asked Arnold, less interested in the facts themselves, than in her ingenuous manner of relating them. " Ah," she said, "it ls a long story, and tho Priest has wrltton lt all out in a large, thick book. You can read It there. If ll amuses you, and you understand Latin. But mind and say no- thing about it when my father is nigh, for ho hates tho subject. Look 1 here come all tho young people out of the houses. I must make baste home and dress, that I may not be the lost." " And tho first dance, Gertrude?'' " Is yours, that I promise you." Both quickly retraced their steps back to the village, which wa« animated with a very different Bplrit from that of tho morning Joyous groups of young people were collected everywhere all dressed In their best ; and nt the inn to which they wero flocking, garlands of flowers hung from tho windows, and triumphal arohea were raised at tho doors When Arnold saw everybody so smart, he felt Unit his travelling costuma would never do : so he hastily Gulled his best coat out of his knapsake, and had Just completed a urried toilet when Gcrtrudo knocked nt Iiis door, and called him out. And strangely beautiful she looked in ber simple, yet rich nttlro, as she cordially invited him to accompany her, leaving bel father and motlier to follow later. " She doesn't tako Henry's absenco much to heart," ho thought gaily, as ho drew her arm in Iiis, and hastened in tho deepening twilight to tlie dancing- hall : but he took care not to express his thoughts on that subject, for the strange emotion that ho had felt before thrilled his breast, and lila heart beat higher in his bosom os ho felt that fair girl hang on his arm. " I must leavo you to-morrow," sighed ho gently ; almost invo- luntarily tho words were whispered in tho ear of bis companion. 1 Sho replied, with a smile, " Do not trouble yourself about that -we shall be a long time together, longer, perhaps, than you will ! Uko." " Should you like mo, then, Gertrude, to stay with yon !" he asked, tho blood rushing to lils temples aa ho spoke. " Of course I should," was her naive reply : " you aro so good and kind, and my father likes you so much, and-Henry is not yet come 1" sho added indignantly. " And if ho should como to-morrow?" ' To-morrow I" said Gertrude, fixing on him her largo, dark eyes, full of deep meaning. " A long, long night lies between. To-morrow I you will know to- morrow what that word means. But no more of that now"-breaking oft* in a more cheerful tone -" this ls our festival, to which wo have becu looking forward so long, so very long; and wo must not spoil it with melancholy thoughts. Here wa aro at the inn. Tho company will bo sur- prised to see I have brought a new dancer witli mc." Arnold would have questioned her further, but tho loud music which sounded from within quito drowned his words. They were curious tunes that tho musicians played ; he did not recognise one of thom, and was at first quite dazzled by tho glare of tho nume- rous lights. Gcrtrudo lcd him into the middlo of the hall, where a crowd of young peasant girls stood chattering together, and there left him to himself, that ho might look about him before the dance began, and becomo acquainted with thc i - ¡er young men. The artist did not at first feel very comfortable amongst so many strange faces ; tho remarkable costume and dialect of tho people perplexed him, and sweet as that unaccustomed accent might sound from Gertrude's lips, lt seemed very harsh when spokon by others. The young mon seemed disposed to bo friendly, and one coming up, took him by tho hand, saying " So you aro going ta stay with us, sir; we lead a merry life, and tho interval passes very fast." " What interval ?" asked Arnold, less astonished by the ex- pression than by the youth's appearing so convinced that he in- tended to make tho village his homo. "You mean until I return ?" " You mean to go?" asked the other, hastily, " To-morrow, yes-ortho day after to-morrow; but I am coming back." " To-morrow ?" laughed tho young man. " Oh, that's all right. Yes, we can talk about that to-morrow. But come, that X may show you some of our amusemont ; because If you really mean to go away to-morrow, you may not have such another oppor- tunity." Thc bystanders laughed significantly together, and tho young peasant, agata taking Arnold's arm, led him right through the house, which was full of joyous guests. The first room they came towns occupied by card-players, each with a heap of gold boforo him. A second was devoted to the national game of ninepins, and a third to round games, and other sportive amusements ; the young girls walking up and down, laughing and talking with their cavaliers, till a burst of music from tho instiumcnts, tho signal for tho danco was given, and Gertrude stood by Arnold's side, and touched his arm. " Come," she said, " we must not be the last, for as tho justice's daughter, I must open the ball." " What a strange melody that is," said Arnold ; " how I shall dance to it, I cannot imagine." " Itwill soon come," laughed Gcrtrudo ; " In Ave minutes you will feel at home in lt, and I will help you through." All now pressed gally forward into the ilanclmr-rooni, with the exception of tho card-players, and in the bliss of holding that beautiful girl in lils arm, Arnold forgot everything else. Again and again he danced with Gertrude, and though the other maillons made slgniilccnt signs as they passed, no one attempted to dispute his right to his fair partner. One circumstance alone startled him. Close to tho Ins stood the old church, and from tho hall could bo heard plainly the shrill discordant strokes of tho old cracked bell. Tho offect of tho first strnko was os if tho wand of a magician had touched tho assembly. Tho muslo broke off suddenly, and every one of tho gay crowd stood motionless, sllontly counting tho hour. This occurred at eight, at niuo, and at ton o'clock, and when Arnold would have asked the reason, Gertrude put her finger on her lips, and looked so grave and sorrowfnl, that for the world ho would not bava vexed her by asking again. At about ton o'clock there was a pause, and tho musicians, whoso lungs ought to have been of iron, preceded tho young people Into the supper-room Thora was all merriment ; tho wino flowed freely, and Arnold, who could only do os others did, began to calculate the hole this wonderful evening would mako In his travelling purse. But Gertrude sat close by him, and drank with him out of tito same glass, and how could he dwell upon such sordid cares? And supposo Henry carno to-morrow. < Moven began to strike, and, as before, the revellers were silent, whilo there was the breathless counting of tho slow dull strokes. A strange horror came over Arnold, ho know not why ; and he thought of his homo and his motlier. Slowly he raised his glass to his lips, and drank to tho dear ones far away. Tho clock had struck, and tho guests had sprung up from tho table ; tile dance recommenced, and all hurried back to tho hall. " Whose health did you drink last ?" asked Gertrude, as ho drew ber arm in his again. Ha hesitated to answer. Would she laugh at him If ho told her ? No, she had prayed too tenderly that morning at her own mother's gravo ; and ho answered in a low voice, " My mother's." Gcrtrudo said nothing as they ascended tho stairs, but she laughed no more, and before beginning their dance, she asked him, " Do you love your mother so much?" "Bottor than my lifo.' " And she loves you ?" "Does not a mothar love her childi" " And supposo you ncvor wont back to her ?" " Poor mother I" said Arnold, "her heart would break." "The danco ls beginning again," said alia, hastily; "come, we must not lose a moment I" And wildor than ever began the dance ; so wildly, that Arnold began to wish himself out of it, and Gertrude also grew moro grave and silent. Every moment the rovel waxod higher and higher, and in a momentary pause, the old justice came up, patted the young manon tho shoulder, and said, laughing, "That's right, young gentleman, shake your legs well to-night, you will have Íilonty of timo to rest afterwards. Why, Trudchcn, what aro you aoking sa serious about ? Is that a face far a danco ? Bo merty, I say 1 hear how they aro going on I I must go and find my old lady, tiiatwe may have tho last dance together. Koop it up 1 Those musicians aro blowing their very breath out of their bodlos." And humming a jolly chorus, he pressed through tho crowd and disappeared. Arnold was leading Gertrude to her placo in tho dance, but she suddenly drow back, seized his arm, and whispered, "Como 1" Ho was allowed no timo to ask where, for she gi dod from him, and escaped out of tho hall. " Where are you going, Trudoben i" asked ono of her com- panions. " I shall be hack in a minute," was her brief answer and in a few seconds she was standing with Arnold in the fresh night air. " Where ate you going. Gertrude?" " Come I" Again sho seized his arm. led him through the village to her father's liouso, into which sho darted tor a moment, and returned with a small bundle. "What's that for?" "Come!" was tho sole reply, and she hurried him down tba street, till the old walls of the village were left behind them. They had hitherto followed tho broad highway, but now Gertrude struck off to the loft, and up a small hillock, from which could bo seen the illuminated doors and windows of the inn. Hera sha stood still, held out her hand to Arnold, and said earnestly-" Commend mo to your mother. Farowell." "Gertrudo,''ho cried, ingrcat agitation, "why do you seud mo from you like this in the mtddto of the night? Have I said ono word to hurt you ?" " No, Arnold,"she replied, for the first time calling him hy name ; " It ls becauso I care for you that you must go." " But I am not going to let you go back alonoin tho dark through tho village," said Arnold entreatingly. " You do not know how I love you, or the hold that you have taken on my heartin these few hours. You do not know-" "Say no more," interrupted Gertrude, hastily; "we will not take leave of saab Other. When the clock has struck twolvu-and it hardly wants ten minutos to ft- then come back to tho door of the inn. There I wilt wait for- you." "And till then-' " Till then remain whore you are. Promise rae that you wilt »ot take ti step, olther to tho right or to thc left, lill lt bas stjrucjk twelve." "I promise. Gertrude : but thon i" " Then come," sho said, hold outlier hand, und turned to go. " Gertrude I" lie cried. In tho lona >if tlia most bitter grief. Sho hesitated one instant, then suddenly turned to him again, threw her arms rcund his neck, and ho felt har ley lips mussed to bis awn. 'Twas but for one moment ; tile uoxt sho lind tore her- self away and fled to the village, and Arnold remained filled with wonder mid excitement, bnt compelled by lils promise to stay on the spot where shu had left him. Now, for the first time, ho observed how the wcathorhad changed in the last few hours. Tho wind howled in tho trees, tho heavens were covered witli wild hurrying clouds, and several largo rain- drops gave warning of a coming storm. The lights from tho inn shone brightly through the darkness, and occasional gusts of tito wind brought tho broken sound of orchestra to lils cars, but not for lon?. He had not been loft alone many minutes before tho old clock struck twolvu. In tho same moment the music ceased, ar was overpowered hy the raging storm, which broko overhead so fiercely that Arnold was forced to crouch on the earth to avoid being blown oil his foot. As ho did so, ho felt the bundle Gertrudo had brought from tba house. It was lils knapsack and portfolo. He started up again in terror. The hour had struck, tile wind howled as fiercely os ever, hut not a light was any longer to bo scon in thc vllhjgo Even tho dogs, which up to this time hail been harking and howling, wera now silent, and thick damp clouds rose up out of tho valley. "The limo is up," muttered Arnold, aa ho throw bia knapsack over his shoulder, " and I must seo Gcrtrudo once moro, for I can- not part with her Uko this. I ho dance is over, and everybody must be going homo ; if the justice will not accommodate me for tho night I must stny at tho inn, I shall never lind my way through tho forest In tho dark." Carefully ho descended tho little eminence up which Gcrtrudo had brought him, to return to thc broad high-road which led Into the village, but In vain did lie grupo among tho bushes to lind it. Tho ground hud becomo soft and boggy, and In his thin boots ho sa'ik up to his ancles (n mud, while a denso thicket ot alders pre- sented Itself everywhere instead of the firm path. Ho could never have crossed it in the dark ; lie must lind It If ho wont on, and be- sides, he knew that thu old wall af the vlllußo was just below, that he could not miss. But with all his pains ho lought in vaia s the lather bi BtttRipttá t9 50 th; tenn ni tnor» negfy bicíin» tb*. ground, the bushes gre* thicker, »nit ID full of brim that bli clothes wera torn, nnd lila hunda streamed with blood. Com los from the village had ho taken the right or the left r He was af raltj to bewilder hlmaelf still further, and having found a tolerably dry spot, he reiolvcd to remain there until tho clock had struok one Uut lt atruuk no moro ; not a dog howled, or » singlo human sound roached him, and with pain nnd dlfllculty, wot through, and ahlvoi ? lng with cold, lie struggled nt last back ta the hillock where Ger- trude had left him. Twice from that apot he again attempted tu pierce tho thicket and lind thu village, but to no purpose. Com- pletely exhausted, and Ulled with indescribable dread, he gave il up at last and sought the shelter of a tree, under which to pass the night. Slowly, very slowly, passed the hours, for he was much too cold to hope for a moment's sleep. Every instant lie was starting up to listen, fancying thai ho could bear tho clang of tho old bell again, but always Uncling hlmsolf mistaken. At length the first glimmer appeared In the cast ; the clouds had dlsporsed, tho sky waa clear and starry, thc half-awakened birds chirped among tho trees, and as tho daylight increased he was able to recognise his position. But vain woro his cagor glances In search of tho brown old church towor and tho weather-worn roofs. Nothing but a thicket of aldorá Interspersed with a few stunted willows, extended on every side. Not a path was to be seen either right or left, nor any trace that a human dwelling was in tho neighbourhood. Tho drat rays of thc sun now broke over thc valley, and Arnold, determined to get at the bottom of the mystery, walked back a considerable part ot tho way he had come yesterday, lie must, he thought, have missed his road, and have got gradually further from it in the dark, and happen what may, ho could find lt now. Presently he came to tho stono whero ho had takon Ger- trude's likeness-that spot he would have known among a thousand. Ile now knew exactly tho way he had gone and tho direction in which Gcrmelshausen lay, and walked hastily back into tho valley by the road which he had taken with Gertrude. Here he recognised the spot over which he had aeon the thick smoke; nothing but an alder-bush coucealcd tho drat houses from him-lt was nil right now. Ho reached it, forced his way through, and found himself in the samo boggy morass through which he had been struggling in tho night. Hardly believing his own sonses, he tried to force a pas sago, but so wet was the swamp that he was obliged to return to the dry land. Thc village had disappeared. In this useless search many hours had passed, and his weary limbs failed him entirely. Ho could do no moro, and he must rest ; at the llrst village that ho reached ho could easily ask for a guide to Gcrmelshausen, and take caro not to miss his road uguln. Tired to death, ho threw himself under a tree-a deplorable object in his best clothes, it must be confered, but that troubled him little. Ho took out lils portfolio, and from it Gertrude's portrait -gazing sorrowfully on lier beloved features. Of the deep Impres- sion they had made on his heart he was now for tho drat time aware Tho boughs parted behind 1dm, a dog sprang forward, and, as he hastily started up, he saw an old forrester standing near, and looking at him .with considerable curiosity. " God greet you," cried Arnold, rejoiced to see ahuman faco. and thrusting the drawing back into bis portfolio. " 1 am very glad tosce you, friend, for i believo I have lost my way." " Hem," eald the old man, " I thin* so too, if you have been all night anions the bushel, and Billstedt, with a good inn, not half a mile olf. Blcas my heart, you look as if you Gad been up to your neck among thc thorns and bog." " You know the forest well, tuen?" asked Arnold. " Battier," laughed thc other, as he struck a light for his pipe. " What is the name of the next village ?" " Billsteil-just out yonder. Go up that little hill, and yon will ace it lie just below you." " And how far is it to Gcrmelshausen f " " Wlicrt. t" asked the forester, taking his pipe from his month. '. To Gerniclsbaujcn f " Upon ray word," said the old man, looking keenly at him, "I know the forest well enough, but how mun; fathoms deep In thc earth the 'Enchanted Village' hes, God only knows, and it does not concern ns." " The enchanted village t" cried Arnold. " Germelahansen-yes, exnetly," said the forester. " Where the bog is nov, with the old willows and alders, it is said to have stood ?nany hundred years ago, after which it sank down, nobody knows why or where ; and the story goes-that every hundred years, on a certain day, it returns to the light, though no Christian would wish tb comeuponitby tecident. But, I tell y ou what, this sleeping among the bushes does not seem to have agreed with you-you look os if you had seen a ghost. Take a pull at my flask, it will do you good Bown with lt," " Much obliged." " Oh, that was not half enough Try lt again ; ita tho right sort of stuff I can tell you. And now make haste on to your inn, and get into a warra bcd." " At Dillstedt'r" " Yes, of course; there is no nearer." " And Gcrmelshausen ?" . " Bo mu thc favor not to mention that place again just on this par- ticular spot. Leave tho dead in peuce, aud especially those who are said to have no peace, und may be standing invisibly between us now." " But yesterday," aaid Arnold, who could command himself no longer, " yesterday the village stood here; I was in it-eat, drunk, and danced there." J he forester looked at thc young man from head to foot ; then replied, with a smile, " Yes, but it had another name, Iiad'at it ?" There was a dance at Billstedt yesterday, and mine host brews such strong beer that you might well lose your way." For all reply, Arnold opened his portfolio, and took out the sketch he had made from the chun byard. " Do you know that village ?" " No, said thc forester, shaking his head ¡ *' there is no such town as that in the whole neighbourhood." " That is Gcrmelshausen. And do your young peasant girls dress like this girl 1" ' H'm ! no ; I cannot say they do. But what a strange fuñera, procession you have there.'' I Arnold mauc uo answer; he returned the sketches ta his portfolio, heaving a deep sigh. " You can't mistake the road to Billstedt," said the forester, kindly, for a suspicion crossed his mind that thc stranger waa not quite right in his head ; but I will go with you if you like j it will not take mc much out of my way." _ 'ihank you," replied Arnold, " I can easily find it myself. Then it is only once in a hundred years that the villugc rc-appcars ?" " ¡So people suy," returned the forester. " \V hellier it ls truo or not la more than 1 cnn tell you. Arnold resumed lila knapsack. " God be with you," hu said to thc Iforester, holding out lila hand, " And «¡th you," replied the other. "Where oro you going now?" " To Billstedt." " That's right. Just beyond that little hill you will come upon tho broad road." Arnold turned away, and walked slowly on till he ruached thc summit of the hill. There he could see tho whole valley: he stopped ? abort and looked buck. Farewell, Gertrude," murmured he, softly, and went down the hill, the tears gushing from lila eyes 