iBene uii th? Wave- iUBneftth'tho vravo. uprn a cc ral bed of ocean, lay A tomb-like »bip,4he wonders of the great profound ? among, ' In sea so clear 'hat ' y tbe upper ligbt of day ? A diver fonhd its e«il.in, saw a gbastly ghost-like : throng; . PVnnrtAnn.nfl in Vila lAnnrmsMnn %^n*A brave, ? Strange sights he -of t' bad seen beneath tbe lonely sea} -Bat snch a spic'scfle as that -undor the —? vntal wave ' -Too much for fevered :brain, -a xaarreUons tsoape 'bad he; The occupat:on of diver » one requiring veiolatum, ncrrve,8trength,-exposQd to, ayp-,^eset with -danger, far more so than is generally supposed. Tbe following narrative will give: those who are niat quainted with, oi who have not considered the subject, an idea of tbe perils a diver has to encounter, the close contact with' death 'beneath the wave ' to which be is occasionally exposed, the nerve required toenable him to undergo trying ordeals, the extent to which his power of endurance is not un frequently tared, and though last not least, the effect on the system of great and sudden ohange of temperature, &o.;, When Buddenly emerging from below the world of waters to tbe world above. . ... . . One of our ore w was an American, who had followed the occupation of diver in various parts ot the Globe ; be had met with many curious incidents, and seen many wonderlnl objects. One night 1 observed him pacing the deck slowly, thought fully. Ned, said I, are you thinking of the time you lived under water ? Not a bad guess, be zeplied ; I was, and of an affair that nearly caused roy death uuder water, a spectacle wliioh often preseats itself, and occasionally haunts me even during sleep. Strange, I obai rved, but it will near off. 1 have heard of tbe cironmstaace, though not from yourself. Well, said he, if you desire to bear, I will relate it now, but I do wish tbat I cou'd forget it altogether. It is, not uncommon, I remarked, for .even trifling events to take firm hold, to strike deep root in. tbe imagination, from some cause or other unaccount able to ourselves ; therefore it is not at all a matter of surprise so startling and remarkable an adventure as yours should trouble the mind, ? and retain its hold on memory. He then related to me the following story, and as the night was fine, the wind steady and fair, duty did not interrupt \- tbe recital j even the man at tbe wheel had an easy time, little exertion being required to - keep the vessel on its course ? I was engaged to go down to a Spanish steamer which had been run into by a large ship one dark and etormy night, and suddenly sunk with all on board, off Matanzjs, island of Cuba. One morning we supposed ourselves over the wreok ; the water was clear and about fifteen fathoms, or . ninety feet. I had been ailing for some time previously, and that day felt particularly ferverish ' and ill ; however, I went down, but bad to ascend and descend several times before I found the wreek, which lay in a beautiful basin or ohasm of snow white coral, in shape not unlike ' a t graviog dook,' and formed part of a vast reef Which extended far away in overy direotion ; tbe . water was so clear I could see probably a hundred yards or more around. In some parts the bottom was as hard and level as a . macadamised road, with here and there deep hollows or pits, in other places soft, sandy, or pebbly. I walked over submarine meadows, now stumbled along rough, rocky places, anon I tripped it over substance „? /reminding one of asphalte pavement. Immense v formations or struotures of white and red coral resembling ruins, round which aquatic plants clustered or bung in elegant festoons, rivalling \- ' the ivy and vines of tbo land j domes, towers, ~ minarets, arches, vast caverns, and a thousand \- different forms appeared. It did not require great effort of tbe mind to people them with imaginary beings, such as mermaids, tritons, &o.;, \- indeed, it woald have added but little to my surprise, to have confronted old Neptune, Amphitrite, chariot, oceanic attendants, and . amphibious steeds. Heaps of shells, some of immenseB size, many rare, strange, and beautiful, lay scattered at tbo bottom of the deep ; great beds of tbe pearl and many other wonderful bivalves. It is an astonishing plaoe, I can tell yon, that world beneath the waves. I felt as if in fairy realm, but it was dangerous, very dangerous, a complete labyrinth of coral and lubmarine vegetation. Tbere were shrubberies and dwarf like trees, luxuriant plants and flowers. Flowers 1 1 exclaimed, astonished. Yes, flowers, he replied, many wculd term them weeds, but I Bay flowers, and bo would you bad you seen tbem ? as I did in all their beauty and freshness, not like the miserable ' sea tang ' which is thrown or washed on the rooks and boaoh, all the world over, bat an endless Variety of boautiful plants and flowers } believe mej ' there aro Sowers in the sea.' Fish of all sorts abd siSes were there, and some curions creatures, I imagined to be more like fiends than fiih ; two or threo of them same to take stock of me, but on being pfobed with my pike, ' mada tracks,' nnd hooked it. With much i!:ffii;u!ty I got up the side o!' the wreok» and ob to tho deck, found my way to the cabin or saloon. door ; it was partially open but jammed. I proceeded cautiously to get through, when from behind tho door, d sturbedby my entrance, tho body of a man in white shirs -ind trousers, the flesh banging in bits about his fact-, 1 came right up againBt me, seeming to make a «ort of motion with his arms and head as if to ? invite me io, then disappeared. I paused ; this I is trying work, said I to myself, but here goes j and I entered the cabin. Strango to tell the . water there was olear as crystal. Imagine my j surprise, my feelings, on beholding around me many bodies, some on the floor as if they slept, others reolining ogaiost the cushioned seats of the cabin, attired, partially attired, and naked | men, women, and chilJren, most of them in a remarkable state of preservation ; the heads and limbs of some moving, or, at all events, appearing to move, with the agitated water. I saw mysell reflected, helmet included, in the mirrors which yet adorned this sceno of death under the waters, and for a while could not imagine what the object was. Corpses were around meinvarious.attitudes and strange attire ; talk of the grave, tbo silent dead, tbere was a tomb, I was ' down amoDg the dead/' and gazed awe strioken ; while I gazed an indescribable feeling crept through me. I thought I was dying, felt a sensation of sickening exhaustion, but knew if I fell senseless there my grave and death mates were about me. Making a desperate dash for the door, reached it, got out, made the signal, and remember no more. It was nearly three weeks afterwards when I returned to consciousness, and found mysoif an inmate of the hospital in Havanah. Had yon not any reoolleo tion or sense of what occurred in the meantime, I inquired. Not the least, to me the interval was total in vion ; the dread spectre which last met my gaze was the first to present itself to my imagination, then came a bewildering sensation of soiioitudeas to what bad happened, where I was, and how I got there, a feeling of anxiety as to whether I was yet an inhabitant of the terrestrial globe, or a wandering spirit in tbo eternal world or soul ; a state of mind far beyond my pewer to desoribe. My first resolution on partial recovery was to relinquish the occupation of diver, and will never again in tbat capacity be caught ' Beneath the wave.' — Shadows of the Past ; J. S. W., Wollongong , 