ROLAND YORKE. BY THE AUTHOR OF " EAST LYNNE" CHAPTER XXIV. A PRIVATE INTERVIEW. Estate and Coi\fula\UaU Cuff Court, off Fleet-street, No. 1, October the twenty-second. MR. BEDE GREATOREX. Sir-As small leaf has been turned over in the matter of your cheque, lost mysterious in June last. Leastways, in something that might turn out to be connected with it. Remembering back orders, and wishing to act in accordance with the same, I'd be glad to hold a short interview with you, and would wait upon you at any hour or place you may appoint. Or if it suited your convenience to come to me, I am to be found as above this evening, and to- morrow evening, after 7 o'clock Your obedient servant, JONAS BaTTERY. The above note, amidst two or three other letters, reached Mr. Bede Greatorex about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. He happened to be at his desk in the front room, and was giving some directions to Mr. Brown, who stood by him. As Bede ran his eyes over the lines, a deep flush, a frown, followed by a sickly paleness, overspread his face. Mr. Brown, looking at him quite by accident, remarked the signs of pleasurable emotion, and felt curious to know what the news could be that had caused it. He had, however, no opportunity for prolonged observation, for Bede, carrying the letter in his hand, went into his room and shut the door. The note angered Bede Greatorex as well as troubled him. Who was this Butterby, that he should be continually crossing his peace ? What brought the man to London-the had gone back to Helstonleigh in the summer, and had never, so far as Bede knew, come up from it since. Was he, Bede, ere he had been a couple of weeks home from his continental holiday, to be followed up by this troublesome detective, and his life made a worry again - In the moment's angry impulse, Bede sat down to his desk table and began dashing off an area or, to the effect that he could not accord an interview to Mr. Butterby. But the pen was arrested ere it had completed the first line. Self- preservation from danger as a feeling implanted more or less strongly within us all. What if this persistent officer, denied to him, betook himself and his news to Mr. Greatorex ? Bede was as innocent in" regard to the purloining of the cheque, and certainly as ignorant of the really guilty party as Butterby could be; he had refunded the forty-four pounds with anything but a hand of gratification j but nevertheless there were grave reasons why the matter should not bore-opened to his father. Catching up the letter, he paced the carpet for a moment or two in deep thought : halted by the window, and read it again. " Yes, I'll see him it will be safer," said he, with decision. He wrote a rapid note, appointing 11 o'clock the next morning for the interview, at his own office. And then again paused as he was folding it; paused in deliberation. " Why not go to him ?" spoke Bede Greatorox, his eyes fixed on the opposite wall as if he thought the map there could solve the query, "Yes, I will I'll go to-night. That's safest of all." Noting down the given address, he held Mr. Buttorby's letter and his own two answers, por fect and imperfect, over the grave, lighted a match, and burnt them to ashes. There was no use; the weather was uncertain, warm to-day, sold to-morrow, and the fire was sometimes let go out in a morning as soon as lighted. Evening care. And at ten minutes past 7 Bede Greatorex was on the search for Mr. Butterby. "Cuff Court, off Fleet-street," He did not know Cuff Court and supposed that >' Off Fleet-street " might indicate some returning or winding beginning in that well-known thoroughfare, and ending it was hard to say where. Bede, however, by dint of inquiry found Cuff Court at last. No. 1 had the ap- ' pearance of a small private house ; as in fact it was. The great Butterby generally lodged there when he came to town ; the people residing in it were connections of his and accommodated him it was, as he remarked, " convenient to places." Bede was shown upstairs to a small sitting room. At a square table, examining some papers taken from his open pocket-book, by the light of two gas burners over head, sat Jonas Buttorby ; the same thin wiry man as over, apparently the same black coat, plaid trousers, and buttoned up waistcoat ; with the same green observant eyes, and generally silent lips. He pushed the papers and pocket-book away into action when his visitor appeared, and rose to receive him. "Take a seat, sir," he said, handing a chair by the hearth opposite to his own, and stirring the bit of fire in the grate " You don't object to this, I hope j it ain't hardly fire-time yet but a morsel looks cheery at night." I like it," said Bede. He put his hat on a side-table, and unbuttoned a thin overcoat he wore, ashes at down, throwing it a little back from the flue white shirt-front, but did not take off his lavender gloves. It had always struck Mr. Butterby that Bede Greatorex was one of the finest and most gentlemanly men who know, invariably dressed well ; it had struck him that far-off time at Helstonleigh when they met over John Ollivera's death chair, and it struck him still. But he was looking ill, were, anxious and the detective, full of observation by habit, could not fail to see it. "I'm uncommon glad you've come in, Mr. Bede Greatorox. From a fresh turn some business I'm engaged on how took to-day, I'm not sure but I shall have to go back to Helstonleigh the first thing in the morning. Shall know by last post to-night." " Are you living in London ?" " Not I. I come up to it only yesterday, expecting to stop a week or EO. NOW I find I may have to go back to-morrow the chances about equal one way and t'other. But if I do, I should not have got to see you this time, sir, and must have come up again for it." I felt very much inclined to say I'd not see you," answered Bede, candidly. " We are busy just now, and I would a great deal rather let the whole affair relating to the cheque drop entirely than be at the trouble of taking it up again. The loss of the money has been ours, and, of course, we must put up with it. I began a note to you to this effect ; but it struck me while I was writing that you might possibly be carrying your news to my father." " No, I ' shouldn't have done that. It concerns you, so to say, worse than him. Been well lately, Mr. Bede Greatorex ?" " As well as I usually am. Why ?" " Well, sir, you're looking, if I might make bold to say it, something like a shudder. Might almost see through you," "I have been doing too much lately. Mrs. Bede Greatorex and myself were on the continent for two mouths, rushing about from kingdom to kingdom, and from place to place, seeing the wonders, and taking what the world calls a holiday which is more wearing than any hard work," Bede condescended to explain, but in rather a haughty tone for he thought it did not lie in the detective's legitimate province to offer remarks upon him. " In regard to business, Mr. Butterby, unless you have anything very particular to communicate, I would really rather not hear it. Let the affair drop." " But I should not be doing my duty either way, to you or to myself, in letting it drop," returned Butterby. "If anything worse turned up later, I might get called over the coals for it at head-quarters." " Be so good as hasten over what you have to say, then," said Bede, taking out his watch and looking at it, with anything but marked courtesy. It produced no effect on Mr. Butterby. If his clients chose to be in a hurry, he rarely was. But in his wide experience, bringing, as he generally did all keen observation to bear, he felt convinced of one thing that the gentleman before him dreaded the communication he had to make, and, for that reason and no other, wished to shun it. " When that cheque was lost in the summer, Mr. Bede Greatorex, you did me the honor to put a little matter into my hands, confiding to me yet a confident opinion that one of your clerks must have been the purloiner of it, if not on his own score on somebody else's that he was acting for you asked me to give an eye privately to the four. Not having got any satisfactory news from me up to the present time, you have perhaps thought that I've been neglecting the charge, and let it fall through." Oh, if it concerns them, I'll be glad to hear you !" briskly spoke Bede Greatorex and to the acute ear listening, the tone seemed to express relief as well as satisfaction. " Have you found out that one of them did take it ?" " Not exactly. What I have found out, though, tells me that it is not improbable" "Go on, please," said Bode, impatiently. "Was it Hurst?" " Now, don't you jump to conclusions in haste, Mr. Bede Greatorex and you must just pardon me for giving you the advice. It's a good rule to be observed in all cases; and if you'd been in my part of the law as long as I have you'd not need to be told it. My own opinion was that young Hurst was not one to help himself to money, or anything else that wasn't his but of course, when you--" " Stop an instant," interrupted Bede Greatorex, starting up as a thought occurred to him, and looking round in alarm. "This house is small, the walls are no doubt that ; can we be overheard ?" You may sit down again in peace., sir," was the phlegmatic answer. " It was a child of twelve or so showed you up, wasn't it ?" " Yes," " Well, except her, and her missis-who is as deaf as a stone post, poor thing, though she is my cousin there's not a living soul in the house. The husband and son never get home till 10. As to the walls, they are seven times thicker than some modern ones, for the old house was built in substantial days. And if not trust me for being secure and safe, and my visitors too, wherever I may stop, Mr. Bede Greatorex." " It was for Hurst's sake I spoke," said Bede, in the light of a rather lame apology. " It may suit me to hush it up, even though you tell me he is guilty." "When you desired me to look after your clerks, and gave me your reasons which I couldn't at first make top nor tail of, and am free to confess have not got to the bottom of yet my own judgment was that young Hurst was about the least likely of all to be guilty," pur A sued the officer, in his calmest and coolest manner " However, as you persisted in your opinion, I naturally gave in to it, and looked up Hurst effectually, or got him looked up, which amounts to the same thing." " Without imparting any hint of my reasons for it ?" again anxiously and imperatively interrupted Bede Greatorox. And it Bottled the detective. " I'd like to ask you a question, Mr. Bede Greatorex, and to have it answered, sir. Do you think I should be fit for my post unless I had more 'cute discretion about me than ordinary folks, such as-excuse me-you ? Why, my whole work, pretty nigh, is made up of ruses und secrecy, and throwing people off on wrong Scents. Says I to my friendship that I set about the job-' that young Mr. Hurst has been making a undesirable acquaintance, quite innocent lately ; he may get drawed into unpleasant consequences afore he knows it and as I've a respect for his father, a most skilful doctor of physic, I should like to warn the young man in time, if there's danger. You just turn him inside out ; watch all he does, and all he doesn't do, and let me know it.' Well, sir, Hurst was turned inside out, so to say ; if we'd stripped his skin off him, we couldn't have seen more completely into his in and self and his doings than we did see ; and the result was (leastways, the opinion I came to, that I was right and you were wrong. He had no more hand in the taking of that there cheque, or in any other part of the matters you hinted at, than this pocket book hero of mine had. And when I tell you that, Mr. Bede Greatorex, you may believe it." A short silence ensued. Bodo Greatorox's left elbow rested on the table is his hand, the glove off now, was pressing his temple as if in reflective thought, the beautiful diamond ring on his little finger glittering in the gaslight. His mother had given the ring to him when she was dying, expressing a hope that he would wear it always in remembrance of of her. It appeared to Bede almost as a religious duty to obey, though few men hated ornaments, in connection with himself, so much as he His eyes were fixed on the fire; Mr. Butterby on him. " Well, Mr. Greatorox, Hurst being put out of the field, I naturally went on to the others. Jenner, I never suspected at all, 'twas not him I and I felt morally sure, in spite of his impu- dence to me, that this time it was not Roland Yorke Notwithstanding, I looked a little after both those gents and I found that it was not either of 'em." "What do you mean by this time' in connection with Mr. Yorke ?" inquired Bode, catching up the words, which perhaps had been an inadvertent slip. Buttorby coughed. But he was not a bad man at heart, and had no intention of doing gratuitous damage even to impudent Roland. "Oh well, come, Mr. Bede Greatorex a young fellow who has been out on spec to Port Natal, seeing all sorts of life, is more likely, you know, to tumble into scrapes than steady natured young fellows who have never been let go beyond their mothers' apron-strings." " True," assented Bodo Greatorox. "But in spite of his travelling experiences, Roland Yorke appears to me to be one of the most un- sophisticated young men I know, in the ways of a bad world he is as a very holy." " He is just one of them shallow-natured, simple-minded chaps that never will be bad," pronounced Butterby, " except in the matter of impudence He has got enough of that to set up trading on in Cheapside What she'd have been, but for having got pulled up by a unpleasant check or two, I'm not prepared to say. Well, sir, them three being disposed of-Hurst, Jenner, and Yorke there remained only Mr. Brown, your manager. And it is about him I've had the honor to solicit an interview with you." Bede turned his eyes inquiringly from the fire to Mr. Butterby. " You said from the first you did not suspect Mr. Brown. No more did I. You thought it couldn't be him he had been some years with you, and his honesty and faithfulness had been sufficiently tested. I'm sure I had no reasons to think otherwise, except one. I could not find out anything about Mr. Brown prior to some three or four years back ; his appearance on the stage of life, so to say, seemed to date from them. However, sir, by your leave, we'll put Brown aside for a minute, and go on to other people." Mr. Butterby paused, almost as though he expected his hearer to give the love in words. Bede said nothing, only waited in evident curiosity, and the other resumed. " There was a long-established firm in Birmingham, Johnson and Teague. Accountants ostensibly, but did a little in bill-broking and what not honest men, well thought of, very respectable Johnson who had succeeded his father) was a man under forty; Teague was old. Old Teague had never married, but he had a great-nephew in the office, Samuel Teague ; had brought him up, and loved him as the apple of his eye. A nice young fellow in public, a wild spendthrift in private ; that's what Sam Teague was. His salary was two hundred a year, and he lived free at his uncle's residence, outside Birmingham. His spending were perhaps four hundred beyond the two. Naturally he came to grief. Do you take me, Mr. Bede Greatorex ?" " Certainly." " In the office, one of its clerks, was a young man named George Winter. A well-brought-up young fellow too, honest by nature, trusted, and much thought of. He and young Teague were uncommonly intimate Now, how much blame was due to Winter I'm not prepared to say j but when Samuel Teague, to save himself from some bother, forged a bill on the office, and got it paid by the office, Winter was implicated. He'd no doubt say, if you asked him, that he was dragged into it innocently, did say it in fact ; but he had been the one to hand over the money, and the firm and the world looked upon him as the worse of the two. When the fraud was discovered, young Teague decamped. Winter, in self-defence and to avert consequences, went straight the same afternoon, which was a Saturday, to old Teague's private residence, and there made a clean breast of young Teague's long course of misdoings. It killed old Teague." " Killed him !" repeated Bede, for the detec- tive made a slight pause " Yes, sir, killed him. He had looked upon his nephew up to that time as one of the saints of this hero middle world and the shock of finding him more like an angel of the lower one touched old Teague's heart in some vital spot, and killed him. He had a sort of fit, and died that same night. The next day, Sunday, young Winter was missing. It was universally said that he had made his way to Liverpool, in the track of Samuel Teague-for that's where folks thought he had gone with a view of getting away to America. Both were advertised for both looked upon as alike criminal. And it was for such a paltry sum they had proved themselves only a little over one hundred pounds ! Time went on, and neither of 'em was over traced ; perhaps Mr. Johnson, when he had a cooled down from his first anger, was willing to let Sam Teague be, for the old man's sake, and so did not press the search. Any way Samuel Teague is now in open business in New York, and doing well." " And the other Winter ?" "Ah, it's him I coming to," significantly to sumed Mr. Butterby. "It seems that Winter i never went after the other at all. In the panic of finding old Teague had died, and that no quarter was to be expected from Johnson (as it wasn't then) he took a false name, put on false hair and whiskers, and stole quietly off by train on the Sunday afternoon, carrying a shirt or two in a blue bag. It was to Helstonleigh he went, Mr. Bede Greatorex, and he called himself Godfrey Pitman." Bede Greatorox started from his seat. Up to that period he had been perfectly calm interested of course, but as if in something that did not concern him. " Yes, sir, Godfrey Pitman. The same that was in Mrs. Jones' house at the time of Mr. Ollivera's death,- the man that Helstonleigh made so much mystery of; who was, so to say, accused of the murder. And Godfrey Pitman, sir, or George Winter, whichever you may please to call him, is one and the same with your managing clerk, Mr. Brown !" ?' No !" shouted Bede Greatorex. I say YES, sir. The very self-same man." Bede Greatorex, looking forward in a kind of wild manner over Mr. Butterby head against the opposite wall, seemed to be revolving with- in him various speculations connected with the disclosure " Why Brown has always--." He brought the words to a sudden standstill. " Brown has always unpleasantly puzzled mc," had been on the tip of his tongue. But he let the words die away unspoken, and a sickly hue overspread his features. Taking his eyes from the wall and turning them on the fire, he sat OR before, his brow pressed on his fingers, quite silent, after the manner of a man who is dreaming. " I see the disagreeable doubt that is working within you, Mr. Bede Greatorex," remarked the observant detective, upon whom not a sign was lost. " You are ready to say now it was Pitman did that there deed at Helstonleigh." "How did you find out all this about-him?" asked Bede Greatorex. " Well, I got a clue accidental. Don't mind saying so. I was about some business lately for a gentleman in Birmingham, named Foster, and in a packet of letters be put into my hand to look over, I found a note from George Winter, written from your office this past summer. It was just one of those curious chances that don't happen often for Mr. Foster had no notion the letter was the thought he had destroyed it. It was but a line or two, and them of so moment, but it showed me that Brown and George Winter was the same man, and I soon wormed out his identity with Godfrey Pitman." " Johnson and Co. will be for prosecuting him, I suppose ?" observed Bede, still as if he were dreaming. " No," said Mr. Buttorby. " I've BOOH John- son and Co. : leastways Johnson. In regard to that past transaction of theirs, his opinion has changed, and he thinks that Winter, though culpably careless, and unpardonably blind as to the faith he reposed in Samuel Teague, had not himself any guilty knowledge. Anyway, Winter has been doing what he can since to repair mis- chief: been living on a crust and working night and day, to transmit sums periodically to John- son in an anonymous manner except that he just let it be known they came from him, but giving no clue to where he was, or how he gained them-with a view to wipe off the money Som Teague robbed them of. Teague has been doing the same from his side the Atlantic," added Mr. Buttorby with a knowing laugh ; " so that Johnson, as he says, is paid twice over." " Then they don't prosecute ?" " Not a bit of it. And I'm free to confess that, taking in all aspects of affairs Brown's good conduct since, and the probability that Sam Teague was the solo offender-the man has shown himself in all ordinary pecuniary interests, just as honest and trustworthy as here and there one." " Did he-" Bede Greatorox hesitated, stopped, and then went on with his sentence " take my cheque ?" " That must be left to your judgment, sir. I've no cause myself to make sure of it. The letter to Foster was written about the time the cheque was lost, or a few days later ; it made an allusion to money, Brown saying he was glad to be out of his debt, but whether the debt was pounds or shillings I've no present means of knowing. Foster wouldn't answer me a syllable was uncommonly savage at his own care lessness in letting the letter got amid the others. Living close and working hard, Brown would have money in hand of his own without touch- ing yours, Mr. Bede Greatorex." Bede nodded. " On the other hand, a man who has lain under a cloud is more to be doubted than one who has walked about in the open sunshine all his life. The presenter of that cheque at the bank had a quantity of black hair about his face, just as the false Godfrey Pitman had on his at Helstonleigh. But it would be hardly fair to suspect Brown on that score, seeing there's so many faces in London adorned with it natural." Again Bodo nodded in acquiescence " Of course, sir, if you choose to put it to the test, you might have Mr. Brown's face dressed up for it, and let the bank see him. Any way, 'twould set the matter at rest." "No," said Bede, quite sharply. "No, I should not like to do it. I never thought of Brown in the affair ; never. I can't don't think of him now." Did he not now think of him? Buttorby, with his keen ears, fancied the last concluding sentence had a false ring in it. " Well, sir, that lies at your own option. I've done my duty in making you acquainted with this, but I've no call to stir in it, unless you choose to put it officially into my hands. But there's the other and graver matter, Mr. Bede Greatorex." " What other ?" questioned Bede, turning to him. " That at Helstonleigh," said the detective " All sorts of notions and thoughts fanciful some of 'em come crowding through my mind at once I don't say that he had any hand in Mr. Ollivera's death ; but it might have been so and this that has now come out strengthens the suspicion against him. in some points, and weakens it in others. You remember the queer conduct of Alletha Rye at the time, sir-her dream, and her show-off at the grave-which I had the satisfaction of looking on at myself and her emotion altogether ?" Bodo Greatorox replied that he did remain for it also remembered that he was unable to understand why it should have been so. But he spoke like one whose mind is far away, as if the questions bore little interest, " George Winter and Alletha Rye were sweethearts : she used to live in Birmingham before she came to Helstonleigh. But for his getting into trouble, they'd soon have been married." " Oh, Sweethearts were they," carelessly observed Bode " She is a superior young woman." " Granted, sir. But thou superior women ain't a bit wiser nor better than others when their lovers is in question. Women have done mud things for their sakes nfore to-day and it strikes me now, that Alletha Rye was just screen ing him, fearing he might have done it. I don't see how also her madnesS and meaning is to be accounted for. On the other hand, it seems j uncommon droll that George Winter, hiding in ] that top room till he could got away, should set himself out to harm Mr. Ollivera, a man had never seen ; which was the view I took at the time" " and highly improbable," murmured Bede " Well, so I say and I can't help thinking he'll come out of the fiery ordeal sun-scorched." " What ordeal ?" " The charge of murder. Mr. Groatorox is safe to give him into custody upon it. I don't know that the Grand Jury would find a true bill." All in a moment, Bede's face took a ghastly look of four. It startled even the detective, as it was turned sharply upon him. And the voice in which he spoke was harsh and commanding. " This must not be suffered to come to the knowledge of my father." " Not suffered to come to his knowledge !" ochood Butterby, agape with wonder. " No, no ! You must not let him know that Brown B Godfrey Pitman. He must never be told that Pitman is found." " Why, heaven MOSS you, Mr. Bede Greatorex ! my honor has been engaged all along in the true ing out of Pitman. That one man has given me more in and trouble than any three. Wo detectives get hold of mortifying things as well as other people, and that's been one of mine. Now I've trapped Pitman I can't let the matter drop and I'm sure Mr. Greatorox won't." . Bede looked confounded. He opened his mouth to speak, and closed it again. " And if us two was foolish enough, there's another that wouldn't; that would almost make us answer for it with our lives," resumed the detective, in a low, impressive tone-" and that is Parson Ollivera." " I tell you, Buttorby, this must be hushed up," repeated Bede, his agitation unmistakable, I his voice strangely hollow. " It must be hushed up at any cost. Do nothing." " And if the person finds Pitman out for him- self?" asked Buttorby, his deep green eyes, shaded by their overhanging eyebrows, looking out steadily at Bede. " That is a contingency we have nothing to do with yet. Time enough to talk of it when it comes." " But, Mr. Bede Greatorex, if Pitman really was the-" " Hush ! Stay !" interrupted Bede, glancing round involuntarily, as if afraid of the very walls. " For heaven's sake, Butterby, let the whole thing drop ; now and for ever. There are interests involved in it that I cannot speak of- that must at all risks be kept from my fc father. I wish I could unburden myself of the whole complication, and lay the matter bare before you ; but I may not bring trouble on other people ? To accuse Pitman would re- open wounds partially healed ; it might bring worse than death amidst us." It truly seemed, bending over the table in his imperative, realistic earnestness, that Bede was longing to pour out the confidence he dared not give Buttorby, revolving sundry speculations in his mind, never took his eyes for an instant from the eager face " Answer me one question, Mr. Bede Groa l foreman' you don't mind doing it. If you know that Pitman was the slayer of your cousin, would you still screen him ?" " If I know if I thought that Pitman had done that evil dead, I would be the first to hand him over to justice," spoke Bede, breathing quickly. " I feel sure he did not." Buttorby paused. "Sir, as you have said so much, I think you should say a little more. It will be safe You've got, I see, some other suspicion." " I have always believed that it was one person did that," said Bede, scarcely able to speak for agitation. " If-understand motif it was not an accident, or as the jury brought it in, why then I think I suspect who and what it really was. Not Pitman." "Can the person be got at?" inquired Butterby. " Not for any practical use ; not for accusa- tion." " Is it any one of them I've heard mentioned in connection with the death ?" " No 2 neither you nor the world. Let that pass. On my word of honor I say to you, Mr'. Buttorby, that I feel sure Pitman had no hand in the matter for that reason, and for other involved reasons, I wish this information you have given me to remain buried ; a secret between you and me. I will take my own time and opportunity for discharging Mr. Brown. Will you promise this Should you have been involved in COBIS in any way, I will give you my cheque for the amount." " There has not been much cost as yet," re turned the detective, honestly. " We'll let that be for now. What you ask me is difficult, sir. I might got into trouble for it later at head- quarters." " Should that turn out to be the case, you can, in self-defence, bring forward my injunc- tions. Say I stopped proceedings." "Very well," returned Buttorby, after a pause of consideration. " Then for the present, sir, we'll say it shall Stand BO. Of course, if the thing is. brought to light through other folks I must be hold absolved from my promise" " Think you ; thank you truly, Mr. Butterby Bede Greatorex, the naturally haughty natured man, condescended to shake hands with the detective. Mr. Buttorby attended his in down stairs, and opened the door for him. It was after he had gained Fleet-street, that Bede come in contact with the shoulders of Roland Yorke, never noticing him, bearing on in his all-powerful abstraction, his face were, anxious, white, scared, like that of a man, us Roland took occasion to remark, who has met a ghost. Back up the stairs turned Mr. Buttorby, and sat down in front of the fire, leaving the gas burners to light up his back. There, with a hand on either knee, he recalled all the circumstances of John Ollivera's death with mental accuracy, and went over them one by one That done, he resolved surrounding interests in his silent way, especially the words that had just fallen from Bede Greatorox, one single sentence, during the whole of reverie, escaping his lips. "Was Louisa Joliffe out that evening, I wonder ?" And the clock of St. Clement Danes had moved on an hour and a quarter before he ever lifted his hands or rose from his Boat. CHAPTER XXV. DISAPPEARED. " I AM waiting for that, Mr. Yorke." But for the presence of Bodo Groatorox, who sat at his desk in the front office, Roland might have retorted on Mr. Brown that he might wait, for he felt in just as bad a home as it was well possible for Rolund or anybody else to fool. Ceasing his covert grumbling to Hurst, who had the convenient gift of listening and writing away by steam at one and the same time, Roland's pen resumed its task. Never since Rolund had joined the house of Groatorox and Greatorox did he remember it to have been so pressed as now, as far ID Bede's room was concerned. There was a sudden accumulation of work, and hands were short. Little Jenner had been summoned into Yorkshire by the illness of his mother, and Mr. Bede Greatorex had kindly said to him, " Don't hurry book if you find her in danger." They could not borrow help from the other side, for it happened that a clerk there was also absent. Thus it full out that not only Mr. Brown had to stay in the office the previous night until a late hour, but he detained Roland in it as well, besides warning that gentleman that he must take twenty minutes for his dinner at present, and no more. This was altogether an intense grievance, considering that Roland had fully purposed to devote a large amount of leisure time to Arthur Channing. One whole day;, and this one getting towards its close, and Rolund had not set eyes on Arthur. Since the moment when he left him at the door of the hotel in Norfolk-street, the last evening but one, Ro- land but neither soon nor heard of him. He was presenting this quite as much as the weight 1 of work for when his heart was really on gaged, anything like slight or neglect wounded it to the score- Somewhat of this feeling had ( set in on the first night. After startling the street and alarming the inmates of the house, through the bell and knocker, to find that I Arthur Channing had left his hotel and not come 1 to him, was as a very pill to Roland. He had been kept all closely at work linen, and Arthur I had not chosen to come in search of him, I I Whatever impression might have been made on the mind of Bodo Greatorox by the police officer's communication, now nearly two days' old, he could not but estimate at its true value the efficiency of Mr. Brown as a clerk. In on emergency like the present, Mr. Brown did that which Roland was fond of talking of-put his shoulder to the wheel. Whatever the demands of the office, Mr. Brown showed himself equal to them almost in his own person ; this, combined with his very excellent administrative qualities, rendered him invaluable to Bede Greatorex In a silent, undemonstrative kind of way, Mr. Brown had also for some months past been on the alert to watch for those mistakes, inadvertent neglects, forgetfulness in his master, which the reader has heard complained of. So far as he was able to do it, these were at once silently remedied, and nothing said. Bede detected this and he know that many a night when Mr. Brown stayed over hours in the office, working diligently, it was to repair some failure of his. Once, and once only, Bede spoke. "Why are you so late to-night, Mr. Brown?" he asked, upon going into the office close upon 10 o'clock and finding Mr. Brown up to his elbows in work. " I'm only getting forward for the morning, air," was the manager's quiet answer. But Bede, though he said no more, saw that the clerk had taken some unhappy error of his in hand, and was toiling to remedy it and avert trouble. So that, whatever might be Mr. Brown's private sins, Bodo Groa- today could scarcely afford to lose him. Once more, for perhaps the five hundredth time, Bede glanced from his desk at Mr. Brown opposite No longer need, though, was there to glance with any speculative view that had been set at rest. The eyes that had so mystified Bodo Groatorox, bringing to him an uneasy puzzling feeling, which wholly refused to offer date itself, tax his memory as he would, were at length rendered clear eyes to him. He know where and on what occasion he had seen them and if he had disliked and dreaded them before, he dreaded than ten times more now. " Ah, how do you do, Mr. Channing?" Bede, leaving his desk, had been crossing the office to his private room, when Hamish entered. They shook hands, and stood talking for a few minutes, not having met since Bode returned from his continental tour. Just as a change for the worse in Bodo struck Mr. Buttorby's keen eye, BO, as it appeared, did some change in Hamish Channing strike Bode " Are you well?" he asked. " As well as London and its hard work will let me he," replied Hamish, with one of his charming smiles, which really was gay and light, in spite of its tinge of sadness. " It is of no use to dream of green fields and blue waves when we cannot got to them, you know." " That's rest when you can sit down in the one and idly watch the other," remarked Bode " But to go scampering about for a month or two at railroad speed, neither body nor dye getting holiday, wears out a man worse than working on in London, Mr. Channing." With a slow, lingering gaze at Hamish's re fined force, which was looking strangely worn, and, so to say, othoroalizod, Bede passed on to his room. Hamish turned to the desk of Hurst and Rolund Yorke. " How are you ?" he asked of them con- jointly. " As well as cantankerous circumstances and people will let me be," was the cross reply of Roland, without looking up from his writing. Hamish laughed. " Just because I wanted a little leisure just now, I've got double work put upon my shoulders," went on Roland. " You remember that time at old Galloway's, Hamish, when Jenkins and Arthur were both away together, throwing all the work upon me ? Well, we've got a second edition of that here" " Who is away ?" inquired Hamish. " Little Jenner. And he is good for three of us any day in point of getting through work. The result is that Mr. Brown giving a defiant ned to the gentleman opposite-" keeps me at it like a slave. But for Arthur's being in London, I'd not mind some extra pressure, I'd be glad to oblige, and do it. Not that Arthur misses me, if one may judge by appearances," he continued in a duoply-injurod tone. " I would not be two days in a strange place without going to see after him." " Have you not seen Arthur, then?" inquired Hamish. " No, I have not soon him," retorted Roland, with emphasis. " He has been too much taken up with you and other friends, to think of me. Perhaps he has gone over to Gerald's interests and his theory is that I'm nobody worth know- ing. Mother Jenkins has had her host gown on for two days, expecting him. Live and learn and confound it all ! I'd have backed Arthur Channing for faith and truth against the world." Hamish laughed slightly : any such interlude as this in Round's generally busy nature amused him always. " You and I and Mrs. Jenkins are in the same box, old fellow, for Arthur has not been to me" "Oh, hasn't he?" was Roland's answer, delivered with what he meant to be lofty india for once, and an angry shake of the pen, which blotted his work all over. " In a case of Gerald, then. Perhaps he is taking him round to the Tower and the waxworks and the wild breathes I thought to do." I expect it is rather a case of business," remarked Hamish. " You know what Arthur is when he has work to do, that takes place of all else. Still I wonder he did not come round last night. We waited dinner until half-past 7." Rolund was occupied in trying to repair the damage he had wilfully made, and gave no answer. " I came in now to ask you for news of him, Rolund. Where is he staying ?" " Ho IIUB not called yet to see Annabel," broke in Roland. " And that I do think shameful." "Where is he staying ?" " Staying ! Why at the place in Norfolk-street. He told you where" "Yes," assented Hamish, " but he is not staying there. I have just come from the hotel now." " Who says he is not ?" " The people at the hotel." " Oh, they say that, do they ?" retorted Ro- land, turning his resentment on the people in question. They are nice ones to keep an hotel." " They say he is not there, and has not been there." "Then, Hamish, I can tell you that he is there. Didn't I take him down to it that night from your house, and see him safe in Didn't he order his missing portmanteau to be sent to the place as soon as it turned up ? They had better tell me that he is not there !" 'What they say is this, Boland. That Arthur went there, but left again the some night, never occupying his bed at all and they can give me no information as to where he is staying. I did not put many questions, but came off to you, thinking you would know his move- ments." " And that is just what I don't know. Arthur has not chosen to let me know. He is at the hotel safe enough : why, be was expecting letters and telegrams and all kinds of things there ! They have mistaken the name and given you the wrong answer." Hamish did not think this. He stood in silence, fooling a little puzzled. And in that moment a faint shadow, not of evil yet, but of something or other that was wrong, first dawned on his mind. "I want to find him said Hamish. "If it shall turn out that he is really not at the hotel and they can give me no information, I shall not know where to look for him or what to think. But for your being busy, Roland, I would have asked you to go back with me to Norfolk-street." Roland looked across at Mr. Brown, the light of eagerness illumining his face. He did not ask to go, but it was a strong silent appeal. Not that he had any doubt on the score of Arthur ; but the walking to Norfolk-street was in prospective a very delightful interlude to the evening's hard work. But no answering look of assent did he receive " We'd be back in an hour, Mr. Brown, and I'd set to work like a brick. Or in less than that if we take a cab," briskly added Roland. " I have some money to pay for one I've gone about since yesterday morning with a sovereign in my pocket, on the chance of standing treat for some sights in case I found the chance of going out with Arthur Channing. Didn't Mrs. J. read me a lecture on not spending it in waste when she handed it over !" " If you would promise to book within the hour, Mr. Yorke, and really set to work with a will you should go with Mr. Channing, was the manager's answer, who had of course heard the whole colloquy. In Round's present rest- less temper, he was likely to retard work more than to advance it, especially if denied the expedition to Norfolk-street : as nobody knew better than Mr. Brown. Roland could work with a will and no doubt would on his return, if allowed to go. So that it was policy to let him. " Oh, thank you, Brown that is generous," said he gratefully, as he looped off his stool and got his hat. " I'll work away till morning light for you if it's necessary, and make no mistakes," But Arthur was not found at the hotel in Norfolk-street. And the tale told there was rather a singular one. Of course Roland, darting in head-foremost in his impetuous way, demanded to see Mr. Arthur Channing, and also what they meant by denying that he was staying there. The waiter came forward in the absence of the principal, and gave them the few pal ticulars (ntl who know) that Hamish had not before stayed to askIn fact, Hamish had thought that Arthur must have taken some prejudice against the hotel and so quitted it for another. The following was the substance of the tale Mr. Arthur Channing had written from Hol- stonleigh to desire that a room should be prepared for him, and any letters that might come addressed to him be taken care of. Upon his arrival at the hotel (which must have been when Roland left him at it he was informed that his room was ready, and asked if he would like to see it. Presently he answered, and went into the coffee-room. The man (this same one tell- ing the story) left him in it reading his letters, after supplying him with writing materials, Arthur saying that when he wanted anything he would ring. It was an exceedingly quiet hotel, not much frequented at any time ; the three or four people staying in it were out that evening, so that Arthur was quite alone By and-by, the man said, he went in again, and found the room empty. From that time they had neither seen nor heard of Arthur. "Have you any idea how long he remained in, writing ?" asked Hamish. "No, sir. It might have been half-past 8 or so, when I came back into the room, and found him gone But I don't think he had written at all, sir, for the ink and things was on the table, just as I placed them ; they didn't seem to have been used." " Were many letters waiting for him ?" " Four or five, sir. And there was a bit of a mishap with one of them, sir, for which I am very sorry. In taking them out of the rock to give to him, Sir, I accidentally overlooked one, and left it in, so that Mr. Arthur Channing never had it. It's in there now." " Be so kind as to bring it to me" The man went for the letter, and gave it to HumiBli. It was in Charles Channing's handwriting, and bore the Marseilles post-mark. A proof that Charley had arrived there safely which was a bit of gladness for Hamish. " I suppose you willnotgrumble army opening this ?" he said to the man, with a smile, as he took out his card and handed it to him. " I am Mr. Arthur Channing's brother." " Oh, sir ! I can see that by the likenesS ; no need to tell it me," was the answer. " It's all right, sir, I'm sure. 'these other three letters have come since, Bar. The big one by this morning's post, the other two later." The big one, as the man called it was in Mr. Galloway a hand writing. That one Hamish did not feel at liberty to open, but the others he did, and thought the circumstances fully justified it. Running his eyes over Charles' first, he found it had been written on board, as the steamer was nearing Marseilles. It stated that he was feeling very much better for the voyage, and thought of staying quite a week in Paris as he come through it. So far, that was good DOWS and now Hamish opened the other two. Each of them, stated that morning, proved to be from a separate firm of solicitors in London, and contained a few brief words of inquiry why Mr. Arthur Channing had not kept the appointment with them on the previous day. Was Arthur lost, their Hamish felt startled to tremor. As to poor Roland, he could only stare in helpless wonder, and openly lament that he had been such a w picked jackanapes as to attribute unkindness to Arthur. " When I know in my heart he was the best and truest man, the bravest gentleman the world over produced, Hamish. Oh I am a nice one." Romoiuing of the hotel would not help them, for the waiter could tell no more than he had told. Hamish pointed to his address on the card already given, and they walked away up Norfolk-street in silence Roland broke it as they turned into the Strand, his low voice taking a tone of dread" I say, Hamish Arthur had a lot of money about him." " " A lot of money !" repeated Hamish. he had. He brought it up from old Galloway. You-you-don't think he could have been murdered for it ?" "Hush, Roland!" . , "Oh, well-but the rough would not mind doing such a thing at Port Natal. | TO BE CONHNUfcD.l 