VICTORIA. At the meeting of the Executive, held on 27th July, the commission to inquire into the management and expenditure of the charitable institutions was formally appointed by the Goveraor-in-Council. The commission consists of the hou. George Harker (chairman), the hon. E. Cohen, .M.L.A., Messrs. Harcourt and O'Grady, M.L. A. 's, Smith, A. J. k Agg, and Balfour. Mr. Thomas Dickson will act as secretary to the commission. At the half-yearly examination of candidates for licences to teach singing in common schools, held at the Education Office on 20th July, twenty persons attended, of whom three were females. This is a great increase on previous examinations, the number of candidates examined during the whole of 1869 having been only eighteen, and would seem to indicate a growing desire for receiving and imparting instruction in this branch of education. On the morning of the 22nd July, a fire occurred in the cellars of Mr. B. Rolls, Collins-street west. The premises in which it broke out have just been built by l\Ir. Rolls, and the basement and upper stores are let as offices. Mr. Rolls had a quantity of crockery in crates stowed away in the cellar, and it is thought that the lire arose from the spontaneous combustion of wet straw. Fortunately it was discovered immediately on breaking out, and the fire brigade was soon on the spot with the hose. Under tiie New Industries Act a number of gentlemen have organised themselves to erect a wine store and distillery at she south tide of the Fails-bridge. On the 23rd of July, about fifty gentlemen were present by invitation, on the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone of the manufactory. Mr. L. L. Smith performed the ceremony, and was previously presented by. Mi. T. Lambert with a handsomely designed trowel, manufactured by Messrs. Walsh Brothers, Collins-street. The architect of the building is Mr. Peter Matthews, aud the contractor is Mr, W. B. Stout. The building will be 170 ft. by 50 ft., constructed of bluestone, with slate roof and asphalted floors. There will be two upper rooms, the first 14 ft, in heigth aud the second S ft. The total cost will be £2590, but the present contract is only for £1250. The latter comprises the distillery, spirit rooms, and wine stores. After the ceremony a sumptuous lunch, provided by Mr. Hughes, of Collins- street, was partaken of, aud a number of toasts wore proposed as to the advantage of such works, and the hope of the success of the promoters. A meeting of the iron trade took place at the Highland Chief Hotel, Franklin- street, on Wednesday, with a view to the formation of a society for the protection of its interests. Mr. Creer was voted to the chair, aud about twenty were present. An article in the Ballaral Courier of the 21st inso., ivas lead to the meeting, and highly approved of on all hands, as an able exposition of the justice of the ironworkers' demands to have the Government work in their line executed in this colony. The chairman expressed a hope that the matter would be taken up by the Press generally, but at the same time he called upon the "members of the trade to be less apathetic. Mr. Andrews thought that measures should be taken for diffusing among ironworkers in the mother country a knowledge of the state of the trade here, so that they might not be led away by the quotations given of wages. Those quotations ought to be accompanied with a statement of the average number of weeks in the year during which ironworkers were employed. Mr. Woods hoped that the trade would be supported by their employers, the interests of master and man in the encouragement of local manufacture being identical. After a little discussion, the meeting unanimously resolved upon the appointment of a vigilance committee to meet weekly, and on special occasions when summoned ; its object bein^ to watch over the interests of the trade, more particularly in the way of calling attention to the sending abroad of work which can be done as efficiently in the colony. The committee was forthwith elected; and its members undertook, as a commencement, to see whether the trade had occasion to take any steps in connection with the next contract for the North-eastern Railway. There was a very good attendance at the St. Kilda town hall on 26th July, oh the occasion of a preliminary meeting to establish a school of design in the borough. The mayor (Mr. John Oldham) occupied the chair, and briefly stated the object the meeting had been eallcd for, and at the same time adverted to the immense benefit such a course of instruction would be to a certain class of youths. Mr, S. P. Lord, in moving the first resolution, referred to the success of like schools in the United States of America, aud England, aud , proposed—"That it is desirable to establish a. school of design in St. Kilda." Judge Bindon seconded the motion, and ih a very interesting address remarked that there was great necessity for such' a school, and referred to tiio great changes which had taken place during the last half century in Eng land and the continental cities of Europe as to the profession of engineering. Mr. Roberts, artist, supported the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. Crouch moved the second resolution— " That the following gentlemen form the provisional committee, to draw up rules, and take the necessary steps for the establishment of the school of design:—His Worship the Mayor, Crs. J. T. Crouch, S. P. Lord, D. M'Naughtou, W. Murray, 11. Tullett, C. Gray, D. Johnston, Judge Bindon, hon. Geo. Rolfe, Messrs. K. E. Brodribb, Clarke, J. Robertson, A. Morris, S. W. Smith, G. Sprigg, R. Roberts, J. Clezy, B.A., J. Hamel, with power to add to the number." Mr. A. Morris, in seconding the resolution, mentioned the steps that had been taken to form the school, and the assistance offered to make it a success. , Seven or eight gentlemen had promised to give their aid in teaching, and he (Mr. Morris) would, until the council provided desks and forms, place the school under his directorship at the service of the pupils. Mr. Burtt, M. L. A., also expressed his gratification at the formation of the school at St. Kilda. The motion was carried. Mr. Gray, a member of the local council, moved, and Mr. W. Murray seconded— * That this meeting most urgently requests all gentlemen that are willing to aid this object by giving some portion of their time to teaching, to give notice of the same to the committee." The meeting then closed. The heavy rains that recommenced on 27th July are most inopportune. On many of the lowlands the crops have been rotting through excessive wet; on every return of sunshine the hopes of their owners ha% T e been raised only to be dashed again, and thus, unless the weather take up very shortly, a large proportion of the crops will inevitably be lost. In the event of such an occurrence, the stock of wheat that is said to be on hand in the western district, and the surplus hay stacks that dot the country, will be likely to realise higher figures than those now current. Another instance of the degradation to which men may sink by indulgence in strong drinks was given at the Emerald-lull police court the other day, when an old man named James O'Brien was brought up as an habitual drunkard. This man was, somo fourteen years ago, worth from £15,000 to £20.000, and was one of the first councillors when Emerald-hill was formed into a borough; but, from the misconduct of his wife, which caused him to take to drinking, he rapidly trod the downward path, and his property was lost. For a long time past he has been in a state of great destitution, and was very seldom sober. The bench, as a charhy, sent him to gaol for six months as an habitual drunkard. In January, 1862, the barque Lady Flora Hastings, Captain German, belonging to Mr. J. Wilson>-Billiter-strcofc,- -Jaondoa, from Moulmein, bound to Falmouth, with teak timber, foundered in a cyclone, 1300 miles to the eastward of the Mauritius. Tbe crew of the ill-fated ship were on the foremast for five days and nights, and were taken off by the French ship Leoni and landed in the Mauritius. The desk (the only relic of the vessel ever since seen) of the chief officer, Mr. H. Hall, now keeping the Army and Navy Hotel, Sandridge, was picked up by the American ship Samuel ltussell, after floating about nine weeks, taken to New York, and then sent to his friends in London, who forwarded it to him by the barque Hera, to Nelson, N.Z. It contains family portraits and letters in a very fair state of preservation. A case of fatal injury, resulting from an accidental fall from a horse in Bourke-street on the morning of the 7th of July, was the subject of an inquest 'held by Dr. Youl at the hospital. The deceased was Hamilton Myles lieilly, aged twenty-eight, of ne occupation, and residing at the Albion Hotel, where he had lived since he came from Castlemaiue. Herbert Wardell, a clerk, said he was of very eccentric habits, and drank to excess. On 7th July, about half- past 9 o'clock in the morning, he was on horseback in front of the hotel, and was riding a horse which he had just bought, named Gaffer Green. He rode away up the street, and returned on foot about 3 o'clock. He was sober when he went away, , but appeared very stupid when he returned. Two hours afterwards he went up to bed, aud remained there until Sunday, when he got up and walked about the yard. In the evening he became much worse, and Dr. Beaney was sent for, who recommended that he should be sent to the hospital, which was accordingly done. Robert Davis, a groom, said he saw deceased riding down Bourke-street on the morning of the 7th. The horse was cantering, and wanted to turn in at a gate, but deceased seemed unable to pull it up and threw himself oft. He got up and did not seem hurt, but went into Goyder's yard and asked a man named Dalrymple to ride ike horse, which he did. The pnimal was perfectly quiet., Deceased said he wajS tot killed yet, aud went into the Plough Hotel and "shouted" for two or three persohs. Fred. C. Goyder said he sold deceased a horse named Gaffer Green about a month since. It was perfectly quiet. He did hot think deceased was sober any day since lie had been in Melbourne. On tiie morning of the 7th he wanted to take the horse otit, but witness advised him not to do so, as he did not appear to be in a lit state, Especially as the horse had hot been Out for three weeks. Withess saw him after he had the tail, when he appeared in bis usual state; He asked him it he was hurt, aud he. said he had had a crack on the head, but it was nothing. Dr. Robertsou, resident surgeon at the hospital, said deceased was taken to him in a semiconscious etate on the evening of the 10th suffering from concussion of the brain. He was placed under treatment, and remained in the same state until the lGtli July, when svmptoms of compression came on, and he gradually sank, and died oh the morning of the 17th. The cause of death was compression of the brain from external violence. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death caused by a fall from a horse. Acouncil meeting of the Old Colonists' Association was held on Wednesday, 20th July, present, Messrs. George Coppin, in the chair, D. Ogilvy, Marsden, A.Woolley, J. B. Were, Captain Coffey, Plummer, D. S. Campbell and Dr. Barker. The following gentlemen were elected members of the association :— Thomas M'Kellar, Wm. John Lobb, John Goodman, Wm. S. Lyster, and John Ware. Seven gentlemen were proposed for election at the next meeting of council. It was resolved that donations should be accepted from colonists, not members of the association, to endow the two cottages in course of erection for the support of aged and infirm old colonists. The names of donors, date of arrival in the colony, age, occupation, and the amount given, to be registered in the permanent books of the association, will doubtless become a very interesting record for future generations. It was also resolved that a medal should be struck for members in recognition of any mark of distinction, honor conferred, service or event of public interest with which they are connected, the reasons for awarding the medal to be entered in the book of registration. Further it was resolved that it is desirable to compile and publish a book of anecdotes connected with this colony, aud that members of the Old Colonists' Association should be solicited to contribute short sketches illustrative of our pioneers, the rise and progress of Australia Felix. After acting for about sixty years, Mr. Patrick Gardner, who in that time played many parts, has died suddenly. The mclancholv occurrence took place on on tt e 23rd July, shortlybefore the Princess Theat o opened. Mr. Gardner, who has for son^e years been incapacitated from acting, was engaged by Messrs. Harwood and Co. as checktaker, and came down a3 usual to perforin his duties. Before the business commenced he went into the stalls mid sat down upon one of the seats. A member of the staff told him it was time to open, and Mr. Gardner then complained of pain in the region of the heart. The gentleman in question went to get him somo brandy, and when he came back Mr. Gardner was foaming at the mouth. A cab was procured, but the poor old gentleman had run his sand of life, and expn'ed before he could be taken to the hospital. Mrs. Phillips, the well-known actress, and Mrs. Hausemann, lately a member of Mr. Barry Sullivan's company in England, are step-daugb±e^ of the deceased. Mr. Gardner played with Mr. Geo. Coppin about 30 years ago in the Abbeystreet Theatre, Dublin and, according to the criticism in the Lyre, was an accomplished delineator of Irish character. After that he comnienccd management in Ireland, which he successfully carried out for a number of years. He then joined Simpson's company in Birmingham, and Mr. Coppin, who was then starring it in Elngland in 1854, played with him there. He leftfMr. Simpson to come to Australia, aud enactcd Polonius on the first occasion that Mr. Barry Sullivan played Hamlet at the Theatre Royal. The deceased gentleman was very much respected amongst the members of the profession. An inquest was held on 25th July, when a verdict of death froUi disease of the heart was returned. On the occasion of the departure of the Rev. G. O. Vance, from St. Stephen's Church, Richmond, wliich he has temporarily held during tbe absence of the i!ev. V. T. Perks, who has been on a holiday in England for the last eighteen months, a tea meeting was held on 15th Juiy, at the St. Stephen's school-room, to give an expression of feeling to that gentleman on his retirement to take the kicuinbency of Kew. Mr. D. S. Campbell, one of the oldest paiishioneis, occupied the chair. About 400 ladies and gentlemen were present. Alter tea, an adjournment was made to tbe church, where the choir gave several selections from sacred music, under the direction of Mi-. Plaisted, the organist. Upon returning to the school-room the chairman delivered a short address, announcing that a presentation would be made from the parishioners and the Sunday-school teachers to the Rev. Mr. Vance. " Then the Very Rev. Dean Macartney addressed the meeting, and adverted to the duties a minister of the Gospel had to perform, and more particularly alluded to the earnest and energetic manner in which Mr. Vance had exerted himself to progress the church in Richmond. Mr. Justice Pohlman, ou behalf of the parishioners of St. Stephen's, presented the rev. gentleman with a handsome silver salver suitably inscribed, and a purse of sovereigns. Mr. Armstrong, head-master of the schools, on behalf of the Sunday school teachers, presented a very handsome clock and an engrossed address, signed by about fifty teachers, to the late incumbent. Mr. Vance returned his sincere thanks for the very kind expression of feeling that had been accorded tb him, both by the parishioners and the Sunday-school teachers, on the occasion of his leaving Richmond. He also expressed his gratitude for the kind sympathy which had been shown to him both by the lay officers, the parishioners, and the Sunday-school teachers, during his residence amongst them. We learn from the Hampden Guardian that on the2] st J uly a kangaroo hunt was held at the station of C. C. Fiulay, Esq., Glenor- tlie great number of these marsupials, which are making great havoc with the little grass that is spared by the grub. After soir.e sharp riding, a mob were yarded, and a score of gims were theu called into requisition, which scon brought the day's work to a close. The Rev. David Barry lias been appointed Roman Catholic pastor at Kiimore, iu the room of the late lamented Rev. M. Branigan. A few days ago some quarts was picked up on Church Hill, Creswick, with which to make a footpath more passable. Among it was discovered a nugget valued at £3, and sold for that amount to the bank. Another fatal mining accident occurred ou 19th July, at Yackandaudali to a miner named Robert Foster, who was accidentally killed by a quantity of earth falling upon hi;a while working in a bank claim. The Mount Gambia- Standard writes: —" Mount Schauck, which has an interi'ir like a monster how], is generally supposed by geologists to have been in a state of repose for the last twelve hundred years or thereabouts. We have received some startling intelligence from a correspondent at Allandale, wiiii-h would sochi to indicate that, like Vesuvius, after a lapse of many centuries, it was about to break out iuto new lite. The letter vre have had says—' It stems the volcanic firos at or near Mount Schaiick are not altogether extinct. Mr. Howard, of Kiagslcy, informs ino that lie has seen smoke issuing from the fissures in the ground iu the Cave Paddock. I shall visit the place as soon as I can with a view of reporting more fully."' On her downward trip from Albury the steamer Cu:nberoo7ia took among her passengers two America',: gentlemen who are at present amusing themselves with a tour through these colonies. " These gentlemen/' we learn from the Albarij Banner, "are travelling on a plan that would slightly astonish the Cockney excursionists who yearly take their tickets pour voyager a Paris, and then return to Mincing-lane to fpoak of their travels. They both started from San Francisco together, without being known to one another: they met on the steamboat bound to the .Sandwich Islands ; tbcoce they came on together to Sydney ; at that place they discussed the desirability of 'just having a look at Fort Boarke,' but filially agreed to journey overland, in spite of the present .state of the roads, to Melbourne. They arrived here the other day by coach, and took their passage by steamer to Echuea, from wheacs. after visiting Melbourne, they proceed to Adelaide and Cfeylon, and thence back to California." Plauchefcte is all pervading. It is heard of in the country as well as in the town. Hereis another -innfa>,n.c». given of its power. What the instance is worth we leave cur readers to decide. " It appears," according to the Pleasant Creek Chronicle, "thataweliltnown lady spiritualist at Stawell has for some time past, through the aid of the plauchette, produced really wonderful drawings of ferns, trees, &c.;, in nearly all of which a certain face is apparent as a portion of such drawing. What makes tlie matter the more singular is, that the lady cannot draw herself in the slightest, and that lately the power has left her of doing so by the aid of the planchette. We are not at liberty to mention the lady's name, though she is well known to us, but we are convinced that in no wise would she attempt to impose upon the credibility of the public, as she has for very many years been universally respected and esteemed in the district. The communications she has received have been so foreign to her own ideas and general conversational powers that it makes the matter more extraordinary still/' The jury in the case of Margaret Blair, charged with causing the death of the infant of Rachel Anderson, on the 30th March, brought ma verdict of guilty. The medical evidence of Drs. Bunce and Butler was taken, and both gentlemen agreed that the death of the infant was caused by absolute starvation. It appeared in evidence that the accused was a "baby farmer," and had already four other children to attend to, viz., two boys and two girls; the only evidence as to the sustenance provided for the deceased and the four other •children being one quart of milk per diem. The inference naturally is, that the four children spoken of, being older and stronger than the infant, whose modicum of mills; was permitted to lie by its side, the bottle partially disabled, from breakage, that the mother being absent indulging in her drinking propensities, the elder children helped themselves to the infant's portion. The case exhibited the gross neglect that is said to characterise the action of baby farmers, and the je.ry being perfectly satisfied as to the culpability ol the woman, returned a verdict or guilty. It is so very seldom that a man dies and omes to life again a short time afterwards that when a startling fact similar to this does occur it is generally worth chronicling. " It seems,"accordingtotheGolacObesrmr, "that a man named Samuel Talbot, a laborer, residing inColac becoming suddenly indisposed, the services oi Dr. jRae were called iu, and after the usual medical inspection the man was ordered to bed, and the doctor departed to obtain the necessary remedies. While away a message was sent to film that Talbot had suddenly shuffled off this ihortal coil 5 and believing the statement: to be true, though tfe'dre^but iflwj nerossary- ceTOiicfflftc--st^mg" ^Sie -cSHBe'lfflf death. The friends of the supposed deceased man immediately took the , necessary steps for the funeral, the undertaker and the registrar ot deaths having been informed of the mournful event, and no doubt chuckling at the thought that business in their line was looking up. In the house where Talbot was laid ' straight out upon his bed,' was gathered a number of women, and mourning and lamentation could be heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be comforted. When lo ! Talbot opened his eyes, and stared around him with marvellous surprise at the scene which was being enacted in his house. Of course, the women screamed, and covered their faces, forming all manner of thoughts about ghosts, and it was afterwards found that Talbot had merely swooned away, and had been in a sort of trance for a number of hours. " Startling news was brought to Geelong. " says the Advertiser, " on lStk July, which leads to the belief that a murder has been committed near the Anakies. The particulars to hand are to the effect that, as some of the men engaged on the pipe track were strolling about on Sunday, they found the body of a man, about a quarter of a mile on the Geelong side of Mr. Maurice Troy's store, and fifty yards from the pipe track, dressed only in a pair of drawers and a shirt, the toes of the feet being just pushed into a pair of boots, as if tlie deceased had used them as a pair o£ slippers. Tlie face was downwards, and resting on one hand. The deceased, on being lifted up, was found to have his throat cut from ear to ear, and a slight abrasion on the forehead. No weapon was found near the. spot, which would probably have been the ease had suicide been the cause of death. Who the man was we could not learn ; be was a stranger in the district, and apparently about thirty years of age. It is sai l that 011 Friday evening he went to f«c of tlie tents occupied by two men engaged on the waterworks, and asked to be allowed to stop for the night. This request was granted, and the deceased took off his trousers and hat. He did not rest long, but weut out, leaving his hat and trousers in tlie tent, where they have since been found. The two owners of tlie tent saw him go out, and were soeiewhat surprised when Ihey awoke in the morning to inui that he hau not returned. They, however, uo not appear to have said anything about the matter, but, having business to attend to in Gc-elong, cam,: to town, and d ; d j;ot return until Monday • At the inquest held on Wednesday the body was identified by Michael Lynch, laborer, as being that of Peter Lawson. who had been working at the tannery of Messrs. Brearley, at the Breakwater, which establishment be left about last Easter. He was a German by birth, and about thirty-live or forty years old. It appeared in evidence that deceased had lately lost his wife iii childbirth, aud that he had two children in the Benevolent Asylum, for whom lie was paying Ss. per week. The remainder of the evidence was in accordance with the particulars ab-eady given. The jury returned a verdict that deceased cut his throat with a razor while in a state of temporary ir.=.anity. A new quartz reef, in which gold is plainly visible, has been found at Bairnsdale. Rich specimens have also been discovered by prospectors in Brown's Gully, near Navigation Creek, two miles easterly from Deptf'ord and twenty from Bairnsdale. The finders have registered the claim. As an example of the returns from some of the claims at Pleasant Creek, the 1Vews gives the following :—"From No. 2 claim (Wakeliarn and Co.), containing not more than four men's ground as per by-law, there has been taken, during the last two years, over £65,01)0 worth of gold. Over £44,000 has been divided in dividends, and at least £20,000 spent in the district in wages and trade accounts." The South Australian Advertiser of the 13th July, says :—" The following information, which we believe to be perfectly reliable, has just come to hand respecting a new discovery at the Barossa diggings:—Great news here. We have made the finest discovery since the field has been opened. Mr. Clements' party have discovered a cement hill in Green Gully, near the crushing" machines, which has yielded a prospect to-day of 5 dwt. to little more than half a bucket, equal to 10 oz. per ton. There is a large extent of similar country adjacent to that. This promises to be a most valuable discovery. The excitement on the diggings is tremendous. I suppose there must have 'been 400 men to see the prospect taken, and thpre are hundreds of claims pegged out. From all I have seen of it I think that Barossa will be greater in three months than it has ever been." The Bairnsdafo Courier is informed, on reliable authority, that there is every prospect of a rush to the Nicholson River, about four miles above Looram's store. "Our informant states,"that journal says, "that Hail and party obtained from one paddock, about ten feet square, no less than G oz. of fine gold. It appears that the river is too high just no iv to admit of opening up fresh ground, but as soon' as the river falls we may expect a good number of diggers will find profitable employment for some time to come. As the gold has been traced in the high bank they are still' able to continue work, but the best of the ground is at prefect flooded. They are now working tlie face some thirty fetet in depth. They are about to cut a race, a mile in length,, for sluicing purposes, at a small expense, as there is but a small amount of flny^fag Squirted. ;J&ttites; big gold, irat-to-"what 'sffiotat ••^-'iiifdissaait' does not state; We are assured that when Hall and party obtain a sluice-head of wateron their ground, they will earn at least £2 per day per man. We have every reason to believe this will prove a payable gold-field, as the principal portion of the gold yet obtained is fine, and average yields may be depended upon as it is not patchy." "Never perhaps was the old adage, it never rains but it pours," says the Baidigo Advertiser, " so happily, and to the people of this district so agreeably demonstrated to be true, as in the case of this gold-field during the past six months. First came the discovery of the Bendigo reef in the Extended Hustler's; then the Garden Gully line and the Perseverance reef came into notice—the first causing more business than any other reef in the district ; then the discovery of the largest piece of gold ever found in quartz in the colony, in the Argus mine ; and now we have to chronicle an event which is perhaps as important as any of those we have mentioned. Recently, the Collman and Tacchi's Company came upon their old golden reef at a depth of 650 feet, the greatest depth at which a golden reef was ever found in this district, demonstrating that our reefs go to unknown depths, and are as rich below as above. The Collman and Tacclii's Company have worked this reef from the surface right down to a depth of 570 feet, and it yielded well all the way down. On working at that depth, they began sinking their shaft to a depth of 650 feet, and when down drove for the reef, being now close to it in the crosscut. However, in the meantime they sunk a winze, and struck the reef. They have gone two feet through it without coming to the wail. Several pieces of stone were brought iuto town lately, and are, perhaps, as rich as ever shown, for this reason, that the gold is thoroughly distributed through the stone. In most other quartz in this district the gold is in the vein3 that rim through the stone ; in this, although there are veins, the stone is as it were shot with gold all through, without being in any particular place more than another. Such a discovery as this will do more to continue the con fide jiee iu the district than any amount of scientific deliverances." The Berlin correspondent of the Inylmood Advertiser, under date of 20th July, writes:—"A considerable quantity of gold has been got during the last fortnight. In Johns' paiidoc-k a party of Chinamen picked out from their w.i.shdirt four nuggets, weighing respectively 43.0Z., Soz., 4oz., and 3oz., and another party or Chinese got two nuggets weighing 20oz. and lOoz. A party of Europeans als« picked 9oz. out of their washdirt, in one day, in pieccs weighing from a few pennyweights up to ooz. and another party got a 5oz. nugget. On Friday there was a rush to the new ground in Johns' 11 poor paddock, where Mr. Felstead got a 17oz. nugget considerably outside the line of all tlie other workings, and every one hopes that it will turn out as rich as Johns' lower paddock. Oil Wednesday a large rush took place to a gully running in a south-easterly direction, on the other side of the dividing range, about two miles due west from old Berlin. The prospect obtained was 12dwt. of rough gold off the bottom of a shaft, and the sinking is from 3ft. to Sft. Since the last heavy rains the ground is too wet to try thoroughly. In Catto's paddock on the 21st one party, nuggeted out of their washdirt 30oz. A. nice nugget weighing 5oz. 2dwt. was picked upon the surface on the 20th by some Chinamen in Johns' paddock on "the side of the hill, and for some distance above their claim, and also in Catto's paddock, a considerable quantity of gold is being got from tlie surface. The same lucky party have also sunk on their claim. The depth of sinking is abotitSft., and on the 21st they got a fine nugget off the bottom weighing 2<3oz. 12dwt., ' while from the surface run two nuggets were obtained, weighing respectively 36oz., and 2Goz. 7dwt. In the next claim above a 12oz. nugget was got in the surface, and further on .Johns' brothers got a piece weighing 4oz. Gidwt., and 2klwt. of fine gold from a machine full of dirt." 