DIOCESAN SYNOD. Tuesday, Mat 17. : The annual session of Synod was opened on Tuesday, ' " At half-past 11 o'clock a number of clergy men and laymen met at Trinity Church where the Holy Communion was administered by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by the"Veiy Rev. Dean Russell, the Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, the Rqv. Canons Coombs and Dove ; and the Rev. R. Reid. His Excellency the. Governor, attended by-the -Private Secre tary (Mr. O'Halloran), "was present. After this service the Bishop delivered his Pastoral Address, 1870. 'Rev. and deai Brethren—In all history, civil or religions, there occur epochs—times, when a obarige becomes apparent in the thoughts and spirit of the age. Old forms pass away. - The grace of their fashion has perished. They "give place to others more suited to new ideas bind aspirations. Society takes a fresh departure on the voyage of the future. "The eternal verities, however, of religion and morals remain" unchanged." because un changeable ; nor are the outlines " of " the Church of. God; after- the lapse -of 1ages,or of the inner life of that Church; less 'dis tinct to the Christian's eye than when -first traced by the finger of the Spirit on the page' of revelation. Critics, indeed, and expositors may dispute about the jots and tittles of the manu script ; but spiritual and enlightened reason will take its stand on ' the faith once delivgjed to the saints;' ' the. form of sound words in winch it was delivered ; and the apostolic in stitutions borne witness to from -the beginning, in all James and places by the universal Church. The overthrow of Paganism and the civil es tablishment of Christianity under Constantine; the completion by Gregory the Great of the Church' system of Rome and the ascendancy of its Bishop ; the Papal theocracy inaugurated by Hildebrand, the7th Gregory.; .the.freedom of "Churches and.their reformation achieved by Luther, all 'form.distinct epochs in ecclesias tical history, and at the present day we witness one of- no less importance, viz., the epoch of ' religions liberty and ".'equality' for all com munions, and for every individual. -It. concerns . us -indeed, inuch whether clergymen or laymen,' to mark -well the ' times and' seasons' :in which our life is;cast? 'lest 'we ■waste :eur_.efforts /in 'the "-'endeavor'1 to "-re store a past which cannot be recalled,- or mould the I present afterT- the fashion of bygone ages.. -/A/Pope may assume per ; sonal infallibility, and the autocratic episco pate of the world. He may oppose a syllabus to the advancing tide of modern thought, but the waves will still-flow onward. A wiser monarch of-old exposed! the foUyiof his/courtiers' by receding inrtime; lest he' should fbe^'over whelmed. • : 'V; ' " Qur'reformed branch, then, of the Catholio Church./should not be blind to the present epoch. The Church policy of Queen Elizabeth haS come to an end. ' The disestablishment ac cordingly of . the -Irish Church has set at rest many questions .which during, the last twenty years have perplexed the colonial Churches. Now at least.they are clearly, seen to be unesUi blished—unconnected with thexState, except so far as they are still under the supremacy .of Llaw with-regard to. their property and the personal rights of theirmembers. - " The legality also of our Synodal compact was formerly questioned. -/Now that the Irish Church is basing its organization on such an agreement, it will be conceded that' a voluntary association, such as the Church of .this diocese, can only maintain its' internal discipline-.on the basis of a compact resting neither on Royal pre rogative nor on Imperial legislation. " Anticipating as we did in 1855 this, conclu sion, thia. diocese had for .fifteen years'carried on its independent? action, having first beiihd itself by a constituent declaration to the closest fellowship in doctrine, discipline, Liturgy, litis and ceremonies, .with the Church of' Englarid. Though.no part of -its establishment, we are, I trust,' and shall continue. _to be, essentially, a branch of the great Anglican Communion. . ■ - \- " A necessary consequence of our legal posi tion, as a Voluntary Independent. Diocesan Church, is the_ necessity of adopting, by' bur own free consent, • ecclesiastical regulations, which in the Mother Church are imposed by law. As an example of . what I mean, I may allude to the revised order of lessons to be read .in the daily service,-and more especially on the festivals and Lord's:Days,-recommended by the Royal-Commission, r It /appears/to. commend itself to the general acceptance of . the Church .at homev As-far as Lhave been able to examine .it, I believe both in its omissions and insertions, as well as its arrangements of lessons for.a third service on Sundays (where it is needed), to he a real improvement. Time, however,. must "elapse before Convocation and Parliament csncur in this wise reform of the Prayer-Bobk. It may be well therefore for this Synod- to, pass > regulation approving the new Lectionary, and leaving the Bishop to introduce it into the diocese so soon as it shall have, received the ap proval of the Queen-in Council. It would be •undesirable to alter the present-arrangements 'of lessons until a, definite /order can be substi tuted for it. .' -1,11 do not find that the Ritual Commission has made any recommendation with regard to ceremonial'observances or 'vestments! of the • clergy.' Pending the trial of-certain clergymen for introducing or reviving ohtolete/ceremoiiies and? ornaments, any interference with the action of the law and its judical authori ties was felt to be a greater evil than patiently .waiting for : legal' investigation-, and ' judicial, decision. Many practices of a,novel character have consequently been pronounced 'illegal.' Loyal submission to the fata thus declared, rather than paltry evasions of it, will, I trust, characterise those. ministers of "our Church at hime whose embtiohal and imaginative dispositions.have .led ;thembeyond the sober simplicity of Anglican ceremonial and t vestureT "The 58 Canon' will, perhaps,"be'niade -the legal guide for this matter. ■'* . 5 ■'*. "Another-.subject growing out of ;thewre vision of the Lectionary is ■ that of a proposed revision of certain passages in the authorised -version of the Holy Scriptures.; The considera tion of thi3 important , subject has been re commended by .the Bishops ,to "the Lower House of the Convocation of Canterbury. :This .step is, I believe,, called for by the advanced state of linguistio criticism, as well as by some acknowledged errors in the present translation. It is the clear opinion of the leained prelates who have sanctioned this movement that fio portion whatever of the received doctrine of the ^Church of England will; be weakened or modified by it. Truth and honesty require that the Word of God should be offered to mankind in its genuine form and its true mean ing. If the discovery of ancient manuscripts, and deeper acquaintance with the Eastern languages, ;shall lessen,the authority of! certain special texts, still in the revised version Divine truth will be set forth with greater certainty and precision. We need in no wise lose* our time-honored version.; and it the co-operation of learned Nonconformists were' received it would he still the Bible of the whole English speaking population' of, the world. A different type would readily indicate the passages' not resting on the .best authorities,' and-the hew "translation might he interpolated in .the:old within brackets, or at the foot of the page. " During the last session of Synod we con sented to establish in connection with the other Australian Dioceses,, through.; means of/ a General Synod, an Appellate Tribunal,' to^axe cognizance under the Metropolitan or Primus of doctrinal causes referred to itj from the Diooesan Courts. Another important subject remittedat that time for cohsidefatioh~tq"a*"Select' Com mittee was, the mode of electing ■ our future Bishops. This duty has devolved:on us in con sequence of our legal independence of the-Eng lish Establishment. "Happily, > we are in no want of precedents to guide us'in the choice of plans—we have-the Scotch, Irish, American Canons, as well as the practice of the Uni versal Church from the first. The main object of our endeavors on this, subject, should, be to eliminate from this solemn act aa far as possible the influence of momentary excitement and party passion. It should. be done assuredly J as. unto the Lord, and not unto men.' The appoint ment to be made should secure the. largest pos sible amount of unanimity. ? !: ,;f . " The practice of the' Universal Church from the beginning, and followed in the Scotch, ■ American, and Irish branches of our Episcopal, communion has been, that the clergy should \- nominate one or more candidates for the office, and that_ the laity should concur with them in selecting the -most approved. To this practice the American Church has given its adhesion ; and the plan thus deliberately adopted in a Church where lay influence is un doubtedly great, and individual opinion enjoys the fullest scope, has in its favor the weight derivable from such considerations. . . • " The Irish branch of our' Church, with its two thousand clergy, organising itself as a free and voluntary association has adopted a similar arrangement. "It appears also that ,tbe . Convocation of Canterbury^ has appointed a Committee tore port:■ on this subject- Under these circum stances I think it would be wise to defer the adoption of any plan for this diocese -until we k have .had the benefit , of 'such enquiries. :To the English or Irish Clergy recourse may ; probably be .had in filling up this See. It . m important, therefore,, not to diverge more than is absolutely necessary from the or ganic arrangements of our mother' Church!, now partly disestablished. Much angry feeling, indeed, and many fears have been elicited by that strong act of power which after 300 years separated the Irish Church from the Statu . But that connection only identified it in the minds of the Celtic population ' with- their Saxon conquerors, and furnished a plea for un dying hatred and chronic rebelliousness.. Be leasecKfrom this fatal prestige-of State con , nection, the Irish Church will enter, I believq, upon a new career .of missionary effort, and feeble must be the faith as well as cold the love which fails to hid her 'God speed iu that holy war.' • " * ; "While thus contemplating the greatchanges which have already taken place, or are immi nent in the Church of England, .whether in her revised Lectiohary, or proposed revision" of thb authorised version of the Scriptures; or the ap pointment of suffragan bishops; or the disestab lishment of the Irish Church; or in the greater- elasticity given to our Liturgy by the Eermitted separation of its services, we can ardly fail to own the hand of Providencse ovei; . ruling to good the revival set .on foot among the clergy 40 years ago, when the desire sprung up^ to' restore a more primitive church life by daily services and closer adherence to the' spirit of the Prayer Book, Bigotry alone will deny to these men self-denying zeal and disinter ested tlahorousness in their sacred calling; ; That they, in many, cases have gone from ns, or;to ; the verge of error in some points of doctrine anil ; discipline, is the conviction of the great, body of the clergy. But the impetus which has been given by them-to pastonu: earnestness" is un doubted. . , The old rigidity .of a legal establish^ . ment has yielded-to this influx of new-born zeal, and_ never were the 'Anglican Clergy "ani \- mated with sincere devotedness - or presided over by a more distinguished hierarchy.. We may ' fairly . expect; therefore, when, the trne interpretation of * the law concerning Bitualistic. practices is ascertained, that some authoritative; directory wiir he issued, .oi the aid'of ' Parliament invoked,' to check innovation under the plea of doubtful or disused Bubrics. Meanwhile, acting on the principle ' Let every man be, fully persuaded in his own mind,' may St. Paul's spirit of for bearance also, neither judging, nor despising, nor offending .one another prevail among us, being assured' thai whatever :' is Uot .of God • will come to nought.' ; "It remains forme to notice the subject of national education," which of late has been much under discussion both here and in Eng land. .-In these days an .uneducated people must descend to a- lower level among the -nations of. the earth,. A good secular educa tion, even unaccompanied-by direct religious . instruction, is surely better;than rude.uncul tivated ignorance. The latter must be the fate of our rural and pastoral population unless the State will divert the funds, no winsome measure wsisted on town schools, to. the employment.of \- school teachers throughput the .country dis tricts. Eyeiy, good school in the'centres of \- population ought' to be self- supporting; or will .'be;supplemented by voluntary- aid, if that aid be not checked by Government interference. . " But here crops up, to an extent surprising in this country, distrust of the voluntary prin ciple as" applied to education. • Its efficacy, on the other hand, in regard to the supply of -religious ordinances, has been vaunted above measure! If by the aid of a moderate,'Bonus institutes have sprung up all over the country; why not schools for the young ? Why should .theduty of parents_ and the zeal of friends and of.pastors be set aside or ignored ? Why, with crippled finances, should Government not avail itself of.the zeal and liberality of (the best edu cated and best disposed members of our-com munity, in order itself to set up a dry, hard, system of secular , schooling, with nothing in it but self-interests to _ animate the .teachers- or secure the-- attention.- of the scholars? Nor can we fail to observe . the. .arbitrary, intolerance, which proposes -to tax Christians for- .the support of -schools, -and deny all- aid to ' such schools-when the troths o'f the Christian revelation aire taught in them to Christian ohildren. Does not this look more like anti-Christian hostility to God's truth thanfearef sectarianproselytism ? Granting that the latter should be shut out, are there no means • of enlisting voluntary zeal in the cause'of -national education, while the rights of con science are protected ? Let some such scheme '• be' tried before driving ' iuto irreconcileable antagonism with State schools those '-bodies' "of Christians^ who deem religious instruc . tion an essential part of every-day schooling.' Let for example;— " ■ ■:r -• ■ p i ' " 1.' The builders and managers of • schools decide whether any, and if any, what religious instruction shall be given in their'sohools. The State in South Australia avowedly, has no con-' ; cern in preventing any niore thanproviding re-! ligions teaching. -- ! "2. Let State Inspectors examine and certify as to the quality of the secular education re-; quired by the Government1 before any State aid! ■rbe granted. : •' --: - j "3. In all State-aided schools let the hour be' ' fixed and time limited during which religious instruction, if any, shall be given;.and let no' ■' child attend on such instruction whose 'parents desire its exemption. ' " • ' •' '4. - Let the Government Boardof|Education fix the list of secular books; from which the ; children in State-aided schools are to be' in-i \- striicted. ; • "5. bet the State 'require sufficient area for, the numbers taught in every State-aided school.: " 6. Let the .aid available for educational dis tricts be proportioned to the number of children " in it of the proper ages to attend school in each. "7. Let bonuses be given in the shape of-a capitation fee for each child passed by the In i speotors as properly instructed in 'secular learn \- ing. ! " The above scheme has been tentatively acted' on daring the last thirty years in England, and' ' is'now in a fair way of becoming a truly national " system. _ (1.) The combination' of voluntary effort with State provision, and unrestricted -• action for the friends of education, whether , Seoalarists or Beligionists. (2.) The tenderest/ \- regard towards both for conscientious scruples. (3.) Compulsory State education for idle and: dost-itute ohildren, whose parents neglect the duty. These seem to be the principles on which; legislation will ultimately be based in England.;. The .adoption of similar views in this colony; wcvij'il at once quiet apprehension, satisfy tho! demands of religious opinion, evoke voluntary! liberality, draw into the profession of teachers! men deeply interested in the moral welfare of| their pupils, and, finally, elevate' the mental' drill of secular education into the dignity and; pleasantness of moral training. ! ; "Before I close this address, it is necessary1 that I should advert briefly to the resolution! No. 468, passed in the late Synod.. To all! 'Bitualistic' or ceremonial acts implying, or; calculated to inculcate the Boman view of the: mystery of the Lord's Supper, I am, and have: always been, opposed. While resolved to; maintain the ecclesiastical law of cur re-i formed Church in regard to doctrine,! liturgy, holy orders, rites, ceremonies, ves tures, and ornaments in our churches, I; feel equally bound in conscience not to strain that law in" order to- narrow the comprehensive ■nets (liberal &a; it is, within Scriptural limits) of I (ho Anglican Communion. I have received no I complaint from the wardens or members of any congregation alleging any illegal ' ceremony or ornament4 used by any officiating minister during the ordinary morning and evening prayer, or in ■ the Communion service. It will be well, however, to state that by the decisions of the Court of Arches and Privy Council the following ceremonies have been pronounced ' illegal. In the administration of Holy Com munion, elevation of the paten or cup, and genuflexion or prostration before the tabledur ing the Consecration Prayer. 2. During divine service any procession in or round the Church, singing hymns or Te Deum. _ 3. The burning of incense generally, and lighting candles, save for "the purpose" of giving light. 4. In" regard to vestments an appeal hn3 been lodged with the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council against the judgment of the Dean of Arches in this matter, that judgment, therefore, has no effect until such an appeal is decided, - - - • " With regard to ' ornaments' or articles in use during the administration of, or subsi-. diary ■ to, Divine service—other than vest ments — j know of none used in this Diocese which are. illegal; such, for example, as a crucifix, or cross ' With the figure of the Saviour - thereon.' -This, - when -not—forming part of the architecture of the Church, but used as part of the ' furniture. of the Holy Table,' is ' illegal.' The Dean of Arches, how ever, expressly declares ' vases of Jiawers.. to be legal,' and floral decorations, -, 'nbt- used as an additional rite or ceremony.' He.deems tbem ' innocent and not unseemly decorations like the ' branches of holly' at Christmas; and ' willow blossoms' on Palm Sunday—very gene rally used from old time, in our village ana other churches. . I " After all, brethren, religion does not consist in these things, but' in rightousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost f and I would record, my solemn protest against those troublers cf our Churches' peace, who, through the laxity of the statute law, have wilfully revived (against the advice of their Bishops) obsolete Romanising ceremonial in oUr Divine services.' " I would also affectionately urge my rev. brethren to take 'heed to ^ the 'weightier matters of the law.' . At a time when an un scrupulous criticism assails the text and inspi ration of the canonical Scriptures ; when a rationalistic materialism makes a mock of all ' supernatural manifestations' of God, to man, rites and ceremonies and decorations are not the weapons which are ''mighty through God to the pulling down the strongholds of error.-' Conviction is the true origin of effectual per sonal religion ; and-they who, instead of rea soning like Paul on ' righteousness, temperance, and judgments to come,' address themselves to the sensuous and imaginative part of the human soul, may captivate, indeed, a crowd of wor shippers, but without, promoting the true ' worship of God in spirit and truth.' "It makes little difference whether the appeal be. made by a gorgeous ceremonial, or by the powerful voice and-exciting action of some revivalist preacher. How different are these methods froin the powerful reasoning and fer vent appeals of St. Paul, addressed to' the reason and consciences of men. The embellish ments of religion may suit the cravings of an opulent and luxurious age, which is ever trying to Harmonise' the worship of God with the ser vice of mammon. But the love of pleasure, lusp of the eye, and pride of life_ mingle with zeal for the outward form.- Let it be your endeaj -vor, rev. brethren,' rather to build up." in youf people Bimple -but effectual faith, combined with hope and charity: that faith, which of old. was content to worship in . the ' house,' or 'caves of the earth,' before the light of day. or in the darkness of ' the catacombs.' Then Was a pattern of sublime virtue given to rthe 'world in" all the varied relations of life—masters and slaves, children and parents, wives and husbands. Are we better Christians than they with all our _ varied modes of religious worship? Let us give, if wo will, of our best to God's service, the noblest buildings; the choicest ornaments, the most comely order of divine service, but let us never lose sight of those great Christian verities—'Except a man be born from above he cannot see the kingdom of God, and'if we live in the spirit let us also walk in..the spirit.'. When, however, I look back to our last meeting of Synod and re member the freedom at once, and faithfulness, the forbearance, the candor, and-the.charity which then on the whole characterised our dis cussion's, I do believe that that assembly was not left without the- guidance of the Spirit of God. I fervently pray and hope that a like spirit will govern our present assembly. If ,there are. questions to- be sifted or doubts removed," be persuaded that an " honest, loving regard - for God's truth is_ perfectly compatible with gentleness, impartiality, and sincerity. Let us, then, seek the things which make for peace, not by insincere compromise, but by the wisdom which is from above—:first pure and then peaceable : easy to be entreated; because always endeavoring to keep the unity! of the Spirit in the bond of peace, as well as righteousness of life. i .. The Synod will meet for. business at the Church Office this afternoon at 3 o'clock. i 