LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The SrKAKEE took the chair at eight minutes past seven. » Mr. CO WPER laid on the table a copy of the by-laws of the municipality of Bathurst, which were ordered to be printed. BILLS READ A THIRD TIME. On formal motions by Sir. SAMUEL, the Appro priation Bill, the Loan Bill, and the Penalties Remission Bill, were read a third time, passed, and transmitted by message to the Legislative Council. On formal motions by Mr. COWPER, the Census Bill was read a third time, passed, and returned to the Legislative Council without amendment, and the Promissory Oaths Bill was read a third time, passed, and transmitted by message to the Legislative Council. ADJOURNMENT FOR THE RACES. Mr. DRIVER moved, that this House, at its rising, do adjourn until to-morrow (this day), at seven o'clock. The motion was carried. ''BYDJ^r WATER SUPPLY COMMITTEE. Mr. WILSON, wltn ilC consent of the House, moved that leave be given to -*; 'Ittt cormYuttce on the water supply tot ^jiney and suburbs to sit during any adjournment of the House. The motion was carried. AUDIT BILL. Sir. COWPER moved the second reading of the Audit Bill. He said the subject with which this bill dealt had been under discussion evtr since the commencement of responsible government. In 1856, in 1857, and 1859, bills were prepared on the subject. 3Ir. Cowper then read from a report on the subject by Sir. Kolleston, end also from the report of a board appointed to consider the subject. Both these maintained that a check over the expendi ture of public money Bhould be secured by giving addi tional power to the auditor-general. Various changes had been made. After the appointment of Sir. Eag&r; as Treasurer, the system now in operation was intro duced. The object of this bill was to provide for the more effectual audit of public accounts, to make the auditor-general amenable to Parliament alone. This principle had been adopted in Victoria, and also in the mother country. The subject had been pressed on the attention of the Government by the home authorities. A difficulty had now arisen with reference to the pay ment of moneys for which there had been no appro priation by Act of Parliament. In Victoria a sum of L10.000, and in another way LGO.OOO was put at the dis posal of the Government yearly, to meet any emergency that might arise. His Excellency deemed that he was prohibited from signing warrants without Parliamentary sanction. This state of things had already created some inconvenience ; and would create more, unless Parliament placed the auditor-general in such a posi tion that the Governor would feel that he was warranted in making payments on his certificate. The object was to give the auditor-general an independent position— to give him power to certify what money had been sanctioned by law. At present the Treasurer alone is responsible to Parliament; and the auditor general does not lay before Parliament any accounts at alL It would be the duty of the auditor-general, under this bill, to report to Parliament. This bill was pre pared in part from the Victorian Act, in part from the Imperial Act. Without something of this kind the Governor might be placed in embarrassing circum stances in regard to the payment of moneys required for the public service. Air. FORSTER believed this bill was introduced with the expectation of very great improvement in the system of public accounts. But this bill did not provide for cases of emergency, in which collisions might take place between his Excellency and his Ministers. He doubted whether any bill could do this. But this bill, by defin ing, would rather add to the difficulty. The Governor being controlled by instructions from home, and having no interest to go against those instructions, or give the benefit of a doubt to the interests of the colony as against such instructions, would be likely to take the course of objecting to expenditure ; while his Blinisters were likely to see more forcibly the interest of the country in the expen diture of money. Thus a dead lock might arise ; and he (Sir. Forster) did not see how a dead-lock of that kind was to be met. This bill did not meet that case. He did not say that the bill did not meet many require ments of the public interest But this kind of emergency it did not meet. There was one clause in the bill, the 25th, to which he took objection. That section would place the auditor-general in a far more impregnable position than the judges of the supreme court. The judges, under the Constitution Act, thirty-eighth and thirty-sineth sections, held office during food behaviour, subject to the proviso that it should be lawful for the Crown to remove them on address from both Houses of Parliament. From' these it was inferred that the Government had no power to remove judges except on address from both Houses. He took exception to that inference. As judges held office 'during good behaviour,' if they misbehaved the Government might remove them at once. The proviso was intended to supplement the power of the Government to remove the judges. Addresses from both Houses would authorize the Government to remove judges, without giving any reason whatever. It might be desirable for the public interest to remove a, judge whose misconduct did not amount to a misdemeanour. But in case of felony, or disgraceful offence, it was monstrous to suppose that the Government could not at once remove an offending judge. These clauses gave Par liament a power supplementary altogether to that of the Government in the removal of judges. Now, he held that it was not expedient to place the auditor general in a position more secure than that of the judges. It would be better to adopt the language of the Constitution Act in reference to judges. filr.PIDDIXGTON thought this a very innocent bill, that could not accomplish the object desired ; that would merely make the auditor-general a little more respectable, but it would not give luin an iudependert position. Sir. M. STEPHEN, with reference to the points spoken of by Sir. Forster, read a passage from 151&ck-; Btone's Commentaries, to the effect that judges were not liable to removal except on address of both Homes of Parliament, The bfll-wes then 'read awscond fame. The House then went into committee on the bill. Mr. COOTFER -withdrew clause* eleven and sixteen, withaviewftoamendment. . Clauses one to twenty-three were then earned. Mr. FOBETER moved* an amendment in claus* TtoigSaned discussion ensued, and subsequently a modified amendment, proposed by Mr. Forster, was Mr PABK23S proposed a further amendment, laving the effect of empowering the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, to suspend the auditor genual for incompetence or misbehaviour, and to cause the reasons for such suspension to be laid before Parliament, if.it be then sitting, and if not sitting, within seven days from the meeting of Parliament, and if an address shall not be presented by both Houses respectively against such suspension, the auditor general shall not be restored. The amendment was earned. Mr. FTTZPATRICK proposed another amendment to meet the case if Parliament should take no action in the matter. . „ „ ,. It was opposed by Mr. Parkes and Sir. Hoskrns, who pointed out the difficulty that would be experi enced, if some serious accident was to occur on the railway involving .an expenditure of L»0,000 or 11 assistance was required in a case of floods, if the Gover nor would not sign a warrant for expenditure, with out the authority of-the auditor-general. Sir. SAMUEL said there was no provision in the bill that gave cortrol of the Government to the auditor-general in isgard to the expenditure of public money. If the Executive Council thought it neceesaif- to advise his Excellency to sign any warrant for the payment of money, and he declined to do so, there were two courses open to the Ministry : the first was to resign ; the second, if they thought proper, to expend the money on their own responsibility, and come down to Parliament and ask for a bill of indemnity. He contended that that practice was in effect the practice in England. ~ Sir. ROBERTSON opposed the principle altogether, as an inroad upon responsible government. The amendment was carried. The remainder of the clauses were passed, some of them, being verbally amended ; several which dealt more particularly with the amendment of the statutory law with regard to offences under the Act being withdrawn, on the suggestion of Sir. Fitzpatrick, Sir. Cowper admitting that the criminal law was defective, but he would have the subject effectively dealt with in the bill for the amending the criminal law. The preamble and schedules were passed, and two new clauses were added to the bill. Sir. SAMUEL proposed to substitute a clause for clause eighteen, by which* should the exigencies of the public service demand it, the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, might apply unex pended balances to any other head of public service. After some discussion on an amendment, to the effect that such balances should not apply to sums voted for public works. The clause was carried. Tho bill as amended was then adopted and reported to the House. ROAD THROUGH YOUNG. Tho House proceeded to the consideration in com mittee of the whole of the propriety of presenting an address to the Governor, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the supple mentary estimates for 18G9 the sum of L500, for the purpose of making approaches to and repairing the main road through the town of Yonng. Mr. WATSON moved that the address be adopted. The motion was carried, and a resolution to that effect was agreed to, reported, and adopted by the BRIDGES OVER CASTLE'S AND FISHER'S CREEKS. Consideration in committee of the whole of the pro priety of presenting an address to the Governor, pray ing that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be paced on the supplementary estimates for 18C9 the sum of L500, for the purpose of erecting bridges over Castle's and Fisher's Creeks, near Burrowa. Sir. WATSON moved a resolution to the above effect, which was carried and passed through its various stages in the House. CAPITAL PUNISHMENT ABOLITION BILL. The order of tho day for the second reading of the Capital Punishment Abolition Bill, was, on the motion of Dr. BROOKES, discharged. SMALL DEBTS RECOVERY BILL. In committee the amendments of the Council were agreed to, and the report was adopted by the House. The necessary message was transmitted to the Legisla tive Council. The resolution of committee respecting the desir ability of introducing the Immigration Bill was agreed to by the House. The House adjourned at nine minutes to eleven, ? until seven o'clock on Friday evening. THE SHABWELLS OF KABY Chatter XV.— Good- Night. ' I was going to say I should not have known you, Rachel,' said Charlie Mordant ; but I can't say that, for I should know you anywhere and almost at any distance— ever so far away. But it is nearly two years since I saw you, and you have grown so tall, and yet you are little Rachel Shftdwell still— the same, yet not he same, but always the same to me, and I know I m talking nonsense ; but I know what I mean, though I see you are laughing at me.' He smiled, and was speaking very low. . 'Was I laughing?' said the pretty girl, who was leaning lightly on the ancient grand piano. ' I always laugh when a sentence gets entangled— particularly a fine one. So perhaps I did laugh, though I really wasn't conscious.' ' Yon never said— well, no matter, he began, and she saw him glance quickly round, and, being satisfied that their little talk was not overheard, he resumed, ' and you never said you were glad to see me. Very ill-natured of you, I think, considering what old friends we are, and that I've been half-way over the world since I saw you, isn't it ?' ' Why, yes, of course I'm glad to see you. 'It's very odd what a pleasure you take— I don't mean you, in particular, but all of you — in bewilder ing and mocking us men. I never know when you're in earnest. You're so awfully insincere, and take such a delight in it. What can be the pleasure of it? It is so odd?' ,, , ''If one's known to be insincere, one's incapable of deceiving any more, and nobody has any right to com plain, don't you see ?' urged Rachel, ingeniously. 'Well, I'm not good at arguing, but I know this: I wish you'd honestly 6aq you're glad to see me, for Tm awfully glad to see you.' ' Yes, honestly, I am glad to see you. 'Well, that would be very pleasant if you did not laugh while you say it ; but no matter, I'm very glad to see you. I've been nearly two days here, and I assure you it has seemed like two months, for Slies Temple would not allow me to go to Baby to see you and Sirs. ShadwelL I don't pretend to say why, but you know if s'lewasn't a little fanciful and peremptory sometimes, she would be too perfect She's the dearest old woman in the whole world, and I forgive her all she has made me Buffer ; but she would not allow me to pay my respects either, and here I've been pining, iind now comes this little compensation, and I'm so happy ! And I could not have believed you could have grown so much ; you are quite a tall giri,?Bachel, and bo — so, very— but you were always pretty— lovely, I think, and as saucy as ever.' Rachel laughed again at this plain-spoken compli ment. ' Fve grown so awfully brown— like a gipsy, almost. I suppose you didn't know me when I came in ?' said he. ' Oh yes ; I should have known you perfectly, but great arrivals are always proclaimed beforehand, and Miss Temple took care to tell us all who was coming when we heard you knocking the hats and sticks about in the hall.' 'You'll soon be a young lady of the world, Rachel, you'll be coming out and all that. I suppose you'll go to the hunt ball this year, won't you V he asked. ' I don't suppose I shall ; I don't know really. Papa does not like our neighbours, I think ; he lives so entirely to himself, quite shut up ; but you know — ' 'Yes, I know. What lots of people he does hate, to be sure ! That is, I mean, you Know, I don't think he likes any of the country people. I remember very well how he used to avoid them two years ago, before I went away, and I know some of them did not like him ; and so, I suppose, he's as solitary as ever. How awfully slow you must find it at Baby !' 'Sly aunt Pleydel wrote to mamma offering to take me out next year, if she would let me go to her.' 'Oh yes ; she's in the centre of all that, isn't she ?' ' Yes, I believe so ; but I don't think I should like it. I don't think I could endure that kind of life.' ' A country miss, is that it ? But you'll find you'll get into it wonderfully ; you all do when you have the opportunity. I hear you are going to have a visitor a Baby' 'Oh, yes ! Sir Roke Wyclicrly.' ' He'B my guardian, you know.' 'No, I didn't knew.' ' I dare say he forgets it himself, though, no, he can hardly do that, for he signs the check twice a year for my annuity. I shan't be of age, you know, till I'm five-and-twenty, and then I succeed to — nothing !' and Charles Slordant laughed as cheerfully as if 'nothing' meant ten thousand a year. ' When my second horse broke his leg in India, I assure you I really don't know what I should have done if it hadn't been for that capital fellow over there,' and he nodded very kindly toward Roger, who was talking some very soft nonsense to Miss Marlyn. 'I met two or three fellows that knew him in India— by Jove, how they did speak of him ! I never heard a fellow so praised ; they all loved him. There was a poor fellow with a youDg wife who got into a scrape — put his name on bills or something for a fellow, and was let in for five hundred pounds, and would have had to sell out if Roger there had not pulled him through— he's an awfuily nice fellow, though he's such a guy. I wish Sir Roke was half as nice, but they say he's an awful old scamp.' 'Sir Boise -Wycherly !' '? ' Oh yes ; there are oil-sorts of stories about him. They Bay he lolled an opera dancer in one of his tern* pen at Pack. 'Oh, come !jou don't believe that !' '. 'WelL no I dont, perhaps. But, anyhow, it shows what a devil a fellow jnnst tie when things of that kind are seriously whispered about him. Do look at Boger -he's awfully gone about that girl— very pretty she is — Miss Marlyn— isn't that her name T' 'Yes; Agnes Marlyn. I think her perfectly lovely, and she is such a sweet girl — charming ?' said 'Bo Boger seems to think. What a muff he is! The best fellow in the world : but he is a muff, and I think J should not like him half so well, by Jove, if he wasn't a muff,' said ?Charlie, who was watching with an amused interest the progress of his wooing, in which he smirked and blushed like a schoolboy. 'She looks attentive, doesn't she? and' Bhe makes play with her eyes. Very fine eyes she has got, by Jove 1 Sc,e making an impression ; I swear to you he is.' ? 'I'm glad you think so,' she laughed. 'He couldn't do better, and if Agnes is to marry, I should be so glad she was settled so near us.' 'Look at him— do look at him ! He's so bash ful and enamoured; it is quite delightful!' said Mor-' dant. 'What fun that girl's having! she's greening poor Roger so awfully— I mean, making such a fool of him.' 'Oh, do you think so ?' dissented BacheL 'Think ! to be sure she is.' ' You don't know her ; that is the reason you say so.' Charlie laughed. So that evening his romance was prospering with honest Roger. The* purpureum lumen of his youth glowed round about him in a Tyrian halo. The seven ages of man to him was a myth. He had stopped short at the third, where youth indites verses and sighs like a furnace. No man was ever more unconscious of his years. Like the good moufc in thes old legend, who followed the song of the celestial bird, from bush to brake, from hillock to running stream, over bosky uplands and through rocky glens— led on by its warblings from hour to hour, till the day was past and sunset came, and returning to the convent door, found that fifty years had flown, and his life w»s over— so our friend, beguiled by the music of a won derfully happy andalovingsoul, went unsuspecting and sweetly cheated on and on, and the flight of his years seemed to him but as an hour. And old age, when it overtakes him, will lead him by a flowery path to the grave, still incredulous; And now the hour of leave-taking had come, gay and kindly voices, aud kisses often exchanged in the hall with Sliss Barbara, and a lawful consignment of the young wajfarers to the time-honoured escort of honest Roger Temple, and of his subaltern, Charlie Mordant, succeeded one another, and away went that pleasant party on their moonlighted way to Raby. Chapeee XVI.— A Meeting at WrroEnrEL. Three stories high in the roofless wall of Wynderfer is the stone-shafted window from which hangs, like a beckoning arm, a tendril of ivy. Over that window stone a poor Lady Alice, ever so many years ago, threw herself, or was thrown— dreadful, whichever way. It is still pointed out, and called the Lady's Window. You can see the quiet stars through the stone- framing in which, once, like a ghost, that unspeakable agony stood for a while, and vanished with a shriek. It is something of a Cumnor Hull story. Stark Shadwell, the philosopher, was entering into the spirit of his bivouac on the limestone block, under the walls of 'Wynderfel. He swallowed the thimbleful of brandy that was left in his flask, and lighted a third cigar ; and admired the thin film of silver that the moon was throwing over the singular landscape. The philosopher was looking up at the Lady's Win dow, thinking idly of poor Lady Alice. 'A devilish fine girl, I dare say !' And conjecturing what her style might have been — dark or blonde, with blue eyes, or brown— and thinking what he would have done had he been the cavalier who used to bribe the porter, and enter into the court-yard by night, he lowered his eyes to the empty arch in which that ill'Btarred lover had stood so long ago, and he saw the figure of a horseman standing in it motionless and black against the moonlight. Up rose Mark Shadwell, grasping the barrel of his gun hard in his hand, and called 'Hallo!' rather fiercely. ' Ha !' cried the horseman ; and there ensued a little silence. ' I say, who are you ?' challenged the stoic ' Ho !— Ah !— dear ! Mr. Shadwell? So it is!' exclaimed the voice of Carmel Sherlock. 'And what the devil brings you here?' answered bis patron. 'Returning from the mills, sir. All right, every thing,' answered Carmel, in his odd, gentle way. 'Why, this isn't your way — unless you mean to ride over the stile — is it ? replied Shadwell, tartly. ' Near — only near— not quite, sir ; but I longed to see WynderfeL I could not refrain. I hope it is ho ham. I longed to see Wynderfel once more,' replied Carmel Sherlock. 'Should you like to ride home ? You'll find the horse quite fresh. Will you take liim ?' ' No, thanks ; you'd better get home yourself, You're always turning up in out-of-the way places. By Jove ! in the days of Wynderfel they'd have taken you for a warlock, and burnt you some fine morning. You never do anything like anyone else. What the devil's the good of being so queer?' ' Queer ! am I sir ? Well I dare say ; but I only wanted to look at the old house. I've been dreaming such odd dreams about the Lady's Window, and all sorts of faces, so confused. I wished to look at the place again to try and understand them, and what it all may mean.' ' Well, if I were you, I'd come down in the daylight or get my bed down here, and sleep, if you like it bet ter. Capital place for dreaming dreams and seeing visions; but just for to- night, I'd get home and have gome supper.' Carmel Sherlock had dismounted as Shadwell spoke these jeering words, and led his horse across the inter vening space. 'I know Sir Roke Wycherly's face, sir. I saw him once when I#vas at Sidney, at Cambridge. I wish I did not dream at all, or could remember my dreams clearly. His face is always there, and there was some thing last night I saw about the Lady's Window up there,' he pointed with his finger at it; 'something, but I can't recollect it — I can't. Only he was there, and you sir, you were — my God ! climbing with a body like a black monkey's and your own face.' ' Ah ! thank you,' said Mark Shadwell, with a nod, 'I hate them. It was quite clear, the whole thing as I dreamed it ; but it all went to pieces as I awoke. I'd give as eye or a hand sir, almost, could I gather it up again, for I know its true, whatever it was, and I understood it quite— true and dreadful, sir. My face and forehead and hair were all wet, and I was cold as death when I awakened. It's worth knowing, if I could but remember it !' His fingers were laid on Mark Shadwell's as he whispered this, and his palo countenance and large eyes gazed into his face with a sear and frightened scrutiny, as if imploring a tint or a conjecture. 'What the devil are you afraid of ?' asked Shad - well with a laugh that sounded oddly in his own ears. ' Dreams, indeed ! Pretty stuff ! ? me, I often wonder you don't set up for a fortune teller, or a prophet, or a new Evangelist. Pity to put your candle under a bushel when you might make such a good thing of it.' ' I thought, perhaps, I might recover it if I looked at this place ; but no, no, I can't find the clue ; these voices in the air, sir, if you don't writedown what they say while it is in your ear, you lose it. You may us well follow the wind or try to paint the clouds of last year ; it's all gone. But oh, sir, I wish he wasn't coming.' 'Yes, Wycherly, it's very alarming, isn't' it?' aoquiesced Shadwell, with one of his ironies, as he watched the smoke which he had just blown from his lips dispersing. 'Sir Roke Wycherly, baronet,' resumed Sherlock, ' Yes, it's bad — it is bad ; there's ' something about it, sir, Mb coming here. I fear him — I misdoubt him, I do— I fear him,' murmured Carmel Sherlook, looking up at Lady Alice's window, and through it at the stars in the deep sky ; ' I can't win it bock, anyway ; it won't come ; it's enough to make a man mod.' , ' Quite enough. I don't wonder you're so much afraid of Wycherly; he is such a formidable fellow, with his asthma, and his dyspepsia, and his drops, and his candle— enough to frighten » giant, by Jove ! ' observed Mr. Shadwell, getting up. 'You may as well get home, and 111 talk to you by and by.' 'The horse?' said Carmel, again offering the bridle to his patron. 'No, Til walk, I tell you— rd rather,' he said; and Carmel Sherlock, throwing first a dreamy look around him, and then looking down in thought upon the ground, led the horse away through the archway, and Shadwell Boon heard the clink of his hoofs as he trotted briskly along the little by-road below the old walls of Wynderfel toward Raby HalL 'Thatfellow will be stark mad some of these days —by Jove ! he is mad ! He'll be up in a mad-house so sure as I stand here. I wonder how long the fellow will last before he breaks out !' muttered Shadwell, in that vein of soliloquy which was customary with him whenever he had just closed an interview with his eccentric assistant ; and having settled this point with himself, as he did at least once every day, he watched the flight of a bat for a while, and had even thought of shooting it, only he did not wish the trouble of loading. Then he reflected what |a (cross- grained world it was, and how he had been twice interrupted in that most unlikely spot, by which three persons seldom passed in a week, and then he began to think of Roke wycherly. 'It's an odd thing, devilish odd— that fellow's always maundering about here, and dreaming and fancying some mischief is brewing ; and I can't get the same thing, by Jove ! out of my head either. And hang me if lean think of any mischief he can do me. What can he do to injure me ? If ho were thinking of a lawsuit, it could do him no earthly good coming down here. Inquiries— evidence — stuff ! He's no such ass as to think he could do it. That's the work of some fellow bred to attorney business. Devil a thine can he do to hurt me by coining down here; and yet, ever sinoel opened his note, it seems to me that I've been as mad, by Jove ! as Camel Sherlock, almost. I feel there's some ? mischief gathering, and I can neither shape nor prevent it.' With his gun over nis shoulder, Mark Shadwell mounted the stile, intending to pursue the lonely walk to Baby. But at the summit of it he paused, looking over his shoulder, for he heard voices approach ing from the other side of the smooth sward in front of WynderfeL _ Female voices sounded pleasantly in the dewy night air, nnd there were men's voices also. He guessed whose they were. ' Rachel, is that you ?' he called. There was no answer. The talkers were absorbed hi each other and themselves, end the merry voices and laughter still approached. Miss Agnes is there also,' he commented, in an under-tone. ' Pretty Miss Marlyn ! whatareyou saying, I wonder? That's young Mordant, of course; yes, seeing them home. I wonder they don't drive. Well, I'm not sorry ; It will help to prevent me from think ing as I go.' So down he came from the style, calling, ' Rachel ' again as he went ; and soon, with an answer, the party of four came around the distant comer of the old building, and Mark Shadwell greeted them and joined in the walk homeward. Chapter XVII. — A Moonlit Walk— Another Step. There was a momentary chill and shadow as Mark Shadwell joined the party. The garrulous merriment subsided, and a short silence came, during which nothing was heard but the tread of their feet on the pathway. Mark Shadwell inquired for Miss Temple — asked Charlie Slordant when he had come, and how long he was to stay — asked honest Roger how the cob he had bought at Kaby did his work. And with these questions find answers, the con versation flagged again, and the party walked on in Bilence. ' Five abreast is a little too much for this path, isn't it ?' said ShadwelL ' You shall lead. Go on, Temple ; you and Slordant take care of my daughter, and I'll take charge of Sliss Marlyn.' And in compliance with, this order, his daughter and honest Roger, with a longing, lingering look aud a great sigh, and young Slordant walked on, while he and Miss Slarlyn fell a little behind. Mark Shadwell strode on beside Sliss Marlyn. He did not speak ; a topic somehow did not turn up at once. He saw from the corners of his eyes her elegant figure moving beside him, with a little space between ; he saw her features too clearly enough in the moonlight, and that she was looking straight before her, ijther downward as she walked, and very gravely. ' Rather a damper, I'm afraid, my appearance just now ? You were talking very merrily,. I think, as you came round the corner of the old house there,' said Mark ShadwelL after a little silence. 'Yes, that is, I believe we were,' said Miss Marlyn. 'And what was the fun about ?' he inquired. ' I really forget, sir,' she hesitated. ' Now, you're not to be siring me, do you mind,' he urged in a low key. 'I told you before your poor father and I were very, very dear friends. If you want to vex me, of course I can't help it ; but unless you do, you really musta't treat me so very formally. I sometimes think, Sliss Marlyn, that, you are a very haughty young lady.' ' Haughty !' — really ?' replied she. 'Yes, haughty, he repeated. 'We never know ourselveB, I believe ; but that does surprise me, Mr. Shadwell,' she Baid, looking down ward on the path before her ; and Shadwell fancied he could, with his side glance, detect a trace of an enig matic smile. ' They smile to themselves when they think we're not looking ; what are they dreaming of, I wonder, when they do it ? It's very becoming,' he thought. I tell you what, now — you know you're ray seore tary, and we are on confidential terms, and you must isten to me — and I do say, you are as haughty a little queen as ever swayed the sceptre of empire.' ' You don't think so, sir?' said Miss Agnes Slarlyn. very gravely. 'There! sir again! Well, no matter, I say I do, I'm quite serious. I'm a reader of faces and of character, and understand the psychology of gesture, and, motion also, and I say that pride is your strength, and — weakness.' Miss Marlyn threw upon him in the moonlight another grave look of inquiry, which was, he thought wonderfully handsome. He looked at her a little directly and smiled ; whereupon her brief gaze was averted again, her dark clouded eyes were lowered to the path before them, and he could see her long eye lashes ; and he looked a little while in silence, and then he said— ' The reason — one reason — why I say you are so haughty, is this : that you keep me so at arm's length. All very well, of course, if I were a young jackanapes ; but I'm not— I'm an old fellow.' There was no remark. 'Old enough, at all events, to have that daughter,' and he nodded toward Rachel. ' And, besides, even if I had never known or cored for your poor father— who, I've told you very often, was my most intimate and dear friend— I air, and I feel it, and I wish to Heaven you could understand it too — I am, in virtue of your position under my roof your guardian. I'm not jesting -Fm perfectly serious. I consider you as my word ; and you'll see, should you ever need it, there's no trouble I should shrink from, no exertion I'm not ready to make in your behalf. ,1 know it's easy to say all this, and not very likely, you'll think, perhaps, that my services will ever be needed ; but, by Jove ! I mean what I say, and I wish they were,' then I might prove it.' 'You are too good, Mr. Shadwell,' said she' and the low and very sweet notes in which these words were spoken, she fancied, touched him. ' Yes you'll flee it ; I regard you as a second daughter — I do, I assure yen.' ?' Miss Marlyn made no answer. ' And, in some respects, you could fill a place in my confidence which a daughter cannot,' he said, in a very earnest, but a lower key. Miss Slarlyn looked at him for the first time quite direct, with a wondering and almost startled glance. ' I do not understand, sir,' she said. ' No, of course— how should you ?' said he. ' But there are lots of things I can't talk to Rachel about, even if she had sense to make it worth the trouble on account of her mother. Why, you look as if I was going to talk treason and blasphemy, whereas I was really only going to speak very sober good sense. ' And saying this, Mr. Shadwell laughed a little, and paused for a reply; but Sliss Agnes offered no remark, and looked down as before. ' What I mean is this- you see I'm talking quite frankly to your as frankly, in fact, as I expect you always to speak to me — I say, what I mean is just this : there are subjects on which I can't talk to Rachel, just because they involve a discussion of her mother's pre judices and unreasonableness — and she has more than one woman's share of both, lean toll you — you'll understand better the sort of tiling I mean by-and-by. You see I mean to be outspoken, and hide nothing from my secretary ; other fellows would mince the matter, and take a roundabout way of conveying their meaning ; but with you,. I go straight to the point. She's delicate, she's peevish, she's exacting.' 'She's very kind to me, sir,' said Miss Marlyn, sadly. ' Of course she's kind— of course Bhe is ; rd like to see any one in my house treat you otherwise than kindly. But I mean, and you'll find it, she's no more good in the house than a picture, and she's a sort of worry besides ; and she can't, she never could, enter into my feelings. I was an ambitious fellow — I had plans for life — I wasn't duller than other fellows who have got to the top of the wheel since — but she was all agaiuBtit; such a drag, a dead weight, I never could more — all for a quiet life, and by Jove ! she has got it — ha, ha ! If it hadn't been for her, I'd have been member for Halford twelve years ago ; but she was in the way — a woman can knock those things on the head, you know. Now, Sliss Agnes Slarlyn, if you marry a fellow with any go in him, and any brains, while you live, don'ttether him down by the leg to a. post at the back of a rabbit warren, as you see me here.' This was a theme on which Mark Shadwell was more eloquent than exact. Perhaps his poor wife, in her ill required idolatry, had pleaded against his early maun derings about public life. But she had not had much of her own way hi other matters ; and I suspect that Mark's earnestness, or, at least, his opportunities, had not been quite bo inviting or so strenuous as he chose to believe. ' I don't think, however, Miss Marlyn, that you ore the kind of person who would want sympathy with a daring ambition.' For one moment Sliss Slarlyn glanced upon him a kindling look — something wild, fiery, admiring. It was like the hut face seen in a dream as a man awakens, gone quite in a moment ; for the young lady's look was again downcast, almost sad ; but that wild, glad, momentary look hauntedhim — it was inspiring. 'She's wonderful!' he thought, 'By Jove! a glance like the pythoness ! She's a fine creature ? There's no woman worth a fig that has not a vein of the tigress in her.' He walked beside her, quite silent again for a little way, and thought how handsome she looked. That look of strange admiration seemed burning in the darkening sky, on the grass, on the dark back ground of distant foliage— wherever he gazed. _ 'I say no one can get on alone — it is not meant ; one's own applause won't carry you through — one must have sympathy. I might have been differently placed in the world now, if I had secured it,' said Slark SuadwelL aloud; and I can't tell you how much obliged I am for— well— for your consenting so good humoredly to be bored with my confidences. You understand now what I mean ? I wish I could requite your kindness any way. You can hardly estimate the extent of it, because you have never known what it is to be in a solitude like this, without a human being to talk to upon the very subjects that most interest you— and I'm a fellow that can't talk to reeds and purling streams— and you have no idea how a secret preys on : one like that animal by Jove ! the Spartan fellow bid under his robe, and that deurared his flesh while he concealed it.' Mark Shadwell talked as if lie was immensely grate ful. He felt, on the contrary, tbithe was conferring an immeasurable obligation. He was thinking how flattered the younglady must be by this graceful con. descension of his confidence. He wished to please her. The philosopher may have suspected some little senti ment mingling' in his good-will .* and if there was, why should he not amuse himself a little? Heaven knew he meant no harm ! he knew himself too, he hoped. Had he not outlived his follies ? Of course itis pleasant to look at a beautiful girl, as you look at a flower or a picture. His statuesque* admiration was very free from danger— he was not like the poor little woman who fell in love with Apollo Belvedere. They were now approaching the timber that croups high and dark about Raby HalL ' And so,' said he, ' it is a bargain. In all your plans, and in all your troubles, whenever they come — and may Heaven avert them for many a day ! Fm to be your adviser and helper, to the extent of my poor power, do you see ? and you, in return, are to listen to all my wretched secrets, ei'd give me your advice — instinct is better than experience, itis always true — and we are to be true friends— real friends ; and I shall keep no secrets from my secretary, and she's to make me her father-confessor, so that's agreed !' And with these words, drawing nearer to her side, he took her hand and pvessed it. ' It is agreed, isn'|it?' he repeated in a lowerkey and more earnestly. She laughed a little and said : ' Yes ;' and he thought she blushed as she laughed. Yes, she did blush : he was sure she blushed a, little ; and she did not draw away her hand, as Becky Sharp or Sliss Jenny Bell might have done. There were none of their false pruderies — no leaven of the shark in Sliss Marlyn. She was genuine. That little blush was like the sparkle and flush of champagne in his veins and in his brain,' as he went to his study that night. TO BE COTINUED. 