THURSDAY, JULY 7, 1870. THE inquiry proposed bj' Earl RUSSELL into the relations subsisting between England and her colonies may have very valuable results. Tho number of floating grievances claiming any stray patronage that may be available, and sometimes attached to one colony and then to another, may seem to threaten a catastrophe to the Colonial Empire. It re- quires that some skilful hand should collect them together, and sort them according to their various complexions. It is necessary to ascertain their exact fibre, and to know whether or not they are only the- mere efflorescence which implies nothing but that the whole system is in motion. It may bc thus ascertained whether or not they really are threatening the. continuance of that vast dominion upon which, in a patriotic phrase, it is said the sun never sets. One, thing is remarkable, and that is the contradictory statements as to the sentiments of the colonies, and the projects which they entertain. According to some, the whole Colonial Empire is desirous of parting asunder, and its various members are seeking to form themselves after some of those models which either philosophical ingenuity or practical wis- dom have devised for them. It is quite right that we should, by some moans or other, ascertain how far the story of discontent is true. It is impossible to say that this spirit of hostile independence, which is said to be ending in sedition and rebellion, is i nothing but a ghost. The learned "and ingenious gentlemen who are skilful in de- tecting the presence of some spiritual enemy, are, like the venerable Dr. JOHNSON, desirous of rinding out where it is, and thus they go from colony to colony, as from room to room in some vast mansion, to find this veritable spirit whose noises and midnight rambles have disturbed the public peace. We much doubt if the ghost will really be found. But somethinrr mav be djsnnvei-p.fi wnvthv nf the search, namely, the reality of that spirit of unity which is after all preponderant. It may be found to induce most men to prefer connection with the great Empire that can always keep off the hands of strangers and secure everywhere the protection of colonial property and life, rather than a republic, even though it should embrace two or three mil- lions. It will be found upon examination that the interest of England in her colonies is one that she dare not resign. Disintegration of the Empire was first seriously proposed by a class of men of whom Professor GOLBAVIN SMITH may bo taken as the representative. These gentlemen tot up together all the supposed cost of the colonies, and then treat this amount as so much abstracted from the pockets of the English tax ' payers. They asked, as Lord GRANVILLE recently repeated, why the rich colonies should pay nothing towards the support of the English Government, while the poor people of England were required to pay money to uphold the rich colonies. The amount, indeed, expended upon the colonies considered at large, has been for many years very trifling. By a return published even so early as 1857, before a reduction was scarcely thought of, it was only a million and a half. But by returns about th» same time the British colonies took in merchandise to the value of forty- six millions. The cost was, therefore, only three vjer cent, on the gross exports. But how has the trade increared since that period, and how has the amount expended diminished. To represent this, however, in any shape as loss to the English taxpayer, must be deemed a great fallacy. The colonies arc I as much instruments of British wealth as her ports or her roads. To maintain them is to keep manufactures in motion. Separating all these interests, as if they were distinct from each other, must be regarded as a great fallacy, and, if adopted in a practical form, exceedincrlv dangerous. It is not, of course, for the colonies to deter- mine the value they are to England as a first rate European Power. It is alleged that they I are only an incumbrancc in times of war,-that they create an expense without adding anything to the national security. Earl RUSSELI, has endeavoured to ascertain how far these opinions arc correct. The statesmen of foreign nations are as strongly impressed with a sense of the importance of the colonies as some of our own are of thc incumbrancc they create. They find that the consideration of Great Britain is not so much founded upon thc power which she possesses within her four seas, as in that mighty navy sustained by colonies and commerce. These have secured for her not only a friendly harbour, but a harbour which she may call her own Frenchman, a distinguished traveller from Europe to thc extremity of China, called at all tho principal emporiums of trade and places of European resort. . He speaks with a natural heaviness of heart, that he had to go so far and visit so many countries, with- out once seeing thc flag of his own, except as a stranger like himself. Colonies of course can never judge of the importance of such facts in measuring tho strength of a nation, or in furthering its negotiations when it has to treat with its enemies. If, however, the* danger lo England from her colonies is not chimerical, can their danger from her policy bo altogether treated as imaginary ? No one pretends to deny that there is a re- ciprocal advantage and common liability. The necessity for any other organ of com- munication between England and her colonies requires more argument to make it clear . than that which has been hitherto produced. It has been proposed on innumerable occasions that the colonies should send members to Par- liament, and that they should there bc enabled to defend and explain the interests of their constituents. This scheme is liable to so many objections that it has been hitherto deemed impracticable. The colonial representatives would of course form a bench by themselves, They would have to take part only in those debates which might concern their respective colonies ; or otherwise they would become simply members of Parliament, partisans of a ! political Ministry, selling their votes for I patronage, and, in one word, doing the best I they could for themselves. It seems really suf- ficient if tho communications from thc colonies arc distinctly made through the recognised | organs of thc Crown, and if they are in due course laid before the Parliament of England. The disposition to meddle with oxir internal affairs is certainly reduced to its minimum ; and it may be found, after all, that thc diffi- culty of the colonies is one of a purely geographical nature, liable only to thc obstacles of distance, which the telegraph, thc great instrument of modern civilisation, is tending practically to remove. An inquiry into colonial grievances would inevitably show that they are much more in sentiment than in practice. If wc except Now Zealand, the colonies would find it diffi- cult to make up a respectable peti- tion. But upon one subject the colonies have great reason to complain-that those into whose hands ultimately tho determination of their fate must fall, seem utterly confused and bewildered in their own policy, and are without any definite or avowed plan of action ; and thus, with that carelessness which has been too often the disgrace of British statesmanship, they are creating the evil which otherwise would never exist. When a colony is told once in six weeks, by its highest aiithority, that it is on the eve of a great revolution, it is not astonishing that it begins to fancy that it is no longer safe. THAT Australians clo not yet know half the uses to which the soil of their country may bc put has come to be a common remark; but it is not so common as yet to see or hear of those who are industriously and in- telligently making experiments to prove what new crops may bc grown to advantage. Old habits and routine are too strong to be over- come. The task of pioneering calls for a good deal of labour, patience, skill, and thought, and most people are glad to devolve those duties on others. The Government Botanist in South Australia, Dr. SCIIOMBURGK, has lately delivered an address on this subject to the members of the Chamber of Manufactures in Adelaide, in which he endeavoured to impress on his audience that it was time to give up the monotony of wheat-growing, and to take more count of the variety and bounty of nature. The soil and climate of South Australia are. no doubt . specially adapted to the growth of wheat. That has been proved year after year, and the steady preference given to South Australian wheat by millers and bakers sufficiently testifies that in pro- ducing it the colonists have followed nature. But at the same time it will not pay to pro- duce more than can be sold, and in the lonjr 3 ~.~ ;f v.,;n nnt iiav tn exhaust the snit 1-..» ..mi AV XA-A A.K," r.v . - "j tho perpetual reiteration of one crop. Though South Australia has rejoiced for years in its profitable export of wheat, the other colonies have not ceased to lament their depen- dence on their neighbours in this re- spect, and they have made great efforts and sacrificed considerable revenue, to force the home production of cereals. They have, so far, succeeded that, with the exception of Queensland, most of them can now pro- duce, in an average season, nearly enough to meet their own requirements, and South Australia is more and more driven to look to the English market as a vent for its sur- plus-a market the profit in which. is both scanty and precarious. Under such circum- stances, farming, in '.which so many freeholders are interested, would be a rather unpromising pursuit if there were no other crop that could be grown to advantage. It is the object of Dr. SCHOMBURG ic to reassure the freehold culti- vators of the Province, and to satisfy them that they need not quit their homesteads under the impression that they have worked out their chances of profit. He began Iiis address by endeavouring to disabuse their minds of the idea that they could grow either sugar, cotton, or coffee to a profit. Thc peculiarity of the climate, and es¡3ccially its dry- ness, was, he told them, decidedly averse to tropical and sub-tropical agriculture. Sugar-canes, experimentally tried in the Botanic Garden, give only six and a quarter per cent, of sugar. Coffee would not stand tho cold southerly winds ; and for cotton, the summer was too dry. This statement, the truth of which there seems to be no reason to doubt, illustrates the more favourable position of New South Wales. Our farmers are not shut off from any of these three crops. That sugar can he grown to a profit on our coast is now a demonstrated fact. That cotton can be grown of first- class quality has also been proved, though no one has yet attempted to put the cultivation on a commercial basis. The - coffee-tree grows luxuriantly in the Botanic Gardens ; and there is no presumption against its being grown advantageously. If, therefore, our farmers are sometimes troubled with floods from which thc South Australians are exempt, they have some compensation in the fact that some sources of gain are open to them which their neighbours are denied. But though Dr. SCHOMIIUKGK. does not encourage thc fanners round Adelaide to base any hope upon sugar, cotton, or coffee, lie holds out to them the largest expectations in the matter of silk. For the production of this article the soil and climate are both admirably "adapted, and its cultivation is iiot only as natural to the colony as the pro ^htctton^^of^^wheat^^^m^^^^^^k^^^^^ more 'abundant, source of wealth. Silk has the great advantage over wheat of not being dependent; mainly on a local market. It will well bear thc cost of carriage to Europe, and, when there, will compete with silk which has been taxed with quite as heavy charges for freight, for China and Japan are no nearer to London than Australia is. To assist this young industry in every way, thc Government Botanist at Adelaide has made inquiries in Europe as to what kind of mul- berry is now considered the best for feeding the silkworm. He has introduced the seeds, and has oiTered for distribution young plants of the most approved kinds. By way of encouragement to intending growers, he men- tions that sample cocoons sent home from the colony to thc Silk Supply Association have been pronounced worth from 3s. to 5s. 6d. per pound-a very satisfactory result, con- sidering that 6s. per pound is the highest price paid in England for thc very best cocoons. He also adds that he is informed by a practical sericulturist that 3s. a pound will pay well, and that producers need not bc alarmed about thc difficulty of manipu- lating the silk, seeing that thc silk manufac- turers now prefer to buy the cocoons to the reeled silk, r Although silk is the great pièce de résistance in the imaginative feast which Dr. SCIIOM. BTJKGK spreads before his audience, there were a great many minor dishes besides. He spoke more or less hopefully of all thc following articles : flax, hemp, beet root, hops, tobacco, currants, raisins, almonds, castor oil, mustard, rape, sunflower, olives, canary seed, grain, vetches, yellow lupin, maize, lentils, capers, opium, cochineal, and various perfumes. Several of these have already been tested, and it has been abundantly proved that they will grow well. The only remaining test is as to the profit. With the largo number of freehold farmers that there are now in South Australia, all of whom are deeply interested in making their little freeholds capable of maintaining them- selves and their families in comfort, and with an energetic and scientific botanist, ready to help them with advice, and to show the way, it may reasonably be expected that the reaction against excessive wheat-growing will lead speedily to a multiplication of agricultural products, and to a widening of the basis on which rural industries rest. If every farmer would make a few experiments, would accurately observe and record all the conditions under wnicn inose experiments were made, and would contribute the results to a common fund of general information, tho annual treasury of practical knowledge would accumulate with great rapidity. When only one or]two enthusiasts go in for novelties, the progress made is slow, but where the work I can be largely subdivided, and where hundreds or even thousands can bc urged by self interest, and fired by an intelligent enthusiasm, all necessary discoveries as to matters of detail will be quickly made, the soil will bc forced ; to yield up its treasures, and thc owners! of that soil will be encouraged in their tillage i by the prospect af ample and ex- tending profit. THE SCHOOL OF DESIGN.-In reference to the paragraph which, appeared yesterday, we have been requested to state that the " elementary lessons " will be given on Friday ns well ns Tuesday. From the wording ^of the paragraph, members might have been lcd to believe that Tuesday only was set apart for this branch. MALTREATING A CHINAMAN.-Tito unfor- tunate "celestials" who earn n livelihood by hawk- ing goods «bout our streets are, as n general rule, looked upon ns fair subjects for thc practical jokes of those who do not possess sutUcient sense to appreciate and admire their industry and nerseverauce : but " John," although patient under abuse, is somer.'" roused to seek for protection against Ul?rt0,1,"lien¿rs This was proved yesterday at the v^ Court, where two seamen ot ill0 gj. Dlm_ craig were charged with Stealing a portion of the contents of n "uasket belonging to a Chinese hawker naroda Hoy Kio. It appears thnt thc Chinaman WP- cnlletl on board bv thc defen- dants, who, after taking him to thc forecastle, helped themselves to n number of feather brushes and other articles which Moy lue was offering for sale. He nt once appealed to one of the "ííicers of tho vessel but not receiving sntis_f» -üon. "gave the men into custody. ¿£2 üénch inflicted a hue, in each case, of j zus., or fourteen ¿«j-« imprisonment-and told the ùeiendants that had it not been for the fact that their ship was shortly to leave port, they would have been sent to gaol without any pecuniary alternative. ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL.-The public will be glad to notice that the unsightly wooden fence in front of tho above fine edifice, is giving place to a neat dwarf wall and palisading, so that the build- ing, which has heretofore been to a considerable extent obscured fi»m the view of the passers by, will VIP hetter seen. THE SUPPOSED CASE OF INFANTICIDE.-The inquiry into the circumstances connected with the late finding of the body of an infant child in a closet, at Railway- place, off Devonshire-street, adjourned till yesterday, had to be further postponed, in conse- quence of the illness of one of the jurymen, till that day week. It was certified by Dr. Muller that the juryman was suffering from an attack of bronchitis, and was not in a fit state to attend. BLACKWALL WOOL STOEES.--The Stores Occu- pied by Messrs. Read and Co., wool- pressers, and tho stores 'destroyed by tho fire some months ago, are fast being rebuilt, und will soon resume the appearance | they formerly presented. Those portions ol'thc walls j which wore found to be most damaged by the fire were pulled down ; such a course being rendered necessary, especially ns regards the frontage to the Circular Quay. LARGE SHARK CAPTURED.-On the afternoon j of Monday last a large shark was caught near Farm Cove, hy a waterman named Love. It was towed ashore through the assistance of a [number of the crew of the Challenger, lnnded at the Circular Quay, and exhibited for some time at Campbell's Wharf. It is somewhat over a dozen feet in length. SUDDEN DEATH.-On Tuesday last, the death of ii man named Edward Fry, 79 years of age, re- siding in the vicinity of St. Leonards, was reported to Mr. Shcill, City Coroner, at Iiis office. The Coroner, under the circumstances, deemed an inquest unnecessary, nml-gave an order for the burial of tho body of deceased. ACCIDENT.-On the morning of Tuesday, an accident occurred to thc driver of one of Messrs. Woods, Shortland, Fox and Co.'s parcel delivery carts. The man had turned out of n lane into New Pitt-street in n rather sudden manner, and on getting into the main road, the animal which was young and spirited started off. The driver, who swayed from side to side on the scat of the velucle, and who had apparently lost all control over the horse, fell off close to the Exchange, and one of the wheels of the vehicle nnssf-d over his foot, near tho ancle. Tile horse was cheeked in its career hy some of the bystanders, and the driver, who seemed to be very lame, was assisted hy thom on to the vehicle, one of their number volunteering to drive thc delivery cart to its desti- nation. EPISCOPAL ELECTION.-There seems to be something in the state of affairs in tho diocese of Armidale and Grafton leading the Telegraph to re- joice over the example set by the Anglican Synod nt Newcastle, in nflirming the .desirability of future Bishops being elected by the members. That jour nal says :-This is a movement in the right direction, tor it will enable them to judge better of the Evan- gelical proclivities of those they exult to such un oflice, und will be productive of unity in the Church, in place of exhibiting a want of co- fellowship. DnArr.nv GOODS, CI.OTH.NO, &C-Chns.; Moore and Co. request us to direct thc attention of the trade, to their important sale of new and scasonnhle (roods, just received ex Windsor Castle, at their Salo Jtoonis, 107, Pitt-street, Hus day,-at ll o'clock. ADV. ' ^Igj^j^^^t^^t^i^f^^^or^^^^^s^n^^u^^^o^B^^^n^^f SEVERE WEATHER IN THE South.-A gen- tleman just returned from Tumut informs the Wagga Wagga Advertiser of tho 2nd instant, that tho moun- tains above Tumut, and extending beyond Lob's; Hole to Kiandra, aro white from base to summit with a heavy pack of snow. Thc drift has been passing over for some days. Ile also states that the Tumut, whéii he left (only three days since), was rising fust. Ile describes the country ns in a fearful condition ; ? forests like quagmires, watercourses impassable, and thc roads like canals. Agricultural operations are altogether suspended about Tumut (as elsewhere), and cattle and sheep arc suffering severely from the wet and cold. Another paper states that there is plenty of snow and ice at Nimitybelle, Bobundarah, and Bombala. There have been heavy falls of snow at Seymour and Kiandra. At the last-named town- ship, it was three feet deep yesterday week. BOGGED IN THE KOAD.-A few days since (says the Wagga Wagga Advertiser 2nd instant) ait accident occurred on tho Great Southern Hoad, near Mundarlo, which sufficiently indicates the condition of our highways. A teamster seated on Iiis dray, which was without loading, drove into a bog. Some- thing going wrong with his bullocks, ho jumped from, the toil of thc dray to run round to the head of his team, but sank at once deeply into the treacherous mud, which clung Jike birdlime to him. In hi» violent efforts to draw his legs out of the bog ho fell forward on his hands, and Iiis arms sank to the shoulders. Thc front portion of Ids clothing became at once heavily loaded with mud, and in struggling to lift himself to tho perpendicular, he fell over com- pletely into tliis slough of despond. The unfortunate man was now m a most dangerous predicament, for in his struggles his face was partially buried for «. moment or two, mid his large beard and whiskers wore completely loaded with thc slimy deposit, which lind been forced into mouth, eyes, and nostrils. In desperation he cried loudly for help, and fortunately two travellers came to Ivis aid, and procuring ropes from thc dray, hauled him from the quagmire which must soon have become his grave. Ho was in a state of extreme exhaustion when extricated. EXTRAORDINARY DOG.-Tho Gulligal corres- pondent of the Tamworth Examiner, 2nd instant, relates, with all gravity, an nstouisliing instance of canine vitality sustained for twenty-six days without food. He says :-During the recent doods a well on Mr. Humphries'B premises fell in to within a short distance of the top. A short time afterwards Mr. Humphries perceived a hole on the top, about two feet in diameter, and thinking it very dangerous for thc children, he nt once had it securely covered. About this tune a dog was missing belonging to him, but thinking it might have followed some one away, nothing further was thought about it. A few days ago Mr. Humpliries was standing by the well, and imagining he heard somctliing in it, he removed the top, and to his astonishment saw the missing dog. A man was lowered down and the poor aniiiinl brought up, and seemed quite lively, but, as may be imagined, there was not much flesh on his body. With a little care thc dog was brought round again, and is now little the worse for its imprisonment. Mr. Humphries is confident the dog was in the well twenty-six days without food or water. THE RECENT EARTHQUAKE.—The subjoined particulars of the shocks of earthquake, recently felt in the coast districts to the north, are given by the Macleay Herald of 1st instant. Mr. J. B. Garrard, writing on the 23rd ultimo, from the Macleay Heads, says :—On Saturday, the 18th instant, we had three shocks of earthquake ; the first and second shocks were pretty sharp. The first shock occurred about 11.30 a.m., the second about twenty minutes past 1 p.m., and the third about 5 p.m. On Sunday, the 12th June, I was not on the Pilot station, but my men told me they felt four shocks that day. To-day, June 23rd, wc had a severe shock at ten minutes past 6 p.m., by my time ; it stopped my clock, and I think if my house had been a brick one, some part of it would have fallen. There was another slight shock at 7 p.m. The shocks on the 18th were felt on the Nambuccra, Warrol Creek, and other places. A young man named Smith, living on the Nambuccra, stated that the week before last he felt nineteen different shocks during that week. I don't know whether you feel anythingof them ; they seem to be confined to this vicinity. I am inclined to think they have their origin in 'the Yarrahappinni mountains ; and living as we do at the foot of these mountains, we feel them the most. And thc same at the Nambuccra and "Warrol Creek, as they ?? at the foot of these mountains. I should ..only prised if we feel more of them befr- _a not '¿e BUr. All the fore and middle par* ' ' ^ c tne night is out. cold, with a stron" ' . of this day has been very Immediately af'*- o southerly wind blowing, away nen-' ..or the first shock, the wind died AuutV -»y calm, and it heenme quite warm. r>' , --er shock of earthquake, very severe, was ex ..ciienccd at ten minuten tr, 9. nn ''r'"»c,in-, - ._-lilUUUUg, thc 28th June. The Rev. Mr. Rutledge, who has just returned .from a tour in the north, informs us that on the night of Wednesday last a very distinct shock of an earthquake was felt, at about ö o'clock, on thc Nambuccra Uiver. The shock was preceded by a loud rumbling noise, and appeared to come from. W.S.W. On the previous Thursday, at about the same hour, a similar shock was felt, and also on Tuesday morning a very distinct shock occurred THE MONMOUTH COPPER MINES.-The Monaro Mercury, 2nd instant, states that it is now in posses- sion of reliable intelligence with reference to the workings and prospects of these mines. It says the mines, which have been opened up by Victorian enterprise, nnd are now being worked by Victorian capital, are situated at the head of Gulgoandra Creek, in the Monaro district. A Melbourne company, having a capital of .£40,000, took the mines in hand, and dispatched a competent engineer and staff to work them. Thc result of their labour up to the pre- sent time lins been the sulking of three shafts. ' Two of these shafts have been sunk on the main, or No. 1 Lode, distant forty yards apart. From these shafts good ore is procured, copper being found in each shaft almost from the surface to the bottom. On thc "",."".1 1"/1" «1,A", FAV,,. vnr-Ae, ," Ko. 1 Lode, a tliird shaft lias been sunk, in which . rich ore has been procured in green and blue car- bonates, and grey copper ore. There are also four rich, branches, yielding good ore, on the surface, in the vicinity ot tho two main lodes. The sinking ia . through a slight bed of limestone and slute, and some rich specimens of copper ore are had whilst sinking. It is anticipated the ore will yield at least 50 per cent, of pure copper. There are now about ten tons of really rich ore (green and blue carbonates and grey ore) at grass, besides a large quantity of inferior or eight to ten per cent. ore. The miners are not at present sinking or driving for galena ore ; but they have raised about two tons, showing a very good pro- ' portion of silver. It is said the main lodes run north and south for a distance of ten miles. Mr.. John ,, Tliomas, under whose superintendence tho works have been carried on, left the Monmouth Copper Mineä on the 23rd June for Queanbeyan, for the purpose of telegraphing to Melbourne the news that tho mine was n most perfect and undoubted success. The lessee of tho land on which the mines are situated (Mr. W. Jones) expects to leave the mines for Victoria shortly, in order to transfer the lease of thc land, mid to assist in the formation of a company for working the mines on a very extensive scale. Thus it will be seen that the Monmouth Copper Mines pro- mise to form a very valuable acquisition to the wealth and industry of the Monaro district ; and from the circumstance that they have been opened I up, and are now being worked by our Victorian cousins, wc may infer nothing will be left undone to render them eapablejof paying handsome dividends. That they may do so, must be the earnest wish of all who have un interest in the prosperity of tliis district ; and from what is above stated, it can scarcely be doubted but that such will be the case. We have been favoured with specimens of copper and galena from these mines, and they may be inspected on.. application at our oliicc. The specimens are not picked, we believe, and may be reliably taken a» below the general average of the ore. If so, the galena lode must be very rich, ns we have seldom, seen so pure and rich a specimen of galena oro os that "lnporl ir, miv linnils. Ono of fhn prmnpr finn.eimnnH is very rich indeed, and we venture* to express an opinion that the ore in the lode from wldch it was taken will yield a certain per cartage of gold. A CHINESE INDIGNATION MEETING.-Tito recent criticisms which have appeared with reference to tile state of the Chinese camp (says the Ballarat Star) have caused quite a sensation amongst the Celestials. A Christianised Mongolian, from Smythes- dale, called together a large number of residents in. the camp at thc Joss-house on Thursday morning, and read to them the articles which, have lately appeared, translating them into Chinese. The meetmg was for the most part composed of the gamblers of the popula- tion and n/evv of the storekeepers, and it was agreod that steps sl'juld be taken to reply to the remarks of . the Press upon thc state of thu camp, and the pro- position to send nil Chinese home to China. Wah Pow, thc interpreter, the Rev, Mr. Yoting, aud sergeant Lamer, were blamed by the speakers at the meeting for furnishing the information which was published, and some of the most energetic of tho riMMMrtkHilnfdBlainriHilMHll~M~tt~fl"~~tfNI 