SIR PHILIPS WOOlNG.C „ tubington white, author of "circe," etc. « WeH» 6irrab, what is jour news of the house which I directed you?" asked Sir Philip Stan nre of his servant, as that worthy entered the ? nonet's lodging, flushed and breathless as if S erried walking. «js the lady I f saw at ludf niivlif. tnmil "ttri'fi 'HI WldoW ? <<ghe is the lady of a wealthy gentleman' from fhe country, Sir Philip," answered the valet, «. Master Humphrey Mardyke." _ . ujfy cousin Mardyke, as I live!- exclaimed the baronet. _ , ...... «< your cousin, sir t 4t yeS> fellow, a cousin I never met, but whose father x'knew well enough twenty years ago. I hare little cause to love this Humphrey Mar- Mvke fur he inherited a fine old place in Wax-"' ffickiT0» which, but for. his existence, might have come to me. And so that lovely girl is my coudn Humphrey's wife! I saw her but a few joiiiutes, when she removed her mask for cool- ' jje<s; but I swear I am over head and ears in,love vith'her. Never did I look upon a fairer face. J)id vou ask all the questions I bade you ?" . ' Yes, S«r Philip ; I contrived to scrape acquaintance with Master Mar dyke's servant; a- country fellow. The house is only a lodging- fiouse.'but the gentleman is rich. " They se few visitor and have been only six months mar- IlCU. " Grood ; I will call upon my cousin this after noon-' In all the libertine court of Charles Stuart there were few men more deeply dyed in sin than p.iilip Stanmore. He had begun life with every advantage, but had wasted liis substance amongst the most profligate men of the day, and now lived chiefly by his profits at the gaming- table, hv the victimisation of younger men fresh froiu the provinces, who in their ignorance of court aud town, regarded the accomplished baronet as the arbitrator of taste and fashion. He had spent a handsome fortune, aud had yet the reputat ion of the wealth that he had wasted. At thirty-seven years of age lie had learned the sharpers wisdom, and contrived to hoodwink his friends and creditors as to the real state of his purse. Sir Philip had never married; but the tiiue had now come in which he felt the necessity of some ha ppy stroke in the matrimonial market. He was still an eminently handsome man, and on the strength of au occasional epigram and a few graceful love-songs modelled upon the verses of Lord Rochester, and popular among the beauties of the court, he enjoyed the reputation of a very pretty wit aud poet. Trading upon these gifts, it must go hard with him if be failed to fascinate some wealthy maid or widow. But in the mean time Sir Philip was so ardent an admirer of beauty as to be won by tile first glance of a lovely face, and so firm a believer in his own powers of eo quest that he fancied he had only to secure access to the fair stranger whose charms had at tracted his bold roving gaze in the crowded play house in order to obtain her good graces. His surprise on finding the name of the lady was very great, and not altogether unpleasant. " Humphrey Mardyke," he muttered, as he paced the room to aud fro when his servant had j.eit him. Humplirey Mardvae, that smooth favourite of fortune, whom my rich uncle chose for his heir for love of a woman who had jilted liim to marry the lad's father Was there ever such a reason for favouritism ? And so that lovely creatui-e is the wife of my country cousin, — a woman bora to adorn a court. . I will call upon tbe-e newly-found relations without an hour's delay." The baronet put on his plumed hat, and then pau>ed to contemplate himself thoughtfully in the glass before leaving His lodgings.': " f,Tiie crow's feet begin to show, Phil he said to himself : "'tis time thou we-rt promoted to t the holy estate of matrimony, couldst thou but find an object worthy so great a sacrifice." He strolled slowly down the staircase and out iuto the street, where be gave many a careless greeting to acquaintance as he made his way to the neighbourhood of Covent-gardeu, in which locality his kinsman's lodging was situated. Master Mardyke was out, the servant told him; but his lady was within, and alone. Sir Philip was in nowise displeased to avail himself of this opportunity. He bade the man CU hah n a «r>n foil A ri'An c a otwv.?f1w wiiuuuiic IJL i.c liutaLj auu ivavncu cv on.noijr uu the lacquey's heels, that Mistress Mardyke had HP time to decline his visit. He introduced himself with a perfect grace that went far to set the lady at her ease. The lovely face that had caught its attention in the playtic-use appeared to him still more enchanting in the broad light of day, and the girlish timidity nuer, which testified to the young wife's rial rearing, seemed to him only to enhance i&riu; of her youthful beauty. He set to at once to ingratiate himself into her . by his lively description of town life and pleasures, of which she was thoroughly ait. cannot get my husband to take any interest idcn," she said. le is always sighing for Holmwood and his occupaiions." . ie is au ardent sportsman, I presume ?" ' es," replied the lady with a sigh ; " he ' trora October to April, and hi summer- is occupied wholly with the care of his . ?> ri dull life for vou, madam." this proposition Constance Mardyke was o assent; but slio hastened to declare that pUrey was the most indulgent of husbands, hat it ill became her to be discontented, wtet Mardyke came in while his wife was iug liira, and on Sir Philip introducing hinr- sa kinsman, gave that gentleman a hearty irne to his lodgings. _ t is vastly kind in you to seek us out., cousin, inga considered," he said. " I feared my Antouy's will might have set you against but I see you are' too generous to grudge me iVc-ur which habits and neighbourhood won : ie from the old 'man, while you were follow- \- ge king a fortunes abroad." tras they shook bands a second time, . 1 he baronet offered to introduce his kinsman ' ,le'"? which would make London pleasant to during his sojourn. is but a desert at best, unless one knows £a'd Sir Philip. "You must 1 V \ ne, 'ernoon, cousin Mardyke— a vb.' aceors mner ; and in the evening we V : >,cort , your lady to some plea.uw-gardens, \- e she wi J see the beauties of the touk She y find their graces but faded and artificial :e her own fresh loveliness," he added with a = ' » pow. - ' . . 4 iter some slight hesitation, Humphrey Marl acccpred his cousin's invitation ; and from ;. L!,;; ;eJhe baronefc «earoe allowed a day to pass ut showing gome attention to the country gentleman and his wife. He contrived to make himself equally agreeable to both. Before a montlq had passed, Humphrey had learned to takfe> pleasure in all the dissipations of his cousin's' profligate existence j while Constance Had fallen iuto a fatal habit of making comparisons betWeen her. husband's country-bred plainness of speech and manner, and the subtle charm of Sir Philip Stauinore's discouse, which, flattered without seeming to flatter. She would haverecbiled with horror from the idea that this man was mote to her than any acquaintance should be to a married woman, yet she found the hours between His visits long and heavy ; and as the time drew near for the return to Warwickshire, she looked for ward with supreme dislike to the dulness of her countiy home. The time came at last, however, when the re turn journey could no longer bo delayed. The London visit had cost Humphrey a year's mcbme; for he had lost considerable suuib to Sir Philip at cards, aud had paid heavy scores for tavern dinners given to that gentleman and his boisterous hard- drinking friends. Nor was tliis the "only objection to London dissipation. Constance Mar dyke was beginning to lose the .freshness of her beauty in the feverish atmosphere of pleasure- gardens and playhouses. Her spirits were fitful, her nights sleepless, and her manner altogether changed from its girlish gaiety to the weary lan guid lislleness of a womau of fashion. It was in vain that Sir Philip entreated his cousin to remain longer in London. The hunting season was close at hand, and Humphrey was ob stinate. " You .must spend your Christmas at Holm- wood, Philip," he said cordially ; but Constance did not second the invitation. She stood a little way apart, but the -baronet saw she waited anxiously for his reply. TTa. nifirla Hip flnswpr a rlnnLfcfiil TTa htu so many invitations for Christmas; but, if pos sible, would spend a few nights at his cousin's house. " I should like to see Holmwood once more," hp said. " I was there when a boy, and well re member the fine old place, which my father was foolish enough to tell me might be my own some day. Do not think I envy your ownership, Humphrey. Yon make a better squire than I should have done." With this they parted ; with much cordiality between I he two men — with a reserve that was almost coldness on the part of Constance. Her hand trembled faintly as she gave it, to Sir Philip, and the one piercing glance which he shot into her eyes as she. raised them timidly to Ms face told him that his tactics had been successful. He had played his cards with supreme caution, taking care that no word of his should offend viae wife's modesty, or give her an excuse for bauishing him from, her presence. By every assiduous attention he had made his friendship valuable to her, and he trusted to the future to recompense him for the trouble he had taken. Christmas drew near, after an interval that had seemed bleak and dreary to Constance Mardyke, fair as was the home to which she and her hus band returned when they left Loudon. To Hum phrey the autumn months had brought pleasant . occupation : and he fancied the simple course of their country life must needs be as agreeable to Constance as it was to himself ; especially as she made no complaint of the dulness of her exist ence. and indeed contrived to assume an air of gaiety in his presence which beguiled him iuto a complete belief in her happiness. She was no skilled hypocrite, but a secret consciousness of her own wicked foliy had taught her artifice. The pain of parting with Philip Stanmore had awakened her to the shameful truth. It was not as a common acquaintance that she had learned to take pleasure . in his society. Unconsciously she had allowed liis influence to become para mount in her mind, to the utter destruction of her happiness. As Christmas approached, she was tortured by suspense, now hoping for his coining, now preying that lie might not come. " What good can arise from his visit. ?" she asked herself ; " the place will seem only drearier when he is gone." But, however she might argue with herself, the secret feeling of her heart was an ardent desire to see Philip Stanmore again ; and when his horse galloped up to the Gothic porch of Holm- wooa xxouse one nne uecemoer aueruoon, it seemed to her as if dulness and sorrow vanished before the coming of that expected guest. He came quite alone, unattended by his ser vant, who knew a little too much of his master's life to be safely trusted in a country house, where his tongue might have been fatally busy to the baronet's detriment. Sir Philip was not a hunting man, and his mornings were given wholly to the society of his hostess. Humplirey had a perfect confidence in his wife, and kuew no thought of jealousy. The | baronet was, moreover, ten years his senior, and j ilie simple country gentleman had no idea of the 1 insidious power that lurks in the conversation of an accomplished courtier and diplomatist. Left thus to their own resources, it . was not long before the acquaintance between Sir Philip Stanmore and Constance Mardyke ripened into something more than friendship. Sir Philip knew himself to be beloved, aud after a pruden tial delay ventured to reveal his own hopeless passion. The avowal came when his victim's en tanglement made her too weak even to assume TU/?inmnfiAn nvi.cVia rtAillll Alii VT flltTl f/) (VuU k?UO vll»J AiM be silent and to leave her. " It was an evil hour in which we met," she said. " You know not how much I owe my hus band for his disinterested affection. I was a penniless girl when he chose nie for bis wife, and from that hour to this have known nothing but the most indulgent kind u ess from his hands." . Sir Philip responded to this speech, by a lamentation of his own unworthiness, and an ex pression of his warm regard for Humphrey. He pretended that his avowal had escaped him against his own will, and promised to offend uo more. u Forget what I have told you," he said im ploringly. " Your friendship is more to rae than the love of other women. Trust me, Constance, and I will try to prove myself worthy of tk&t; friendship." Reassured by this declaration, Constance xio longer urged the curtailment of Sir Philip's visit, nor did he again offend her by any allusion to his guilty passion. The days passed rapidly in the dangerous pleasure of his society, while the even- 1 ' ings were rendered profitable to him by games at cards, in which his superior skill generally made Tiim a winner. Humphrey could afford to lose, a»id lost with a good grace, little knowing how welcome his coiu was to the empty pockets of his 'elegant kinsman. The simple-minded country gentleman had a perfect belief in bis oousin's friendship, and gave him his entire confidence upon every subject. " Yes," he said bnee, when Sir Philip: had been ' congratulating him 6n his good fortune, " fcbfere are few finer estates than Holmwood ; aiid should anything happen to meJ hi the hunting- field, my widow will be one of the richest women in" the country;" - \- ' What, are you so prudent as to have made you wiil already, cousin ?" " I made it a month after my marriage; A huntiug-man had need be prepared for the -worst. In default of- a son, my wife "will inherit every acre and every-sixpence I possess." - q Sir Pliiliphad beenartfully leading the conver sation to this very point.- Much As he - admired, nay, after his ' own fashion, loved -Constance Mardyke, it was far from his thoughts ; to en cumber himself with a "runaway wife, a ' penniless < woman, whose dishonoured career would he a burden to himself in the future. Very different would be his prospects should some accident "remove the owner of Holmwood from his path way.- - ' - ' ' Otice assured that the estate was secure to Constance in the event of her husband's death, Sir Philip gave himself up to guilty dreams aud guilty wishes; and if a wish could have killed Humphrey Mardyke, that gentleman would not have had long to live. With Christmas came other guests to Holm wood: Constance Mardyke's father, a grey- haired eouutry parson, a squire aud his wife with a couple of pretty girls from their home at some t wenty miles' distance, 'and a youHg man called Basil Huugerford, a bachelor cousin of Hum phrey's. To these guests Sir Philip contrived to make himself infinitely agreeabie ; and the festival season passed with much mirth and joviality on the part of all except the hostess, whose guilty conscience weighed heavily upon her amidst these simple domestic pleasures. On New Year's-dav there was to be a great- meet and hunting-breakfast ab a market-town thirty miles from. Holmwood, and Humphrey Mardyke had given his promise to be present at the public breakfast as well as in the hunting-field. This would eblige him to leave home on the previous day ; and on hearing this, Sir Philip declared his intention to depart at the same time. I came here from Lord Scarsdale's," he said. " His place is but fifteen uailes distant, as you know, and my road will lie with yours for ten miles of the way. We can go together, cousin. I promised Scarsdale to return long jbefore this ; but you have made my visit so agreeable, it is hard to tear myself away." Sir Philip and his host set out together on the appointed morning, accompanied by Basil Hungerford. Constance came to the porch to bid her husband and guests good-bye. >She was looking paler than usual, and strangely careworn, as it seemed to her husband, who looked at her anxiously as he bent down from his saddle to give her his farewell kiss. Why, you are as pale as a ghost, my darling," he said ; ' what is amiss r " She assured him, iu hurried accents, that there was nothing amiss ; she was only a little tired. Sir Philip Stanmore was the last to bid her good-bye, and as he did so he contrived to slip a letter secretly into her hand. Had she been inclined to reject the missive, she could not have done so ; bus she had indeed little inclination to decline this first letter which she had ever received from liim. As the horse3 galloped away down the avenue leading to the park-gates, she hurried to her room to read the baronet's com munication at her leisure. It was a passionate love-letter, in which the writer dwelt desparingly on the agony of this parting, deploring in eloquent words the fate that severed him from the only woman he had ever truly loved. ' Weakly,! fondly she dwelt upon these passionate words, and her tears fell fast upon the letter before she folded it and hid it in the . bosom of her dress. For two days she was to be alone ; ample leisure in which to dwell upon a missive that seemed to her like a first love-letter. Humphrey had written to her but seldom before their marriage, and his epistles were very poor aud sehoolbov-like when compared with the composition of the courtly wit and rhymester. (to be concluded tk oue next.) 