IjWY.Z.QOT UP THE GLENMUTCH Iam aW.Y AND How WE g90T BY POlOByBSOR AYTOU. 4..'!; [ilC 0coio. c , 1845;] ....' z [The following Tale appeared in the Magazine forOctotier,' 1845? It was intended by the writer as a sketch .of fome of the more striking teatures of the railway mania (then In full progress throughoitl Great Britain as orhilibited in Glans- a gow aid Edinburgh. Although hearing the aop t pearance of a borlesque, It,was in truth an soac corate delineation (us will be acknowledged by maoy a gentleman who had the misfortune to be. " out in the forty-five"); and subsequent dies closures hove shown that it was io no way ex- t oggerated. Although the " Glenmatbchkin line" was purely Imaginary, and not intended by'the writer, to. t apply to any particular scheme then before the I public, it was identlfied in Scotland with more t then one reckless and impracticable project t end even the characters introduced were supposed to be typical of personages who had attained some Y notoriety in the throng of speculation. Any such resemblances must be considered as fortlt- t oe; for the writer cannot charge himself with li the discourtesy of Individual satire or allusion.] p I was confoundedly hard up. My patri. a nmany, never of the largest, had been for the tf last year 'on the' decrease-a herald would a have emblazoned it, " Argent, a, monoy-bag improper, in detriment" and though the at-. tenuating process was not excessively rapid, it was, nevertheless, proceeding at a steady 1 ratio. As for the ordinary.means and appli- I ances by which men contrive to recruit, their ft exhausted exchequers, I know none of them. d Work I- abhorred with a detestation worthy t of a scioo'of 'nobility; and, I believe, you r could just as soon: have persuaded the lineal at representative of the Reowards or Percys to exhibit himself in'tho'charaeterof a itounte- p bank, as have gst in? to 'trtis my? person on the pinnacle of a three.legged stool.: The te rule of three isall very well for base mechani- a cal souls --but~.I flatter myself I have an as intellect' teo'lb go to be limited .to' a ledgor. hi "Augiusttio said my poor .mother to, me, ft while stroking my hyacinthine tresses, one a fine morning, in-the very dawn and budding- c time 'df myt existeiice-'" 'Aigustus, my dear k boy, whatever you do, never forget that you are a" gentleman." The .maternal maxim iu saunk deeply into my heart, and I never for a h monimnt have forgotten it. Notwithstanding this aristocratic resolu. a' tion, the great practical question, "Hlow am 01 I to live I" began to thrust itself unpleasantly it before nime' I am one of that unfortunate a class: wh . ,' have' neither ' uncles' nor 0s a iate. 'Formo, no',yellow liverless indivi. te dual, with characteristic bamboo and pigtail a -emblems of-half a million- returned to his is native shores - from Ceylon or' re- w mote Penang. ',:or ' me, no venerable spinster, : hoarded... in....the .Trongate, g permitting- herself few luxuries during a long o protracted life, save a lass'and a lanthorn,a tl parrot, and the invariable 'baudrons of anti quity. No such luck was mine. Had all. Glas- tl gow perished by some vast epidemic, I should v not 'have 'found myself one farthing. the b riclher. There would' have been no golden g balsam for', me in-the accumulated w~oes, of Tradestown,' Shettleston, and Camlacliie. s0 The time :has `been: when-according to I WashingtoiiIrving and 'other veracious hiso a torian-- aiyoung man had no sooner got into difficulties thana guardian angel appeared; to h him in a'dream, with the 'information that at such- and such a bridge, or under such and 'I such a tree, be might find, at a' alight ex. o penditureoof labour, a gallipot secured with n bladder, 'and filled with glittering tomnuns; C or in the extremety of despair, the youth had t1 nly to append himself to a cord, andostrait ay.the other end thereof, forsaking its sta ple in the 'roof, would disclose amidst the J fractured .ceiling the glories of a profitable d pose. These blessed days have long since i gone by-at any rate, no such luck was mine. I My,guardian angel was either woefully ignor- v ant of.. metallurgy or 'the stores had been b utbeptitiously'ransacked; and as to the other ' xpedient, ;I frankly 'co'nfess I should have a iked some better security for its result, than a tie precedent of the "Heir of Lynn." t' It is a 'great 'consolation amidst all thli - evils of life, to know that, however bad your ircumstaices may be, there is always, some. -.: ody in nearly the same predicament. My c bosen friend and ally,Bob M1'Corkindale, was F equally hard up'with myself, and, if possible, F ore averse'to exertion. Bob was essentially i speculative. man-that is, in a phitosophical c ense. He had once got hold of a 'stray olume of Adam 'Smith, and muddled his c rains for a whole week over the intricacies f f the'Wealth of Nations. The result was a crude farago of notions regarding the true ature of money, the soundness of currency, t andr?elative value of capital, with which he t ightly favored an admiring audience at " The t Crew ;" for Bob was by no- means-in the iteral acceptation of the word-a dry philo eophbei 'On the contrary, he perfectly I appreciated the merits of each distinct dis- i tillery ; and was understood to be the compiler of a statistical work, entitled, A Tour through I the Aloholio ]Districts of Scotland. It had very: early occurred .to me, who knew as much of political economy as of the bagpipes, e that a gentleman so well versed in the art of acumniulating national wealth must have some remote ideas 'of applying his priticiples profitably on a smaller scale. Accordingly, I gave M'Corkindale an unlimited invitation to my lodgings, and, like a good hearty fellow as hea was, lie availed himself every evening of the license ; for.I 'had laid in a fourteen-gallon cask of Oban whisky, and the quality of the malt'was undeniable. Thsea worethe first glorious days of general speculation.. IRailroads were emerging -from tihe hands of the greater into the fingers "of the lesser capitelists. Two successful harvests had given a fearful stimulus to the national energy.; and it appeared perfectly certain that all the populous towns would be united, and the rich agricultiral districts intersected, by the'magical bando of iron. The columns of the newspapers teemed every week with the parturition of novel schemes ; and the shares werg no sooner announced than they were rapidly subscribed for. But what is the use of my saying anything more about the history of last year I Every one of us remembers it perfectly well. It was a capital year on the 'whole, and put money into many a pocket. About tlat time, Bob and Icommenced opera tion.a' Our available capital, or negotiable bullion, in" tho language of.,my friend, amounted to about three hundred' pounds, 'wldol' we set aside as a joint fund for speculation. Bob, in a series of learned dis. courses, had convinced me that it was not only folly, but a positive sin, to leave this sum lying in a bank at a pitiful rate of inter eat, 'and otherwise unemployed, whilst every one else in the kingdom was having a pluck at thae public pigeon. Somehow or other, we were unlucky in our first attempts. Spenu. latorsare like wasps; for when they have once got hold of a ripening and peach-like I project, they keep it rigidly for their own, s ,swarm, and repel thb approach of interlopers. Notwithstanding aill our efforts, and very in is geoious ones they. were, we never, in a single. instance, succeeded in procuring an allocation of original shares'; and though we did now and'then make a'bit' by purchase, we more ' frequently bought at a ,premium and 'parted. with our scrip at a discount.' At the end, of six months, we were not twenty pounds richer v than before. i , , * "This will never do," said Bob, as he sat I one evening in" my rooms compounding his t second tumbler. "I thought we were living in an enlightened age; but I find I was mis- I taken. That brutal spirit of inonopoly,is still - abroad and uncurbed., The principles of free a trade are utterly forgotten or misunderstood. Else how comes it.that David Spreulreceived p but'yesterday' an' allocation, of two 'hundred d shares' ii' the Westermidden Junction, whilst your application and mice, 'for, a tliousand each, -were overlooked? ' Is this a state, of I things to be,tolerated Whliyhould he, with' Ii his fifty thousand pounds, receive, a slapping o premium, whilst our three hundred 'of avail- a able capital remains unrepresented1 I The o fact is 'nonstrous, and demands the immediate t1 and serious interference of'the legislature." a "It is a burning shame,"'said ,I, fully aliv ie to the manifold advantages of a premium. .' y "Ill tell you what, Dunshunner," rejoined M'Corkindale,,"its no use going on this way; 11 We haven't shown half pluck enough. These a fellows' consider us' as 'snobs,', because' we don't take the bull by. the: horns.' Now's the " time for a bold stroke.' The public are quite o ready to subscribe. for anything-and. well: a start arailway for ourselves." . t . " Start a railway with three' hundred c pounds of capital l" .. , " n "Pshaw, man! you doni'; know what you're a talking about-we've.'a great deal more a capital than that. Have not, I told you se seventy times over, that everything a man b has-his coat, his hat, .he tumblers he drinks q from, nay, his .very: corporeal texistence-is a absolute marketable capital ' What do, you' I call that fourteen-gallon cask, I should like to knowti" "'A compound of hoops and staves,'contain- b ingaboutea quart and a half of spirits-you b have effectually accounted for the 'rest." . "Then it has 'gone to the fund of profit i, and loss, that's all. ' Never let me hear you h sport those 'old theories again.. Capital is el indestructible, as I am aeady to prove to you p any day, in half an hour. Bot:let us sit down n seriously, to business.. We are' rich 'enough as to pay for the' advertisements, and that is all b we need care for in the mean time. The public of is sure to step in and bear us out handsomely b with the rest:" i o B" t 'where in' the fase of the habitable' b globe shall the railway be? ,Fngland is out of of the question, and I hardly know a spot in si the Lowlands that is not occupied already." '- d " What do you say.to a.Spanish scheme-. n the Al.antara,Union ?. :Hang/me if; I know d whether Alcantara is:in. Spain. or, Portugal ; but nobody:else does, and the one is quite as a good as the other.. Or what would you think. of the Palermo Railway, with a branch to the " sulphor mines ?--that would be popalar in the. al North-or the Pyrenees Direct ? They would all go to a premium.", , ; " I must contess I should prefer a, line at a home." : . '" Well, then, why not try the Highlands ? o There must be lots of traftio there in the shape ti of sheep, grouse, and Cockney tourists,: not. to t: mention salmon. and other et ceteras. Couldn't we tip them a railway.somewhere, in o the west ?" tl " There's Gleamutchkin, for instance-" p " Capital. my dear fellow I Gloriouos I By t' Jove, first-rate I" shouted Bob im an ecstasy of delight. "There's a ,distillery! there you know, and a fishing village at the foot-at S least there used to be sir years ago, when I E was living with the exciseman. ': There may 3 be some bother about the population, though. b The last laird shipped every mother's son h of the aboriginal Celts to America ; but, after t all, that's not of muoh consequence. I .seea the. whole ,thing I ~Unrivalled scenery slopendous waterfalls-herds of' black cattle v '-spot where. Prince Charles Edward met f :Maegrogir of Glengrugar and his clan I We v could not possibly have lighted on a more promising place. Hand us over that sheet of ' paper, like a good fellow, and a pen. -' There t is no time to be lost, and the sooner we get a out the prospectus the better.', .. . " But, heaven bless you, Bob, there's a great deal to be thought of first,: Who are we.to get I.1 for a Provisional Committee.?'? ... t "That's 'very .true," said Bob, musingly. I " We must treat them to some respectable t 'names, that is, good sounding ones. I'm afraid a there is little chance of our producing a Peer a to begin with." " t " None whatever-unless we could. invent I one, and that's hardly, safe-Bnrke's Pesrage c has gone through too many editions.. Couldn't I we try the Dormants ?" ' , " That would be rather dangerous in the I teeth of the standing orders. Bat, what :do t you say to a baronet ? . There's Sir Pollofen t Tremens. He got himself served the other I 'day to a Nova'Scotia baronetoy, with just as I much title as you or I have; and he hase sported the ribaud, and dined out on the strength of it ever since. He'll join us at t once, for he has not a sixpence to lose."' " Down with him, then," and we headed I the Provisional list' with the pseudo Orange tawny. "Now," said Bob, " its quite indispensable, as this is a Highland line, that we should put forward a Chief or two. That has always a great effect upon the English, whose feudal I notions are rather of the mistiest, and prinoi pally derived from Waverley."' " Why not write yourself down as the Laird of M'Corkindale?" said I. "I daresay youn would 'not be negatived by a counter olaim." " That would hardly do," replied Bob, " as I intend to be Searetary. After all, what's tbohe use of thinking about it ? Here goes for an extempore Chief ;" and the villian wrote down the name of Tavish t'Tavish of Iover tavibsh. - " I ssy, though," said I, " we must have a real Highlander on the list. If we go on this way, it will become a Justicisry matter." "You're devilish scrupolous, Gas," said Bob, who, if left to himself, would have stock in the names of the heathen gods and godesses or borrowed his direetors from the Ossianic chronicles, rather than have delayed the pros peotas. " Where the mischief are we to find the men ? I can think of no others likely to go the whole hog; can you ?" "I don't know a single Celt in Glasgow ex cept old M'Closkie, the drunken porter at the corner of Jamasica-street." "He's the very man I I suppose, after thle manner of his tribe, he will do anything for ia pint of whleky. But what shall we gall him ? Jamaica-street, I fear, will hardly do for a a designation." " Call him Tnn M'CLosm.a. It will be a sonorous in the ears, of the Saxon " I" "Bravo I" and another Chief was added to h the roll of the clans. " iN ow," said Bob, " we must putyon down. a Recolleot, all the management-that is, the anllocation- willbe ointrusted to yeno. Augusatus li '-you haven't a middle name, I think ?- a well, then,auppose we interpolate 'Reginald;' r it has a, smack of the Crusadees. Augustus a' Reginald Danshunner, Esq.,' of -where, in a the name of Munchausen I" tl "'" I'm sore I don't know. I never had any a land beyond the contents oF a flower-pot. Stay c -=I rather think I have a superiority some- i where about Paisley." . i ' ?.Just the thing," cried Bob. " It's heritable' d property, and therefore titular. What's the a denomination ?" ' aS "St, Mirrenes" ,a "Beautiful I Dunshibnier ofSt. Mirrens, I p give you joy I Hod you discovered that a little sooner--and 'I wonder you did' not think' t of, it-we might both of us have had lots,of h allocations. These are not the times to con. cI oealhereditary distinctions. But now comes it thetrerious work. We must have one or two s, men of known wealth upon thoe list. Theohbuff a is dbthing without a decoy bird. Now, can't It you helpmeo with a name ?" .l. i :,'In that case," said I, "the game is up, and Ii the whole scheme exploded. I would as soon c, undertake to evoke the Ghost of Croesus." fe "Donashunner," said' Bob 'very seriously, i " to'be a man of informition, you are possessed ti of 'marvellous few' resources.' I am quite ft ashamed of you... Now listen to me.. I have tliought deeply upon this subject, and am quite st convinced that, with some little trouble, we C may secure the conoperation of a most wealthy b and influential' body-one, too, that is gene- ti rally supposed to have stood aloof 'from all b speculation ofthe kind, and whose name would si be a tower' of, strength' in the, moneyed fi quarters.: I allude," continued Bob, reaching si aoross for the kettle, " to the great Dissenting n Interest." p' ' " "The what?" cried I, aghast. ' " The' great Dissenting Interest. You can't u have failed to observe the row they have lately b been making about Sunday' travelling and ' education. Old Sam Sawley, the coffin-maker, n is their principal spokesman here, and wherever ti be goes the rest will follow,, like a floak of tl sheep bounding' after a patriarohal 'ram. I N propose, therefore, to ':waitC upon him to-' c morrow, rid request hie co-operation in 'a . scheme whioh is not only to prove profitable, g but to make head against the lax principles C of thepresent age. ' Leave me alone to tickle h him; I consider his name, and those of one r or'two others belonging to the same meeting. hoiise-fellows with bank stock, acid all ' sorts a of tin, as perfectly secure.. These dissenters tJ smell a premium ,from an almost incredible g distance.. We can fill up the rest of the com-. mittee with ciphers, and the' whole thing is o done." : '. tl " But the engineer--we must announce such e an oficer as a matter of course." "I never thought of that," said Bob. r " Couldn't we hire a fellow from one of the n steamboats." A " I fear that might get us into trouble : o You know there are such things as gradients b and sections to be prepared. '. ,But there's t Watty Solder, the gas-filter, who failed the i other day. He's ea sort of civil engineer by a trade, and will jump at the proposal like a d trout at the tail of a May fly." 1 "Agreed. Now, then, let's.fix the number g of shares. This is our first experiment, and I q think'we ought to hbe moderate. No sound tl political economist, is avarlicoti.' Let us say S .twelve thousand, at twenty pounds a.piece." t " So he it." " Well, than, that's arranged; " I'll see Sawley and the rest t-morrow ; settle with Solder, and then write out the prospectus. i You look in upon me in the 'evening, 'and we'll a tevise it together. ' Now, by your leave, let's have in the Welsh rabbit and another tumbler d to drink success and prosperity to the Gleoo. mutohki" Railway."' I confess that, when I roseaon the morrow, a with a alight headache and a tongue indif. ferently parched, I recalled to memory, nb without perturbation of conscience, and some internal qoalms, the conversation of the pre vions evening. I felt relieved, however, after I two spoonfuls of carbonate of soda, and a glance at the inewspaper, wherein I..perceived the i announcement of no less than four other schemes .equally preposterous. with our own. But, after all, what right had I to assume that the Glenmatohkin project would'provean altimate failure ? I had not a scrap of stalls. r tio?l information that might entitle me-to Term such an opliion. At any rate, Parliament, by substituting the Board of Trade asan initiating body of.inquiry, had created a responsible tribunal, and freed us from the"chane' of obloquy:. I saw before me a vision"of six c months' steady gambling, atmanifestadvantage, I in the shares, before a report' could possibly be pronounced, or our proceedinge be in any 1 way overhauled. Of course I attended that evening punctuallyatmy friend M'Corkindale's. Bob was in high feather; for Sawley no sooner beard of the principles upon which the rail way was to be conducted, and his own nomi. nation as a director, than he gave'ii his adhe. sion, and'promised his unflinching support to the uttermost. The prospectus ran as fol lowa:-; "tDIRECT OLENMUTOHEIN R AILWAY. In 12,000 Shares of .20 each: Deposit £1 per share. Provisional Committie. Sir Polloxfen Tremens, Bart., of Toddymains. Tavish. M'Tavish of Invertavish.' The M'Oloekie.' Augustaus Reginald Danshuneier, Esq., of St. Mirrens. . Samuel Sawley, Esl;, Merchant. Mbic-mbho-vieob-indnibh.. Phelim O'Finlan, Esq., of Castle-rook, Ireland. The Captain of M'Alcohol. Faoctor for Glentumblers. John Job Jobson', Etq., Manufacturer. , Evan M'Olaw of Glenscart and Inveryewky. Joseph Heckles, E'q. Habbakok Grahbie, Portioner in Ramoth. Drumclog. .Enginer-Walter Solder, Esq. Interim-Secretary - Robert M'Corkindale, Esq. " The necessity of a direct line of railway communication through the fertile and popu lons district known as the valley ofGlenmntch kin, has been long felt and universally acknow ledged. Independently of the surpassing grandeur of its mountain scenery which shall be immediately referred to and othereconsidera tions of even greater importance, Glenmutch Skin is known to the capitalist as the most im portant nBEEDuNO STATION in the Highlands a of Scotland, and indeed as the great emporium from whlioh the eduthern markets are supplied. 1 It has been calculated by a most eminent authority, that every acre in the atrath is capable ofroasring twenty head of cattle; and, t 'as it hasi been ascertained after a careful 'ad. measnement, that there are not less than two Ii huedred thousand improvable -acres imme- "a jdiatelyecontlgnons to the proposed line of rail- a way, it may confdently be assumed that the k number of cattle to he conveyed "along the line will amount to four millions annually, whioll, it the lowest estimate, would yield a revenue larger, in proportion to the oapitsl subscribed, than that of any railway as yet ,completed within the United Kingdom. From this estimate the traffo in sheep and goats; with 'ahich the mountains are literally covered,'has been carefully excluded, it hav ing been found quite impossible (from its ex ;tent) to compute. the actual revenue, to, be drawn from that most important branch. It may, however, be roughly assumed as from al seventeen'to' nineteen per, cent. upoon the di ,whole; after deduction of 'the working ex- w 'peases. di "The' population of Glenmatohkin. is ex- cc tremely dense. Its seituation on the west cosat P has afforded it the means of direct communi .ri cation with America, of which for many'years T the inhabitants have actively, availed them- ai selves. jIndeed, the amount of exportation cc of live stock from this part of the High- 1 lands to the Western continent has more d than once attracted the attention of Par- in liament.. The manufactures are' large and al compreheiseive, and include' the most p famous distilleries in the world. The a Minerals are most abundant, and amongst al these may be reckoned quartz, porphyry, is felspar;. malachite, manganese, and basalt. " At the foot of the valley, and close to the u sea, lier the important village known as the C?OACU N of .INVERsTARVE. It is supposed i by various eminent antiquaries to have been tc the 'capital of the Picts, aind, amongst the busy inroads of ,commercial- prosperity, it ni stilt, retains some interesting traces of its at former grandeur. \There is a large fishing station here, to which vessels from every 1l nation' resort, and the demand. tor foreign produce is daily and steadily increasing. fa "As a sporting country Glenmutchkin is B unrivalled; but it is by the tourists that its beauties will most greedily be sought. These as consist of every combination which plastic nature can 'afford-cliffs hf unusual magni- al tude and grandeur-waterfalls only second to ti the sublime cascades of Norway-woods, of at which the bark is a remarkable valuable commodity. It need scarcely be added, to b; rouse tihe enthusiasm inseparable from this glorious glen, that hero, in 1745, Prince y Charles Edward Stuart, then in the zenith of his hopes, was joined by the brave Sir (rugar M'Grugar at the bead of his devoted clan. at "The railway will be twelve miles long, I and can be completed within six months after the Act of Parliament is obtained. The g gradients are easy, and the curves obtuse. I There lre no viaducts of any importance, and only four tunnels' along the whole length of tl the .lihe. The shortest of these does not b exceed a mile and a half. "In 'conclusion, the projectors of this h railway beg to state that they have deter- e mined, as a principle, to set their face AGAINST ALL SUNDAY TAhVELLINO WsITsOEVER, and to i oppose EVERY BILL which may hereafter be t brought into Parliament, unless it shall con tain a clause to that effect. It is also their n intention to take up the cause of the poor and neglected STOKER, for whose 'accommo- 1 dation, and social, moral, religious, and intel lectual improvement, a large stock of evan- g gelical tracts will speedily be required. c Tenders of these, in quantities of not less d than 12,000, maybe sentin to the Interim 'i Secretary. Shares must be applied for within d ten days from the present date. "By order of the Provisional Committee, I "RosT. M'CORKINDALE, Secretary." t "There l" said Bob, slapping down the prospectus on the table, with as much triumph e as if it had been the original Magna Charta- r " What do you think of that ? If it doesn't a do the business effectually, I shall submit to f be called a Dutchman, The last touch about f the stoker will bring us in the subscriptions t of the old ladies by the score." f "Very masterly, indeed," said -I. "But 1 who the deuce is Mhic- Mhac.vich-Induiblch ' t "A bonfij?de chief; I assure you, though a little reduced : I picked him up upon the Broomielaw. 'His grandfather'h?ad an island 1 somewhere to the west of the Hebrides; but t it is not laid down in the maps." "And the.Captain of bl'Alcohol?' " A craek distiller." . "And the Factor for Glentumblers l" "His principal customer. But, bless you, my dear St. Mirrens I don't bother yourself any more'about the committee. They are as respectablh a set-on paper at least-as you would 'wasih to see of a summer's mornings and the btauty of it is that they will give u. no manne of trouble. Now about the allos cation. ,: ?ou and I must restrict ourselves to a couple of-thousand shares a-piece. That's r only a third of the whole, but it won't do to be greedy." ' "But, Bob,' consider I W' here on earth are we to find the money to pay up the deposits .". "Can you, the principal director of the I Glenmutchkin Railway, ask me, the secre tary, such a question? Don't you know that any of the banks will give Lus' tick to the amount 'of half the deposits?' All that is settled' already, and you can get your two thousand pounds whenever you please merely for the signing of a bill. Sawley must get a thousand according to stipulation--Jobson, Heckles, and Grabbie, at least five hundred a-piece, and another five hundred, I should think, will 'exhaust the remaining means of the committee. So that, out of our whole stock, there remain just five thousand shares to be allocated to the speculative and evan gelical public. My eyes I won't there be a scramble for them I" Next day our prospectus appeared in the newspapers. It was read, canvassed, and gecerally approved of. During the afternoon, I took an oplportunity of looking into the Tontine, and whilst under shelter of the \- Glaagoet ITerald, my ears were solaced with such ejaculations as the following :- . "I say, Jimsy, hae ye seen this grand new prospectus for a railway tee Glenmutchkin ' " Ay-it looks no that ill. The Hieland lairds are pitting their best fit foremost. Will ye apply for shares " "I thihk I'll tak' twa hundred. Wha's \- Sir Pollotfen Tremens1" "He'll be yin o' the Ayrshire folk. He \- used to tin horses at the Paisley races." g (" The devil he did I" thought I.) I "D'ye ken ony o' the directors, JimsyI" "I ken Sawley fine. Ye may depend \- on't, it's a gude thing if he's in't, for he's a -mhowkin body." a "Thlen it's sure to gee up. What prem. n dy'e think it will bring I" I. "Twa pund a share, and maybe mair." S "'Odtl'll apply for three hundsre " Heaven bless you, my dear countrymen I" thought I as I sallied forth to refresh myself with a basin of soap, ''do but maintain this liberal and patriotio feeling-this thirst, for national improvement, internal communication, and premiums--a abort while longer, and I know whose fortune will be made." o(To oe concluded in our next.) 