THE LATE MR BAHHY. We republish in another eoluiun to-day an account of one of the most meluucholy suieides wo haw had lo rei-ord fur some time pnst— thai of l'hilip Frauds Gould Barry, a gentleman wlio mm for some years closely connected with the Tas. tuauian Press. jMrBarrycanie to Tasmania in JSU2, under engugemcnl to eonduct ' Tlie Reporter' a journal which had a brief osistenee in Launceston, nnd he was subsequently connected with the reporting Blair of the Itobnrt Town ifen- nru. and also of (he Tatmanian 'limn. He' wns a man of considerable literary allninmenls, nnd, without brilliancy, was yet one of tJio.*.- nlio »..«« njK- i-hllr cm on! for flie profession ol'jonnn.lisin' lie was an e\' oelleut sU'iiogropluT, and a very* accurate aud reliable repnrter, pusscssint; tliat n.'ee h.'nse of honor whieh cubic, m.-li lo dis tinguish between public duty and private friendship, and to elevate, for themselves a standpoint lon-urd* whieh they permit no npproai'h. IiilbemotliPreounlry UrBnrry bad a short connection with the Irish Press and soon after Ids arrivul iu Hie colonies became connected nitli tlie Mel bourne .-I //c. He was ill u attached to some of the Vii'loriau provincial journals, and in 1H5I! went lo South Australia, where he vus for a lime un tho staff of the Airer tisi-r and Chronicle. He. relumed to Vic toria in 185'J, aud was again for some lime connected with the Age and Jfeiald, con tributing to otlier Vietorian newspaper*, lated. In Holiart Town he' married, and from tliis event in his life we may date the commencement of his uiiKlorluncs. He was deeply attached to his wifo, but the uuiou was ill-assorted and. proved un uuhappy one. Poor Barry soon fell into iiil«i!|]era(-? habit'. Kntfogcmrats were not easily found for him ; ul louRlhdriv,n lo despair his mind enve way, and our readers know the end. A few weeks «go, the writer of these lines met Philip Barry in Melbourne;' he'then rclatc-i a w.4 nlorv of domestic trouble ; but lie had been re united to his family, had ohliiined an engop-iiieiil on (he Man' uf Ibi- Melbourne A rant, whieh he resolved to ' make per ina'neul,' uud all seemed bright before him. Once more he allowed au ovcrseu Kilivo temperament to master him. Once more he sought the solace of the demon driuk. Once more ! once only ' Tlie potent naison iitiite oer'lkrons Ills spirit, The rest is Bilenc;.' Mil SMITll-C01-ELAKU-C«l»-Cil.L*GIIAX.— The New Zealand barrister, who has been put to sucli inconvenience in consequence of having mislaid a ticket for liis passage by the s.s. ' Ttiumr/' was discharged from gaol on Friday, the Attomcv-Gcneml declining lo die a bill against Lira on the clinrgc of ob taining a passage from Melbourne by raeaue of making liaise representations. Mr Stuith Copc!o«!l-™»!-Cn'*.'!fi!:o]: immejintdj- called upon one of our ' rising young hamsters' for the purpose of rclniniiig liim in several actions— one Against Mr Fisher for illegal arrest and imprisonment, damages £G0O; one agnlnst tlic Contrail Chronicle for defamation of 'chantiuhur,' damages something enorm ous, lie also ealleej al (lie office of* our contem porary, nnil inugnnniinouklj- ciff.red lo let the pniliricliiM eseape snit-free for their miscon duct if lliey would i-uhlinli a proper apology for ntieiupting to damage his professional career as a Imrrinter in (*iis colunr. lie pur poses dealing in a diltercut manner with Mr C. A. \V. Uucher, who. conductel thu ' ],ar neculiou' ugainst him. He will accept the position of representative of the first district lie finds ?? it'iing a-begBiiiR,' like Norfolk I'lains nnd Hingwood, ami mii,le.e,.iid lo enter Hie House -if As.iemlilj- 'umnriff the roughs,' for the express purpose .if keeping the menilier for Norfolk l'l.iins oul of the Allorney-GeneraWiip— 'nbillpt'-liehclievcs tun; zinllrnian is 'nftlicr.' The Colonial Rovcmmcnls lnv -iinionnced a reduction in tlie charge fur messngessent along tlicir lines. Messages lo Victoria hysuhiuarinc cable it- ill remain an funucrlr, liut to tbe other colonies the charges nrc considerably less. To New South Wales the charge will in future be «s instead of 1 Is for ten words ; to South Australia, 7b Instead of I Is for ten word! i te Queensland Me inslcau* of Ma for ten wopR Ten words will lienlloned for the adjlrcfls and flignflturc { but all nljove tliat number will be charged for at the usualrate. TASH1XM5 TimiKli.— Tire Tasmania Timeimyt :— We observe thai Mr H. Uoyd han brought up In the Hwau&ea; Packet from Macquaric Harbour a portion of the original rafters of the gaol erected there bo far bock an 18-20. Tlic timber Is quite fresh and as sound as when Qrst uBcd in the building forty six yean ago. The raftora are of Mnc]Qaric Harbour ptac and arc well worth I tbc ininccltoQ of connoisseurs, I Mum: Uaii.wav PLANT AKU RoM-lKa Stock.— Captain Steckraan I. dlseliarglni tlir cargo of tlio terijuo Urasniorc with s^at rapidity, and In prime m-.ler. Two railway carriage a wcro safely landed on the wharf on Friday, and Iwo moro on Saturday morning, 'flic last livo wurc hoisted from the bold and landed In five hours anil u quarter. The rails fur completing the Hue ui UclonUnc will be iandej tliis ii-eck. Il -ra« eioclly twelve months on Friday last since the first trip for therefore WkIi tiliin il was completed. Mil. -CIUI-M.O'S WOVIIUIS AT TIIU MJ..C1UM.V lN»TiTui-i:.-Thc audiences at Mr Chapman's .ranee, at the Mechanics' In Milule increase (n number each nlglil. Ill's Tile irouders are nol lessened by being fre quently seen, but rather increased, lu Mr Chapman's ejise familiarity iI.icb not hrced .-.niteiiipt . The eomplele liicomprehcnsi hililym In lian- hi' 'dues' the tests, or the audience would engcnJcr awe if he did n.il treat the whole all'uir with such jocularity— miit)] amusing tiwiflialotirr and levity an to re-assure the audience, and place them at ease. Ills explanations of bow they arc ' done,' the tricks or the audience, aro not the least uimiaing portions of the entertain ment, as he makes lit! clear to tbo weakest comprehension as uiud in a nine glass. Ills feat with riec and an orange Is a wonderful one, on account of the large quauttty of rice required to fill the tube, and yet, without the audience losing sight of it for au iuslunt, the rice is transferred to a funnel, nud only an orange Is found in tbe lube. Tlie catiii I lislic cjokery which producea two live ring doves from a nan of spirits of wine, with rings belonging to persons in tlic hall on the necks of the doves, is another elaborate invBlery too deep for our limited vision. But there seems to he no limit to the vision of that accomplished young gentleman ''Willie.' lie must have discovered the ' double mil lion magnifying gas microscope of Ijcxlra power,' which Sam Wcllcr said lie should require before he could sec as fur ns Sergeant Iluzfuz wished liini. Mr Cnaptuun has to chock Willie's eagerness to tell all uliout caeli curious article submitted by Hie audi ence to Mr Chapman to test the scnond sight powers of the blindfolded ' Willie.' A» a general rule, 'Willie' appeared to know more nhout the peculiarities of these articles than cither Mr Cliapman or thu owners vrho were looking at them, and could decipher the mast indistinct initials or dotes more speedily than those who held the articles in their hands. Tlic company of genuine ebony minstrels arc aloue possessed of sufficient wit, humour, nnd general mlnsfrcl abililica to iiinke a living fur themselves anyn-liciv. Their conundrums and Bloricfl arc original, their u .ngs and boIos iu accordance with the rules of the highest ' nigger opera,' and their cornel ou the solo, or solo on the comet, very satigfyuig, as &fr; Chapman candidly re marked, ' those who hoar tliat solo ou the cor net will never n-isli to hear a cornel solo iitty more.' Mr Chapman's exposure of the Da venport mystery wan very interesting, espe cially the 'manifestation of the bauds.' Mr Ohopmnn felt ver) unwell ou Sa turday evening, ami as the weallier was as so inclement lie did not ptrform. On Monday evening be will go through a new programme, in which one of the feats will be scaling a man up in a sock full of ghosts (lie dnep not say whether tho ghosts arc to be visible or invisible), and will con tinue his exhibitions at the ifedmnta' In stitute on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings. He intend* shortly to visit JvvnniLile, Long ford, Wcstbury, Dcloraine. Ounplicll Town, liC. Theatre Rovai.. — Howard Payne's drama ' Thercsc, the Orphan of (Jeuevo,' was pro duced on Saturday evening. Mihh Ivate O'Reilly- sustained tbe character of tlic per secuted ' Theresa' very finely, but the piece is not one likely lo become popular with an audience deeply Imbued wiUi liritisli busies. The scene and all the characters arc Swiss ; the incidents arc too niclo-dranialic and ira nrtHiablc to excite the Hympalhr of a Tai ninnlan audience, nnd tbc humour of ' I1icanl,''ijavi-rn-t,'atid'ilridget,'fsof(oo weuk and insipid a sort to evoke genuine laughter. Miss Ada Hart was out of place as the proud ' Countess do Murvillc,' and in fact placing such a piece of stilted feuda lism on our little stage was a mistake. Tlie scene of all dramas ]icrfornicd here should be in Great Urila'n — in anr of tlie united kingdoms— the characters should be Uritiah subjects, or, occasionally, tho reigning monarch of tlie period, tlic whole seasoned, when necessary for the dcveiupmcnt of the plot, with the foreign clement, but a very little of the Frenchman, Russian, Prussian, Sjuiniard, or Swiss goes a long way ivifh a British audience, and Tasmanians arc as Urillsli in their tastes as the native llri fishers themselves. 'Theresc' was fol lowed by Monsieur Muasarlie'n 'new original ballet La Statue Magi-/ue,' a con glomcraliun of the most idiotic absurdities over produced on any stage. None of the cluraclers except Hiss Sally Lloyd as ' Kuzctto,' were fit to appear in a ballet ; tlic business consisted of a repetition of horribly stale practical jokca of bo pitiful a character as to create nausea instead of laughter. Kvcn ' The grand Chinese dance ' was in had tustc, and ' the new original ballet ' was a complete failure. The lessee hus determined to prohibit the produc tion of such French garbage in future, aud lo bring out the bcBt modem sensational, or ilritluli standard dramas and comedies, and the most popular burlesques. This will involve, muc'i additiouul expense fur new dresses and con tinual change of scenery ; but the people of Lauuccston will pay liberally for a high class entertainment, while they will not accept sueh Irasji as La Statue Magique at A gift. This evening the true British domestic drama, ' Simon Lee, or tbc Murder of the Willow Copse,' will be produced for the first lime; '(Juice llatbcrlcigh,' Miss luile O'Reilly. The scene is In «'arwiek»liire, the heart of Did Kngland. ' »v Uonniii naraod llje centra or our lanit, A title1 that Ibr ngei vet sliull stand.' The performance will conclude with the suc cessful -London burlesque, ' The latcs: edi tion of Ulack-Kycd Susan, or the Little Uill (last mm taken up.' Hiss Ada Hart, whose impersonation of 'Ixion' made her so universal a favorite, will njijiear as ' Wil liam ;' while Mrtioorge llromley, who made so brilliant n ' Minerva,' will personate the bcaullful ' Iilock-tCyed Susan.' The char acters in the piece are very numerous, eoin lirisiiw llie ' Jj-rd )li|jh Admiral,' ' .Admi ral of the nine,' ' Admiral of the Yellow,' 'Admiral of (he White,' 'Admiral of the lllaek,' 'Captain Crosstrcc' (Mr Walter Alrey), 'Dame llatley,' Susan's mother (Mr K. A. lleevcs), Sec. The piece abounds with local songs, parodies, other songs, sailor's hornpipes, Irish jlpr», brenkdoims, and the burlesque closes with a grand alle gorical nautical finale. Pei.ob.aine Acadruv. — In another column appears an advertisement of the Dcloraine Academy, tvhich is conducted by the Hcv. W, McCulloch. We have received a circular containing a number of very flattering tekt' uionlals from amlnent Divines and l'rofcs ?ors connceled with JMtaut Collejre, reBjwel Ing Mr HcCulloch's atiaimnents, which will be read with satisfaction by those whose children arc now under that gentleman's cliarge, or those who may contemplate Bcnil ing youths to tlio Dclorainc Academy. LAtnccESTOit Ci.on —The members of the new Launccston Club dined together on Saturday evening. Tlie proceedings were of jt private nature. Gi.uik1asd.-A incctlngof the members of the Church of ISnglaBd at Borell took place at the vestry lo adopt measures to re cover possession of the globe land, which, II is said, bad been Riven to the laic ltev. W. Norman, .luring Ilia life time, uitll i'lOU a A Nr.Ai'ourAS Jriion.-A writer In the Slaudanl tells a good story of an Italian judge. So invctemte, he says, Is -llic pro pensity to opposition in the southern pro. vinee, thai jurjiuen will almost mvaliaoty return tlie verdict wlilch lliey tliink will be most dis|ilea«iiig lo the presiding magistrate. Sonic lime iu-o a man was upon his trial for matricide, and the judge summed up the case very strongly against the prisoner, who was accordingly acquitted furlliwith, nltliougli there was no reasonable doubt as to liisguill, Oil the foJloiving day tlie case in band *vas one of liorBL'Blealing and thu Judge, rc mcmncrlng liis rectiiit mishap, concluded his eharge with the following words :— ' tjentlc nien.lh,. prisuuer and llie horse were to gether all night in a subio j fn Ihc morning both had disappeared, and fu the course of the duy Iwlli were found logetlipr. 'Now, of uvotlilnpi one— cither the man stole the horse, or llie horscatole the man. You will deeide, gentlemen, according to your con science, without reference to my opinion ; but I believe llie horse stole the man.' Iu less tluui live minutes the jury returned with a verdict of guilty. Tin: lloUAiir Town Volustkeb AnTii i.LUV.— Tlie following circular has becu handed Ut tbc members of the volunteer force at llubart Town -.— lly the withdrawal of the rcgulur t toons, Uie duty of pruvidiuff a guaid of honor lo His Excellency the Guvcruor, en the occasion of Ills opening the Session of Parliament on the 23rd instant, has devolved upon the Volunteer Artillery, In addition lo firing the usual salute, it Ib obvious that this double duty can only be satisfactorily iierformcd by the hearty co-oiioi-atiou of all ranku, and by the full strength of the Corps . Captain Turlclou therefore desires to urge upon every member the duty of mustering on this occasion, and he feels assured tliat his appeal will not be In vain, but Hint, in spile of all personal Inconvenience, every men serving under him Mill be found under urniH, and tliat thus, iu doing due honor lo the representative of Her Majesty, the corps will vorlhily sustain iu the face of both the Parliament and the public, its high reputa tion. Members will uaemblo at the drill yard at I o'clock punctually in full uniform. Uat.Mtl or Tils Pom- Orm-i: Acj-.— The rutinuiiran 77m« says— An elderly man named Daniel King, was charged at the Police Court yesterday, with a breach of the l'ost Offlec Act, in liavlng posted a newspa per containing other written matter than that published by tlic editor of the said paper. Tlie facts were tliat llio defendant lutJ f'J closcd a letter inside the newspaper, which «ns addressed to his cousin, in Victoria, and which was posted on the ctli August. The l'ost ODIl-o thorilics discovered tile enclo sure, and Mr Jones was directed to prosecute Ibe ollendcr if he could discover him. Mr Jones, with Ills usual acumen, soon came across the riglil party, and yesterday's pro. seeution was the result. Mr Jones, however, iuformed the Ucuch that the defendant was a poor, but respectable man, and bad only committed (lie brcaoh of the law through uliocr poverty, lie was, at present, an applicant lo the G Ji-cninieiit for relief, and the letior It self disclosed the stale of the defendant ; Mr Jones further staled that King was a re lative of the lale author, Mr Mark Lemon. Mr Jones said he was Instructed by Ihc Solicitor-General, under whose authority he acted, not lo press for a heavy penalty. The lleneli inflicted « flue of !s, anj remitted the costs, though th?y had the power of inflicting a fine of j£ 1 1). The stipendiary magistrate further said that even a mark against a name or paragraph in a newspaper would render the sender liable to the penalty. AntcTiKO Iscinr.NT.-Tlic 7a«»in.i.aii Timci i« responsible tor Ihc following :— A sorrowful scene was witnessed in Kllmbclh street before daylight on Friday morning. The heart-rending sobs of a female mingled with those of children having been heard in the distance, they were found to come from n decently clad woman who was affectionately followed by a lad of about eleven years of age, and his sister, un interesting girl some what vouugor. Tlie party were accosted by a person who was reminded liy the mother Unit ' it was hard fur a mother lo part with hernwn, and tliat she; might never see her son again.' The remark [applied to the lad irlwtvaa Ihen with .her, and who h«i been ordered by hh father not to leave his home. It njipcMn Ihc husband Is a shopkeeper, but unhappily has not lived on amicable terms with Ills family. ;At length the wife re solved upon leaving him, lie providing no maintenance for herself or children notwith standing. Al llio lime In question Ihc poor woman was on her way to take passage fur herself and daughter by the coach In order to meet at Campbell Town another of the children uf her unfeeling husband, and thence towards Launccslon, where she hop d to obtain a livelihood. From llic respectable appearance of tbc woman, coupled with her exhibition of ilevotcdness to her atlspring, there is little doubt but Hint she is the in jured object of uu unfeeling husband. The approaching estrangement from her Bon, wlro liad to bid farewell to his motlicr, mi of a most touching nature. Though the father hu proved himself unworthy of the name, by having betrayed the grossest hcarlleSBuesB— had lie observed his poor un cared for wife and cliildrcn, with their scant quantity of luggage, and heard their joint lamentations, he might have realised liii un natural conduct, the responsibility of which lie must ever bear. The incident was one that could not full to afTcct the most cynical disposition. ri.oODB IN tiil: ISTEUtoa.— Accounts, says a Southern contemporary, arc reaching us from various districts of the flooded con dition of the lands and roads. At Korth n-cet Hay and Kingston llic rivers are a good deal swollen, and the flats within a mile or two of llrown's llivcr arc all inundated. The Jersey district Is reported to be in a fear fully flooded slate and K-itrobe Is likely lo be swamjicd ; and no doubt the rivers in Devon, and the North-West districts gene rally, have materially suffered from the Ho3d. A correspondent writing from Hamil ton, yesterday morning, says : — ' it is fine overhead, hut Hie rivcru nre up In all direc tions. On Wednesday night the Ousc rose B feet, carrying away all private bridges, driving travellers miles round. Ijut night the Clyde rose .1 feel, and is still rising.' Another ec- rn?s]iondent says : — ' On Monday, n Tnoy 5 years of age, named Francis Allen, going to school, accompanied by Ilia mother, got upon a log at the side ot Ihc creek, Ouse ltridgc, and losing his balance fell into Ihc creek, which was flowing very rapidly at Ihc time. The mother plunged into thu water, and with great difllculty succeeded In res cuing the little follow from a watery grave.' MARAVIM.A Cocoa.— For Breakfatt.— The Globe aayB : — ' VorioUBlniportersand manu facturers have attempted to attain a reputa tion for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor llrotliem dis covered tbc extraordinary qualities of ' Maravllla Cocoa.' Adapting their perfcel system of preparation to this finest of all epcclcB of Thcobroma, they have produced an hrticlo which supersedes every other Cocoa In tlic market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Mara yilla Cocoa akivc all others, For lioimnpatlu and Invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage,' Sold In pocket* by 0.1) 0 roccm, of whom oIbo may be had Taylor Urothcn' Original Honmnetlilc Coooo. and Soluble Chocolate. Btetm Milll Brick lane, London, 