School of Abtb. —This evening the sympathy of the public is drawn to the School of Arts, where an enter tainment takts place for the benefit of Mr. John Fleming, who has entirely lostethe use of his right arm, caused by a twenty feet fall he received. -while, as foreman for Mr. A. Torning, he was engaged deco rating the above hall for Mr. Coppin, previous to Mr. Heller's opening, about three months since. He bears an excellent character; and has a wife and iamily. who of course are now thrown into distress. The committee of the institution have granted the use of the HalL, and it is hoped that the example of liberality set by those gentlemen will be substantially supplemented by the public on the occasion. ?St. Vincent's New Hospital Ball.— There was a full attendance of both the general and executive coin .mittecs last evening, when reports were given in of tho tickets actually sold, which amounted to close upon 400\. The offers of wines, kc, from our leading jier chants were quite sufficient for the requirements of the guests, tndwere thankfully accepted. The committee reported the probable sale of at least snother hundred j tickets. All the arrangements for the ball are being i carried out under the direction of the several aub-com- { suttees, Both ball-rooms, &c.;, were all lit up with gas | lastevrning, and looked brilliantly, and Mr. W. If. Walker and his assistants are actively engaged in the ' decorations. The newest dance music has been selected ! bv the German Riind. And tlia mv^ramTTifiR fwliinli a-m '? very neat) contain on the last page a lithograph of the j building as it will be when completed. We are glad to perceive that the ball is likely to produce a handsome sum towards clearing off the debt, as St. Vincent's Hospital is one of those institutions that, from it j internal arrangements, deserved the fullest suppor freni all classes. Prince op Wales Opera House. — Herr Bandmann gave 'a fine representation of ' Hamlet ' last evening, and Saturday, to large and appreciative audiences. Great pains had he taken to get up this play with - n usual attractions, several scenes being introduced that have not been given by any of the artists who htve ; hitherto undertaken the poortrayal of Shakespere's ? chef tf auvrc Herr Bandmann's reading was a muster- ! piece of elocution, his voice is sonorous and clear, ard J his action splendid. He was repeatedly applauded, and i called several times before the curtain to receive tie j usual token of the people's satisfaction. BIr. Host 'us ; played the Ghost with his invariable care, and Miss i Kate Corcoran's Ophelia was a charming representation, j Mrs, Jones plaved the Queen, and Mr. Holloway the ! King ; Mr. George Leopold taking the part of Horatio, j and Mr. Andrews that of the Gravedigger. A finer j representation than that given of the play of Hamlet, ? upon this occasion, was, certainly never seen in Sydney. : It will be repeated during the week. { 