MR HARWOOD'S BURLESQUE COMPANY. If success has not fled for ever from the Adelaide stage, the season which Mr. Harwood is to open on Wednesday night ought to prove successful. Thn comDanv who are to undertake the arduous responsibility of amusing a capri cious public for the next six weeks merit dis tinction from all who have, preceded them. They have been specially organized and ♦rained for the line of business they assume — burlesquo and extravagance. In these branches of dramatic art they have an Australian reputation, which has been earned by years of practice on the principal stages of the other colonies,- especially at Melbourne, Ballarat, and Sydney. It is for the time being the burlesque troupe of Australia. It is com plete in all its appointments, and efficient in everything belonging to an attractive style of performances. The leading pieces intended for production during the season will be put on with the scenery specially prepared for them at the Theatre PiOyal in Melbourne. The ballet retains its full strength as first formed on the arrival of the Sisters Duvalli from London. The casts will be in every important r6le identical with those to which the pieces owe their original success. He must have thoroughly understood the tastes of the Adelaido people who told Mr. Harwood of their partiality for burlesque ; or if Mr. Harwood guessed it by native intuition he deserves to have his guess fully confirmed by the result. It is true, and always has been, whether at the Victoria or at Hindley-street, that tho burlesque nights are the liveliest parts of the season. 'Phis time it is to bo all burlesque, and conse quently all iively. Moreover there is a promise of unprecedented novelty. This applies not merely to the pieces, but to the artists, who, with one exception, are all new to the Adelaide boards. Mr. Harwood himself will be re membered as one of G. V. Brooke's celebrated company which played at the Victoria about ten years ago. His friends claim the courtesy of a first welcome, and on another ground they may hope for special favour from a colonial ludience. Thoy are all, excepting the Duvallis and Miss Bentlcy, artists of purely Australian growth. Some of them are Australian-born, and the compauy as a whole ire the offspring of the colonial stage. A few pears ago this might not have been a judicious confession for them to make. Colonial art would then have been included in the same sneer with :olonial wine; but the artists themselves have iltered that. One after another has gone homo to challenge the criticism of English critics, and they have been more than tolerated. Many of them have achieved substantial successes. In the frequent intercourse which now obtains between tho English and the Australian stage the giving is not all on tho side of the mothor 3ountry. Australia can afford to return some thing in exchange for the 'stars' whom she tempts from the northern horizon. In saying that Mr. Harwood's company is almost entirely colonial, we mean to enlist patriot sympathy on their behalf, and the Adelaide public are intel ligent enough to render it in full measure. Something of their antecedents must be known to every observer of the intercolonial Jrama; but the following notes may be useful, if Duly to refresh faint memories. The manager, Mr. Harwood, is a colonist of nearly eighteon years' standing, though his connection with the stage is of shorter date. Ho made tho transi tion from amateur to professional acting in 1855 it Sydney during Mr. G. V. Brooke's first en gagement there. His career was destined to become closer associated with that of the lamented star, for on Mr. Brooke's second visit Mr. Harwood was one of his principal and most trusted supporters. In 1857 he permanently joined Mr. Brooke's company at the Royal in Melbourne, and ultimately becamo its stage manager. In the same c(apacity ho served Mr. Coppin during the engagement of Sir William and Lady Don, and afterwards com menced a long connection with Lyster's Opera Company as acting manager. This terminated at the close of the fourth season, and Mr. Har wood then joined Mr. Barry Sullivan's company. Having thus raised himself by industry and intelligence to a foremost rank in the profession, he next dared the risks of lesseeship. About three years ago a copartnership was formed between the late Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lambert, Mr. Harwood, and his present colleague Mr. Stewart to lease the Royal in Melbourne. Messrs. Harwood aud Stewart are the only members of the original partnership who remain in it, Messrs. Vincent and Lambert having been succeeded by Mr. Coppin and Mr. Hennings the scene painter. Results testify that this has been the most successsfuf as well as the most enterpris ing management ever known on the Aus tralian stage. It has maintained a very ex tensive and competent stock company. It has reproduced all the the best specimens of modem English drama in a style which no London manager would venture to call provincial. It has liberally encouraged colonial talent, and gained some of its greatest successes by so doing. Most of Mr. Akhurst's recent burlesques, including several which are to bo presented in Adelaide, were written for tho Royal. The opening piece, the 'Siege of Troy,' md its intended successors, 'King Arthur,' 'Tom Tom, the Piper's Son,' and the 'Good Child's History of England' are all from Mr. A.khurst's pen. Adelaide owes a special tribute to this prolific and humorous burlesque writer for his literary career commenced on the Ade laide Presf. The columns of the Register ivitnessed the development of a talent which is now on its way back to England in search of a wider field for the exercise of its maturity. At the head of the English adaptations which raised the fame of tho Royal come 'The Flying Scud' and 'After Dark.' The cele brity of ' The Scud' is linked with the name of 'Jumping Moses' — the latest and most dis tinctive creation of Mr. Harwood. He is the 'Jumping Moses' of the Australian stage. In the same way he had previously monopolized Melter Moss in the ' Ticket-of-Leave Man,' and Coitier in ' Lewis XI.' Less distinctive though still superior rtfcx wore Solomon in ' The Stranger,' the Marquis do Treval in 'Lavater,' md Mike Feeney in 'Arrah-na-Pogue.' During his ' utility' course he fitted himself for any thing, from the Ghost in 'Hamlet' to Dick Tnrpin in real sawdust, or the clown in a pantomime. The class of character which Mr. Harwood will most frequently represent during this season is his latest acquisition. It was not till he had established himself as a first- class low comedian that he ventured iuio the domain of burlesque. Here his best hit has been Cassandra in the 'Siege of Troy.' Rather a strange style of dramatic progression which transforms*' the first old' man of 10 years ago into a young lady of the Homeric age. Mr. Harwood's colleague, Mr. Stewart, can say with ' Jumping Moses' that he is colonial to the backbone. During a 16 years' experience Mr. Stewart has played in only three towns Melbourne, Ballarat, and Sydney. He is the offspring of the stage, on which he has risen step by step to the management. Gifted with the versatility which is indispensable to a success ful stock actor in Australia, he has also his specialities. In a wide range of low comedy he has distinguished himself particularly by his Irish characters. From these to burlesque was an easy transition, in accomplishing which he was greatly assisted by his vocal abilities. Mr. Stewart is most at home where acting and singing can be effectively combined. In such situations any audience will discover art first class of its kind, and the kind itself good. This double talent is hereditary, and without dis paragement' to Mr. Stewart, it may be said to improve in transition. His daughters, Miss Docy and Miss Maggie Stewart, ore jxir excellence the burlesque actresses of the Australian stage. Miss Docy has now been for four or five years at the front of her profession. She excels in 'what is becoming the rarest of dramatic gifts— vocal acting. A sweet voice, a charming presence on the stage, and an in telligent portraiture of character render her unrivalled in the position to which she has rapidly risen. In her sister there are the capabilities of a rival, but they require time to mature. Already Miss Maggie can add perceptibly to the strength of a cast, and distinguish herself among artists of much older standing. Another of the higher lights of the company is Miss Bentley— a clever soubrette— whom Mr. Harwood engaged last tear in London. She is said to have peculiar gifts for burlesque, and to be noways deficient in vent. Miss Coppin's lame ought to be a recommendation to her, and she promises to be worthy of it. 8he is a niece )f Mr. Coppin; and the Misses Bray hold a similar relation to the veteran manager. The sisters Duvalli come of a terpsichorcan family, their father— Signor Duvalli— having been for many years balletniaster at the Italian Opera in London. 'They have themselves taken metropolitan honours, which have been cordially confirmed in Melbourne. Under Mr. Hanvjod's management they have full scope and means for perfecting their delicate art. They have trained their own ballet company, and retain the entire direction of it, What may be ex pected from them, therefore, is not dancing alone, but regular ballet as it is known on the European stage. This introductory notice has boon intended to describe to our readers the now company, not according to what they may think of themselves, but according to what dramatic authorities in Melbourne and Sydney havo said of them. Meeting strange faces e'xeites a desire to loam something of their antecedent', and that natural feeling we havo endeavoured to anticipate in the case of Mr. Harwood's company. On closer acquaintance the public will admit that their new entertainers merit th.3 cariosity which we have here attempted to gra' ify. 