JL TOTS FOE INFALLIBILITY— THE POPE'S WISH. "3sr is fit that those who aim at impos- jublethings should uotbe allowed the sweet . belief that they h ave achieved them. As irell might the Pope effect by his decrees jui alteration in the solar system, or the .ocean tide, as establish on an immovable i>asis the dogma of his infallibility. The jatvs of the human mind are just as firm as those of the material universe. Tfone but He who made the winds can quell their viblence ; none but Ho -jvho created mankind within the range of intelligence; can govern the world of bought. So we suppose the Pope has 'l)egun to find it. A man so aged should ,-iave known it sooner. His bishops -!nay perhaps teach him that he is not jreally infallible. They aim at it apparently. It seems, indeed, that he is desper-' jrtely set on obtaining from his Council a dogmatic declaration of his infalli bility. The papers call it his "per sonal " infallibility ; but they cannot aneuu exactly that — he must claim it for Jiis successors as well as himself ; and it ought to be called his " official " infallibility, or the infallibility vested in -trim as Pope. What he must be aiming at, is surely to have the whole infalli- -'3»ility of the Church declared to be con centrated or collected in the Pope for. the time being, so that there shall be no seed again of these troublesomo, in tractable, and questionable councils for the future. Discussions, debatings, and votings, are not very congruous elements o£ infallibility ; and accordingly the endeavour is to render them nnneces- &ary.;""As ""it- was ' at Trirat7"so is it now — some hundreds of men" are not found to be manageable elements of unity. It is better to have unity without them. We wish however, to suggest, that there is one reason why the Pope had better confine his motion to himself individually; that is personally in the strictest sense of the word— to himself, that is Pits the Ninth, entirely leaving out of view his successors and predeces sors. By doing this, he will not make himself answerable for the sayings and doings of other Popes, as he must be if he make the dogma to represent the whole Papacy. If every Pope is to be declared to have been infallible, it will be a miserable thing for the present one to have to interpret and reconcile their contradictions, which have been numerous enough to fill a history. Let him get rid of thiB necessity, by claim ing the whole for himself. But, per haps, the difficulty no more troubles him than the necessity of explaining how it is that " the Church is stronger than heaven," and how it is that science is a false light among the various lights of the present age. Perhaps nothing in the shape of impossibility troubles him, that " vigorous old hero." As Napo leon said of Wellington, perhaps he is too foolish to know when "he is beaten. An enquiry however, presents itself to v s, if it does not to him. We know- very well how a Parliament can pass a law by voting, and so make it binding on all to obey it ; but bow coiild a Parliament make a truth, of any kind whatever, by voting it a law ? For ex ample, our present Parliament, can, by voting, pass a law that divorce shall so free married persons from each other, that they shall have a legal power to marry other persons, the guilty jas well as the innocent. We understand how that can be done ; but we do not under stand how the Parliament can by voting make it a moral truth, that the guilty divorced may so marry, and do no wrong. So, tlie Council may pass a decree that the Pope shall be the de positary of all the powers of the Church but how can the Council by voting make it the doctrine of Chuist that it should be so ? Again, if all the members of the Council choose, they can trust the Pope just as if he were infallible; but how will any decree of theirs determine that he is so, and that the Popes were appointed to be so from the beginning ? We understand how the Council may make a law to be brought into practice, but we do not understand how the said Council can make the PorE infallible by a dogma, or establish auy truth by a dogma. Another thing — it seems to us that if the Council have power to make such a thing true by a dogma, the real infallibility is, after all, not in the Pope but in the Council. That which a Council makes by a dogma' a Council can unmake in like manner: or at any rate, the Council, net the Pope, is the source whence the dogma proceeds ; and who then is the superior ? But let it be considered how the Holy Scriptures became the infallible stan dard of truth to the Church in all things pertaining to Salvation. Even tlie Pope and the Council acknowledge the infal libility of the Bible. Why do they do so ? Did Paul, or Peter, or John, or Jcde, or even .Tesus Ciikist, ask for a dogma from any Council, declaring in fallibility to be the possession of either of them respectively, or all of them to gether? Where is the record of such Council, or such dogma ? Did they not assume to be inspired whether the world, or even the Churches, would admit it or not ? Did they not prove their infallibility by both teachings and works ? Did they wait for, ask for, or wish for, the testimony of any man or any body of men? Was not their in spiration, and consequent infallibility, their previous qualification to address men at all ? How could a dogma have been required to show their infallibility, when all their words and all thoir works shewed it ? And how could a dogma have made it more sure than it was? What an absurdity, to suppose that the inspiration and infallibility of either of thiese divinoteachcrs was ever deter mined by a vote, by a majority, or even by the uuanimous acclamation of their their hearers or converts ! .The inspiration and infallibility of Christ ana his Apostles is a truth' as much as any other truth ; as much as the circumvolution of the placets round the sua. From it as au admitted thing we may reason and draw deductions, but no dogma could make it more believable, than its own evidence makes it. It is; altogether independent of men, and lies as tne foundation of their faith. There are indeed certain forms and accumula tions of historical testimony in its favour, and of these we can make abun dant use in our controversy with the world ; but these do not come' to' us in the form of dogma, nor do we deem their authors entitled by authority to command our belief Wo simply take their testimony, with the reasonings which have led them to give it, for what it is worth. We use our own judgment in examining and accepting it. But we fall back upon the subject of that testi mony as au original and independent truth, requiring no ecclesiastical autho rity to give it dogmatical stability. It occurs to us that it would be . just as reasonable for the Council of the Vatican to put the infallibility of Paul's Epistles to the vote, as it was for the Council of Trent to have put his doc trine of justification to the vote, and de nied it with anathema. Nay, more than this — it would be quite as reasonable for either of the Councils to have put the inspirationof Paul's writings to the vote, as to put to the vote the personal or offi cial infallibility of Pope Pius the Ninth. The only difference is, that of the former we are sure without any such vote, whilst notevena voteeould make the latter true, or make us believe it. Truth wants no vote, cannot be voted; no vote can make fiction otherwise than the fiction it is. Truth is not a thing of authority, but of God as the fountain of Eeason and Harmony. No human lips can make a truth, though they may make a dogma representing a truth ; but the truth is independent of the dogma, and the dogmn may be false. Moreover truth calls for belief, aud appeals to reason ; dogma claims unreasoning submission. Now it strikes us as straugo that the consequences of pushing this matter are not seen by the Pope — we ' speak not of his Jesuit supporters, for notoriously, with Jesuits, truth and falsehood are alike, because in their very hearts they believe nothing — the Pope jis certainly some sort of politician, even if he be an ignoramus in Theological Science. If his infallibilty be granted, and decreed by the dogma he craves, it is at his own earnest instance it is so granted and decreed, and that because he deems it necessary to have it settled as a point never before generally held, aud consequently not an article of faith before ; but why does he deem it necessary now more than it has been all down these centuries ? If it is the foundation of faith and order to the Church, then the Church has had no foundation before for faith and order. Is not this equivalent to saying that her divine Head, Christ, has never been . truly with her, as she boasts? Why was not a point so fundamental secured by a Council of the Apostles before they left the world? Why was it not a prime dogma of the Apostles' Creed, a document believed to have been handed down from time beyond immemorial ? Why has it been loft utterly unsettled for 1800 years? In reality, the persistence of Pius the Ninth, in attempting to get this dogma, is a plain confession of his sense, that his church has been left without a declared foundation all this while. It is very like an acknowledge ment, that either he is asking a foolish thing, or that all his predecessors have been arrant and knavish pretenders to au authority they never had. Now, this would involve all that Protestants say about the Church of the Popes, that it is a lying impostor, having none of the marks of legitimacy that a ; true church must have. All this is the' rea sonable deduction from the Pope's present conduct. Yet it seems there is a mental ob- tuseness about the old man which re fuses to give way. So then' he will ac cept the vote of a majority of men as blind as himself, and call it the utter- anco of unanimity, the voice of the, Church, the deliverance of the Holy Ghost. What utter folly ! What horrible impiety! What infernal blasphemy! It is very certain that the Council of Trent was not really (Ecumenical ; that it was a small affair, with few members ; that it was filled with plottings and artifices and acrimonious debates ; that its decrees were rejected by large portions of the Church ; that many of the dogmas it vouched were new ; that it was anything but a. place for. the Holy Ghosts It is equally apparent ithat the Holy Ghost can have as little to do with the managements, and artifices, and : tyran nies, and pretensions, of Pope Pius thk- Ninth and his Jesuit helpers, whatever the issue of their plottings may - be. 