: ; V .SPORTING. ' - ...??BvrGCD.JonRocKs!. Ghost. .; -.-. The nominations for thethree principal evnnts at tho ensuingimeet- were' opened on i ThtirHdny evoning, nnd,« on tho whole, may ba:considoied ;very satisfactory.1 Thoro 'was quite a rush to see tho list when posted up in Hyne's Hotel. There appeared to be a few of tho knowing onos'presoiit, and bets were booked without regard to weights. Mr. Bust's horses weroongerly enquired aftur, and nothing appenred to go down but Recruit and MiruoleB. -Lady Bfrd appears to be nlraoBt un ? known to fame ; the'only acoourtt, to 'hand, of her running hist year oomes'from Gayndah, where she ran third Jor the Maiden riato, won by (arafton, Spot second. . Shawns nover very prominent in ?the raco»;- the only '-horses behind hor were Commo dore, -Flycatcher, and Ghidfleld. Tho diatauco was' 1J milos;, time -2m. 65a. ,, . . ? There appears to be some difficulty in getting handicappers-for the present meet; most'of those qualifiod to taUo-tho -post- ':Qght shy,'1 ndt oaring ?to have nnythingto do With the present field of horses. It cannbt.be denied that thu'handionppers will have a rnther unplonsant duty to perform, but that is always' the case in any field of horses. 1 fool certain the difficulty will be' nverbomb and 'wo . will' have a : good hnndieap.: , 'By 'the . bye,' , who would say Gympio wiiB dull aftor the spirited way in; which tho bidding for the .Grand 'Stand and ?booths was carried on— £96 is not bad, just £i loss than' what waa realised fdr booths, 'Grand Stand,' and '?'G/rtentlpHw'ich. 1 There is not. much fear ns to the Rtioceas 'df our meeting,' 'financially speaking;; the'Stowarda offtfr nrlflnri' mnnntr ^fn flin nmrvunf AP JMOft in Vti'mif 'which' they have— Stibscriptioiis, £50; . Bbuths, £90 ;; entrances, £22 ; total, '£168. ' ; Ho\v is it tlie'timeof starting' each1 race 'is 'not d'dvertiEod? ' It'Vvill be'voVy awkward if' this infor mation is notglvdn ih some form or other., 'I noticed in a la.te Sydney Be'U's'Life tbo'follow ing parngrnph, which will no doubt be rend with intorust^by many of our sportiiig' geritV:— ^''This afternoon a match f-ir JJ10 will take place between Mr.'L. Flannery's Charlton nnd Mr. W/Freomati's Bracelet, tho lattor'helng'tho animal that has rtindo himself 'famous in connection with ttie'sdiliiijj race at'tho Into Homobush nine'ting. The distanco to no iuii iB.oniy nan a mile, ana tney.aro to carry 9st. onch. Bracelet is snid to be Jrbttjr. fit, but Mr. Flannery's hcirso 'line 'harilly recovered from his rathor sevuro 'Quoenslhrid campaign Jand Bub sequent trip to Wollongohg. There was Bomb tnlk of a 1'J mile rnco between Chai'ltou (carrying l'2st.), and tho pony Butcher 'Bay, 'the hitter carrying any weight his owndr pleasfefl. , TloweVor, the match fell tliroug'h, the, parties no't bding able tp'ngree bb to the time when tho 'rnco shonld bo run!' After the foregoing who would be astonished to 'hear of Flannery'runni-ng'thatTumduB colt' for ' drinks?1 It really does seem a pity that such a promising horoe a« Ohiirlton -was should 'have such an owner. There was soinq tall; lust.yearof Judge tiutwyche bi(ying 'Chnrltbn-; the Juilgb m'ight have dono worse, and the horBO oould not 'havo 'fatlon into better 'hands.' , ??.-... No dorib't, before 'this, 'the rnco p'rocramme 'pub- lishod by tho future .'capital of Queensland— Mary, borough— has been seen. Allow mo to cbnn'ratu I it to our apiritedspprtsmen 'down -the iiiV-ehda thoir . pluclc, iti p'royhJing such aii '?? excellent one fhiy's* -pport:; !£ 16 is tb'b highest prize ' offered ' ; ': iincH t. 'is 'clearly-' laid dbwi'i thut: no horse Mi'all win j morb than'one'prizei1 Happy thought 1— Why not make ithe winners divide with the. losers?.: ? ' i; T: ' il-am glad to see that the. Stewards. of: our meet ; have adopted my BiiggoBtion and, published. their, .names at the top of the programme. : There is rio\y no fear of any bub doubting the genuineness of the programme. :: ?. ?. v v: ; ' ; 