The Storyteller. THE BROKEN HOME. CHAPTER XXXVI. FATHER AND DAUGHTER. BY LEON LEWIS. THE noise made by opening the door caused both Mr. Preble and Pecksley to turn their re- gars in that direction. They beheld a slender figure, loosely draped about with white, one hand protruding and holding out the gleaming hunting- knife, while from the midst of white and fluttering folds a pale face looked out. Pausing in the uncertain shadows near the door, her countenance full of a suppressed ex- citement, the fire light flickering on her knife- blade, there was indeed something spectral and unreal in Hetty's appearance, and, considering the traditions of the old Morderick House, a wiser man than Pecksley might have been par- doned for thinking her a visitant from another world. He glared at her with eyes which every in- stant dilated yet more wildly. A look of incre- dulous horror mantled his face with whiteness, and he gasped for breath, panting like one who has run a race. Hetty advanced a step nearer, moving like a shadow. Pecksley put out his hands as if to guard him- self, and tottered backward, his hair seeming to arise on his head, and an abject terror taking possession of him. "The ghost—the ghost!" he muttered inco- herently. "Oh! Oh!" Hetty raised her arm, holding the knife me- nacingly, and a groan issued from her lips. This was too much for Pecksley. With a wild yell he sidled to the door, not daring to with- draw his fascinated gaze from the eyes of the supposed spectre, gained the threshold, and dashed over it into the darkness without. Hetty remained standing in the same attitude for some moments, fearing his return, and then her glances drifted toward the banker. He was sitting upright on the bench, his face as pale as her own, his chest heaving, his glances full of excitement. It seemed to Hetty that he was about to faint, and she stepped out into the full glow of the fire, and said: "Do not fear me, Mr. Preble. I am no ghost —only a girl who has been shut up in this house by an enemy, and in making her own escape in- tends also to rescue you!" A low, gasping cry broke from the banker's lips. "Let me release you," said Hetty, with tender pity. "No doubt your limbs are cramped from their long confinement." "I shall feel better in a few minutes, I think," he said, in a low tone. "I am very dizzy." "Had we not better be moving, sir?" asked Hetty, after a short silence. "Pecksley may come back at any moment, or Ben. Greddley may come! Do you feel well enough to walk?" Mr. Preble arose and moved stiffly toward the fireplace. "I cannot walk far," he said. "I have not the strength. But there are horses in the stable which we can take. Can you sit a man's saddle?" "Much easier than I can walk from here to Sacramento," replied Hetty, smiling. "If you will sit down again, I will go out and saddle the horses and bring them to the door, provided Pecksley hasn't taken them." "I will saddle the horses," said Mr. Preble. "That is not a task suitable or safe for a delicate young girl." "But I am used to such tasks," protested Hetty," and I am not afraid of horses. Besides, Mr. Preble, you are not able to do it." She moved toward the door as she spoke. The banker was obliged to submit to her deci- sion, his frame being racked by pains conse- quent upon his long and painful confinement. He felt it difficult even to walk a few steps, and knew that he had little strength to waste in pre- parations for departure, as he would require all for his journey. Hetty stepped over the threshold into the yard. The night had fallen—the glorious sum- mer night, bright with starlight. The garden was full of shadowy looking bushes, but no where among them could Hetty detect the form of Pecksley. "He must have been so frightened that he ran away from the place without the intention of re turning," she thought. "He is, no doubt, well on his way toward Fremont." She hurried to the stable, and entered it, leaving the door open to admit the light. The horses were both in their stalls. The saddles and bridles had been tossed into the manager of an unoccupied stall. Hetty drew them out, disentangled them, and quickly and dexterously proceeded to saddle the horses. The task was soon accomplished. Hetty then, taking the bridles into her hands, led the animals toward the kitchen door, secur- ing them to a tree at a little distance from the door. She had scarcely accomplished this when she heard a sound as of stealthy steps, accompanied by hurried breathing, somewhere at the foot of the garden. Halting in the shadow of a bush, she watched and waited. The sound came nearer and nearer, and soon she saw the moving figure of a man. It was Pecksley, who had crossed two or three fields in his mad flight, but upon whose frenzied brain had at that juncture dawned the necessity for a horse. He had returned to obtain one, and had also summoned courage enough to attempt a peep into the kitchen, being anxious to know if the ghost had inflicted any mortal injury upon Mr. Preble. Hetty took the alarm, and glided into the house. The banker was walking slowly back and forth, having regained full command over his limbs. He had taken a draught from Pecksley's flask which had fallen upon the floor at the moment of the man's flight, and had consumed some of the provisions from the stores on the table. He began to feel more like himself, and an unwon- ted vigor, born of the necessities of his situa- tion, began to transfuse itself through his sys- tem. He started at Hetty's quick and silent ap- proach, but welcomed her return with a fatherly sort of smile. "Come, Mr. Preble," said Hetty breathlessly, "Pecksley has returned. He's in the garden. The horses are at the door. We have no time to lose!" Mr. Preble picked up the hunting-knife, closed it, and put it in his pocket. He then started toward the door. "Hush!" said Hetty warningly, putting up her finger. At the same moment a creeping step was heard outside, and a frightened face peered in at the door—the face of Pecksley. Apart from his superstitions, the man had sufficient natural shrewdness. He looked, with projecting eyes, at Mr. Preble, who was standing erect and unbound—gazed at Hetty as if he could not credit the evidence of his senses —marked the girl's thrown off dis- guise, and comprehended that he had been cleverly duped. "It's a girl after all," he muttered, still half incredulously, "a bony-fidy flesh-and-blood girl. She was wrapped up in a sheet. Where did she come from? What is she doing here?" He mounted the steps cautiously, on his guard lest the ghost should have changed its shape merely to compass his destruction, and at the same time he discovered the horses in the shadow of the tree. "Oh," he said to himself, with a great breath of relief. "It's only a rescue, after all. Lucky I came back. I've been nigh to losing every- thing in my scare." He felt in his pocket for his pistol, and in his belt for his hunting knife, and boldly stepped upon the threshold, exclaiming: "That was a clever trick of yours, Miss, but it won't work further. Mr. Preble is my pri- soner, and so are you till the boss comes. You had better surrender quietly." "Let us pass, villain!" said the banker sternly, drawing out the hunting-knife, and opening it. "You see that I am armed and desperate. Stand aside!" "Not by a long chalk!" declared Pecksley. "You don't know me, Mr. Preble. You had better give up—you and this pretty ghost—or it will be the worse for you." As he spoke he drew his pistol. Hetty, startled but not daunted, picked up the stout iron poker from the hearth, resolved to sell her liberty dearly. "There no way to get out of the house ex- cept by this door," said Pecksley, with savage triumph. "Now let's see you pass me!" He advanced a few paces into the room, still, however, guarding the way to the door. Mr. Preble hesitated. He dared not attempt to force the way out, for he knew that when it came to a personal combat he would have no chance whatever against the stout and brutal Pecksley. "Lassie," he said, calmly, turning to the girl, and speaking in a whisper too low for his enemy's ears, "I will engage this ruffian while you fly and procure help. We cannot both go. You shall save yourself, and me too." Hetty was on the point of replying, when a noise was heard in the yard. She turned pale with apprehension. "Too late!" she murmured, despairingly. She was right—it was too late! The words were yet on her lips when a sound of cursing was heard without, and Ben. Greddley, furious and bewildered, stumped into the room, and stood glaring at its inmates. CHAPTER XXXVII. MORE UNINVITED VISITORS. THE amazement of Ben. Greddley at behold- ing his house thus occupied, and Hetty at liberty, for some moments held him speechless. He looked from Hetty to Mr. Preble and from Mr. Preble to Pecksley, and then he found voice to ejaculate: "What does all this mean? What have you released that girl for?" Hetty shrank nearer to the banker, the terrors of the situation half-paralysing her. Mr. Preble comprehended at once that this intruder was Hetty's persecutor, and retreated a few paces toward the hall-door, carefully main- taining his guard. Pecksley stared at Greddley, and seemed to recognise in him a kindred soul. He answered gruffly: "The girl released herself—that's how it was. And she's released this old party here who is under my charge. That's what the row is about, stranger. If the girl belongs to you, take her and be off!" Ben. Greddley eyed Pecksley from head to foot with a contemptuous sneer. "I haven't no call to go!" he observed, coolly. "But you can take your own advice. I don't want to interfere with your little game. Take your 'old party' and vamose this ranche!" Pecksley's coarse face grew flushed with wrath, and he squared about, drawing his re- volver. "I won't stand no impudence!" he observed, menacingly. "I'm in possession here, and I mean to stay!" "Against my will?" inquired Greddley, drawing his own revolver. Pecksley laughed contemptuously. "Your will!" he sneered. "What does your will amount to? Who are you, any how?" "I tell you I'm the owner of this place!" reiterated Greddley, angrily. "Crazy Mary is dead, and I bought the place of her nephew, who heired it. I'm Ben. Greddley of the Five- Fork Tavern—that's who I am. And this girl here is my cousin!" Pecksley lowered his weapon. "I see you're speaking the truth," he said, in an altered voice, and with a more respectful manner. "We come here thinking that, as no one lived here, we had as good a right here as anybody. My boss will be up in the morning, or some time to-morrow. Suppose you let us occupy the kitchen till then?" "I can't do it!" asserted Greddley. "I've got to be back home before daybreak. I am wanted particular by that time. The fact is we expect company, and I must be home to receive 'em. I've got to leave my cousin here, and I don't want you nor your boss in the house. You'll have to start!" "Twon't be an easy matter to capture them two," said Pecksley. "Tell you what, Mr. Greddley, I'll help you if you'll help me. Let's combine our forces and capture our couple, and I'll take the old man on his horse and be off, and leave you and your girl in full possession. Is that a bargain?" Greddley reflected a moment. "You an't told me who you are yet," he ob- served. "My name is Pecksley. I'm working under a boss, and I can't tell you about him, but he has his game to play as you've got yours. I don't inquire into your business, and you needn't into mine. Only help me to capture Mr. Preble—" "Mr. Preble!" echoed Ben., recoiling. "Yes, the old party on the stairs." "Mr. Preble!" repeated Greddley. "I see it all now. I see your little game! It's as plain as daylight. Mr. Preble!" His face glowed, and his eyes sparkled. Pecksley eyed him in dismay. "What do you mean?" he faltered. "I'll show you what I mean. This Preble is a party I've been wanting to see. I may have to block your little game, friend Pecksley. I'll see what the old party himself says." Pecksley measured the form of Greddley with his eyes. The innkeeper was both taller and bulkier than himself, but he had a wooden leg, which turned the scale in Pecksley's favor. He made a hostile movement toward Gred- dley. "Stand back!" cried the latter, peremptorily. "I'm not so feeble as you think. If we are to have war, I'll have to strip for it!" He stooped and hastily unbuckled the thongs which confined the wooden leg to his knee. Then, thrusting the supplementary limb into a deep pocket of his coat, he stood upright, so large and brawny and savage that the amazed Pecksley involuntarily quailed before him. "Then you are not lame at all?" the latter faltered. "Not at this particular moment," replied Greddley, coolly. "Have you anything to say to me?" "N-no," stammered Pecksley. "You can travel—you can, stranger!" "Then we'll see Mr. Preble. Is he armed?" Pecksley replied in the negative. Greddley went to the hearth and withdrew a flaming brand from the fire, and holding it above his head, advanced into the front hall, and halted at the foot of the stairs up which the prisoners had retreated. Pecksley followed him. "Mr. Preble!" said Greddley, looking upward at the two figures on the top stair, in the dark- ness. "That is my name," said the banker, calmly. "You are the banker of San Francisco?" "The same." "I see you don't know what to make of me," observed Greddley. "The fact is, I am the owner of this house, and the cousin of that girl. I am not mixed up with any of your business any way, but I'm willing to befriend you, if you and I can agree on terms." "Say on!" said the banker, eagerly. "I'm a young man, just starting for myself in life. I'm going to be married soon to Hetty up there. I'd like to get money to stock a farm, and if you will pay me what I ask I'll release you!" "What do you demand?" inquired Mr. Preble. Greddley hesitated a moment, turning his gaze abstractedly upon Pecksley, who was eye- ing him treacherously. "Ten thousand dollars—not a cent less!" said the innkeeper, at length. "For that sum I'll set you free, put you aboard your horse, and see you safe on your way to Sacramento. Is it a bargain?" The banker reflected. He knew that unless he paid the required amount—or promised it, which amounted to the same thing—Greddley would join Pecksley in an attack upon him. The brutal countenance of the innkeeper told him that its owner was incapable of justice, or of honorable feeling, and that his heart could be approached only through his pocket. "Suit yourself," said Greddley, carelessly. "It's for you to decide which is worth the most to you—your money or your liberty. If your wife is in the hands of your enemy, you know best whether or not to hasten to her rescue." "I have not ten thousand dollars with me," said Mr. Preble, slowly. "I didn't suppose you had, after passing through such hands," observed Greddley, with a nod at Pecksley. "I'll take your cheque, though, for the amount. I don't believe you would go back on your own signature, especially after taking an oath to the contrary. Will you give me a cheque, or a note for the amount?" There was no alternative. Mr. Preble was obliged to these terms. "Yes," he said; "if you will let us go at once, I will give you my note or cheque for the amount you demand, and I will give you my solemn promise that the money shall be paid on presentation of the note or cheque. Have you paper and ink?" "One word first," said Greddley. "You said 'us.' Who is 'us?' You and Pecksley?" "I included this young lady, of course." "Why 'of course?" sneered Greddley, yet with sudden uneasiness. "She is my cousin, and betrothed wife. She cannot go." The banker turned to Hetty. "What is your wish, my child?" he asked. "Oh, take me with you, Mr. Preble!" pleaded the young girl, clinging to him. "Take me with you, or I shall die!" "I will not leave you, Hetty," he exclaimed, with determination. "I will defend you as if you were my own child." He turned his glances upon Greddley, who stood at the foot of the stairs." "You hear?" he said. "She prefers to go with me. I will not leave her behind." "She shall not go!" exclaimed Ben. Greddley, "She must be my wife. She was all well enough till that Adrian Thorne came along. She's got her ambition up to be a city lady, but it won't do. I've got the first right." "You have no right in the matter," said Mr. Preble. "This is a free country. The young lady can marry whom she pleases." "You think so?" sneered Greddley. "That's all you know about it. I'd kill her before I'd lose her." "I'll make the sum fifteen thousand if you'll allow Hetty to accompany me," said the banker. "Not for a hundred thousand," said the inn- keeper; "nor for twice that. She is worth far more to me. She is worth to me," he added significantly, "just so much as you are worth, and as much more as her good looks 'll fetch. Now be lively. Make up your mind to go with- out the girl, or to stay. In the latter case, I shall jine in with Pecksley. Take your choice. As you said, it's a free country, and I won't try to influence you one way or the other. I an't dependent on no ten nor fifteen thousand dollars. Why," he added, boastingly," I expect to have three times that before morning, all in hard gold. So make up your mind quick, as I've got to be hurrying home." "I've already stated my decision," declared the banker, firmly. "The young lady must go with me." "Then stay, and be hanged to you!" cried Greddley. "I've fooled long enough with you. I've got business at home, and I've no more time to spare. Pecksley, I'm your man. I'll jine in with you to seize your doting old banker, and I'll take the girl and be off. She'll be safer back at the old tavern, since everybody seems to be making a rendezvous of this old place. What do you say, Pecksley? Shall we wind this 'ere business up ?" "That's the talk!" exclaimed Pecksley. "You take your girl, and I'll take my man. Shall we pitch in?" Greddley assented, and looked fiercely at the two figures on the stairs. "Come! You may as well drop off your perch up there, you two. Come down!" "You'll have to come after us," said the banker, quietly. "I'll send a summons first," said Pecksley, raising his revolver. "How will it suit your master to have me shot?" asked Mr.Preble. Pecksley lowered his weapon. "That's so," he muttered. "The boss han't no use for a dead man. A dead man can't sign cheques." "You mustn't fire," exclaimed Greddley. "I won't have the girl endangered. They have no fire-arms—nothing but a knife and a poker. Let's take them by storm." "Tell you what," said Pecksley, "there's nothing like a bold onslaught. Let's make a rush." Greddley assented; and with ready ingenuity, thrust his torch forward almost into the very eyes of the banker. The smoke and the heat and the red dancing flames temporarily blinded Mr. Preble. Before he had recovered his sight, and while he was striking out blindly with his knife, Greddley had hurled himself against him, borne him down to a prostrate position, and stood above him triumphantly. "Here's your man, Pecksley," he shouted. "Now for my girl." Pecksley, who had been kept back for the mo- ment by the narrowness of the staircase, now sprang forward to grasp Hetty. The girl retreated, the house resounding with her shrieks. "None of that, miss," growled Pecksley, pur- suing her. "You'd better yield. The old party's given under, and we're two to you one." Hetty replied only by brandishing her weapon and by repeated screams. "There's no one to hear you," said Greddley, savagely. "Or if any passer-by should hear you, he'd think the ghosts were screaming, and would hurry past the faster. Pecksley, don't be so afraid of the poker. Grasp her!" But the advice was not so easily put into practice. Hetty eluded Pecksley like a will-o'- the-wisp, and rained down blows upon him with the heavy poker, exasperating him to the last degree of fury. "The little demon!" he muttered. "She won't escape me this time." He pursued her along the upper hall, and cornered her. Capture then was easy, and he led her to the stairs, where Greddley, still hold- ing down his captive, awaited them. "Tie her up first," said Greddley. "The little fire-cat. And then come and help me bind this man." But binding was not so easy as it seemed. The recent bonds of Mr. Preble were in the kitchen, and Pecksley set out for that apartment, half carrying his captive with him, she continu- ing her frantic struggles and her wild screams for help. They had passed in this manner half down the staircase, when a loud and sudden tumult was heard in the kitchen, and two men burst into the hall, bearing brands which they had snatched from the fireplace. These men were Adrian and Yip. A single glance at the figures on the staircase sufficed for them to take in the situation. Fling- ing down their torches, they dashed up the stairs, their revolvers in their hands. Hetty and the banker were released at once, their captors engaging in a fight against the in- truders. But the fight was brief. Ben. Greddley, recognising our hero, did not wait to test his skill and courage, but, intent on his own preservation and on the execution of the plans at which he had hinted, rushed past the new-comers, nearly upsetting them, fled along the hall and through the kitchen, and was soon heard riding furiously along the road. Pecksley, thus deserted, recognised that dis- cretion was the better part of valor, and made good his own retreat, also riding swiftly away. Adrian and Yip turned their attention to those whom they had so timely rescued. "Hetty!" exclaimed our hero. "Hetty here! I thought it was Mrs. Preble." He held out his arms, pressing the girl to his heart. Mr. Preble arose, and held out his hand, smiling. "Adrian!" he said. Adrian started. "You here, Mr. Preble!" he ejaculated, grasp- ing the proffered hand. "Is it you and Hetty whom we have rescued? I thought Hetty was in Sacramento, and that you were in San Fran- cisco. How came you up here?" "Hardwick telegraphed to me in Mrs. Preble's name," said the banker, "and I fell into his trap. I came out at once. He took me captive to-day and shut me up in this house. Miss Hetty was a prisoner here when I arrived.' "And you know that Mrs. Preble is missing?" asked Adrian. "Yes. I have the clue to her prison," said the banker. "What providence brought you here at this critical juncture, Adrian?" "After leaving Hetty at Sacramento," re- turned Adrian, "Yip, my friend here, and I went back to the Five-Fork Tavern, having the idea that Mrs. Preble might be confined within it or in its neighborhood. We arrived there last night to find Ben. and the old woman out. The paralytic was sitting in his chair, and we seized the opportunity to search the house, even to the old mill-race under the wing. We found human bones in the mill-race, and trinkets and finery and pedlar's goods in an upper room, but no trace of Mrs. Preble. Then we went away, apparently satisfied that the Greddleys knew nothing of her disappearance, but secretly re- solved to watch their every movement. And so, when Ben. Greddley stole away from the tavern to-night, we followed in close pursuit, keeping as close to him as we dared, and believing that he was proceeding directly to the prison of Mrs. Preble. This idea was confirmed when, as we came near, we heard a woman's screams. I believed the voice that of Mrs. Preble. I did not dream of finding you here, Hetty," he added. "I thought of you as safe at Mrs. Wilbur's. My poor little girl, how you must have suffered!" He clasped her close, then gently released her, and retreated down the steps. "Our first task is to search for Mrs. Preble," he said, picking up the dying torches. "I am very uneasy about her. Thank heaven, Mr. Preble, that you have the clue to her where- abouts!" "And my child?" cried Mr. Preble in a choked voice, yet with eager manner. "Adrian, have you found her? Have you obtained any trace of her—my poor, lost Jessie?" Adrian looked up at the banker and at Hetty. "Come down," he said, gravely. "Come into the kitchen, and I will tell you all I have learned." CHAPTER XXXVIII. A MYSTERIOUS STAGE. THE young man's face grew yet graver, his manner more thoughtful. "Understand me, Mr. Preble," he said, " I have not yet sufficient proofs of your daughter's identity. Those must be found later; yet I know—I am morally certain—that I have found your child. Listen. I have found a young girl, brought up in a back region, who strongly re- sembles Mrs. Preble. This young girl was taught to consider her ignorant and brutal pro- tectors as her parents. Providence, taking pity on her, gave this child a friend, who educated her, and brought her up in an atmosphere of purty and intelligence. This girl discovered that these people, to whom she was compelled to return in her girlhood, were not her own parents. They then pretended to her that she was their niece, and fabricated a story to prove their assertion." "Oh!" breathed Hetty. "I have inquired into this girl's history," con- tinued Adrian, still pale and grave, "and I find that she made her first appearance in this region when she was three years old—" "Jessie's age when she was lost!" said Mr. Preble, breathlessly. "I find that at the time she was richly dressed, and wore a necklace, better than befitted one of her pretended parents' means. I find that the man who brought her here—the man who exer- cised a constant supervision over her without interesting himself in her personally—the man who came punctually early in every August to see her, when she was compelled to return from Sacramento, that he might believe her brought up here in savage ignorance, as he had directed —the man who took her away this very August, and who intended to marry her—I find that this man was—Hardwick! Mr. Preble," he added, gravely and simply, "after fourteen years, here is your child!" The banker looked at Hetty in amazement and bewilderment. My child! my child! he whispered, hold- ing out his trembling arms. "At last! At last!" Hetty sprang to his embrace. He wept over her, he caressed her, he invoked blessings upon her, and at last, weak with emotion, he sat down upon the bench, and not even then would he permit the little glossy head to leave his bosom. "Oh, Jessie, if your mother were only here!" he breathed. "And she knows nothing of this! What a glorious surprise for her! And to think I did not know you from the first, when you looked up at me with your mother's eyes! Had I met you anywhere but in this misery, with all my thoughts distracted, I know that my heart would have claimed you. I have feared so much, little Jessie—and you are pure and loving and intelligent!" He put her a little away from him, that he might look into her face. It was a face of which a father might have been proud, for to its rare beauty was added an expression of fine intelli- gence, and the eyes were lighted with a radiance from her glorious soul. Just now the face was full of an exquisite tenderness and sweetness, that stirred his heart to its depths. "I am impatient to be gone," he said, at length. "I am impatient to take my child to her mother. Adrian, let us go. But first, my boy," he added, "let me thank you for your kindness to my child. Her mother will thank you better than I can." The horses Adrian and Yip had ridden were soon at the door. One of the horses Hetty had saddled was there also, under the tree, but Pecksley had taken the other. "Only three horses to four persons," said Adrian, standing in the door-way. "Hetty will have to ride behind me until we can procure her a horse, or I will walk while Hetty rides." "We will ride together," said Hetty, blushing. It was so arranged. Mr. Preble was assisted to mount, Hetty was placed on her lover's horse, Adrian then mounting, and Yip leaped into his saddle. "Where are we to look for Mrs. Preble?" asked Adrian. "At a house belonging to one of Hardwick's men, named Wix. It is on the Sacramento, about seven miles from the city, and near to the house which Hardwick himself occupies under the name of Burret. I learned thus much of his man Pecksley." "We shall easily find the place," said Adrian, hopefully. "Our route will take us past the Five-Fork Tavern, where Hetty suffered so much, but we shall not stop. Mrs. Preble and I had a strange adventure there. He proceeded to narrate all the particulars of his trip since leaving home, Mr. Preble listening attentively, yet with eyes fixed far oftener upon Hetty than the narrator. Leaving the bye-road at length, they came upon the main road, which was far easier to travel. A little below the junction of the two roads, the travellers beheld in advance of them a heavy, lumbering stage-coach, whose top was laden with heavy boxes of the kind used for bringing gold from the mines. Two men—one of whom was the driver—sat upon the box. The blinds were drawn, the interior of the coach seeming vacant. "That must be the convoy of gold we heard of to-day, Yip," said Adrian. "It has been ex- pected for some days. I think the Three High- waymen were waiting for this stage—for the fact of its coming leaked out a week ago—on the night they attacked Hetty and me." "It would be foolish to send gold with but two men to guard it," observed the banker. "I think you must be mistaken, Adrian. Would it not be well, as Jessie seems tired, to take seats for her and for me in the coach, while you and Mr. Yip ride alongside. Adrian assented, and they rode faster, over taking the coach. As they drew near, the stage halted, and they heard the driver exclaim: "Three men after us! Can it be—" There was a stir inside of the coach. The blind was softly raised, and a group of heads was for a minute visible. The travellers noticed also that the boot seemed agitated, and they fancied they saw eyes gleaming out at them from its crevices. But as Hetty was seen, on nearer approach, the driver and the man at his side burst in a loud laugh, and an absolute silence enveloped the body of the stage. "Have you two unoccupied places in your coach?" inquired Mr. Preble, riding alongside. "I want them for my daughter and myself." The driver looked at the questioner search- ingly. "Got no room," he answered gruffly. "This an't a passenger coach—it's chartered to take gold to Sacramento. Can't he bothered with passengers. The travellers fell back, disappointed. "Not a passenger coach!" said Mr. Preble, addressing his companions. "I'd like to know what it is, then. It is full of men. I am posi- tive of the fact" At that moment a volley of rifle-shots rang out ahead of them in the still night air. CHAPTER XXXIX. THE SHIPWRECK OF GUILT. THE travellers rapidly approached the scene of conflict, every feature of which in the bright moonlight became plainly visible to them long before they reached it. "The coach is attacked by the Three High- waymen, sure enough!" ejaculated Mr. Preble. At this moment a dozen sharp rifle shots again rang through the night air. "The vigilants are in earnest," exclaimed Yip, spurring his horse in advance. "We shall be in at the death. No Three Highwaymen—nor six even—could stand against such a force. Yip! Yip!" A breathless eagerness fell upon the little party as it again neared the stage, and not a member of it spoke until they drew rein beside it. The fight was over, and the Three Highway- men were stretched upon the ground—two dead, and one dying. Adrian's quick glances detected the thick rope stretched across the road to stop the progress of the coach, and then his gaze was turned upon the actors in the wild scene. There were more than a dozen men, dressed in plain farmer garb, with keen and resolute faces, and determined eyes. They were mem- bers of the Vigilance Committee, which had been organised for the purpose of capturing the Three Highwaymen. Their leader was Captain Holby, he who had rescued Mrs. Preble from her prison under the Wix cottage. But one or two of the men were wounded, and that but slightly. It was a weird scene. The three masked and prostrate figures, surrounded by a dozen stern- faced men who were lighting torches, and outside this circle our party of travellers, high on horse- back, and overlooking the vigilants. "Tear off their masks!" said Captain Holby, stooping on one knee beside the larger of the two dead highwaymen, and holding his lurid torch above his head. "Cut the strings, Wil- kie. There!" Mask and wig fell off together. "Now who is he?" cried Captain Holby, letting the red glare fall full upon the dead face and staring eyes. "Does anyone recognise him?" A cry came from Hetty's lips, as she bent forward in her saddle. "It is Mr. Greddley, of the Fife-Fork Ta- vern! she exclaimed. A groan came from the wounded highway- man, and he turned on his side. "The Five-Fork Tavern-keeper!" ejaculated one of the vigilants. "Old Greddley!" "The paralytic!" cried another. "So it is! His paralysis was all a sham! Who would have imagined it! Who are his accomplices?" "We will soon know!" said Captain Holby, grimly, arising and proceeding to the next. "Wilkie!" Wilkie came, and removed the mask and wig of the second highwayman. A white, drawn face was exposed to view, and a scanty quantity of long, coarse grey hair fell upon the ground. "A woman, by all that's merciful!" ejacu- lated Captain Holby, recoiling. Another cry came from Hetty, who turned sick with terror. "Mrs. Greddley!" she said. "A woman!" cried Holby. "She was a fiend in human shape. He took out his handkerchief and spread it over the coarse dead face—perhaps remember- ing that this wretched creature belonged to his mother's sex—and then he turned to the last of the Three Highwaymen, he who was dying. Wilkie cut the cords confining the mask, but the dying man fought for his disguise with a wild and desperate energy, using the last flicker- ing remnant of his strength. Wilkie overpowered him, tearing the mask from him. "Ben. Greddley!" said Hetty, in a faint voice. "He is the son of the others." The dying man turned his glances again upon Hetty. He strove to speak, still looking at her, but the effort was vain. Then a great sigh burst from his lips; a jet of blood spurted from a wound in his breast, his limbs contracted—and he was dead! The vigilants, shocked by their discovery, re- mained standing around the dead outlaws. "Strange we never suspected the Greddleys!" said Captain Holby, after a pause. "But, after all, it's not strange!" exclaimed the nearest neighbor of the Greddleys. "One was a woman, one pretended to be a paralytic, and the third wore a wooden leg. How could we suspect them? This young woman here, who identified them," he added, looking at Hetty, "may be able to tell us more about them. She is Miss Greddley, daughter of the elder man and woman, and sister to the younger Greddley." Hetty instinctively shrank from entering the discussion. The banker came to her rescue. "You mistake," he said, with quiet courtesy. "This young lady is my daughter, Miss Preble." "Preble!" repeated Captain Holby, coming forward, his face lighting up. "Are you the San Francisco banker, sir?" "The same." "Did you meet Mrs. Preble in Sacramento?" asked Holby, full of interest and curiosity. The banker stared uncomprehendingly. "Do you know anything concerning Mrs. Preble, sir?" he demanded, eagerly. Holby smiled. "I will tell you all I know," he said. "We had information that a certain Wix, who lives by the river about seven miles from the city, was a suspicious character; so I and two or three of my men called there on our way up to meet the stage in which we came here. We found, shut up in the cellar of Wix's house, a lady who gave the name of Mrs. Preble. We released her, and escorted her to the next house, where one of our members—Wilkie here—lives. And there we left her, expecting that Wilkie's folks would get the lady to Sacramento, which place she was in haste to reach." Mr. Preble turned eagerly to Wilkie. "And you took Mrs. Preble on to Sacra- mento?" he asked. "I was not at home, sir," replied Wilkie, re- spectfully. "I was on my way to the rendez- vous to join our members who were coming down in the stage. And my wife and daughters and son had gone to the city to do trading; they started long before I left home. The lady must have remained at my house to-night with my mother, who was at home all day, or else, very likely, she went on to the next house, Mr. Burret's—" "Burret's!" ejaculated the banker in dismay. "Yes, sir. Mr. Burret is a wealthy man, and has horses and boats. He could have sent her on to the city as well as not." "Burret's!" repeated Mr. Preble, alarmed. "Could you lead us to his house, Mr. Wilkie? This Burret is my deadliest enemy. My wife in his power! I will not readily forget your kind- ness, and will reward it handsomely, if you will guide us to Burret's house." Wilkie reflected. "It's no ways certain that Mrs. Preble called there," he said. "Mother was alone, and most likely prevailed upon her to stay all night, pro- mising to send her to the city in the morning. Still, I will guide your party, sir, if you will de- lay setting out for a little while. The truth is, I think a part of the committee ought to search the Five-Fork Tavern, which is only a mile ahead. We may find traces there of the mur- ders and plundering of the Three Highwaymen." "Wilkie is right," said Captain Holby, with decision. "We will—a portion of our number —go on and search the tavern, while the rest of the men follow with the bodies. Wilkie can then go on with you, Mr. Preble." The banker, although anxious, made no ob- jections to this plan, and with his party he set out for the Five-Fork Tavern, in company with Captain Holby, Wilkie, and two others. The tavern was closed when they came up, and the windows, were darkened. "Looks as if the folks had gone to bed," said Holby, dismounting, and trying the door. "It's locked. We shall have to beat the door in." An entrance was soon effected, and the whole party entered the kitchen. It was cool and pleasant, the fire having died out on the hearth. A tall candle was burning in a lantern on the mantel-piece, but its rays were dim. Captain Holby seized the lantern and searched the pantry, discovering a box of candles. These were distributed and lighted; Adrian, Mr. Preble, Hetty, and Yip also being provided with them. "Now, scatter over the house," said Holby. "Wilkie, you and I must search the old mill- race under the wing. You, boys, take the cellar. Mr. Preble, if you and your party are inclined to help us, suppose you search up stairs. Any signs of murder, or of plunder, are what we are looking for. There must be some traces of their villany, and we must find them. So very many have disappeared from the midst of the community, and so much anxiety has been felt about them, some people hinting that they have run away, that any news of them will be a relief." He beckoned to Wilkie, and departed for the province which he had assigned to themselves. The other two vigilants descended to the cellar. Adrian conducted his party up stairs. "I made a flying search of the house last night with Yip," he said, "while two of the Greddleys were absent. I have something else to search for now. Hetty, dear, show us Mrs. Greddley's chest—the one that contained the little garments and trinkets." Hetty comprehended, and led the way to the front chamber. "She kept it in a closet off this room," she said, opening the closet door. "And here it is," she added, indicating a small red chest of deal, which was soon broken open, and discovered to be filled with trinkets, fine garments, rings, several watches and chains, and other trophies of the Greddleys' nefarious trade. In the very bottom of the chest, a little pack- age was discovered, labelled "Hetty." Adrian handed this to Mr. Preble in silence. The banker opened it, disclosing a little white embroidered dress, a gay ribbon sash, and a small paper box filled with child's jewellery. Mr. Preble examined the latter with tremb- ling hands. "My wife would know the dress," he said, "but I bought the child's trinkets, and should remember them." There was a pretty and delicate gold necklace, with a tiny locket clasp, and a pair of armlets to match, having similar clasps. "I remember these," the banker murmured. "I gave them to my child on her third birthday. I had a pretty idea, that of inclosing her picture in the locket of the necklace, and one each of her mother and myself in the lockets of the armlets, thinking she would prize them when she grew to womanhood. Look." He touched a spring in the necklace locket, revealing a tiny likeness of a lovely little fairy, with floating hair, and wide astonished eyes. Underneath the picture, in microscopic letters of gold, was the one word, "Jessie." The lockets of the armlets disclosed the por- traits, after a minute pattern, of Mr. and Mrs. Preble, both looking younger, yet not more handsome than now in their prime. "It did not need this proof of Jessie's iden- tity," said Mr. Preble, smiling tenderly on his child. "But they make 'assurance doubly sure.' That is for your mother's eyes, Jessie," he added, caressing her. "We shall soon see her now, let us hope. God has cared for us so well that I know he has not deserted my poor brave wife." Meanwhile the two vigilants in the celler were making similar discoveries, and Captain Holby and Wilkie were equally fortunate in the mill- race, clearing up the mystery of more than one singular disappearance, so far as the discovery of human bones and scraps of clothing could do it. At length the search was concluded, and Wilkie announced his readiness to depart. A long, hard ride brought them to Wilkie's house, which was dark and silent, its inmates being asleep. Wilkie soon roused them, and, having effected an entrance, went in search of his mother. He came back to the group on the verandah, the old lady following in a strangely mixed at- tire. "Mrs. Preble is not here," said Wilkie, re- joining his new friends. "No," said old Mrs. Wilkie;| "she was in such a hurry to get to the city that I sent her on to Mr. Burret's. I saw her go into Burret's gate," she added; "but, though I watched quite a while, I didn't see her come out." "Quick, then!" cried Mr. Preble. "She is there!" He hurried out and mounted. The others, in- cluding Wilkie, followed him quickly, leaped upon their horses, and set out swiftly for Bur- ret's house." [WILL BE CONCLUDED IN OUR NEXT.] DR. NAMIAS, of Venice, has discovered that after the administration of bromide of potassium as a medicine, it can be detected in the brain, the lungs, and the liver, as well as in the blood. ROMAN REMAINS AT BATH.—The excavations that are being made in Bath for the construction of a new hotel have brought to light some very interesting Roman remains. THE Registrar-General's returns show the death-rate to be 23 per 1000 against 34; London 23, Bristol 27, Birmingham 19, Liverpool 23, Manchester 27, Leeds 23, Bradford 35, Sheffield 21, Newcastle 20. SOME new and commendable rules have been put in force at the Munich opera. Nobody is allowed to enter during the performance of the overture, and those who arrive while the curtain is up are required to wait till it falls before tak- ing their seats. 