SOME G&APTERS; PK0M THE REOOLLEC nous OF GEOFFSi HAxMLYN: The stillness was av -_. , u , * , „ „**«» 4rt» behind the forest bW ,**! »' ^Ltafa^iow '\r., J)l»u ,.-,-»r use light, and said — «,« 'iL^ X-S.' -w, I nil a headache, and went to ChariSiuTtno «* ? *« *h0 Et°ry --oi were ^ ? ' N? W «*» seems to have frightened you so r ' „„.{;,,. fr f c man thira Capiain Touan, my dear iTh e ^iTotn, leaning back with the air ei a man ' what - Kade a l'oint' and wo?ld bo ekd *° hear » m /en have to say to that, fir '' ^-.j.? /osn?' repeated Mary. ' Why, that's the great .. /anger that is out to the north— is it not ?' The same man, cousin ! And there I sat hob and , A with him for half an hour in the Lake George jafeUc-houee. If Desborpugli had come in, he'd have sad hang me. for being found in bad company. Ha ! Sii! ha.!' 'My dear partner,' she Eaid, 'what a terrible ?escape. Suppose he bad risen on you ?' ' Why I'd have broken his back, cous'n,' said Tom, 'unless my right hand hail forgot her cunning. Hois a fine man of his weight ; tout, Lord, in a struggle for life and death. I coald bre-ik his neck, and have one , more claim on heaven fdr doing eo; for ho is the lnosl ?damnable vil\ain that ever disgraced God's earth, and that is the truth. That man, cousin, in one of his ?devil's raids, tore a baby from its mother breast by the leg, dashed its brains out against a tree, and then— I daren't tell a woman what happened.'* ' Tom ! Tom !' said Mary, ' how can you talk of \--Siich things?' ' To show you what we have to expect if he comes {his way, cousin; that is all.' ' And is there any possibility of such a thing ? asked Mary. ' ' Why not? Why should he not_ pay us the com pliment of looking round this way V 'Why do they call him Touan, Tom!' asked Charles. . 'Can't iyou see?' said Tom: 'the Touan, the grey flying squirrel, only begins to fly about at night, and slides down from his bough sudden and sharp. This fellow has made some of his most terrible raids at night, and so he got the name of Touan.' 'God deliver us from such monsters,' said Mary, and left the room. She wont into the kitohen. Lee eat there smoking. When she came in he rose, and, knocking the ashes out of his pipe, touched his forehead and stood looking at her. 'Nowtheri, old friend,' she said, 'come here.' He followed her out. She led the way swiftly, through the silent night, across the yard, over a smal paddock, up to the sheep-yard befcide the woolshed. There she turned shortly round, and, leaning on the fence, said abruptly — *' No one can hear us here, William Lee. Now what have you to say?' He seemed to hesitate for a moment, and then began :— ' Mrs. Hawker, have I been a good servant to you ?' ' Honest, faithful, kindly, active; who could have been a better servant than you, William Lee? A friend, and not a servant ; God ismy witness ; now then!' IS,' I am glad to hear you say so,' he'answered, I did you a terrible injury once ; I have often been sorry for it since I knew you, but it cannot be mended now.' 'Since you knew me?' she said, 'Why you have known me ever since I have been in the country, and you have never injured me since then surely.' ' Ay, but at home,' he said. ' In England. In Devonshire.' 'My God!' ' I was your husband's companion in all his earlier villanies. I suggested them to him, and egged him on. And now, mind you, after twenty years, my punish ment is ceming.' She could only say s'.ill, 'My God!' while her throat was as dry as a kiln. ' Listen |to what I have got to tell you now. Hear it all in order, and try to besr up, and use your com mon sense and courage. As I said before, you have good friends around you, and you at least are in nocent.' ' Guilty ! guilty !' she cried. ' Guilty of my father's death ! Bead me this horrible, riddle, Lee.' 'Wait and listen,' said Lee, unable to forego, even in her terror, the great pleasure that all his class have of spinning a yarn, and using as many words as possible 'See here. We came by Lake George, you know, and heard everywhere accounts of a great gang bushrangers being out- So we didn't feel exactly comfortable you see. We came by a bush public house, and Mr. Troubridge stops, and says he, * Well, lad, suppose we yard these rams an hour, and take drink in the parlour?' 'All right,' I says, with a -nk, ' but the tap for me if you please. That's my ice, and I'd like to see if I can get any news of the tereabouts of the lads as are sticking up all round, fiuse, if they're one way, I'd as lief be another.' Lll right,' says he. So in I goes, and sits down, (here was nobody there but one man, drunk under fie bench. And I has two noblers of brandy, and me of Old Tom ; no. two Old Toms it was, and a brandy ; when in comes an old chap as I knew for a lag in a minute. Well, he and I cottoned together, and found out that we had been prisoners together fiye-and- twenty years agone. And so I shouted for him, and he for me, and at last I says, 'Butty,' says I, nho are these chaps round here on the lay' (meaning, who are the bushrangers) ? And he says, 'young'uns — no one] as' we know.' And I says, 'Not likely, matey; I've been on the square this twenty year.' Same, here,1 Says the old chap ; ' give us your flipper. And now,' cays' be, ' what sort of a cove is your boss' (meaning Mr. Troubridge)? 'One of the real right sort,' says I. ' Then see here, says he, Til tell ypu something; fne head man of that there gang is at this minute asit ting yarning ,TOth your, boss in the parl 'The devil,' eayj I. 'la so,' says he, 'end no. flies.' So I singp'out, ' Mr. Troubridge, those sheep will be out;' (id out he came running, .and I -whispers to him, 'mind the man you're sitting with, ' asd leave me to pay the score.' So he goes bask; and presently he sings out, 'Will, hare you got'&ny; money 7* And I says, 'Yes, thirty shillings.' '(?'Then,' ?an he, ' pay for this and come along.' And thinks I, 111 go in and have a look at this great new captain of bushrangers ; so I goes to the parlour door, and now ?who do you think I saw?' ' v» ' I know,' she said, 'it was that horrible villain they called Touan.' . '.'_.-.' ' The same man,' he answered. 'Do you know who he is.' t - ?She found somehow breath tojsay, ' How can I ? How ? isitpossibler -.- ? -.'»' ' ' / ? i wui teu you,' Bam ijee. . \\. xnere, sitting in front of Mr. Troubridge, hardly altered in all these long years, sat George Hawker, formerly of Druin ston,— your husband 1' She gave alow cry, and beat the hard rail with her laid till it bled. Then turning fiercely round, she' t*5&, in a voice hoarse and strangely altered, — ' &►,' Have you anything more to tellme. you croaking raven?' ...-..-. He had something more to tell, but he dared not apeak now. So he said, ' Nothing at .present, but if laying down my}ife-s-' ;? '..'?. She did not wait to hoar him, with Tier hands clasped , above her head, she turned and walked swiftly towards ? the house. She. could not cry, or sob, or rave'; she could only eay, 'Let it fall on me, Oh God, oninoJV over and again, ':??',, . ' . ? '.''''? I Also, she' was far too crushed and stunned to think precisely what it was she dreaded so. It seemed after wards, as Frank Maberly told me, that she had an ' indefinable' horror of Charles meeting his father, and of their coming to know one another; She half feared that her husband, would appear and carry away her ?on with him, and even if he did not, -the lad was reck less enough as it was, without being known and pointed at through the* country as' the son of Hawker the bushranger. These were after-thoughts, however ; at present sh'e leaned giddily against the house-side, trying, in the wild hurrying night-rack of her thoughts, to distin guish some tiny star of hope, or even some glimmer of , reason. Impossible ! Nothing but swift, confused «3ouds everywhere, driving wildly on— whither? But a desire came upon tar to see her boy again, and compare his face to his father's. So she slid Quietly into the room where Tom and Charles were , talking together of Tom's adventure, and sat looking atthnboy, pretending to work. As she came in, he was laughing loudly at something, and his face was alive and merry. ' He is not like what his father Was at his age,' she said, But they continued their conversation. ' ' And now, what sort of a man was he, Tom ?' said Charles. ' Was he like any one you ever saw ?' ' Why, no. Stay, let's see. Do you know, he was ' something Jiko you in the face.' ' Thank you !' said Charles, laughing. 'Wait till I get a chance of paying you a compliment, old fellow. A powerful fellow— -h ?' Why, yes,— a tough-looking subject,' said Tom. 'I shouldn't have much chance with fri™ I sup pose?' 'No ; he'd be too powerful for you, Charley.' ?A. change came over his face, a dark, fierce look. Haiy could see the likeness now plain enough, and even Tom looked at him for an instant with a puzzled look. 'Nevertheless,' continued Charles, 'I would have a turn with him if Imet him. I'd try what six inches ? of cold steel between ? ' 'Forbear, boy! Would you have the roof fall in and crush you dead?' said Marv. in a. voice that appalled both of them. ' Stop such foolish talk, and pray that we may be delivered from the very sight of * Tom was contusing Town with Michael Howe. Ihelatter actually did commit this frightful atrocity; but I never head that the former actully combined the two crimes In Bat way. these men, jand suffered to get away to our.gr-.ives in 1 p:ace, without any more of these horrora and surprises i X .would sooner,' she said, increasing in rapidity as she ? went on_,*'I would, far sooner, livo like some one I have : heard of, with a sword above his head, than this. If he comes and looks on mo, I shall die.' She had risen and stood in the firelight, deadly pale. Somehow one of the bands of her long black hair had fallen down, aad half covered her face. She looked so unearthly that, coupling her appearance with the wild, senseless words she had been uttering.- Tomliada horrible suspicion that she was gone mad. 'Cousin,' he said, 'let me beseech you to go to bed. Charles, run for Mrs. BarkerT' Mary,' he added, as soon as he was gone, 'come away, or you'll be saying something before that boy you'll be sorry for. You're hysterical ; that's what is the matter with you. I Am afraid wo have frightened youiy our talk about bush- : rangers.' . : i ' Yes, that is it ! that is it !' she said ; and then, Buddeoly, ' Oh ! my dear old f riiend, you will not , desert me?' ' . j ' Never, Mary, ; but why ask such a question now ? 'Ask Lee,' she said, and the next moment Mrs. Barker, the housekeeper, came bustling iu with smell ingTsalts, and so on, to minister to a mind, diseased. And Mary was taken off to bed. Tom ?' said Charles, when Bhe was gone, 'Sbe is out of sorts, and got hysterical: that's what it is,' said Tom. 'What odd things she said !' ' Women do when they are hysterical. It's nothing more than that.' But Mrs. Barker came in with a different opinion. She skid that Mary was very hot and restless, and had very little doubt that a fever was coming on. ' Terri bly shaken she had been,' said Mrs. Baker, ' hoped nothing was wrong.' 'There's something decidedly wrong, if your mis tress is going to have a fever,.' said Tom. '.'Charley, do you think Dr..Mulhaus is atBaroona orGaroopna?' ' Up at the Major's,' said Charles. 'Shall I ride over for him ? There will be a good moon in an hour.' 'Yes,' said Tom, 'and fetch him over at once. Tell him we.think it's a fever, and he will know what to bring. Bide like h— L, Charley?' As *oon as he was alone, he began thinking. 'What the doose is the matter?' was his first exclamation, and, after half -an-hour's cogitation, only had arrived at the same point, ' What the doose is the matter?' Then it flushed across him, what did she mean by ' ask Lee' ? Had she any meaning in it, or was it nonsense ? There was an easy solution for it ; namely, to ask Lee. And so arising he went across the yard to the kitchen. Lee was bending low over the fire, smoking. 'William,' said Tom, 'I want to see you in the par lour.' 'I was thinking of coming across myself, said Lee. 'In feet I should have come when I had finished my pipo.' ' ' Bring your pipe across, then, said Tom. **irl, take in some hot water and tumblers.' 'Now, Lee,' said Tom, as soon as Lee had gone through the ceremony of ' Well, here's my respex, sir,' 'Now Lee, you have heard how ill the mistress '' I have indeed, sir,' said he ; ' and very sorry I am, as I am partly the cause of it.' 'All that amplifies matters, Will, considerably,' Baid Tom. ' I must tell you that when I asked what put her in that state, she said, ' Ask Lee.' ' . ' Shows her sense, sir. What she means is, that you ought to hear what she and I have heard ; and I mean to tell you more than I have her. If she knew everything, I am afraid it would kill her.' ?*' Ay .' I know nothing as yet, you know. ' Lee in the first place put him in possession of what we already know— the fact of Hawker's reappearance, and his identity with '.'The Touan;' then he paused. 'This is very astonishing, and very terrible, Lee,' said he, 'Is there anything further?' ' ' Yes, the worst That man has followed us home !'? Tom had exhausted 'all his expressions of astonish ment and dismay before this; to now he could only give a long whistle, and say, 'Followed us home? 'Followed us home!' said Lee. 'As we were passing the black swamp, not two miles from here, this very morning, I saw that man riding parallel with us through the bush.' 'Why did not you tell me before?' . 'Because I had not made up my mind hew to act. First I resolved to tell the mistress; that I did. Then after I had smoked a pipe, I resolved to tell you, and that I did, and now here we arc, you see.' That was undeniable. There they were, with about as pretty a complication of mischief to unravel as two men could wish to have. Tom felt so foolish and non plussed, that he felt inclined to laugh at Lee, when he said, 'Here we are.' It so exactly expressed the state of the case ; as if he had said, ' All eo and so has happend, and aduece of a job it is, and here sit you and I, to deliberate what's to be done with regard to so and so.' He did not laugh, 'however ; he bit his lip, and stopped it. Then he rose, and, leaning his great shoulders against the mantelpiece, stood before ..the fireless grate, and looked at Lee. Lee also looked tit him. and I think that each one thought what a splendid specimen of his style the other was.^. If they did not think so, 'they ought to it,' as the . Londoners say. But neither spoke a few minutes ; then Tom said— ' Lee, Will Lee, though you come to me a free man, and have served me twenty years, or thereabouts, as a free man, I don't conceal from myself the faot, that you have been convict. Fish, man ! don't let us mince matters now — a lag.' 'Lee looked him/all in the face, without changing countenance, and nodded. ? r ' Convictedmoro than once too,' continued Tom. 'Three times,' said Lee. ' All !' said Tom. ' And if a piece of work was set before me to do, which required pluck, honesty, courage, and cunning', and one were to say to me, ? Who will you haye*0 help you ?' I would answer out boldly,. ' Give ineTf ill Lee, the lag; my old friend, who has served me so true and hearty these twenty years.' ' ? ' And you'ddo right, sir,' said Lee quietly. And risingcp, he stood beside Tom, with one foot on the fender, bending down and looidng into -the empty ' Now/Wul, £p-d§$PP-i turning round and laying his hand on his^Sbvgmfc ' this fellow has followed us home, haviiigVfouna-''outjjirlio we were. Why lias he done ao?' :-i*- ' * ' ' . ' Evident,' ef.icI ijefe to worK on tne tears ot tne mistress, and. getsome'money fromier.' 'Good,' said Tom. Well answered. 'We shall get to the bottom of our difficulty like this. Only answer the next question as well, and I . will call you a Poly— ; Poly—; d — n the Greek.' r 'Not such a bad name as that, I hope, sir,' said Lee, smiling. 'Who might she have been? A bad nn I expect. You don't happen Jo refer to Hobart townPolly, did you, sir?a . ' Hold your tongue, you villain,' said Tom, ' or you'll make me laugh; and these are not laughing times.' . ' Well, what is your question, sit f ' asked Lee. . ' Why, simply this : 'What are we do ?' r. ' I'll tell you,' said Lee, speaking in an animated whisper. 'Watchj watch, and.watbh again, till you catch him. Tie him tight, and hand him over to Captain Desborough. He uiay be about the place to night : he will be sure to be. Let us watch to-night, yon and I, and for many nights, till we catch him.' 'But,' whispered Tom, ' he will be hung.' , *' He Las earned it,' said Lee. ' Let him be hung.' -?'But he-is her husband,' urged Tom, in, a whis per. 'He is that boy'a father. ,^I oannofdo it. Can't' we buy him off?' ^ T* .?&»,'- answered Lee in the* same -tone, SMUlhis Metieyisgone. Then you will have afchance of doing ?' This is atemble dilemma,' said Tom; and added w \» perplexity almost comical, 'Drat the girL Why didn't .sue marry poor old Jim Stockbridge, or Bleepy Hamlyn, i-r even your humble servant ? .Though, in all honour I must confess that I never asked- ier, as those two others did. No I I'll tell you what,Lee : we will watch for him, and catch him if we can. After that we will think what is to be done. . Bytbe bye, I have been going to atk you— do you thick he recognised you at the public-house there?' 'That puzzles me, ' said Lee. ' He looked me in the face, but I could not Bee that ho did. I wonder if:he£«cogni«edyou?' ' ' -. *' I never saw him in my life before,' said Tom 'it is very likely that be knew me, though. I was champion of Devon and Cornwall, you know, .'be fore little Abraham Ganu kicked my legs from under me that unlucky Easter Monday. (The deuce curl his nair for doing it!) I never forgave him till I heard of that fine bit of play with PoUdnghorn. Yes!'. Jib must have known me.' Lee lit the fire, while Tom, blowing out the candles, drew the curtains, so that any onexmtside could not see into the room. Nevertheless, he left the French window open, and then went outside, and secured all W1V UU£DAU bllO UUg^lUUBC. The night was wonderfully still and dark. As he paused before entering the house, he could hear the bark falling from the trees a quaiter of a mile off, and the opossums soratching and snapping little twigs as they passed from bough to hough. Somewhere, appar ently at on immense distanoe, a morepork was chanting his monotonous cry. The frogs in the creek were silent even, bo hot was the night. ' A-goed-piight, for watching,' said he to Lee, when he came in.T 'JLiaJ you down ; I'll take the first watch.' ?*& \f. They blew out the twndle, and Lee was in &&act;?gf lying down, when he arrested himself, and held up his finger to Tom. -They both listened, motionless and in silence, until they could hear the spiders creeping on the ceiling. There it is again ! a stealthy step on the gravel. Troubridge and Lee crouched down breathless. One minute, two, five, but it did not come again. .At length they both moved, as if by concert, and Lee said, ' 'PoBsum,' ' Not a bit,' said Troubridge ; and* then Lee lay down again and slept in the light of the flickering fire. One giant arm thrown around his head, and the other hung down in careless grace; the great chest wu beared up, apfthe b|pd thrown back-; the seauied end^TMged features seemed more i stem and marked than ever in the chiaroscuro ; find the whole man was a picture of reckUss strength such ai one seldom sees. Tom had tiozeu and had awoke ?irain. unii nnw «nt thinking. ' What a. terrible touch. customer that fellow- would be !' when suddenly be crouched on the floor, aud, Caching out his hand, touched Lee, .who awoke, and silently rolled over with his face towards the window. ^ There was no mistake this time— that was no opossum. There came tbe stealthy step again ; and now, as they lay silent, the glass-door was pushed gently open, showing the landscape beyond., The gibbons moon was just rising over the foreBt, all blurred with streaky clouds, and between them and her light they could see the figure of a man, standing inside the room. . Tnm ««Mtf il trait nn inncrAt* TTf. efurfoil nn nnA fAll headlong with a crash over a little table that stood in his way. They- both dashed into the garden, hut only in time $o hear flying footsteps, and immediately after the gallop of a, horse, tbe echoes of which soon died away, and all was still. * . 'Missed- him, by George!' said Leo. '1$ was a precious close thing, though. What could he mean by coming into the house,— eh ?' ' Just as I expected ; trying to get an interview with the mistress. He will be more cautious in future, Itakeit' ? ? -. ' I wonder if he will try again ?' 'Doc't know,' said Troubridge ;' 'he might ; not to-night, however.' They went in and lay down a;ain, and Troubridge was soon asleep; and .very soon that sleep was dis-, turbed by dreadful dreams. At one time he thought lie was riding madly through the busb for bis bare lite ; spurring on a area Horse, wnica was taiiinj every moment more and more. Dut always through the tree-stems on his right he saw glancing, a ghost on a white horse, which kept pace with him, do what he would. Now he was among the precipices on the ranges. On his left, a lofty inaccessible cliff ; on the right, a frightful blue abyss ; while the slaty soil kept sliding from beneath his horse's feet. Behind' him, unseen, came a phantom, always gaining on him,, and driving him along the giddiest wallaby tracks. If he could only turn and face it, he might conquer, but he dare not. At length the path grew narrower and nar rower, and he turned in desperation and awoke— woke to see in the dim morning light a dark figure bending over him. He sprang up, and clutched it by the throat (TO BE OOHTINOKD.) 