SELECTED POETRY. SONG OF THE WIFE. In silence, weary and -vorn With books- every one has been read A woman sat in a womanly poullt Quite tired of needle and thread. Smoke, emoke, smoke, It was the plasnue of her life ; And still with a voice that coughing broke. She sang the song of a wife. 'uff, puff, puff, My husband will smoke till he dies, And nmoke, sm.oke, smoke, In spite of my nose and my eyes. When first he gets out of his bed, And before lie hbriules his hair, He's sure to stick a pipe in his month "To puff away all his care." Smoke, smoke, smoke, Till my brain begins to swim, Smoke, smoke, smnoke, Till my eyes grow heavy and dim; Meerschanm and clay and wood, Wood and ;ierchaonm and clay, Pipes of all color and eovry size Are puffing my health away. "Oh men with sisters dear, Oh men with mothersand wives," It's not tobacco your burning out, But the very breath of our lives. For who wouhl live such a lot, Or who would wiish to share The bed and hoard of a chimn. y-pot, And live in this tainted air? Or who would seek the bliss With a smoke- jack for ever to dwell. Or the joy and delight of having a kiss With such a tolacscoey smell? Smoke, smoke, smoke, His smoking never flags : And what if he did, for the smell is left So long as weary time wags. My room smells like an old bar; My clothes decent peolle must shun, For the villainous odour of pipe and cigar Have really their very worst done. Smnoke, smoke, smoke, From matin till vesper chime, Smoke, solke, smoke, When awake he smokes all the time: In spite of all I can say Of health and sweetness punr, He smokes away till the end of the day, And at night, too, he snmokes to be sure. Smloke, smonlke, smoke, He ruins my curtains and clothes, Smoke, smoke, smoke, Till one wis es one hadn't a n..se. When first I open my eyes. Above my glass I belhold A St. Nicholas pipe, a fitting time t'f the misery that I've told; For 'tis long and grim and gaunt, 'Tis thin, and ghastly, and pale, A very ghost, and I treimble almost," And my heart begins to quail ; For I know that while life shall last That pipe will ever he there, And my only hope is the river or rope, To save me from ttter despair. Smoke, smoke, smoke, ' There are pipes wlher'er I torn, Smoke, smoke. smoke, And each must be used in turn. I look at my mantel-shelf, Where vases I've placed with care, Holping in vain some praise to gain From tiy friends for their heauty there; But alas l each holds cigars or a pipe, Andi some of them several more : For I've counted them oft as the tears I wipe, And they ntumber more than a score. Oh, but for one short hour No longer to see the smoke wreathe; No precious leisure to gather the rose, But only time to breathe; To breathe as I used to breathe In my chamber up aloft, Before I knew a husband that smoked, No matter how much I scoffed. In silence, weary and wirn With books-every one huas been read A woman sat in a womanly pout Quito tired of needle and threal. Smoke, smoke, smoke, It was tile plague of her life; And still with a voice that o.ughinu broke, She sang the song of a wife. 