HOBAET TOWN AND THE SOUTH. (From our own Correspondent.) Tuesday, October 18. TEE CLOSE OF THE SESSION. The prorogation of Parliament took place to-day. The ceremony was conspi cuous for its quietude. Although the Governor, attended by his aide-de-camp, and Captain Warren, appeared in person* he was not received by a guard of honour. Whother the absence of this usual embellishment of a nroroeation was indicative of the poverty of the colony, the disbanding of the volunteers, or the approaching dissolution of Parliai ment, is a moot question among the curi ous, which I will not presume to make clear. 'Coming events cast their shadows before them.' The Governor, with a long and peculiar inspiration, de clared the Parliament prorogued until the 20th of May, 1871. THB WOBE OOT THEOTOH. Were the advantages to be derived from the eight weeks' work transacted by the Parliament of Tasmania to be cor rectly calculated by the number of Bilk introduced by the Government, and passed into law, they would, for a colony so small, be very great. No less than 60 Bills have becu introduced during the past session, all of which, save eight, have passed both Houses. Most of these mea sures—many of them of great moment — have been passed with extraordinary rapidity by a happy family in one House, and a narrow majority in the other. Their effects will soon, for good or evil, be seen or felt. The most serious piece of legis lation lias been the passage of the Main Line Railway Bill ; DUt the ' smartest' piece of business bis been the division of Hobart Town and Launceston into elec toral districts. The precise effect of this unexpected change cannot now be realised ; but the next general election will make it clear. ' One trial will prove the fact.' GOING HOME. Half the members of the House of Assembly retired to their homes a week ago, and the rest have now followed their example. The sheepowner has repaired to his flocks, the attorney to his private practice, the medical practitioner to his patients, the retired gentleman to his country seat, and the merchant to his counting house; The reporter has laid down his pen, thankful that his task is done ; the heart of the newspaper pro prietor no longer palpitates at tho thought of the swelling proportions of his gas bill, and the complaints of members who are never reported as they desire. The silverv notes of those members who glory in 'airing their eloquence' are for a season hushed ; and all is as quiet as if not far in tuo distance loomed — THE DISSOLUTION. The Treasurer did not appreciate the friendly and anxious solicidude of his pre decessor Mr Charles Meredith, as to die exact period at which, he intended to ' give up the ghost' as a Minister of the Crown. Nor is this surprising, considering the Parliamentary amenities, which have been extended by those two worthies to each other, since they crossed the Treasury barriers. Mr Meredith need not however, alarm himself as to the suddenness of the ministerial disposition; for it will not take place until it can be no longer avoided; and even then Mr Meredith will not succeed to the inheritance. Many old members have however, announced their intention of dying out politically with the present Parliament; and it is very much to be feared that the consti tuences, both North and South, will not be gainers by the infusion of new blood, which their retirement will entail. ' Ex perience makes fools wise,' is a triusm which none more thoroughly realise, than those' who enter Parliament under the delusive impression that, in political life, ' k. new broom sweeps clean.' Southern Tasmaman Prospecting Asso ciation.— A. meeting of the directors of the above company was held (the Mercury says) at the company's office, Elizabeth-street, on Monday afternoon. The Bill to encourage the Exploration for Minerals in the Waste Lands of Tasmania having passed both branches of the Legislature, the directors resolved that Mr Arabia's exploring party, which arrived here recently by the barque Bella Vista, should be immediately despatched on an exploring tour. We understand they will leave town on Wednesday, .all the neces saty preparations having been already com pleted. ' 