I AT LAST ! OnIy nineteen to-morrow !— So young, it is hard to die; Only nineteen!— In anguish I've trebled my father's years ; 'Tie the old, old tale, little Mary — a meeting, a love, and a lie, i That lured me on to sorrow, and drown'd life's light in tears. Strangely is fancy working, till *ven this wretched room Seems to we like the shady arbour, where we sat in the days of old, Till the nightingale sang in the tree topp, and the stars peered through the gloom; And tbe sound of my father's sheep-bells came trem ulous over the wold. up iuo wuiuuw, iUBLry— j. miai m yuur XAmuon air ; Oh for the breezy moonand — I speak with fast failing breath; Dying's so hard in London— oh! if I could die down there, ; At home midst the waving heather — 'twould steal \- ! half the sting from death. Sounds, scents, and sights of home are wand'ring across my brain— ; The low of my father's cattle, the gilly-flower bed at the mill, The church with the ivied turret I never shall see again, I ; Unless ghosts walk in the night-time through awnoj they remember still. Hark ! will yen listen, Mary?— It it his foot on the stair. Am I mad ?— No, 'tis he — I heard hi™ — his foot o'er the landing passed ; Charlie, my own old darliog— I shall sot die in despair; Kits me — I am st happy— I knew you would come at loet. Charlie !— you said you loved me. Ah ! me, my weak woman's heart; ;'Wben you won that heart but to break it, pride bade me live on in vain. Tears, Charlie ? Nay, I'm happy. Till I die, dear, we must not part ; Darling I'm very happy— let me dream my old dream aeain ! Bury me— won't you darling ? in the old church yaid at home. Plant my grave o'er with pausies— they're Memory's flowers, you said ; You gave me some, Charlie, dearest,— ere you cross'd the ' Atlantic's foam ; And I kept them— see, love, they're withered— and, darling, I'm nearly dead ! ? - Light up the candles, Mary — the night's coming down apace, Darker, and darker, and darker. Has the sun gone down in the we6t ? Cold 'tis, and dark— God help me ! —I can hardly see your face ; And your tears on my brow are falling. Hush, dar ling— God's will is best. —Selection. 