ORANGE 8TORIE8.-N0 1. . T I Y. Bv "UAVI.IG HT." ClIATTEIt IX. Ju.st repeat your question again, Mr. Reader 1 . Is this an Crangc story ? yes ! — although by your look you seem to question my ansAVer. It is an Orange story ! and if you Avill bo patient enough to Avait until Ave many one of the coin- jjositors to Cleopatr.a — an event Avhich, for de cency sake, Ave cannot promise to lAorform in one or tAVfi chapters — j'ou Avill say so. I Avas going to chide you for intcxTUiiting me by asking such , a question — a question arising, no doubt, from the false idea common to cortaiu people t hat anything claiming to itself : an orange or pniple , ansxj'cics must neeessartly confine itself to dis- cussion.ary Avartare Avith the Papa! aa'orld. Noth- . ing of the sort. The sinceritA' Avhich Ave shoAV in upholding the simidicity of Primitive Chris tianity ag.ainst the ' a'ile beast Avliich ambitious popes .and lasciAuous monks liaA'e made her, has become a bye-Avord ; but Ave arc quite as sin cere and .as earnest in other matters, Avhether they assume the shape of courtshq) or matri mony, friendship, or a conversation on Destiny (AA'hatcver this dark word may involve). And, indeed, aa'herever you find a man th.at is consis- tently sincere in matters pertaining to true re ligion, you Avill .also find him correspondingly sincere in matters rebating to Ioa'o, friendship, or in aa'hatcA'er he may profess. It is impossible that he can be othonvise ; for Christi.anity does not recognise .as her votary the m.an Avho is a zealot in one thing") and an hypocrite in another. Christianity aa'ill liaA-e truth, and nothing short of it, by AvhatsocA'cr name it be called— Avhethcr earnestness, sincerity, friendship, or policy — (if the dishonesty Avhich lurks so frequently un der this latter Avord Averc looked at through other than coloured spectacles, common honesty would be disposed to regai'd it as being inti mately cnnnected Aidth the emxiire of lies). And but to my story ; , As the things Avhich Mark and Oliver beheld in the kingdom of dreams ' Avere .as disjointed as they Avere graiid, it Avould '>0 useless to attempt their portr.ayal. Their dre.ams Averc a mass of bc.antiful confusions from beginning to end, some times ropre enting a hill of roses — a vernal A'al- ley sleeping in the dread silence of the tranquil daAvn — a bleak night, liOAV and anon lit up by the coruscations of .auroral phenomena — a peace ful crystal lake (smiling under the full moon), upon Avhich glided a gondola, paddled by Oliver and Mai'k, and Cleopatra sitting at the stern, clad in Avhite and or.angc, pl.aying a lute. Pro- A'okingly incoherent, glimpses of this kind, that in the Avorld of slecj) " Come like shadoAvs, and so depai't," entertained thetAvo comxxositors aa'hile in " bed- fordshire," until " The rosy morn, in russet- mantle clad," drcAV a curtain round their dream-sceneries, when, — they aAvoke. " I tell'you Avhat it is, sir," saidMark, as soon .03 he opened his eyes, " I must go this after noon .and discoA'er this Cleopatra ; for I haA'o been dre-auiing of hei- ; .and something tells mo Destiny links me to her, sir,' in a very myste rious manner." " And so must I," s.aid Oliver; "forlhaA'c also beheld her in my sleep." " Beheld aa'ho ?" asked M.ark. " My Cleopatra," ansAA'ered Oliver. "Don't confound the girl you refer to, sir, Avith the girl I h.ave so named. There can only be one Cleoxxatra, sir, therefore, call your beauty by another name. " " Very AA'ell," ansAvered Oliver, " I shall call her Venus until I knoAV her OAvn name." M.ark seemed much satisfied at this conces sion, and immedi.ately took out his old friend — - the Prayei'-book — read with a tone of individual solemnity a morning pi'ayer and then acuomxja- nied OliA'cr to breakfast. ' Mr. .aiul Mrs. Buzz noticed something un- usujilly restless .about theii- two guests. M.ark's broAV was gloomy ; Avhile OliA'er axqjeared to be absent-minded — .absent ca'en from the comical looks of Mark, Avhich ahvays aflbrded him mer- rimsnt. The host and hostess soon discoA'ered thatMark Av.as as deaf to their questions apd ob- seiwations as Oliver. Both Avere absent — where Avere they ? They (Mr. and Mrs. Buzz) could not say. Could they be mad ? Were they moonstruck ? No ; Mr. and Mrs. Buzz., they are neither. Mark is simply Avandering after Cleopatra, aa'hile OliA'er is looking for Ve nus. Their absence bespeaks their sincerity in the objects aa'hich thus absorb them. Perhaps the tAVO compositors AVOuld have sat at breakfast till dinner-time (so unconscious were they of their where.abouts), had not k Lark perpetuated one of those ludicrous blunders incidental to absentmihdedness; AA'hich thrcAV Mr, and Mrs. Buzz into tumultuous fits of laughter, the noise of Avhich brought the tAVO lovers to their senses. The blunder was certainly unpardonable under less extenuating circumstances, bxit, not the less comical. It aa'.os simjjly this : Sausages having been supplied for bre.akfast that morning, Mark, abstracted and o.strangcd from everything and cveiybody aliout him, vigorously stirred Ids tea Avith one of them. He had mistaken a s.ausage for a teaspoon. Hence the screams of the Buzzs, the .aAA'.akening of the loA-ers, and the breaking iq) of the bre.akfast party. Fortunately for our tAvo friends, the Avork al lotted thoin for the d.ayAA'.as comp.aratively light. Copy aa'as sc.arce, and " files of the Sydnej' and Brisbane ixapers" aa'cre not due until tho.mmTOAA. The apprentices Avcre eug.aged in setting up a letter signed "The Ghost of Ban Bau"— (a nom de, plume aa'hich often stalked the columns of the Ghromcle) — the owner of aa'hich sepulchral name aa'as regarded liy the goo.d folks of Maryborough .as a Avriter of infinite drollery. Oliver and Mark, on the other hand, aa-ere setting up one of. Mr. -Buzz's loaders— .an unusually long one, .as it made OA'er a column and-a-half, but a a'ery light half d.ay's AVork aa'hon divided betAveon tAVO. Without a Avord tr.anspiring betAVcen them from the timotlio.y commenced until they had finished, they slogged aAA'ay at the rate of tlu'cc "stielcs" an hour — not an extr.aordmary Xiace for long x)rimer, .and the narroAV measure of the columns, but considering the disti'aeted minds of the tAvo eonqxositors, a'cry good Avork — indeed, something quicker than aa'hat, in the trade is e.alled " GoA'ernmcnt stroke;" that is, the xxaee at aa'hich compositors in our Goveni- ment Printing Offices jjick uj) ty;)c.s, aa'hen not rushed by some ' qn-essing requirement. The ominous quietness of these tAA'o indiA'iduals as tonished the axqn'entieos, AA'ho aa'cre of o5inion that its cause must haA'e been the resiilt of some quarrel. Boys will be inquisitiA'e, — oven in mat ters that ought not to concern them, so it Av.as not a m.atter of astonishment to OliA'er and Mark to be .asked by the office juA'cnilcs—" What's iqj, Mark— .any coolness bctAA-een ye — eh ?" They Avere assured, hoAA'cver, th.at OliA'er and Mark still liA-ed in fratei-nal amity, and th.at cmiA'crsation had been susxiended oidy Avith a a'icAV to Lacilitate the aa'ork, so as to afford them the Avhole aftenioon for their oAvn recreation. The axxprentiees Avere uoav done Avith " The Ghost, " .and after x>nlling a x>i'Gof of him, and leaA'ing it in Mr. Buzz's i-ooin to be read, left the office and took to squirrel-hunting. Mark pulled the xxroofs of the long leader and left them Avith the .author (Mr. Buzz) in the fi'ont shoi). While this gentlem.au aa'as " I'e.ading doAAn" his le.ader, Mark and OliA'er Avcre in the little room (elsc- aa'here referred to) busily x>''cx).aring thcmsch'es to look for Cleopati-a .and Venus. Preiar.ations for the most imxxortant business are often doomeil to inteiTuption — and it not iufruqxxently hax)- pens that Avhile .a man is jrex).aring to enjo)' himself, ho is in reality unfitting himself to con front unlooked for a-exations. Our tavo friends Avere in this XJosition. They Avcrc interruxxted — intcrriqxted inoxqxortunely. OliA'er aa'.as driiAV- ing his N.axxoleons oA'er his buckskin breeches, and Mark deluging his long black h.air Avith hair-oil, Avhen Mr. IBnzz shouted out : — "Hollo! Holloa! Come here, both o' ye ; come here !" They immediately entered the editorimn and aa'ere .at once subjected to a moist merci I e.ss fire of satirical .artillery — Buzzatie satire — aa'hich lasted Avithout intermission for some Ha'c min utes. "I do not object to your being desxxeratoly in loA'e," commenced Buzz : " but I certandy take objection to your jiiixing loA'e .affairs Avith the subjects of my articles. You haA'c actually ex pressed yonrselA'es in this leader aa'hich you li.aA'c set nx) in a manner that easily accounts for youi- dexjortment at breakfast this morning, Avhicli .at first seemed to me and my xxartner mys terious and inexx>licable !" . " AAHiat do you mean, sir ?" asked OliA'er. " Wliat I haA'c said,"- rexdied Buzz. " And may I ask, sh, aa'hat have you said ?" demanded Maik. " If yon have been so de.af — if you h.ave not understood me," reidied Buzz, " .alloAvmeto ask you to re.ad aloud to me .and OliA'er the xiart of the leader Avliich you have set xip." Hcreixpon Buzz handed him the x'l'oof, and Mai'kxu'o- eeeded :— - " The a'.alxxable aeqxxisition to M.ai'yboroxigh aa'hich the 'Ai-iadne' lias just imxiorted hi the sliaxio of a cargo of immigrants, is e.aleulated to enhance the interests not only of this toAA'iishix) but of the aa'hole Burnett district ; for my Cleo patra, tiiv, is the diwbml creature ever I saw." OliA'er .and Buzz roared out at the latter x)art of the sentence, aa'hile Mark stood eoiifouiided, looking at the xiroof as if lie aa'itnessed something that could not possibly luwe .an existence. "You need not re.ad more, ' ' said Buzz: ' ' Tha t is the only gi'.aA'e aeqxxisition to my .article that has been ' imxjorted from your nodille." Mr. Buzz then handed OliA'er the other xu'oof, xioint- iiig huh to a certain x'i>-i''igi"axjh, and mxuesting him to re.ad it .audibly. OliA'er read : " We aa'oxxld adA'ise the immigr.aiits that h.aA'e recently arrix'ed in this toAxn not to indxilgc too mnch in golden dre.ams of r.axiidly accunixxlating fortxxnes ; for, as tlie saying is, the course of true lov<?, never did run smooth. I wonder what's her name i" '" Bother.ation !" cried OliA'er, aa'hen he read his bhnideriiig. "Botheration! 1 iiiixst. Mi'. Bxxzz, acknoAA'ledge my oaah and :ark's blunder ing to be xxiqiardonable. We Avill rectify the errors directly ; .and befoi'c doing so Avoxxld ask you to forget this carelessness, or aa'hatcA'cr it m.ay be called." " And I, sir," obsor\'ed Mark, " aa'ould say a aa'ord or txx'o 011 the sxibjeet. A comxiositor, sir, is not e.xnetly a m.acliine ; but his aa'ork, sir, m.ay bo termed a meehanical .art. According to his exxieriencc, his fingers AviU become .aeeliniatiscd to the typcs--Avill become 'sixseexitible of the toxieh, the size, ay, in some cases, the identity of a letter . Bxxt, sir, yoxx nixist know that coni- XiosKo/iiig is not a a'ery eongcnial business to a mind that is distracted, .as, sir, aa'hile it docs not as a rule dexn.aiid the conccntx'.ation of a eonqio- sitor's Avliole attention, it Avill not .alloAv his mind to dix'ide itself or run into the same lati tudes and loiigitxides as Avould other trailes and Iirofessions. A man, sir, may c.arry bricks, sir, and yet m.ay be de.sperately in Ioa'c ; a man m.ay dig a aa'cll, .and Avhile doing so speculate on the' diA'ine xxa.ssion ; bxxt, if he is a eomxiositox', sir, .and is in love, sir, he is in jeoxiardy ; for in his absence of mind he may set xxxi something foreign to the matter of his eoxiy.!' " Thei-e may be a good deal of truth, Mark," s.aid Bxxzz, "iiiAvliat you liaA'c jxxst obserx'cd ; but I .am afr.aid that there .ax-o snine xicoxilc aa'Iiosc ' .absence' Avoiild bo XJfcsent even in carrying bricks or digging a Avell. No later than this morning, I s.axv a certain individual Avho, in his marvolioxxs obliA'ioii of AA'hat he Avas about, mis- , took a snxxs.age for a tcasxioon, ami actually stirred his tea Avith it." This remark had the efTcet of conciliating the ; three, for it set Buzz .and OliA'er a laxighing, aa'hile M.ark stood as mxxte as a statue, ami as solemn-looking as a imaii depriA'cd of his dinner. ' They entered the " eomjiosing room," and be- g.an to rectify aa'h.at, to use Mark's aa'ords, he " Avould not .again be gxxilty of the like, for a colonial governcrshix), sir." To be continued. 