GENERAL NEWS. The female immigrant per «bip Alnmbagh were open ta«Dgagement« otitfonday at the rmmigration Depot, Jjstrobe street. Tiiey era m very soperior class of servants, end readily found employers at fair rates of wages, as reported:—Cooke and laundresses £20-to £25 per annunni; nnraemaide, £12 to £18; bbnaimaids, £18 to £12: g»neral ssrvante," £16 to £22 per annum Tiers were forty-one on hire, allot whom, with font exceptions, obtained situations. ' T Tbe exposition-of borees, promoted by HfBsrs QoyBer, VCaughey, and Co *u opraed yest'rdsy •t the old Port Phillip Society'^ Show-yards: There wu a large attendance of visitors, and BKH 'he Oake of Edinburgh end His 'Excellency the Gflveror w*re present daring the gre<ter part of (be day,' In Scewdance with thu plaifl ol tbe exhibition, the horaee' TO'ersfl for competi'ion TCeM pariied. and •fterwaraa ittbmitted to preo'tic4 teste, with a view ti> aseertain Ihetr' ^oilificataoni'. the buntin( cUsees, the tri»l« so far £» 'hey have proceeded, have not been altogether sa'iEfac'oty, in cpnaeqoence of the defective obBrecter of the fiiices employed and the imperfection of eome of |he enangementc made, while" the 1'dy riders »e» eoaroely eble to JUDVB theirhoraeB for the ciowd, who were allowed bv the police to do jmt'ii they pleased, and the cone'aaent» was tbat U was actually dangeroua for « ladv to attempt t* tide a spirited; horse. To day. Itowrver, freeh >Beerf i» to be employ^, and, variotti tmproremtnta in the atraageirenta Which have .Krefsied themselves wilt be made. Tbe ex- poaition will close on when ^ t be *nai Totals will biraade, *od the pm»B awarded.—At$m ^ ^ T f t i n i e fc^fi^ Am a' long fime ipartin; the MUi-of she >hW beha#r in }|s ^e W ^ c b ^ MoBday Ja^ when Mr _ ..i!^ .L.t .ha liail Done to hil nnQODM.' s le«i«d nunstraied with, she ebueei Mr Thompson, and b-catne so violent ti.a; he '.ad to civeher into cn*t >dv. The woman appeared in Court on Monday with her twad bandaged up, in consequence, she s'a ed, of M. ttwmpson having krocked ber down, but he stated thai he mer.ly puahed her away from him. In ap pearaace the woman was about SO years of aee, c-f !w! n^r^eX . i f n, * n ' Jretii " ed «R»EE» «F CONSIDER -ble pfrsoaal attractions. Even in her ragged _o»tntne her figure rhowed to advantsfie, and she had evidently formerly poasessed a Tery shapely oontonr. When aaked what ebe had tossy in extenoa- «on, the woman saiA that «me vears ago ah* lived with Mr Jotepb Thompson, in New Zealand. wber< »be had helped Km to become tbe "swell" he now was—-guarding the deons whfle he cheated people, and even robbing men for faia. When ehe first met him, she said, he *u » shoeblack, and since then he itsd robbed her of everything, even of her ahUd. »vhat ehs wanted now was only the money to piy passage To Ifew Zealand: Turning to Mr Thompson and addressing bim » « J of," she tola him tbat h- bad not swero truly. Mr Thompson, of course, did Mrt iook very comfortable during the womsn's rapid delivery of ibfe etatemeDt, but he merely laughed, and his enlioisor, Mr F Stephen, eaid tbat it was rot wished to punish the woman, but merely to have her bmnd over lo b-bava herct-lf, as it was known sb. »aa cririy. The Benob rsma^dtd hei for set en d»ys in order that some inquiry might be made intt the matter and he woman's s:at-of mind. •VTiu, o' THE Wisp IS a DRIVE.—'The undergjonud miners of ihe Annabell- claim Lower Huntly bsve, on Srveral occasione during the last ten daye" been rather startled at an acnsusl and very pecaliar appearance of a bady of light ehowing iU;!f in a drive. Many have seen ii when tbe plaae has been 11 1 up With their candles, and also iu the dark- It has bees followed, bat it always Tetreats before the miners when they h'.ve advanced towirda it. It is said to have an unearthly appearaoce, and does not esoee the locality it appears in to be iUuminaied w no light radiates from it; the si*e is. on all occasions it has been seen, about 3 feet by 2| feet. This pecutiu phenomenon has produced a consternation among;! the miners in the claim and tbe adjoining ones. Many are the con jeotures as to the nature ot thia nocturnal visitor, for it makes its appearance et night only. One miner declared his intention of fiirng a pistol at it, but be did not. Spiriiusliftf assi-rt in a mist positive manner that tt ii one ot the many modtB ic which disembodied epiri's have so often i f late yesra manifesteil themselves on earth, and that a medium might, by the usual recognised course, learn the objec 1 of its visit. Scienifl: people may give a diff-rent explanation.—Bendigo Ad vertuer. ? ? ASIATICS HASGIKQ —A ysung lad, seventeen years of age, 6onot Mr George Billette, of SorreU. Tasmania, whilst larking with some others on tbe 2lst Ocsober, enspended a rope from a beam, and ffl-teuing a le\ her vtmp about lus neck, proceeden to illa?lrate to his companions th*? mysteries of hanging by swinging himself back, bis feet resting on tbe ground The trap tightened mora than he hid calculated on, when, losing bis presence of mind, instead of seizing hold of the rope above bis bea-i, he flung his arms about him, only increseing his danger, and still further compressing bis windpipe. A* he wai swinging about on his feet all the time, no attention waa paid to him. ii being thought he waf playing bis gambols, and had not tbe buckle by which h'i had fastened the atrap about bis neck broken, it is possible be would hare known more and told lesa about hanging sensations As it was. his danger was only discovered when, the buckle breaking, he fell senseless on the floor.—Bendigo Advertiser, A DCTOHMAK'S VISIT TO THE "BAPPEBS."—A Dutch widower, out west, whose belter-half departed on a long journey to the spirit land some months azo, determined the other day to consult the "Rappers," and endeavoured to obtained a spiritual commonica tion, teeling anxious respecting the future state of his wife. These " Rappers" were not the genuine mediums," hut a bogus kind—adventurers endeavouring to reap a harvest out of the late mya'erious developements. After tbe usual ceremonies, the spirit of Mr Haunts"' manifested by rapB its willingness to coaverte with her disconsolate spouse " Yes, \ dearest, it is your own wife, wbo " " One tare 1 lie! you levil of a ghost 2" interrupted Etanntz, starting from bis seat; *' mine fran speak Dotting but Dtatoh; and she never said tearest in her life. It wag always * Hanntx you tief !' er ' Haunts, you tirty schkatsp!' " and the Dutchman hobbled from the room, well satisfied ibat the "rapping spirits " were all humbugs, end that he was safe from any further coummunications with his shrewish frau on this earth. One of those distressing casualties which occur through the practice of riding vicious horseB,so much in vogue in the bush, happened on Sunday afternoon, at Axe Creek. The unfortunate victim was Mr Fleming Orr, of Axe Creek, a farmer, and a highly respected man of independent means. It items Mr Orr was tiding out in the bush near Axe Creek with same a.quaintances on Sunday afternoon, when the korie he w«e tiding, backed or plunged and itrew him, and he sustained ii.jnries tbat rendered him ttiLOOneciouB until hi* tieatb on Tuesday affcernoo &tr; Orr'B untimely and Bid dea h will be deeply regretted by hit friends and neighbors at the Axe Creek and anrroundinz districts. Tha waters oootinue to fall at Ecbaca, and most of the streets will shortly be dry The body of the man Cameron, who was accidentally drowned by falling off a ettamer on a pleasure excursion up the river, baa bleu found 200 miles below Ecbuea. The body was identified by a number of articles which the deceased had in his pockets.—Beniigo Advertiser. OLD ESOLAKD FOB HVEH."—Fragment of a conversation, overheard the other day beiween two " puddlers"—a species of iron worker—of South Staffordshire, about the war ; showing that Old England's honor is cafe even in the haudB of. perhaps the most Ignorant and brutal claes -of our fellow countrymen. A" peace at any price" man has bten through the district passionately preaching noninterference at all risks :—Biiston Man : ' What eay'at Bam! Be be ratght ?' Wedgbury Mas : * Kay, never heed. Gladstone 'ill keep UK aout ov t'raow, awl warrant me—ef it's raight to b- kep aout.' Bileon Man: ' O, ay, Sam ; but we mauna stan' to be trod on, tha' minds. Old England ha' na" cam to that pitch yet' Wedgbory Man : 'Nay aw reckon wt'ra 'ready to faight, an if it Domes to close quarter 0 . Swelp ma !' Biiston Man : ' Ooorao ! AT afe pint J" Wedgbuty Man : * Aw,*" 