THREATENING TO REFUSE SUPPLIES. TFrom the Evminn Journal.] . The message sent down by the Governor yesterday to the Assembly is proof con clusive that he has set his foot down where he means to keep it. The reception of the message and the appointment of a day for its formal consideration betokens- corresponding determination on the part of the Assembly. There is another motion on the Notice paper which goes still further. The latest proselyte of the Opposition is consumed with a firey zeal which makes everything else appear cold in comparison. Mr- Nealea is no 'longer for mere resistance. He advocates retaliation, and an immediate carrying of the war into the enemies' country. He has de clared his intention to move on Tuesday, 'That this House, believing the advice given by the present Ministry to 11 is Excel lency to dissolve the House of Assembly to be instigated only by the most corrupt motives, refuse to grant any supplies in confirming such a wanton indignity on its members.' : This motion will have an incidental value in presenting to the Opposition the necessity for a calm and careful discrimination of their legal capabilities. They have been so insolently and wilfully provoked by the 'Ministerial party that the public will justify ihem in taking ' no quarter' for their motto. They cannot strike too hard or too often at :thepffice- holder3 who have set themselves tip as the only five men in Parliament fit to «endnct the Government- of the colony. They eahnot resent such a slight too bitterly, or -demand too absolute an apology for such in insult. But- they are not to seize the first/weapon that comes to band, and reck lessly fall upon the Philistines with it. 'They; have a legal' position to defend, but iJewwyi- Sfip.'.^y ' which they .exceed it will separate, them further from ^hfc -right wjach \&$£owji&&. wfirMy^VT^yhaye ieg&L; powers to exercise against the Government, but the success of .their employment will depend as much on self- restraint as oh mercy. ~ ?Anything -overdone^ will 'be dfar more prejudicial to. their c^use Wan anjr wnission: or extreme - moderation. The! iefeat and punishment -of 'the1 Ministry- ' ire subordinate to the vindication of the Opposition. A contrast of right with wrong, legislative decorum with Ministerial prosti tution, will be their best triumph in presence -f the electors. The extreme measure proposed by Mr. Neales will not have this effect, or in any way help to secure it. By adopting it, the 3pposition would lose more in moral in 3uence than they could gain in party in Suence. They would be committingthemselves to a course which would ultimately be judged by its results after its motives had been for gotten. The retaliation on the Ministry would be the act of a moment ; the conse quences of stopping the Government of the country might be felt through many future years. The Opposition cannot too studiously remember that their quarrel is with five men who for the time being appear in . Ministerial character; it is not with the offices which these men retain without any constitutional title or authority, much less is it with the supreme Executive, which though in this case it may have been un wisely exercised is none the less supreme and irresistible. The Government of the country is sacred to all citizens, ' whatever may be their personal opinions or party connections. Law and order have to be maintained, let legislators and administrators quarrel as they may. The credit of the colony must be upheld whoever sits at the Treasury. The public servants must be paid so long as they do their work and render necessary service to the com munity. The absolute stoppage of supplies i3 a thing unprecedented in English history since the Eevolution. It has very seldom been hazarded in the colonies, and in all these exceptional cases it entirely failed of its object. Once Jamaica risked its Constitution in an effort to coerce the Home Government by stopping supplies. The fate of Sir Charles Darling in Victoria will always be associated with a similar dis organization of the public service. If there is anything which the toleration of the Colonial Office cannot cover, and to which its forgiveness never extends, it is the foisting of legislative quarrels into the sphere of the Executive. This is the most dangerous error to which colo nial legislators are exposed. In their limited observation they cannot con ceive the disorder it is capable of producing and consequently they cannot realize the horror with which it would be regarded by public opinion at home. His Excellency would have no more to say to Lord Granville than that the Opposition had stopped sup plies, and the dissolution would at once stand justified. In all probability he would be commended for it, and congratulated on having rid himself of an Assembly which could not distinguish between political oppo nents and constituted authorities. It rests thus with the Opposition that they have exhausted all their legal power to depose certain Ministers of the Crown., They have failed for the present, and pending the removal of the contest to another sphere, the obnoxious Ministers retain all their Ministerial rights and func tions. They must have supplies, though not necessarily for a year in advance. The sup lies may be curtailed, and an equally emphatic censure may be implied in their curtailment as in- their absolute stoppage, Mr. Neales' motion may be modified, so as to introduce his original and .more judicious suggestion of granting only a two months' supply, This will still indicate disapproval of the Ministry, for it will.be like paying a claim under protest. It will ensure the speedy arrangement of the elections, and an immediate assembling of the new Parlia ment. Sir Robert Peel had a crisis maxim, which if it were better known in the colonies might avert many perilous excesses. ' The Government of the country must be earned on.' In South Australia such Government as we have must continue. The men who administer it arc an accident of the day, but the Government itself is an essential part of the colony. The engine cannot be stopped because an incapable engineer will not accept his discharge. Tuk Rev. A. T. Boa/. -On Saturday, Teb ruary 19, the Rev. A. T. Boaz, who lately arrived from England as minister for the Ade laide Hebrew Congregation, conducted morning service for the first tinio at the Synagogue, llundlc-street. After the usual devotional exercises, which of course were in Hebrew, he preached an able .sermon in English, based mainly upon the text, 'And niy presence shall go with thee, and 1 will give thee rest1'— Exodus xsxiii. 14. The preachor at some length spoke of the danger of trusting to the guidance of reason alone, urging that whilst those wlro gave themselves up to mere human speculation were sure to go astray, those who exercised faith in God's promises and obeyed his laws would bo kept in paths of righteousness and peace. He then enlarged upon the proofs: afforded of the special care which God has shown for lu's chosen pcoplo in all ages. Whilst nation after nation had risen and fallen, they remained, scattered it was true, but still distinct from all others. Ho expressed his own sense of the Almighty's watch fulness, and thankfully acknowledged providential dealings with him in' bringing him to that place. BricHy he concluded by referring to the circum stances in which they were met for the rirst time; the relations existing between himself and the congregation, and his plans for carrying on the work to which he hud now devoted him self. Great satisfaction has been expressed at tho wishes of many years having been realized by the. arrival of one who can devote his entire time, to seeking the spiritual good of the Jewish community of this city; and there is ample room for congratulating, that body. Mr. Bpaz is a young man of promise. He has a clear firm voice, an impressive yet pleasing manner, and is likely to exercise a beneficial influence upon his charge. Wesley an Magazine.— The quarterly munber. of this denominational organ has just reached us. It opens with ah interesting sketch of Georgo MUller, the inan .of faith. The next paper- is a cutting onslaught under the heading « Frieilds or Enemies.' After ' Beneotions on the . History of Christianity' several practical extract articles follow, ;and the remainder of the issue embraces correspondence, reports,' And ;.details.of-tbfi'Cdnfer-3ice' proceedings; :witb. the. ?President's address and his : official i sermon;: Doubtless on account of these contents the magazine will be specially prized by the body it erpresent'j. Openbhkoi* Be \A!DGua:raE!s teHUHGH.'4-The Spbmrig ,senricWa£ -the dMHyAuiltiGhutch o£ . England at.=Unley.:were held on Sunday, Feb ruary flOj I Tha. need, of; kpkee of '.worship for the' inhabitants, of Unley connected with the Church of England had been feMormany years* md Bteps; were taken -tot the' budding of this church a little. moreL than a year back. Lady Edith Fergusson laid tho : f otendation- stone on. the 14th of -August last. Fhe design was one prepared -- by Mr. rhomas, and- the Hob/. Thomog. Eiigush has superintended the. carrying out -of the' work, which has beon performed by Mr: D. Deans, the cost up ,to the. present time being about £500. Die building already erected fsiriteudddW form the nave of a large edifice, when the opngfegation has increased sufficiently, andJ circumstances will allow of its erection. The inside is as yet unfinished, the walls not being' 'plastered, and some of the windows ; being ? only tomporary. Two handsome ones', however, have been presented. The exterior presents a rery pretty appearance* On Sunday last three services were hold; That in trie morning was conducted by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, who cjave an able discourse from tho words' con tained in the 17th chapter of Luke and the 20th verse:— 'And when ho was demanded of the Pharisees when the- kingdom of G«d should come, He answered them,, and said. The kingdom of God cometh not with obser vation.' His Lordship -eferred in ap propriate terms to the opening of the church. In the afternoon the Rev. Henry Read,- M.A., of Miteham, preached from 1 Samuel, 2nd chap., v. 30, 'For them that honour me I will honour ;' also r.6fering to the event which they were celebrating. . The Rev. W. H. Mudie, of Glen Osmond, officiated in the evening, taking for his text Daniel 12th chap. 3rd verse, ' And they that are wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.' There were very good congregations on each occasion. It is intended that services shall 'be held m the morning and afternoon of each Sunday. The sorvice in tho morning will be read by a lAy reader, and in tho afternoon the Hcts. Henry Read and W. H. Mudie will officiate alternately. The amount of the offertory' was £13 17s. 9d. Glenelc Congregational Church. — The anniversary services of the above Church were continued on Tuesday, February 15, by a tea and public meeting. The -attendance was not so good as on former occasions, in consequence of the excessive heat. The Rev. Charles Man thorpe occupied tho chair. Speeches were delivered by the Rev. F.AV. Cox, J. L. Parsons, and A. Scales. Collections were made which, together with the proceeds of the tea, amounted to about £50. On the following Wednesday the children attending tho Sunday-school in connec tion with the above Church had their annual picnic. About 100 children, with their teachers and several parents and friends, started at 10 a.m. in vans and private, vehicles en route for Oaklands, the rosidonce of tho Hon.- J. Crozier. The grounds wer.o reached at about 10.30, when the young people,- after lading supplied with re freshments, scattered about the Park, and engaged in various 'amusements -'suited-' to their respective tastes. , At iJp.'m.idl : assembled for dinner, when ample justice was done to the bountiful supply of good things provided. Mr3. Crozier kindly regaled them with an abundance of fniit. The day, although rather warm at intervals, was more pleasant than could have been expected after the trying heat of the previous day. A pleasant south wind, added to the refreshing shade of tho magnificent gum trees, together with the lovely scenery and the groups of happy children, rendered the scene quite enjoyable. The procession started for home at 5.30 p.m., reaching tho Bay about 6 p.m. The teachers and friends spared no trouble to enhance the enjoyment of the chil dren, who showed their appreciation by giving hearty cheers for all at separating. HlNDMARSH-SQTJARK CONGREGATIONAL Sl'N day- School.- Anniversary sermons were preached on February 20 by the Rev. C. Manthorpe in the morning, from Galatians iv. 18 — ' But it is g-ood to be zealously affected always in a good thing.' In the afternoon Mr. J. M. Dowie gave an interesting address to the young, founding his remarks on Matthew xviii. 8, !). In the evening the Rev. S: T. Withington discoursed from Acts ix. 31— 'Thou had the Churches rest throughout all Judea and Gallilee anil -Samaria, and wereeditiod; and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in.tho comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied.' There was a a numerous attendance in the morning, and a very large congregation at night. ? Inquest at. Rbedy Cbb'ek.— Touching the death, of James Brazil, of Ree'dy Creek, miner, an- inquest was : held :by Mr. Edward Castle, J. P., with Captain Polglasc as Foreman. J)o ceased- had been takeii suddcnlyjll on February 13fvwhen Captain Polglase was sent for, and a report got abroad mat ?deceased; had injured himself by drinking too.freely of colonial winei DrTParkm, of Reedy Creek, , was called in,, and subsequently Dr. MiuVjOf^Tungkillo. Deceased complained of intense. .pain,' and, retched inces santly. Medicine was sent for, and the vomiting could not be stopped. Dr. Parkin prescribed emetic and purgative medicines without affording much relief, and subsequently administered small doses of laudanum in brandy, which cased the patient, and Dr. Muir bene ficially applied leeches to tho stomach. 7Tie patient, however, continued to. sink, and, died on the evening of the 15th. Great excitement prevailed among the minors, and tho opinion gained ground that deceased had l-ecn poisoned by tobacco introduced into colonial wine, Dr. Muir having found small portions of tobacco amongst the. vomit. The Coroner ordered a e -.-.-£ thorl'.M examination, which was mado by r. Goss, of Mount Pleasant, legally qualified medical practitioner, tho other boing present. The result clearly showed that death was caused by aurcntul hernia. After a short deliberation the verdict was handed in — 'The Jury ore unanimously, of opinion that deceased, James Brazil, came to his death from natural causes.' Pedestrianism. — On Saturday afternoon some interest w;is excited at tho Port from the fact of a couple of young men there having matched themselves to walk to Adelaide and back. The competitors were S. Wills and J. Stanton, each of whom had his backers. Notwithstanding that Stanton had the appearance of being the stronger man, Wills was tho favourite. Several bets were also made with regard to time. The start took place from the Port Admiral Hotel shortly after 2 o'clock, whon both got away in capital style, Stanton quickly showing to the front, and at -the first half-mile was 10 or 12 yards ahead. The pace, howovev, was not kept up, and ere he reached the Alberton toll gate Wills overtook and before long passed him. At the end of Alberton Wills had a load of about 50 yards, and as they passed Woodville Stanton ?was a minute and a- half behind. Wills kept up . a uniform pace, and -arrived -at the Newmarket Hotel just two minutes before his competitor, and completing the distance in one hour and 26 minutes. On the return Wills continued to increase his distance from his adversary through out, and arrived at the Port at 10 minutes past 5, having completed the journey, about 15 miles, in three hours. Stanton reached the goal 1h minutes afterwards, and both appeared pretty w'ell knocked up, neither having trained them selves, and tho weather being very hot for so long a walk. Mineral Discovery.— Intelligence has just reached us (SouU-ern Argus) of a new discovery, the locality of which is near, the Fiimiss River, -and about two miles from.the Tramway Station. The specimens we have seen consist .principally of quartz, containing splendid . indications of copper, malleable, green and blue carbonates, and yellow sulphurets.. A. smallquantity of gold has also been extracted from the. lode- but of course the exact proportion of .,' the , latter cannot' be ascertained until further trial- has. been made ? but the amount already obtained . is amply suf-. ficieut to stimulate ..further; search for the precious metal. We . believe .the discoverers nave purchased the property, consisting of .about 200 acres, and intend forming a Company at once. . ( ' '...;.,, Ox Dit.— The i Border Watch has' it that a case likely. to give employment to gentlemen of the long robe will 'shortly come onfer.hearing in* the Adelaide Supreme ? Court.1- Tife ; litigants are 'Mr; J.- Biddocb, M,&i; &n8; Mr; To8d- of Koonattoo. The case is one arising out of the Guichen Bay Boiling-Down and Meat-Curing Company. Theatre Royal.— Oji- Saturday the -3 Siege Df .Troy' was' repeated to a Moderate Twuser Ihe iphiying was the '-most spirited ana fluent' than has yet been; fir rome passages .-rather7 fluent for Mr. Akhurst's rather tortuitous puns. As an encouragement to the frequenters of the dress circle, Mr. fiarwood intends to revive the old and popular custom of issuing season tickets. They are adverttised to be had on very moderate terms. : i ? The Show. —The amount taken at the doors iuring tho two days of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society's Show was £361. '? In the prize-list. Section B, under the heading Machinery, remarks were attributed to Messrs. ? VV. W. Gall, D. Garhck, and W. H. Selway, is Judges, which they entirely disavow. They inform us— and reference to1 the Secretary s papers corroborates— that ' they were not the Judges of the articles there noted. District of Port Adelaide.— Tne Wallaroo Times mentions that the Attorney-General and the Hon. T. Reynolds are being spoken of as likely to be invited to stand, and states that it 'has reason to believe that the Hon. W. MorganT if a requisition was placed before him, would probably resign his. seat in the Council* and stand for the Peninsula. It is understood that Mr. Morgan, who has a' large stake hi the .mines on' the Peninsula, is fully impressed with tho idea that tho district'hus been used most scurvily by the Legislature.' The same paper adds:— ' We hear that neither of the two -sitting members mean 'to' again seek senatorial honours.' Shipment op Rackhorses.— A notice posted at the Globe informs the owners of horses intended to run at Flemington during ^the Autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing'Club that Mr. Darwent is willing to take over and bring back in his steamers, free of cost, all South Australian racers that prove thomselves winners. This is a liberal offer, and should be an encouragement to persons having horses in whom they feel confidence to try their fortunes on tho Melbourne turf. Gold.— Speaking of the precious motal the Oaioler Times remarks: — 'it is said to have been traced from the so-called Blumberg Reef through two or three of Mr. John Murray's sec tions, and we have since heard of gold being found near Bonney's Flat. If South Australian colonists do not soon bestir themselves, they may be assured that others with more enterprise will come from Melbourne and work their reefs, and take away the gold, while they curse the apathy which has so long prevented an thing like proper efforts being made to develop our goldtields. We have hcaru that both Victorian diggers and Vic torian speculators are coming. Cricket ? Match. — A cricket match was played at Prescott's paddock, Kensington, between the Kensington and St. Luke's Cricket Clubs. The former went first to the wickets, and were disposed of after a long stand for 9ti runs. Tho latter thon went in and made 101, and were thus the victors by live runs. The batting of W. Fenn, Read, and Roberts for the Kensingtons, and of Frost, Williams, and Carloton, and the bowling of Chambers for the St. Luke's, was good. We are requested to notice that the St. Luke's Cricket Club consists principally of members of the Young Men's Seciety, and the meetings of the Club aro held in the schoolroom, so that it is in connection with the church. Discomfort in Railway Carriages.— ' We have often thought,' says the Gawler Times, 'while undergoing the process of roasting in a second-class carriage on the North Line, that if Venetians were fixed outside the carriage win dows, as they are on the Port Line, the tremen dous heat ef the sun's rays on the glass would be greatly modified, and the comfort of the pas sengers promoted. Wo wonder why somo car riages are provided with inside blinds and ethers not. We understand that on the Northern Ex tension Line the carriages have no blinds,' and there is no shed under which they can stand at the station ; consequently they are like ovens, and ths unfortunate passengers, after two hours' baking, make a general rush, and cry for water on reaching Tarlee. Truly our system of railway management is not quite perfect, notwithstand ing the wonderful improvements the Engineer in-Cluef was to have introduced.' North Country. — The mailman reports the country between Clare and Mount Remarkable ju- being extremely barren, and says there is not a bag- of grass throughout the whole dis tance if it was all scraped together. Beyond the Mount, however, there is feed in abundance, such an saltbush and geranium, but not much of anything else. — Northern Argus. Landlord and Ten ants.— Says the Kapurida Itemld: — 'It is always pleasant to hear of kindly acts of consideration between mauJaud man, and we have just heard of a circumstance of this .kind which deserves notice. Mrl S. Davenport has a number . of tenants on ' the Light, whose crop* have not been by any means heavy, as a consequence of which they requested Mr. Davenport to accept half the rent this year, and to allow the other half to stand over. He did ? not exactly comply with their request, but he did more ; for telling them that he knew their land did not givo thorn a fair return, ho received tho half rent as payment in full.' State of Auburn.— Our local correspondent writes : — ' This place presents a dull appearance, little business doing, and everything depressed, assignments and insolvency being tho order of the day. Some? are bolting, others being sold up, and a portion of the Ixilance meeting their creditors ; therefore fanning operations are nearly at a standstill. Surely farmers will soon see the fallacy of growing wheat alone. I grow'; olf about four acres 24 bags of barley, and have had application for the whole of it by farmers close by at a good price. Surely this is wrong, anil it is to be hoped that they will soon divide thuir interest, and not have all their eggs in one basket.' Tin: Exodus. — A person, writing from Port land , thusremarks on the proceedings of late residents in the Mount Gambier district, says the \Yat(k: — ' A great number of Germans and others from the Mount Gambier district ore pegging out lots on the Dartmoor run, on which, I understand, there is some excellent land ; and as the new road, just opened by the Shire Council, passes close to it, Portland must ere long bo greatly benefited by f'o settlement which will take placo near the Border. In our more immediate neighbourhood also a great many selections are being made, so that, alto gether, wo begin to anticipate brighter days for Portland. Mr. Griffin's district is a very large one ; it extends from the South Australian boundary to Tower Hill.' Interesting to DocTpits.—The scientific cor respondent of .tho. Avtfrahman writes:— ' Dr. Upham, at Salem, has been enabling the medical students to whom he was lecturing in that place to touch tne pulses of patient'? in the Boston Hospital, 14 miles oiF.1 A 'telegraphic wire accomplished the lhattei*. It brought the beating of the patient's heart into the lecture-room, where they were rriade sensible, if not to feeling, yet to sight, .through a ray of magnesian light vibrating in unison on the wall of theroom. the ray oscillated according as the apparatus was applied to the arteries of patients in various states of health.' j From Saturday's Erening Journal.] Representation ok Noarlunga. — The Btuujip says it learns that for, Robert Smith, J.P., the well-known .agriculturist of ; O'Hal loran Hill, 'intends to contest, the. District of Noarlunga with the .Commissioner, of Public AVorks, Mr. Colton, should that, advocate for taxing the farmer's land in lieu of easing its cost be' so indiscreet as to offer himself for re-election.' Re-vR. B. Webb.— The appointment to the vacant cures of JLyndoch, Pewsey Vale, and Williamstown has been conferred upon tho Rev. Mr. Webb. The Und'alya Shooting Case^— On February 15\. the, adjourned heariiig took place at Auburn before Mr: A. King, J.P.. Dr. Wall gave evi dence to the effectthat Brett was ontbf danger, .and thbugbrat present' unable '?? to articulate dis tinctly, would, he be]ieved; be. able to appear in a few days. Owen was 'then remanded; to February 21.. ? ' . . _ . . ,, Temperance.1 — On Wednesday evening a mpcting was .held in 'the': Wesleyim Chapel, Mod bury,' under. The. J auspices or :ther T6tal :Abstutence:League :,and 'Band ?«! ' Hopq Union.' Ttfr;; H: -T^re;5 .#' Pa%eha^V'p.rea*a'ed, and %e^'.::W, -Watlons; 'C.^WVnes^m G. yf. CSleJ-of -North- :A3elaide/spokV'- -A' recitation was well given by Mr. H. Sloman, and select pieces of music were sung with effect by four gentlemen of Archer- street choir. 