AQUATICS. WATCHES TO COME. : Sons Souci Rogattu . Ixlou v. Bronzewing, £20 aside... E. Hickey v. Rush, £300 lo £200. .linster Monday .May 7tli .May 2nd A friondly match carno off last Saturday afternoon between tho well-known yachts, Olio and Ixion, and i resulted in u victory for tho Clio by about 150 yards. | We were unablo to take any timo as thora was no time- i piece on board tba "ship" in which our roportor had i the honor of sailing. The Bronzewing was to have taken part in this match, but on coming to tho scratch declined ! to start because she was not sailing up to the expectations < of her crow ; however abo chased tho other two boats ; round part of tho courso, but did not seem to have a ghost of a chanco with them. Aftor cruising about for somo time, Clio and Ixion 'wont awoy together to a Hying i start from just inaido Peacock's Point, Balmain, Ixion < having windward position. Passing the ? above point, ¡ Ixiou's topsail got foul of tho topmast stay which i necessitated its being lowored and reset. This small i mishap gu'vo' Çlio a slight advantage in tho shape of a I couple of lengths load, which, however, Ixion managed I to make good again by tho time they had reached ( Millar's Point, immediately ufter rounding which, Ixion j went up to windward of Clio but failed to pass her. I Beaching down to Dawes' Battery Olio again got away but was collared and passed (to leeward) by Ixion off | the Battery. On tho stretch to Bradley's Head very littlo alteration took place in tho position of tho two I boats, rounding which, Olio had an udvantage of barely i half h or own longtb ; from this to the Sow and Pigs i Olio gradually drew away from Ixion, but so little, that < rounding thom she was not moro than three longtha in i the van. Bunning back lo Bradley's no difference took I placo in their positions, but oftor rounding the head Olio < ran in out of tho tido, Ixion stooring a straight courso for Xiribilli. Hore tho wind which liad boen light and ! variable from tho S.E. and S.S.IO. foll almost deud calm i and tho advantage of running out of tho tide bocaino '. apparent for by the timo tho bouts reached tho point j Clio had a loud of about ¿00 yards. From this to Peacook's Point where they finished, Ixion' ovorhauled < Clio a littlo, diminishing the gap betweon them to about 150 yards. This raco as fur as Bradley's Head coming ] back, was ono of the prettiest races wo have seen for a ¡ long timo, it hoing impassible up to that placo to toll which boat would bo tho first ut tho finish. Wo think i had Ixion followed tho same course as Olio in running i out of tho tido there would not havo been moro than two . or thrco boats lengths between them at tho close of tho I race. Everything in connection with tho regatta at the Sans 1 Souci Hotel on Monday noxt is progressing favorably, 1 arid wo believe that as regards tho number of entries, the 1 affair will bo a deoidod success. Wo are pleased to hear 1 this good nows as Mr Baker deserves to be woll I supported by tho aquatic publia in his endoavour to get upa regatta at Sans Souci, and wo have no doubt but' that if the present ono is brought oil' .sith flying colors the Sans Souci Bcgatta will bo an annual institution. Tho entries woro mado lost night but with what result wo havo not hoard. Sans Souci is always largely ' patronized on holidays by our amuseinent-loving citizen, and, with tho additional attraction of a regatta tho , attendance of peoplo ought to bo unusuolly large. Last week wo expatiated on tho numerous attractions of Sans Souci, and wo have now only to say that wo hopo Mr Baker will rooeivo an adequate reward for his spirit and enterprise, . 