Murder, or Suicide. THE MYSTERIOUS SKELETON FOUND AT STANHOPE. On Saturday morning, at 10 o'clock, the inquest, 'held before the Coroner, Mr. T. W. Pearse, touching the human remains lately found at Stanhope, and supposed to be portions of the skeleton of Mr. Robert Charles,/ was resumed. Tie inquiry (says the Maithuui Mercury) con tinued during tie whole of the day, 'with the exception of two short intervals for refreshment, until a few minutes before midnight, when it was adjourned until yesterday (Monday) evening, at 6 o'clock. There were a good tnauy persons present during the whole time, evidently taking much interest in the proceedings, and towards evening the billiard-room ' at Mr. Tuck's Commercial Hotel, where tie inquest was held, was even inconveniently crowded. A sketch of the locality where the remains were found, compiled by Mr. William White from the docrip tions of the witnesses, wmcb, alUiougn not pretended t» pourtray accurately the spot, yet serred to show clearly the relative positions in which the skull, tho rest of the skele ton, and the gun were found, was placed before the 'jury, an.d was examined with much attention. The evidence respecting tho search for Mr. Charles was verv. voluminous, and we therefore select that of thoiprin cipai witnesses, together with the medical testimony, j Ellen Parkins remembered seeing Charles at Johnson's house on Easter Monday four years ago ; had never Jieard of any dispute between the two men. Constable E. pren rmn deposed to assisting in the 6earch for the missing man; on that occasion Johnson said it was no use looking. for iim. One evening when witness was returning in company with Johnson, the hitter remarked that it was very curious that Mr. Charles should have left a pound, just the verv amount that would have to be paid air the gun. Between the time when the search was discontinued on the 14th April, 1866, and tie 19th of the same month, witness saw Johnson in front of his house ; Johnsou said in a very excited manner, ' whafs np;' witness replied, ' nothing ; ' Johnson then said thai whenever he salv any of those chaps (the police) ho thought there was something up ; Mi's. Johnson then came out and interrupted the con versation by telling her husband to hurry with tho corn, or ho would be too late ; Johnson said nothing for a while, but afterwirds said that if a reward was offered Charles might perhaps turn up.i Oa another occasion witness saw Johnson passing through Lochinvar, and Johnson said to him, ' I heard from a friend that Charles was in California. ; a letter came from «. man in California to a friend in Sydney that Charles, the missing man from Maitlaud, was there;' in January, 1868, witness was collecting the electoral roll, and went te Johnson's; Mrs. Johnson told witness that Charles had turned up in Ireland ; she said a man had met Johnson oa the road, and told him that Charles was at homo now, that they (the Johnsons) had intended to leave Stanhope before that occurred, and, Johnson's mind now being cosy, they were more than ever inclined to leave ; one day during the search Johnson asked witness whether he had said that he hail soon Charles's ghost on tho night that ho had slept in his (Johnson's) ' place ; witness told him not to mind such yarns ; whenever witness was talking with Johnson on 'tlio subject of Mr. Charles, Mrs. Johnsuii always interfered, and seemed to try to break off tho con versation. Senior-sergeant Thomas Kerrigan deposed that on tho 4th April, 1866, he received information through Mr. C.olyer, he believed, about tho missing man, Mr. Charles ; on the next day Mr. Colyer came to him, and ivitness believed that Johnson also came that day; they reported that a young man, named Robert Charles, an assistant toaclier at Mr. Cplycr's school, went to spend his.Easle; holidays at Mr. Johnson's place, Stanhope, that he wout out on tic Monday for the purpose of shooting, and rtliat he was to return in order to proceed from Branxton'tb Mait ltind by the afternoon train, and that he hod not since been seen or heard of; witness felt astonished that Johnson should have pormitted such a delay before ho made his re port ; Johnson said ho had reported the matter to tho consta ble «t Branxtou ; on the following Saturday witness went t« Stanhope in company with several volunteers from Miiitluad, from forty to sixty m number ; tho scorch was kept up for several days, but without success; Johnsen appeared Io witness to bo the most reluctant in the party; witness spoke to him several times about his neglect in the first in stance, and from Johnson's answers witness Btrongly bub pected there had boon foul play ; witness sometimes entered mto conversation on the subject with Johnson in the pre sence of his wife, and whenever Johnson appeared to bo ntlicrluird jmelied JJ)S, Johnson secnied. to try to put aa idiI to tie conversation ; in consequence of his suspicions witness directed some of the police to bo in ambush, and keep a watch upon Johnson and his wife ; witness caused a great portion of the floor of Johnson's hut to be dug up, nlno tic fireplace, stockyard, pig-stye, and cow bail, to try and find if the body had been buried ; witness afterwards got some rods of iron, with which he searched the bed of a neighbouring creek, bv prodding the oarth as far as tho iron would go down; before the search was concluded the persons who were most unxiuus in it seemed to Johnson ae his greatest enemies ; when fresh parties came from MaiUand to join in tho sccrch, both Johnson and his wife would get greatly ex cited, und Johnson on one occasion said he was greatly astonished that the Maitland people should take such an interest in it. Witness went out on Monday lost, in com pany with the coroner, Dr. Pierce, Mr. Tuck, and others, to sec the spot where the remains were found, and to bring in the remaining portion of the body; witness saw the spot where it was supposed tho body had decayed, also the place where tie gun was found; the stock of the gun, as witness was lold, was about four feet from -There the corpse had lain, and the muzzle (j ihe gun from tho head of the corpse measured about seven feet; there wore two saplings grow ing between the body and the gun, which must have been growing there long before the body came there ; witness believed that if a person had committed suicide with that gun, tie muzzle would have been facing him; it would have fallen towards the corpse, but in no case could a person have thrown the gun away after discharging the shot through his head ; witness looked at the skull pro duced, and was of opinion that no one could say whether the hole in the front of the skull was made by shot or by a bullet ; witness did not think it was a bullet that made the hole in the back of the skull ; the ramrod could not have possibly made those holes ; witness tried the gun after it was found, and saw that it had been discharged ; witness did not think that death 'was caused cither by Euicide or by an accident, if the body when found had lain ' in the position pointed out to him ; when witness first went out to Johnson s house he saw a waistcoat, watch, and a pound note, which Johnson said belonged to Charles ; witness took charge of them, hut Johnson said he was entitled to the pound note, as it would be required to pay for the gun ; that property remained in the hands of the S)lice until it was given up to the Rev. W. K. Colyer, for lc purpose of forwarding it home to Charles's father; it would have been possible, supposing a person had shot him self, for native dogs to have dragged the body away from the gun; witness understood Johnson to say that Charles went out between nine and eleven o'clock in the morning. The Rev. W. K. Colyer then deposed that he was head master of the West Maitland Grammar School ; about four years and a-ialf ago he had an assistant teacher in tho (school named Robert Charles, who was recommended 'to witness by the Rev. Thomas Smith, of Sydney ; Charles came np to Maitland in December, 1885; he told witness that he had some friends at Stanhope, and as it was the Christmas holidays, witness gave bun permission to go and spend some time with them ; he came back on the day before school reopened, and on the following day tlio school work commenced ; witness and Charles got on vcfry well together ; witness found him a very steady, quiet, young man, and he was very well satisfied wi^h him; witness found that Charles was very poor, and frequently advanced him money on account of his salary during the quarter ; witness found that Charles had pawned his watch, and gave him money to redeem it ; on the Thursday before tie faster holidays Charles asked for permission to go out and visit his friends at Stanhope ; witness gave him per mission, with the understanding that he was to return on tic Monday evening, in order to resume school duties on Easter Tuesday; on that Thursday night witness paid Charles the balance due to him on account of his salary, about four pounds ; on that day Mrs. Lowe came to see witness, and he introduced Mr. Charles to her ; it appeared that they both came from the same locality in Ireland, and Mrs. Lowe invited him to go and spend the Monday even ing at her house ; Charles did not come home on the Mcnday evening, nor on the Tuesday, although witness anxiously expected him ; on Wednesday witness received a letter [marked A] from Johnson as follows : — ' Stanhope, April 30, 1866. — Dear Sir, — I am sorry I have to inform vou that Robert Charles went on Monday morning after breakfast with the gun, and was not seenj since. I feel sorry for your inconvenience, as he said he was to re turn by Monday evening's train. — Your obedient servant,' John Johnson.' Witness reported the matter almost immediately to the police; he afterwards saw ser geant Kerrigan about tho matter, who told him that he had sent a man out ; Johnson came in and saw witness cither on the Thursday or Fridav ; witness went out himself on Saturday and Sunday, and a more horrible place than the ridges about there he never saw in his life ; witness always said and still thought that an accident had occurred, and that Charles did not lie many miles from that place ; the searching having gone on for some time without result, witness wrote to the father of Mr. Charles, and in due course received an answer. (In this letter Mr. Charles senior, expressed his thanks to Mr. Colyer for the interest he had manifested in his son's fate, and expressed a hope that the latter might yet prove to be alive, and requested Mr. Colyer, in the event of his obtaining any further information, to let him know.) Witness again wrote to Mr. Charles, sen., after some time had elapsed, to say that no news had been re ceived of Robert Charles. (Witness then read the reply of Mr. Charles, sen., in which he said that being now doubtful whether his son would ever turn up, he would allow his ?lethos to John Johnson, he being a relative; his books he allowed to Mr. Colyer, in testimony of his gratitude for (Lot gentleman's kindness towards his son : the watch he desired to have sent to him, to be kept in the family sb a memento of his lost son, and he enclosed direc tions as te how it was to be sent, the postage, &c;, to he paid out of the pound his son had left.) Witness packed the watch as requested and forwarded it, hut had received no answer; Mr. Charles's box was opened in the presence of tic Rev. J. R. Thackeray, Mr. Chippendall, and sergeant Kerrigan ; there was nothing in it. of any consequence; witness kept one or two of tic cooks, and the box was then fastened up ; witness also found tie photograph of Mr. Charles in the box, which he kept out, and now produced ; Charles leaked rather older than the portrait, but otherwise it was an excellent likeness ; after the box was fastened up it was put away, and it was lost along with two or three other boxes and a basket belonging to witness in the flood of 1867; during this week witness received the following letter (marked E) from Johnson. — 'Sydney, June 29, 1870\. Dear sir — If I can trouble a friend to look after and let me know anything of importance that would concern me or my family as the [sic) very sore on me. Thank God he has come to light, it is a con solation to those that upheld for me and family. Robert Charles and me arc first cousins. Mr. Colyer be so kind as to forward to me to feiej any information or any inquiries that is made. I wish you to have to to me (sic) all things pertaining to him. The gun i6 mine, for I give Mr. Peebles 15s. worth of potatoes after I heard he asked sergeant Kerrigan for the value of it ; Mr. Colyer please to have all belonging to him sent to me to Sydney. I would be up but my present situation 1 cannot get away as it appeared in Evening Sck$, 28 June. Yours, John Johnson.' Witness always believed Johnson innocent of anything h'ke foul play in the matter ; he could not sec any motive whatever for foul play ; witness did not re member any peculiarity in Mr. Charles's .mode of walking; witness thought the clothes ' Mr. Charles wore when he left his place were something like the fragments of tweed produced ; witness was of opinion that the skull produced, was the skull of Mr. Charles | wit ness did not believe that Charles iras very expert in ghoot ing; while, with him Charlos was always punctual in his habits ; witness saw a paragraph in the Ensign newspaper, which stated that Mr. Charles had been heard of in: Cali fornia ; witness went to the office of that paper, and found out that Mr. Thomas Lcdsam had given the information on jtvhich that paragraph was based ; Mr. Charles was about twenty one years old , the description of his appearance in tlie Felice Gazette produced is tolerably correct, except that wit ness would estimate Mr. Charles's height at five feet five inches, and not five feet six inches as stated in tic ^Police Gazette. Dr. John Pierce then deposed : I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, practising in West Maitland ; on Monday morning, tie '27th of June, 1 proceeded in com pany with the coroner, senior-sergeant Kerrigan, and ethers to Sandy Waterholo Brush, situated in the Tangorm moun tains ; having descended a deep gully, I was shown a number of human bones which we're collected into a heap, and placed upon a boulder ; I then examined in and about the vicinity of the place, and succeeded in finding some portions of wearing apparel, also some decayed matter, and amongst the debris I also found one of tho cervical verte bra* and the first rib ; the skull and a couple of. the long bones hud been brought into town previous to my visit ; I examined them at the police station ; I was also shown a long rusty fowling-piece, which was said !o have been picked up near the remains of the deceased: 1 had all tic bones collected, and brought to Maitlaud ; I have since examined them care fully ; I find a large opening, with clean edges and well de fined, situated in the os fronris, immediately above the nose ; the posterior portion of the parietal bone is missing, and at the upper edge, just near (he suture, and a little to the right of the centre, a half-moon shaped orifice exists, oarrosponding in direction with tho wound that is in front ; there is fiacruro of lie left parietal bone, extending, down wumIs and backwards for about four inches ; in the remain ing portion of tho right parietal bone a fracture two inohos in length runs downwards and forwards ; nearly the whole . of (he right temporal bone, the zygoma, superior maxilla, outer wall, and part of the floor of tic orbit, on the right side, arc also missing ; there are nine teeth in the upper jaw, tho remaining seven arc missing ; the inferior maxilla is in a perfect state of preservation ; it contains seven teeth, and fits info the articulation perfectly ; I am quite satisfied that it belongs to tie skull I have just described', the loft femur or thigh-bone is nearly perfect, the right has suffered much from exposure, especially the articular ends,- which, being naturally soft and porous, may have been attacked by native dogs; the condyles (internal and external) of both femurs have cither decayed or been eaten away; the hip bones (itruni, iseiium, and puhis,) are more or less complete; the sacrum is perfect: a portion of- the right scapula or shoulder-blade is forthcoming ; the left is miss ing ; both the small bones of the leg are coinpleto; part of the right trbia^siuall portion of right radius, also thirteen ribs, ore in a good state of preservation ; nine vertebra] were oIbo picked up,1 one of which was found within a fovy foot of where the gun was discovered ; amongst the debris wcro found small portions of wearing apparel, and a quantity of decayed matter; there was not a sufficient riantity-ofcarthinorabontthoplacetobury adead body; cMif-wcr the body waB placed in the positioji where the' remains were found, busing that opinion upon the fact that j Vf f I not only found his clothing there, but also part of his ' f body, to wit, one of his cervical vertebra! ; I have examined ,') Uic gun shown to me at the police station ; I have also read a description of tho deceased in tho Police Gazettt, and I i find therefrom that he whs a man of five fcot six inches | high ; from the length of the gun, and tho direction tho i ball took, I am positive that the deceased could not haves r reduced the wound in his skull with the gun I examined ; ; consider tic wound in the skull te have been produced by I a lullct, and not by shot; 1 do not think deceased could have shot himself, either accidentally or intentionally ; my conclusion is that there was a second poison in tho affair J ] from the appearance of tho skull I should say that tho cheek bone was broken off after death — probably Jt decayed from the skull having rested on that side ; a shot striking on the forehead, and making its. exit bv tlio back of tho head would cause a larger hole in front than behind, as the bones at the back would give way to some extent ; from the position of the remains when found I am of opinion that - the head lay up-hill ; I do not think deceased could hava *. shot himself and have afterwords thrown the grrm sway j native dogs would have been more likely to have dragged the body down hill than upwards ; one arm bono was ! broken, but I could not say whether it was done before or after death ; the debris on the rock I think indicates that the body had decomposed there ; the rim of tjio hat was there also ; tie appearances on tho skull could not hava been produced by a charge of shot ; they must have boon produced by a bullet or some solid missile ; I do not think; tie ramrod of the gun could have produced such appear ances. After further evidence corroborative of the incidents connected with the search given by the witness quoted above, the inquiry was again adjourned. 