(From the Hobart Town papers.) MsLnouRne, Tueeday. At a meeting of the National Bank held to: day it was resolved to postpone the confirma tion of the report until a special meeting had been convened, when the question of paying a dividend out of the reservo fund will come under discussion. The Chairman announced that it was the intention of the Directors to remove Mr. Wright from the management in Melbourne. Wheat is quiet at 59 per bushel and oats are worth 3s 3d to 3s 4d. Thomas Kayo, an amateur billiard player, having died suddenly, an inquest was held, and the jury returned a verdict of death con sequent on delirium tremens. The Presbyterian Assembly is now sitting. Initiatory steps have been taken for the relief of the sufferers by the Sydney floods. Later news from Now Zealand bring Infor mation of To Kooti having accepted an asylum with the Maori King. Arrived.-2amar, a. a., from Launceston. SYDNeY, Tuesday. The sufferings of the survivors of the Walter Hood, who were four days hanging on.to the wreck, was intense. They killed a dog and drank his blood on Friday. They were res cned on Saturday morning. The wreck has been sold for £95. Sailed.-City of Uuobart, for Hobart Town, Peanocee SILVxn MiNEs COMPANY.- This Company has met with public approval to suech an extent that we nnderAtand more applica tions have been made for shares than can be granted, consej neatly they will be allotted pro rata this afternoon. The share list will olose at noon to-day, and a meeting of share holders will be held in the class.room of the Mechanics' Institute, at 4 p.m. on Monday, for the purpose of electing Directors. The proposed manager of the Company is now in town, having arrived from Melbourne by the Derwent. It is intended to commence opera tions at once. TAsMrANIAN CANARY Suow.-The second annual exhibition of canaries and other song i birds took place at the Alliance Rooms, .lae. quaoue-street, Ihobart Town, en Tuesday. The show was opened at noon by the Hon. the Premier, J. M. Wilson, Esq., in the absence of his Excellency the Governor. The exhi. I bition was a highly creditable one, the exhibits being numerous, varied, and comprising some asong birds of great rarity. I " TE EVANGELIST."-The May number of v this publication is fully up to its predecessors. * Sen JLucss FaEoRsoON.-Sinco his visit to Tasmania, Sir James Fergusson, the Governor of South Australia, has been sojourning at Melboutne, having taken up his quarturs at o the Melbourne Club. He was to have sailed t for Sydney on Tuesday last. SALs OF CnowN LANDs.-An important i. sale of Crown Lands under the Waste Lands a Act will take place to day at the rooms of h Messrs. Bell and Westbrook. The property d comprises town and country lots in the 1\. counties of Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, and 1\. Wellington. ALLonATsrr V. HoactOPATrY.-We have received a little pamphlet by J. W. Gftnsr, M.D., Melbourne, bearing the above title, in dafence of the system of medicine which he practices. A recent number of the Australian iMedical Journal having described the cop. porters of the Ilommopathic Institute na a "number of amiable dreamers," Dr. Ghost is very indignant, and severely animadverts on the " insolence and ineafferable conceited neas" of the "nameless writer." Dr. Ginst is a foreigner, and is conscious of laboring "under the dieadvantage of not speaking English so fluently and fascinatingly as a Briton; " but his printers might have pre. sented his writing in correct orthography, and free from the random use of capitals, which! would mar the appearance of the purest com position. Dr. Gtinst claims to be an celectio physician. "Educated as an allopathist, and after practiaing allopathically for years, it re goired an amount of moral courage known? to but few members of the profession to, overcome deep-rooted prejudices, and to lay aeide a practice which I had followed for years, and which not anything short of the most convincing proofs of my mistake could have induced me to abandon." AU5TrALrAN MUTUAL PRnvOnVET Soczzrv. -On Tuesday, the 26th nltimo, the twenty. first annual meeting of the members of the Australian Mutual Provident Society was held at the ofice of the society, New Pittestreet, Sydney. Mr. George King, M.L A., oceupied the chair. There was a numerous attend. ante. The Chairman seggested that, as the report (an abstract of which was published in the Launceston Examiner of the 26th April) had been ciroulated to every member, the formal reading of it by the secretary might on that occasion be dispensed with. The sug gestion was acquiesced in by the meeting, and the report was thereupon taken as read. Professor Smith, in seconding the adoption of the report, remarked that whatever theoretical objections might have existed in regard to the mode in which the interest on the invested funds had been calculated, their actuary main tained that for all practical purposes the method was a sound and correct o-e, and was one which was followed by other offices In England. Reports of three British societies had been obtained, all of long standing, and all founded on a solid basis, and it was found that they had adopted the. same method of calculation as the Australian Mutual Provi dent Society had. ....The societies were, the Metropolitan Life Assurance Society, estab lished ib 1835; the National Life Assurance Society, established in 1830; and the Guar dian Life Assurance Society, established in 1821\. FHe also read a letter from Mr. William Thomas Thomson, actuary of the Standard Life Assurance Company, Edin burgh, with reference to the quinquennial report, in which that gentleman said:-"I "ave read the report with much satisfaction, showing, no it does, the very thorough manner in which you have conducted the investiga tion, the sound basis on which you have placed the institution, and the satisfactory position in which it stands." Several questions were put with the apparent object of ascertaining whether the agencies were paying. - The Chairman stated, in reply, that the agencies did pay, otherwise they would be discontinued. The report having been adopted, and some other business of minor importance transacted, the meeting separated. TENDERS Past GnAvEr..-The Manicipal Council of Launceston call for tenders for 500 loads iron-stone gravel. Tenderers to state the price per ton weight, and samples of the gravel to be left in the yard of the Town Hall. Fall particulars will be found in our advertising columns. STAn oF Wasnsor TENT, LO.R,-This Society is in want of the services of a medical man, and advertise for tenders to beaddressed to the Secretary, who will give all particulars. LIFE AssURANbas.-Mr. B. Short, the travelling agent of. the Australian Mutual Provident Association, will deliver a lecture on the above subject in the Assembly Rooms, Campbell Town, to-morrow evening, at seven o'clock. PRESERVATION ol? FOOD.-We have re ecived from W. H. Archer, Esq., Registrar General of Victoria, a supplement to his "Abstracts of Patents on Preservation of Food, &o.;," which we noticed a few months back. The abstracts of specification included in the supplement have come to hand since the former pamphlet was printed. Together they form a collection which will be very useful for futdre reference. Professor Gamgee's process for preserving meat forms an appropriate sequel. UNrTED SERVICE.-The united devotional service, referred to in our Tuesday's issue, was held in Prince's Square Congre gational Church last evening. 'lTie building was crowded, and the ministers of all the non episcopal denominations in the town took part in the proceedings, and we noticed soveral lay-members of the Church of England present. The Rev. C. Price (Congre gational), as senior minister, presided, and after an opening hymn (315, new Congre gational Hymn-book) had been sung he offered prayer-" confession of sin and seek ing for mercy; " following this with a short address explaining the object of the meeting. Another hymn (285), and Psalms 133 and 134 were read by Rev. N. Bennett, (Wes leyan), after which the Rev. J. Lindsay (Free Church) prayed "for the more manifest unity of the one true Church." Hymn 434 was sung, and Rev. Joshua Smith (Primitive Methodist) read Ephiesians, 4th chapterverses from 1 to 10. The Rev. J. Harcourt (Wes. -Iyan) delivorod an address enfrcing tie desirableness of Christian unity, and the en ceurogemnent for smore combined and earnest prayer. A prayer followed by the. Rev. J. Gardner (Presbyterian) " for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon all the Churches of Christ in this cahony and for the success of the gospel amongst us." Hymn 779, and reading of 72nd Psalm by Rev. J. Gardner, followed by prayer by Rev. 'W. Law (Congregational) "for th sanocess of theogospel among heathen nations, and for the blessing of Ged to rest upon the British end Foreign Bible Society and all miesionacy institutions." The proceedings weme closed a few minmates alter nuine o'clock by singing the Doxology, and the benediction pronounced by Rev. J. Lindsay. A very earnest spirit appeared to pervade the conogregauion, and all seamed to sympalhsise heartily in the object of the meet ing. We hope this is hut the first of a series of similar gatherings. GENEAnL SaSaIOvo, Gaonos TOWNc.-Tha neat sitting of the above Court, for this hear. log and deciding plaints for the recovery of debts and demands not exceeding thirty pounds, and for the transaction of other busi ness within the jeriodiction of the Court, will be held at the Court House, George Town, to~morrow, at 11 o'clock in tiae forcenOOD. TNsOLVrinT CornT.-The following busi. ness will come beforo the Insolvent Court, to be held at the Commissioner's Chambers this morning:-First meetings- Wm. Jones, of Deloraine, out of business; John Kennedy, of Circular Head, farmer. Adjourned meeting on discharge-Frederick Kimberley, of Latrobe, farmer. Meeting for delivery of I judgment-WWm Jones, of Emu Bay, store. t keeper. Adjourned first meeting and second meeting on discharge-Wm. Gurr, of Laun- I ceston, ship chandler. THERATRi ROYAL.-The drama of " Blaak Sheep" has had a run of three nights, has- 1 ing been put upon the boards yesterday even ing for the last time. " Black Sheep" is one of the ultra-sensational plays of the modern school, and while there is very much to be said against the style of thing, . and the demoralization of the stage is to be deplored by those who remember it in the palmier days of ifs existence, the argument used by the I lessee of Drury Lane with respect to Formosa, that " it pays" is, we fear, too powerful to be successfully combated. We have already expressed en opinion of the play as put upon the boards of the Launceston Theatre by Miss Wardo's company, and have only to add that cash succeeding night the notors-improved in their several parts, soid yesterday evening it ran from the rise to the fall of thecurtain without a hitch of any kind. Were the play to be repeated we should however, strongly advise Mr. Bromley to divest himself of the idea that a Yankee " or any other man," under any any aircumstances, would appear in public in the extraordinary costume which he affects in the character of Phillip Deane ; least of all in the Kursaal of Baden would it be permitted for a moment. Everyone who has read Judge liallibarton's clever deleniations of New England character; everyone who at any time has been a unit among the thousands who crammed The Haymarket whn " Our American Cousin" had snuh an unprecedented run, possesses some conception of Yankee eccentricities of character and manner. Men who have lived F in the heart of Now England-and it is only the New Englander who has any right or title to be considered a Yankee-are I able to tone down the exaggerated eccentricities which characterize the typicial Yankee of even such a careful author as Halliburton, or snch a polished actor as Jefferson, and to divest him of that intensity which necessarily accom. panies stage representations. That there are men to be found in Massachusetts, Connecti cut, or Maine, whose style and appearance fairly lay them open to the suspicion of being the prototypes of the modern stage Yankee, cannot be denied; just as in any English country place, or, for that part of it, in this I town of Launceston, the originals of Leach's Chawbacons may be picked up by the sacre. But it would be manifestly unfair to put an I exaggerated "Chawbacon" upon the stage as a typical middle-class Englishman, and it is equally unfair to introduce to a colonial audience Sam Slick, in a pea-green cut away coat and checked trousers of a pattern a foot square, as a typical Yankee. This evening there will be a chance for the lovers of the legitimate drama when Lord Lytton's great play of the Lady of Lyons will be produced, the character of Claude Mel. nitte falling to Mlr. Henry Edwards, and that of Pauline to Miss Kate Warde. Miss Julia Harward, who is fast becoming a prime favourite with a Launceston audience, will appear as Widow Melnotte, and Mrs. Fatherley as Madame Desechapelles. Mr. J. J. Heawood, we observe, has joined the com pany, and will make his first appearance this evening in the character of Colonel Damas. To-morrow evening and Saturday evening the domestic drama of Woman's Love will be played, concluding with the operetta of The Rustic Prima Donna, in which Miss Kate Warde takes the character of Suzette, the rustic prima donna. THic Lorsopon RAcsz.-An advertisement in another column contains full particulars with reference to the Longford Races which will take place in that locality on her Majesty's Birthday, Tuesday, 24th inst. There will be six events, comprising a Maiden Plate, Trotting Race, Longford Handicap, Cart-horse race, pony race, and hack race, the prizes varying from £5 to £20. It is the intention of the committee, we believe, to apply to the Launcoston and Western Rail. way Company that a train may be ran between Launceston and Longford on tho~day of the races. A Naw INVENTION which may be said to have an origin both English and American, has recently been introduced to Melbourne, and now finds a prominent place in the stoek in-trade of the kerosene lamp shops. It is a lamp whose flame is derived from the volatili sation of a spirit, called-for the want of a better appellation, perhaps - " gasolene, which, being highly rectified, beara the same relation to petroleum (as now defined by sta tute of the Imperial Parliament) as ether does to spirits of wine. The thing is entirely novel, and has only very lately been made public. The interior of the lamp consists of a recepta. cle for a kind of " cotton waste," which nets, like a sponge in holding the spirit. The latter as it volatilises, becomes, by means of a loose ly constructed circular wick, an illuminating medium, and burns with a flame equal to that of a stearine candle. It may be upset, but no oil is thereby disoharged, is easily blown out, and gives no sparks. It needs no glass, and is inexpensive both as regards construction and the minus of supply.-Argue. DEPARTURE OF THE REV. D. ALLEN.-The Rev. D. Allen, Baptist minister, preached his farewell sermons on Sunday last, in York street, previous to his departure for Sydney. On M1onday morning aprayer niceting was held, to ask the Divn blessing upon his psast and future laebuors in the mnimstry ;-at the close of which meeting the sum of £20 waiis presented to thie reverenil gentleman, as a iiark of respect and esteem, partly contri buted by Christian friends quite unconnected with theo Cliapol. 