TOPICS OF THE DAY. We are informed by the agents that the Bengal will take her stock on board at 8 o'clock this morning, and sail positively at 3 in the afternoon. At the Police Court on Saturday morning the only business brought before the Bench, were three cases of drunkenness, in each i of which the usual fine was imposed. According to the Southern Argus, Capt. Johnson of the Jolly Miller reports tbe cointry between Fort Bourke and Wentworth as look ing magnificent, the grass being about 2 feet high- We were in error in stating that the conversazione in connection with the Norwood Young Men's Society would be held on but Friday evening. It is announced for Friday evening next. We see by a Melbourne paper that Henry Edwards, who was charged with the murder of Mary Eagan, alias Loney Brown, «. woman who formerly lived in Adelaide, baa been discharged from custody on the ground of insufficient evidence. Mr. R. B. Smith has received from Mr. Blackmore a reply to a memorial presented to the Commissioner of Crown Lands on April 7 by Messrs. Walter Thomson, Allan Bell, and others, intimating that last Thursday's GazetU "contains new Waste Lands Regulations with reduced charges for commonage licences." We regret to state that Mr. William Collins, who sustained such severe injuries by the accident which happened to the mail coaches at Fordham's, on May 9, that his leg had to be amputated, died in the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday afternoon. An inquest will be held to-day by Dr. Clark, J.P. Mr. Goodman Hart, landlord of the Golden Fleece, and complainant in the Police Court on Friday against two women, for im proper language, wishes us to state that the evidence that one of the defendants was in his dancing-room with a number of other women till after 1 o'clock in the morning is incorrect, it being his custom to close always at 11 o'clock at night. The evidence should have applied to the Shamrock Hotel. The anniversary services of the Sunday schools connected with the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church were commenced on Sunday, May 22. The Rev. Thos. James conducted the morning and evening services, preaching two discourses from the words —" Let me not see the death of the child," Genesis, xxi, 16; and in the after noon the Rev. S. T. Withington delivered an appropriate address to the children. On each occasion there was a large congr. gation, and the scholars very creditab!y sung a number of pieces. The usual collections were made. On Saturday morning a horse, with a heavy tilted-up dray attached, bolted along Waymouth-street into King William-street. When opposite the Napoleon Bonaparte Hotel, Mr. Rich. George courageously caught hold of the reins, and making the animal describe part of a circle, brought it to a standstill. Mr. George deserves great credit for his daring, be cause, had the runaway not been stopped, the probability is that in such a crowded thorough fare as King William-street much damage would have been done. On Saturday night, May 21, a very serious accident happened to a boy named Arthur Taylor. It appears tliat he was riding to his home at Mount Lofty on Saturday even ing, and when on the district road, close to the Mount, his horse bolted, and came into colli sion with a van belonging to Mr. Cobbledick. The skid struck bis right leg, and tore the flesh completely away from the bone. He also received a nasty blow in the stomach, which caused him great pain. He was taken to the Hospital on Sunday morning, and his injuries were found to be very serious. On Sunday afternoon, Slay 22, the Rev. JT. Gibson, of Angaston, preached a sermon at the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, in con nection with the South Australian Total Abstinence League. The text was taken from 6th chapter Ist Corinthians, 9th and 10th verses. The rev. gentleman also preached at the Primitive Methodist Jubilee Chapel, Morphett- street, in the evening. This evening the aggregate meeting of Bands of Hope will be held in the Town Hall Assembly Room, when addresses and recitations will be given. To morrow the Annual Conference of the League will be held in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide. The South Australian Yacht Club has during the past year shown signs of vitality, and now numbers 50 members, who are officered by the following gentlemen-.—Commodore, Capt Ferguson ; Vice- Commodore, Mr. W. H. Bundey; Rear-Commodore, Mr. E. G. Black- more ; Treasurer, Mr. G. A. Connor. On the anniversary of Her Majesty's Birthday the Club intend to have a regatta. The following entries have been made, and some very excel- lent sport is anticipated:—Jane, owner Sin- clair; Isabella, owner Christie; Express, owner Jacobson; Prince, owner Playfair; White squall, owner Herbert. Besides the above, we notice Mr. Bucknall advertises an inducement to pleasure-seekers on the same day, by supple- menting the race with a variety of aquatic sports, to be held below the Port Bridge. We are informed that His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fcrgusson enter tained the following at dinner at Government House on Friday evening last:—La Miss Helen Fergussoti, Mrs. Howard, Mr. J. S. O'flaUoran, Mr. and Mrs. 3. Boothby, Captain : Thackcr (18th Regiment), Captain and Mrs. Marsland, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Cooper, Captain and Mrs. O'flallorau, Mr. and Mrs. Souttar, Mr. A. Norman. Lieutenant Fergusson (Private Secretary), and lieutenant Morris (AiJ-de- Camp).—ln the evening Lady Edith Fergusson had a small party, to which the following ladies and gentlemen were invited:—The Bishop of Adelaide, Mr*, and Miss Short, Mr. Henry Short, Colonel and Mrs. Kockc, Chief Secretary and Mrs. Stow, Bey. F. W. Marshall, Rev. T. and Mrs. Greee, Her. C. and Miss Jenkins, Bey. C. W. and Mrs. Morse, Key. A. and Mrs. Honner, Key. E. K. and Mrs. Miller, Kcv. C. Browne, Canon and Mrs. Coombcs, Kcv. J. and Mrs. Smythe. Bey. W. A. Clayfield, Key. W. Scott, Key. C. G. Taplin, Rev. R. B. and Mrs. Webb, Canon and Mrs. Dove, Mr. and Mrs. Kent Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. Hawkes, Mr. and Mrs. Crawford. Mr. and Mrs. Young, Miss Woodford, Captain Briggs (18th Regiment). Mr. Henry Hare, Mr. Barnahy, and Mr. Henry Dutton. On Sunday, May 22, Miss Thorne, from Melbourne, preached in the Town Hall. As might be expected, there was a large atten dance, the body of the Hall being filled, and the platform and gallery accommodating a large number of hearers. Miss Thorne conducted the whole of the service, and as the basis of her sermon she selected the words contained in the 6th chapter of Hosea, and the 3rd verse—"Then shall we know if we follow on, to know the Lord; His going forth is prepared as the morn ing, and He shall come unto us as the rain, as tLe hitter and former rain, unto tbc earth." In speaking of these words she dwelt upon these thoughts—lst. The means of securing a knowledge of God; 2nd. God's manifestation of Himself; and 3rd. The glorious and beneficent results of such manifestation. Miss Theme expanded these thoughts in an ; eloquent and earnest manner, such as enchained the attention of the congregation. Unfor tunately her voice was not strong enough to fill the immense Hall, and consequently she was i but imperfectly heard in some parts of the J building. In the evening she conducted divine service in the Young-street Biblu Christian Church, which was crowded, many persons not being able to gain admission. The words se lected as her text were, " And they were filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with othertongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance." After referring to the promise of Christ, she spoke of Bis advent, His agony in the garden, and of His ultimate death upon tke cross. She alluded to His ascension also, and the pouring out of the spirit upon his disciples on the Day of Pentecost, by which they bore witness of him and were enabled to declare with power the wonderful things of God. Collections were made on each occasion on behalf of the Circuit Fond. To-morrow evening Miss Thorne will address a meeting which is to bs held in the Town Hall Assembly Rooms. The^ following are the entries for the Athletic Sports to take place at Gawler on the Queen's Birthday :- L 100 YaeDS Flat Race.—Restricted to par ties residing within two miles of Gawler. Prize, the Gawler Cup, value £3 3a.; second do., pair of slippers; third do., inkstand. Entries—J. W. Peryman, A. Schwan, W. J. Wood, A. Johnson, J. Crump, E> Freestone, D. Barker. 2\. VOTTTNO THE STONB (16 lbs.) — Prize, £1 Is. ; second do., sa. Entries—John Smith, Peter Patenon, W. Fuller, A. McDonald. 3\. 440 Yabds Fl&t; Race (Handicap).— Prize, £2 2b. i second do., smoking cap. Entries —E. G. Mfllard, J. C. Harris, C. W. Fesen meyer, J. "W. Peryman, R. W. Murray, W. S. Harvey, A. Harris, D. Barker, W. McDonald, T. Beadnell, S. G. Kingston, W. C. Townsend. 4\. THBOWUJtt THE Hammer.—Prize, £1 Is.; second do., ss. Entries—J. W. Peryman, John Smith, W. Fuller. 5\. 150 Yabds Fiat Race (Handicap).— Prize, £2 25.; second do., belt. Entries—E. G. Millard, J. C. Harris, C. W. Fesenmeyer, J. A. Austin, J. W. Peryman, A. Schwan, C. Harris, H. H. Buckerfield, E. T. Annells, R. M. Murray, John Clark, W. S. Harvey, W. J. Wood, A. Johnson, H. Y. Sparks, F. A. Price, J, Cramp, T. Woods, E. Freestone, R. Pinson, A. M'Donald, D. Barker, S. G. Kingston. 6\. Walking Match (two miles).—Prize, £2 2s. ; second do., cigar case. Entries—J. C. Harris, C. W. Fesenmeyer, T. B. Bright, R. M. Murray, W. a Harvey, B, C. Sandland, Daniel Thompson, G. W. Fitzgerald, S. G. Kingston. 7\. Standdjo High Jump.—Prize, £l is.; second do., pair of braces (choice ) Entries— R. M. Mnrray, W. S. Buvey. 8\. 250 Yabds Steeplechase (with water jump) Hai>DlCAP.—Prize, £2 2s ; second do., belt Entries—E. G. Millard, J. C. Harris, C. W. Fesenmeyer, J. W. Peryman, A. Schwan, R. M. Murray. W. S. Harvey, J. Cramp, E. Freestone, D. Barker, W. McDonald, T. Bead nell, and S. G. Kingston. 9\. Bdnndkj HighJomp.—Prize,£l Is.;second do., pair of slippers (choice). Entries—R. AL Murray, W. S. Harvey, and K. Freestone. 10\. Pole- Leafing.—Prize, £1 Is.; second do., cigar case (choice). Entries—C. W. Fesen meber, H. W. Peacock, J. Crump, R. C. Sand land, and S. G. Kingston. The undersigned, having purchased the Entire Stock of T. E. Acraman, Draper, at a discount of 424 per cent., or Bs. 6d. in the pound off Wholesale Prices, will commence to clear the same without AST RESEBVEon Wednosdaynert, at 39, Hindley-street. Terms—Cash only. Jko. Balaanttne & Co. dc In order to facilitate partnership arrange ments, the Extensive Stock of J. A. North more is now being offered at such a reduction in price as will appear almost incredible to persons not acquainted with €he tremendous losses which importers have been subjected to during the past season. In many instances the prices are considerably less than would be obtained for the same articles in the English market. Preference to our advertising columns frfl] furnish particulars, dc 