JHEVENEZ A VOS MOUTONS; OR 'RETURN TO rOUB SHEEP.' -' It simply meant' a resuming of the subject ; used ki the Bar, Bench, Imperial Parliament, in thfc best essays, and by most elegant writers.' — Dr. Spicer, atUnley, March 2nd. ? [The following amusing paper, showing the origin of ihe above phrase, has been written for this journal by a Ia3y isoiitrihiitor.] '?''.' r Swift observed tnat 'where one' man goes another man follows ; or, according to the Scotch proverb, 'If ae sheep loup the dyke a' the rest wiU follow.'' The. Scotch, by-theby«, of all na|,ionB in the woild, abound in such scraps of pithy wisdom. The eccentric Dean's remark, however^ muBt/be. takeixae applying specially to literature imrl conyersatipni for he a4ded^'K,apbxaBe has the misfortune to occur-' twice' in print it will be repeated, probably a thousand times,' which he affected to condemn as a igreat eVil; his maxim being that each phrase should .?be.f rased from the tablets of the memory after it : has been a nine dayB5 (wonder ; and that every man who has heard or read the same thing nine times over, should thereafter bet upon himself decent restraint, and check its reproduction. . By these few remarks, he as sumed toitrike at the root of 'what, in bis in imitable siyle of irony, he chose to cite as a \- ereat evil, Jfor he gives as an instance 'How. his=flesh and bipod rebelled when, on opening at randoni the la?t work of a well-known baronet, the first words that met bis gaze were '' Eevenons & nos moutons. . Let us return to our sheep.' . Swift lived and satirised up to the middle of the last, century, and could he* come back amongst us, he would still find the old .pro verbial expression which excited .such indigna tion in him, in daily use, adopted into. English, and as intelligible and useful translated, as in the original— indeed, its utility, its shoitness, as a -point of union in an interrupted disoourae is itR only recoBunendation ; for of genius, wit, or spirit, it can boaat none. ? ' ' - . . However, with all its simplicity it has stood the test of' time, dating as it does from the end of the 15th centnry, when it made its first appearance in -an ancient farce, ^'L'Avocat Patelin-; or, the Wheedling Coaxing Iiawyer.' This piece was recast by Brueys spine years - after, and it was reproduced in its new form for the first' time on the stage, the 1st June, , 1705.^ ?;. ?.??-.. ;';?. ' ?? ?? ?:- **L'Avocat Pateliri,™ in humor and. plot, would not have done .discredit to Moliere, and can stall tie read with pleasure, and - might stall be acted with applause. , ? ' The dramatis persdnce axe few in number, as was generally the -case '.with French prose comedies in those times. Lawyers and doctors were also favorite /themes with the satirical pens of. ihe Trench . gratters for _the stage. In. ' L'AVpcat Patelin,' fhe lawyer is, of course, the chief .personage ; lis wife, and daughter ; a rich draper, .Mr. Williams, Patelin's next door neighbor, and whose son is rin love with the lawyer's dangiiter, ? Henriette ; - whilst ' the draper's . Bhepherd, '' Aguelet, is engaged to' Colette the lawyer's maid. ' The play thus turns upon a double intrigue between the four young people. - Lawyer Patelin, the fawner, coaxer, talking, over lawyer, in a soliloquy, confides to us his penniless, briefless' condition, with no chance', of one poor little Buit to help him on ; his clothes so miserable and ragged that no one would take him for a lawyer, at most a Mogister, ? or, in other words, a village schoolmaster. Ai, poor Patelin. t there is no 'other ^way for thee tout to use. thy bTo& at Tintde innocent J swindling to get a suitjof clothes, at least out of thy neighbor, Mr. .WuliaxnSj' tne rich, draper. So he throws his lawyer's gown over his shabbi ness, to give him an air of -dignity, walks into the draper's 8b.6p, and introduces himself. He tells Mr. Williams that amongst his late father's papers was an ackowledgment of a debt of 300 . crowns to Mr, Wiiliams's deceased father, and Patelin proceeds to say, '1 came to ask- you when it will be covenient for you to receive ihe money, as I have it ready counted out at home; though, I suppose,' you will want time to get-a receipt drawp up before a notary; which the other agrees to liave done by 5 o'clock the next morning. Patelin, then, as it were carelessly,' takes Bp a piece of xsloth, remarkuig that the color ,: is very flattering to the eye — chesnut color, no , doubt, a shade invented by Mr. Williams, who has more genius in his head than in all 'the combined heads of the village. . * 'Do you remember when we were at school together at Mr. Nicodemus's, and that you were as handsome as Gupid, and learned anything you liked ? &c; &c.; Now I have, long had a fancy for a coat of that color, so id-morrd w ' morning, when I bring you the .30' crowns, perhaps I will take some 'of , that cloth.', ; Says JSx. Williams—*'! -will put it aside for you.' The lawyer {not finding his account in that, brings up again with.^— 'This: morning I counted out 1,200 livreslo invest in the funds, but I see ^^rWilliams, you will come in for a share of it. Williams— 'Buy your rente all the same, you can have the cloth.' ' Not on credit, I do not like that,' adds Patelin. 'How well yon look, . Williams ; such an Air of health and long life 1 Bow much cloth shall I want, that I may bring enough money over and above the 300? The whole suit complete. And to renew our ac quaintance you must dine with me to-morrow ; a client sent me a goose. My wife would like to see me dressed in a suit of that color. Do you think I can get it made for dinner to morrow ?' Williams — ' I will send'; it__at odcc to. your house by. one of my boys, who will bringback the money, which you say is ready.' Patelin rejoins — 'I am not above, carrying my parcel myalf, and it is nearly dark, so under my gown, it will look like a bag of lawsuits.' Exit Patelin, who has gained his case, and walks off with six yards of cloth -under his. arm. As he does not mak« His appearance at his neighbor's the next morning as per agreement, Mr. Williams calls to flee after his money and the goose. He is ' received by Mis. Patelin, , who begs of him to speak, quite low, as her husband has been suffering from brain fever, and had all yesterday un transport au cerveaw, which has kept Mm in bed ever since. 'But.' says the draper, ' he came to my place yester days quite jolly and hearty?' * 'You must have dreamt that, sir,' suggests the lady. 'THow, indeed, that is good,' says Mr. Williams, ' and my ax yards of cloth, which he took away, is that, too, a dreain?' ' Mrs. Patelin— 'Six yards of cloth! You choose your time for a joke badly. Sir.' 'A joke, indeed,' poor Williams chimes in. Here Patelin rushes in, apparently in a feverish excitement ; how ever Mr. Williams fancies he recognises in him bis yesterday's visitor. ' Mr. Patelin salutes him with' Good day, Mr. Anodyne,' pretending to take him for the apothecary,* ' pray give me no more of your pills, they nearly made .me give iip the ghost.' 'I wish they had made you give tap my cloth,' rejoins Williams. Patelin— 'The doctors have killed me with their drugs.'' . WilliamsT-1' I want my money.' Patelin— ''T am pleading for Homer against the nymph Calypso. - Wife, wife, drive away these butterflies from about me. There axe thieves, too, trying to get in at the door ; don't you hear them? . You rogues I will soon, drive you away. Mypoleaxe,iiiypoleaxc' (Patelin here! seizes his ' -stick, crying out 'Thieves, ijhiivies.' Mr. WilliamB in the meantime is glad to escape ) . : Ariother trouble' now be wild ers the draper. - He finds out -that his shepherd, Agnelet (the ?diminutive of lamb ; -agnuiu, lambkin Aguelet) has been robbing him. Six score of cheep are missing from Ms flock during the moatb ; so one -night he Hd^ hinwelf close to the fold, catches the elephefid-li the fitcj; 3L killing a sheep, accuses him of it, gives him a thorough beating, and pronHses ~i-6' ptosecute -Tiim. Colette— the lawyer's maid, who is keeping company with. Agnelet— tells him to apply to Patelin to defend him, cautioning him at the eaaie 4ime not to tell ier master that it is jagainst_Mr.. ^'ujams._he,.will . have to plead,, but to say that' it is against a former master. So- Agnelet ; secures ', the' ;Beryices'4 of lawyer Patelin, who promises 1»iget him ©2 iifsAgnelet will ^ act ^according ..jtOjMs td)rections— to ; any {and ^.'ute^J^aMon^^therfronirtbe Judge, the plain tifrs lawyer, his' master or Himself, his only reply was to ^ in -the language of sheep — *'Baa, baa' — as though the beating bis master had given him had deprived him of his senses. , ?? . ;'r -? ?-..? .,,-., ..-.- i T Thp 3rd Act brings on tKe trial before Mr. Bartolin, the Judge.' ' The parties are ordered to appear in Court. : ?'-???? '? ?? '?' Mr; Williams,. Mr. Patelin, and Agnelet— Our iiawyer |s much disconcerted when he finds whom he has to plead against, and wants to withdraw, but as -llx. Williams does not employ a lawyer, but conducts bis own case, the judge declaring he will have at least one lawyer: at bis audience, Patelin is obliged to remain. So he conceals -his face as best he can with a handkerchief, pretexting a tooth ache.' Mr. Williams, as plaintiff, is called upon to state bis case. He tells the Judge that the rogue, the thief.— 'Call him by his namei or by that of his' profession,' says the Judge, interrupting him. Mr. ,W£u£.ms— 'W*lii Sir, this wretch of a shepherd. robbed me of 'six score, sheep.' Patelin— 'It Tins not been provecLV Mr.: Williains, aside— 'Faith that lawyer is something like the one of my six yards of Sloth.'' ? ::?-?;? ? ; .='. :.?v.- ? - : , :,. .. ?. The Judge— '-'What proof can you give ?' Mr. Williams—' What proof ! I sold him yesterday — ^1 delivered to Min six yards — — six hundrei sheep, and 2 now find only 480. ' Mr. Patelin— ' 1 deny it.' Mr.: Williams (aside)— ' Now, indeed, if I had not just seen the other in a high fever, I, should say this was my man.' ' . The Jttdge^-1' Never mind your man, prove the fact.'' f -Mr. Williams— ' I prove it by my cloth ? I mean by my account book. What is. become of the six yards— the six score sheep rwhich. are missing frominy flock?' Mr. Patelin^' T They died of the scab. ' . Mr. Williams— 'By jingo ! Z think it is he, himselt'- The Judge—' It is said your sheep died of the scab. What do you answer to lhat ? ' Mr. Williams-^' I answer, with all due re spect, that it is false ; . he carried away under — . he killed them to sell, and yesterday J, myself (aside). Oh! 'tis ha— '-^to the Judge) — yes, I sold him isix— six— I caught him in the act of killing a sheep.' ? Mr. Patelin-^'VA story jinyeated to excuse the blows he gave this -poor shepherd, who on leaving this is going to be trepanned.' . Mr. Williams itb the Judge)— ''Wow, indeed I Monsieur le Juge, nothing js clearer; it is he himself.' Yes,- he 'walked: away with six yards of cloth from my shop yssterday, . and- this morning instead iOf paying- me the 30 crowns — ' The Judges-' What the deuce does he mean with Ills six' yards' of cloth and 30 crowns ? The question is about stolen sheep.' . Mr. WiHiams-:-:**iIt.is iiruei 9%,' it is another business! But I am Bot mistaken. You -must know, then, siiy that I had concealed myself in the fold. Oh !; 'tis, he, indeed, most certainly. I was Hding.when I saw this rogue come; he sat down there; he took a fine sheep— and, with his soft talk, lie worked round ine se well, that he took away with him six yards— ' Tho Jndge^-^-' Six yards of sheep ??' -^. Mr. WiHiatra-T' No, of cloth; confound the man.' i - : :. The Judge-— *'Xet alone the cloth and the man, and return to your sheep.' Mr. Wjlliinis— *'So I wilL The scoundrel then taking a knife' from /his- pock efr^-I mean jmy cloth— no,. I: am right, his knife, he— he— put it like this under his gown, and walked away, and this morning, instead of paying me for it, he denies both the cloth and th'e. money.1' The Judge — 'To your sheep'} return to your sheep.' .?.?.?:',''? .^M^lWlSiam-rr11: WelL Sir, he robbed me of six gcoRTSheep, 'afcl'iifais: luorningY-ifigfeaaai^xrf ? paying me 50 «rowns for six yards of cloth, chesnut color, he paid me, with black butterflies, the nymph Galipot, and! know not what non sense.3' The Judge— ''Indeed, Mr. Williams, no Court . of Justice: in. the kingdom could get «.t your affair. ; You accuse this -shepherd, of having: robbed you of dz .score sheep, and you' mix up with It six yards of cloth, 30 ctowns, black butterflies, and alt such stuff, - Now, Once more, ' Eeturn to your sheep,4 or I shall release this shepherd. : But it -will be perhaps well for me to interrogate him. . (To Agnelet) Come here ; what is your name?' . Agnelet-^-''Baa.' Mr. Williams— 'It is false, his name is Ag nelet.' ?? ? ; ???' ' '= r-~- '' -?' The Judge — 'Agnelet or Baa, never mind. (To Agnelet.) . Tell me, is it true that Mr. Williams gave you charge of six score sheep ?' Agnelet— ^ Baa.' The Judge— ^*' Ah, the fear of justice upsets him. Do not be alarmed. Did Mr. Wiluams catch you killing a sheep one night?' Agnelet-' Baa.' :? ' ' ? \ Mr. Patelin — ' The blows he got on the head have injured'his brain.' ? '~- ?--??? ? The Judge — 'It was very wrong of you, Mr. ;Williams.' Williams— 'Wrong, indeed, of me. One steals my cloth, the other my sheep ; one pays me \- with rubbish, the other with'- Baa, baa ;' and into the bargain I am told that I am in the wrong.' . ' .'? --'r '?.'.' . ' ?'.' ' The Judge-1-' Yes, indeed ; you must never strike, especially on the head.' Mr. Wiuuims— 'Oh! the deuce take it! it was dark, and when I strike I strike anywhere and everywhere.'' ; Mr. Patelin — ' He acknowledges the fact, Sir. Saiemus confttentum reur/i.' Mr. Williams — 'Now, go along withy our con fitareum ; you shall pay me my six yards of cloth, or *Le Diable t'emportera.' (The devil take you.' ''?'.' The Judge—' Again at the cloth ! You will not keep to your sheep. Out of Court and of ease. No expenses;' - - : ^ Mr. WilliaJas^-'! shall appeal; and as to you, Mr. Patelin, you shall hear from me again.' .;??' J [Exit the four personages. 1 