CHARLES DICKENS. (From Men of the Time.) Dickens, Charles, the son of Mr John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay Department, was born at Portsmouth in 1812. At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, and came to London as parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. .Charles, who was placed as a clerk in an attorney’s office, was induced by a strong literary bias to obtain as areporter onthe staff of the Morning Chronicle then in the zenith of its fame, under Mr John Black. The editor, noticing : his readiness and versatility, gave him an opportunity for the display ■ abilities 'by inserting in 'his journal those Sketches of English Life and Character,” which were reprinted in a collective form, under the title of Sketches by Boz,” in 1836*7. ' About the same time he wrote a comic opera, entitled <! The Village Co quettes.” This graphic power of describing the ordi nary scenes of common, life, more especially in a lu dicrous. aspect, did not escape the notice of Messrs Chapman and Hall,-who requested “Boz" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result'was the publication of the “Posthumous Me moirs of the Pickwick Club.” The subject was treated, in a manner at once so easy and natural, and with such a.floW' of genuine humor, that the author found himself : raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and, after his death, :by that of HablotK. Browne (Phiz), the “Pickwick Papers had an enormous sale, and the name of the author was announced in. 1838. The great success of. Pickwick naturally caused Mr Dickens to receive a variety of offers from London publishers, and brought about his connection with Mr Bentley, who engaged his services as .editor of his Miscellany , in the second number of which, for February, 1837, appeared the first instalment of “Oliver Twist.” This story, which was published in three volumes at the close of 1838, lets the readerinto some of the secrets of life, as it was too frequently found in the parish-union Workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villany which form' so dark a blot upon,London and the larger cities in - the provinces. Admirably illus trated by the pencil ,of George Cruikshank, “ Oliver Twist” at once became a favorite, and is still regarded as one of fka author’s happiest productions. “Ni cholas Nickleby,” which appeared in shilling numbers, uniform, with. “Pickwick,” shortly’ after the com pletion oLthat work, was written to expose in detail the cruelties'which were then, and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes at cheap schools, es pecially in some of the northern counties. Mr Dickens states in the preface that these disclosures resulted from a visit of inspection paid by himself to a school of the ‘Dotheboys” class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr Dickens, undertook the production of a story, or-rather of a series of stories, in weekly num bera. u It was' entitled “ Master Humphrey’s Clock,” and mduded, amongst other tales,, those since re- Jp . a separate form under the names of at * -vr Cuno3 ity Shop,” containing the episode of Little IS ell, :so. remarkable-for its pathos and sim phcity; and of “ Barnaby Rudge,” a tale illus senseless riots connected with the name “ Ijor l? eo^ e Gordon, in 1780. About the time of the publication of' “Master Humphrey’s Clock,” ap peared his Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi,” the cele brated clown, almost the only production of Mr Dickens < pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. - Soon after the completion of “Master Hum- P~f. e y j o C1 ° ck ’ Charles Dickens sailed for the Urnted States, for the purpose of preparing himself for .the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New AVorld. Having visited a great part of the country, and accumulated a store of materials, on his return to England, in 1842, he published “ Ame ncan Notes for General Circulation.” Many of the authors statements were controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of “ Change for American Notes." In 1344 -. .Martin Chuzzlewit” appeared in numbers, and m the summer of that year Mr Dickens visited Italy, and many of the results of his ob servations were afterwards published in the Daily News: Betuming to England in the course of 1845, he suggested the foundation of a -cheap daily newspaper, to advocate the spread of ■Liberal politics and secular education at home, and Bhow itself the sworn enemy of .despotic and arbitrary power abroad. Having organised a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the lead ing writers of the day, he commenced the Daily iVews . January 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and con tribuhng to its columns his sketches from the south ot Europe,.under the attractive title of “Pictures of Italy which were afterwards re-produced in a collec tive form. Mr Dickens soon withdrew from his edi tonal post, and resumed his humorous serial publica tions, He wrote some stories of a more strictly imagmative cast, called “ Christmas Books,” of which , A ?¥ stmas Carol,” was published in the second, The Chimes,” in 1845: the third, 4he Hearth,” in 1846; the fourth, The Battle of Life, in 1346; and the fifth, “The Haunted Man and the Ghost’s Bargain,” in 1848. In addition to the above, Mr Dickens has written “Dom bey and Son, published in 1847-8; “ The History of ? 0 a^ and « C T o P?, er^ ld ’” ia 18i9 - s °; “Bleak House,” iu um?® Hornt,” in 1856; and “A Tale of Two Uties, The Uncommercial Traveller,” and “ Great Expectations; the last three having been, reprinted from All the started Household jfe* ■miscellany, which a chean * dispute hf ,e^C“r brought iUo * hi* C m its place another !; 'n “ In «», an ! fl ihe Year fet number o£ anew ffISJJS Btill «*&“"X Dickens pen, entitled «« ted serul;., J; 5 - tti peared in May, ISG-1. and 31^'-, i'&P;* tion as an amateur -ns a til • v the Guild of Literature amf w ° f active promoter of . default of biographical ma* \ lowing those in tL l^ll^ the W w? can^oMote^AS our columns, of 12th ir,,., , l haa ren ro a ~: J, i ;of what - and «S^ fo! C^ \- With, the * Christmas i» Pickwick,’ Mr cX* brought to a brilliant thel ° n 15 *1fe public readings which have forfiftp mora,j!e audiences unexampled in ti„ns! teen highest intellectual available space in the bffilZ!' Patb, vemently occupied some time i5 0t cours e,i;- hour; but could the St. JameM™ tbs a l’fe enlarged for the occasion to th„ v' bury Plain, it is doubtful t t measions »is2 would even then have been to seize the last chance of hea£ novelist give his own intcroretT 81 • called into existence StK?? 0 !. 11 determined to convince his * reason had influenced his determW-Uat haustion was not amongst never read with greater spirit “and Cbjr!e to the last retained its S&ff-; ®, t j transitions of tone, as each r ,„„ rnes .Kli conjured up by a’ IfS b » seemed to be more marvellous iW bdWe ' Lif ; assemblage, hushed into Hs<! not a syllable to escape the ear and t ?', and deep pathos of one of the mot !n n b b = ever written found once again the fui?«> Si ‘ ,uI b:,:; The usud burst of description of Bob Cratchit’s wonted sympathy with the Tim found prompt expression, 1 and tkV' delight at hearing of Ebenczer Scroop-1 • was only checked by the saddenin.- rf with it the last strain of the ■ carol’ After the ‘Trial from Piefi/fe speeches of the opposing counsel, J & ‘ gravity of the judge, seemed tol* d*V depicted with greater dramatic power f * applause of the audience rau" for b through the hall, and when it haHfe Charles Dickens, with cvideutly m lus usual distinct and expressive tl follow3: 1 u'- i; \- Ladie . s and Gentlemen,-It would be wor^u idle—for it would be hypocritical and urn',*? 3 were to disguise that I close this episode in a witli feehngs of very considerable pain Ft- - ' fifteen years, in this hall and in in;iny kindrcdrhe I have had the honor of presenting mvoivnctj' ideas before you for your recognition, and i„ observmg your reception of them, have ’tsj, lT ..] amount of artistic delight and perhaps, is given to few men to know. Infe and m every other I have ever undertaken, as lit ful servant of the public, always imbued witka-- of duty to them, and always striving to doth hi have been uniformly cheered by the readiest ra.j the most generous sympathy, and themokvi lating support. Nevertheless, I have thought it 1 at the full flood- tide of your favor, to retire npail older associations between us, which date front! farther back than these, aud henceforth to da myself exclusively to the art which first bail together. (Great applause.) Ladies and geai in but two short weeks from this time I hopetk may enter, in your own houses, on anew “IhV. Headings,” at which my assistance wi'l bemijj sable; but from these garish lights I vanish tor evermore, with a heartfelt, grateful, respeetfnl, I affectionate farewell.' I “Thus closed an evening which will lie long hu I recollection by those who had the good fortune ti I present. Amidst repeated acclamations of the 1 1 enthusiastic description, whilst hats and handhnjl were waving in every part of the hall, Mr Chjl Dickens retired, withdrawing with him une cifl greatest intellectual treats the public ever enjojdß 