A STRANGE STORY. Axotiieii proof ot the old adago 'murder will out' 16 given by the Trenton Sentinel: — It is forty ycara ago, or more, since the dead body of a stranger was found in the woods, near the Stony brook bridge, about one mile to the east of Penning ton. a village in New Jersey county. We were children then, residing near said village, and remem ber the circumstance well. It was an incident lo make an impression in a quiet rural neighbourhood. Years later, when wo boys used to go in to swim in that locality, more or less fears wero always excited by reference to the circumstances, for boyhood, as well as age, is superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and almost everybody is afraid of them ! Tho body was found in a silting posture against a beech tree. The faco distorted, the eyes protruding as though the dead man had died in agony. His hat lay a few feet from him. His dress betokened one in comfortable circumstances. He was a stranger, and no one ever remembered to have seen him. There was no money upon the corpse, The body, without special examination, was buried, we forgot where. There were no wounds upon it, and no evidence of violence. At that day, public scrutiny was not so accute in reference to the mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murder was recorded. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A few days since accident placed in our hands a copy of the MtiHchcsttr (England) Examiner. In the number we found the dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulseman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated forty years ago, in the state of Now Jersey, United States of America. The murdered man's name was James Eberhart. The murderer was acquainted with his victim in the old country, and came out about one year before him. Hulseman was a tanner, and worked in New York. When Eberhart came out he sought out his old acquaintance. He had about £200 in money. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman started with Eberhart on a tour through New Jersey. He had 'with him a flask of poisoned brandy, as he rosolved to murder his friend for tho money ho had. They first stopped at Princeton, and then concluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pennington, the weather being pleasant, and public travel being greatly circumscribed. When within a mile of tie latter place they stepped over into the woods, under a tree to partake of some victuals they had procured before starting. Hulse man then passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in feurful agony. Hulseman looked on all the whilo. He then robbed him of his money, and set him up against tho tree, as before described. There are still old men about Princeton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvellous that after lhe lapse of forty years this affair should have come lo light by a death-bed confession, three thousand miles from the place of commission ; and yet it is even se. ' 