NEWS OF THE WEEK. The weather has been intensely hot this week in Gundagai. On Tuesday the ther- mometer stood 104° in the shade, and on the succeeding day it rose from 106°, at noon, to 110° about 4 p.m., while a scorching hot wind prevailed. Next and the following days were perhaps a degree or so cooler, but that was all. Really if this weather lasts much longer what Hamlet desired will be experienced by some of our residents; their too solid flesh will veritably thaw and resolve itself into a dew. It is only by copious libations of the refresh- ing lemonade and soda water that our towns- men Jeremias and Hanson provide that many have been able to sustain themselves. Some sensation was caused on Wednesday afternoon by thick volumes of white smoke being seen rolling towards the river, and it was presently discovered that a dense jungle of thistles at the west end of the river flats, next to Paine's paddock, was in flames. Had it been night the sight would have been a fine one, and even in the day time red tongues of fire were seen leaping up through the white smoke in rather a striking volcanic-like manner. Fortunately, the creek cut off the burning area from the rest of the flat, and though the dry thistle leaves caught fire readily the stalks were still green; otherwise we might have seen, on a minor scale, something resembling the prairie fires Fenimore Cooper, describes so vividly in several of his novels. As it was C. Hunt and his family were, we believe, half-stifled with smoke and driven from their residence but no serious damage was done. We have not heard how the fire originated. On the same and the subsequent evenings there was a bush fire on the Kimo ranges, which presented fanciful resemblance to the gas- lighted streets of a city, seen from the distance. What with the sun's fervid heat, bush fires, and one or two airless, sultry nights, it may be supposed that life in this township has not been very enjoyable during the past week. Friday morning a heavy shower materially cooled the atmosphere. We have received the first number of "The Australian Town and Country Journal," a new weekly serial, published by Mr. S. Bennett, Sydney, which gives promise of future pleasant reading for many. It contains a well- digested compendium of news, together with much valuable information on grazing, agriculture, mining, science, sporting, &c.;, seasoned with a due admiixture of lighter literary matter and poetry. The journal ap- pears designed to occupy the position in the colony that the 'Austialasian' holds in Victoria, and will, if the future numbers come up to the standard of the first, deserve to do so. We wish the spirited projectors of this new addition to the colonial press success in their undertaking. The members of our Anglican congregations will be glad to learn the Rev. W. H. Pownall, late of Young, has been officially appointed to the cure of the district of Tumut, and of Gundagai until a clergyman shall be found to undertake the sole charge of the latter parish. Reference to our advertising columns wiil show that Mr. Pownall holds divine service at Tumut on Sunday (to-morrow) and on subsequent oc- casions. The rev. gentleman, it will be seen, hopes to be settled in the district early in February when the times at which services, will be held will be definitely arranged. We understand that the Rev. F. R. Seaborn (son of the former pastor of Gundagai) removes from Crookwell to Young, as successor to Mr. Pownall. The 'Government Gazette' notifies the following approved claims for pre-emptive leases: William Bootes, Bangus, 540 acres; Margaret J. Roberts, same place, 500 acres; John Denn, Gundagai, 324 acres, county Wyynard; D. McKinnon, Brungle, 950 acres, county Buccleugh; G. R. H. McDonald, 840. acres, Weleregang, Tumbarumba. We have very great satisfaction in calling attention to the fact that the miners of Goberagandra have forwarded a donation of £2 to the Gundagai Hospital, being ten per cent. deducted from the winners at the Goberagandra races, a report of which ap- peared in our last issue. It is most honorable to our mining friends that in the midst of their amusements they remembered the sacred claims of charity, and had the kindliness and good-feeling to dedicate portion of their funds to contributing towards the support of an institution for the succour of those who have been visited by sickness, or maimed and injured by accident. We trust the good example this small mining community has set may be followed by others, and feel assured that their good deed will gain the approbation of all who hear of it. The improvements at the Gundagai Court house are going on apace. The dangerous impending plaster ceiling has been replaced, by one made of pine boards and the rough stone pillars and façade of the edifice have been pulled down, in order that a more handsome and substantial brick-built front may adorn our local temple of justice. At present it looks rather ruinous and forlorn; but in such cases the work of destruction must precede that of re-construction. It will be seen that a correspondent complains that the pathway in front of the Court- house, in Sheridan-street (or rather, a place where a pathway should be) has been too much lowered. We regret to record that on Saturday last, about 2 p.m., a wheat-stack containing about 110 bushels, and 400 acres of grass on the purchased land of Mr. Michael Linnane, farmer at Jainballa, near Gobarralong, were destroyed by fire; some portions of a two-railed fence, which cost £56 per mile, were also burned, and had it not been so substantial more of it would doubtless have been consumed. At one time the flames approached within three yards of Mr. Linnane's residence, which con- tained some valuable papers in addition to the ordinary furniture &c.;, and but for the active and earnest exertions of Mr. James Crowe, of Gobarralong, and his son, Thomas Crowe, who with prompt kindness hastened to render assistance the dwelling must have perished. Mr. Linnane was from home, but his wife, although ailing, did her utmost to keep the flames from catching the house. The cause of the fire cannot definitely be ascer- tained; but there seems to be a strong probability that it originated from some men working near having felled a tree in which they had found a bees' nest, and having lighted a fire, which they left burning, to smoke them out. Should such prove to have been the case these persons deserve to be severely punished for the criminal carelesshess that has inflicted so severe a loss on an honest, industrious, and well conducted farmer. Last week the coach from Tarcutta to Albury was upset while crossing the flooded Six-mile Creek, the horses were drowned, and some of the luggage was floated away. The driver and another passenger escaped with a thorough drenching. The coach was much damaged and injured. Why is so dangerous a crossing on the Main Southern Road left unbridged! We stated in last issue that it was the intention of Messrs. Cobb and Co. to shorten their stages, We learn that they have entered into arrangements with the Messrs. Loomes, for establishing a stage at the Two-mile Creek, near Bowning. As soon as the necessary stabling is erected, we believe the alteration will be effected. The 'Government Gazette' notifies that the following additional regulations with respect Church and School Lands have been assented to by his Excellency:—"1. The regulations dated 21st August, 1868, are hereby repealed. 2\. Leases for gold- mining on Church and School lands may in future be obtained by application in like manner, and will be granted subject to the several terms and conditions applicable under the regulations in force for the time being to leases of auriferous tracts of Crown land. 3. The Gold Commissioner of the district will deal with such applications as with applications of the character last mentioned, and be empowered to authorise the occupation of the land after the application shall have been forwarded by him, with his recommendation for the approval of the Minister for Lands; but no person will be at liberty to commence operations until such approval shall have been duly notified. 4. Existing authorized holdings on Church and School lands may be converted into leases by application to the Commissioner in manner above indicated, but the preliminary marking required in other cases will not be necessary. 5\. No other mode of occupation for gold mining than that here provided for will be permitted on Church and School Lands; and any person found mining or otherwise occupying without the requisite permission, will be prosecuted for trespass as upon private property. 6. All moneys received for leases of Church and School lands are to be separately accounted for. We have already referred to the satisfactory arrangements made by Messrs. Cobb and Co. for the accommodation of passengers and for the conveyance of the mails between Goulburn and Albury, and it is gratifying to be assured that the Tumut and Adelong mail service will also be efficiently carried out. Mr. John as a skilful and careful driver, has purchased one of Mr. Garry's light and commodious coaches, and is having another built for this service; his horses are good, and we may safely predict that the public will have no reason to complain either of want of punctuality, courtesy, or proper attention to business on his part. On a previous occasion we expressed our conviction that the residents at Eurongilly are clearly entitled to demand of the postal authorities that the weekly mail com- munication they formerly possessed with Gun- dagai shall again be granted to them. A petition to the Postmaster- General requesting that this be done has been despatched from Eurongilly, and we understand that another memorial to the same effect will shortly be transmitted from Gundagai. Our Member and the Tumut M.P. might also be asked to add the influence of their recommendations that the abovementioned necessary and inexpensive postal facilities should be granted to the residents of two localities which, from their relative position, are certain to become increasingly connected in business relations. Despite the intensely hot weather several sporting events have taken place in Gundagai this week. On Monday last a match for £6 a-side, distance 1¼ mile, was run on tho course between G. Field's 'Storekeeper' and J. Williams' 'Gentle Annie.' Williams' mare took the lead until within a quarter-of-a-mile from home, when 'Storekeeper' passed her and won by a length. A hurry scurry afterwards was won by T. Smiles' 'Half-caste,' Riley's 'Ada' second. On Wednesday there was another match, between 'Storekeeper' and 'Gentle Annie,' for £5 a-side, distance 1½ mile, which was also won by 'Storekeeper,' and a hurry scurry afterwards, won by 'Ada.' The revenue for 1869 was £2,177,970 being £25,000 more than the estimate of the Colonial Treasurer in his statement last October. To this sum of £2,177,970 is to be added, the sum of £30,000, due from the Government of Victoria, on account of Border Customs. This will make up the sum of £2,207,970, as the revenue of the year, 1869; being an increase of £162,614 on the revenue of the year, 1868, which was £2,045,356. These figures may, we believe, be relied upon as correct. We beg to call the attention of residents, in Gundagai to the fact that our present post- master has received instructions strictly to carry out the regulations issued by the postal authorities. Hitherto, through the courtesy of our postmasters, some latitude has been allowed as regarded late posted letters; but in consequence of the recent alteration of mail regulations, and the short time, the coaches now remain in our township, it is imperative that the subjoined rules be observed:—Letters for South Gundagai; Adelong Crossing Place, Tarcutta, Adelong, Tumut, &c.;, must be posted in the Gundagai office not later than 8.30 p.m., unless they bear a 6d. stamp in addition to the ordinary postage, in which case they must be posted not later than 8.45 p.m. The same rule holds good as regards letters for Jugiong, Yass, Sydney, &c.;, which must be posted not later than 9.30 p.m., or, with the additional 6d. stamp, not later than 9.45. p.m. Attention to these re- gulations will save delay in the transmission of letters. The following conditional purchases have been effected recently at the Gundagai Land Office. On the 30th ult., Albert Harris Turner, South Gundagai, 89 acres, Bangus, county Wynyard. On the 6th inst.: William Offer, Gundagai, 40 acres, Mitta Mitta Creek, county Clarendon; Michael Keegan, Coota- mundra, 40 acres, Cootamundra, county Harden; Alexander Hill; Adelong, 50 acres Euadera, county Wynyard. On the 3rd inst.: Benjamin Ross 100 acres, North Gundagai, county Clarendon; Alexander Hill junr., Adelong, 40 acres, Euadera, county Wynyard. A trunk was found washed ashore near Cape Byron, about three weeks since. It contained a lady's wardrobe. On the 11th inst., the adjourned applica- tion for the transfer of the license of Daniel Frazier for the Family Hotel, Jugiong, to Edward Murphy was granted by the Police Magistrate and W. Howe, Esq., at the Gunda- gai Court-house. Final arrangements have, the metropolitan papers intimate, been completed for the estab- lishment of a line of steamers between Sydney and San Francisco, calling at New Zealand and Honolulo. The undertaking has been projected by an American company, to be called the Californian, New Zealand, and Australian Mail Steamship Company. Mr. H. H. Hall, the United States consul, Sydney, is manager of the company, and has chartered the Australasian Steam Navigation Company's steamships Rangatira, of 460 tons register, and the Balclutha, of 261 tons register. The first named steamer will open the line from Sydney about the 1st March next, carrying the mails as far as Honolulo; the service between there and San Francisco will be performed by American steamships. The case of Joseph Salisbury and James Gregg, charged with conspiring together to defraud the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank of the sum of £400 again came on at the Central Police Court, Sydney, on Tuesday, and was further remanded. Gregg gave the following unflattering account of his treatment after being arrested at Goulburn:— About 12 o'clock on last Saturday week I was arrested in Goulburn by detective Lyons; I was taken to the watch-house there, and searched by a sergeant of police, who behaved towards me in a most unmanly manner; in searching me he tore my clothes; he opened a carpet bag which I had in my hand, and strewed a quantity of private papers, all over the floor; at the same time he grinned sarcas- tically, and remarked, 'I never had such a beautiful job as this before;' after that I was put into a kind of barn which had been white washed in the days of yore; I had a blanket given me, but had to lie on the boards; I was kept there all Saturday night, all Sunday and Sunday night, until Monday; all I had to eat was a few pieces of bread which were thrown to me as though I had been a dog; on Monday morning I was taken to the Goulburn Police Court, and remanded to Sydney. The sensi- tive Gregg, it appears, was editor and compo- sitor for Salisbury, who published a paper devoted to comments on police news in Sydney, and had opened an account with the Newtown branch of the Commercial bank as J. F. Lee and another with the City Bank as George Watson. It is well that his career was so speedily closed in the swindling department. The new Parliament will meet for despatch of business early next month,, and rumour states that the Opposition have abandoned the idea of commencing their assault with a 'want of confidence' motion which they conceived in the first flush of their success, after the East Sydney elections, and intend to play what is commonly called "the waiting game." It is also pretty generally supposed that same reconstruction of the Ministry will take place, and that Mr. C. Cowper will be solicited to join the Cabinet of which he has for some time been the adviser. The re- election of Mr. Arnold for Speaker is con- sidered certain, and it is also believed that Mr. Garrett's nomination for the Chairmanship of Committees, may not be opposed, from the-unwillingness of the Opposition to seek ???n?ion for a disagreement with the Govern- ment, at the commencement of the session. The Committee on Elections and Qualifications will have some four or five petitions to in- vestigate and report upon. The return of Mr. Forster, for Quenbeyan; Mr. Kelly for Braid- wood; and Mr. Dean for the Hastings, are, besides some others, to be petitioned against for various reasons. The 'Wellington Independent' states that Dr. Carr, the mesmerist,, has got into trouble in New Zealand. A resident in Wanganui, named William King, has just brought an action against the doctor for £18 7s. for money paid and damage sustained by plaintiff through improper medical treatment of his wife by defendant. A telegram from Melbourne states that at the Athletic Sports Meeting, which took place on Saturday, the running of the English peds. caused disappointment.. They competed in every race but did not show up in any. They are either reserving themselves for a future surprise or not in condition yet. The Wagga Wagga Bench, on the 7th instant, fined Stapleton Minchin 10s., with professional costs and costs of court, for evading bridge tolls. It appeared that on Christmas Day defendant crossed the bridge with a party of gentlemen and did not pay toll, and on the 26th ult. he returned with a party, one of whom said we are going to church, and drove past without paying toll. It was contended, for defendant, that on each occasion the toll-keeper was told to put down the sum due to one pf the gentlemen in the vehicle. Mr. Hawkins, editor of the 'Express,' was in defendant's buggy on Christmas day, and Mr. Willans, solicitor, returned in it on the 26th ult. The matter has already furnis-h ed food for journalistic remark, and is likely to be further commented on. Last week, the local papers state, two daring and impudent thefts were committed in Goulburn, apparently by the same parties. A bedroom in Mrs. O'Donnell's house, Auburn- street; was entered by the window and a carpet bag containing £7 in notes, with two deposit receipts belonging to Mr. Ryan was stolen. Access was also gained to a room in the Commercial Hotel on the same night, and a gold watch was carried to the window sill; but the inmates of the room being disturbed the thief decamped leaving it there. It is generally thought the perpetrators of these offences must have been Sydney thieves. The pedestrian matches between Harris, the colonial champion, and Hewitt, the Englishped., off in the beginning of March, next. A most horrible case of cruelty at Deniliquin is reported in the local papers. Some miscreant, a few days since, cut out the tongue of a horse, and otherwise cruelly maimed the poor dumb beast. The dead body of a white man (supposed to have been a half-caste Chinaman) was found in the bush, about a fortnight since, at Eurongilly. It is feared, that the man must have been murdered. The mail from Inverell to Armidale was stuck-up, and robbed on the 7th instant. Thunderbolt is supposed to be the robber. No cheques were taken, but all letters were opened and forwarded, on in a dilapidated state. The 'Yass Courier' notes that three prisoners, two of them Chinamen, were lately sentenced to three months, each in Goulburn gaol and were forwarded per escort waggon via Yass; our contemporary adds:—This proceeding is on the face of it absurd. If there is no accommodation for such criminals at Tumut, what objection is there to keeping them at Yass. Numerous small and half-filled gaols all over the country are not only expensive but dangerous luxuries. No classification of pri- soners can be attempted, nor any of the moral work (which in a legitimate gaol can be perform- ed) done under such circumstances. If Yass gaol is to be kept up, we hope that we shall not hear again of short-sentenced prisoners being conveyed at great expense past Yass to such other gaols as the whim of a magistrate or bench of magistrates may select. A young native-born Australian lady, named Kelly, is distinguishing herself at home in England as a cutter of cameos. Of her work, competent judges state that nothing so good in that class of art has hitherto been known in the mother country. A dreadful murder has been committed at Charley's Hill, Fish River Creek, near Bathurst. An old man, named John Mulcahy, was found dead in the bush with his skull smashed in, and at a magisterial inquiry held by Mr. Marsh, P.M., the finding was of wilful murder, against one Martin Long, who is in custody, and now lies in Bathurst gaol. At the Yass Police Court last week Joshua Shipway was fined £1 and 2s. 6d. expenses for meliciously breaking a bed-room window in the residence of Mr. J. J. Brown, proprietor of the 'Yass Courier.' He was seen to throw the stone by Mr. Brown's servant girl, and was stated to entertain enmity to Mr. Brown from the latter having leased some land to which defendant thought he had a claim. The liberal sum of £2,819 9s. 10d. has been raised, almost entirely by the Wesleyan denomination, for the support and education of the children of the late Rev. Mr. Hill, who was murdered at Penkridge stockade. The 'Empire' says:—The unparaleled suc- cess of the Melbourne Commercial Room, which has now become a veritable exchange, and, in fact, an indispensable institution in that city, has induced Messrs. Greville and Co. (Reuter's agents), who believed that a speculation of the kind would be profitable and convenient in Sydney, to undertake the formation of a commercial room in those well- adapted central premises in George-street, adjoining the general post-office, lately vacated by Messrs. Chisholm and Co. The room, which is 56 feet by 31, is well lighted and appropriately furnished. It will be liberally supplied with the journals of New South Wales, and the adjoining colonies, and the leading British, Foreign, and Indian, and other papers; the London Directory, army and navy lists, Stable's and other trade, circulars. The sheets of the trade protection societies of New South Wales, Victoria, and Queensland, will also be on file for reference. Attached is a retiring-room, for members to converse in, supplied with the principal magazines, and another private room, to which members may withdraw for discussing on private business, and a third supplied with writing materials for correspondence. It is intended to keep a shipping register according to the plan of Lloyd's. Telegrams will be received daily from Melbourne, reporting commercial transactions and results of auction sales. Shipping casualties will be promptly telegraphed. On arrival of the English mail, Reuter's latest commercial telegrams, received via Galle, will be immediately posted, prior to publication through the press. With these and other facilities it is hoped by the proprie- tors that they will meet with the support of the mercantile classes and the public; and by way of inauguration, the rooms were opened some days ago in the presence of a numerous and influential assemblage of gentlemen to whom cards of invitation had been issued. The internal decorations are really of an elegant and highly ornate charac- ter, and reflect unqualified credit upon the spirit of enterprise which so eminently charac- iterises the firm. The room was crowded on the occasion, and the chair was occupied by Boulton Molineaux, Esq., of the firm of Scott, Henderson, and Co. The inaugural address was delivered by A. H. Richardson, Esq. The 'S. M. Herald' states that the body of a man with the throat cut was found at Eaglehawk Gully, near the North Shore police station, on Saturday last. Near the place where the corpse lay was a temporary gunyah, containing, amongst other things, two bottles of wine and a razor with which the fatal wound is supposed to have been inflicted. From the make and appear- ance of deceased's boots, which bore the mark B with a broad arrow, it is thought that he had recently been an inmate of Turban Creek Asylum. The 'S. M. Herald' publishes an official document, relative to the late intercolonial conference which shows that owing to a change of Ministry Victoria was unrepresented, but that the representatives of New Zealand have been in consultation with the Colonial. Secretary of New South Wales, and subse- quently the Premier of Queensland became a party to the negotiations. A series of resolutions has been agreed to relating to mail service to telegraphic communication with Europe on the one side and New Zealand on the other to the acquisition of power to enter into commercial conventions with foreign nations, and between the colonies themselves; to the question of procuring the admission, duty free, of wool produced in these colonies to the United States; to the investment of English trust moneys in colonial securities; and to the apprehension of offenders who escape from colony to colony. The resolutions are subject to the approval of the Cabinets of the several colonies, and on such ratification they will be made public. The 'Empire' states that all the arrange- ments connected with the erection of a suitable building for the holding of the intercolonial exhibitions of the Agricultural Scciety, are now completed with the Corporation of Sydney. Ere many weeks have elapsed, the Prince Alfred Park will again be thronged with work men engaged in the erection of an industrial palace, worthy of the Corporation and the Agricultural Society. The structure is to be of stone, brick, iron and glass; a gallery, extend- ing over the whole of the building will afford ample room for the exhibition of fine arts, &c.;, and afford a splendid bird's-eye view of the whole building. Water will be laid on, so that fountains may be added to the display and the introduction of a sufficient number of chandeliers, sconces, &c.;, will permit the open- ing of the exhibition at night. The Wagga Wagga journals state that the Attorney-General has declined to prosecute Mr. Hawkins, editor of the 'Express,' on the charge of libel lately preferred against him by Mr. F. A. Tompson, on the ground that the latter by assaulting defendant on a former occasion had given some room for strictures, that Mr. Tompson had given a casting vote on the Bench in a matter affecting his son's interest, and that there was some slight evidence that the Bench, had treated Mr. Willans with discourtesy. Of course this decision has caused one of the rival papers to triumph and the other to be filled with indignation. A Ghost has been seen at Kiama, possibly that of the mysterious murdered Fenian Mr. Parkes informed the residents of that favoured region of. The 'Kiama Pilot' mentions that the apparition was described by one horrified spectator as having a head larger than a cow's ears as long as a person's arm, and revolving eyes the size of a man's fist. To another unwilling witness this or another spectre appeared in the form of a man six feet high, minus a head, and with black stripes down each of his legs. The shadowy visitant, who more resembled the ghost of the Fenian abovementioned than the other, after following said witness's horse for some time vanished. The editor of the journal we speak of adds that the party who saw the latter apparition when relating the circumstance to him was "very nervous and all of a shake," which suggests ideas of an incipient attack of blue devils that would account for his seeing the spectre. As we have recorded a ghostly appearance in Gundagai, we are not entitled to scoff at the account of the Kiama spectres. 