VENICE TO EPHESUS. (MuARK TWAIN in "the Innocents Abroad.") Here and there, in ornamental alcoves, stretched upon beds of bones, lay dead and dried up monks, with lank frames dressed in the black robes one sees ordinarily upon priests. We examined one closely. The skinny hands wereclasped upon the breast; two lustreless tufts of hair stuck to the skull; the skin was brown and sunken ; it stretched tightly over the cheek bones and made them stand out sharply ; the crisp dead eyes were deep in the sockets ; the nostrils were pain. fully prominent, the end of the. nose being gone; the lips had shrivelled away from the yellow teeth: and brought down to us through the circling years, and petrified, there, was a weird laugh a full century old I It was the ]olliest laugh, but yet the most dreadful, that one can imagine. Surely, I thought, it must have been a most extraordi. nary joke this veteran produced with his latest breath, that ,he has not got done laughing at it yet. At this moment I saw that the old instinct was strong upon the boys, and I said we had better hurry to St Peter's* They were trying to keep from ask ing, 'Is-is he dead 7" It makesame dizzy, to think of the Vatican -of its wilderness of statues, paintings, and curiosities of every description and every age. The "old masters" (especially in sculpture), fairly swarm, there. I cannot write about the Vatican. I think I shall never remem ber anything I saw there distinctly but the mummies, and the Transfiguration, by Raphael, and some other things it is not ne cessary to mention now I shall remember the Transfiguration partly because it was placed in a room almost by itself; partly be cause it in acknowledged by all to be the first oil painting in the world ; and partly because it was wonderfully beautiful. The colours are fresh and rich, the "expression," I am told, is fine, the "feeling" is lively, the "tone" is good, tie "depth " is profound, and the width is about four and a half feet, I should judge. It is a picture that really holds one s attention ; its beauty is fascina ting. It is fine enough to be a Renaissance. A remark I made a while ago suggests a thought-and a hope. Is it not possible that the reason I find such charms in this picture is because it is out of the crazy chaos of the galleries If some of the others were set apart, might not they be beautiful 1 If this were set in tie midst of the tempest of pie tures one fiuds in the vast galleries of the Roman palaces, would I think it so hand somel If, up to this time, I had seen only \- one "old master" in each palace, instead of acres and acres of walls and ceilings fairly papered with them, might I not have a more civilized opinion of the old masters than I have now? I think so. When I was a shool-boy and was to have a new knife, I could not make up my mind as to which was the prettiest in the show-case, and I did not think any of them were particularly pretty; and so I chose with a heavy heart. But when I looked at my. purchase, at home, where no glittering blades came into compe tition with it, I was astonished to see how r; handsome it was. To this day my new hats look better out of the shop than they did in it with other new hats. It begins to dawn upon me, now, that possibly, what I have been taking for uniform ugliness in the gal leries may be uniform beauty after all. I honestly hope it is, to others, but certainly it is not to me. Perhaps the reason I used to enjoy going to the Academy of Fine Arts in New York was because there were but a few hundred paintings in it, and it did not sur feit me to go through the list. I suppose the Academy was bacon and beans in the Forty Mile Desert and a European gallery is a state dinner of thirteen courses. One leaves no sign after him of the one dish, but the thir teen frighten away his appetite and give him Id no satisfaction. :..- I There is one thing I am certain of, though. t With all the Michael Angelos, the Raphaels, g the other old masters, the sublime history of Rome remains unpainted I They painted Virgins enough, and popes enough, and saintly scarecrows enough, to people Paradise, almost, and these things are all they did paint. "Nero fiddling o'er burning Rome," the assassination of Cmsar, the stirring spec. tacle of a hundred thousand people bending forward with wrapt interest, in the Coliseum, \- to see two skilful gladiators hacking away each others' lives, a tiger springing upon a kneeling martyr-these and a thousand other matters which we read of with a living in terest, must be sought for onlyin books-not among the rubbish left by the old masters who are no more, I have the satisfaction of informing the public. They did paint, and they did carve in marble, one historical scene, and one only (of any great historical consequence). And what was it and why did they choose it, particularly?: It was the Rape of the Sabines, and they chose it for the legs and busts. . Ilike to look at statues,, however, and I like to look at pictures also-even of monks looking up in sacred ecstacy, and monks looking down in meditation, -and monks skirmishing for something to eat- and there. fore I drop ill-nature to thank the Papal Government for so jealously guarding and so industriously gathering up these things;, and for permitting me,: a stranger and not an en tirely friendly one,, to roam at will anndun molested among them, charging ime nothing, and only requiring that I shall behave my self simply as well as I ought to behave in any other man's house. I thank the Holy Father right heartily, and I wish him long life and plenty of happiness. fhe Popes have long been the patrons and preservers of art, just as our new, practical Republic is the encourager and upholder of ý mechanics.. In their Vatican is stored up all that is curious and beautiful in art ;.in our Patent Office is hoarded all that is curious or useful in mechanics. When a man invents a new style of horse-collar or discovers a new and superior method of telegraphing,, our government issues a. patent to him that is worth a fortune;. when, a man digs up an ancient statue in the Campagna, the Pope gives him a fortune in gold, coin. We can make something of a guess at a man's character by the style of nose he carries on his face. The Vatican and the Patent Office are governmental noses, and they bear a deal of characterabout them. The guide showed us a colossal statue of Jupiter, in the Vatican, which he said looked so damaged and rusty-so like the God of the Vagabonds-because it had but recently been dug up in the Campagna. He asked how much we supposed this Jupiter was worth ?. I replied, with intelligent prompt ness, that he was probably worth about four dollars-may be four and a half. "A hundred thousand dollars !"' Ferguson said. Ferguson said, further, that the Pope permits no ancient work of this' kind to leave his dominions. Hle appoints a com mission to examine discoveries like this and report upon the value ;: then the Pope pays the discoverer one-half of that assessed value s, and takes the statue. He said this Jupiter d was dug from a field which had just been n bought for thirty-six thousand dollars, so the it first crop was a good one for the new farmer. SI do not know whether Ferguson always tells the truth or not, but I suppose he does. I know that an exorbitant export duty is ex d acted upon all pictures painted by the old n masters, in order to discourage the sale of e those in the private collections. I am satis tfied, also, that genuine old masters hardly g exist at all, in America, because the cheapest e and most insignificant of them are valued at s the price of a fine farm. I proposed to buy I, a small trifle of a Raphael, myself, but the price of it was eighty thousand dollars, the t export duty would have made itconsiderably I over a hundred, and so I studied on it a while and concluded not to take it. I wish here to mention an inscription I e have seen, before I forget it : "Glory to God in the highest, peace on e earth to men of good will l" It is not good t IScripture, but it issound Catholic and human -nature. This is in letters of gold around the apsis a of a mosaic group at the side of the scala I santa, church of St. John Lateran, the Mother and Mistress of all the Catholic P. churches of the world. The group repre Ssents the Saviour, St. Peter, Pope Loo, St. Silvesoter, Constantine, and Charlemagne. Peter is giving the palliunt to the Pope, and a standard to Charlemagne. The Saviour is givitg the keys to St. Silvester, and a rstandard to Constantine. No prayer is a offered to the Saviour, who seems to be of \- little importance anywhere in Rome; but an t insacription below says, "llessed Peter, give Slife to Plope Leo and vcftory to lKinq C/arles." SIt does not say, "Inrtecede for us, through Sthe Saviour, with the Father, for this boon," Sbut "Blessed Peter, give it us." In all seriousnecss-without meaning to be frivolous-without meaning to be irreverent, Sand more than all, without meaning to be blasphemous-I state as my simple deduction from the things I have seen and the things 1I have heard, that the Holy Personages rank I thus in Rome : First-"The Mother of God "-otherwiso I the Virgin Mary. Secoend-The Deity. a Third-Peter, 'ourethr--Some Awelve or fifteen canonised I'oles and martyr, 1- Fifte-Jesus Christ the Saviour-(but y always as an infant in arms). of I may be wrong in this-ety judgment y errs often, just as is the cas with other e men's-but it is my judgment,be it good or I bad. a Just here.I will mention aenething that I seems curious to me. There art no " Christ's h Churches " in Rome, and no " Churches of d the Holy Ghost," that I can dicover. There y are some four hundred churche, but about a t. fourth of them seem to be tamed for the Madonna and St. Peter. Then are so many namned for Mary that have to bedistioguished by all sorts of affixes, if I nuderstand the s matter rightly. Then we have churches of n St. Louis; St. Augustine ; St. Agnes; St. n Callixtus: St. Loreozo in Lucino; St. e Lorenzo in Damaso; St. Cecilia ; St. I. Athanasius; St. Philip Neri; it. Catherine; I St. Dominico, and a multitude ef lesser saints t whose names are not familiar ii the world a and away down, clear out of tie list of the 3 churches, comes a couple of hospitals :one of v them is named for the Saviour end the other for the Holy Ghost ! e Day after day and night after night we have wandered among the crumlling wonders of Rome ;. day after day and nigit after night we have fed upon the dust and lecay of five and-twenty centuries-have, brooded over a them by day and dreamt of .them by night till sometimes we.eeemed miaouldering away ourseives, and growing defaced and corner less, and liable at any moment to fall a prey to some antiquary andbe patched in the legs, and "restored" with an unseemly nose, and labelled wrong and dEted wrong, and set up in the Vatican for poes to drivel about and vandals to scribble tleir names on for ever and for evermore.. But the surest wayto stop writing about Rome is to stop. I vished to write a real "guide-book" chapter on this.fascinating city, but I could not Jo it, because I have felt all the time like a boy in a candy shop \--there was everythitg to choose from, and yet no choice. I havedrifted along hopelessly for a hundred pages sf manuscript without knowing where to ommence. 1 will not commence at all. Oar passports have been examined. We will go to Naples. The ship is lying lere its the harbour of Naples-quarantines. She has been here several days and wil' remain several more. We that came by rail from Rome have escaped this misfnrtine. Of course no one is. allowed to go on board. the ship, Sor come ashore from. her. She is a prison, now. The passengers probably spend i the long blazing da3s looking out trout under t the svwnings at Vescviuso nd.thebeautiful city S-sand in swearing. Think of tel days of this S sort of Ia,tinie I1--ue go out every da.y in a Iboat and request them to come ashore.. It I soothes thel,. Welie ten steps from the ship and tell them how .plendid the city is; and Ihow much better thIl hotel tare is here than anywhere els.e in Europe; and hlow cool it is ; and what frozen, continents of iced cr.am, there are; and whit a. time we are having cavorting about tie country and sailing to Sthe islands in the. Bay. This tranquilides 7 them. ASCEbT OF VESUVIUS. I shall remesmber our trip to Vesuvius for I many a day-porth biecaus aof itsight-seeing Iexperiences, but chiefly on account of the Slstigue of the journey. Two or throe of us hadl I been re.ting oursilves among the tranquil and r beautiftal scenery of: the island ot Ischial, eigsh r teen miles out, in the harbor, tor two days; weu I called '' resting," but I do not rtlemenber now Swhat the resting consisted of, hr when wt r got back to Naplss we had not slept for 48 Shours.. We were just.about to go to bed early a in the evening,. nd catch up someof the sleep ewe had lost, wlhen we heard of this Vesuiius I expedition. There ovas to be eiglt of us in the a party, and-we were to leave Nalies at mild I night.. We laid in. some provisions for the Stripl, engaged carriages to take in tuAnnunci-. ation, and then moved about tlhecit), to keep awake, till twelve. We got away punetualli, f and in the course of an hourand a hail arrived. Sat thle town of Annunciation. Annunciationl is tlhe very last place under the sun. In other I towns in Italy the.lpcoplo lie oround quietly and wait for you to ask thinm a,que.tion or do sotme overt act that can be clhar-ed ' for-but int Annunciation tlsey have lost een that frtg r nent of delicacy ; they seize a lady's shawl L from a chair, and hand it to lier and charge a Spenny ; thy open a carriage door, and clharge for it--shutli when you get out, and clharge for it; they help you to take off a duster two ceint ; brush ) our clothes and mtake them seore tishan they were before-two cents; smile upon you--two cents; Ibo, wits a lick sspittlo snirk, lint in. handl-two cents;.' they volunlsteer all iilurmation, asuch. as tihat tse smules will arrive presently-two celnts warm day, sir--two cents-take you lour hours to maoke the ascent--two cents. " And so they go. They cr,,wd you-infnst you - swarm about you, and sweat and smnell offen Iively, and look sneaking and mean, and ob. sequaious. There is lo ofitee too degrading for ithem to perform, for ,eoney. I hlave had r no oportunity to find out anything about tCle upper classes by m y owh observation, but from what I hear said about them Ijudgethat what they luck it one or twoof tite tad traits the canaille have, they make up in one or two other, thal are worse. flow the people beg I \--many of them very well dressed, too. I said I know nothing against the upper classes by personal obsurvation.. I, musta re call it! I had forgottens. W\itat I suw their bravest and their Lairest do laust night, the lowest.multitude that could be ser,lled ult out ot the purlieus ol Christendom wohld blush to do, I ttink. They as.eilnbled byj hundreds, asd isven thlousands, in tie great tshsitre of Sas Carlo, to do--what? W\hy, sliitl, ly, to miake fun of an old woman-to de ide, tobit, to jeera aan actr.ss tley oelce sorelhilled, but whoset beauty is Ihded now adl whlosue voice has lost its tormer riclnees-. IEverybody spoke of thie rare slort there wsas .be. They said tile tlheatru would be cramnid, Lb?eo.use Freziolini wvas going to sing. It ?nis aid lshe could not sing well, now, but tl, i tise peolle liked to see hier, anylhow. Ansd >s we want. SAnddevery tisle the woman sssg toey hissed ussil lauglied-elicu whole ssussgincjst Isouso and as sooe as so she I. lthu stage tliy csIed lliar ots augiin witsh aititlauss'. Once or tiice she wcsa uncored five ansd six tisese ie! successioll, and received witl hisiscs lwhen sh aplpeared, and discharged with hisses and la ;gter when siat lied fiislhledl-tlten instralltly nicored ansi Iisultsed again It And Ihowu th high-borni knauves enjoyed it \Vlhite-kidde genciusllt ad ladieslaughedl till the tears caute, and clalled their handi in very cstle whsen tltat uslihalipy alit woeani weould come ekly out fibr theasixttin ic, it, unicoislhais g Ipntiece, to tieet n storm ofi Itieses I It wva til cruel lest exhibition-- tlihu nost wsntor the ioist uleceling. 'I he singer would lhas conquered as: outlience of Assisrican rawdies l her brave, uaflinscisng trsiquility (Cor sie aiuered on. core alter uocor', and ssiled and swed pilea- I sently, and sang the boet ?tel pus 'bly could, nod ywent bowing oloff, through oil the jeers ond hisses, without over losing countenance or tnemper,:) and surely in any other land than Italy her sex and her helplessness must have been an ample protection to her-she could have needed no other. Tlinuk what a multi tude of smarll souls was crowded into that theatre last night. If the manager could have filled his theatre with Neupolitan souls alone, without the bodies, he could not have cleared less than ninety millions of dollars. \Vhat traits of character must a man have to enable him to help three tliousond miscreants to hiss and jeer, and laugh at one friendless old wo man and shamifullY humiliate her? Hoe must have all the vile traits there are. My observe tion persuades mu (I do not like to venture beyond may own pIersonil obsereation), that thei upper classes of Naples possess those traits at caaracter. Otherwise they may he very good people; I cannot sany. (To be Continued.) 