NEWSPAPER WRECKS. Under this head the San Jose ' Mercury' makes some very just criticisms in reference to newspaper enterprises in San Francisco, which have proved failures. The day has passed by in which misrepresentations will deceive the people. There must be something sub stantial given to the reader — not disgraceful trash which tends to corrupt the community. Men will have the worth of their money. So with advertising. Men have been hutn Kil orcrprl into no.vincf la.rcrA .minis ivF miinm: +.i\ journals of small circulation, for which little benefit has been derived. We have, how ever, commented more at length than we in tended, so will turn the reader over to the extracts from the San Jose '?' Mercury,' which read as follows : There seems to be a strange fatality at tending the newspaper business in this country. Especially is this true of San Francisco ; although, perhaps, other towns can show a corresponding journalistic mor tuary record proportionate with the number of their inhabitants. *. * * * ' All will remember the old ' Flag,' that with much real but unbalanced talent, splurged and splattered for a year or more, and then gave up the ghost. It really deserved a better fate. Its heart was sound, but its head was wofully out of gear. And then came the 'Times,' a tolerably solid but intensely prosy daily — excessively moral and intoler ably stupid. ' This had a run of several years. It was a fair appearing sheet, and j people had begun to regard it as a, news paper fixture. But it never paid expenses, and when it was finally absorbed in the fat and imbecile ' Alta,' the public really felt relieved. Here follow comments concerning a jour nal which yet lives, but as the balance of the article is a mortuary record, we exclude them for the present. The most complete wreck, and one. over which the right-thinking portion of the read ing public will shed the fewest tears, is that I of the ' Evening Tribune.' Obscenity was its strong suit. It catered to the depraved appetite uy muuiiuuiiig everyuuug viie. j.is columns fairly reeked with human depravity. ' Its editor could see no bright side of huma-^ affairs ; all was ghoulish and ghastly. Tjle. influence of such a paper could not be o',;U'er. wise than very bad. It met with a just fate. Men seem to have fewer ide'as an(j }ess sense in newspaper matters ^naa jn anv other line of business. In 'jther pursuits, training, practical experien.ee, and peculiar fitness are regarded as essential nraranniaifafi - but about every third rjian thinks himself capable of engineering a newspaper. Not withstanding the wrecks that bestrew .the shores of journalism, we doubt not there will be other fools who, from time to time, heedless of past lessons, will engage in the pursuit, in San Francisco, outside of any public demand, and who will meet with the J0T OHIC same-fate as!thai-of tueir' defunct predeces SOrS. ?'. ? ...... I.-.-;.; .».,_-?,.: -.-*--....-.,.-«* . V, «KW-'.«W^.I«. 