? POET APELA3PB, PEBBCA»R»17> i Co>ioiildr8 Rann- ^ljnclsaj, ; Burnett,. lieMe* 1 *urier, officers' _ _ the labourers, the adoption of a freshlandingplace for silt/andthecollection of rates, were ead: Letter from W. J. Brind, Manasrer South Australian • encroachment ofstreet; the plan having been prepared after "a survey from data supplied by the Surveyorgeneral, ine letter statea . mat, supposingsuch data to be reliable, and the precise measure- ' meat - on the ground only allowed ajs per Government diagram, the extent of the en- . croachment is 6 feet 1 inch; but he had been informed by the Surveyor-General that it was' an instruction from the Government to their • surveyors ra to allow aiiow about auuui one link uiik. in ut every ma was followed f/Jlnnrari in this instance, inatatlPA t.h« the -annai-ant.- apparent encroachment would be accounted- for, and the hotel would be in about in its right position. At this distance of time, however, he had been unable to obtain exact information -as to the precise position of the peg placed by the Government Surveyor marking the boundary, and he could not therefore positively say that no encroachment had been made; but as he understood the Corporation was only desirous of preserving their rights by not allowing any encroachment to become permanent, he enquired whether, if the Company admitted an encroachment of six- feet one inch, and gave an undertaking that when &ny; new building was erected it should- be carried back to that 'extent, the Corporation would allow the building - now on the ground to remain in its present position. In the present state of the Port the traffic of the street-was.not in .any. way obstructed, and long before it was likely to be so the building will have given place to something of a more substantial character. If, inthe opinionoftheCouncil, a rental should be paid to the Corporation for the six feet, he would be prepared on behalf of the Company to pay a rental. The plan submitted to be agreed to in terms of the Manager's better, the Coiporation reserving the right, when the public convenience required it, to nave the building removed within three months, ^lan-of the Government diagram of the streets >f the Port to be obtained. Letter from the Postmaster at the Port stating that the request j of the Corporation to have the delivery of etters, &c.;, by the carriers extended to jouth Ward had been acceded to by the Postmaster-General, and would be carried out at once. Letter from J. M. Sinclair and several other ratepayers, stating that they had -noticed some of the Corporation labourers - had been employed clearing out the watertable in front of the* Post-Office, and respectfully submitting that, the lates should be. expended for the benefit of the ratepayers only, and not in streets or beyond the municipal- boundary. After some discussion, in. which the members of the Public WorkS 'Cemmittee said they had-not given instructions to the Overseer on the subject, it was decided not to proceed further ivith the work. His Worship remarked that laving arrived at that decision it was necessary communicate with the authorities, directing -heir attention to the necessity of having the vater-tables regularly cleaned. .The authorities >ught also to look after portion of the Govemnent Reserve adjoining Commercial-road. Juring the late heavy rains ax inches of water found a 'lodgment-place in the shipping offioes ind Marine Board. To get either into those mildings or the Custom-House from the Comnercial-road on such occasions was. almost impossible. Perhaps it would be the best *-o wait intil the Parliamentary affairs- had became settled before bringing, the matter again under phe notice of the Government. In reply to Mr. Lindsay, the Town Clerk stated that the'Corporation was paying £10 10s. per annum for the lighting of the gas-lamps in Commercial-road Application to be made for a reduction in the price. Financial rates collected to date, £3S3 I0s. fid.; receipts since last meeting, £11 15s.; balance to credit at Bank, £201 2s. Id.; payments, £18 Is. HINDMARSH-SQUARE CONGREGATIONAL SUN OAT - SCHOOL. — Anniversary sercnons were preached on February 20 by the Rev. C. Mantho'pe in the morning, from Galatians v. 18—" But it is good to be zealously affected alwaysin a good thing." Inthe afternoon Mr. J. M. Dowie gave an interesting address to the young, founding his remarks on Matthew xviii. 3, 9. In the evening the Rev. S. T. Withington discoursed from Acts ix. 31—" Then had the Churches rest throughout all Judea and Gallilee and Samaria, and were edified; and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied." There was a a numerous attendance in the morning, and a very large congregation at night. MINERAL DISCOVERT.—Intelligence has just reached lis (Southern Argus) of a new discovery, the locality of which is near the Finniss River, and about two miles from the Tramway Station. The specimens we have seen consist principally of quartz, containing splendid indications of copper, malleable, greeu and blue carbonates, and yellow sulphurets. A small quantity of gold has also been extracted from the lode, but of course the exact propor ion of the latter cannot be ascertained until further trial has been made; but the amount already obtained is amply sufficient to stimulate further search for the precious metal. We believe the discoverers nave purchased the property, consisting of about 200 acres, and intend forming a Company at once. CRICKET MATCH. — A cricket match was played at Prescott's paddock, Kensington, between the Keusington and St. Luke's Cricket Clubs. The former went first to the wickets, and were disposed of after a long stand for 9<i runs. The latter then went in and made 101, and were thus the victors by five runs. The batting of W. Fenn, Read, and Roberts for the Kensingtons, and of Frost, Williams, and Carleton, and the bowlingof Chambers for the St. Luke's, was good. We are requested to notice that the St. Luke's Cricket Club consists principally of members of tho Young Men's Society, and the meetings of. the Club are heid in the schoolroom, so that it is in connection with the church. DISCOMFORT IN RAILWAY CARRIAGES.—'" We ' have_ often thought," says the Uaicler Times, "while undergoing the process of roasting in a second-ciass carriage on the North Line, that if Venetians were fixed outside the carriage windows, as they are on the Port Line; the tremendous heat ef the sun's rays on the glass would be greatly modified, and the comfort of the passengers promoted. We wonder why some carriages are provided with inside blinds and ethers not. We understand that on the Northern Extension Line the carriages have no blinds, and there is no shed under which they can stand at the station; consequently they are like ovens, and the unfortunate passengers, after two hours' baking, make a general rush, and cry for water on reaching Tarlee. Truly our system of railway management is not quite perfect, notwithstanding the wonderful improvements the Engineerin-Chief was to have introduced." THE EXODUS.—A first person, writing „ from Port- : 1311(1 , thus remarks on the proceedings of late residen's in the Mount Gambier district, says tlle Waich:—" A great number of Germans and [ others from the Mount Gambier district are pegging out lots on the Dartmoor run, on which, ' understand, there is some excellent land; and ! 38 fc he new road, just opened by the Shire Council, passes cloee to it, Portland must ere long be greatly benefited by t.hi settlement irm will take plaoo near the Border. In our i more immediate neighbourhood also & great ' numy selections are bein^made, »o that, altogether, oather. we begin bornn to anticipate sntinnnts brighter bnerhtar Hart days for Portland. Mr. Griffin's district is a very large one ; it extends from the South Australian boundary to Tower Hill." GOLD.—Speaking of the precious metal the Gamier Times remarks:—" It is said to have been traced from the so-called Blumberg Reef through two or three of Mr. John Murray's sections, and we have since heard of gold being found near Bonney's Flat. If South Australian colon sts do not soon bestir themselves, they may be assured that others with more enterprise will come from Melbourne and work their reefs, and .. , .. ., ' — which has so long prevented an thing like proper efforts being made to develop our goldtields. We ^ heard t , h f t both Victorian diggers an 1 Vic- , »p«eul»t»ri are eonung. 