THE ABERCROMBIE CAVES. (From the Town and Country Journal.) THE Grove Creek, or, as they are popularly term'-d, the Abercrombie, Caves, lie about forty-five miles to the west of Bathurst, and are situated on the Grove Creek, about four miles above the confluence of that stream with the river Abercrombie, and about seven miles from Mulgunnia, which was formerly a cattle-station belonging to Mr. Askell, but is now the residence of Thomas Smith Esq., J.P. The traveller who would approach these caves will find some difficulty in carrying his intentions into practice. Betsy's Downfall, an incline which has to be descended before the cave's mouth can be reached, is not quite so easy as the fabled descent to Avernus, especially should the ground be in that delightful condition in which it often is after rain, and which, in bush parlance, is designated greasy. Our travelling reporter has, in our issue of June 25th, given a vivid sketch of the scenery lying around the mouth of the cave on the outside; but the floods at that time rendered a thorough examination impracticable owing to the state of the creek which runs through the cave. The cave is, in fact, a tunnel, excavated through a hill of limestone by the erosive action of water. The stream has also cut a channel through limestone rocks for a long way outside the cave's mouth, and these rocks stand up in many places as precipitous walls, forming the bankB of the creek. In dry weather the cave can be easilv ap proach along the bed of the stream; but of course this is impossible when the creek is in flood. The entrance to the cave is superbly and beautifully grand. A large body of soldiers with bayonets screwed on, and arms shoul dered, might march into the cave abreast. The grand cave, or tunnel, has numerous smaller tunnels or entrances to other caves connected with it, and branching off from it, Some of those smaller caves have been explored, while the extent and terminations of others are still unknown. The entrances to these caves are in some cases so narrow that a moderately fat man has some difficulty in squeezing himself through them. Once inside, however, with the means of lighting a torch at command, and the scene that meets the view is magnificent. The arch, or roof of the main tunnel, iB very lofty—so lofty indeed that visitors attempt in vain to hit the rnof by throwing a stone pnrpendicu larly. The diffused light admitted through both ends of the tunnel is sufficient to render the scenery of the cave distinctly visible to explorers; but to enjoy the sight in perfection, it is necessary to use a very brilliant torch, or what is still better, the magnesium light. The latter produces an effect that is perfectly astounding. Water containing salts of lime has been percolating for ages through the superincumbent rooks, and having passed away, has left the lime which it held in solution, deposited as stalactital and stalagmital matter on the walls and floor of the cave. This matter has assumed all sorts of grotesque and fantastic forms. Hence the flash of the magnesium light transforms the cave into a veritable Hall of Eblis. Quaint and grotesque statues stand all around the tourist. They hang on the wall; they depend from the roof; they stand up from the floor. You feel yourself for a moment on enchanted ground. Imagination, with her mystic wand, at once clotheB these statues with the semblance of flesh and blood They all wear the paleneBS of the tomb, for they are veritable marble, not yet compressed by pressure into the hard stone we call by that name, but still of the nature and substance of it. A close examination however soon dispels the illusion. A limy concretion which the explorer took to be the ghost of an old hag, and which almost seemed to gibber at him in the dimness of the distance, when closely examined turns out to be a misshapen lump of stalagmite, sufficiently like the outline of a woman to suggest to the fancy a closer resemblance. As the light falls on these apparent statues, their true nature becomes revealed—they are stalactites and stalagmites, and nothing more. The dimensions of this cave have been variously estimated. The length of the grand archway is said to be about three hundred yards; but others reduce the distance to two hundred and fifty paces. The northern entrance is seventy feet broad and fifty feet high; towards the centre it increases in breadth to about ninety feet, and the height to upwards of one hundred feet; while at the southern extremity it is full one hundred feet broad, and from seventy to eighty feet high. This tunnel at a short distance from its entrance inclines slightly to the right, and then resumes its straight course. It is, as we have already observed, open at both'ends; that is, it is a natural tunnel worn oot of the solid limestone rock by the loog continued action of running water, Some of the subordinate caves, branching ff from the main tunnel, have never yet been thoroughly explored. Near the north ntrance there is a passage which forms nearly a right angle with the main archway. This passage is loftv, and extends for about one hundred and "eighty feet or more, and then terminates in alow passage about two feet in height. Beyond this low narrow archway is a spacious cavern containing, amongst a number of quaint and grotesquely shaded stalagmites, two forms which bear a close resemblance to a pulpit and a tomb. Two other stalagmites, found in another part of the cave, are very like a washbasin with a roll of towelling suspended over it. Several passages of a like kind, branching off from the main tunuel, gradually contract until thev become very small, and then widen out again into spacious caverns filled with the grotesque statuary already mentioned, and ornamented with stalactites depending from the roof and from ledges on the walls, in almost every variety of shape and of position. The cave contains the memorials of many visitations of it by different parties. Mr. Davidson enjoys the reputation of having discovered it; but this must mean that he explored and brought it into prominent notice, for local accounts say that it was known long before to stockmen and settlers in the neighbourhood. Since Mr. Davidson's visit, and more especially of late years, it has been the resort of pleasure parties, who proceed thither on horseback in the summer season, carrying with them provisions, blankets, tents, and everything else required to make them comfortable during a few days' sojourn. Where the bush in thick nnd the crags are rude, And the silver Grove Credit Rniily moane, As it winds alone in monrnful mood, O'er beds of white And wave-worn stones ; Where kflnenroos and opopsums fend. And wild birds warily wine their flight, And mountain blossom and verdant weed Adorn the cracks in the stnlaemite ; Where scarlet flowers their bloom display To the eager parrot's observant eve, And the woods reBound at the dawn of day With the wonga wonga'a plaintive cry. And should the party include a concertina, flute, or violin player in their number, terpsichore receives an ovation, and the caverns ring with the Roval Irish, the Octoroon Waltz, or the College Hornpipe. These excursions, although involving a considerable amount of fatigue and trouble, are often pleasure parties indeed. It is a great thing to carve out a fortune with your sword, or a niche in the temple of history; but it is a much smaller matter to carve your name on the walls of a cavern, or on the time-worn stones of a moss-clad ruin. Yet it would appear that the latter mode of achieving immortality is extensively patronised by colonial tourists in search of the picturesque. Unquestionably the Browns, Smiths, Joneses, and Kobinsons, who visit caverns, are all scribbling animals, and ambitious of leaving a name behind them that shall be read by a distant posterity. The ingenuity which some of these gentry display in writing their names in such a stylo as that the inscription shall remain uneffacable, is worthy of all admiration. It is the only sort of immortality a great many of them are likely ever to achieve. One gentleman put himself to the trouble of manufacturing a bush ladder out of a sapling, up which he climbed, and as a result his name stands inscribed on the top of a lofty stalagmite in the Abercrombie Caves, where it will doubtless remain for many future years, more particularly as nobody would take the trouble of climbing up to it to blot it out. The usual plan is to blacken the wall with a candle, and then, with a pointed stick or nail write the name on the black ground, which process will, of course, cause the letters to be white. Others carve their name on the soft stalagmite with a nail or a penknife, and leave it there for the admiration of future visitors; while others of a less ambitious turn of mind, are satisfied with inscribing their particular patronymio on the wall of the cavern with a burnt stick. Amongst the inscriptions on the stalagmites of these caves will be found the name of one of our governors, and those of a large number of residents in the western districts. There are thousands of these inscriptions on the walls, but the accuracy of some of them are questionable, We know one gentleman who chronicled his visit to the caves as the visit of Mrs. Brown and thirteen small children. When the railway is open to Bathurst, we have no doubt that numerous pleasure parties will be organized in Sydney, for the purpose of visiting these caves, as well as the larger and still grander caverns situated in the limestoue rocks of the Pish River valley. MEAT.—The price of meat in London is sensibly affected by imports from Australia. Mutton is so cheap in Australia and New Zealand that, when divested of bones, it costs only four cents a pound. It is packed in tin cases of about a quart measure. These, when filled, are boiled four hours in a cauldron, which cooks the meat sufficiently for indefinite preservation. Three hundred thousand cans of mutton are shipped every month to England where it sells for eight cents a pound. Beef is sent in the same way, but in leBs quantity and at higher prices. It is upon this cheap meat, at eight cents a pound free from bones, that the penny dinners are afforded in London. Meat thus preserved differs from fresh killed meat in this, viz., that it loses much of its distinctive flavour. When it is re-cooked it requires judicious dressing to make it palatable; otherwise, it is rather tasteless, though nutritious. Kangaroo meat can be got for the trouble of catching, the animal. It is said to somewhat resemble venison. There is very little of it used, probably because, like our fat Bnd tender gophers, the animal is a great pest in Australia. The meat lias not been canned for export; but, like horse meat, it iB wholesome and well flavoured, and it would doubtless gradually find favour in the market at convenient prices. Australia is anxiouB to trade with California, and the high price of meat here raises a presumption that canned mutton, at least, would find sale at eight centa a pound.—No ITS of the World. Women, so amiable in themselves, are never so amiable as when they are useful; and as for beauty, though men may fall in love with girls at play, there is nothing to make them stand to their love like seeing them at work.—Cobbett. ' A Missouri editor and justice of the peace married a couple in 1858, divorced them in I860, married the man to another woman in 1 1 o 861, married the woman to another man in 862, and last week he re-married the riginal couple. ALIVE IN THE DEAD-HOUSE.—The San Francisco Alta California gites an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead- bnuse attached to the hospital in which be bad lwn under treatment:—The body was deposited in a case where two other hodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put OD and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the ni?bt. About midnight a loud screaming and veiling of a most unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the deadhouse was sought after; hut, being aware of what he was required to dn, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts^fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon fo proceed to the dead-bouse and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who bad been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rusbed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more cnuragpnus than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career; hut the next instant, the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he WHS restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as be told it himself:— u Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the dnctor came to ma and said I vas very sick. lie vent away, and after he vent I /ell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in de night, and there was no light. 1 pur. nut my hand, and I could get no bed-clothes, for 1 vas cold. I dan put my hand to oue side to try for the bed-clothes, and, och, vat you think I got—vy a dead man ! Dpre he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mit all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then 1 roared, and called, and cried nut all T could, and ven I vas getting up my head struck a board that was covering me. ' Oh,' said I, ' vot does this mean? vere am I? Am T dead?' and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, hut nobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas dead myself. I vas not shtire. f had the dead man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat. opened it be fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here." CHIGNONS TRACED TO THEIR SOURCE.—St. Pelagie and St. Lazare are French prisons upon the old system. There the prisoners herd together in workshops, yards, and dormitories. Thence the youth, brought in for a trifling offence, issues forth ready for any crime and ripe for the galleys or the scaffold. St. Pelagie is described as a hotbed of vice and immorality for men, as St. Lazare is for women. More work is done, however, at St. Pelagie than at Mazas, because it is done in common, and emulation is excited. One of the trades carried on there is the manufacture of velocipedes, another is the making of lamp-shades out of paper dyed green by a mixture of oxide of copper and arsenic, an occupation so unwholesome that the prison doctor orders a quart of milk to be served out daily as an antidote to the men who follow it, and makes them also take warm and sulphur baths. Another trade there carried on is described as follows:—" I wish the women who set the fashions would visit St. Pelagie; then they would see how these false chignons are manufactured which they imprudently hang over their nape or suffer to float over their shoulders. One workshop is devoted to this branch, which is learnt in a very short apprenticeship. All the hair purchased off doubtful heads, picked up here, there, and everywhere, collected from the comb, or thrown into the Btreet and caught by the chiffonier's hook, is sorted in shades, divided according to its length, and, after a cleansing process which does not make it much nicer, it is sent to Pelagie, where prisoners pass their day in fixing it on silken threads. Thence when it has been clustered according to the rules of art, it finds its way to the Rue Notre-Dame-de-Lorette, or to the Faubourg St. Germain." SOMETHING NEW IN WOOD.—We have been shown a sample of very aromatic wood sent down from Alaska, which seems to be a species of yellow cedar, having a most pungent and singular odour, entirely different from anything we have ever encountered. The "aromatic nature of the wood renders it extremely valuable for trunks to contain woollen clothing, furs, and such goods as are liable to destruction by moths, and admirably calculated for shelving for cloth and clothing stores. It is an excellent material for boat-building also, inasmuch aB the toredo or boring worm will not touch it, on the contrary turns up his sharp nose at it. As the wood is cheap and can be shipped here and sold at a moderate price, it will no doubt come into use. The sawdust and shavings if spread over the ground is death and destruction to ants and vermin, and would be a luxury to any dog for a bed as would leave him to sleep undisturbed by his natural enemy, the little industrious flea, which in California every man and woman pursueth. When in Alaska, Mr. Seward had several logs of it sent down, and thence east, to be used in his house. The wood is fine grain and admits of a high polish. A few hundred feet of the board were left at the yard of the Kimball Manufacturing Company, corner of Fourth and Bryant streets, and a sample is on exhibition at the Alta office.—News of the World. . The Londoners are much pleased wittt their new horse-railroads, though the cars have to them a " transatlantic " look. They are surprised to learn how much easier ordinary vehicles run when tbey can get the wheels on one or both sides, upon the smooth horse-car rails. . The Baroness Ruffini has just died in Paris, aged eighty-two. She lived in a wretched hut, but had hoarded a million franc?. Tl e London organ of the Roman Catholic church declares that the oecumenical council cannot complete its work under a year. Miss Anthony has been calling, "in her hest black silk and a cashmere shawl, with the name of the camel neatly embroidered in the corner." 