AN OLD SONG WITH A NEW FACE. [From " Echoes from the Bush," in Tuesday's Register.] FYTTE THE FIRST. John Hart he was our Treasurer, And eke our bold Premier; And Mais he was a goodly man— A first-rate engineer. John Hart and Mais in anxious talk Sat all one winter's day; When sun was set and night was come, They had not said their say. John Hart he spoke in darksome hints, But Mais he took them ill; "To cut down these last Estimates Is past my utmost skill. "If you would have a Northern Line, That sum you must expend!" John Hart he turned away in scorn, And thus their talk did end. "Oh, rede me, rede me, Milne," he said, "A good rede give to me; Oh, shall I Boothby's figures take, And let stern Mais's be." "The estimates that Boothby gives Will suit you to a T; Then use them freely in your Bill, And let stern Mais's be." Away, then, went bold Johnny Hart,— Away to the House went he, And Boothby's figures used he there, And let poor Mais's be. And up then rose the grim Strangways, And grinned with mickle glee; "To Boothby Mais must now give place, If this be so," quoth he. Quoth Hart "Our Mais is wondrous wise, A skilful man I ween; But Boothby's blessed with common sense, As plainly may be seen. "I've taken Boothby's figures here To fix the sum we'll borrow; But ne'er shall Mais to him give place, The change would bring me sorrow." And up then rose the members all And told him to his face, " Away with Boothby's estimates, We'll trust to none but Mais. "For Mais he is a trusty hand And Engineer-in-Chief; And if we Boothby's figures take We'll surely come to grief." Then up and spake stout Hamilton, " On that I've much to say, And move the question be adjourned For one week and a day." FYTTE THE SECOND. 'Twas.at the solemn silent hour When night and morning meet; la glided Mais's grimly ghost And stood at John Hart's feet. His face was stern, and bold his look, He gave nor sigh nor groan, But stiffly curled his long moustache, And angry was his tone. " AwakeP' he cried, "'Tis Mais that calls, Whose estimates you floored; Now must your conscience hear the man Whom you threw overboard. " This is the dark and dreary hour When walks each injured sprite; Though I'm not dead, my ghost has come To haunt thee in the night. " Bethink thee, Treasurer, of thy fault, Thy broken faith to me; And give the recognition due To my authoritie. " Why did you seek my figures clear, And not those figures trust? Why did you not explain your views When we the scheme discussed? " How could you fay my skill was rare, And yet that skill forsake? How could you drop my estimates, And unskilled Boothby's take? " How could you let him 'gainst my Staff Insinuations spread. And charge us with dishonesty ? I'd like to punch his head! " But hark! the cock-crow warns me hence, Remorse and grief be thine! For know, despite this usage vile, 1 shan't—I won't resign, "s The cock crew loud; the morning smiled With beams of rosy red ; In shame and grief the Treasurer woke, And pondering left his bed. He hied him swiftly to the House His sorrow to express; But still the more he urged his pleas, The worse he made the mess. His Bill was dropped; the House declared They Mais alone believed, And swore by Boothby's estimates They ne'er would be deceived. MORAL. Take warning here, each bold Premier, By how this Bill has-fared; Mistrust awaits all estimates 