NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH IN YASS.— LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. (From the Courier.) On Thursday afternoon, at four o'clock, the cere mony of laying the foundation-stone of a now Was loyan church took place. The day was flui but in tensely sultry, owing to which the number of pec. tators was not so numerous as might have been ex pected on so interesting an occasion. The site selected for the now building is the vacant land at the upper end of Roosi-otreot, adjoniing Mr. Kemp's cottage, on the north-eastern corner of which pioco of ground it is intended to erect it. The plans for the now church have been prepared by Mr. Rowo, of Sydney. It will be built of rod brick, with cut stone quoins, and will accommodate two hundred persons. Above the north-eastern anglo of the site of the building, the union-jack had been hoisted to the scaffold-polo which carried the necessary tackle for lowering and raising the massive lump of squared froeetone, which in all due form was to be laid as the foundation-stono of the second Wosloayan church built in Yass-that of the first church in Meoohan street, having been laid by Mr. Roos Jones, on 23rd June, 1858. A little after four o'cloclk, the proceedings woere commenced by the Rev. Mr. Pincombo giving out the 620th hymn. A very eloquent prayer was then offered up by the RNv. John Gibson (Presbyterian), nearly all standing uncovered. The Roy. Mr. Curnow then roead the 84th psalm; after which he addressed the meeting at some length. He wished to say a few words before his friend Mr. Davies laid the foundation stone. It was a perfectly natural question to ask what they had all that day mot to do. Well, they had met to lay a stone, an action in itself prosaic enough, but. an action which possessed a divine poetry for their hearts. Some, looking at the question, might deem the laying of the stone a calamity; he for his part could only regard it as a blessing. The time was past when Wemslyans needed to defend such an acnotion as that of laying the foundation-otone of a chapel. No polite apology even was now requisite. Thank God the time had arrived when they could stand as they then stood, to do this thing. Weoleyaniem did not en doavour in trying to sot itself up to put any one also down. It had unfortunately so happened that the Wesleyan body in Yoas had mot with calamities in the matter of their first church; but because they had been unfortunate they did not wish that others might be so as well. The primary object of their assembling together was not to got money. Not that Wesloyans pretended they could do without money. They did not affect any choap-john system, nor any mawkish sentimentality about despising money, be cause they believed that Christians should honour the Lord with their substance. Thorn was one thing that W'eslyanism did stand by and believe in. And that one thing was the grand old thing, the bible. Some said that Wesloyans, when it was a question of whether John Wesley or the bible was right, always took Wesley. But Wesloyans did not take Wesley in that way. When human opinion, or ecclesiastical authority, or popular literature, or John Wesley himself, came into opposition with the bible, why they tool, the bible and threw all elos over. Some times "Wealeyans agreed with some of the sermons of John Wesloy, not because they supposed them to be the whole truth and nothing but the truth, but I because they believed them to come near to thebo meaning of God's word. But if they saw that John Wasloy's views on any matter were not square with the oracles of Jehovah they gave John Wealoy the go by. New South Wales was a free country; and he contended that Weoloyans had a perfectrightto pro claim the gospel truths as they understood them. The truo church was not composed of the members of sects as' sects, but of man who lived according to Now Tostamdnt rules. Wherever a spiritually living congregation had ministers, those ministers were the ministers of Jesus Christ. He believed in apostolic succession according to Bishop Jewell's definition of it-thb succession of men marked as apostolic by the possession of faith and holiness. Wesloyanism was entitled to a footingin Yass on the ground that towns were the better for Wesloyanism. Drunkards became sober; blasphemous men right-round Chris tian men; and the bad good under itainfluence. On the ground also that the Wesleyan was the largest voluntary church it had a claim. Enemies of Wes loyanism had often twitted its members with suffer ing under the disease of softness of the brain. But Wesloyans did much to support learning. In Tas mania, South Australia, Victoria, and New South WVales, they had colleges which university examina tions had proved to be first-class. Wesleyans also promoted literature, as their depots in the chief towns of the colonies were evidences of. Another thing which Wesloyanism might take praise to itself for, was that it had all along stood out nobly for the coaperation of the laity with the clergy. It, as a religious system, insisted that all professing members should do something, because it believed that piety and work were necessary, the one to the other. Wesloyan ministers owed a debt to class leaders that no outsider could ever understand, and if local preachers were done away with, why Wesloyanism might as well be done away with too. All he could say was, educate the preachrs, keeoop them up to the times, and there was nothing to fear. In a moral, as in a physical sense, the prophet's action should be imitated. It was necessary to throw the whole living body of faith and love upon the great dead body of the world, if we hoped for good.- Not churches, not ministers, notlearning, not eloquence, but holy lives were in deed and in truth real Chris tianity. (Loud applause.) He would conclude by introducing Mr. Davies to the meoting-(ohoers) and calling upon him to lay the foundation-stone. Mr. 'Davies, having first been presented by the Rev. Mr. Pincombo with a small silver trowel, said: In the cavity beneath this stone I am about to lay this bottle, which contains a copy of the Yass Courier and a manuscript with the names of the ministers of the district and circuit and of the oflico-bearers. It is hardly necessary for 'me to say that there is no coin in the bottle. I have heard, of foundation-stones being removed to extract the coin laid there; but in the present day a better principle is adopted, and that is not to place the coin under the stone but on it. (Laugh tor.) The stone was then lowered into its position, and Mr. Davies said:-This corner-stone of a building to be erected for the worship of God according to the tenets of Wesleyanism I lay in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, one God. Mr. Davies then addressed the assemblago. He said it would be unpardonable for him to keep them long under the broiling heat; but he could not re frain from expressing his deep sense of thankfulness to the minister and office-bearers of the Yass circuit for the distinguished honor they had done him in selecting him to lay the foundation-stono of their new church. It was not however the first time that he had been selected for such an honor, for he had on more than one occasion laid the foundation-stones of buildings erected for the worship of God, and also of others intended to promote secular education. As the prosent members of 'a committee represented that committee, so he dared say that those who were listening to him might fairly he sup posed to represent the Christianity of Yasa. And he also believed that they had not met together out of a mere spirit of idle curiosity, but to promote an object tending to the common good and to sympathiso with Wesleyanism. He had recently heard it stated that commerce always followed the British flag. He was glad to see the union-jack above him, because it was the flag of a country which more than any other had ever had in view the extension of Christianity. If it was true that commerce followed the flag of Britain, he could more safely say that all that is prosperous follows the bloodestained banner of Jesus. .He would conclude his. remarks by urging those present to liberality. He would promise them this, that if anyone should over find himself worse off by a con tribution given that day, he would himself make up the loss; or if anyone on his death-bed was afflicted in conscience with the rocollectioh of contributions made that day, he would himself repay the amount to that person's heirs or executors. He was cure none wore so poor as to be unable to contribute at all, and there could be but few who were unwilling, towards an object having for. its aim the preaching of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. (Applauso.) In a few minutes, £50 was laid upon the stone. A doxology having been sung, and the benedic tion pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Pincombo, the as somblago dispersed. TBA-3EETINQO. At seven o'clock, a large number of those inter eated in the success of the Wesleoyan cause met in the hall of the mechanics' institute, which had been gaily decorated for the occasion. After the good things provided by the ladies connected with the Wesleyan congregation had been enjoyably dis cussed, a hymn sung, and a prayer delivered by the Rov. Mir. Stead, Mlr. Davies was voted into the chair. The Chairman said he had great pleasure in meet so many friends in the noble ball of the Yass mechanics' institute. Although all presentworonot Wesleyans, he yet thought it would not be imperti nence for him to give some slight sketch of Wesloyan progress since 1855. In 1855 there were in Aus tralia 10,000 members of the Wesleyan Methodist body; 83,000hearors; 878ohurcebs; tll ministers; 429 Sunday-schools, and 10,643 Sunday soholare. In 1860 there were 55,000 members; 164,000 hearers; 2128 churches; 208 ministers; 1876 Sunday-schools, and 10,643 Suinday scholars. Ho considered these facts were eminently satisfactory. He felt certain that one ohuroh never grew at the expense of another, but that co-operation was bene ficial. He would earnestly beg his young friends to attend to the development of their physieal, mental, and moral powers, to improve their minds and take care of their hearts. And on all he would impress. the value of work, unanimous work, as the best menns for furthering the prosperity of society. All should unite to help to liberate mind and heart. The Rov. MIr. Stead said that if there was no unity there could be no power, and if no power, no proa perity. He earnestly recommended conscientious and systematic giving as a sure means of raising the funds necessary for carrying on their work. The Rev. yMr. Gibson had much pleasure in meet ing his Wesleyan friends. He was always glad to show his sympathy with the views of those who in common with himself acknowledged the vital prin ciples of gospel truth. The Rev. Mr. Robson said that he had once con iedered that the Yass Weeloyans were possessed of the grace of humility, oving to their having selected the lowest part of the town for their church. He now could sea that they had the graces of faith and courago as well when they ventured into debt to. build a now one. He hoped that the church would in design be worthy not only of Yass how, but of that future period when Yass shall have eclipsed Goulburn. (Laughter.) The Rev. Mr. Curnow said that he did not like to hear young ministers talk of their church as the only possible true one. He would not like to 'say that his wifo was the beautifulost of all women in the world, though objectively he considered she would pass muster. But he hold that she was the besoot for him. So he conceived should people think of their church. As he was addressing a mixed audience, ho would remind them of a Quakelr who conseientiously refused to subscribe towards the building of a new episcopal steeple, but who was quite willing to subscribe to the pulling down of'the old one; so as some of his hearers might object to contribute to the collection about to be made for the building of the now church, he would give them the hint that contributions towards pulling down the old church would be equally acceptable. (Ap plause.) A collection was then made, realising, as we are given to understand, about £20. After the usual votes of thanks, &o.;, the meeting terminated. 