GREECE. THE FRENCH MINISTER has notified to the Greek Government that sbould French sub jects be seized by brigands, the Government " itself would be called upon to pay whatever ransom might be demanded. SHAMPOOING A SAITOH.-William Gill, a sunburnt, hardy mariner, was charged at the Thames Office the other day with being drunk and disorderly, and wilfully breaking a looking-glass and a glass water bottle, the property of Mark Goldstein, a hairdresser, of Well Street.-The prisoner, who was more than " half-seas " over, rolled into the bar ber's shop with a formidable beard like a shoe-brush stuck beneath his nose, and a head of hair resembling a bundle of well tarred and stiff oakum, on which he had been in the practicc of wiping his hands during a long voyage to Melbourne, Cochin, and other places and back. The sailor demanded a shave and a shampoo. The barber essayed the difficult task of making an impression on the well-cultivated and hardy beard and tarry mop of the mariner, and with the aid of a strong lather of hot water, soap, and salts of tartar, managed to penetrate the beard, spoiling half-a-dozen razors, and to shampoo the sailor's head of hair and tar, and turned him out like any " ron gentle man." The inebriated son of Neptune was, however, not at all pleased at the change, and swore that the barber bad spoiled bis figurehead, and made him look like a lialfr starved monkey in a fit. In vain the barber protested that the sailor was eo vastly im proved in appearance that he was fit for the drawing-room of the most polished court in Europe. The sailor swore be would be revenged for the transformation, capsized _ everything in the place, and broke a looking glass and other things- He was secured by a police constable and taken to the station. He now expressed his regret, and said he was a homeward-bounder, and was to be paid on April 23. The magistrate advised the barber not to shampoo a drunken sailor again, and fined the defendant os. and ordered him I to pay 7s 6d for the damage he had done. THE DOWAGER MARCHIONESS OF SALISBURY, who is about to be married to Lord Derby, is the second daughter of the late Karl de la Warr, and sister to the present peer of that title and to Lord Buckhurst. Her ladyship was born in 1824, and was married in 1847 to the late Marquis of Salisbury, who died in April, 1868. There are three sons and two daughters the issue of this marriage, the youngest of whom was born in 1854. Lord Derby is now 44 years of age. DEATH OF A CELEBRATED RACING SIRE. The death is announced of the celebrated racing sire Stockwell. The cause of death was inflammation of the inner coating of the intestines. Stockwell was taken ill on May 3, and died two days afterwards, having baffled the skill of Mr Ellis, tbe eminent veterioary surgeon of Liverpool, who, assist ed by Griffiths, Mr Naylor's stud-groom, did all that was possible to save tbe horse's life. With a view of having his skeleton set up hereafter, Stockwell has been buried in lime in Hooton Park. THE "AULD CLAY BIGGIN" where the "blast o' Januar' win" blew hansel in on Robin," is being keep ifi most excellent con dition by its present curators. It has just been put in order for the inspection of sum mer visitors, the nnmber of whom increase year by year, and they will doubtless recog nise the scrupulous care which prevents its dilapidation. SIR ROGER TICHBORNE.-In the Court of Bankruptcy, on April 22, an application was mhde in the matter of Sir Roger Tichborne, for an injunction to restrain further proceed ings on the part of two of his creditors, who had petitioned for an adjudication of bank ruptcy against the baronet, Sir Roger has filed a petition for an arrangement of his affairs. Tbe Chief Judge ordered that pro ceedings ehould be stayed until April 25, when further arguments were heard, and the chief Judge refused the application. After this decision the proceedings in bankruptcy will not be further delayed. A NEW FIELD OF COAL has been discover- ed in Rawyards, about a mile from Airdrie. The coal is said to be of a very valuable des- cription, almost equal, it is believed, to the Lesmahagow gas coal. A SPECIMEN LABOURER -On May 2, at tbe Uxbridge Sessions, a case was heard in which two carters, named John Saunders and Thomas Hammond, of Loudwaters, Burks, were charged with assaulting atoll taker. Mr Baker Smith, for the defence, wished to call one defendant to give evidence in behalf of the other. The bench acquiesc ed, and Hammond was put in the witness box, when the following strange colloquy took placeThe Clerk-From what I know of this class of men I think I must hesitate before swearing him. (To Witness)-Do you know the nature of an oath ? Witness (rubbing his head)-I dun'no wbatyoa mean. The Clerk-Can you read-have you read the Bible ? Witness-no. The Clerk-Can you write? Witness-no. The Clerk Well, you know your name; how ao you spell that? Witnsss I dun'no. The Clerk -Have you ever been to church ? Witness -Yes, once or twice when I was a young'un. The Chairman-We cannot take that man's evidence, Mr Smith. Mr Smith- But, sir, he cannot be so bad as that. I will put the questions in a different form. ("To witness) ISow, my man, tell me, do you believe in future rewards and punishments ? Witness seemed more perplexed thau ever, and did not answer. Mr Smith-Come, have you neverheard of a God or a devil ? Witness I dun'no. Mr Smith-Do you know how old you are? Witness-I be more nor twenty. Mr Smith-I think I must give him up, your worships. The " witness " was then ordered to stand down. The intellectual I specimen of humanity (and there are many | like him in Bucks), is in the employ ojF a Mr Roberts, haydealer, and of Loud water. THE COLONIAL CLUB.-This club is a great s.access. Its preliminary list of 300 members is being rapidly filled up, and for convenience of premises and elegance of furniture and decoration it is quite equal to any of the other West End clubs. The cuisine is man aged to perfection. The members who have joined belong to the highest class, including names eminent in colonial politics, commerce, the learned professions, and the naval and military service. A RELIGIOUS CODSTST.-A contemporary says:-There is no country in the world as re ligious aB Scotland; between the ministers preacing to the congregations and tbecongrega tions to the ministers they haveacquired habits of decorum and propriety, more especially in their method of observing Sundays and fast days, which naturally make them an example for other nations to admire and follow if they can. CASHMERE GOATS.-About 2,000 Cashmere goats in the coursc of transmission, via Fly- : month, to the Cape of Good Hope. One ; hundred and fifty have already arrived, and . are at present detained in a warehouse at the 1 Great Western Docks, in that town, await- | ing the continuation and completion of their J long journey by the mail boat due in the' course of a few days. The animals were shipped at Constantinople, and wjere convey ed.by a Russian steamer thence to Plymouth. The consignment is being made for breeding purposes, and consists entirely of male animals. In appearance the Cashmere goat is considerably smaller in every way than the kindred creature indigenous to this country; the hair, too, is finer and more flossy, and hangs in wavy locks over the body, while the horns are twisted in such a degree as in some cases to be almost spiral and they spring from the head nearly at a tangent. THE POPE'S GOLDEN ROSE.- The Empress of Austria is said to be much perplexed by the intimation that the Pope intends to bestow on her the Golden IJose. She has a supersti tion on the subject, as it prored unfortunate to Queen Jsabella of Spain. She cannot re fuse, and is unwilling to accept it, and has asked Prince Liechtenstein to arrange the affairs with Cardinal Antonelli. THE FENIANS.-The London correspondent of the Dublin Express states that "theGo vernment have received information that a number of Fenians have arrived in London from America, and that Colonel Fraser,of the City of London police, warned the pro prietors of the Times that an attack might be made upon the office of that journal, and of course precautions have been taken to frustrate the attempt, should it be made. Siuce t hen the police have been engagedin tak ing down the names of persons living at all the regular lodging-houses in the metropolis. The Eaetern Post states that a body of de tectives have been ordered to watch the Pall Mall Gazette office, to guard against an apprehended Fenian outrage." M. EMILE OLUVXEK has addressed a letter to the Moniteur Universe!, in reply to the demand of that journal, calling upon the Government to declare that it will not be driven into reaction in its measures of resis tance necessitated by enemies whom it be lieved appeased by an unexampled clemency and conciliation. The Minister of Justice askes if there exists in Europe a single country in which the Government could be spoken of as the Emperor's Government has been spoken of during the last eight days. The Government has said to the people, 'Neither reaction nor revolution, but liberty !'" M. E. Ollivier says in conclu sion ^-" Liberty would not only be endang ered if the people were to receive coldly the liberal Plebiscite ; but if it is welcomed, as I am sure it will be, by an immense majority, liberty is then irrevocably established under the guardianship of Napoleon." The affected sternness of Lord Granville in denying pecuuiary aid to New Zealand in her distress has at last succumbed to the pre severing arguments of Messrs Featberstone and Bell, and these gentlemen may be con gratulated on having obtained a victory. The Government having consented to waive the principle of refusing a guarantee to a colonial loan, it was miserable statesmanship to quarrel whether the amount should be a million or half a million. And yet haggling on this point was persisted in by Lord Gran ville up to the last moment. The Commis sioner refused to entertain an offer of a guarantee of half a million but consented to forward the proposal of this minor account to their Government, which they did by telegram on May 14, in order to overtake the steamer at Galle. Lord Granville agre ed subsequently to concede the guarantee of of a million on condition that half should be spent in construction of roads, so as to give, amongst other things, employment to the friendly Maories, aud the other half for im migration purposes. The fact is that his lordship found out that the Commissioners were in earnest, and that the talk about submitting an ultimatum of assistance or separation of New Zealand from the mother couutry, was not all moonshine. Messrs Featherstone and Bell were to be seen smil ing aud happy at the State Ball at Bucking ham Palace on May 17; and thus ends this " strange eventful history!" ROOKS FOB NEW ZEALAND.-The follow ing appears in Land and Water:-"Sir, Mr Bartlett want a quantity of live young rookB to send out to colonise New Zealand. I hope to aid this good movement by sending him my contingent, and if other proprietors of rookeries near London would also assist, I am sure their contributions would be most thankfully received; and how pleasing it would be in after years to think that the rooks from such and such a rookery helped to people one of our greatest possessions. F. H. Salvia. ! Colonel Finnis, late Resident of the Great Northern Territory, and formerly Treasurer of South Australia, arrived in England the other day by the Orient. A FAMILY PABTF.-correspondent of an American paper " took tea," with a Mor mom elder at Salt Lake City the other day, at which six wives " presided," and twenty seven children 6at round the table. ALIVE IS THE DEAD-HOUSE.-The San Francisco Alta California gives an aceount of a. German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediate ly removed and placed in the dead-house at tached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment:-" The body was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. Tho cover was put on and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About midnight a loud I screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead- house was sought after, but, being aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let ! the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to pro ceed to the dead-bouse and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keep er fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as be went. Some more courage" ous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, but the next instant the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to conscious ness we give as. he tojd it himself. Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor came to me and said I vas very sick He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in de night and there vas no light. I put out my haud, ' and I could get no bed clothes, for I vis cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bed clothes, and, och, rat you think I got vy a ded man-! Dere he vos, cold enongh sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and 1 vas going avay by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a board that was covering me. " Oh," said I, " rot does this me#n, vere am IP Am I ded?" and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but gobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not shure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I j ran till I vas caught.. Then I fainted, and ; ven I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here.'" ! EMIGRATION TO AUSTRALIA.-The Times has lately published an article on emigration, which called forth the following remarks from ! a correspondent :-r-" You say that if the Gov ernment of Great Britain assist the emigra tion of such ' as the Australian colonies desire j to obtain' we shall be depriving ourselves of 1 ' good citizens.' To that I demur. It seems to me that, whether a man lives in Middles? sex or in South Australia, he is equally a cit izen of the British Empire. You remark that the recipients of parophial charity would not suit the colonies, and doubt whether the act ual stream of emigration does not represent the full volume of the natural outflow. No doubt, as you say, the best emigrants are those who can travel at their own cost. But 1 can assure you-and this is the reason of my troubling you with this communication, for which I earnestly beg a corner in your col umns-that there are, at this moment, many men who have all the qualities of first-rate emigrants, who etill not only have not the means of paying the passage of themselves and their families to the colonies, but are on the verge of starvation through their reluc tance to become the recipients of parochial relief. Allow me to give you an instance. I met one day in the streets of London a working man of respectable appearance, a journeyman painter several weeks out of work and who bad sought work in vain. IJis wife was expecting to be confined, and she had badly scalded her h&nd.; On inquiry I found not only that his statements were correct, but that lie bore a vpry high character. He would have liked to emigrate to an English colony (not to the fJnfted States, for he wish ed to be an Englishman), but he had not the means. He thought that if he could buy a barrow and scales he pould make his living. I advanced him a few pounds for the purpose and he is now makiqgj 18,s per week, But the point of the story is that he has been al most starving himself to repay me the money I advanced him. Now, I maintain thgt this man was a desirable emigrant, and that he is also ' surplus population.' For where are you to draw the line ? Must a man be oxjp morjth or six months, of a year out of work before he is 4 surplus ?' The cost of living co,tues too near a man's earnings, especially ;n the large towns, to enable him to live long witfvr .out work. And Burely we panmrt wonder that a man should hope for soqie weeks to be able to obtain work from one pf his former employers. But when he ha% for $ome time hoped against hope, where are (lis funds for emigrating? We maintain felons in, luxury (if we can compare a gaol to the usual habi tations of criminals). Paupers, many of whom are idle vagabonds, are much better off in the workhouse than honest and industrious lab ourers, And are we not to risk the advance of a few pounds sterling to a man who shudr ders at the idea of being a pauper, and who would no sooner be a felon than the highest in the land-a risk which I believe might, with proper management, be -infinitesimal P And should we not be proud of and encour age the desire of these men to remain citizens of the British Empire, rather than become members of a community whose interests on many points differ from ours. CANADIAN I eons AND.-Is Canada about compete with New Zealand and her Taranaki ironsand, from which the well-known Tarana ki steel is produced ? Prof. Sterry Hunt, of the University of Montreal, reports that de posits of magnetic ironsand " practically in exhaustible " occupy a large extent of the north shore of the St. Lawrence below Que bec ; that tbey appear in placeB between Que bec and Montreal, on the borders of Lake. Erie, and at the outlet of Lake Huron. Quan tities of this sand have been smelted and con verted into iron of gpod quality; but it is es sential that all the non-metallic particles be carefully separated. To effect this separation Dr Laure, of the Naval University, Quebec, haB invented a magnetic machine which will separate from the whole mass of sand poured through it twenty-four tons in twenty-four hours. Ten such machines can, it is said, be managed by two men; but we must suppose that water or some other motive power is also employed. With these abundant supplies of sand, will Canada be able to manufacture rails for the projected railway across to British Columbia ? That the present is the iron age becomes more and more apparent. Coal and iron have been recently discovered forming enormous deposits in the Baton Hills, Colo rado. THE SUEZ CANAL.-Like submarine cableB, says the Bulliohist, the Suez Canal is disturb ing trade. People hardly know what to be about for the present, but the success of M. Lesseps' scheme is steadily dawning upon the commercial mind, and it is not difficult to see that it must before long be the route to India for important cargoes. The French Mail Company are running special steamers at freights probably averaging 1 per cent. lesB then the charge by the English overland mail service. The directors of the Peninsu lar and Oriental Steam Company are, how eFer, on the alert. At present they are bound by the mail contracts to the old route, and there can hardly yet be sufficient demand for freight to warrant the running of duplic ate services from Southampton-one via Suez. It must, however, come to this. The following, sayB the Times, is a remark able instance of the advantages, to the trad ing communities of this country of the open ing of India and the East for traffic by means of the new route through the Suez Canal: i "The steamship Danube, consigned to | Messrs Stoddart Brothers, of Liverpool, sail ed from Bombay on the 12th of February last, Her cargo consisted of 4,000 bales of cotton, which was. discharged at the Albert Dock in the unprecedentedly short Bpace of nine hours.. Messrs Learoyd Brothers, cot ton spinners, Grove Mills, Huddersfield, re ceived, through Messrs R. Hooton & Co., a few bales, of this eotton at their miles on Friday, the 25th. They lost no time in.put ting it into work, and on Tuesday, the 29th of March, sapmles of yarn manufactured from it were sent out by the ^Danube on her return journey, by the same route, to the Chambers of Commerce in Bombay, Singa pore, Shanghai, Hong-kong, and Yokohama -the whole time elapsing from the vessel leaving Bombay to her again sailing from Liverpool with ft fall cargo being 45 days, the voyage alonebythe ordinary sailing route round the cape, usually averaging 100 to 130 day. A NEW POSTAX, Contbovxbst.-The con troversy into which the Post Office has £0$ with certain foreign and colonial news agencies is not very creditable to the depart ment. They have announced somewhat sud denly a resolution to make 4 oz. the maxi mum weight of all single newspapers ; aenjfc abroad or to the colonies, and to reduce the size of parcels to about a fourth of tbp pre sent limit. The result Is, remarks the Economist, that loud and grievonB complaint* are raised-and we must say very justly by those engaged in transmitting newspap ers to the colonies. They have made obn* tracts for supplying the trade at one rate ojf postal charge, and with a high maximum weight for the parcels; and all at once they find the charge in many cases practically doubled, while they are involved in more pense by the multiplication of parcels. So sudden a change, even if the object were a good one,'is inexcusable. The defence of the department-that it was desirable^ to in troduce uniformity-is no excuse forfinfling people in business, which is thenecesiuiry and alwasy foreseeable effect of suddenly altering the conditions of trade.. The case is all die worst for the department that it had ample warning and still preserved Wiethe change. We doubt very much, moreover, whether the desire for uniformity in this case will not permanently be mischievous. The increase of postage is really rerygreat on heavy newspapers for India and tiieEist ; and doubly heavy when such newspapers are sent by Brindisi. Such an increase. is decidedly in the wrong direction at a time when the announcement is made that the Go vernment is to" yield to Sfr Graves-a con-, cession we are glad to notice-in the matter of inland postage upon printed matter. 