PARENTS AND PUBLIC SCHOOLS. The following correspondence respecting Roman Catholic patents being prohibited from sending their children to Public Schools was moved for in September last, by Mr. Fainell, and the documents have been printed by order : — The Acting Secretary, Council of Education, to the Principal Under Secretary. Onuncil of Education Office. Sydney, 17th October, 1870. Sir,— In accordance with the request contained in your letter of the 24th September hist, I have the honour, by direction of the Council of Education, to forward here with copies of all documents in the possession of the Coun cil relating to parents being prohibited from sending their children to the Public Schools.— I have, &c;, B. B. Webster, Acting Secrotary. Extract from letter of the Teacher of the Public Scheol at Brookfleld, dated 14th June, 1870. ' In the case cf a Mrs. Johnson, who had children at me ulenwimum ruonc ocnooi, ± DeiieFe mey reiusea io give her Church rites, or baptize her infant, till she would give them a pledge that she would remove her small chil dren from the Glcnwilliam Public Schoel, and send them a distance of three or nearly four miles (little children wanting boots) to Clarence Town Romish Denominational &»hool, and poor Mrs. Johnson felt so acutely in the case that she wept in the presence ot some ot tne people tnere assembled. B.C.— Inspector to obtain evidence as to teacher's state ment respecting the case of Mrs. Johnson.— B. E. W., 20-7-70. Memorandum to the Acting Secretary, replying to the Acting Secretary's B.C., dated 20-7-7S. I beg to forward herewith a letter from the teacher of the Glewilliam Public school, and to state that, in iny opinion, the contents ore in strict accordance with the farts of the case. 2\. In other places in my district the effect of the Biehop of Maiilond's imperative charges are equally evident. I have previously reported this in a memorandum upon the Homan Catholic clergyman's visit to the PlattEburg Public ECiJOOl. 3\. In the vicinity of 'Wollsend there are just a few parents who yet dare to exercise their own opinion ; and in numerous instances, even though they have submitted to ihe pressure brought to bear upon them, the parents have inioimed the teachers from whom the children have been tabis, fliat they are very Bony to be under the necessity, but lhat they '? cannot stand up against the Priest.' J. Yt . Alli-ass, Inspector of Schools, Newcastle District, Mr. A. K. Roberts to the Inspector of Schools, Newcastle District. Public School, Glcnwilliam, 1st August, 1870. Sir, — In answer to jour note of the 26th July, I have the honour to inform you as follows : — 1\. Mrs. Johnson's children attended my school up to the 24th June. As cone came (luring the first week of the present quarter I made inquiries as to the cause of non attesdnnce, and was informed by the eldest girl that they were kepi at home to cut down cornstalks, 2\. On receipt of yournote I purposed visiting Mr, John son's on Saturday, and woe on the point of starting when Mrs. Johnson called at the school to pay her fee account. I asked her if it were true that she had taken the children away from my school again, and sent them to the Roman Catholic Denominational School at Clarence Town. She said tbat they had not been sent to that school yet, but that she should have to send them, as the Bishop said she must. Tbat on several occasions she had told the Bishop she would not remove them, but that her husband being at a meeting in Brcokfield, tho Bishop had made ft'' promise to send them to Ur. Eiekey. I then asked Mrs. Johnson if the Bishop had threatened them with deprivation of Church rites. She replied that he had, and for no other cause would she have removed the children from this school. Also, that she determined to send one daughter, Elizabeth, to her aunt's (Mrs. Seymour's) to live, so that, she could attend my school as before. \- -8. -Tlio tUttanw trail Mn. Juunson'6 1o the B. C. Denominational School, Clarence Town, is about three milts. — I have, &c;, A. R. RorjEBTS. The Acting Secretary, Council of Education, to the Bishop of Wait land. Council of Education Office, «,? r j „. , r, 6.Td'eyj 2nd September, 1870. My Lord Bishop,— I have the honour, by direction of tbe Council of Education, to acquaint your lordship that it has come to the Council's knowledge that at Newcastle and other places in your lordship's diocese, Koman Catholic parents have been constrained, under pain of being de prived of tbe rites of the Church, to withdraw their chil dren from Public schools, in direct opposition to their expressed wish to continue them at such schools. 'L The Council would be glad to learn whether your lordship has directed the course which has been taken is the withdrawal of these pupils from the Public schools. I have, ttc, B. E. Websteb, Acting Secrotary. The Bishop of Maitland to (he Council of Education. West Maitland, 8th September, 1870. Gentlemen. — I bee tn nplmnwlMicrA +Tm nmhW a# «?;.„?. letter of the 2nd instant, in which you inform me that it has come to the knowledge of the Council of Education that Catholic parents at Newcastle and other places in this diocese have been constrained, under pain of being deprived of the rights of the Church, to withdraw' their children from Public schools, in direct opposition to their wish, and y ou ask me to acquaint you if I have directed Buch aooutse to be token. . In reply, allow me to say that Newcastle ie not ii my jurisdiction; any communication you may have to make in ref i rence to that place should be addressed to the Vener able Archbishop of Sydney. With regard to other places which you do not name, and which you suppose are in this diocese, I have to express my regret that the terms of your letter render it impossible for me to give you an answer,-as a reply from me to a ques tion affecting the relations that exist between mo and the Catholics of the diocese, over which the Holy Ghost has placed me, would seem to admit that the Council had a nglittoputtomeEUch an extraordinary question. It is tcarcely necessary for me to say that, apart from the offence which such a question implies, I as a Catholic Bishop, trnnot recognise Buch an assumption of authority by tho Council of Education. ' * As, however, the Council of Education may simply seek for information on the views held by me with regard to (he Public Schools, and on the obligations of Catholic pnrents to withdraw their children from those schools, «here books must be read by them which were compiled for tie avowed purpose of undermining their faith, I shall in mat case be most nappy to comply with your request ; and any communication having due regard to the rights and duties of my position as a Catholic Bishop, and not nasrepresenting tho action which I and my clorpy may feel bound to lake, in order to protect the religious interests of our Catholic people, and to save the faith of their children from tie dangers of mixed schools,— shall com mand my best attention and most earnest consideration. Allow me to add, that your letter renders evident a great vraiit m the Council which you must fee!, and to which public nttention haB been frequently directed, namely, the ubEcnce of a Roman Catholic, who would toko part in your deliberations, and whoso counsel would no doubt be of the protest benefit to you in your correspondence witii the licadB of his Church on educational subjects. I have, ite, t James Mujuui, Biehop of Maitland, Te hooTi Aoaik.— The following doubtful looking pnii.gniiili . is going the round? of (lie New Zealand jjujjers :— ' To Eooii ie attacking the friandly natives »(;ain, und hat killed or wounded a large number of them.' 11ns report comcB from a nativo at tho Thames, who n ached bhortland on the 11th October. A Thames paper states that Te Kooti, with his toco, mmehod agunst a Ui-dy of friendly natives, consisting partly of Poverty Buy natives, and partly of Kgatjkahungangu. Tho friendly nuiivcB were drawn up on each side of a cullv into which le Kooti marched, by special direction of his god. To \\.oi.u. acting under direction, commanded his men to fire t the right, when the uiajoriiyqf the friendly natives on that tiile foil killed or wounded, Tc Kooti tlion ordored tbcm (o fire to the loft, with a similar result, and thus the victory was gained. To Kooti then left his former placs, and went over to Tuhua, a settlement beyond Tokringa Diulu, and he hoe, it is ssid, rnaele pesos with tho King, and come to Kttne agreement with him aB to the policy to be lursued,' * * ' 