Religious. Congregational.— Ordination Service. — On Tues day evening, Mr. William Bradley was ordained to the work of the Christian Ministry, in connection with the Congregational denomination. The service took place in : the Waterloo Church, of which Mr. Bradley has had the pastoral charge for some months past. The building was crowded, and many persons were unable to obtain admis sion. A hymn having been sung, the Rev. T. Roseby, B.A., read several portions of Senpture, having especial reference to the work of the Christian ministry. Prayer was then offered by the rev. gentleman. The Rev. J. G. Fraser, M.A., next addressed the congregation, anent the constitution of tho Congregational Church, giving an expo sition of its leading principles. Another hymn was sung. The Rev. T. Gainford, then, on behalf of the ministers and Church, submitted questions to the candidate for ordination, in reference to his religious experience, his views of Christian doctrine, and his reasons for preferring the ministry of the Congregational denomi nation. These having been answered at some length by Mr. Bradley, the Church, by a unanimous Bhow of hands, formally renewed its call to him to assume the pastorate, which he thereupon accepted. The Rev. T. Johnson then offered prayer, and, with the other ministers present, laid hands on Mr. Bradley, ordaining him' to the work of the Ministry. After the singingof another hymn, the Rev. John Graham ascended the pulpit, and, having read a portion of the 20th chapter .of the Acts of the Apostles, delivered an impressive charge to the newly-ordained minister from the words, ' Take need therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath made you over seers, to feed the Church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.' Addressing the congregation, Mr. Graham said he rejoiced in the singularly clear and scriptural statement of experience, and doctrine, and Church polity that had been given by their minister to-night. He had been at many ordi nations, but he had never been at one where he had heard given a statement that was more clear, comprehensive, and Scriptural. He rejoiced in this, and also in the fact that he had notonlv the confidence but tho love of all his ministerial brethren. There was not a minister in their body who did not esteem and love their pastor. The rev. gentleman then at considerable length delivered his pastoral charge ; and the service was afterwards concluded with the doxology and benediction. Young Men's Christian Association. — Tlio annual tea and public meeting in connection with tho above association were held On Monday' evening last at the City Mission Cbnpel, comer of Liverpool and Sussex streets. There was a good attendance at the tea, and the meeting which followed, although it is believed had tho weather been at all promising there would have been many more present. The tea, which was well served,, passed off satisfactorily. The public mooting was presided over by Mr. IV. J. Foster, who in (in interesting address, oBuded to the importance of Christian Young Men's Associations ; their utility in directing the earthly course of members not only to thoir own lasting benefit but iu many eases to that of others ; and also to the claims for aBsistanoe and co oueration which as an instrument of good, they possessed from the communities in which thoy might be situatod. The chairman further alluded .to the progress of kindred associations in Europe and America ; and to the attention which from their evangelising objects they were there demanding end having conceded to them. As a sign of their extension throughout civilized nations ho spoke of the great annual Conference of the associations whioh was lat hold in Dublin, at which were present deputies sot only from Great Britain and Ireland, but from America and eome of tho Continontal nations of Eutopo. Mr. Foster then called upon Mr. E. Dowling, the hon. secretary of the Sydney Association, who read the annual report. The report reviewed the history of tho association, which was formed in 1863, and stated that 809 yopug men had since been enrolled in connection thorowith. Under tho auspices of the young men who formed the ossociatioD, breakfast meetings hod been held for tho last' nine years on the last Sunday in. each month, and ou other special occa sions. The association gavo thanks to the ministers of various denominations who had presided and E'ye:) their assistance at these meetings. The book stall held at tho late Centenary Exhibition was particu larised in the report which mentioned th it it had been very successful — some thousands of moral u'.yi scientific publications having been disposed of, to visiters from all parts of the colony ; and a number of exhibition pnpers on social science subjects printed and distributed. Thanks were awarded to many kind friends who had assisted by contributions and otherwise towards the erection of the Exhibition pavilion, nnd in the printing and bookselling operations. Communications had been re ceived from tho secretary of tho Dublin Association in troducing Mr. R. L. Murray (who had been a delegate at the late Conference of Christian Young Men's Associ ations held, iu that city), and from tho secretary of the London Society forwarding a parcel of books. Mr. N. J. Crocker, as treasurer, then road the balance-sheet of tho association, which showed that a small balance to tho credit of the society remained in his hands.^ Addresses, having reference to the utility and the mission of Chris tian Young Men's Associations were delivered by Messrs. . S. H. Lewis, Samuel Goold, H. B. Lee, R. L. Murray, W. S. Buzacott, A. Allen, T. Griffiths, and by the Rev. Robert Lewers. The proceedings were terminated about 10 o'clock, with a vote of »b«nlr« re the chairman, and tho benediction. Weslbyan Sunday Schools.— The anniversary of the Sunday School Union in connection with the Cen tenary Church, York-street, was on Monday celebrated by a tea meeting in the schoolrooms, York-street, followed by a public meeting, the chair of wnich was filled by Mr. J. R. Linsley, who, after a few introductory remarks, called upon Mr. J. Kendall, the general secretory, to read the report for the half- year ending the 30th Septefnber. In the York-street school are 240 scholars, tho average atten dance being 164 ; . in Prince-street ' school .are 86, with an average attendance of 52; and in Pyrmont Bchool are 76, with an average attendance of 60. In connection with York-street school are twenty-four teachers, in Prince-street seven, and in Pyrmont five. The libraries of the several schools are well sustained, and that they are highly appreciated by the scholars is evidenoed by a considerable demand for fhe books. The committee con clude their report by reminding parents that Sunday school instruction does not, nor is intended to supersede parental supervision and instruction, that they may not devolve their responsibilities upon any other, and express their fervent desire and hope that parents will co-operate with the teachers in conveying to their children that in struction on which the happiness of both young and old depend. The Revs. F. Brentnall, F. Firth, IV. J. K. Piddington, and Gaud having addressed tho meeting on subjects connected with Snnday school work, the Rev. R. Sellors moved,—' That the cor dial thanks of this meeting are hereby presented to the ladies for their kindness in providing tea,' which was seconded by Mr. 'Wilson, end wob unanimously passed. On the motion of Mr. B. James, jun., seconded by Mr. Ferrier, it was resolved, — ' That the hearty thanks of this meeting be given to the committee, the superintendents, and officers ana teachers for their services; and that the following persons be the committee for the ensuing year: — Messrs. C. Boris, Sliirlow, S. E. Lees, Julius, Brighton, Thurston, 'Wright, Kerr, Brown, L. Kendall, S. Beaney, C. II. Sliaw, J. T. Danne, Morrison, B. James, jun., J. R, Linsley, B. Ikin, with the superintendents, the secretaries, and the Officers of the schools : Mr. John Kendall, general secretory ; Mr. J. Clarke, treasurer ; Mr. B. James, jun., general visitor.' ' A vote of thanks was passed to and acknowledged by the chairman, a doxology was sung, and the meeting wsb closed by the Rev. H. H. Gaud pronounc ing the benediction. 