.'' ' — ? ? ? ' : ' Writ of Attachment— A marriage certificate. A ^terrible Bore— The inside of a 15-inch gun.' ' .'?' . '?? ? ?'.''?.? :'.- When is an alderman like a ghost!— When he is a goblin (gobbling). ' ' . ' ' '' -Why is a cow's tail like a swan's breast ? — -Because it grows down. : Why do ladies like a north-east wind?— Because it brings chaps to' their lips.. ' I see you're on the watch,' as the thief said to the guard-chain. Why is a list of musical composers like a saucepan? — Because it is incomplete without a HandeL Teacher : Gerty, you were a very good girl to-day. — Gerty : Yes,: ma'am ; I couldn't help being good. 1 had a stiff neck. ' 'I have very little respect for the ties of this world,'.' as the chap said when the rope was put around, his neck. . ? . ., : . ? ,:?_.? Cuffy said he would rather die in % railroad smash-up than' a steamboat bnst-np, for this reason :' If you gets off and- smashed tip, dar you is 1 but ii you gets bio wed up .on the boat, wharisyou?''' ' ! Saducee os Phabiseb. — A pretty girl said to a' wit, 'I am very sad you see.' He replied, 'Oh, bo ;, ypu belong to the other Jewish sect ; you are very fair I iseel' ** Where shall: I put this paper so as to be sure of seeing it to-morrow?' enquired Mary Jane of her brother Charles.-' On the looking glass,'- was the reply. -,.;'? : ' : The financial editor of the Bennihgton San ner reports marriages dull, engagements de pressed, courtships *good : and : prime, scandal overs£ock6d, belles plenty, beaux; scarce and of poor quality. , - . ' -s A contemporary speaks of an individual who buys ' one or two shares of stock in every rail road and bank, in order to go to all the annual elections, and eat all the annual dinners.' ' ? - When may a ship be said to be foolishly in ; love?— When she is attached to a buoy. TTiien ' madly in' love ? — When she is ankering after a heavy: swelL When ambitiously in: love?— : When she is making for a pier. ; ' , Schell, the artist,- is likewise -a punster. '?? When, with some of his brethren out sketching, one of the club proposed to remain and sketch . another landscape. ? ' On no,' said Schell, ''let's -6tch. the trkm.' A correspondent, maintains that a lady who obstinately persists in wearing hoops ought not to complain of being ridiculed. If she will make a barrel of herself she must expect- to be treated as a butt. - 'You ought to acquire the habit of being at home in the best society,' said a fashionable , aunt to an honest .nephew. 'I manage that ; easily enough,' responded the nephew, 'by ; staying at home with my wife and children.' . i An auctioneer at a late sale of antiquities j put : up a helmet with the following candid obaerva : tioh :— ' This, ladies and gentlemen, is a , helmet of Romulus, the Roman founder ; but whether he was a brass or Iron founder I cannot ItelL' . .:,-'.. . , . , : ^PA bachelor 'being asked why he did'nt marry, : answered that as the women were claiming the right to go to the poll, they, would soon claim . the right to go. courting, and that he was only ' waiting for a good offer. ? ' My dear Lucy, I am surprised at your taste ! in wearing another woman's ha&s; on your head,' said Smith to his wife. 'My dear Tom,' re , pliedthe wife, 'I am : equally astonished that you persist in wearing another sheep's wool on ' yourjback.' . ; ; A highwayman and a chimney-sweeper were condemned to be hanged at the same time at ! Tyburn— the first for an exploit on the high way, the latter for a more ignoble robbery. I ' Keep farther off, can't you?' said the high | wayman, with some disdain. ' Sir,' replied the sweep, *' I won't keep 'off ; I; have as much | right to be here as you,'- A German clock dealer sold a small clock to an Irishwoman, but he had scarcely left the : house- when she. turned it. bottom upward, and : a wire dropped from. its position, causiag the i clock to strike without intermission. There upon she ran after him, complaining in trouble, : 'Sure, an' it'scryin' after' ye already.' ; The preacher at the Chapel Royal, Savoy, re : cently alluded to the dissensions of the present 1 day, and told a story on the authority of John Henry Newman. ' A naval chaplain,' he said, ' whi had long been out of the reach of English \ theological discussion, was eagerly asked on his : return home by a partisan whether his floating chapel was High Church or Low Church? 'That,' said the chaplain, 'entirely depends on thetide.'?' Henry Brown, a poultry salesman, was fined the other day for cruelty tea number of ducks, in the shape of packing them too closely in a wooden box. It is a pity such brutality to animals cannot be punished otherwise than by the pocket. The wooden box ought to have been th.6 wrong box in this instance ; in short, as an Irishman might say, it should hava.been the stone jag, to. which he would have gladly seen him in-duck-ted. . . - . TwoScotcamen, turning the corner of a street rather sharply, came into collision. The shock was rather stunning to one of them. ? He pulled off his b\at, and laying his hand on his forehead, said, 'Sic a blow ! my heed's a' ringing 'again.' 'Nae wonder,' said his companion ; ' your heed was aye boss (empty), that makes it ring ; my heed 4isna ring a bit.' 'How could it ring,' said the ocher, 'seeing it is cracked'? Cracked vessels never ring.' . ' A stage-prompter's duty is. not to give the line but' the leading word,' when a performer wants ' his aid.1 It chanced on one occasion, during the representation of 'The Poor -Gen- tleman,' that the Worthington of the evening found his memory to fail him when he should have said, 'A gallant soldier's memory will flourish, though humble turf be osier-bound about his grave. '.7 At the word 'flourish' he hesitated. ' Osier,' cried the prompter ; on which' Worthington, drawing himself up 'with much tlignity,. proceeded as follows : — ' A gal lant soldier's memory 'Will flourish, though his father was only a hosier.' ;. .-. . At the last bill at the Hotel de Yille, in Paris, the following conversation took place be tween two ladies wb.0 had been, at school to gether, but had hot met for many years ; 'Are you1 happy?' 'I have a . good ' husband.' — 'How much does he allow you for your toilet?' ' Ten thousand francs.' — 'It isn't much,. but when one is economical— -'—' And you, my dear?' 'Ah! I. have a miser for a husband. There he is, with his bunchy red whiskers, looking at me 'with one eye closed.'— 'Why does he not look at you with both?' 'My dear, he is too much of a miser.' Mark Train says— 'The wonderful two headed girl is still on exhibition in New Eng land;! She sings duets by herself. She has a great advantage over the rest of her sex, for she never has to stop tal' ing to eat, and when she is not eating she keeps both tongues going at once. She has a lover, and the lover is in a quandary, because at one and the same moment she ac cepted him with one mouth and rejected him with the other. Us does not know which to believe. He wishes to sue for a breach of pro mise, but this is a hopeless experiment, be cause only half of the girl has ' been guilty of the breach. The -girl has two heads, four arms, an-? four legs, but only one body, and she (or they) is (or are) 17 years old. Now is she her own sister ? Is she twins ? Or, having but one body (consequently but one heart), is she strictly but one person ? If the above- named young man marries her, will he be guilty of bigamy? The double girl has only .one name, and passes for one girl; but. when she talks back and forth with herself with her two mouths, is she soliloquising ?' Does she ex pect to have one vote or two ? Has she -the same opinions as herself on all subjects ? 