Thf. letters labelled Mostyn-street, pub lished in the Age of Saturday, and pretty well understood to be manufactured in the Age office, will not have the effect of ruf fling the feathers of the intended banqueters one whit. The misstatements which they made for the purpose of disparaging the ob- ject of the banquet were too glaring to im pose on anybody. out of Castlemaine, and in Castlemaine -the .figments of the "Age find credit with no one, except perhaps with the unhappy creature who is compelled to eke ont his bread in the service of Ananias as special correspondent. There are trades and professions so vulgar and degrading that those who follow them do their best to cover themselves under the cloak of anony- nimity, and we can quite conceive that even the local representative of the Age would shrink from the threat nf having his servi tude to such a master made public. Yet it really becomes a . question how far that hu manity is not mistaken which suffers the existence of a social pest among us, that a little exposure and ventilation would get rid of for ever. . Jt. was -the Egyptians, -if we recollect rightly, who ' imposed some legal disqualification or other upon all their red-haired men ; and though the laws of modern politeness do not offer encouragement to compleiiorial legislation of this sort, it is worthy of consideration whether the office of Age correspondent should not disqualify its holder firom participation in the ameni ties which society generally allows without a murmnr. : For what does that office re quire ? Like master like man, is an old proverb, and if there is any truth in it, it is easy to understand" the qualities exacted from the- man who serves such "a master. The Age is now pretty well regarded in all quarters as the typical liar of the day, a liar of the first magnitude, like Thersites or Ferdinand Mendez Pinto, and compared with whom all other liars known to, history or fiction are mere inferior organisms, — Tritons that lie in the lower strata, and work in the cause of falsehood with less favourable . claims "to : distinction. V The lies of the "Age are not like the lies of other public liars, who are for the. most part con tent with indulging in what Byron calls the " kind mendacity of hints," and except on rare occasions seldom exceed the sug- geatio falsi or the stippretsio veri. Such delicate figures of rhetoric are altogether too superfine for this momentous liar; who lies with the lie direct, the . lie absolute, the lie repetitive ; and to whom it would be the merest solemn trifling to urge the claim of truth in any shape or form. Some men lie by saying too much, others by saying too little. The lying, of thG, Age is happily con trived to defeat any conventional standard or .value. . It is , equal to any emergency, and if therefore defies any attempt to measure it. It is here, there, and everywhere,! taking as, many shapes as Proteus, and as difficult to treat as Hysteria. Sometimes the lie is embedded in a falsified telegram ; some-: times it lurks in adistortedargument; some times in a suppressed fact ; ; and sometimes in a misrepresented one. The person who does the lies is known to be a genius of" the highest order in his peculiar walk, and it is almost as impossible to keep pace; with' him' as it would be to circumvent the reputed father of lies himself. The spear of Ithurial: would lose its virtue in his presence; for/ though detected he is never crushed ; though convicted never convinced ; though despised and derided, never ashamed of himself.: Like the insect that -naturalists tell us may! be severed into pieces, joint by joint without; being extirpatea, he is cut up and exposed to the public gaze to-day only to; return to the enjoyment of his native slime to-morrow. Indeed the existence of such"' an animal i among us is a moral problem which might compete with anything in the positive sciences, and the worst of it is he possesses tho dangerous faculty of multiplying his own species in every direction. For, of course, the man cannot rise. superior to his master, and the Arch-liar of the Age propo- gates himself in the sub-liars who do. his correspondence to order for him. just as Pau-puk-lceevis, in Longfellow's poem, re tains his individuality through all his trans formations into beayers, serpents, and other creeping things, " And the ghost, the Jeebi in him, -Thinks and feels as Pau-puk-keevis Still lives on as Pau-puk-kcevis." ' So the master-spirit in the Age office re-ap- pears in the kindred spirits' that do his bid ding through the country as -obsequiously as though they were not separated from him by the difference of hair or temperament". As the Age lies, so lie its correspondents, who, speaking from local experience and with local reference, generally contrive to keep up to the standard of lying adopted at the head office with a success worthy of a. better cause. ; Who the local Pau-puk-keevis may be, wo leave for the present to those who are interested in natural curiosities to, in quire for themselves ; but ivhilo ministering to his not unnntural desire to be left in the dark, it may be as well to warn him that considerations of truth and the interests of the district may force somebody, who thinks that lying ought not to be encouraged in decent society, to let in a little more light upon him than would altogether' agree with the peaceful cultivation of uis peculiar tastes. 