JOHN KNOX AMONGST THE 'UNGODLY'. The ' Advertiser' makes the following observations on a 'chiel' Avho has been lecturing the Wagga' Wagga people on the sinfulncss of Horscracing,1' Pastoral ShoAvs, Bazaars and AA'hite petticoats the old couplet ' Where ignorance is bliss, etc,' is strongly recalled by the recent lecture of the Bey. Mr. Falconer. The general joy, sinful as it now appears to haA'e'becn, of our Carnival 'week, would have been considerably damped if avc had all known that there was ' a chiel amang us takin' notes,' not for a sympathetic report of our little festivities, but — for a sermon. There is something terrible in the idea of this very virtuous gentleman talcing stock of our 'cakes and ale,' frowning grimly at 'scrvant-gh'ls ' out for the afternoon,' and detecting, Avith the keen scent of the 'unco' guid,' mortal sin under a starched muslin, and perdition utter - and irretrievable in _ a pair of Mr. Hunter's best earrings. Still more dreadful is it' to think of him hovering; liarpy-likc over the supper-table of tlie Race ball, or like the ghost of Banquo, paralysing with his gloomy presence the after-dinner brilliancy of the Pastoral Association. . Fortunately, however, ? we knew nothing of all this. The fell fisher of men and morals was indeed abroad, but his presence, happily, cast no shadow on the sparkling stream ; where— ' All unconscious of their fate. The little victims played.' The rev. lecturer, notwithstanding the strong .provocation he must have laboured tinder during that dreadful week, was good enough .to withhold the wet blanket of his wrath ' until our 'Unholy fire' had pretty nearly .burnt itself out. The bulls— as offensive, apparently, to the ; worthy' disciple of John .... iKnox as their, Papal ^relatives— had . gone home again, like the. sheep in the nursery .? rhyme,- 'with all . their . tails ;' behind them ;' the servant girls had gone home also, as 'little the worse, it is to be hoped, for their . brief holiday as the rev. gentleman himself ifor his first trip to the 'race's';' the last ' swindle' of that abomination to the ortho dox Presbyterian, the Bazaar, had been per , petuated, and the last pound netted for the benefit of a sister Church ; even the very remnants of the feast the reverend lecturer so much begrudged had been gathered up, and had gone probably,. where at least he could have ho object in following them — to the pigs . Then, when exhaustion had suc ceeded excess, when— if one may venture. to quote Swinburne in stich ghostly company — there was nothing left of our merry madness but the' ' dull ;ashes of a dead desire,' the hose was turned on, and we were drenched with such a stream of holy eloquence as only can now irom one 01 those chosen vessels whose chief use in the economy of Nature is to scald their neighbours, r We do not intend to object to the infliction. As the reverend gentleman would tell us; the ways of Pro vidence are mysterious;, and there may pos . sibly, be some excuse somewhere even for such a lecture as Mr. Falconer's. .We shall not: quarrel with his denunciation of the Races and the .Pastoral Show — though, if common gratitude be as much a virtue to a Presbyterian minister as it is to many less- pretentious people, we. might' at least have expected in this instance, silence about both-— nor even with his delicate defi nition of waltzing, which was probably as sincere as it was certainly obscene. Com pared with this new light ' of virtue and morality, if not exactly of manners, we are doubtless very- poor people ; and he must pardon us for declining to discuss with him snp.li rlrVHp.ntfi miestions. however suitable they may be for clerical investigation, as the petticoats of our servant- girls, or the doubt less virtue of our wives and daughters, danc ing recklessly, as he would probably put it, on the giddy slopes of sin. We may even admit his perfect right to take as sour and as narrow a view of other peoiDle's pleasures as his nature and training dictate, and to do his best-to mar the^ntirth-he cannot''share'by the~ interposition of his Death's-head moralisings. All that we would ask of our reverend critic is, to give us credit in his next lecture for the possession of at least one virtue, viz. — the charity that forgets a vulgar insult in pity for the ignorance, tne vanity, or simply the folly of its author. 