NOTES FROM NEY7 ZEALAND. 7S03T AH OCCASIOXAIi OOEKESPOHDENT; .No. IX. ; Napoleon Hill is a spur of ond'of tile numerous subordinate .chains of Ilia Southern Alps ; it is seven hundred feet in height,, and its summit- is reached' by .a very precipitous bridle lirackj vvhich" sufficiently tried .the endurance ' of our good steeds. - The miners- -reach - the- washdirt by extensive tunnels," one - of- .which, I, was told, .was -nearly- half-a- m.'le TP; length. . . We passed a small settlement and one or two such tunnels, at the entrance to which the minors were at work, and at length the difficult ascent was accomplished. The settle ment .at. the top of the hill is the most considerable- one in the Grey -district. The stores, hotels, and other places of business aie on the narrow ridge which forms., the summit of tho range j this ill some places is only a few feet in width. On either side the ground slopes ofl very suddenly, and it is necessary therefore to construct a lcind ot frame- .woikj.upon which the buildings rost, the front bemg on the edge of the road, and the back supported by props, 'sometimes apparently thirty or forty feet in length. The road, if such it may 'be called, is very muddy, a corduroy track being laid donn its centre. - Our horses were speedily disposed of, but the difficulty aiose as to how my friend and myself were going to get some supper and lodgings for the night. My friend went to one place, nud reported that the goodman being from home the discreet landlady was not sure whether she could accommodate ns. We were more forLuuate ho.vevei, at auothcr hotel. Ou entering, when I . told the young woman that wo wanted supper and beds for the nudit- she looked beuilJ-.re i ; the wood she said was done, and the landlord was nowhere to be found all the afternoon. I told hei I had obseived a black man chopping wood on entering tLe township, and ho could surely supply us with some. Ah," said she, in her rich Irish brogue, " aud its just the blackfellow I would like to see. I voluleerea to find him at ouce, and made for his hut at the edge oi the mountain. He had ceased woodcutting, his billy was on the lire, and he was evi dently making himself comfortable ior the night-. I told him where I was staying, that there was no wood lo cook our supper or diy our clothes, and patting him on the shoulder, I begged he would get us some wood, and we should have a drink together. Don't be shocked, for was be i ot a in.-m mid a brother, lie grinned in tho most friendly, gooduafured way, at.! my courage revived. "D<ri alias like dat der in dat house, and wood bad to git in dis place, massa." My chances ot getting wood were liity per cent, be'ler a.tei taat speech, and cover ing ins wooilv bead with a wnio-a wake, ue picked up his axe, and hi an metaut d.SeppexUcd doivn me slope. 1 got back to the hotel, and looking out of tHo j window I could See the old man making the chips iiy, aun waking ihe echoes with his Mgeioua strokes. We had a blaring fire in less than: no time ; the Irish lass bustled aoout, making- -the necessary tuiinurv pri-paiauons, her eyes spark- hug like -diamonds - in tho glare oi tne firdignt, «nd every movement attesting the genuine goodwill v iih i which she endeavored to make us com- foi table. The landlord made his appear ance likewise most opportunely, and tho table was soon laden with bread from tho baker s, and meat and sausages from the butcher's, the landlord carrying them in armfals to the feast. It was woll there was a plentiful supply, as p. party ot Governmei t surveyors came in ou the i same en and as ourselves, and ihey were evidently old tnenas of the lass with the diamond eyes ; how they flashed as the file crackied, and the sausages fried, and tlio table was laid, until at length the landlord toid us all to commence. ' Begin boys, for its ourselves we help in this part ot the country," and suro enough we helped ourselves, the whole parly doing all manner ot justice to the amnio spread. Iu the meantime my darkle friend kept piling up the wood, and I asked the girl to invite linn to have a glass with us. But no,- he would not dnuk ; not a drop of the poison for linn. What an injustice I had been doing this good-natured kindly dispositioued nigger. I imagined it was the " glass" which took him bun awav so cheerily, and yet he would not drmk ! How vastly I had underestimated the guiding principles and motive powers of this old man, with, bis black wrinkled face, bis grey beard, aud his kindly heart.- He was indeed a man and a brother ! To be a total abstainer in such a place ; nor bleak winds, nor soaking mist3, nor dripping clothes, nor old age with its infirmities, could weaken his resolution. .Where did he come from? Had he a loving mother once, " away down among the old plantations," who. perhaps - sung little temperance melodies as suo nursed him an infant on her kuees ? Perhaps ho was a member of some juvenile baud of hope, and the seed sown thus early is still -bearing its fruit-. If so, among white skins ltwoukl be difficult to hud an instance of such stern fidelity to early professions. I regret I did not see fiim again, aud this tribute, winch is meant to be kindly written, will atone for my neglect. I shall never likely see him again, and I wonder whether he, too, will be gathered to his lathers, ana be buried m the little cemetery I observed on Napoleon Hill. I would not like to be very confident about mnny m these neighborhoods, but surely, like poor " Old Ned," it may be said of this darkie " He is gone where the good niggers go." - The kettle was kept at boiling pitch,, and. all too forgetful of the darkie's good example/ we called for a drop of the mountain dew which the 'andlord declared was. the " rale stuff." .We wet one eye and then the other; and whiled away a most meiry evening in tins region ot the marvellous — witn many a story of: ghosts and spiritualists, the diamonds sparkliDg and dlasbiug. in all directions, until it was tune to go to bed. Ii wr:is surprising, how comfortable these" wor-.bv people in Una terra incognito i mftue na. -JntleetL whereverona goes the- utmost kindness and , ..attention . is .dis played. 1 hoy hiivs si.'iue.vinoraliou left for Victoria, .and.. when the question " ah its rmaybe ' from' ' Milborinie ye ; are" is ; apswered'in the affirmative, there 'appeairs | to .bF hp 'Hmit to their attentions. ; ;To come from Melbourne would appear to be; equal- to-the possession of Aladdin's 'lamp,- or the: philosopher's stone.- Hear ing the enlivening strains of music not ; far off, and haviug borrowed a pair of leaky "water-tight" boots from my land lord, which, with the mud, weighed r about two pounds each, we sallied forth to ascertain what it all meant. There, : sure enough was a dancing saloon, a j harp and flute making the welkiu ring with their cheerj' note in this desolate j place. Fancy a dancing saloon -in such a locality. How in all the; world did the hai p get safely, up Allwell Creek ? And tho girls, where do they come from ? Sure enough there they were; and to -this saloon night after night some of the miners find their way, up the deep ravine, through the dripping wet. . The garish lights o'erhead, and the shaky.fioor, which looked as if it meant to precipitate its living freight into the deep ravine below. The miner is a strange compound ; but j'udgo him not too- -harshly ye stern moralists ! They are heroes, who can triumph o'er such formidable difficulties as. are to be encountered in this region. Away from all social intercourse; buried in tho wilderness, his is indeed a hard life. Wonder not if at intervals the social in his natnro should seek the society even of a dancing saloon, and if he tries to forget the loneliness, the misery, the toil,, and too often the dis appointments of his lot, iu his own fashion. He earns his monej' like a hero and spends it often like a fool. Never theless, what would tho West Coast have been but for the adventurous miners ? What Melbourne ? What Victoria ? | They ale the foundations upon which the ' supei structure of our prosperity is built. | But how little sympathy, and what scant I admiration he evokes. Oulv a digger ! And tho digger is the victim of excep- ! tional legislation, ot official arrogance, of; commercial fraud, oi bank monopoly, ! and be is held up as a horrid example, if ; ha solaces himself once m a while amidst his toils with adulterated grog at a shil ling a nobbier, or trips the light tautast-ic : toe with a faded beauty in a daneiug saloon. ' The next morning we commenced the descent of Napoleon Hill on the opposite : side, our intention being to visit the ' " Half-ounce " aud " Johnston's." The descent was more difficult than the j ascent, the track being much more ' niegular and iu a much worse stato of lepair. In places it was worn away into ' deep ruts, the horses plunging to their | knees in liquid, mud. 8o steep was it in other places that steps were formed by placing loga across the path. These steps weie sometimes eighteen inches : and t.'.o feet iu depth, and each worn into a mud hole. The horses knew the J load well, and with infinite care took ' stop afiei step as we wound rouud the pmjecUng hanks. Look out for your head or yours may be the ' fate of Absolom ; among theso overhanging . boughs lor your sun ups, your unmen- ! tn rubles and your horse's legs. On su«h | a journey it is as impossible to carry spate pantaloons as to procure spare horses, and the loss of either would 1 be irreparable, " Are you a good rider" : forsooth ? How insignificant indeed : appears this preliminary question. We ! aie at length at the bottom, however, ' and a busk canter will soon bring ns to i the small s etlicmcot called Halt-ouuco. An immense amount of work has been done m this locality, aud amidst huge difficulties. How the minors manage to ascend those cliffs and live in such tents, j in such a place, is marvellous. Looking up I observed a woman in a scarlet skirt at a washtub on the edge of one of those lofty clifis. How did she ever get there ? It was such a place ns an eagle might choose on which to build her nest. Bravo woman surely to follow the fortunes of Lei- husband, that she might eook his dinner and wash his trousers iu such a spot ! There is no time, however, for moralising, and we speedily reach the entrace to such another creek as the Allwell. There arc a few birds whose cheerful notes keep us company in this lonely place. How tame too they are. My friend told me that he has had them perching on his hands, and I ap proached one so close that 1 was about taking it iu my haud. when it discreetly hopped lo a higher branch, looking nevertheless as confidently iu"iny face as it this labyrinth of nature were the bowers ot Paradise. You nro a foolish little bird to be thus so confiding, but if I could I. would not make you a prisoner. A little beyond the Half-ounce my guide informed me that on a former occasion ho look the wrong turn, and rode into a deep paddock full of water, the horse disappearing beneath. So moved was he by the vivid recollection of the disaster, that he was within a-few yards of making iho same experiment as he rode on briskly before me. He pulled up just in time, and we speedily- got clear of the creek, and for -once more upon the open plains. - The- Junction was soon reached, and . we fouud . a Rouse full discussing their : dinner. Here the landlord shewed me a specimen of the River Grey potutoe?, which would average over a pound weight each. And yet iu this vast territory inero is uaruiy auyunug accompusnca worth calling farming. Only one paddock did I observe properly fenced in. There are those hero who seem to fancy that farming will not pay. Not pav when bacon and bntter, bales of chaff, cases of preserved milk, cheese, &c.;, are im ported in such quantities ! The customs revenue derivable from imported goods is largely in excess of -your Victorian tariff,.. with its obnoxious protection .to -native industries: From- this port alone the Customs duties levied , last year amounted to about £-50,000 — an enor mous amount surely to he extracted from such a: small population. Where does it all go to ? A petty rond hoard in "Victoria appears with a revenue of a few hundreds to accomplish as much as the conncils of these provinces. The punts -ana-ferries, ! he.lramway6 and isome other lb orougnfares. : are erected : -by pnvn te 'enterprise,, and excessive- tolb are conse- ' queutiy the : resMr". NBut large as tho revenue is," nd 'weraDtyall mjjst wisely, expended/ it would ba ..but a drdp"iu the bucket in 'such'a'district as that we have gone 6ver.; i And is "it fair to tax the present generation for works of a per manent nature, which will go down to posterity? Here the problem of local selfrgoverameDt has yet to be solved. TtThave the privilege of spending their own -money is conceded, but is that enough ? A mi-lion spent in the Grey Valley would be repayod a hundred fold in a generation or two, but where is the money to come from ? The .local au thorities cannot borrow it, and what then ? Is the district to be doomed as if by a curse for generations to 'come when it might be couverted mtoffin un-" faiiing'source of wealth aud prosperity? Some comprehensive plan of borrowing" on a large scale, guaranteed by the general Government, and secured upon tho revenue, appears .to bo what - is wanted. The money, frittered . away annually in patching and. tinkering would pay the interest over and over again of' an amonnt which ; would make the Grey .Valley a - garden, and . " the wilderness to blossom us the rose." 