LAYING THE CORNER-STONE OF BISHOPTHORPE. On Saturday last the interesting ceremony of laying the corner-atone of Bishopthorpo, the intolded future residonco of the Bishops of Goulburn, was performed by Mrs. Rosi. In the month of September the following para graph appeared in those oolumns:-Tho Bishop of Goulburn has remained for live years and a half without an official residence. At length tendors bave boon received for the erection of a suitablo dwelling for the bishop and his succossors in the see. Thirteen parties compoted for the work, of whom the majority were Sydney men. Wo are glad to learn that our townsman, Mr. F. Horn, mayor, was sue censful in obtaining the contract, the price being £4699. The design is Elizabethan, and may be said to be the joint production of the bishop and the Rev. A. D. Soaroes, who kindly supplied a sketch boauti fully drawn. This was altered considerably and adapted to the sito by the bishop. The ground-plan and elevation having boon thus determined upon, Mr. J. F. Hilly, architect of Sydney, was engaged to reduce the bishop's drawings to scalo, and to pro- paro the working-plans and the apocifications for the builders. The alto is an elevated position between Rosmivillo and Goulburn, about two miles from the latter. It commands an extensive prospect over Roseiville, Kingedale, Konmore, Ooulturn, and Gundary. It is partly tho gift of F. R. L. Roasi Esq., and partly a grant from the government. The structure will be of blue-stone, found upon the land, and will consist of rubble-work relieved by Wingollo atone for openings and quoins. It will probably be completed in about twelve months, and will be the property of the diocese. The pitch of the roof will bo high, and the building will present an appearance of an ecclesiastical charactor, but plain and substan tial. Durability rather than ornamentation has boon aimed at. Sinoco thbo foregoing paragraph was written a com moncoment has booen made with the works. The 4foundation having boon put in, Saturday last, being Now Year's Day, was appointed for laying the corner-stone. The weather was very fino, and a gentle breezo blowing across the neighbouring downs moderated the boat, which otherwise would have boon rather too great to be pleasant. About a hundred ladies and gentlemon were present, amongat whom we noticed the following:-The Bishop of Goulburn and Mirs. Thomas, the Dean and Mrs. Sowerby, the Police- Magistratu and Mrs. Allman, Mr. and Mrs. osasi, the lion. James Chisholm, Captain and Mirs. Zouch, Mrs. Cox, Mtr. R. Cox, Mr. and Mrs. W. Chisholm, tir. Conolly, iMr. and Mrs. Aloexander, Mr. and Mrs. J. K. Chisholm, tbe Mayor and Aldermon Butler and Collins, Mr. and M?rs. A. F. Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, Dr. Iuayloy, Rov. R. Leigh, Rev. Mr. Mo Konzio, Mr. J. F. Hilly the architect, Mr. and Mrs. Tooco, IIr. W. R1. Riloy, Mrs. Ross, Miss Willans, Mr. G. D. Hay, Mr. Freestone, Mr. Holt, and Mr. Maybary. The Rov. F. R. Soaborn and Mrs. Soaborn arrivqd after the close of the pro coedinga. The Bishop of Goulburn opened the proceedings by reading the first vereo of the 127th Psalm: " Except the Lord build the house, their labour is but lost that build it;" and proceeded to offer up the following appropriate prayers: 0 Eternlt od, mllO to power nod in majesty inoomprow hoaniblt, who art the Creator and upholder oft all things, without waiom nothiing Is strong, nothing is hIoly, bless, 0 Lord, this workt, for wllich we are gathered together, to tihe honour and glory of Tiy ret 0.nl0000, iand the benefit of Thy church tn tis Intd, throught Jesus Christ our Lord -men, Voauchsafe, 0 Lord, to glan tt at ltheo nwalls nown begun may be built up as the iabodo of peace aod Ilollno.s, of porsocveraco and wiadom, of patilenceo ad loe, of houmility Ood faith. May th prayer and thoe proia hero offered up to Tihee, ascend to Thythrone, an iocense of a aweet smelling sarior, tirough teio all.prevarllllgntreesson on of our -tedlator aud uledemer Jesus Christ. Amen. Direct, O Lord, those wtho design and those who construct this buildiung, thao it tnmay be a house meet for thln who shall dwell therein, and worthy of Tiy church'in this laud, through Chrilt our Lord, Ameu. To Thy protocitou, Aliulghty Father, 00 comtmend the wor?. men who shall be empltoye In building this hoise. reep them from all uonseemly conduct to tIllouglt, word, and deed, and from all covetous desires. May ai their boles be hopt, that not oarne ofthe be broken. Girve Tlinea holy anugels chargo orer them to Ieep them ill nl their ways. Amen. Almighty (God, who madot Tily blessed Son to hbe clrcum. clod and obedient to the lawI for ainu, grant us the true cl. eumcltiou of the Spirit; that our Ilears uad all our luembertr, being mortfietd from oit worldly andu c;arllal usts, re oay in all things obtu y Thy blessed woil, through thoe sumo Thy Sou Jesus Christ our Lord. AImeO. nulargo the heart, of Tl'y faithful Foplee that as the is-, roetltcs of old offered wrillingly, uo they. rem inheriog that their days upon earth aro but laiadow, and that there is nothing Widinug here, nod that all thhigs came of Thee, may nwith per feet hearts offer wlloingly, each according to his ability, unto Thee their lord God. Amlen. O 1 merciful Go(d, gratt that the rich blessings of Thy grace may aboui.td Il ail Thy servants, who lhave olffered or shall offer unto Thee their gifts for the comillotion of this woro. Grait thoem to oenjoy the luxury of doing good, and thire blraessed priol loge of helping forward Thy cause Ia the world, through Jesus Chreit burLord. Amcu. Almlghty God, who. rulest over all the dlltgdoms of tIhe world, and who hast placed thy soerant our Sovereign Lady -Qoea Victorla upon the throne of this realm, let nlsdom hbe boher g0d1, ond lot Thlno arm atrrngthon her; lot Juaie, troth, Tan hollne?l lo pece and lonre.l tlln l wvirts whheh ladorn t hatr ?nn prnfi"?lnn, lhre w Ior In her tdny Direct tall eicr otlerls nld el lollrR t t0 T ey lIJ· lllt the le!lflt t ? hter tsuje0tcl. ant lher n rnys sith , Il thhlt I of l her penple, trhat theiy lanv lever hd gRtive? Ioe hon ur o ter person, and dutiofl t u1he lnl o t to her f udthorlty. lot het rlll tl lt thnee totl, I thrun l J.ll I llrl T e t tollr L oord. ArellltInt t l L Wereay, lohewlrct for the t.oreonr of hudis olony ag for nil foll aren I cll nUhorll In this lend for the I oblllty t nlr istroI .ne land ctimn of tlso treahitt, fo te lmyor dto builderln oftl hl ty, for the obhron? and ergy of this dwor0 e nd for fiall other pastors or Thy Ionch ntor mInhors of nThy word ou n l raC rallllll , thm t ni lll and every of t hlll i t r iseveral cll lntg nll vo reel tly to Ihe glolo of Ol, ncllel llny lltvoe I brothelly rllnrlty one to notler, lthrough vus Christ iour lrdt. Anme. Thoe Btlhrop theOn ddressod a few words to the conpaony assoobled. lie oxprtesol hitmself greotly ploased that hoe work of the new year had been thl? atislteioosly commenced. They wuere greatly in debted to thle gonoronity of Mr. lossi, who in the pirst inwstano had given one hundred o cres of lany d bto the endowment fund and subsequently fifty-three acres for the orcotion thereon of n building suitable for an opielcopal resideonco. They wero also under obligations to the architact and to tho builder, tile mayor of Goulburn ; and their thanks wero specially duo to thoe contributors, whoo generous gifts haod laid theom under a deep debt of gratitude. 'ho building would hIo substantial, and though plain would havo on ecclostaostial appearance. Althougil the necessity of on eopiscopal rsidonce Bad behon apparent fromn the first, yet tie had thought it best to telay toating any stops toowarde supplying tho want whilu tIere wttas o inch other work to be done in the diecoe--whtile so many clergymen were withlout plrsoenllgoe and no many parishes without clergymoen. Now Ihowvoer nino now parsonmgel had beeoon ercted; a11it there were bnly seven clelrgymen thlrotshout tilodieo?se who wtre still thus unprovided for. Owing to the unfivouan able nature of the soatosm dring the past few years all the interests of the colony ttad sullbrod considerable depression, and sono £5000 ihad been paid in for the endowment of the lse; tnd these ailuse wore qliteo nufielont to account for tle el101113 thllt lad talten place in commenolcing to build a 'residence for the bishop. the now building wa'1 intendedtl to be calleld IBishopthterpo, a name tsuggeosted by Mrs. Itrkter, ind wnicl w o hingulalrly oppropri lte. 'lhe list of conltributiona originated Iby a friend in Lotloln promiingilg to contribute £100 if nine others would agree to do the same. Nino other frietds did so; aord thus a commencement wlos at once made wilth £1000. After reading the list of the proposed committeo of the Bishop thorpo, tie oppeal, and the list of the con trihuteor, which appear in our advertising columns, his Lerldhip gavlle n ummatry of the state of the huilling tictonot, as feltowo:--Tho subscriptions re soived und promised from England will hbe £1100, (in addition to £1200 previously reteived by the bishop from hii personal frionds in England and ex pended as explained-see ndvertisemont). Tile aontributions received in the colony are £1612 15s.; promised ditto, £0190 lie. ; further reqlired for the cotmpletion of all the rrnallngemnts, £1866 10s. This will show that tihe sum of £2317 6e. was ex pected stilt to be received in the colony from the abovo promises anld from future subscriptions. And thus for the sum of £3900 the dioceso will receive pro perty worth £6200, independently of the land, which is also of considerlablo valuole. WVith this explanation, which 110 truslbted would hbe satisfactory, he now called on tors. ItoHsi to proceed with tho laying of tho corner-stone. The contractor then handed to lIrs. Rossi a hand some carved mallet of myall wood, and n beautiful silver trowel, bearing the following inscription: " Presented to Mirs. Rossi by tie Bishop of Goutlburn, 0n the occasion of ler laying the foundution-stone of Bishoptllorpe, 1at Janultary, 1870." The stoneo was then lId in the usual manner by Dirs. Ronsi, who said in a firm voice, "I lay this corner-tono eof Bishoptthorpo to tle glory of God and tte benefit of Ilis church in the name of the F'ather, tile Son, antd theo Holy Ghost. Amen." Thi Very tev. IDean Soworby said that when he first camoe to Goolborn lie had little thought ever to find o bishop's palllco. The Bishlop of Australia was then living in a hlired house, thinltinng moro of the erection of tleh cathedral titllan of any nther building; but the cathedral woent but lowly; and the bishop like other tenanto had to remove from house to house. Whon the first bishop's successor came heo detormined to commenco thoe rection of a residence; and thio he (the donn) thought the wiser course. \Vhen he came to Goulburn he had to set about the orection of a parsonsgo; but knowing nothing of building, not indeed knowing the difference between a batten and a shinglo, the result was that ho put up a house which had boon characterized as tho.most inconvenient in christendom. Then'ho had to build a church; and when finished this was pronounced to be the ugliest in the colony, though he did not carn much about that at the time as there were then only six or seven others. But since their friends MIr. Leigh and Mir. Soaroe had come amongst them, they had men who know what buildings wore; and then hi lordship's coming turned, he might say, their architectural darkness into light. On the present occasion they had a good architect and n good builder. Ho wished those who had taken the matter in hand overy prosperity. The house might appear to some to be of an xtensiveo charactoer; but it could not be more extensive thian that opirit of hospitality which he might say was Ongrained in the nature of their dear sister, the bishop's lady. May the house remain to be the abode of Protestant bishops till time itself is no more ! and may the present holders long continuo to be supplied with the means of maintaining their generous hospitality! When ltishopthorpo should he finisheod then they must think of proceeding with the cathedral. The present building was already found to he too small; and hlie trusted the day was not far distant when they should have ia now one that would be a credit and an orna ment to the city. Mr. Allman said that few present could better eppreciato te timportance and interest of that day's work than he could. IIo was nearly a native of the colony, and some thirty years ago had driven his father to Goulburn to fill the same situation he him self now held; and when he contrasted the state of things that then existed with.what he now saw, ihe could not but he in the highest degree gratified. He wished the bishop and the church every success that could he desired. The IIon. James Chisholm said that it was grati fying to the well-wishers of the undertaking to have the foundation-stone laid on Now Year's Day. IHe trusted that as the present season was so much more prosperous than those they had bad of luto years, so the subscriptions would be more liberal. There were no more liberal people anywhere than those of the southern districts; and he hoped that when the building wais finished it would hbe out of debt. The 11ev. R. Leigh with all heartinaes congratu lated the diocesan on the work of that day, not only on his own account but for his successors. Large ias' tihe foundations appeared, if the church progressed the house would be too small for the hospitality of the bishop and his lady; for the bishop's house woas the only contre of thought, the only place for advice, and the chief place for onconragement and support for the working clergy of the diocese. He trusted that there would be no want of help towards the progress and the finishing of the building, so that when it was completed it would hbe free from debt. Mlr. William Conolly said that if they contrasted the present with the past they would find much cause for congratulation. Ite trusted that the bishop and MIrs. Thomas would live many years among them to dispense the generous hospitality for which they were noted. MIr. J. K. COhisholm said that he had not come there at all prepared to address an assemblage of that kind ; but he esteemed it a compliment to be asked to do so. Theor wias a time when he could have re cognized most of those he should hers meet in public; but now he felt almost a stranger amongst them. He trusted however that this would not continue so, that with the fiaoilities for travelling that they now possessed, and with the advantages of climate that this district enjoyed over those nearer to Sydney, there would be a large and constant influx of visit ors from the metropolis and the county of Cumber. land. IHo congratulated the bishop and the company present on an occasion of such peculiar interest to the diocese ; and would say O beate I quorum jam mwntoi sarguot. Ito trusted the building would be a home to the bishop where he could retire and enjoy the rest and repose which those engaged in such arduous duties as his must require; and that his lady, who was already famed, he might almost say above all others in the diocese, for her generous hospitality, might continue to dispense it. Hie looked upon the pro ceedings o( that day and the choice of the day itself as most uspicious; and trusted that tile corner-stono now laid would soon have the superstructure raised above it. Mr. Andrew Gibson briefly congratulated the bishop and the rest of the church on the success that had so far attended the present work, and wished them every success in their efforts to continuoe it. The iishop appropriately expressed his obligations to those who had taken part in the proceedings of the day, and called upon Mr. hosRi, who oid that it iocamo his duty to ac knowledge the honour done his wife whoen the tnask of laying tih corner-rtono was allotted to her. They would rather have shrunk fromn it; but found that they could not well do so. IIad the task fallen to himself, he might truly have said that he should have wished it confided to worthier hands; but as it had fallen to Mrs. RIossi- woll, of course if he attompted to say any such thing nobody would bo lievo he meant it and the ladies would say he was telling a story. Ilo called attention to the fact that the last name on the list of contritutors to the building fund wans that of Want and Want; and although this was of course wholly unintentional it really amounted to a most delicate reminder that their wiant was that the list should bi enlarged. Everyone present might help the fund-if not directly at least indirectly amongst his friends and acquaintances; and the hind wishes that had greeoted the undert'a ing would be more than fulfilled if all did what they could. Other engagements had kept many persons away ; so that the comparative few who were present must not be taken as a bad augury with respect to the interest generally felt in the work of the day. As the foundation-stone had now boon successfully laid he thought they should all rejoice and consider that it was an auspicious omen in favour of their having a happy now yfar. Tihe 3ishop.said that ho must re-echo the dean's wish that when this building was finished, or indeed before, they would make a start towards raising funds for the erection of a cathedral. Hie was happy to be able to say that Mrs. Cox had generously pro mised £100 towards this object; and a friend in Sydney hiad promised £50. Ieo therefore trusted that before long they would be able to make some progress with the cathedral fund. In conclusion, his Lordship invited the guests to hi temporary residence, where refreshments woere provided; alter partaking of which the company separated, all apparently much pleased with theo work that had that day been performed. 