THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. E give below our monthly republication of ews from Rome respecting the. Council, on this ccasion making use of the correspondence in he Westminster Gazette, in addition to Father ilke's letters in CatJtolic Opinion:— HOMAN GOSSIP. ROME, FEBRUARY 21. All sorts of rumours are rife that the Council s to be prorogued after Easter. This is not at ll unlikely, for the protracted absence of the eads of so many dioceises must be productive of erious inconvenience,'not to say injury, to the rospects of religion, especially in the often ritical relations of the Church with the diferent Civil Governments of the world. Your ducation Bill and Irish Land E"l i wiU certainly all for! the return.of some of j our^Bishops in the spring. Several American Bishops have received permission to leave for their dioceses on urgent affairs requiring their presence, and some nave obtained leave not to return for the conclusion of the Council. The discussions on the "Little Catechism" are now, I believe, concluded, and the Fathers are expected to begin on the Schema dc Ecclesid. Then will, probably, take place the great definition on the prerogatives of the Pope, his Primacy of Divine right, and inerrancy in teaching the Universal Church. The attitude of all good Catholics is that of respectful silence, not attempting to discuss probabib'ties where there are really no data to go on; for the ultimate result will not be by a process from premises to conclusion, but the supernatural declaration of the Holy Ghost. _ We regret to state that the Cardinal Archbishop of Lyons is dead; also, that the Bishop of Southwark has received the last Sacraments, and remains, as I fear, in a very precarious state. It must be a very solemn thought for the Fathers, and so it is for us all, as they enter and pass forth from the Council Hall, that since the commencement of the Council their numbers have nearly been decimated by death. News from Australia informs us that the Archbishop of Sydney, whose severe illness at Aden, on his way to the Council, and return to Australia, cast a gloom over his many friends in Rome, has arrived safe at Sydney, and is now once more convalescent. God be praised. May the Venerable Metropolitan of Australia be preserved to sec yet more glorious fruits from the already flourishing Church and learned hierarchy which it has been his high privilege to found. Of course we have visited the Exhibition but as yet I have found it impossible to write any account worth sending of its contents. You may be sure we have made more than one visit to this great collection of objects of Christian art. The opening day, which I notified to you, was a private view of the Exhibition for the Holy Father and his Court, and the privileged few. However, that few turned out so many that the place was full enough, and it was only just possible for the Holy Father to move about without crushing. The ordinary price of adission is one franc, on Sundays and Holy-days alf a franc ; but there will be a five-franc day or the ilile, or those who -wish to be thought so. The site of the Exhibition is, as I told you, he Baths of Diocletian, near the railway station rom Florence, close to the old Paitorian Camp etween the Quirinal and Viminal Hills, you approach it by the Via del Quirinal, and is iust within Porta Pia. It is not a little remarkable that the Baths of Diocletian were built by the labours of Christians, many of them soldiers reduced to slavery oil account of their perseverance ill their religion. Amidst the ruins was found long a^o an inscription, recording as follows:—" The August Cajsars, Diocletian and Maximian, after having extended the Roman Empire in the East and the West, abolished the name of the Christian destroyers of the Republic." Fifteen hundred years have passed, and the successor of the Pontiff who perished under Diocletian, uses the ruins of the temple of his pride and luxury, and of Roman shameless wantonness, as a palace of art, instinct with the elevating spirit of purity, deriving its origin from that Christian faith which Diocletian boasted he had destroyed. The fable of the spurious Bishop in the ouncil, I think I have satisfactorily traced to ts true source. There was a Hungarian Abbot hose claim to sit in the Council was not llowed, because he neither had local jurisdicion, nor was Head of an Order taking solemn ows. I purposely do not memtion his name or is there any need to do so. He was so ersuaded of his rights, however, that he preented himself for admission, and had to be reused. I am confirmed by the best authority in he idea I expressed—that it would be impossible or any one not duly qualified to obtain enrance. THE TWO PARTIES IN THE COUNCIL. ROME, March 1. The Council is, I believe, about to enter on the Schema de Ecclesid, in the course of which the discussion on the definition of the Pope's prerogatives will undoubtedly come on, as all who are in a position to give an opinion seem to ay. I have already indicated to you that it is hought probable that the form of the definition ill be that of reaffirming the decree of the ouncil of Florence concerning the office of niversal Teacher, by Divine institution, inolved in the Primacy, aud the clause in the reed of the Council of Trent affirming the defeetibility of the Roman Church and the ee of Peter and the Teacher of all Churches. So far, all are of one mind. Less than this cannot be affirmed. It is the tradition of the Church from the earliest times, witnessed to as an existing tradition in his own day by St. Irenaaus, who lived within fifty years of the Apostle St. John, and was the disciple of St. Polycarp, who was the disciple of St. John, "With this Church of Rome," he says, in the well-known passage, "on account of its superior headship, it is necessary that all the Churches— that is, all -who on every side are of the faithful —should be in accordance, _ because in this Church has always been preserved the tradition which comes from the Apostles." Whether absolute, immunity from error -will be affirmed as existing in .the "person of the Pontiff or in the See of Rome; it is not possible to Conjecture. A' difference of opinion exists on this point; but there is_ no doubt that the majority hold that absolute immunity from error exists inithe Chief Pontiff whenever he teaches the Universal Church anything to be held as necessary: truth in Faith or Morals. , ' Ag$iin, on Jfchis poi_nt (es Ihave already said in a former letter),KJaUicans letter),.v.....-—— and Ultramontanes ...^^uauco are agreed' in practice, for,they would equally accept Bucfr. Pontifical decrees with interior •assent, ^iilftct'npbn' them alike, as if their in- 'fallibility'were admitted. The difference between parties on a speculative point, whether fro', after from UUIU C11UI error id is uiucreui inherent in the Pm>„ P™J """"HI FLIP F!LINIV»II ™ +I,„ M... , f°P the Church, or in the Church to?l E M Pope. This point, if it seems i f f i ^ Ghost, may be cleared up W tt 41 ' probably, also, clear rufes kid L^!" 1^ indubitable marks pointed out h v ^ ^ hl be known for certain when the iVI t ' calhedrd. speak. There are differences, undoubted] the Bishops, as every one knows, but' said before, complete unanim% [ n\ a f! 1 > heir hesion to the Pnmacy of the Hnl„ e infallibility of the Council, shouft l 66 '/^ 4efi not define Papal infallibility a ' of ItoffiHfo joSnals^df whicfr ° f 65 specimen from I'Vnivers, last week resist giving you a passage from ;, p,\ cai1 your Archbishop of Westminster M^ Manning writes of the attitude of Ca ff view of such an event, not with th P f T of our journalists, but with the calm J!" , and confidence in G o d ™ ^ff "If the Council should derMo „„ . their previous judgment, tLy would " ^ be corrected by its unerring^' 101 * should refrain from pronounc?on J on which they previously believed a Z to be opportune or even necessarv +1 011 ^ b their whole heart suW thSrtS and believe that such a decision l 0 Udf only not necessary, but not even opportu n* this sense of perfect submission, sprS, faith in the perpetual and infalliile fssfi of the Holy Spirit all Catholics will JS? final result of the Council of the Vatic^* On the other hand, two of the German BiA who have signed the protest against the d tion the Archbishop of Cologne and the Bi of Mayence, have written to coutradic notion so industriously circulated that t The Archbishop of Cologne has pubfcu, etter repudiating all sympathy wi h Dr h mger and saying that those German Cath, ho have signed congratulatory address* he Professor, under the notion that thev^ o-operating m this with their bishops, iL irely mistaken The Archbishop goe S 0I ay that he and others of the Gennau En ate had signed and presented an address tot oly Father agarnst the definition, but that i aving been communicated to the public J gainst their desire. That as for D, Dofa eclaration contains several pro,3 1 hich no bishop could approve He exhorts the faithful<< to abstain from; tating the question and wait for the decision the Council, confident in the promises of , Redeemer, Who has promised Ifis S l to guide the teaching authority unto all truth " J-he Bishop of Mayence, the illustrious Mo signor Ketteler, another of the bishops Ff 11 .^ .^e petition against defining the Pope infaUibibtv, has written most strongly, rl diating all sympathy with Dr. DoWer,! S'^ i o ° S n ° g e t ^ ^ t h f ' ^ , Lehman have addressed a petitio to the Fathers of the Council, praying Lm take into consideration the condition of the Israelite brethren, and to address to them exhortation to return to the fold on thisoc T^y dwell on the opportuneness of tk present moment for seeking 1 their convex because their relief from civil disabilities, vM it lias made their admission into Christian circle more easy is likewise attended with consider^ dangers, because that very assimilation mi the ways of other nations has weakened th? hold of then- own religious traditions upo, them thus rendermg them particularly amen able to the temptation, so potent at tlie prcseo day to throw off the restraints of all religioa 6 teaching. A PEEP INTO THE COUNCIL. A , . , . , ROME, March S. from tlle .i,. t?-, ^terior of the Council, uj the Bishop of Down and Connor in his recent Pastoral, is well worth a place in your paper -It confirms m all respects the accounts I sent you, and the reflection I have made on thi imprincipled sensation paragraphs in the Eng hsh journals. The letter is most interesting the hrst accent by WJ OJ1 an eye witness WIlrflUBH from irom within WlUH the Council Hall, which, so far as I know, hai yet appeared. The Bishop writes :— time 1138 not y^ come to tell you what r^u P mt of Trutl1 - may suggest to the Vicar of Christ to proclaim to this wicked world as the ways of justice'; and we therefore dare not anticipate what the Holy Ghost may sug' gest to hun in these eventful times. In referring at all to the doings of the Vatican Council, it is my duty to till you, reverend and dearly beloved brethren, by implication, what is not done there, in order to reassore you, it need be, against the misrepresentations and calumnies of the public Press, which has so t0 bitterness, absurdities, and falsehood. There exists in the delibew the Council nothing but calm ' thoughtful silence. Here is the order of proceeding every day ;_The Mass of the Holy Ghost opens the Congregation each day of sit- -it is a Low Mass, said by one of the Bishops ; and, before he returns from his thanksgiving and breakfast, the prayer of vocation of the Holy Ghost has teen said S r r W ^ * ^ - * and responded ny the .bathers standing. Then the delibera g ? Each » 2"- &»ther who wishes ft speak wiU have given in his name to the Secre- S - f 1 ! being called, in order of dignity, puts Ins views before the Council. Of course of , the peculiar eloquence and manner <*the weaker. There is nS interrup- »£,, ear he ' f> n ° 'applause,' but a perwhLnJr^r 8 ' ^ "^times ' the gef " f one P 1 * 110 ? *o another. But no ajrbefora 11 tSvT^i without giving notice the y OBIOr e - We have been present in every • tdon' of which there have been now Mirtv and we have told yon what hap- P rtn one occasion, it is said by the • uews- 1 Lt one Bishoff 'was loudly applauded.' • iiarm to -explain that this was a simple lit pathetic expression of sympathy from ;n the narrative of his diocesan SlTwhich had moved the Fathers al- ( tears. The interpretation of some „ers was that it evidenced a triumph of l/Jt among the Bishops over another and llth Those who are in the Council know ••founded are the statements put before ; lie. aud cannot recognize the doings of • ICjjcj] but as simply burlesqued in the Lrtion so often given of its proceedings. IT it was outrageously asserted that the Fa- W', i become unmanageable, and that some of • r fJ{j left in disgufr All could contradict this, ethanone bave felt obliged todo so. We know _, .* an(l much more that is said, to be false and RJlous. Lately, we ourselves saw in a Bel- Impersent to us, an article quoted froma Lon- ISntemporary, in which it was stated, under' January 15, that ' the debate yesterday Irerv stormy.' This was intended as a cum- Ijot to the two speakers therein mentioned ; Ibotli of them are calm and dignified men, I incapable of ' stormy' debating. The writer fcsaysi he ' is not able to send any details,' loodcstly prophesies that ' the Vatican will 1 the question a very troublesome one!' ' that such meanness does not bring a JI We are prepared for it. It was fore- B_'If the world has so hated me, your Mas- 1 rfl it not hate you also ?' And thus these •have been refuted by being long ago foreme Bishops in conscience, the officers by are bound to keep the deliberations secret i they are passed into Decrees in public ion so that nothing can be known. We fid add that writers of this kind are here :ej to acknowledge that ' they must write to er,' that 'otherwise they would lose their jt'ions.' It is with this sort of 'fair play' t the world treats the Council. But, as. we esaid, ought we to expect any better? I \fe who have been present in every meefchave seen no ' stormy' debate—in fact, it is le nature of the thing at present impossible 0 party question having arisen—but we have nessed the fullest liberty and length of ach accorded to everyone in the Council. If ly say what we think, it appears to us that s unnecessarily sacriliced to this liberty, 1 we hope to see it better economised withfjny loss to a proper and dignified freedom "bsration. This, we hear, will soon take need we be surprised at all this injus- The world has its own work to do—it is ;with Satan, 'who is a liar from the g;' but the Council will not lose its posure nor fail in its purpose whatever be 'Thongh, dearly beloved brethren, we know t the conclusions of the Council will be the _ of the Spirit of Truth, we are not, frefore, to be indifferent. Not that we are to e predilections for this result more than for t. Nor are we to triumph in one issue more i another, as men do in merely human ri. Whatever ' may seem good to the Holy sf will be joyfully accepted by the Catholic rid. But we should, in humble, fervent, and severing prayer, beseech God to send a ter outpouring of His Divine Spirit, that all i may be removed, that prejudices may in down, that the hearts of men may lie softened to receive the truth, and that fcutiful fruits may be reaped by our own gene al and tliose that shall succeed us from the ler light its illumination shall give to the (11 Hence the Jubilee proclaimed by the y Father ! And, that abundant blessings fall upon every class and race of men, no should exempt himself from contributing to ore them for himself, his family, and for all, the exercise of patience, and charity during a eventful crisis." THE POPE'S HEALTH. Holy Father's health is good, but it ild be little wonder if the stories which the s of the Italianissimi have again been so i circulating of late, of the failure of his th, had been true. Nevertheless, they were t fnrther from the fact. When I am weak, a am I strong, seems to be eminently • his (to, and all living here, who have such freflt opportunities of seeing him and hearing voice, know how false it is. From those 5 have the opportunity of seeing him still ® frequently and intimately, I hear the same ort, not only of his general health, but of continued equality and buoyancy of spirits. " "uggests to me a sample of his ready cheers on every occasion, which was mentioned me the other day. Some one had Ventured try to elicit an expression of opinion from on the great subject of the day; having, as hought, approached it wearily enough not to let notice, for it is well known that the y Father lias invariably preserved a delicate "re on the subject, and avoids every utterwhich could seem like prejudging the mon of the Council in any way. Like-Him when men sought to entangle him in His always knew how to baffle their attempts, . always his prudent answer, iready; this occasion it pleased him to.'-reply by ul sally:—",S'e mi dirannofaUibileovvero non lo so ma urn e certo andrdfaUito.i" aether the Council will pronounce me fallible .infallible I cannot say,' but one. thing is jiiV it will make my pecuniary - resources .. A CANARD. . k 001 Pari s» which his' doubtless •aea you as 'well as the Italian papers, spfeaks ^"y of the suspension of the Council. 'It nouB that people at a distaiice should prebetter information than that ; supplied :. Here it is simply laughed at. Nothing mt ' e , fo ' rce could suspend the Council; and would hardly be proposed:' • - That no General Congregations are being "held at this moment, is.no sort of evidence of any such in- Wtion; the work is at this moment being done just the same, only on paper instead of by word of mouth.'. , Some one was speaking, the other day, rather freely, before a Spanish Bishop, of how long the Council had been occupied without any visible result. " Yea," replied the Prelate, "we seem to have been toiling like St. Peter, and taking nothing all the night, but the day will break soon, and with it the Master will come, and will show where the net shall -be thrown." THE DISCUSSION ON" THE " INFALLIBILITY " CLAUSE. ROME, March 17. When. I wrote last, I could only give you rumour ; but it is now certain that the question of defining Papal Infallibility will be discussed in the CounciL The following Schema appeared first, as I told you, in a German paper. I did not think it of sufficient authority to be worth transcribing; but as other journals publish it, you may probably wish to do so. I do not see how it can be authentic unless, like the former Schema, it was got hold of surreptitiously. Anyhow, I give it for what it is worth, not myself believing it to be the form in which the question will be proposed in the Council, but only one of many forms which may have been suggested, but may just as likely have been rejected. Time will show. The Monilum which accompanies it is authentic and no secret, and this makes it certain that some Schema on the subject had been placed in the hands of the Fathers before my last letter of the 10th inst. By this very day, the Feast of St. Patrick, all the observations of the Fathers upon this Schema will have been received. It is to be hoped, that as the matter is now actually before the Council, the discussions in the Catholic journals will cease. The following is the alleged Schema dc hifallibilitate:— "Chapter to be added to the decree on the primacy of the Roman Pontiff, to the effect that the Roman Pontiff cannot err in defining questions of faith and morals. " The Holy Roman Church possesses a supreme and complete primacy and principality over the Universal Catholic Church, which she truly and humbly confesses to have received with plenitude of power from Our Lord Himself, in the person of St. Peter, the Prince of the Apostles, whose successor the Roman Pontiff is; and as, above all things, she is obliged to defend the true faith, all questions which may arise in any matter of faith, ought to be decided by her judgment. And because the saying of Our Lord Jesus Christ, Thou art Peter, &c.;, cannot be set aside, what is said on the occasion is proved by actual results, since the Catholic religion and holy doctrine have always been preserved immaculate in the Apostolic See. "Consequently, with the assent of the Holy Council, we teach and define as a dogma of the faith, that with the Divine assistance the Roman Pontiff, of whom, in the person of the Blessed Peter, it was said by the same Our Lord Jesus Christ, I have prayed for thee, &c.;, when acting as the Doctor of all Christians, he defines what ought to be held by the Universal Church in a matter of faith or morals, cannot err ; aud that this prerogative of the inerrancy or infallibility of the Roman Pontiff applies to the same objects as those to which the infallibility of the Church extends. " If any one should presume to contradict the present definition, which God forbid, let him know that he has fallen away from the truth of the faith." - 