I AB. R I V A. L or THE DECEMBER SECOND ENGLISH MAIL. I' The steamer Derwent arrived at Launceston on Thursday afternoon, bringing the Tasmanian portion of the English Mail. That for Hobart fijwn arrived by coach at tho usual hour yester- day morning. Wo are thus in receipt of our English files, »ia Marseilles, to the 31st Dec, together with the summaries published in the » Melbourne papers of later telegraphic news, I ^t from London extending down to the 14th I January. We give such items as wore not in I du(ied in our Submarine Cable. We also give I inch extracts from the English papers as we can 1 m toom ADELAIDE, MONDAY. I The Alexandria arrived at Glenelg about 10 I tim. having made the down passage in 9G and 1 {he inward in 104 hours. The Malta tarima 1 it the Sound about 9 on the morning of the 110th and was to sail for Melbourne nt midnight. 1 The 'Geelong sailed for Galle at 8 on tho mom 1 k" of the 7th. Passengers by the Malta-For I Melbourne-Messrs. J. M'Nicol, J. Wallace, 1 Garbutt F. Brice.Miss Stephens, Mrs. Moss and 1 fami]y Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell and family, Gen. I Tom Thumb and party, Mr. and Mrs. Meschor I »lo For Sydney-Captain Holt Corry, Messrs. I KM. Stewart, W. W. Holt, T. C. Chamberlin, 1 A Bland, W. Bassett, Rev. Tollomache, A. G. I Smyth Mrs. Farquhar and child, Mr. and Mrs. I Macfarlane, Mr. and Mrs. Herre, Mr. Neale. I For Adelaide-Mr. and Mrs. Shipster, AV. 1 Guild, and W. Saunders. Mr. F. Brice died at 1 tea on the 9th of February. GENERAL SUMMARY. LONDON, DEC. 31ST. Tho Australian November mail was punctually delivered. The Princess of Wales has recovered from her confinement. Her infant daughter has boen christened Maud Charlotte Mary Victoria. The colonial question continues to be dis- cussed and agitated. Three more Wednesday conferences have boen held at the Cannon-street Hotel. Mr- Beaumont showed by striking sta- tistics how invariably trade follows the flag apparently the only argument to some minds in favour of the retention of our colonies. On the 15th, a deputation, introduced by Viscount Bury, waited on Earl Granville. It consisted of the Duke of Manchester, Viscount Millington, the Hon. A Kinnaird, Messrs. Hamilton, Edwd. Wilson, Walker, Carter, Gray, Labilliore, Young, Sutherland, Benjamin, Tobin, Sewell, Storr, Youl, Goodliffo, Booth, Cauthwaite, Roche, Rev. Mr. Herring, Colonel Syngo, and Dr. Eddy. The ostensible object of the interview was to disavow hostile intentions towards the Colonial OfHco in the circular issued last August, and to nrgo a modification of the present system of administering colonial affaira. The principal speakers were Viscount Bury, Mr. Young, the Duke of Manchester, Mr. Sewell, ViacountMilton,audMr. Tobin. Earl Granville uidhecouldnotassumeanyblamoforinisconcoiv ing tlie spirit of the circular, illustrated as it was by the tone of recent meetings, but ho had not allowed this to influoncehim in writing his des î patch to the colonial Governors. His objections to | the proposed Conference were twofold :-It was I not agreeable to the colonists themselves, and not ^calculated to accomplish tho objects sought. The jurist objection was confirmed by tho want of any I adequate response to the circular, which i Viscount Bury ascribed to Earl Granvillo's des Ipateh. Earl Granville rejoined that he thought |a standing Conference, while exciting the jea- lousy of larger colonies, would embarrass the (Minister and diminish responsibility. The {proper mode of communication with self-govern Img communities was by the Secretary of Stato, [through the Governors to the colonial Govern ! menta. The Earl disavowed the remarks at jtributcd to him respecting the separation of New Zealand. Tho present misunderstanding [was a mero matrimonial squabble, which j was likely to be aggravated by any attempt to j define the relations. The colonists are intensely [dissatisfied with tho interview. The Times and ¡Daily News think that Earl Granvillo's quizzing 1 speech will extinguish the agitation, but at tho 1 last meeting a resolution was proposed to form a [National, Colonial, and Emigration League. 'Whether the last mail's report of tho disapproval -of their proceedings will stop the movement 'remains to bo seen. An ablo and suggestive 'paper appears in The Times by Sir H. | Drummond Wolffo on the constitution and functions of a standing colonial council. The %c(«for urges that envoys from English-speak- ing colonies should be in constant coinmunica ition with the Imperial Government. Mr. Ross advocates the speedy completion of telegraphic communication with Australia, as calculated to increaso emigration by annihilating the adverse idea of the great distance of tho colonies. A movement has been initiated for amalga- mating the different metropolitan emigration societies. Government aid is still invoked. A Christmas-box of £1000 has been presented to Mr. Miller, of tho Jerusalem coffee-house. An Emigrant and Colonists' Aid Corporation, with a capital of £250,000, is announced. Lord Bury addressed a letter to the secretary of the Colonial Society, respecting tho chair- manship of the proposed Colonial Conference. He states that, unless assisted by tho Govern- ment, it is impossible for tho Conference to assemblo,and believes that the Conference, under Cresent circumstances, will be of no avail. hero are only two ways, he suya, for persons in England to obtain an expression of the colonial public opinion ; first through the Secre- tary of State for tho Colonies, and secondly by opposition in the Colonial Assembly. Admiral Paten has been appointed Governor of St. Helena. The office of Master of tho Mint is to be abolished. Mr. Lingen succeeds the Hon. G. A. HSinil ton as Secretary to the Treasury. Sir J. Sand- ¡ ford, Assistant Colonial Secretary, takes Mr. j Lingen's late Educational post. The Bishops of Exeter, Bath and Wells, and Falkland Islands wore consecrated on the 21st, in Westminster Abboy. The opposition to Dr. Templo was maintained to the last. Four formal and four informal protests wore lodged against him ; hut he declined to disavow his sympathy with Essaya anti Jietu'eiM. The John Bull inti- mates that his Episcopalian brethron will cut him aftor the confirmation of his olection. Dr. Wilberforce paid a visit to tho Queen, who in- vested that prelate with the Order of tho Garter. A warm testimonial has been presented to Dr. Temple by his forinor pupils. A suffragan bishop to the Archbishop of Canterbury has been appointed by the Government. Mr. Hayman'r. appointment to tho hoad mastership of Rugby is soveroly criticised, but ha* been confirmed by tho^trustoos. A measure has been drafted relative to primary education. ' Mr. Childers and Mr. Baxtor continuo zeal- ously at work upon Admiralty reform. The Universities of Oxford and Cambridgo sent deputations to Mr. Gladstone, urging the awlition of University tests. Mr. Lalioiichoro retirad from tho Southwark contest in favour of Mr. Odgor ; but Mossrs. Waterlow andLycott persist in their candidature, despite the remonstrances of tho Liberal press. Judgment has boon given against tho Rev. Mr. Maconochie for kuoeling boforo the conso cr.ited elements. Ho was condemned in costs. Vovioy's appoal comos on for heaving in robruary. The arbitrators liavo dooidod that £7,H2 is ano from Edwards to tho Crown. A Fenian attack has been mado upon the »alford militia barracks to soizu 800 stand of «wa, but was frustrated, The Welsh fasting girl died on tho eighth day T tho fortnight's watch in the prosonco of four nurses from Guy's Hospital. Her paronts ro tiiseil the oller to give tho girl any food. A verdict of manslaughter has boen returned »gainst tho father. Tho acquittal of the Overond and Gurney «ircctons was received with loud acclamations in Court. Tim verdict was approved of by tho judge, and the docision gavo great roliof to the city. The judge refused costs to tho prose- cutor. The Times' telegram from Borlin last week i ,Sr *'m* France had proposod a disarmament "t Vionim, Potowbiir^, Floronco, Borlin, and it wai supposed in London, but thoro has buen no wnlirmatioii. The btntomont ia believed to refer V»i A,li8HÎ011 «"trusted to General Fleury to «oüoh Russia from tho Prussian court, which «gniilly failed. ». E*rl. Clarendon sent tho congratulations of m British Government to M. Lossops, who was \ so pleased that he communicated the letter to Napoleon. Last Monday evening eighteen persons were crushed to death at the entrance of the Bristol Theatre, owing to a panic caused by a cry of fire. The performance nevertheless proceeded. The Archbishop of Canterbury is convalesc mt. Mr. Spurgeon has experienced a relapse. A series of destructive gales, with heavy rains, great floods, and high tides, has-been followed by fro3t, snow, and severe Christmas weather. The iron roof of King's College dining-room fell. Happily the hall was unoccupied at the time. The fall was caused by the vibration of the adjoining tramway. The engineers' report on the cracks in the granite columns of tho Holborn Viaduct states no damage has arisen to the safety of the struc- ture. The rifles of the volunteers are to bp gradually called in. At the conclusion of the Smithfield Cattle Show cases of foot-and-mouth disease were dis- covered, and numerous animals detained, by order of the Privy Council, at the Agricultural hall. The punishment of the lash has been innictea on eight garrottera. Broadhead, after a series of farewell gather- ings, has departed for America. Efforts aro making to secure co-operation be- tween tho Poor Law Authorities and voluntary relief agencies, for avoiding waste and imposition. A testimonial in the shape of a cheque for £1,340 has been presented to the' Rev. Thomas Binney, after a pastorate of 40 years. Several attempted assassinations are reported, accompanied by barbarous mutilation. Two Dublin gunsmiths' shops havo been entered and plundered by armed men. Two constables have been shot in Limerick County. A terrible storm has occurred at Limerick ; some old houses were blown down, and many peoplo .killed. , . Owing to the vigour of the Government the state of Ireland is less alarming than it was a month ago. Largo roinforcomonts of troops havo been sent, and moveablo columns organised. The Habeas Corpus Act has paralysed the Feni- ans. Two priests have been suspended. The dreaded anniversary of tho defence of Derry passed without disturbance. . j The Times censures South Australian pur- j chasers of land in the Northern Territory. | The. book of the "year has been published in the 'shape of Tennyson's Holy Grail. Charles Matthews is taking his farewells prior to leaving for Australia. General Tom Thumb's interesting troupe aro passengers by this mail. Obituary.-Lord Crawford, Countess of Fife, the Duchess d'Aumale, Duchess do Coigny, Lord Boston, Mr. D. Williams, M.P., Ex-Secre- tary Stanton, the Bishop of Manchester, M. Delangle, M.D. ; M. De Bourgeney, French senator ; Lord Torpichen ; Thomas Creswick, artist ; Tom Lockyer, cricketer ; Admiral Purcell ; Admiral Gore ; Admiral Tell. COMMERCIAL. Exports show but little change, the total being £1,209,081 against £1,213,420 in tho preceding month. Details-Victoria £540,023 decreaso £75,002 ; Sydney £272,100 decreaso £7,331 ; Queensland, increase £37,201 ; Adelaide, £20,100 j Tasmania, decrease £32,705 ; Now Zealand, increase £45,233. MONEY MARKET, &o.; There is a brisk demand for Australian securi- ties. New Zealand have improved. Discount. -Three per cent. Consols, dull, 92. The eighth South Australian loan has boon successfully placed at an average of about 108.5. Bank- ruptcies and mercantile failures aro extremely numerous. Legal steps are threatened to restrain the directors of the European Company from paying annuities to agonts and officials who effected tho ruinous amalgamations. The Board of Trade returns for. November show a satisfactory increase Colonial Securities.-Victorian sixes, January July, 114J ; do., April-October, 111 ; Now South Wales fives, 1871-1873, January-July,|102 ; do., fives', 1838-95, January-July, 102 ; New Zea- land fives, 1891, 951 ; do. sixe3, 1891, March Suptomber, 100 ; Queensland sixes, January July, 110 ; do., 1891, 110 ; South Australian Government securities, 1893-1903, 113 ; Hob son's Bay Railway, 50 ; do. bonds, 18S0, 104. At tho half-yearly meeting of the London Chartered Bank of Australia, hold on the 7th of December last, a dividend of four per cont. was declared on the half-year, freo of income tax. Tho chairman stated that last year, gene- rally speaking, had beon more free from failures than the averago, although one Melbourne failure, that of Mr. Hugh Glass, stood promi- nently forward, and was larger than common, and must, ho feared, in tho end entail losses on some parties. Fortunately, the bank was amply secured. PRODUCE MARKETS. Now Zealand flax, best, £15 por ton for sound. Australian tallow inactivo. P.Y.C. declined from Is. to 2s. per cwt. . Now quoted-Mutton, fair to good, 45s. to 4üs. ; beuf, 44s. to 44s. Gd, Hides are in moderate doinind. The market is dull at a decline of Jil. on all kinds. Leather is steady of sale at jd. lower. The whole of the stock has boen cleared. Mimosa bark is dull ; ground, £3 to £3 5 s. ; chopped, £7 12s. ; long, £0 10s. CONTINENTAL. FRANCE. After endless rumours, the resignation of the Cabinet was announced on the 2Sth. Nearly all tho late elections have boen declared valid. Parliamentary parties have fallon into hopoloss confusion. Owing to loudly-expressod dissatis- faction with the abuse of hor influence, the Empress ceases to take a prominent part in politics. Count Chambord has issued a manifesto on the prosont stato of Franco, declaring hereditary monarchy to bo the only harbour of refuge M. Guizot asserts that Parliamentary government alono can insure an effective alliance of order with liberty. Tho iiationiilfinancesareroportedtobein a very nour- ishing condition. The protectionist agitation is provoking an organised action of freetraders. Traupniann's trial caused groat excitement. Fifteen thousand applications wore rocoivod from persons wishing to bo present. Ho was pro nouncod " Guilty," and condemned to donth. Tho formation of a" now Cabinot has boon entrusted to M. Ollivior. The Emperor, by letter, requested him to select persons who can with himsolf form a homogeneous Cabinet faith- fully representing tho legislativo majority. Per- sonal government appears to have surrendered its functions, and tho basis of a Parliamentary regime is laid. SPAIN. Prim obstinately adheros to tho candidature of the young Duko of Goiloa, despite the oppo- sition of his family and friends. Constitutional guarantees havo been restored. Tho strongth of tho army is fixed at 80,000. A commission has been appointed to inquire into tho disappearance of the Crown jowels during tho Christmas rocoss. Miniatura havo gono on a hunting expedition to the mountains of Toledo, accompanied by a strong guard. Two Republicans compromised in the Into rising havo been executed. The ex-Ministor of Finance has boon stabbed by a former colleague, from revengo. The sale of tho Churoh and national property has beon resumed. PORTUGAL. The Government is unpopular and weak. Tho Duke of Saldanha, tho popular military chief, aged 90, has boon violently attacking tho Min- istry. An insurrection is feared. Tho War Minister has rosignod. ITALY. Tho ministerial crisis has at length terminated by Lanza constructing ji Cabinet. Sweeping financial reforms avu promised, and additional taxes aro foreshadowed. The disbandment of 40,000 mon is rumoured. Considorablo oxoito llient has boon produced by the dissolution of tho Congress at Naples-hold in opposition to tho, Ocumonical Council-at which sovoral countries wore reprosontod by deputies. An anti council moots noxt Soptombor in Switzerland. Tho Ocumonical Council was opened on the 8th, amidst tho poaling of bolls from 3G0ehurcho3. It was inaugurated by a disootirao by tho Archbishop of Iconiciun, a Benedictine. Four sub.soquont sittings havo been held, with cloBod doors. Thoro aro alroady roports of dissension and intriguo amongst tho fathers, and of strong opposition on tho part of tho French, Gorman, and American Bishops to tho dogma of Papal infallibility. But subtle moasures have boon taken by tho Pope and his Jesuit advisors to sliflu discussion by remitting obnoxious sub- jects to safe coiumittoos. A bull communicated at tho second mooting oecisionod surprise and indignation. If tho infallibility project is per- sisted in, ii great disruption ia probable The council is oxpootod to sit six months. Tho Fronoh ambassador has warned the Pope of I tho probable eqiwoquonco of His high-handed proceedings. One Cardinal is dead. It is con- jectured that Manning will be the next Pope. GERMANY. Balaud, who shot the Rov. Heinrich during service in Berlin Cathedral, has been sentenced to 12 years' hard labour. AUSTRIA. The Reichsrath was opened by the Kaiser on the 13th. Undue reserve in his speech is com- plained of. The Ministry is divided, and the minority asked leave to resign. An interview between the Kaiser and the King of Italy is fixed for January 11th, at Ancona. AMERICA. Negotiations on the Alabama question when resumed must be conducted at Washington, to avoid the blandishments of English society. An order has been issued for the re-establish- ment of military rule in Georgia. A public funeral has been authorised for the late Mr. Peabody's remains. Congress has refused a renewal of the reci- procity treaty with Canada. The House qi Assembly adopted resolutions against repudia- tion by 123 votes against one. A World's Fair is to be held at Washington in 1870\. The Isthmus of Darien Canal project has beon revived. The Fenians aro preparing a hostile expedition against Canada. "An inflammatory manifesto has been circulated through Ireland. The Cuban insurrection is dying out. CANADA. Tho Red River insurgents have issued n de- claration of independence, protesting against their transfer to Canada without their consent, but are willing to negotiate. General M'Dougall raised a force of Indians and half- breeds to attack the robéis. The Canadian Government meanwhile suspend the payment of the purchase money to the Hudson's Bay Company. M'Dou- gall has beon recallod. A memorial from the residents of British Columbia has been presented to President Grant praying for the annexation of that state to the United States, on the ground that tho con- federation of that state with the Dominion of Canada is injurious to their interests. INDIA AND THE EAST. GALLE. Colonel Glover, R.E., is now staying at Galle, making arrangements preliminary to lay- ing tho telegraph cable to Singapore. The Great Eastern is now daily'expected at Bombay, and will, after laying the Suez and Bombay cabio, return to England to bring out and lay the cable from Gallo to Singaporo, and after- wards lay the cabio to Hong Kong, completing tho great submarine system between England and China. The North German frigate Hertha, Commodore Kohler, was the first war ship which passed through the Suez Canal. She is now here on her way to join the squadron in the Japanese waters. CALCUTTA. A most splendid ceremony occurred in con- nexion with the Duko's visit. He was invested as Knight of the Star of India, in the presence of English and native knights, at a chapter of the order held by the Earl of Mayo, grand master. Tho Duko has left Calcutta, and gone hunting. Steps are being taken to open up now coal- fields in order to afford the means of railway communication, BOMBAY. Arrangements are being made for tho estab- lishment of a line of steamers between Bombay and Trieste via Suez Canal. The canal appears likely to chango the charactor of the trade to the East, which will bo carried on by steamers. Much of it will go direct to the various south European ports instead of to England. JAPAN. DEO. 29TH. Several commercial companies have bec started at Yoddo for the purpose of raising mill machinory and building steam vessels. A destructivo fire has occurred at Osaka. A contract for the construction of a railway has been concluded by Mr. N. W. Lay. Ile represents some capitalists who entrusted bim with money to lend to the Japanese Govern- ment for the construction of reproductivo pub- lic works. He now advances one million atorling to tho Government for a lino from Osaka to Yeddo, about 300 miles long. The line will be constructed by English* engineers, and will bo the property of the-Government. The Japanese Government is about to issue a new dollar, with subsidiary coins. The issue is viewed favourably by foreigners. CHINA. Tho Chamber of Cummeroo at Horn; Kong purpose to undertake the commercial exploration of Western China. A man named Walter J. Meyer has boan col- lecting subscriptions for tho publication of a Gazetteer as the representative of Messrs Gordon and Gotch. Ho was identified as having sowed his imprisonment at Bombay for fraudulent re- presentations of a similar kind. Cases of piracy are increasing. Tho Chinese gunboats have recently returned from Shanghai, having boon successful in recap- turing the Government juiVc taken by the pi- rates. Several outrages on foreigners aro re- ported. The Fronch Envoy was received at Nanking with distinguished honours. Efforts aro being mido by the Nanking Government to opon coal minos by the aid of English engineers. HONG KONG. JAN. IOTII. Australian coals, 5'GOdol. ; sovereigns, 4-55 dol. SHANGHAI. JAÎT. 4TH. . Australian coals, 5-75dol. SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. LONDON, JAN. 11TH. The balance of tho Victorian loan was nego- tiated on tho 11th. Offers wero mado amount- ing to three millions and upwards, at the adver- tised minimum, viz., 100Í-. Various emigration societies offer to co-oper- ate with the National Emigration League. The committee of colonists forward a tempornto let- ter this mail. Mr. Boaumont's resolution was adopted at a subsequent meeting, and a Na- tional Colonial Leaguo has been formed. A man named George Dyor has surrondod on a self-accusation of having murdered another man named George Wilson, 12 years ago, at the gold-diggings, Victoria. He has beon remanded for further inquiry. Professor Gamgee professes to have solved the question of tho preservation of moat. Siun plo casos have boon forwarded this mail. Van Diomen's Land shares aro quoted at £11. LATE TELEGRAMS. I LONDON, JAX. 13TII. In replying to tho congratulations of the Cham- bers, His Majesty said that " Nover was a good understanding between us moro necessary or ' more advantageous than now. Your privileges havo boon increased, without diminishing the au- thority I holdfrom tho nation. In sharing respon- sibility with the groat bodies of the state I am moro confidont of overcoming difficulties in tho future ; like the travellor who, after a long journey, relieves himself of a portion of his burdon, aiiu does not thereby weakon himself, but eathers frosh courage to continuo lus course." A" very unploasant affair has caused great excitement in Paris. Princo Pierro Bonaparte challenged M. Henri De Roohefort for attack- ing lum in the Marseillaise. M. Noir, a journalist and friond of Rochefort, waited on tho Priuco to arrange tho proliniiuarios. A quarrel arose. M. Noir iissaultod tho Prince, and tho latter took a pistol and shot M. Noir dead. M. Ollivior, with the Emperor's ap- proval, orderod the arrest of tho Prince, and imprisoned him at Muzas. Tho Princo will bo triod boforo tho High Court of Justice. At Noir's funeral intonso oxcitonioiit pre- vailed. Iinmonse crowds assomblud in the ovoning, paraded tho streots, singing tho " Marsoilhiiso," and pelted tho police. Thero was, ho wovor, no serious breach of order. Tho obnoxious nowspapor, tho Marseillaise, has buen seized, and the Chamber of Deputies has authorised n prosocution of M. Rochefort, for oxciting to rovolt. M. lloohofort inado a violont speech in tho Chamber, demanding that tho Princo should bo triod before nu ordinary tri- bunal. M. Ollivier defended the procooding us boing conformable to law, and remarked with rospect to tho popular oxcitonioiit that ho would defend the law by force if nocossary. M. Haussmiinn, the Prefect of the Soino, has rosigiiod, and M. Chora has boon appointed his sneeussjr. Tho Minister of the Interior luis sent a circu- lar to tho various protects, saying that ho will strive onorgotieally to offect a union of tho Empire with liborty, but ho must first maintain order with a view to the repression of all arbi trary acts. He urges freeedom of lection and strict impartiality on the part of the magistrates. Sir William Mansfield remains another "year as commander-in-ehief of the anny of India. His successor, it is expected, will bo Sir Hope Grant. Lord Napier will probably fill an im- portant post in the India Oliico. ADDITIONAL AND SUPPLE MENTARY ITEMS. (PER GREVILLE AND CO., REDTER's AGENTS.) The rovenuo of the year 1369 amounts to £70,750,000. A submarine telegraph company has been formed to lay a line to China mid Japan, »id Russia in Asia. Tho excitement in Paris is subsiding, but a feeling of uneasiners prevails. SPECIAL FOR GREVILLE'S AGENCY. LONDON, JAN. 12TH. I The last series of wool sales were concluded I MI the 8th December. They comprised 133,943 bales. An animated tone characterised the biddings for the better kinds, but the price was unchanged. Inferior sorts were-Ad. to Id, per lb. higher. . Australian copper was £73. Archdeacon M'Kenzie has been appointed suffragan bishop of Lincoln. A meeting to advocate reciprocity of trade was held in Manchester on December 6th, under the presidency of Mr. Richard^ Haworth. Resolu- tions wero passed, sympathising with the con- dition of the British workmen in the present depression of trade, condemning the present commercial policy, and demanding an investiga- tion into the best means to obtain redress. The Government has directed- a prosecution against a Catholic priest of the name of Ryan at Cashel, for using language calculated to pro- duce a breach of the peace, at a public meeting. He declared that the old system of revenge ,upon landlords was given up, but that now a tenant, when dissatisfied, took his revolver secretly and " tumbled " his landlord. The O'Donohue has written a very temporato letter on the present condition of Ireland, urging tho Irish people to co-operate with the Liberal party in obtaining redress of then' grie- vances by constitutional means. The national papers denounce him for publishing this lottor. Two policemen have been shot at Limerick ; one was mortally wounded. i . Secretary Fish has sent a circular to various maritime powers, dated December 28th, urging that a convention of states be called relativo to ocean cables. He suggests a reciprocity of con- cessions between states, and an agreement for the protection of the cabios during war ; also, that all despatches should have immunity from Government espionage. Obituary.-Lady Catherine Ricardo, Mr. John I Parsons, Mr. C. G. Cholmondeley, General Sir David Capron, Dr. Stewart, C.B., Captain Manning, Lady Harriet Cowper, Earl of Antrim, Mr. Feilding. COMMERCIAL. Wool.-Victoria fleece and lamb, Is. to2s. Id. ; scoured, &c;, Is. to 2s. ; unwashed,'7d. to Is. New South Wales fleece and Jamb, lO&d.; to Is. ; scoured, Is. to 2s, 3d. ; unwashed, 5d7 to 9d, The following extracts are from the papers to hand : ENGLAND. Spito of nil the opposition ofl'erod to him and it has boen peculiarly Btormy, and of a cha- racter not easily overlooked-Dr. Tomplo is Bishop of Exeter. At his consecration remon- strances wero urged and difficulties thrown in the way, but tho ceremony was carried through as though they existed not. Evory stop in his advancement has boon boset with difficulties. When Mr. Gladstono recominondod and the Crown nominated, when the Chapter fulfilled its functions and elected bim, at his confirma- tion, and when ho did homage to royalty, great was the tribulation of those who feared him. On the 24th of December he was onthroned, and had such a reception as few ecclesiastics of modern times have had accorded to thom. In the course of the sermon preached by Dr. Templo referring to the Bible, ho said :-"I can read other books which aro full of moral wisdom ; I can find in them the loftiest, the 11103t religious sonti ments ; 1 tan lind in thom the wisest advice, but for all that, go where I will, I never find in any other book that strange power which bows down tho soul, whether it will or no, and makes it acknowlodgo tho pvoaoiieo of tho Spiv-it of God. I read great moralists of ancient days ; I am struck with the religious feelings of Plato ; I road great teachers of the early Church ; I am struck with the extraordinary power of insight into divine truth, which I lind in St. Athanasius and in St. Augustine, but still thero is wanting in them, whenever I read thom, this one thing which marks tho Bible out from every other book that has ever boon written ; that this book, and this book alono, seems to realise that description which is given of the toaching of our Lord ' He spoke with authority and not as the Scribes.'" There is, says the Home News, not a saddor sight in Christendom than the gatos loading to the casual wards of the metropolitan work- houses on a winter's night. Evory conceivable form of povorty-stricken misery crouches round tho dark-looking porchos. As a rule, the ap- plicants for admission look as though they wore committing a cruelty upon themselves by at- tempting to prolong their sufferings by seeking sholter. On summer evenings a horrid mockery of merriment and ribald fun is indulgod in by the waiting casuals, but in the winter, God help them ! all their wickedness seems frozen up within them, and thoy creop and crouch behind gables and under walls, waiting for tho doors to open, with a quiet patience that would be dangerous wero thoy not so weak and wicked. On Christmas-night-it was a cold bitter night for tho ill-clothed and the ill-fed the usual congregation of cadgers and casuals wore turned away from One of the work- houses near London. The first result of this turning away was a look of curious inquiry and incredulity on the part of the paupers. They know thoir rights pretty well, thoso people, and whatever obstructions thoy may moot on thoir way, thoy alwny3 fool sure of the shelter of the casual ward at night. On the present occasion any doubt thoy may havo entertained was soon dissipated. At a public-houso opposito somo good soul had provided for those wayfarors mid evory casual who chose to apply Mr it that night-and it is wonderful how the nowa spread, and how quickly and to what extent tho original number was added to-was served with a pint of foaming " fottlod" ale, spicod and sugared to such an extent that it kept thoir hoarts wann for boura afterwards, and a pondorous piece of cake that would havo produced dyspepsia in any well-regulated constitution. The recipients, no doubt, soon rocoverod from from any iucon vnninnoo thov mtiv havo experienced. Tho casualties of the month--thoy have boon unusually light-may be said to havo culminatod at Christmas. A few days b6foro tho holidays commencod, a mau who felt',himself aggrieved bocauao tho wife of anothor mun rofused to con- tinuo to livo with him, wont down to the ploasant villa»o of Ewell and blow up the woman and the portion of the houso in which she rosidod with blasting powdor. Tho result scarcoly answored his expectation. Ho himself was blown to death at onco ; a man to whom the houso belonged so soriously injurod that his lifo is despairod of ; whilst the woman on whoso account ho commit- ted tho crimo escaped almost unhurt. On Ohristnias-ovo, a dooont poor girl who had boon ovorjoyod all day at having her brothor, a sol dior, " spending Christmas" with hor, suddonly lost hor reason and throw horaolf into u small stream on the banks of which sho was walking with hor brothor. She was drowned. Boxing-night nt Bristol wit- nessed- ii vory sorry accident. Somo two thousand people had assembled round tho doora of the theatre. When tho doors wero oponod a crush took placo, and oightoen persons wore trampled to death. The houso was filled, how over, and tho pantomimo playod out. Tho fear of creating a panic within tho walls by an- nouncing tho calamity without is gi von as a roason for this part of tho performance. Quito ns terrible, and almost as disastrous an accident occurred in London on Christinas night. By an unexplained accidont, the houso in which a policeman, togothor with his wifo and family one member of tho latter being n wee baby just a wook old-caught firo, and the mother and iivo children wero burned to doath. On Wodnosday night n ballot dnncor, engaged at the Croydon Thoutro, was so burnt whilst ongagod in tho spoctaclo attending tho transformation scono, that thora is little hopo of hor lifo being saved. We formerly noticed, about two years ago, that the daughter of a Welsh farmer, then in her twelfth year, had been seizod with a vomiting of blood, and had never since been able to leave her bed or take food. Her case attracted great attention, many persons visiting her, and leav- ing presents which induced her parents to make a regular exhibition of their daughter. She was to be seen lying in her bed, decorated as a bride having round her head a wreath of flowers, with ribands and other ornaments, In this condition she is said to have remained during the last two years without touching either food or drink, except that her lips were moistened with water once a fortnight. Some time ago, a watch was set, but it was not ascertained that food had been given her. The authorities of Guy's Hospital, London, agreed to send four nurses to have a thorough scientific examination of the case. Great precautions were used, and the watch commenced on Thursday week. The girl got neither food nor drink, and gradually sank till she became delirious, and died on Friday at 3 p.m. It is believed that the girl had not previously fasted altogether, and her parents refuse to reveal the secret of her ap- parent abstinence. An inquest has been held on her body, and a verdict of " Manslaughter" returned against her father. Some people think the doctors were not altogether blameless in the matter. R. H. Horne, better known of late years in Australia than here, seems to be of this opinion, and in a letter to the Daily News says, that " other persons can hardly fail to be implicated in the melancholy and misguided transaction." IRELAND. I The true feelings of the tenantry of Ireland, tho real limits of their desires, have beon well illustrated (says the JS^uropean Mail) by a recent sale in the Landed Estates Court. A consider abloproporty in the counties of Cork and Limerick, in the very heart of the disaffected districts, was put up for salo in lots, and a large number of tenant-farmers attended. The lots wero sold at good prices, running up to twenty-four years' purchase, the buyers being often the tenants themselves. This fact shows that the tenants do not look forward to any abolition of rent, and that thoy are willing to redeem the obli- gation at líricos yielding thom only 4 per cent, on their outlay. So far the circumstance sup- ports the allegation that the tenants are often depositors in tho local banks, where they would certainly receive loss than 4 per cent., while their willingness to redeem existing rents would seem, to show that they were not exorbitant. But there was one remarkable incident of tho Bale. A tonant-farmer bid £2000 for a farm, and it was stated that this was much below its value ; whereupon tho farmer stood up in court and said that ho had been on the farm all his life, and | had made it from a barron waste what it was, adding that he always paid his ront regularly. It might be supposed that this statement would have increased the competition, but thora was no attempt to outbid the tenant. Tho narrative is eloquent on the condition of Ireland. It lays down in tho plainest manner the limits of inter- ference desired by the farmers of tho country. It brings to light the conservatism ready to be de- veloped as soon as their relations with their landlords shall have boon once satisfactorily de- termined. An outrage at Ballycuinber, in the King's County, where the ruffians who searched a Mr. O'Connor's house for arms ended by deliberately cutting off tho greater part of tho gentleman's nose, is headed by the Even- ing Mail, " Gradual Growth of Barbarism in Ireland." The conduct of a servant who es- caped from tho houso and convoyed tho in- telligence of the attack to a neighbouring gentle- man is much praised. Mr. Bailey and his two sons immediately came to the scene, togothor with a friend, with six loaded woapons ; and on the eldest son, Christopher Bai- ley, jumping the ditch bounding tho lawn of Moorock-lodgo, ho mot the seven men. Six ran ; he closed on the sovonth, shouting to his father that they were there. Tho ruffian en- deavoured to draw his revolver, but Bailey swore ho would shoot him if ho stirred. On the moment his fathor carno up ; and though tho fellow had the revolver on his arm, young Bailey tripped him up, and putting his knee on him, took the revolvor from him, and carried bim up prisoner to tho houso. The handkerchief that he had round his face to disguise him was in his pocket. He was made to put it on, and at once Mrs. O'Connor recognised him us ono of thoso who put a pistol to her head, and this ho himsolf admitted to bo tho case. He says he carno from a distauco of 12 miles off, and was forced to join tho party. A second arrest has since been made of a man who has been fully identified by Mr. O'Connor. An attempt has been made to represent the occurrence as acci- dental mid greatly exaggerated, but the state- ment is unfounded. Thooutrago was deliberately committed. One of tho party seized Mr. O'Connor by the nose, and with a knife hacked It almost off, together with a piece of lils lip. Ho had his hands soveroly cut in attempting to protoct himself. At 10 minutes before 9 o'clock on tho morning of Dec. 14 four men entered tho shop of Mr. Dowling, gunsmith, Dame-stroet, Dublin, and one presented a revolver at an apprentice behind the counter, saying that if ho made an alarm ho would be shot. Another placed a shutter across the door leading to the dwelling-house The two shop-boys screamed, and Mr. Dowling, who was at breakfast, came down staira, and, stum- bling over the shutter, asked what all tho noise was about. Ono of tho party levelled his revol- ver and fired, saying, "That's it." Dowling was not hurt. Finding the alarm givon tho men went away. At tho door ono of thom fired again, but without effect. Tho fourth man had a carpet-bag. They escaped down Eustace-street, giving a cheer. In half an hour afterwards tho shop of Mr. Parkinson, gunsmith, Avrunquay, was entered by four men, apparently the same persons, and a similar sceiio occurred. The porter, leaving tho shop to raise an alarm, was fired at, but missed. Mr. Parkinson, hear- ing tho noise, carne down and was fired at with- out effect. Ho went into tho hall for assistance and the party escaped, three of them gotting into a cab waiting for them in tho lano. The police were informed of tho occurrence, but no arrests havo boon made. Tho Irish Poor-law Boards aro taking to the discussion of polities, and, at a meeting of tho North Dublin Union on Wednesday, a resolution was carriod, calling upon tho Prime Minister to grant a ' Royal residence and a triennial Par- liament in Ireland as the only remedy for tho pauperism and widespread disaffection which exists.' Mr. Erson, who proposed tho motion, made a long speoch, in which he said that tho doserted streets and vacant docks and ware- houses of tho city testify to tho absence of a patornal government. The correspondent of ' The Times, in noticing the speech, says that 'Dublin novor prosonted such sub- stantial evidence of wealth and prosperity us it does at presont. Tho loading streets, which not many years ago wore full of dingy and dilapidated houses, many of thom untonantud, have undorgono a transformation. Now and handsome buildings have replaced the old ones, and rents, in most instances, aro doubled. As to the docks and warehouses, the river is gene- rally full of shipping. _ The quays are lined with steamers, and exhibit unmistiikoablo signs of commercial activity, which wore not to be seen somo years ago. A good graving dock has boen built. Now and extensivo docks aro required, and about to bo built, for the accommodation of tho increasing traffic ; mid within tho bust fow years, tho trade of shipbuilding, which had boon banished from the port, has beon successfully re- established. The city is extending its borders on all sides. Tho numbor of shops hits immense- ly increased, and new suburbs aro rapidly sin-mains: up.' Though tïio Roman Catholic priests of Ireland havo conjoined to a great extent in the condem- nation of Feniimism, a strong party of thom is in favour of releasing tho Fenian prisoners. It is stated that Dr. O'Brion, Dean of Limerick, has in three days rocoivod five hundred names to a declaration sotting forth that au amnesty to the Fenian jirisoners would bo accoptod as a boon by tho poople of Ireland, and that the interests of tho empire aro ondangorod rathol' than sorvod by a continuunco of ' the policy of severity,' A declaration to the, like effect is in course of signature by ' tho Roman Catholio clorgymon in Ireland and Grout Britain. Tho priests say, a thorough kuowlodge of our flocks onablo us to assure tho Government that such an act of clomoncy will bo rocoivod by tho Irish pcoplo as a confirmation of tho hope that an ora of grace and justice has boon in- augurated , and will tend to tho consolidation and preservation of peacj and order in tho country. ' Amongst the number is Donn Muwo of Traloo, who has treatod the sympathisers with Fonianism vory Bovoroly. Hor Majosty's Govornmont havo diroctod that a proaocutiou shall bo instituted against a Roman Catholio clergyman, tho Rov. J. Ryan, of Cashel who at tho rocont nomination of candidatos for tho county of Tipporary used languago which almost ehulleiigod the proceeding. Ho said, that tho old systom of taking rovongo on tho landlords was ontiroly givon up, and that the pooplo woro now acting on a now, patent, and most successful principle. " Ono brother will not trust another with tho socrot, nor the fathor the son, nor tho son tho mothor, with what ho intends to do. Ho goos out, hu takes his rovolvor and tumbles his landlord." This prosocution will bo hailed with approval, as evidonco of a determination on tho part of ,tho oxecutivo to deal firmly with seditious uttorancos. 27se Times says :-Wo aro happy to leam that the Rev. Mr. Ryan, the priest who described tho Tumbling of Landlords on the Tipperary Hustings, has been suspended ; and that the Bishop of Waterford has also suspended the Rev. M. Mooney, for writing a threatening letter to Colonel Charteris's agent. The Apprentice Boys' procession at London- derry, on Saturday, December 18th, in honour of tho anniversary of the shutting of the gatos of Deny, passed off without disturbance. The procession was marshalled in the morning, and after a march, the effigy of Lundy was burned. There was also a Catholic procession, and those taking part in it burned tho effigies of Mr. Madden, Major of the town, and of Mr. John Johnston, M.P. Neither of the partios mado an attack on the other, and thus order was re- stored throughout the day. In tho aftornoon mid evening rain fell, which had the effect of holping to clear the stroots.* Tho Govonnnont had a large militnry force in readinoss, but their services wero not required. 2Yie Times of the" following Monday, in a leader on the subject, says :-' It was not until Friday evening that the real determination of tho Government was known, and it was then announced that poace should bo presorved, not by preventing the procession, but by protecting it from interference Wo cannot holp regretting that the resolution of the Government, suppos- ing it inevitable, had not been clearly stated from the first. As it was, their determination seepit to have been tardily formed ; and after some vacillation and change of purposo in the existing state of Ireland, the very appearance of uncertainty or irresolution on^the part of the Ministers of the law is a great evil. The end, however, happily was better than tho means taken to secure it.' SCOTLAND. The Marquis of Bute, it is reported, took with bim from Scotland to Romo a magnificent silver cross of Gothic workmanship, adorned with Scottish stones, and presented it to the Pope, who directed that it was to bo usod as the pro- fessional cross of the Council. Tho cross was made by a well-known Catholio jeweller in Glasgow. There is a rumour, however, that the Marquis, disgusted at some of the goings on in connection with tho Ocumenical Council, has left the " Eternal City," and jp meditating a return to the Church of his fathers. A dreadful accident occurred, on Decamber 21st, on tho Great North of Scotland Railway, near Huntly, some 40 miles from Aberdeen. The storm of the past week rendered it necessary to keep portions of the line clear by the use of a light snow plough. Mr. .Bato, one of the inspec- tors of way, a driver, and throe firemen wero employed on two engines with the plough attached at this work. Suddenly, when pro- ceeding along an embankment, the engines sprang, as it wero, from tho rails over to the opposito sides of the lino, dragging tender and plough with thom. One of the engines was greatly damaged, being crushed into the tender, whilo tho second eugino, after rolling over twice, alighted on its wheels, having only sustained a breakago of tho funnel. On assis- tance coming quickly to hand, Mr. Bate, the driver, and two of tho firemen wero found to havo boen killed. Tho fifth man escaped with sonio slight bruises. The cause of the calamity is, as yet, unknown. The rails have been ascer- tained to be perfectly sound, and the traffic hits boen continued without interruption. On Docombor Ofch an explosion took placo in one of the storehouses of tho Rosslyn Powder Mills, situated about a milo from the village of Rosslyn. Eighteen barrels of sporting gun- powder wore placed in the storehouse, and a short time boforo the explosion tho houso was visited by the person in charge, who found all right. A quarter of an hour afterwards an ox plosion took place, the building boing completely destroyed, and other works unroofed. The houses near had their windows all broken. Wonderful to Btate, only ono man was hurt, and his injuries are not serious. AUSTRALIA MISREPRESENTED. The writer in the European Mail under tho name of tho " Anglo-Australian in London" gives the following instances of the absurd nonsense written about the colonies, of which wo havo so often complained : - If Englishmen at home know littlo of the habits and mode of life of thoir follow-country , men iii. Australia, it ia nob for waut o£ plenty of books upon the subject ¡ but unfortunately too many of the tourists who publish the results of their travel and observation in the colonies, by their very brief and superficial experience, mis- lead thomselves, and unconsciously deceive their renders. I am led into this remark by tho por usual of a recently published book ontitled "The Antipodes, and Round tho World," by Mrs. Godfrey Clerk, daughter of Sir Bartle Frere. The following anecdotes, narratodbythat lady, may bo taken as a samplo of what is retailed in England as " colonial oxperionco. " Mrs. Clork naively Bays : " A gentleman of my acquaintance on arriving at a port in Australia, and finding no one who looked Uko a porter by professsion to take his portmanteau to tim hotel, said to a rough-looking man who was standing on the wharf with Ins hands in his pockets, ' ' Here, my man, if you'll tako this up to tho hotel for mo, I'll give you half-a-crown." The man scowled at him, took a couple of sovereigns out of his pocket, throw them into the sea, turned away without a word, and marched off with tho most contemptuous expression on his counte- nance" Again, to illustrate the precocity of the fair Sydnoyitos, Mrs. Clork narrates: "A lady on boing asked to lot hor littlo ghi of 13 como to a child's party, repliod, ' Well, really I don't know"whether silo can or not ; I will mako inquiries. You know her engagements and mino aro quito different, and I do not know what her plans may bo for Monday.'" The worst of it is that such crudo and fallacious pictures of Aus- tralian sociallif o are aecopted by numerous readers with credulous faith, and hence a good many people at home havo a sort of notion that tho man- ners and habits of tho colonists aro strangely eccontric,andinsomorospectsvory similar to thoso of "barbarians." Mrs. Clork, aftor her short trip (and she is only a type of an increasing class of scribbling tourists), fools herself com- placently at home in tho fiold of Australian politics, and sums up tho features of Colonial Legislatures in general, und the Queensland Parliament in particular, by tho curt observa- tion, " To see the way in which our Parliament is imitated in the Colonies, rather reminds ono of children playing at boing grown up." This remark some of tho critics think displays con- siderable judgment and shrewdness^ 1 will not stop to discuss tho amount of truth it contains, for the colonists aro well ablo to judge for thom- selves on this point. It is, howevor, a great pity that so many of tho books on Australia should bo so flippantly written. THE COLONIAL CONFERENCE. The sumo writer says : Whothor or not Colonial Parliaments domoan thomsolvos liko children playing at boing grown up, tho colonists who attend tho Cannon-street woekly pnblic meetings on tho colonial quostion conduct themsulvos, in the opinion of very many (to invert Mrs. Clork's similo), "liko mon play- j ing at children." Unless soma alteration bo promptly mado in the manner of thoir proceed- ings, tho wholo affair will inovitably fall into ridicule, and really becomo what a portion of the Press already osteoms it, "a moro farce" To bugin with-no kind of order whatovor roigns at those meetings. Everyone seems to speak ' ' as ofton as the spirit movos bim," without any re- gard to tho rolovancy of what ho says, or any of tho rules that ordinarily rogulnto publie discus- sions. It is useloss to blink tho fact that tho Chairman, who is othorwiso highly rospoctod, is utterly unable to control the meetings, which aro fast acquiring undor his chairmanship many of the dogonorate foaturos of "a free and easy dobating club." Mr. Youl, or Air. Voule, us tho Telegraph calls him in ono of its reports, Booms to enjoy his nowly-ncquirod notorioty, and if his speeches aro not tho most practical in the world, thoro can bo no doubt about the disinterestedness and sin- cerity of his intentions. Tho colonists who uttondod tho deputation to Lord Granvillo tho other day, bitterly complained that thoir dolivor ancos woro imporfoctly reported by tho London Press ; and Mr. Sowoll's griovanco is, that they made him appoar to havo delivered a speech, wlioroos ho novor made ono at all. Tho gontlo lnon who hoped to aimihilato Lord Granvillo by their argumonts went away looking very littlo. This has boon variously accountod for ; but an observant critic has partially attributed tho poor figure thoy mado to tho discordant and hotorogei» ora cintraste rot tho deputation. Thoy talked beforehand, at tho rooms of the Royal Colonial Society, very fiercely of tho onslaught thoy intondod to nuiko upon Lord Granvillo ; but tho chief they had chosen happonod to bo Lord Bury, who, as ill-natured portions Bay, is looking out for a share in the loavos and fishes of tho present Ministry, and whoso policy, at any rate, is to koop in with tho Colonial Sucre tary. Undor his infhicnco the deputation speedily abandoned the warlike attitude pre- viously determined upon; and so "between two stools" caine to the ground. Nothing could bo moro bland and apologetic than the tone of thoir feeble speeches to Earl Granville; and hia lordship is too much of a skilled dobater not to take advantage of such a weak line of tactics. It is much to bo lamented that they and their followers seem, by their vacillation, hardly to know themselves what their precise objects are ; and by giving countenance to the capricious substitution of ono sot of independent resolu- tions for another at tho Cannon-street meetings, it in hard to say when tho deliberations of the latter aro likely to como to au end. The un business-liko shuttlecock treatmont that Mr. Westgarth'» resolutions have received, is very undignified. That gentleman has cortainly the credit of boing at all events as high an authority upon colonial questions as Mr. Beaumont, and it is difficult to soo in the resolutions which the lattor desires to tlixust upon tho colonists, any super-eminont merita that entitle them to prior consideration. There is no doubt that the recent agitation has arisen principally out of tho Now Zealand difficulties ; and now that the mail has brought us news of a fast brightening stato of things in that colony, the excitement, such as it is, hore will gradually subside. The want of sympathy with the Colonies exhibited in tho present homo administration of colonial affairs is a griovance that has considerable foun- dation ; and, as I said in a previous letter, the whole subject is likely to come under discussion in Parliament next session. It is certainly to be regretted that tho Press have got hold of the notion that the prominent movers in the colonial agitation are discontented offioials and idle colonists with nothing better to do, chafing under a sense of their obscure position here, and anxious for notoriety at any time. Í may remark that tho expense of the large room in which the meetings aro held in Cannon street has been hitherto borne by Mr: Edward, Wilson ; so that if readiness of pecuniary sacri- fice bo any test of sincerity aud patriotism, he is cortainly entitled to lay claim to them. I conclude my observations upon this subject, by stating that Mr. Dnddell, seconded by Mr. Briggs, is going to proposo at tho next assem- blage of colonists in Cannon-street, tho forma- tion of an association for tho enlargement and maintenance of the Empire, to bo entitled " The British and Colonial League." If the abilities of these gentlemen and their friends were only half equal to their good intentions, the so-called, colonial question would soon bo settled. THE OOUMENICAL COUNCIL. >, The Ocumonical Council was formally opened on December 8th. By daybreak, says the Home News, notwithstanding the weather being rainy, the inner Atrium and Grand Navo of the Vatican Basilica, tho route of the procession, wore thronged with an inunenso concourse of spectators. At 9 o'clock, amid the ringing of the bolls of the ecclesiastical edifices in Rome and salvoes of artillory from the Castle of San Angelo and Mount Aventine, the procession formed in the Upper Atrium of tho Vatican, doscended the Scala Ruegia, and passed through the Lower Atrium into the cathedral. Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and tho procession consisted of six archbishop princes, 49 cardinals, 11 patriarchs, 680 archbishops and bishops, 28 abbots, and 29 generals of religious orders. In all about 800 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the cathedral in the gostatorial chair. His holiness first knelt somo time before the Sacrament, and the assembly then took thoir places in the Council-hall in seven rows. After mass had boen chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the Archbishop of Iconium pronounced the inaugural discourso. Tho Pope, who appeared to bo in the oujoymont of excellent health, then gave his benediction, tho ceremony being carried out in exact accordance with the Stato programme. After giving tho benediction tho Pope received the homago of tho membors of tho council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three, timos invoked the aid if tho Holy Ghost for thfl council, a hymn to tho Holy Ghost boing arnig. by tho choristers. Tho prelates approved the decreo opening the Council, and tho Te Deum, followed, the coromony terminating at half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon. In tho sitting of tho Council on Dec. 9th, the Pope read to tho members assembled a short homily, in which ho said that it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the appointed day, and to seo tho bishops assembled at Romo in greater numbers than ever. They had como to teach all men the voice of God, and to judgo with tho Pope, under the auspicos of tho Holy Spirit, on the errors of human science. Never was it moro necessary than in tho present day, since conspiracy and impiety were wide- spread and strongly organised, and lüde them- selves under the mask of aspirations for liberty. There was no causo for alarm. The Church was stronger than heaven itself, and now was, tho timo to consider what remedies were ofticacious against tho present evils. The bishops) should strive with him to secure pcacenilness in tho monasteries, order in the Church, and disci- plino among the clergy. In conclusion, ho in- voked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and tho holy angels. The fathers of the Council held thoir first gon oral congregation in St. Peter's tho same day. Tho death is announced of Cardinal PontinL Tho Pope recoivod GOO French subjects at the Vatican on Dec. 19th. Aftor speaking with sevoral individually, ho delivered an allocution in French, in which ho dwelt upon tho signifi-i cauce of the approaching Christmas festival, and said, "God in touching humility, declared pridq I to bo tho onomy of man and tho author of rovqi lution." His Holiness thon blessed the assombly amid loud applause. Tho third general congregation of the Coiin» eil was hold on Dec. 20t)i. The election of 14, out of tho 24, ecclesiastics who aro to compose tho committee on matters of faith is notified. The principal membors aro tho Archbishops of Cambray, Utrotch, Posen, Malinos, Baltimore, and Westminster ; tho Bishops of Poitiers, Jaon, Sion, and Paderborn ; tho Primate of Hungary, and tho Armenian Patriarch. The assombly has elected 24 members as a commit too on questions connected with discipline. The Apostolic Bull, " Sedis," dated tho 12th of Otober, which, out of consideration for the spirit of the ago, reduces tho number of cases reserved for occlesiastical censure, has boen pro- mulgated. Tho Popo in reply to an address of General Kanzlor, on Doe. 27, oxprcssod his confidence that tho Ocumonical Council would dissipate darkness, and givo to the world peace and prqqj pority. Ho refuted the arguments of those' ^yhq maintain that the Popo Bhould hayo nq npny because Christ had none. Tho European Mail saya ; The fourth sitting of Qonoral Congregation was to bo hold on Docombor 28th. After the oloction of tho committeo appointed to consider tho questions relating to religious ordors, tho assembly will probably ontor upon the discussion of certain proposals regarding dogmas of faith. Duelling is among tho sttbjocts announced for discussion by tho Ocumonical Council. The dobato will bo opened by tho Bishop of Privas. Among other mattera of speculation conncctoi) with tho Roman Catholic Council it has bccqm,o a question, not morely what these rovorend soignors will say (if thoy aro to say anything), but how thoy will say it. Latin, of coutte, is supposod to bo tho official tonguo, but at a little rehearsal hold tho othor day thoy cunio to signal griof at onco on tho question of concocting tho address to his Holiness in answer-more par lamentieo-to his speech from tho chair, for it was found thatall tho Latinavailablo did notsuffico for a common conversation. A f ow Amorican bishops proposed to substituto French, and things went on smoothly for a fow minutes in tho tongue of tho Gallicans, when tho Bishop of Reggio pro- tested against the profanation. Matters of the Church could only bo treated in Latin, ho said, tho Vulgate boing written in that holy tongue, and soino ono ovon suggested Christ and the Apostles as having spokon that tongue And so tho Latin dobato was resumed by tho few who had mastorod tho language to a spoakublo degree. Tho othors sat in silence, but whon it carno ia signing tho address thoy did sign it all liko mon. Tho following aro tho ninnes of those who form tho comniittoo on Anglican Ordors in tho Vatican Council :-Cardinals Roisarch mid Cullen, the Archbishop of Baltimore, with Drs. Manning and Ullathorne Had Dr. Nowmnn boon in Romo, ho would have boon askod to act as their secretary. The Times' correspondent gives us, in tho fol- lowing description, mi admirable idoa of the varied characteristics of tho crowd attending on the proceedings :-'' Of courao London, with its tlireo millions, can got up a larger multitude of mon, on a good many occasions ; but it could not hu anything like so strange, so motley, so pic- turesque, and BO surprising. Imagino all the ligures in all tho pictures of churches, countries, cities, villages, by all tho Italian and all.the Dutch artists, walking out of thoir frames, just as thoy aro, and you havo tho crowd in which I have boen wandering Uko a moto in a sunbeam, I arti living in company with Rapliacl, Titian, Páiil Veronese, and also Tcnicrs ; for I have ncvcir seen more beautiful dresses, never more quaint, never moro ravage and uncouth." Describing the service, ho Kays :-" Strange ai it may seem to Englhh Protestant ears, the service \nus incessantly going on at all the altars in the church ; congrega- tions were assembled at them, bells were ringing and responses chanted, and every now and then there was a procession, with bell and candle, frofti olio part of the church to another. In the very midst of the sightseers, occupying every- where the most commanding positions, from the slightest to the most dangerous elevation, priests w'cre celebrating moss, as if they were alone in thó vast solitudes of the old basilica» here. I nfiist add that every ten minutes the word of command was given in no veiy gentle voice to BOÄ body of soldiers, to clear an avenue, push bkek a crowd, or make some new combination. This they liad sometimes to do in the face of strong remonstrances. Lower down the nave I hear the thieves were plying their trade, with ennceripd attemnts at disorder." A telegram dated Rome, Dec 24th, published iii The Times of the 27th, states that Cardinal Rcisach, one of the five Presidents of the Coun- cil, died: on the 23rd inst. at Annecy, in Savoy. The Spanish journal El Pensamiento Español of the 14th December say» :-" The Spanish Bishops assisting at the Ocumenclal Council have decided in the first place io sustain unani- mously all the piopositions presented at the Connell, and above all tho definition of the Papal infallibility ; secondly, to present this proposition should it not be presented by others, aWd thirdly, in all things to work in intimate and absolute union with the Pope." Com- menting on this statement of the Ultroraane journal, the influential journal La República Ibérica say« :-" We do not believe that the Spanish Bishops v, ill prove unmindful of their mission and the high reputation conquered by Spanish Episcopacy in former Councils : in the first place, as one of our contemporaries says with just reason, because {hoy have gone to tho Council to discuss mid by no menus to obey as mere automatons the dispositions of the Pope, and in the second place because assuredly they will not feel disposed to yield into the hands of tho Pope that supreme pou cr which our Catholic sentiments (belief) concedes lo the Church represented in Councils. Once voted the in- fallibility of the Pope, the Council of 1809 will Va undoubtedly the last that the Catholic Church will celebrate, inasmuch as the Pope will then be empowered to declare dogmas of faith at will, and will not require the co- operation of tho Bishops for any act whatever." i- ? - 