The Storyteller. OLD STORIES RE-TOLD. THE SOLDIER'S WIFE. Chapter VII. THERE is a voice in nature—'tis so fine, Impalpable, and spirit-like, the vulgar ear Marks not its echo; but the loving heart, Instinct with tender impulse, it can hear That voice's faintest whisper, and vibrate With fond emotion at its first appeal! On arriving at Longford, Kate's first care was to employ a part of the money which her father had forwarded for her use in the purchase of some good and servicable clothing for Norah, which was duly dispatched by a cart going to Castle Connor. She then proceeded on her journey; comfortless, fatiguing, and tedious as it was, and much as she suffered on the hitherto untried sea, her fears were so much excited at the thought of meeting her strange father, that she wished the journey yet longer, and with re- gret saw the great city rise before her, as the cumbersome coach in which she rode drove into London. At every roll of the wheels her heart sunk more and more within her, and when at last the conveyance stopped at a large, old- fashioned house, she was nearly fainting with apprehension. A film seemed to pass over her eyes, and she could no longer distinguish the ob- jects before her. But happily for her, honest Phelim, her own foster-father, was at her side to whisper words of comfort and encourage- ment; and though her eyes were suffused with tears, she endeavored to rally her spirits suffici- ently to meet her parent. The ponderous door-bell pealed through the- entrance-hall as Phelim rung it with his strong arm, as though he were summoning a congrega- tion to a parish church; the large door swung back on its hinges, and a powdered footman, dressed in the extravagant costume of the times, appeared, and approached to assist Kate in alighting. "How strange my father does not come to meet me!" she mentally exclaimed; but the thought was cut short by Phelim's ejaculating "Arrah, Misthress Al—, Miss Donlavy, I mane, but that jontleman's uncommon young to have so frosty a head! But maybe his honor has had some fright, and it's mighty shivil he is." Kate involuntarily smiled as she remembered that a few months previously she should herself have so exclaimed; but it happened that among other pieces of information derived from her hus- band was the fact that ladies and gentlemen, as well as their footmen, were accustomed to dis- guise the natural color of their hair with powder. She briefly whispered a word of explanation to Phelim on that subject, but forgot to tell him not to "your honor" the footman, whom in his simplicity he took for a gentleman. On alighting, Kate found herself somewhat dazzled by the splendor which met her gaze. She was ushered through a magnificent hall, in which a group of richly- liveried servants stood, all, according to Phelim's idea, prematurely old, for he could not quite credit the fact that any one in his senses would try to look grey before his time. To the unsophisticated Hibernian each bore the appearance of a "great lord"; and as one of them patronisingly offered to show him to the servants' hall, he replied, "Faith and plase your honor, it's not for the likes of me to make s0 bold wid you." "No ceremonies; come along my good fel- low," said the footman, in a yet more condescend- ing tone. "Well, and if your honor condescinds so far," said Phelim, "I'll be proud to follow you; but shan't I be afther laving my brogues (i.e. shoes) at the door?" "Leaving what?" exclaimed the man. "My brogues, and plase your honor," replied Phelim. "You'd find it a hard matter to leave your brogue, friend," said the footman amid the titter of the other servants. "Faith and it's myself that finds nothing a hard matter," said Phelim, with a knowing look, "from thrashin' a fellow with my shillelagh down to paling a pratee." His natural acuteness had caught the meaning of the laughter by which he was surrounded; and though he still believed them gentlemen, his Irish blood was getting up to boiling heat at the thought of being their sport. The sight of his shillelagh, and the vigorous arm that swung it round, made the menials retreat and suppress their mockeries, from prudence if not from good feeling. "Shall I tell your honors how we play at this in my counthry?" asked Phelim, with a wink, at he saw the effect produced by his weapon of defence. "No, no, thank you," gasped a pale little man; "but pray come to the hall, and have some sup- per, Mr. What's-your-name!" "Plain Phelim, at your honor's service," said the Irishman with a low bow. "Well then, Mr. Plain-feeling, I'll show you the way, if you please." So saying the man passed out, followed by Phelim, who believing himself on really familiar terms with "the qua- lity," was quite proud of the distinction, and already laying brilliant plans for astonishing Norah, when, his travels over, he should be en- abled to relate them to her with his own super- added and vivid coloring in the green shades of Castle Connor. Meanwhile Kate, trembling and fearful, had been conducted by a servant carrying a large flambeau up the grand staircase, which at every step excited her wonder and admiration. She passed through a long gallery hung with the portraits of her ancestors, real and imaginary; and as the cold faces looked down on her from the canvas, like so many spectral visions, she began to be yet more afraid. They led her on through a suite of apartments tapestried with silk, and filled with gilded furniture of the most lavish costliness; at last she reached a library, oak panelled, and rather gloomy in its aspect. Her own light footstep echoed fearfully to her ear as she trod on the polished wainscoted floor. She looked up, and her eyes rested on a tall, gentlemanly man, with partially grey hair un- powdered, who stood still as she entered, though he had evidently been pacing the room. He waved his hand to the servant to withdraw, then folded his arms on his breast, and stood still, contemplating the trembling girl, who did not dare to advance. Her hood fell back on her shoulders and discovered her countenance, lit with a heightened color, and shaded by a pro- fusion of golden ringlets. Uttering a cry of mingled emotion, surprise, and pain as the per- fect image of the lost wife of his youth was pre- sented to his view, Mr. Donlavy opened his arms to receive his daughter. The voice of nature spoke in Kate's bosom; she rushed forward, and was clasped to her father's embrace, while both wept. When Mr. Donlavy had in some degree re- covered from his emotion, Kate had more op- portunity of examining his countenance. He was still handsome, but an expression of fatigue and satiety had considerably changed him; of this however she could not be conscious, not having known him previously, but she looked on his disappointed and melancholy face with all the interest which her newly awakened affec- tion inspired. "I have not deserved that you should meet me thus, my daughter," said Mr. Donlavy, after a painful pause. "I feared, justly feared, that the culpable neglect of your father, and his seeming forgetfulness, would have led you to execrate his name rather than show him any affection." "Oh, sir," said Kate, "I am not so good as you think; indeed I am not. I will tell you the truth; I have often, very often had harsh thoughts of you, when you appeared forgetful of me; but now that you are kind——" "Now that I am kind, Kate!" interrupted her father. "I have been kinder than you think; but I cannot now explain my meaning, another time I will. But tell me, Kate, now that I am what you call kind, do you love your strange father a little?" "Much more than I expected, sir," said Kate, ingenuously. "Well, I suppose I must rest satisfied with that avowal," said Mr. Donlavy, smiling. "But now you must require rest and refreshment; we will resume our conversation when you have supped." Mr. Donlavy rang for supper, which Kate found she was to share with him alone. "I shall not introduce you to Mrs. Donlavy Balfour to-night," said he; "she and her daughter are at Ranelagh, and will not be home till very late, or as you would say in your unsophisticated world, early," he added, smiling. "What is Ranelagh?" asked Kate, gathering courage from her father's manner. "It is a place, my dear, to which many fools resort, and others, who are not exactly fools— they go thither to cheat or to be cheated." "Do they play games, then?" asked Kate. "Games!" repeated Mr. Donlavy; "yes! but the principal one is what I tell you, to deceive or be deceived. To speak less in a riddle, my dear, Ranelagh is a place of fashion- able resort, in which every person of wealth or importance is expected to appear occasionally, indeed often. There is everything to charm the eye and ear—gardens lit by brilliant lamps, de- lightful music, and dancing for the young, cards and other amusements for the elder visitors. When I came hither, fifteen years back, a light-hearted Irishman, I entered with all the zest of youth into such scenes, which were as new to me as delightful. Night after night I enjoyed them; but now, I scarcely know how, I have discovered so hideous a countenance beneath the mask that pleasure wears, that I am completely disgusted with her most alluring aspect." "But Ranelagh, after all, must be a delight- ful place," said Kate. "Yes," said Mr. Donlavy, "delightful to the young-hearted and unsuspecting, who, all trust and confidence, take everything for gold that appears on the surface bright and shining. But you shall go there one day, or rather one even- ing, and judge for yourself. "I believe, my dear," continued her father, abruptly changing the subject, "you have none of what we call accomplishments; possibly you cannot play at cards or dominoes, and assuredly have no know- ledge of the harpischord. I scarcely think you can read or write!" "I can read and write," said Kate, coloring; "but I know nothing at all of the things you mention, sir; but if you please I will try and learn; I dare say I shall soon know how to play cards." "Heaven forbid!" said Mr. Donlavy, start- ing. "No, no, I have enough of that; but how did you learn to read and write?" "Ah, that is a secret!" said Kate, blushing deeply; "but you know, sir, as you had for- gotten to have me taught, I—I—" "No, Kate," said her father, " believe me I had not forgotten. When I left Ireland (I dare say Norah related the circumstance to you) I did not dare to gaze on your infant features, so much did I dread a revival of agonised feelings. I found it too difficult to bear your sight, for they told me you were the image of your sainted mother. I have no doubt you were; for now, as I view you in this light, every feature, nay, every motion is her living counterpart. I could almost take you for a celestial vision, or believe that the grave had restored the dead. No, I dared not see you; and the same feeling in- duced me to leave Ireland, and give up all old associations—all familiar things. I never was endowed with strong moral courage, and I could not command sufficient to meet the re- membrance of the past. I therefore resolved to fly from whatever could bring it to mind. I accompanied some friends (or rather acquaint- ances let me call them) to England, and not long after was united to the sister of Sir Edward Digby. She is the exact reverse of your mother—a fashionable woman of the world— and since our marriage we have lived what I used to believe a life of pleasure, and what is always so considered by the world; but I have not been happy, as I think you must perceive by my appearance. Perhaps I have expected too much; at any rate, I have not found what I sought, and am a disappointed man. But you are too young to enter into these things. After the first two or three years, and when I was beginning to get tired of a life of fashionable dissipation, I was desirous of having you with me; but I determined to resist the inclination which led me to send for you, that you might not be reared in the vapid and hollow world in which I lived, and have since moved. I pre- ferred your being brought up in unsophisticated innocence, even in rustic ignorance, to seeing you become the hollow, heartless being which the world's school produces. My system may have been wrong in some respects, but one good result at least it has effected, my dear Kate— you are innocent, artless, and truthful. My task is now to guard against your becoming spoilt, lest the pure water should become sullied, the fine gold dimmed." "You seem quite a philosopher, sir," said Kate. "Am I?" said her father, smiling; "I think not, dear child, and fear I am more of a misan- thrope; but if I am a philosopher, I must ac- knowledge that I have lost in happiness more, far more than I have ever gained in knowledge. But you must want to sleep. Tell me though, first, how the old castle wears. There are times when I regret having parted with it, and feel that were it now mine, I would retire there, and brave the array of melancholy recollections it would spread before me! Honest Phelim is with you?" "Yes, sir, my foster-father's company has been a great comfort to me on this long journey, which seemed to me never ending; though to speak truly, I was terribly afraid of its ending too soon, and— "Of meeting one harsh and stern, no doubt, poor child," interrupted her father. "I under- stand your feelings; but where is Phelim? I must see him." Mr. Donlavy rang, and, as Kate rose to with- draw, he desired that Phelim might be sent up. "Good night, sir," said Kate, as her father affectionately embraced her; but she threw her arms round her kind foster- father's neck, and kissed him also, calling him "dear father." Mr. Donlavy's coler came and went; he felt sick at heart. "Call me father, too, Kate," said he, in a stifled voice; "you have not done so yet." CHAPTER VIII. Fashion, thou tinsell'd deity! whose shrine Receives its empty offerings from hearts Selfish and cold, and sear'd to every thought Or feeling high and holy; leave, oh leave The young and the pure-hearted! If thou wilt, Take for thy votaries those whose pulse ne'er beat With aught of generous warmth; but spare, oh spare The guileless soul, untrain'd to folly's ways! ON the morning following her arrival Kate rose considerably later than her accustomed hour, and after dispatching her simple toilet found her way to the room in which she had supped with her father on the previous night. But to her great surprise, instead of finding any one there, the apartment was in perfect dark- ness; no preparations had as yet been made for breakfast; for in her simplicity she concluded that this meal must be taken where supper had been. The uncertain light as it fell on the wainscot walls oppressed her with melancholy, not very common to her nature; and altogether the com- fortless, gloomy air of the library made Kate heave a sigh of regret for Norah's whitewashed cabin, where the morning sunbeam had danced in at the little casement, and awoke her from refreshing slumbers on a little flock bed. Now she had been pillowed on down, with silken hangings; but she had not slept. To while away the time Kate passed out of the library, and wandered through the suite of rooms she had traversed the night before; but they looked still more cheerless and uncomfortable. At last she found her way into some rooms which she had not before seen; they were apparently pre- pared for a festival, being decked with ever- greens and everything which could contribute to ornament them. The walls had immense plates of glass let in; but as the shatters here also were still closed, the multiplied reflections of Kate's figure were like so many dim shadowy ghosts, from which she instinctively shrank, and returned to the solitude of her chamber. There she sat till she heard the clock strike 11, and she began to feel in want of breakfast. At last she was relieved by the appearance of Phelim at her door. Her first impulse was to request her foster-father to come in; but, to her sur- prise, he put his finger on his lips, and uttering a low "whist, honey!" motioned her to join him in the gallery. "Faith, and it's myself as has been kilt out- right," he exclaimed; "Misthress Al—, that is, Miss Donlavy, I mane, sorra's the bit of mate I could git to put in my lips this blissed day, till the clock struck 10. Houly Mary, what a life! They lives like princes, but they fasts too long. Afther all, honey, thim fine jontlemen with their laced coats, as resaved us last sight, was but the sarving men; and one and all of thim calls me Mr. Plainfeeling. St. Pathrick! but they fare well—mate and ale, like any lord. But what a clock of day to ate! When I had somewhat satisfied nature's craving like, it came into my mind to make bold to ask whin their honors took brikfast. 'An hour or two after noon,' says one of them, grinning! I thought you'd be kilt too, and laid hands on what I could git, and have brought it to you." So say- ing Phelim drew from his capacious pocket a clean cotton handkerchief, containing bread and cold meat. Kate took the kindly offering with a laugh, and was returning with it to her room, when Mr. Donlavy appeared. "The top of the morning to your honor," said Phelim, bowing low, "and long life to you! I have made bold to bring Miss Donlavy some—" "Good morning, dear Kate, good morning, Phelim," said Mr. Donlavy; "I hope you like London." "Mighty will, please your honor, if they didn't fast so," replied Phelim; "but though I niver was like the heretic folk, and kept all the church fasts, and it's Father Peter will certify that same, I——" "Fast!" exclaimed Mr. Donlavy; "pray ask for all you want; and if the people neglect you, complain to the housekeeper. My dear Kate," he added, "I have risen early this morning on purpose, supposing our hours would ill suit you. Here we turn day into night, and night into day. You smile, child, at my calling it early. At Castle Connor I myself should have thought differently; but this—this is not Ireland. Come we will breakfast together; Mrs. Donlavy Bal- four breakfasts at 1. She was at nine routs last night, besides Ranelagh and the play." "Poor woman, poor woman!" exclaimed Kate; " how much I pity her! Is she obliged to go?" "Oh yes, my dear," said her father, as he led her into the breakfast-room, "quite obliged. When you have lived longer in the world, Kate, you will find that fashion's votaries are greater slaves than any who toil beneath the burning sun of Africa. But be careful not to express your compassion to anyone but myself—it would offend Mrs. Donlavy, who considers herself supremely happy; and indeed she is so, in her way. Now let me see you make a good break- ast. How long have you been up?" "Oh, I got up so late!" answered Kate; "I do believe it was 8 o'clock." "The beginning of the night with us," said Mr. Donlavy, "though it is now probably your dinner- time ; but what have you there?" Kate opened poor Phelim's hankerchief, and, greatly to her father's amusement, related the provident care with which her foster-father had provided for her breakfast. "It is well we are alone," said Mr. Donlavy; "those unacquainted with old Ireland, and her warm-hearted sons, might be shocked at so pri- mitive a proceeding." After breakfast Mr. Donlavy walked through the different apartments with Kate, and gave her some insight into the purposes to which each was assigned; showed her the paintings, and related a portion of his family history. It did not exactly correspond with Phelim's, which she had previously heard recounted for her hus- band's benefit; that had certainly been much more highly wrought. After a considerable time thus spent, Kate was kindly dismissed by her father, who was obliged to go out on busi- ness, as he called it; that business was play. But he promised to rejoin her early, and till then advised her to amuse herself with a book. In passing to her own room she heard a lady's voice reproving some of the servants for the un- reasonable bustle that disturbed the house at so early an hour. The plea of justification was that Mr. Donlavy had ordered, and had had, an early breakfast on Miss Donlavy's account, as she was not accustomed to London hours. "And is my house to be completely over- turned by this little rustic?" exclaimed the lady —"my night's rest thus to be broken! How I detest the Irish!" Poor Kate shrunk within herself as she heard the words; but she would not voluntarily hear more of a conversation not intended for her ear, and therefore came forward. "Miss Donlavy's maid, I suppose," said the lady, as if speaking to herself, and glancing con- temptuously at the simple gray dress in which Kate was clad. Kate colored, and made a hasty retreat; but the look she gave Mrs. Donlavy as she withdrew was sufficiently expressive. When Mr. Donlavy returned, he led Kate immediately to the dressing-room of his wife, to introduce her. The lady was all smiles and graciousness; her toilette was proceeding while she conversed. A hairdresser stood behind her chair, drawing up her powdered hair over an immense cushion, so as completely to expose her handsome face, while two maids stood near, handing him hairpins, pomades, &c.; "I am glad to see you, Miss Donlavy," said the mistress of the apartment. "I have risen early for the purpose of admitting you. I hope you will like London, and Ranelagh, and the play, and the parks, and ridotto. Can you play cards, child? and do you know casino? Or I will take you to an auction to- day—such lovely Chinese images!" she continued, turning to Mr. Donlavy, "and selling for nothing in the world. By-the-bye, there is a drum at Lady Lovemore's to-night; shall you go, sir?" (This mode of address was common enough at that day.) "I think not," said Mr. Donlavy; "you know we have friends at home, and I am anxious to show my little Kate to them," he said, glancing with proud pleasure towards his daughter. "Oh, yes, of course," said Mrs. Donlavy, "and I have no doubt she will look amazingly well, when we have polished her a little. I have told my woman to look out for a maid for her; but for all these things there must be time, you know, sir; and it will positively take a month to get her wild hair into order; won't it, Mr. Pomadon? So that, all things considered, I don't see how she's possibly to appear to-night." "As she is," said Mr. Donlavy. Beauty when unadorned, is adorned the most." "Surely, sir, you would not let your daughter be seen unpowdered, and in such a trim! I should not like to introduce her." "Kate, my dear," said her father, "should you like to sit two hours every morning while Mr. Pomadon builds np your hair?" "Oh no, sir," said Kate; "I should fall asleep; and I could not bear the thoughts of making myself gray-like." "How should you like the thought then, child, of being taken for your own waiting- maid, which you will be, if you persist in dressing so out of the fashion?" said Mrs. Donlavy, color- ing through her rouge. "I don't think anyone would make such a mistake as that," said Mr. Donlavy; "for I flatter myself my Kate's birth is seen in her carriage." "Well, Mr. Donlavy," replied the lady, "as you seem bent on making yourself the town talk, do as you please, sir; but I will take no responsibility. I am going to the Park, and if Miss Donlavy likes to let my woman shake the powder puff through her hair, and put on a patch or two, and a little rouge—" "Rouge, madam!" cried Mr. Donlavy, "my daughter shall never wear rouge." "Indeed, madam," said Kate, who foresaw a scene of altercation between her father and his wife, "I am quite willing to do whatever you please; only these ways are so new to me." "Of course, child," said Mrs. Donlavy Bal- four; "everything must be new to you—but you'll learn in time; and I daresay before a month or two will have some notion of casino and—" "No, Mrs. Donlavy," interrupted her hus- band; "if Kate wishes to secure her father's affection, she must acquire no taste for play— the bane and disgrace of our generation!" "You play yourself, sir," retorted Mrs. Don- lavy, "and play deep. My lord William Harvey tells me that—" "My Lord William Harvey had better mind his own affairs," said Mr. Donlavy, coloring; "I shall mine. But if I played ever so high, that would be no reason for my countenancing the initiation of this innocent young creature into such scenes of dissipation as a passion for play would lead her. No, no; I have had Kate brought up in Nature's simplest nursery, and would not have Nature's holy teaching marred by the false schooling of fashion. You can accompany Mrs. Donlavy, Kate, as you are," continued her father; "but remember, neither powder nor rouge!" So saying he left the room. When he had departed Mrs. Donlavy drew Kate towards her, and kissing her cheek, whispered, "You must not mind his harshness, child, nor let it break your fine spirits." "But I do not think my father harsh, madam," said Kate, "to me he seems very indulgent and full of kindness." "Ah, I dare say," replied Mrs. Donlavy; "but, poor girl! you know nothing of the world; you will soon understand him better. I can't do a thing I like without his leave, if its only to buying an ivory fan, or a yard of point lace, or a Chinese figure, or——" "But I shall never want to buy such things," said Kate; "I have never been used to spend money." "So much the better, child," replied Mrs. Donlavy, "then you won't miss it like me when you can't get any. See, he would not even offer me a few paltry guineas, though I told him about the auction and old china." "Is it teacups, madam?" asked Kate. "Teacups?" said Mrs. Donlavy. "Yes, some; but the principal things are large bowls and images, and vases." "Of what use are they, madam?" "Use!" repeated Mrs. Donlavy; "one does not buy such things for use; they're to look at, and stand about the rooms." "Indeed!" exclaimed her listener, in real sur- prise. "Now then," continued Mrs. Donlavy, "that I've had a dish of tea, well set out. Here, my dear, just a sprinkling of powder; he'll never know it." "But I should, madam," cried Kate, hastily; "I could not disobey my father, even if he never knew it." "Provoking simplicity or affectation! Which is it?" exclaimed the lady. "Neither, madam," said Kate; "I have been brought up by simple people, but they tried to teach me my duty to God and man." "Duty to nonsense!" said Mrs. Donlavy; "and all about a powder puff. Schooling me! Well, my girl was not brought up that way, thank goodness! Get your hood then, and come as you are." Kate hastened from the room to conceal the tears which, in spite of herself, gathered in her eyes. She had never before been addressed as Mrs. Donlavy spoke to her—harshness or mockery was equally new to her ear. As she re-entered the room, Mrs. Donlavy's daughter (Miss Chambers) entered also. She appeared about six or eight and twenty years of age, very tall and finely formed, with dark eyes, and what had been a fine complexion; but the small-pox had made dreadful ravages in her once handsome features, and she had neither philo- sophy nor amiability to bear the infliction with temper and resignation. Her first glance at our heroine was that of an enemy. The contrast between her own ruined form and Kate's fresh young loveliness was too striking not to excite in her bosom the worst feelings of envy, and malignity; but, unlike Mrs. Donlavy, who spoke without restraint, and as an irritable temper suggested, she was determined not to show her feelings, whatever they might be. She was a woman of strong passions, but she masked them well, and could at pleasure appear not only amiable, but interesting. She met Kate with a warmth of manner which surprised her, and which immediately won on her unsuspecting nature. Her voice was low, earnest, and gentle; her manner graceful and pleasing. The party proceeded to the Park in sedan chairs, then alighted and entered the promenade, where there was a large assemblage of the gayest people of fashion. Kate was so charmed with the animation and novelty of the scene that she forgot to observe how many eyes were fixed on her, first attracted no doubt by the primitive simplicity of her dress, and then perhaps by her loveliness. Among those who most particularly noticed her was a young man of elegant exterior, though somewhat disfigured, as Kate thought, by a close tie-wig, in whom she traced, or fancied she traced, some resemblance to her husband, whom no change of scene or circumstance could banish from her mind. In- voluntarily her eyes followed the stranger's graceful walk, and whenever a turn of the pro- menade permitted, he was near the group of ladies, bowing to Mrs. Donlavy as to an old ac- quaintance. The good lady, although no longer young, was still handsome, and had singled out the young gentleman in the tie-wig for her es- pecial favor. We do not mean to imply that Mrs. Donlavy Balfour was what in fashionable life is styled naughty; no, she was only a lady à la mode, and liked a well-looking young man to be seen fluttering about her. She did not detect the looks cast on Kate, for she supposed those ad- miring glances were directed toward herself. Not so Miss Chambers; her quick eye read in- stantly what was passing, and consummate command of countenance alone enabled her to conceal what she felt on observing this sudden admiration of the new beauty. Several gentle- men approached and addressed the ladies, who were now the admiration of all eyes. The con- versation was according to the fashion of the times—scandal and the doings of the great world, the play, auctions, assemblies, &c.;, but it was not more sensible or useful than it would be amongst people of a similar class in our own times. At length the party thought of returning to dine. Dinner was not then a late affair. The gentlemen dined at clubs and coffee-houses, the most celerated of which were Will's and Tom's; it stamped a man as fashionable to fre- quent them. Mr. Donlavy was essentially one one of that number. He dined that day with a party of friends at Will's, and only rejoined his family in the evening, having previously looked in at the play. The assembly was brilliant, not perhaps as one in the present day would be, when art has done so much to render decoration luxurious and ele- gant; but still Mr. Donlavy's suite of rooms was grand and imposing, and the company gathered in them formed the élite of the day. According to her father's desire, Kate avoided all artificial appliances, and appeared in a plain white muslin dress, which was confined at the waist by a blue riband. Her fair hair fell round her like a veil of golden network. Every eye in the assembly was bent on her; but she was saved from the embarrasment such a con- sciousness might otherwise have produced, by having her own attention riveted on a lady who stood near her, and whose dress facinated rather than pleased her inexperienced glance. She was one of the leading belles of the season, and was thus fantastically decked. Her petticoat was of black silk, edged with red and white, and stood out with hoops, even beyond the usual dimen- sions; her boddice was of cherry-colored satin, trimmed elaborately with blue and silver lace, and from her waist hung a train which swept the ground several feet. The waist itself was drawn into the most extravagantly small dimensions, and the whole figure was as great a departure from nature as could possibly be ar- rived at. Above all this, imagine a head sup- porting a pyramid of powder and pomatum, with a face disfigured by little patches of court- plaister stuck at the corner of the mouth, on the side of the nose, &c.;, and you have a picture of a woman of fashion in the reign of George the Second. Among those who gazed most intently on Kate was the gentleman whom she had already noticed in the park. He stood leaning on the back of a lady's chair, and apparently engaged in conversation with her, while she furled and unfurled a fan curiously ornamented with Adonises and Cupids, and fondly believed him her devoted admirer; but what he was most concerned about was to endeavor to draw from her who the unsophisticated nymph could be that had courage enough to show her unpowdered head in such an assembly. "You are curious on the subject, my lord," said Miss Chambers, who as she approached had heard the last words of the conversation. "I am, madam," replied Lord William. "I never saw a more lovely creature." "Nor ever professed more violent admiration, I suppose, my lord," said the lady, in a tone of bitter irony, and with a heightened color. "Not that I remember, madam," replied Lord William, with the utmost coolness. "At least I never felt such before. But can you tell me who the lady is?" "Certainly, my lord; she is a—a daughter of Mr. Donlavy Balfour's, from Ireland. My mother has persuaded him to take her home." "A daughter, I suppose, by some former marriage," said Lord William. "Some former connection, I believe," replied Miss Chambers, laying particular stress on the word; "but of course we know nothing of her mother." "Indeed, madam," said Lord William, turn- ing away with a nonchalance more common to the nineteenth than the eighteenth century. "Are you for casino with the ladies, my lord?" said Mrs. Donlavy, arresting Lord Wil- liam's steps, as he lounged into another apart- ment of the suite. "I thank you, madam," replied he, "I hear by the harpischord that they are dancing minuets; I should very much like to join them;" and, to the lady's chagrin, Lord William passed on. The truth was, Lord William had caught a glimpse of Kate near the dancers. She was looking on with such interest, and marking the time to accurately with her elegant foot, that she seemed born to dance. His lordship was famous for his performance in minuets. Kate being disengaged, a most auspicious opportunity presented itself for an introduction; and Lord William hastened to Mr. Donlavy, to request the honor of his daughter's hand for the next dance. Mr. Donlavy Balfour complied most readily. There was a gleam of satisfaction in his face, as he led his guest to where Kate stood, and, forgetful that she could not dance, requested her to join the graceful couples who were going through evolutions which Sir Christopher Hatton himself, of dancing celebrity, might have been proud of. Kate colored deeply, and declined with a confusion of manner which Lord William interpreted as vanity suggested. Of course he used his persuasive powers, as a modern ball-room hero would, and entreated to have the "honor and happiness," &c.; so that Kate was obliged to confess that she could not dance; and at last his lordship succeeded in drawing from her a confession that she was totally ignorant of many other fashionable ac- complishments. The manner in which Kate's father had introduced her sufficiently convinced his lordship that the insinuations of Matilda Chambers had in reality no foundation, and the more he conversed with the lovely being on whom he gazed, the more he was charmed with her artless and unstudied graces. Lord William Harvey was one of the most polished men of his time, one who adopted fashion without being ridiculously its slave. A more admirable form or carriage than his could scarely be imagined. His conversation was spirited and sensible, and Kate listened to it with the undisguised interest which it naturally inspired. Her attachment to her absent hus- band was too fervent and enthusiastic to admit of her entertaining a thought opposed to his peace, or detrimental to her own honor; but still so young a girl could not be other than pleased with the attentions of so superior a man as Lord William Harvey. Then he was so like her own George—so very like! Time passed on, and Lord William became a yet more frequent visitor at Mr. Donlavy Bal- four's than he had previously been. His assi- duities were openly addressed to Kate, who laughed and talked freely with one so agreeable, without the least suspicion of his being seriously attached to her. Her father, on the contrary, looked on with evident satisfaction. He was proud of his daughter's loveliness, and looked forward with exultation to the time when he might call her Lady William Harvey. With this idea, he directed all his attention to her improvement, and determined, so far as possible, to repair former omissions in her education. "Should you like to learn dancing, Kate," he inquired one day "and the harpischord?" "Oh, yes, sir, I should like it of all things!" she exclaimed; "it would please him so much!" "I daresay it would," said Mr. Donlavy, smiling, as he gazed on his daughter's face, now crimsoned with the consciousness that she had half betrayed her secret. She had naturally been thinking of the pleasure and surprise her husband would feel (when they next met) at finding her more polished and ac- complished than he had left her. Her father, just as naturally, had been the person to whom she had unconsciously alluded; and that even- ing, in the plentitude of his satisfaction, and believing he was thereby promoting Kate's in- terest and happiness alike, he promised her hand to the young aspirant, with the under- standing that he should be free to win his daughter's affections, but not at present to al- lude to any definite engagement. How little did poor Kate understand the position in which she now stood! But there was one who clearly discerned all that was passing, and resolved to overthrow all Mr. Donlavy's best laid plans. Matilda Chambers, with a true feminine in- stinct, read every glance of the lover, and re- membered with bitter anguish the time when those admiring and impassioned eyes had spoken the same language to her, ere illness had de- stroyed her fleeting loveliness. She remembered too how her heart had beat responsive to the passion of Lord William, and how she had woke to the agonising knowledge that her loss of beauty had entirely extinguished her lover's affection. There had been no explicit declara- tion on his part, and therefore Lord William considered his honor unscathed when he finally withdrew his attentions from the hapless Matilda. But she had loved him with all the passionate intensity of her nature, and had even hoped to draw back his truant faith, if not from affection, perhaps by worldly considerations. She had considered herself, and had been considered by the world, her stepfather's heiress, until Kate was suddenly drawn from her distant obscurity, and became immediately the centre of all her father's thoughts and affections; but now Ma- tilda had the additional mortification of seeing herself rivalled by the little rustic beauty in a quarter in which she felt it yet more keenly. Mrs. Donlavy was too much absorbed in the passing trifles and amusements of the day to enter into her daughter's sorrows and chagrins, even if she could have understood them; and Matilda was left alone, with her strong resent- ments and bitter feelings as her only counsellors. "None are all evil." There were moments when her heart softened towards that innocent young being who evinced for her the most artless and confiding affection; but the emotion was transi- tory; and one glace at her recreant lover's countenance averted from her in something ap- proaching to scorn, but bent on her young rival with looks of earnest fondness, was sufficient to chase away the momentary softness and restore Matilda to herself. Meanwhile Kate was obliged to part from Phelim, who returned to Norah and his cabin. It was with a burst of real anguish that she saw her foster-father depart; it seemed like breaking the last link that bound her to her childhood's home (to her the loveliest spot on earth), and after the departure of that kind heart, had it not been for George's letters, which however came "few and far between," and each of them, as she fancied, less and less fervent, all the past would have appeared to her like a dim vision. The young wife's apprehensions were not un- substantial creations of a jealous fancy. George was now actively engaged in foreign service under the Duke of Cumberland—in the eyes of his friends and partisans a stern hero; in those of his enemies a "butcher," as they emphati- cally designated him; and perhaps the still fresh memories of Culloden field justified the epithet. It having been the lot of George Allan to fight immediately under the eye of the duke, his Royal Highness could not but applaud his in- trepid bravery; and under his approving auspices the young soldier won his captaincy. But it must be acknowledged, while indulging in dreams of future ambition, and enjoying in perspective the distinction he meant to attain, George's love for poor Kate was becoming gra- dually cooled by absence. It might be that other images sometimes displaced hers in his heart; and when they were swept away the shrine was no longer pure enough for so unde- filed a memory as hers. A hero may be faithful in absence; an ordinary man cannot. (TO Be CONTINUED.) 