THE PHANTOM SHIP. aROat THEO?ERIAN OF ZEDLITZ. 'rie sky is dark wilh fold of mantling cloud, (() silver shines in Lthat ample dome, bhroughl which tihe rushing winds of night blow ° lould, While one Weird vessel sweeps the ocean foam. A ship which passes, steer'd by spirit hand, Like some white bird with never-flagging wing; Which fears no storm nor rocky-coasted strand, Upon whose deck there moves no living thing. -o over the wide sea, where every wave Is still, a lonely island hlidden lies; And tlhere a rock, whose base the waters lave, SAround whosecloud-capp'd top the sea-mew cries. There blooms no tree, nor corn grows ever green, Nor ever bird warm mossy nest builds there; Only the eagle sees that gloomy scene, Of solitude, from open fields of air. There, long ago, in that wild waste of stone A mighty monarch's lonely grave was made; is golden sceptre on that tomb, his throne I Of ivory, and trenchant sword were laid. $o being moves around, and the great wave Of the busy world strikes not his dusty ear; for mourning glance now rests upon his grave, And yet what was a king lies buried here ! Slowly the moons change, and the year grows grey, Still sleeps the dead beneath the sun and rain : But on the fifth night of each new-born May, Into warm life the cold corpse wakes again. This is the night, when he through earth may roam, A restless ghost which ever seeks repose; This is the night, when he may see his home, SWhile for a time the vital spirit glows. Then stays a phantom ship by that lone shore, Whose sails are swollen with the wind of night; High floats its pennant in the moonlight frore, SFive golden bees upon a field of white. The king embarks, the ship of shadows flies In stormy haste, which knows no other stay; Upon its cloudy deck no seaman 1lies, N o master-hand directs its headlong way. Only the shape of him, once king, stands there, Peering abroad into the murky night; With heaving bosom, and with eyes which glare With lighlt, far other than a mortal light. The ship flies ever to that distant strand He sees, with outstretched arms, with pleasing , patin It is his home-his native home-his land, His well-known land tile spirit sees again. Then moves the pale ghost mourning on that earth, Where once, long back, his feet uncertain trod; Where, after, p3ets sang his kingly worth, In words less imeet for mortal thant a God. He seeks a city now lhutg pass'd away, \- puissant people once that city's pride; W?h ch when he wander'd in the hghtof day, Flow'd rouad hiom as the flowing of the title. How is it fallen that almighty throne ! Whence ike high Jove his thunderbolts he hurled : There stands not now one stone upon a stone, Where once before him bow'd a subject world. lie seeks his son, that son to him so dear, Fr whom hie once foretold still fairer fame; That kitgdotne which he niever ruled lies here, And all forgotten is his father's name. "Where art thou, O my son ; whose infant hand Held crowns for playthings?" thus he makes his moan ; "The days in which thy father ruled this land, This once great lai:d, those happy days are flown " My darling wife is dead, my son is dead, And all my race lie mouldering in the grave l Slaves wear the crown which graced a monarch's head, And who was monarch once is now a slave 1" My friend is good unto me, my foo is better; thie first tells me what I can do, the second tells what I should. 