''.,' MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS.' ??'' '? A very AwicwAnb Predioamenu — A , French- paper rolatoa a thrilling sebno which latoly occurred in a Paristoii mairio. A eouplo presented ? tlioniHoivsa to bo nuii-riod, tliu 'Brills boing about 18 years of 'go, and poHHDHHurt of considerable porsbnal iittnvocioiiH-; tho biidogroom mi oxtromcly Hmnll man, ngod -IB. When tho coromony wia concluded, tho door of tho hull was _ j bumf o'pon, and a, woman of gigantic . Btiituro, accompanied by a thin, damsel, of '-. .10i' burnt into thov room and elbowed hor Vay through tho Honiibirolo of guiratH. 'Wrotoh, scoundrel,' -thief I'- hIio cried, addressing tho liiinbiuul, who turned aa white- oh allfoolf;' l( this' ia how you loavo me in tho lurch) who have sighed during 15 years for the day when I might call mysolf your wife I' Saying this sho seized t}ie unhappy man by the collar and jerked him up under hor left arm as though he were a crush hat, taking no notice of his strugglos. ? Sho addressed tho mayor in a voice of thunder, ' Do I arrive too late 1' ' The marriago is con; ^MdeAil.seiJlietUliemayor,- 'and I rcquost you to releaso M. ~Xu'pSttaf''!Hid™$o« retire.' ' Not,' said tho giantess, 'with- out giving his deserts to the villian who leaves mo with this girl hero.' ' No, no, that girl is not mino, howled the little man. ' Ho liad ? better havo i-emained silent. Tho giantess frantically raised him in tho air, and whirled liim round her head. ' Repeat what you havo Baid,' she slirifiked j-'-this-childj-who-is.as.like.ypu_ as one pea is .to another — is she yours -or not ?' M. Augustin did not open his mouth. His executioner then seized his nose with ? her loft hand and .jwrung it violently. About this time^trwo of the, guests, moved by the entreaty of 'the bride, attempted to interfere,; but the enraged woman, using tho bridegroom as a ?weapon and brandishing . Mm at arms length, charged 'her opponorits with such fury, that' sho put thorn spocilily to flight. ' Gall tho police,' cried the mayor. ' You need not; givo - yoursolf the trouble,' hoarsely ejaculated the giantess ; 'I will let go tho rascalof my own accord. Hero, my beauty,' addressing the brido, ' is your Iittte bit ''of ~a' man. -I' have-nbt- bi-okon him. Wo havo no further business , here. ; Follow me, Baptistine ;' and so saying she flung, down her. victim . at the feet of ?tworagonts.of.ppliee, -ylio at that' moment appeared at tho doori ' I go,'' she added; 'but let him ever appear before me on his wife's arm, arid I will take him.betweon 'my .thumb and fore: finger and make but one mouthful of him.'- This little incident cast qiiite a 'gloom- over tho . assembled guests, and j^o. ono dared oven to pick the fainting bridegroom from. tlio floor until_the last' echo of the heavy footstops of tlio injured fair ono had died away in tlio distance, whon they raised. him to his feetV 'arid in solomn silenco they took their deiiarturo.-^-PnW Mall Gazette. '???: ,-?... ? _.._ ? _ Anonmsuop MAmmfQ AND.iiia CiEiiOT. -^-Trie-following is an address to Arch bishop. Manning from his clergy:— -' My Lord Archbishop,1 — On they occasion, of your Qracd's return frodv tho QDcumeni cal Council, wo, the clorgy of your diocese, are anxious to approach you with tho' respectful oppression of the thoughts which spontaneously arise and seek for utterance under such, circumstances. . It has been pur happiness to gather, not only fro'm tho kind expression of Catholics in , every land, but oven more amply from tho railing of all the'enomies of God's church, that your grace has booh ono of tlio chief instruments, in the hands of Divine Provi dence, for tho futhoranco of thatgreat'aet?: which bo deeply wounds the kingdom of Satan in tins worid. Wo moan that decree of faith in which wo all most heartily rejoice, wheroby the sacred council of tho Vatican, lawfully asflomblod in the Holy Ghost, has declared by tho Bamo spirit that the Roinan Pontiff, sue cessor of Peter, Vicar of Christ, has ever boon hold by thu Universal Church of God 'iolallilild iiThindoetriual utterance* to tho same Church of which he is uudor':God iarid by ,J[Ii3.. appointment tho siipromo rulbr/and tli,o..iinslialyeu [ fquudiitiou! W« therefore hasten lit one 'and, the same' .moment to present to your Grace our filial congratulatioliB oir'your wisheiUfor roturri to your dioceao during the recess of tlio' uji.iiiiiuuiuu v^uuuuii uuniruotib wisnes ior its happy conclusion under the aiispiccsof our most holy and iufullible Sovoroign -PontifiVand.ourJoyaLndIiesionltoL_evory^ one of its sacred do.crees, past aiid to como, as. becomes, my Lord Archbishop, your Gi'kco'b faithtul and dovoted. bous and servants in Christ.'— The Mail, '?'' A;-Valuame Discovkiu'.— Mrv Tlie'o philo JJchweskol'slci, ono of- the cloyoreat pupils of Baron Liebig, liiis just made an astounding discovery in' chomiBtry, viz., tho silicious aiid aluminouB othors. It is but necessary to pour into* clmmpagrio glass a certain', quantity of theso two others to produco almost 'instautanoously tho most ningnificcht stones j eombiucd with very puro oxido of iron the 'alu miiioiiH othur produces ruby ;. with sulphate, of copper, liio''H»j-phiro ; with, salts of iniingiuiuHU tho nntothynt ;'' with' suits of nickel, tho .oinoriuld j with suits of chromo tho nilicious /other .produces tho diU'eront colorationa.of tho topass. -Tliiiso! others ovaporato with a ponotrativi) per fumo, which Bpvurnl porsons l-hiiyoduulnrnir to bo very ngrowiblo. _Tlumilta crystalline vory regularly as soon as tho liquid part\ has gono. -She. corindons obtained through this means are not quite- bo hard as tho natural onos, but if the operation is carefully performed tho brilliancy is admirable. Tho silica and tho alumina which constitute tho earths and clays are easily 'found in tho different parts of tho globe, and tho preparation of tho new others, though dolicato, costs vory littloj ^Kiiso3diacfly,QIX,5vill bring forth a revolu tion not' only rn'jOTv^lefy'*b'uV*iinnosfr-pf our industrial- arts. General Tnocrnr. — The man we are how to look to on tho ITronch Bide for stragetic gonius (says an English Journal) is Goneral Trochu, the greatest soldier ia- France, and about .66 years of age. After graduating at. St. Cyr, in 18-10,. ho successively advanced in the 'anny until 1J)4(5,~ when- he -served :under_ Bugcaud, in Algoria. During the Crimean war, his geniuB and esperionee were entirely relied upon by Lord Paglan and the French. Marshals, and to liim more tlmu any other, is duo the credit of tho campaign which culminated in the capture of Sebastppol. ' In 18G4 he ':was created a General of Division, and waB charged with the ontiro reorganization of of the French artny upon a new system of tncticsj subsequently published under tho title '1' Armeo Francaise.' . He hasf long anticipated the present 'rupture, having been for the past five years on the most confidential terms with the Einperor and during that time has made a close 'study ' of— th'e' 'Ithenisb- pr6viuces_i£..lfo., man alivo is moro. thoroughly , acquainted with their characteristics as a thoatro of war, 'not even _Von Moltke, of whom Genorill Trochu promises to be a brilliant rival. ; . .- Papeh AiwtiEs.— There can 'be nothing moro amazing than the suddeness with which, after three actions, in which only parts of two corps have been engaged, the . Fr.erich army has melted down to 1^0,000, Or; posBibily,.'230,000, men. Wo^re told, indeed1 of another million of Frenchmen rushing to arms,-but-theserforrJ;he: most part, consist of new levies, or aro drawn from resources littlo dreamt' of in ordinary times— ^-gondarmeB, CuBtom officers, -fire brigades Natioflal Guards, all to bemade available in this hour of sore need. Tho puzzle -.is. how it happens that the French Empire, with its bloated arma ments in time of peace, should have coino to such extrpmities after a week's .war. Kot only However, are things not what they seem but also not what thby are 'said to be. Tlio wonder of the. OhaHjiepot s ?at Mentana were simply a myth of Do Failly'sj the ' havoc, wrought by tho mitrailieuse at jSaarbruck- only an iu^ genious invention of Frpssard. -The one .thing about which thero could be no divergence of opinions wlis the ?','ynlor of thV French soldiers; and to this their enemies bear ample witness. The Frouuh Boldiers are also anxious to do justice to., thoir atlVersury, -and ayor that '' tho French suffered very much from the superiority of the Prussian infantry in the steadiness anil accuracy of their tire.' —The Times. ~i . 