LEAVES FROM A LONELY GUM. By a Yellow Leaf. Shepherding — far away in the backwoods— a dreary, weary, solitary kind of life, based upon heartaches, misanthropy, and £35 a year. Isolated from every endearing association, from ladies true, semi and pseudo, from stone fences, cocktails and other such spiritual loves, from humbugs untold, and all sorts of christian hypocrisies. Re moved from everything at once calculated to unfold the sympathies, engage the loftier nature, and hurry one by the shortest road to blazes. A domus in the very heart of a wilderness — a home simple, modest, unadorned, but yet not without the roof, chimney, and many of the lesser minutite common to more pretentious structures. Its facade is truly imposing, and suggests to the classic and imagina tive mind the dark era preceding tiles and the birth of the immortal Jones-Inigo. The roof is composed of bark, stringy bark — here and there superseded by a bullocks hide, charming eye-relief. No grand architectural beauties, no marvellous masoneraft here — nothing to recal in the remotest degree the triglyphi of the Doric, the volutaj of the Ionic, the acanthus of the Corinthian, in their individuality or beautiful combination with one another. The order here is new, and of colonial creation, euphoniously styled primitive cockatoo. The material used is split slabs. The edifice, judged by its mud floor, would appear to have risen ready-made out of the bowels of the earth, but it hasn't ; its inner arrangements are marked by the same rude simplicity — no tender appeal is made to the sight, or the olfactory nerves ; glass-paned windows, spittoons, door-mats, roast- beef odours, and fly-catchers, are luxuries often dreamed of, but never known in reality. A Spartan austerity prevails, everything is adapted to use, and iron- like muscularity. Bed-chamber, drawing- room, parlor, and kitchen, lose their distinctiveness, and merge into one uniform whole. The business belonging to each is transacted in the same four walls margining a rhombus (once a square) 8 by 8, fully in keeping with the principles of Euclid, and modern Chris tianity. The fireplace is a gigantic feature, and reflects the wisdom and forethought of its designer ; it has ample space for the reception and roasting of two bullock carcases at the same time. In winter 'tis used to its purposes ; in summer set apart for the accomo dation of tramps, destitutes and lett miser ables generally, besides serving as a cupboard, wardrobe, and washing house. The diet is constant, and unchanging — opposed to Epicurism, but highly recom mended by hunger, and profit-and-loss humanity. The eternal ration of tea, sugar, and flour, with mutton and water ad libitum. The creature necessities vanish like ghosts before the light of philosophy. The physical Goliath is slain by the intellectual David. The bed is a true offspring of ingenuity — a hybrid between the article of the upholsterer's manufacture and the ship hammock, consisting of four sticks driven into the floor, framed and then covered with ragged, emancipated flour bags. The furniture generally is equally clever in the manner and matter of construction. A habitation belonging in its most striking features to the years beyond the flood. Wonders exist in the circle of this locus, the wildest conceivable anomalies, the strangest unities, and the harmony of nature pauses here, as if on the verge of the acknowledged terrestrial dominion. Ranges, vast, timbered, and majestic, and in long grey piles, ranges — the eloud- kissing apices of whose peaks seem to challenge proud adventurous man, and smaller sheep, taking their origin at the foot of puny ant hills, mutually forming miniature valleys, are evidence irresis tible of the earthquake and volcano of former ages. The venerable gum, and grass tree abound ; their growth is environed by thistles, and beauties peculiarly their own. Poetry — the genius of sentiment presides everywhere. In the air filled with the melody of fair plumed birds, made delicious with the rich perfume of native flowers, burdened with the bleating of lambs, fraught with the grunting of lazy sows — on the earth carpeted with the lovely pile of nature's own making — the soft dew besprinkled grass, a wealthy scattering of delicately beautiful ferns and a rare prodigality of daisies and sweet scented herbs, the whole occasionally diversified by pigweed, mushrooms, and Bathurst bur. Freedom— freedom, everything breathes of its blessings and glories. 'Tis testified in the tone and language of these reflections, in the fashion of these gar ments, in the amorus tit-a-whit-ti-ti of the blue bonnet, and the unmusical grah grah of the crow, in the lowing of distant kine, and the howding of my cur Beezun. A life different to that which is eternally crammed up in tight coats and cohesive trousers, and rests its claim to greatness on these, and the dead uncertainties of the hour— a life unlike that which spins itself out in flaming sighs, sonnets, and oysters. A life of noble suffering and wretchedness. Why do I pursue it ? Ah, why ! Go ask the maiden with the wither ing glaDces and strangling hair, she whom Kendall and nature have painted in such glowing colors. Go ask her papa, rich in gold pronnent in the comedy of social distinctions, but poor and mean in blood, incapable of any sentiments above those inspired by L. S. D. and the thermometer at 120 degrees. Go ask her mamma, a lady who is gouty, twenty stones in weight, and gliding into the twilight of fifty-five, who scrutinises the marriage offers made to her daughter through powerful concave glasses, utterly ignoring the wealth and majesty of love, the pride of birth and ancestry — every thing, but the authority of bank accounts. Go ask her brother, a fast sunshiny youth, strongly addicted to tall collars, petticoats, and the conventional haw haw, and lisp, but who is withal a tiny member of the canine species. Ask them all, and they will answer iu chorus LOVE, BLIGHTED LOVE. If further reason be yet needed, seek it in the follies and shattered affections of early man hood, in the guile and unrepaid loans of male friends, in the creeds of Heraclitus and Diogenes, and the sunny side of King-street East. My experience of the world has been dearly purchased, it has stifled every semblance of affection, destroyed my faith in the honor of my kind, and driven me into solitude, coarse shirts, and moleskin trousers. Here I am beyond the reach of evil influences and duns, here I can commune with my own heart and dedicate my life to philosophy and damper. 4 