The Storyteller ATHOLBANE. A ROMANCE OF KENMORE CASTLE. CHAPTER XIV. A VACANT PLACE AT KENMORE. BY S. COBB, ESQ. ON the day following the tournament the pea- santry had the field for such sports as they saw fit to engage in, and after that the assemblage dispersed. The king remained until the third day, when he returned to Scone, most of the Scottish knights going with him. Before he left, he gave promise of enduring friendship to Aldred of Lanark, and strongly urged the young man to make his appearance at the capital very often. The Earl of Northumberland, with his English followers, departed on the fourth day, and thus Kenmore Castle was once more quiet. Some of these knights would have remained longer, for the enjoyment of forest sports, but the sickness of Edwin kept the earl from joining them, and they thought best to withdraw. Douglas stopped as he felt in duty bound to do. On the evening of the sixth day of his pros- tration, Edwin of Kenmore lay upon his bed, his head bolstered up against a pile of soft pil- lows, and his face turned towards the window which overlooked the lake. The sun was just touching the ragged crest of Ben Lawers, and a golden glory suffused the balmy atmosphere. Atholbane sat near the foot of the bed, the countess stood by his side, while Clara Douglas was seated by the invalid's pillow. "I think he sleeps," said Lady Margaret. Clara made no reply, and presently the Coun- tess left the chamber, remarking, as she turned away: "I shall return by the time he wakes up." Hardly had his mother gone when Edwin opened his eyes. He had grown very thin and white—so thin and so white that even the blue lines which had marked the course of the veins had disappeared. "Clara, is my father here?" The earl arose and stood near his son. "Father, where is Aldred? I have not seen him to-day." "Would you see him now, my son?" "Yes. I love Aldred." Atholbane went to the door and called a ser- vant, whom he sent upon the errand. Ere long the Knight of Lanark came, and the boy's eyes were lighted up by a sudden flash of gratification as he felt the hand of his friend. "Dear, good Aldred," spoke the invalid, " I wished to see you once more. I wished to tell you how much I love you, and how like a very near brother you have seemed to me, and I wished that you should know this, in order that you might cherish my memory when I am gone." The knight bent over and kissed the boy's white brow. "Dear Edwin, it needed no such words from your lips to give me assuranoe of your love, nor to fix your fond image in my memory of bles- sing. If I have seemed like a brother to you, you have in turn bound yourself very close to my heart." A warm, happy smile overspread the face of the lad, and presently he said: "Once I thought it would be a very hard thing to die, but I think so no more. I am sure there is a better world than this—a world where there is no dark falsehood and no envious malice—where there is no pain—where duty and happiness are united, and where the Lord of Glory reigneth forever!" "Hush, Edwin," spoke the earl in a tremu- lous voice. "You know the physician told you that you must not talk too much." "I know; but still, father, what I have to say I must say now, for I am going away very soon. Come near to me. Clara, raise my head a little higher." The maiden placed another pillow beneath his head, and at the same time the earl drew nearer to his side. "The sun is going down—down—down. See how gloriously it sets. Clara your hair looks like gold, and your cheeks like the bloom- ing rose, but the golden glory of earth can come to an end, and the roses can fade. But you must not worry on that account. For such as you, dear cousin, the immortal gates are open, and when these beauties fade, the beauties beyond the grave shall be yours for evermore!" A little while the invalid lay gazing out upon the grand sunset scene, and then he turned to his father. "Father, I owe it to Clara, and to yourself to set your mind right where now I think it is wrong. When I am dead you must not look upon my fair cousin as having lost her affianced husband, for such is not the case." "Edwin, you wander—" "Stop, father. I know what I am saying. Ask Clara." The earl looked towards the maiden, and she said: "He speaks truly, my lord." "Aye," continued Edwin. "My cousin must be set right. If I had lived, we should not have married. She loves me tenderly and truly, but I have only a brother's plaoe in her heart. She has been honorable and just. She would have sacrificed herself if I had said so, and had lived to accept, but I would not have it so. I never loved Clara as a strong man should love the woman whom he would make his wife. My own weakness of body caused me to shrink from claiming the holy relationship. What was I, that I should assume to be the husband of such as Clara Douglas? So, my father, we have been very dear to each other, loving as brother and sister, and when I am gone Clara will have lost a brother—no more." Atholbane looked from his son to Clara Douglas, and then from her back to his son. The maiden saw that there was no sign of anger upon his face, nor yet of disappointment —only an expression of surprise and wonder, and she ventured to say: "Blame me not, my lord. Had Edwin claimed my hand, I should not have withheld it. He has told you the truth. Had I married him, he would have had my hand without my heart." "I should have lost more than I gained," interposed Edwin. "I should have gained a cold and empty hand, and lost all the love of a fond sister." "Lady, you have been honorable and just. It is not your fault that your heart had been given to another." "My lord!" " Hush. I ask no questions. If you cannot be Edwin's wife, then may God bless your union with some brave and noble man. Be your choice what it may, so that your happiness is to be promoted thereby, I will bid you goodspeed." Clara arose to her feet and moved to Athol- bane's side, and without speaking, she put her arms about his neck, and pillowed her head upon his bosom. "Lady- Clara—what is the matter? Why do you weep ?" "Bless you, my lord——" She had spoken thus much in a sobbing tone, when a strange sound from Edwin's lips arrested her attention, and both she and the earl started up. The boy was trying to speak, but his voice had failed him, and when he saw that his father was looking he pointed to Aldred. "What is it, my son?" "Aldred—Clara—" It was a feeble whisper, and it was all he could say. Atholbane understood him, however, and slowly shook his head. Then he took his son's hand, and quietly said: "I have no power to bestow, but I will not oppose." A smile of gratitude lighted up the pale face of the dying boy, and presently his gaze wandered off to the distant mountain, where the horizon was all aglow with the purpling halo that dwelt above the declining sun. Those who stood by the bedside waited for him to speak again, but he did not. The hand that had rested upon his bosom slid down by his side; a mystic shadow crept over his face; the warm light faded from the eye, and the mortal had put on immortality! "So fades my last hope of earth!" groaned Atholbane, sinking forward upon the bed, with his face buried in his hands. And Aldred, drawing him up and holding his hand in both his own, made earnest speech: "I cannot take the place of a son to thee Atholbane, but that other place I will fill as God gives me strength and knowledge. I will be thy brother, to do thee service with my life, if need be!" For a week or more after the funeral, a deep shadow rested upon Kenmore Castle, and the inmates thereof walked to and fro as though all shared in the heavy grief of the earl. Thor- wald was away most of the time, but when he was at home he professed to mourn with the rest. The countess expressed much regret that she had not been with her son when he died, and her regret was sincere. She had loved her pale boy, though from his earliest childhood she had not placed much hope in the success of his manhood. He had never received from her the love that warmed her heart towards her first- born, and who shall say that she was to blame? She had loved Eric of St. Philips as she never had loved Atholbane, and the Son of Eric had a place in her regard that could not be given to another. One morning, about two weeks after Edwin's death, Lady Margaret spoke with her husband upon a subject that occupied her thoughts con- tinually. "My lord, are you willing that I should speak with you upon a matter which is to me of grave importance?" "Certainly, Margaret. Speak on." The earl seemed to know what was coming, for he sat down and prepared to listen, without any show of surprise. "I wish to ask you," pursued the countess, with a slight trepidation in her manner, "whether you look upon my son as standing in the line of heirship to Kenmore?" "You speak of Thorwald?" "Of whom else should I speak? He is the only son I have." "Margaret, I cannot answer that question now." Atholbane spoke moderately and kindly, but yet with decision. "By the right of blood Thorwald has no more claim to the heirship than has my forester, or my butler. Were I to die to- day he could not touch an acre of this land, nor count a farthing of the revenue therefrom." "What would become of Kenmore in suoh an event?" asked the lady. "You would hold a living here while you lived a widow." "And then?" "Then, as I should leave no direct heir, the whole estate would revert to the crown, as it was a gift in the first place from the crown to my father for services rendered. But, Margaret, we will not pursue this subject now." "But," urged the lady, anxiously," you have the right to appoint an heir?" "That right is not vested alone in me," re- plied the earl. " I can nominate an heir, but the king must sanction it." "And, my lord, if you were to nominate my son, would Edgar refuse to confirm him?" Atholbane shook his head with a dissatisfied air. "Margaret, I am yet in the prime of life. I may outlive Thorwald many years. What is hidden in the womb of time we cannot tell. Your son has a home here, and holds honorable position; and while he chooses to remain he shall have such regard as he merits. But I am not prepared to go farther now. Mind you, my lady,—I do not speak with objection to Thor- wald, but with objection to the principle involved. Edwin's place cannot be filled at present. Wait. I will be Earl of Kenmore while I live; and if I live many years longer, coming time may work out a solution to the problem of succession that shall save us all trouble of perplexity. Wait, Margaret. We have no need of haste." The countess turned away with an expression of disappointment which she could not conceal. "Upon my soul," muttered the earl to himself, after she had gone, " I wonder much at her anxiety in this matter. What can be her object in urging such a thing at this time?" And it troubled him not a little, though not for a long while; for within two hours after his wife had left him Earl Douglas sought him in his chamber. "Now, my good brother-in-law," said Douglas, after he had seated himself, "it is time that we had some understanding of the relations be- tween as as they have been left by the death of Edwin. I have not spoken before because I would not break in upon your sorrow; but as the matter is one of importance I have thought further delay unnecessary." "You are right," replied Atholbane; "but still I cannot see that the subject has the im- portance you would give it. In the death of my son our compact fails; and there, it seems to me, is the end." "Not necessarily," said Douglas. "You will remember that our object in the proposed marriage was a union of our houses. The time may come—in fact, it is very likely to come— when the salvation of the realm may depend upon the union of the Scottish chiefs; and surely the need of that union is as great now as it was when our children were affianced." "I understand you," answered the Earl of Kenmore; " and I admit that your proposition is just; but I fail to see what end you aim at. The only bond of union we had is broken." "But," suggested Douglas, "there may be found a new one." "How so?" demanded Atholbane. "I have no living child." "But your wife has." In a moment the whole truth flashed upon Kenmore's mind; and he now knew why the countess had been so anxious concerning her son. "My brother," he said, after a moment's re- flection, "I comprehend now. If I will make Thorwald heir to this earldom you will bestow upon him you daughter"s hand?" "Yes," answered Douglas, quickly. "You have it now." "Ah," returned the other, with a solemn shake of the head. "I had not thought of that." "But what do you think of it now?" Atholbane arose from his chair and walked several times across the room. Finally he re- sumed his seat and looked his companion calmly in the face. "Douglas, I have learned to love your sweet child, and I am ready to make any reasonable sacrifice for her peace and happiness. If it would give her joy to see Thorwald made heir of Kenmore——" "Tush!" interrupted Douglas, with an im- patient movement. "Why speak of her?" This is a matter of polity. I know what Clara's answer would be. Unfortunately she loves my low- born protégé." "You mean Aldred?" "Yes," "He is my protégé now," said Atholbane; "and if you will give him the hand of your child, I will promise that the king shall raise him—" "Bah!" cried Douglas, stamping his foot upon the floor. "Talk not to me of mating a Doug- las with the son of a forester. Upon my soul, I am surprised." "You can be as surprised as you please," said Atholbane, mildly; "but you cannot make me understand why Aldred of Lanark would not make a better husband than Thorwald. And, more than that, the king loves the youth- ful knight." "By Saint Michael!" exclaimed proud Doug- las, starting in turn from his chair, "I love the Knight of Lanark as well as you or the king can love him; but I cannot forget that Wal- thorp is his father, and that his mother was a servant, and the child of a servant. The blood of Douglas cannot mingle with such a current!" The earl sat down, and presently added, in a lower tone: "We need not speak of Aldred now. You cannot make him your heir." "I wish I could," returned Atholbane; but the thing is impossible." "Then," said Doughs, "let us set him aside. I know that my daughter loves him, and that he loves her; and it was for that that I sent him away from Lanark. I wish it were otherwise; but as it is, we must make the best of it. And now let us turn our attention elsewhere. Thor- wald comes of noble stock on both sides; and you can make him your heir if you choose." "My lord," pronounced he of Kenmore, ris- ing to his feet, "I have much to think of before I give you a decisive answer to such a proposi- tion. Let this matter rest where it is at present I will consider—l will reflect." "But," interrupted Douglas, "I must have your word that you will not—" "Hold!" broke in Atholbane,with an im- perative motion of the hand. "I must be placed under no restrictions. You do not know all that I know. If you did— But never mind. I give you my promise that I will do all that may become a true man. Rest you satisfied with that." "But I am anxious." "So am I, good Douglas—more anxious than you can know." "Grant me one favor, Atholbane, and I will rest easy, and await your pleasure." "Anything in reason." "Then make some errand for Aldred away from Kenmore." "I will do so as soon as I can," said Athol- bane. "By the day after to-morrow I will send him to the king; and in a private missive to his majesty I will ask that the knight be kept at court until he hears further from me. Will that suit you?" Douglas said that he was satisfied. CHAPTER XV. A NEW SPIRIT IN THE GHOST'S TOWER. EARL DOUGLAS was not a man to betray a se- cret, nor to violate the confidence of friendship. He was proud of his station, jealous of his honor, and steadfast in his resolution. He had seen but little of his sister since her first mar- riage; and that little had been upon the bright side; so he regarded her now as a person whom he might trust implicitly,— not that he would have placed any weighty business in her hands, but he felt that she had equal inducement with him to maintain the purity and honor of his house. If Margaret had ever conceived a spirit of ill-feeling towards her husband, from any cause whatever, she had been careful not to show it to her brother; but she gave him to understand that all was peace and harmony at Kenmore. And the earl's estimation of Thorwald had been formed much upon his sister's representa- tion. During his visits at Lanark, Margaret's son had shown only the best side of his charac- ter, as there had been no occasion for him to show any other; and, furthermore, he had con- trived to so entertain his host that his compan- ionship had been agreeable. Douglas knew that Thorwald was an accomplished knight, and he believed him to be a true and honorable man. He could have wished that his sister's child had inherited less of his Norman father's spirit—a spirit that tended towards revenge and male- volence. Douglas had seen this; but he had never seen it in full play, and he did not know how much venom there was in the blood of the son of Eric. Under all these circumstances, it is not to be wondered at that Earl Douglas should turn his thoughts upon Thorwald as a husband for his daughter after Edwin's death. He had a strong desire to see Lanark and Kenmore united, and if Atholbane would but make Thor- wald his heir, that desire might be gratified. In fact, he considered that if Thorwald could become the heir, his daughter would be the gainer by Edwin's death. He thought not of love; in this estimate, he made no account of those blessings which spring from the union of pure hearts, but he thought of a bold husband and a hardy progeny. This idea once enter- tained, took firm possession of his mind; and as his sister was equally interested with himself, he communicated freely with her. And thus, without thought of harm, Douglas told Lady Margaret the result of his interview with Atholbane, at the same time bidding her hope that all would come out right. He did not caution her not to tell Thorwald what he had said, because he fancied that she would be discreet without any word from him. Early in the evening, Thorwald sought his mother in her chamber, and proceeded at once to inquire if she had spoken with her husband upon the subject they had in hand. "Yes," replied the countess, "I have spoken with him, and my brother has spoken with him. To me he was somewhat reserved, but to Douglas he let the whole truth slip. I do not think Atholbane regards you very favorably, but yet, if there was nothing else in the way, he might be brought over." Margaret paused, and when she continued there was much bitter feeling in her tone. "It is much as I had thought. My brother has told me all that passed between himself and Atholbane, and I find that Aldred of Lanark is the stumbling-block." "How!" cried Thorwald; "Aldred a stumbling-block in your husband's way?" "In our way," responded Margaret, with closed teeth. "I know," pursued the knight, "that Clara loves this fellow, and I know, too, that he loves her; but she most obey her father. If he is right, what shall hinder the consummation?" "Ah, my son," said the countess, with a little reluctance in her tone, "you must remem- ber that my brother's aim is to make his daughter mistress of Kenmore, and Atholbane does not seem inclined to give direct promise that the end can be attained through you." "Then he refuses to make me his heir?" ex- claimed Thorwald, with darkling brow and clutching fingers. "No," replied Margaret, "he does not re- fuse, but he hesitates." "And does he take thought of Aldred in this connexion?" "I think he does, my son. At all events, it would please him to see Clara's hand bestowed upon the youth." "'Sdeath!" cried the knight, stamping his foot upon the floor, "would Atholbane make Aldred his heir?" "No, he cannot do that; but he promises my brother that the king will raise the young knight to a post of honor." "By the gods!" shouted Thorwald, starting to his feet, "this is past endurance. But will the king do it?" "Easy, my son," spoke the countess, per- suasively. "If you are not careful we may be overheard. Sit down and listen." The excited man resumed his seat, and the lady continued: "We must look at the truth boldly, and not try to wink it out of sight. My husband has conceived a strong liking for Aldred of Lanark —so much so that he seems to think of no one else. While Edwin was alive there existed a slight bone of union between Atholbane and myself; but that is gone, and I am well satis- fied that I have no place in his heart. But it is not Atholbane alone; the king, I am persuaded, has taken the adventurer to his warmest regard. I like it not." The countess clenched her hands and shut her teeth, and the cloud upon her brow be- tokened that bitter feelings were in her heart. "I like it not," she repeated spitefully. "What with the ghost of Lady Maud, and the liking for this wanderer, and the unaccountable whim of the king, I am driven entirely out from my lord's regard." "Then," said the son of Eric, in a hot whis- per, "Aldred of Lanark stands between me and this earldom, and also between me and the hand of Clara Douglas?" "Hush! you must do nothing rash, my son." "Will you answer me?" cried the knight, impetuously. "Is it not true that Atholbane halts in this business because of Aldred of Lan- ark?" "It is true," replied Margaret. Thorwald walked several times across the room, and when he finally stopped he had ceased to tremble, and his lips were compressed until they were bloodless. "Mother," he said, scarcely above a whisper, "I will do nothing rash; I must think of this. Wait until I have reflected." "Thorwald, your eye is too bright." "Ha! ha! ha! it needs bright eyes in such times. Look you to the daughter of Earl Douglas, and I will look to the son of Walthorf. But I will do nothing rash. Fear not, my mother." The knight had turned towards the door, when the countess started to her feet, and caught him by the arm. "Thorwald," she cried, in accents of alarm, "you frighten me; what mean you?* "I did not know a Douglas could be a cow- ard!" retorted the son. "I am not a coward," returned his mother, quickly; "but I would be careful not to make matters worse than they now are. Your blood is hot, and you may do that which will set Atholbane forever against you. Aye—and more still; my brother—" "Tush!" you worry yourself without cause, my dear mother." Thorwald spoke very calmly, and even smiled as he spoke. "I have told you that I will do nothing rash, and I will keep my word. But of this you may rest assured: I will find some way to send Aldred of Lanark from Kenmore, and I will do it so quietly that my hand shall not be suspected. I have agents—l can find means. So rest you easy. Do not let either of the earls see that you are anxious." With these words Thorwald left his mother's chamber, and when he appeared at the supper table, he was more agreeable than usual. And after supper he walked with Atholbane and Douglas and Aldred in the court, and talked of the result of the tournament as though no sting were left in his bosom. The evening was calm and warm, and at a later hour as he walked alone upon the parapet, he met his mother and Clara directly beneath the old tower. He stopped and saluted the ladies, and the three stood, for awhile, and conversed upon such topics as were suggested by the hour and the scene. The knight assumed his gayest mood, and once or twice he succeeded in bring- ing a smile to Clara's face. At length Lady Margaret remarked that they were standing by the wall of the Ghost's Tower. "I have no particular fear," she said, "but I think we might find a more agreeable place for conversation." "My dear countess," asked Clara, "do you really think that there are ghosts in this tower?" Lady Margaret shook her head dubiously. "Your question, my child, shows that you are not acquainted with the affairs of Kenmore." "But," urged the maiden, "the apartments of the tower are occupied." "It is a foolish experiment," said Thorwald. "I do not think I am a coward, and yet I would not like to occupy those chambers night after night. We know, fair lady, that there are dis- embodied spirits in the tower—that the old chambers above us have been, for long years, the abode of spectres. And if we can credit the testimony of reliable witnesses, some of those ghostly inhabitants like not to be troubled. A man of flesh, clad in steel, and armed with spear and buckler, if he attack me, I know how to defend myself, but we know not how these spirits of another world may lay their evil power upon us. I have do donbt that men have been stricken with death who have tres- passed upon them. At all erents, if I were forced to make the apartments of this tower my abiding place, I should consider my chances of long life materially lessened." Clara bowed her head, and both Thorwald and his mother could see that she was troubled. "However," added the knight, after they had started to walk away from the tower, "we who have no cause to trouble the haunted chambers, need not fear that their spectral occupants will trouble us. And surely we should be very grateful that their ghostships do not lay claim to any other portion of the castle." At this juncture the two earls came up, and shortly afterwards the party returned to the keep. On the following morning, at an early hour, Thorwald called for his horse, and as he pre- pared to mount he stated to Douglas, who chanced to be in the court, that he was going to Finglen on business. "But," said the earl, "we are to have our hunt to-day. Can you not postpone your visit?" "Not well," replied Thorwald; "but I can, perhaps, do what will answer full as well for you, while it answers much better for me. I can make all possible haste, and return by the middle of the forenoon. I know Atholbane's hunting-ground, and if the ladies accompany you, and you are gone before I get back, I shall find you somewhere on the bank of the river, beyond Fortingal. At all events, you shall see me, and I shall be much disappointed if I do not arrive in season to enjoy most of your sport. I have a rare piece of horse-flesh here." After breakfast Atholbane ordered the horses to be brought to the inner court, and directed that the foresters should make ready all things for a day's sport. Some surprise was expressed by the countess that Thorwald was absent; but when her brother informed her that her son would probably join them before noon, she seemed satisfied. The party had been gone some two hours or more, when Thorwald returned; but he made no haste to follow them. He dismounted at the entrance to the stable yard, and directed Griffeth, who had been in waiting for him, to see that his horse was properly cared for. "But, my master, said the esquire, "the earl expects you in the forest. "He bade me tell you that you would find him by the river." "We will be off before long," returned the knight; "but I must first go to my chamber, where I have matters of my own to attend to. I will call you when I am ready." Thorwald went to his chamber, where he re- moved his riding boots and put on a pair of light slippers in their place. Then he came forth, and took his way along the corridor to- ward the Ghost's Tower. He walked very carefully, making no noise, as his feet fell upon the tiles, and over and anon casting his eyes around, as though to be sure that he was not observed. When he reached the large bed-chamber, which Aldred still con- tinued to occupy, he noiselessly closed the door behind him, and then advanced to the side- board, whereon stood two bottles, a ewer, and two silver drinking-cups. The bottles had both been opened, though only a slight portion of the contents had been used; one contained a fine, aromatic cordial, and the other some choice old wine. "Yes, yes, my Lady Clara," muttered the in- truder, as he set the wine bottle back, "there may be dangerous spirits in this chamber. Aye —and deadly spirits too! The Knight of Lan- ark is not proof against the spectre I shall bring up for him!" As he spoke be drew a phial from his pocket, and removed the stopper. His hands trembled a little, and he looked carefully around. The door of the Blue Chamber was ajar, and he went and closed it; then he went to the bed, and looked behind the curtains; and finally he returned to the side-board, and poured half the contents of the phial into the bottle of cordial and the other half he mixed with the wine. " So, so," he said, after he bad put the bottles as he had found them; "if the ghosts don't drink this up before master Aldred returns, he will find a resting-portion that will give him an eternal quiet!" There were other bottles in a lower portion of the side-board, but as they were all sealed, Thorwald judged that they would not be touched until those already opened had been emptied; so he went away with a strong faith that his rival would trouble him no more. If he held any thought of what might be the danger to others through the deadly agent he had left behind him, the thought did not give him trouble; for that chamber was not a place frequented by other inmates of the castle. The Knight of Lanark alone bved the solitude of the old tower; and if he was fond of the com- pany of ghosts, he might very soon put off this mortal tenement, and so enjoy their society without restraint. Shortly after noon Thorwald, accompanied by his esquire, joined the hunting party in the forest, and though at times be seemed a little absent in his thoughts, he still managed to bear himself cheerfully. And especially did he take pains to treat Aldred with marked respect and friendliness; but our hero was not deceived into the belief that his enemy had changed; and, while he received the friendly attentions with becoming grace, he could not fail to ob- serve the snake-like fire of hate that ever and anon lighted up the eyes of the speaker. The sun was just sinking behind the hoary crest of Ben Lawers when the hunting party emerged from the forest towards the castle; and Thorwald, drawing his rein, and coming to a walk by where Atholbane and Douglas rode, said to the former: "My lord, ere I left for Finglen this morn- ing I promised Douglas that I would join you in the chase to-day. I kept my promise; but in doing so I was forced to leave my business unfinished. I have friends there waiting for me, and I must join them this evening. I shall return on the morrow." With this the Son of Eric took off his hat to the party, and having spoken a word of adieu to his mother and Lady Clara, he rode away, followed by his esquire. Within the castle was a messenger, just ar- rired from Lanark, waiting very impatiently to see Earl Douglas. "Ah—Robert! What now?" Douglas was surprised and eager, for Robert was his conf- dential agent and lieutenant, whom he had left to take care of his castle. "A message from the countess, my lord," re- plied the courier, extending a packet as he spoke. The earl took it, and cut the band with his dagger, and when he had read the contents he turned to Aldred. "Good Aldred, you and I must make all haste and eat our suppers, and then away for Lanark." "Now, father?" interrupted Clara, who had just been assisted from the saddle by the youth- ful knight. "You will remain here, my child, for Aldred and I must ride with a will." "Is there need of so much haste?" asked Atholbane. "Yes," answered Douglas. "We will take fresh horses, and ride to Stirling to-night. There we can rest a couple of hours, with our good Fitz Henry; and with horses fresh from there we may reach Lanark early on the morrow." "My lord!" spoke our hero, anxiously. "Your father is ill, Aldred—perhaps dying. He would see us. He has something to say to you—something to say to me. Let us make haste." Douglas evidently had something more upon his mind—something which he had gained from the missive the messenger had brought, but he chose to reveal no more to his protégé. CHAPTER XVI. THE SERPENT BITES! ON the morning after the departure of Douglas and Aldred, Atholbane felt sad and lonesome. Even Thorwald was gone, so he had none to convene with save the servants; for he was not in the mood to seek his wife. Of late she had seemed more distant from him than ever, and more than once she had intimated that she could wish she might never see him again. It was in these moods—when left alone by the departure of visitors—that he had been wont to seek and enjoy the companionship of Edwin; but Edwin was with him no more. Towards the middle of the forenoon, as the earl was thinking of sending for his horse, a gay cavalcade came dashing over the drawbridge, at the head of which rode the king. "By my faith, sire," cried the earl, as he grasped Edgar's hand after the latter had dis- mounted, "your coming is most opportune. I am lonesome and sad." "Where is Douglas?" asked Edgar. "Gone to Lanark," "So soon? I thought he meant to tarry longer." "An unexpected message called him, sire. He will return." "And Aldred—where is he?" "Gone with Douglas. Old Walthorf, the forester, is sick unto death, and would see his son," "And who sent for Douglas?" asked the king. "The same—Walthorf—-wished to see them both before he died." "What was the nature of the message?" "I know no more, sire." "And you suspect nothing?" "What could I suspect?" Instead of making any rejoinder, the king bowed his head for a few moments; and when he looked up again a strange light was just fad- ing from his eye. "I cannot stop with you now, good brother," he said. "I am on my way to Stirling, and I came hither to see if Aldred would not ride with me. I will rest awhile, however." Atholbane led the way to the keep, where the countess and Clara Douglas joined them, and after partaking of refreshments, and chat- ing awhile with the ladies, his majesty arose to depart. "You will stop on your return," urged the host. "Yes," replied Edgar. "Such was my plan." "Your apartments shall be ready for you." "lf Aldred has not returned when I come back," said the king, as they passed through the hall, "I shall have a favor to ask of you." "Anything, sire." "It is not much. I wish to occupy the apart- ments in the Ghost's Tower." The countess, who had been standing by an open door, heard thus much; and she heard her husband make favorable reply; but she could hear no more. She saw the king and his retinue ride away, and then she retired to her own chamber, leaving Clara to entertain the earl. And a pleasant entertainment the earl found it. Under the influence of the maiden's genial smile and consoling words, he found his spirits revive; and by and bye they walked away to- gether down by the shore of the lake. Meanwhile a new thought had entered the mind of the countess. She was determined to pay a visit to the Ghost's Tower. Nothing on earth could have induced her to spend a night in that ghostly place; but on this bright, beau- tiful day, with the sun shining so warmly, there could be no danger. Aldred slept there, and had no trouble. And now the king sought the privilege of occupying those rooms. What did it mean? There must be some reason for it? Edgar could not have expressed such a wish without some object. She knew that Aldred professed to have seen bright spirits there; and she knew that the king had stopped there one night with him. She had learned the fact from one of the servants who was cognisant of it. In short, her curiosity was aroused to such a pitch that she could not resist the temptation; and while the fit was on her she called her maid to accompany her, meaning to make the visit while her husband and Clara were away. "I have a curiosity to see the Blue Chamber once more," she said to her attendant, "and we will go at once. I hope you are not afraid, Re- becca." "Not at all, ma'am," returned the maid, who was a bright-faced girl of some twenty years. "If you wish to go, I am ready to go with you." "There can be no danger, Rebecca; for Al- dred of Lanark has slept there many nights." The countess seemed to ask the question rather than make the assertion. Rebecca might have felt some hesitation had she been asked to go alone to the Ghost's Tower; but she had no fear of going with her mistress. She knew that Aldred was away, and she felt a mighty curiosity to look into the chambers where the ghosts were said to make their nocturnal visits. "What danger can there be in the daytime, ma'am?" she demanded, with pert assurance. "Ghosts are like the stars—they can travel only in the night. Who ever heard of a ghost being seen by daylight?" "To be sure, Rebecca—who ever did ? Let us go at once." The countess led the way, and with a bold step she moved on until she reached the corr- dor beyond the main keep; but here she faltered, and finally came to a stop. "What is the matter, my lady?" "Nothing, Rebecca." Margaret tried to speak bravely, but her voice was low, and when the moved on again her step was slower than before, and she kept closer to her maid. At the door which opened to the first ante-chamber of the tower the countess stopped once more, and her hand trembled upon the latch. If she had spoken her feelings at that moment she would have said that her courage was failing her—that she wished she had not set out on the expedition, A mystic voice seemed whispering to her that she was treading upon dangerous ground. "Surely, ma'am," suggested the maid, who could not fail to understand somewhat of her mistress' feelings, "you and I, who have no thought of harm to any living thing, and no enmity towards those that are dead, can have nothing to fear? The words called new uneasiness to the soul of Lady Margaret. She thought of the plot she had entered into against Aldred of Lanark; and she thought of how she was aiding her dark-browed son against her husband. But she could not expose these things to her attendant, and with a powerful effort she calmed her out- ward emotion, and pushed open the door. When she reached the large bed-chamber she stopped and sat down. How familiar everything looked. The hang- ings were the same, the furniture the same, the trappings of the bed the same, and the orna- ments the same, that had been her silent com- panions in the years that were gone. "This used to be your sleeping apartment?" said Rebecca, interrogatively. "Yes," replied the countess. "And that is the Blue Chamber beyond?" "Yes." "Shall we look into it?" Margaret arose and moved towards the door. Her hand was upon the latch, and she hesitated. At that moment a passing cloud obscured the sun, and a deep shadow fell upon the scene. "Shall I open the door, my lady? It would be a pity not to look into the Blue Chamber after all this trouble." The cloud seemed to grow thicker and darker over the face of the sun, and as the countess, with a violent effort, tremblingly opened the door, a shadow, as of approaching night, had fallen upon the quaint old tapestry. But she did not stop. She pushed the door wide open, and crossed the threshold. One more step, and she was for the moment rooted to the spot whereon she stood by a scene that sent a thrill of horrow to every nerve. At the alter, before the crucifix, knelt a fe- male figure, clad in black, with hands folded across the bosom, and head bowed. A low moan from the lips of the dark presence trembled upon the air; and then, with a wild, piercing shriek, the countess staggered back, and was caught in the arms of her attendant; and at the same moment the door of the Blue Chamber closed, seemingly of its own accord. "What was it, my lady?" asked Rebecca, in quivering, frightened tones. The countess started up, and looked around. "Where am I?" "Here you are, dear lady, in the bed-chamber. What did you see in the other room?" Margaret looked around again, with a wild, uncertain gaze, and finally she seemed to com- prehend what had transpired; and she also ob- served that the door of the Blue Chamber was closed. "I went in there?" she said, raising her trembling hand towards the door. "Yes, lady." "And did you not see what I saw?" "I saw nothing, lady. I did not enter the room. I was waiting for you to pass on, when you cried out with a terrible cry, and fell back into my arms." O, my soul! let us get away from here as soon as possible! I cannot tell you now what I saw. I am weak, Rebecca. Is there not wine upon the sideboard?" "Yes, lady." "Bring me some—anything to take this pal- sied quivering from my limbs." "Here is wine and cordial both," said Re- becca, after she had examined the bottles. She was somewhat nervous and uneasy, but the ex- treme helplessness of her mistress gave her strength. "Bring me the cordial." The maid poured some of the cordial into the silver cup, and Lady Margaret drank it at a draught. "Will you have more?" "No, Rebecca. That's enough. It warms me, and gives me strength. Let us go now." "And will you not tell me, as we go, what you saw?" asked the attendant. When they reached the corridor the countess answered: "I saw the dark spirit that haunts that cham- ber. It was a woman, clad in black. Did you not hear her groan?" "No, lady. I heard nothing of the kind. Could it have been something of your own imagination?" "Hush, Rebecca. I know what I saw. Let us hasten on. I would reach my chamber be- fore the earl returns." Once more in her own apartment, the count- ess sank down faint and shattered, and in a little while she complained of pain and dizzi- ness. "Rebecca," she moaned, "I feel sick almost unto death." "I had better send for the doctor, lady." "No, no—not yet. I may feel better by and by." But instead of feeling better, Lady Margaret felt worse and worse, and at length, with the terrible conviction upon her that she might die if she did not obtain help, she suffered her maid to go for the physician. Malbert chanced to be near at hand, and attended upon the countess without delay. "Good Malbert, do you think I shall die?" The old man shook his head with a pained and puzzled look. "I cannot conceive," he said, "what manner of disease is upon you." "It is pain! pain! pain!" groaned the suf- ferer. "I am burning here," and she pressed her hand over her stomach. "And I am dizzy, and my head aches." "You must have eaten something, lady, or drank something." "The cordial!" cried Rebecca, whose thoughts flashed backed to the scene in the old tower. "No, no, no!" uttered Margaret. "There was no cordial. I have not had any." "But, my lady—" "Hush, Rebecca. You know not what you say." The physician saw that there was something' shadowed in the maid's remark which the mis- tress would conceal, and finally, after he had made the countess understand that her life might depend upon his knowing the truth, he gained the story. His first movement after this was based upon the supposition that his patient had taken poison, and when he had ad- ministered a powerful emetic, and given Re- becca directions for watching until his return, he went to the bed-chamber in the Ghost's Tower, and brought away both the bottles that had stood unsealed upon the sideboard. As he passed the head of the stairs on his return, he saw the earl and Clara Douglas in the lower hall, and having sent the maiden to see the countess, he drew Atholbane aside and told him what had transpired. The countess, with her maid, had been to the haunted chambers of the old tower, and there she had seen something which had sorely frightened her, and to help her to overcome her weakness, she had drank some cordial from a bottle that stood upon the sideboard. "There were two bottles," the physician con- tinued, "and I have them both here." "They are some that I gave to Aldred," said the earl. "And you have more of the same kind?" "Yes." "Then send for some, and let us compare them." Atholbane found his butler, and directed him to bring a bottle of wine and a bottle of cordial like those which he held. Meanwhile clean cups were procured, and when the butler re- turned the physician was ready for his examina- tion. And it did not take long to demonstrate that the wine and the cordial which had been brought from the tower were very different from the pure specimens which had been brought from the cellar. The first mentioned had a paler hue, as though the organic matter which gave color to the liquid had been eaten up by some powerful agent, and they also gave forth an odor, when violently shaken, that was particu- larly disagreeable. "Malbert, what is it?" asked the earl, in a hushed voice. "We must ascertain that, my lord, by experi- ment," replied the physician, "and the sooner we do it the better, for I may then know how to treat the countess. There are some young kids in the court. Let us bring one in." Unwilling to trust any of the servants with the secret, the earl went himself to the court, and soon returned, bearing a kid in his arms, and without much difficulty he and Malbert succeeded in forcing a goodly quantity of the cordial down the animal's throat. They had not long to wait for the result. Ere many minutes the poor creature staggered and fell, a violent paroxysm ensued, there was frothing at the mouth, a starting out of the eyes, and in a little while the kid was dead. "There can be no question about this," said Atholbane. "None, my lord. The countess is poisoned!" "Then," cried the earl, starting to his feet, "let us hasten to her assistance, and after that we will learn more, if we can. We may save her yet." They found Lady Margaret suffering intensely. The emetic had operated, but it had not relieved her of pain. She saw her husband, and knew him. "O, my lord, is there no help?" she groaned. "Dear Margaret," replied Atholbane, advanc- ing to the bed, and taking her hand, "you are very sick." "I want the truth," she said, clutching at the hand of her husband spasmodically. "Have I been poisoned?" "You have, my lady. Malbert has told me of your adventure, and we have discovered that the cordial which you drank contained a poison most deadly." The countess uttered a loud cry, and started up from her pillow. "Curses on the low-born wretch!" she ex- claimed. "O, this is some of Aldred's work!" "No, no, no!" exclaimed Clara, impulsively. "He could not have done such a thing." "He did! he did!" shrieked the countess. "He left the poisoned cordial there in order that we might drink and die." "Say, rather," returned Clara, flushed with excitement, "that some enemy left it there in order that Aldred might drink and die." "Peace!" interposed the earl, speaking partly to his wife and in part to Clara. " Who- ever left it there has accomplished his work most terribly, but I think he has missed his aim. The serpent has bitten where he least ex- pected." "But I am not bitten. I shall not die. Save me! O, save me! I burn! I burn!— Malbert, where are your potent drugs?—O!" The suffering woman writhed and twisted, and directly she began to froth at the mouth. "Where is Thorwald?" she cried, again start- ing from here pillow, and gazing wildly around. "Thorwald. My son!——Away, Earl of Ken- more. I care not for you. I love you not. I love my son—my Thorwald—the son of brave Eric!—O, Thorwald, thou shalt be Earl of Kenmore by and by!" Thus gasping, the woman sank back, and when she tried to speak again she could not. Her husband bent over her, but she tried to put him away, and her lips moved as though she would still call her son. Even Clara Douglas she noticed not. It was painful to see the sufferer writhe in her agony, and Atholbane asked if nothing could be done. The old physician shook his head. "There is no help on earth," he said. " The end is near at hand." In a little while Clara Douglas moved from the bedside, and grasped the earl by the arm. "My lord," she said, in an eager, quivering whisper, "do you believe that Aldred of Lan- ark did that?" Atholbane kissed the maiden upon the brow, and gently replied: "Fear not, sweet child. The sin lies not at Aldred's door." Then he turned and stood by the side of the dead countess, and he prayed from the inner- most depths of his heart that she might find blessing in the other world! [WILL BE CONCLUDED IN OUR NEXT.] SURELY this is the age of refined cruelty. A correspondent of the Pall Mall now proposes a new torture for wife-beaters. Admitting that flogging is in some respects good for this class, it has its evils, says the writer, and he adds, "A galvanic battery is the substitute I would propose. Electrify garotters, wife-beaters, brutally cruel cattle drivers, and the like. Give them shocks proportionate to their crimi- nality. Any electrician would construct a machine which would allow of gradations of pain, from the well- known 'pins and needles' up to a jarring which would resemble the break- ing of bones. .... The infliction could be stopped instantly, or would leave little or no disabling effect afterwards. It would also admit of frequent application." There is something hideously cruel in the way this is put, but the fact is that to admininister physical pain seems the only way of treating the scoundrels who assault women and children or torture animals. There would be one great advantage in this system over lengthened terms of imprisonment: it would cost much less. A sound flogging or a few applications of the galvanic battery, and then the villain might be turned adrift to pro- vide for himself. This would be much cheaper than finding him in food, clothing, and lodging for six months. 