NEWS OF THE WEEK. \- - m ? — ' ? . Messrs. Duffield & Co., in consequence of the slackness in the milling business, have^ decided to close one of their flour mills — the Union— for the present. Mr. Proctor, cider manufacturer, was thrown from his horse near Woodville yester day, and taken up insensible. Dr. Todraan attended the sufferer, who is progressing as weli as can be expected, considering that he has sustained concussion of the brain. Mr. Jas. Goode, who was wounded in the late disturbance in King William- street, has withdrawn his threatened action against Chief Inspector Searcy, leaving it to the Go vernment to award nirn such, compensation for his involuntary blood-letting as they think proper. . We are .glad to inform our readers that the Bev. C. W. Evan, minister of the Stow Memorial Church, who has been in Europe for his health, arrived by the Rangatira on Friday evening. The rev. gentleman- is accompanied by the Rev. Mr. Davies, who comes out as Mr. Evan's coadjutor. We understand both gentle men-will' take part in the public services at Stow Church on Sunday. Mr. Evan was met at the Port by Messrs. A. Hay, M.P., and M. Goode, two of the deacons of his church. We find that during the quarter ended March 31 there were 28,360 sheep, 659 cattle, and 200 horses imported overland into this colony from New South Wales, Qaeecsland, and Victoria. Of the sheep 21,860 were from New South Wales, and 6,500 from Victoria. The horses were all from Victoria, and the exports were nil. as to sheep and. horses ; but we sent 138 head of cattle to New South Wales, and 8 head to Victoria. ? The annual treat of the children attend ing Christchurch Sunday-School took place on Friday,. April 22. Divine service was held in the Church atlO o'clock, and then the children, -yL. numbering in all 160 proceeded under the care of their teachers to the grounds of the Hon. J. Crozier, which had been kindly lent for the occasion. The usual games were heartily entered into, and the children appeared to thoroughly enjoy themselves. At half-past 4 a. start was made for North Adelaide, which was-, reached safely, and the children having given : three cheers for their minister and the teachers,, sang several hymns, and the - benediction having been pronounced, they dispersed. No, accident happened to mar the day's pleasure. On Friday morning Mr. James Henry.' Howe, formerly a boot and shoemaker in Hind* leyvstreet, committed suicide by shooting him self at his house in Eliza-street. About 10- o'clock that morning several of the neighbors went to Sergeant Ennis, who lives near, andt told him that Mr. Howe was in. bed and they were unable to arouse him. He at once pro ceeded ts- the house, and found the unfortunate man lying on his bed with an Enfield rifle in Ms hand. Upon a closer examination he discovered that there was a large hole through the head. A small portion of the brain was sticking on the wall, ? and the head of the bed was saturated with blood. A piece of tape was attached to the trigger of the rifle, with which it was sur mised he had caused the gun to explode. On a washstacd close at hand was lying an open Bible. Mr. Howe has had some reversions in his business, and some short time, since unsuc cessfully tried to make away with himself. This, no doubt, combined with the fact that he has been unable to obtain employment, has operated on his mind, and led him to commit the rash act. On Friday afternoon, April 22, Mr. ? Thos. 'Ward, J.P., held an inquest at the Ade laide Hospital on the body *f George Weekley, whose death occured the day previous. Mr. John Scarborough was appointed foreman of a Jury of 14, and the body having been viewed, , the following evidence was taken. Wm. Witherick, storekeeper in the Telegraph De partment, residing at North Adelaide, said he identified the body in the deadhouse as that of George Weekley. Deceased lived at Premimma Creek, and he was a farm laborer. Last saw him alive two years since. He was a man of good health, and witness knew nothing relative to the cause of his death. Had heard that de ceased met with an accident whilst sinking the foundations of a house for Mr. Randall at Man num. Heard that a stone fell on his bowels which required 12 men to lift off. Was related to the deceased. Frederiok Lockwood Logan* Senior House Surgeon Adelaide Hospital, said deceased was admitted into the Hospital 01 Saturday last, suffering from a severe pain in the abdomen, and he was in a very weak condition. He said he had sustained an injury from a quantity of earth and stone falling upon him whilst digging out a foundation for a house in the neighborhood of Mount Pleasant. He said Dr. Gosse had seen him and had sent him to the Hospital. He was put under treatment, and opiates were given him. Dr. Wylde saw him the following Monday. Thought when deceased was brought in that he was suffering from a fracture of the hip bones. He died on Thursday. Had made a post-mortem examination of the body, and had found that the pelvis or hip bones were broken in three places. Peritonitis followed as a matter of coaxse. The ' injury was sufficient to cause death. By a Juror — Deceased was conscious till within 24 hours of Ma death, and did not attach blame to any one. This was the whole of the evidence which the police had been able to being absent, and it being necessary to have his attendance, the enquiry was adjourned till Tuesday next, at 2 o'clock. Mr. Wiltshire, who has been several times to the Northern Territory, is intending; i to start a vessel for Port Darwin, and offers. ^*- to take passengers or cargo. This is purely a. private speculation, and is a spirited enter-, prise, which deserves to be rewarded wittv. success. We understand Mr. Wiltshire's idea,, is to trade between Timor or other Dutch? colonies and Port Darwin, and possibly any other settlements that are or may be found o* the north coast of this continent. Auditing is done cheaply in Cape Town c^bnyVif- ffemayjuclgefroiaaasaveitisemeht fc a* 0Ape Jfoiii Inviting teiiabM^otwiditing $t?w ^Memorial Church, and the Rev. Mr. -3^vies who accompanies iaia as coadjator, ai ?zxved in Melbourne fay 4heJ-OFer Oasfcle on ^afitii.inst.,; asa.wpre to leave for Adelaide Igrjihe. Bangafara yesterday, . ; ... 1 ^^' We-'imdeiirtiandJ^iit like Mount Plea sanfc isef shows very -,gooa prospects. At 'a .depth of 99 feet, the quartz is found to be very iicb.ln the. ppecjbuBinetaL Operations are be ing pushed on vigorously, and it is Relieved that the claim viil turn out to tev^valuafcle. ' Advices fromfheBading by this week's ta^aa«^%e effect that the Biver Darling prtiUcontaiuieb to rise, and & letter from Went iworfch, jcn April 18, states that that liver had jdsen 42 feet at Boarke, -and is falling. ? . At the first distribution, of soup in con nection* with the recently -established soup iritchen ia Hanson-street, 52 quarts were sold at a penny a quart. The Committee earnestly solicit contributions from the public in aid of \- the kitchen, which is certainly a deserving ob feet. 'We have been requested to state, that the provisions . supplied onboard the Kohrnoor to the Northern Territory party on their last return voyage to Port Adelaide, wore not fin* rushed by' the Government, or through JMx. -J; T. Turnbull, who supplied all ether stores sent to the Northern Territory. ..'.'' . : The exceedingly low state of the water in the Eeservotr -ails ?for some action to be taken by 'the authorities in preventing any un necessary *ase of the^water supply by the resi dents of Adelaide andiPort Adelaide. Should no laini fall soon. %hereappeaiB to be only two or th^ee weeks' supply sA present stored. . Sir. Goyder, Surveyor-General^ left town en Thursday for the Sonth-East, on valuatiou duties, rendered necessary by the WaBte lands Act. On his return Mr. Ctoydeir will then pro ceed to ihe Port Lincoln distriefc. ?: . ; We are informed iihat during the past three or four weeks the large engine shaft of the Almanda Mine has been^sunk, and close tim bered to the depth of seven fathoms, and all the bzcavations madefor connecting theengine with the same. - : Dr, Barlas has resigned his commission as Justice of the Peace in consequence of eotne severe remarks made by Mr. justice Wearing at the receBt sittings of tke Local Court, at Mount Gambier, respecting his and . Mr, McClure's conduct in committing a person named Brodie for stealing bullocks. \- We Are informed that .Mr. Whiting, of the Barrier Ranges, has started a number of sheep, horses,- and cattle, en route for the Northern Territory, and he intends following them up himself in a few days. This is a step in the right direction, and one that we hope will be followed up by other of our squatters; The troopers who are going by. the Gulnare to the northern Territory in. place -of those who returned are troopers 3'odd and Catchlove. ? The former was in the territory for upwards of three years, and obtained a consider able acquaintance with the language of the natives, over whom he possessed great influence. There may be seen at our office some cobs of Indian corn, grown , by Mr. T. D. Jefferson, of Salt Creek, South Rhine. They areof fine growth, and excellent quality, and stated- to be- equal to Queensland samples. About quarter of an acre, producing 15 bushels {or 60 bushels to the acre), was cultivated. This is an excellent fodder crop, as the stalks, leaves, &a;, are greedily eaten by cattle, end the crushed maize is well known as capital feed for horses. , A very .promising reef has been found at Mount Torrens. In the cap gold is found pretty 'plentifully in decomposed ironstone. TJelow is white quartz, into which the miners have sunk about, six feet. Gold does not show in the quartz as yet; but it is hoped that good results may be obtained at a greater depth. The reef, which is on private property, is well defined. . ' ''? \ '''?'. Advertising is carried on at high pres sure in Cape Town. An enterprising tailor occupies a whole column -in the local organ-; adopting as his 'medium' the 'Governor's speech at the opening of Parliament. The ** speech' is drawn np in the ^customary style, but every paragraph cleverly culminates with a recommendation of the knight of the thimble, who is thus made the hero of the vice 'regal address. ' ? ? . ?.-?-. c By the Cporong on Wednesday, 'Mr. J. F. Williams (Tattersall's) for warded to Mel bourne his well-known favorite hunter Pastime, This will no. doubt be felt :a cause for regret to those gentlemen who during the last hunting season, had the chance of taking a 'flying leap' with Pastime. Topthorne remains in Adelaide, audit is to be hoped that efforts will etill be made to form a hunting' club, for the season. It would be indeed a pity should the enterprise shown by Messrs. Blackler, Wil liams, and others, in introducing hounds and hunters be wasted. We Teceived on*Taesday accounts of several cricket matches played on the North Park Lands on Good Friday, but these Teports were too much out of date for publication. We may, however, mention the gross results, in each match. Eleven seniors defeated eleven juniors of the West Torrens Cricket Club ; the Hindmarsh gained a victory over the Sussex Club; and the Centrals scored more runs in one innings than the Sowden Union Cricketers did in two. The Easter Vestry meeting of St. Thomas's Church, Balhannab, was held on Monday evening, April 18. The Rev. E. Browne presided. Thomas Pagh, Esq., was chosen Synodsman, and Messrs. Roe and Bur gess were re- elected Wardens for the year. The accounts were audited and passed, and votes of thanks were presented to the retiring officers and to the Chairman. A vestry meeting-of Trinity Church was held on Tuesday evening, April 19. Present— The Rev. Mr. iteid, the Rev. Mr. Ewbank, the trustees, and a fair attendance of sea£holders. The accounts were audited, and the following officers elected for the ensuing year :— -Minister* Warden— Mr. W. Main ; People's Warden Mr. Holmes; Synodsmen — .Sir James Fishier, Messrs. W. A. Cawthprne, S. Toms, Holmes; Sidesmen— Messrs. Cox, Fax, Hines, Holmes, Haddrick, and Cookej Auditors — MesBrs. Pearce and Cawthorne. Votes of thanks were passed- to the office-bearers for the past year. A shameful case has been reported to us (Mount Gambler Standard), in which a farm servant in the employ of Mr. Thomas Burgess has made himself liable to very severe punish ment. He was entrusted with the charge of a waggon and team of horses, and whilst at Narra coorte and Penola it appears that he indulged In strong drink to such an extent' as to render himself reckless and incapable of attending to his charge. The result was that one horse was killed, another lost, a third very much injured, and the waggon was abandoned, the drunken servant absconding. The police are in pursuit, and it is to be hoped they will speedily bring Mm within the reach of justice. : ' The jtivstralasian says: — Owners of broad mares will be glad to hear that Mr. A. Lincolne, as agent for Mr. Gerrard, of South Australia, .has been ab'e to secure an excellent farm-on the Mem Oreek, as a homestead for : his two entire thoroughbred horses, Talk o' the \- FT»Hr and Union Jack. The farm consists of 250 acres of well-grassed land , and is subdivided intoconvement paddocks, with substantial post And-rail fencing, and is situate about four miles from Melbourne, adjoining the grounds at Crox i ton Park. Jordan, who has been over here some time oh the look out fora place, has returned to Adelaide, and will bring over the horses about the first week in August. Mr. Abraham Lincolne, whose office is in Kirk's Bazaar; will j -still-act as-sgentr ~ ? ~ ? j About 1 Vclock on rSat«irdayT» 'horse' '4«Jonging to Mr. J. H. ^Hffl, bf Cobb &'; C&, swaB killed in Pirie-street ^through ' * cblfisifo Iwiiitt a' spiring-cart belonging to Mfc James Sm|tb, of Hindley-street. Mr. Hill Was coming up the street when the brute got in a direct 'line of the shafts of tiie cart,'7 and despite his best effprts to pull it aside; came full abreast on it, the shaft entering about 18 inches. Mr. Hill was thrown into the cart anaJescaped un- i injured. The lorse ran -into the Insurance Goinpany's yard arid dropped dead. ; The_ Mount Gamhwr Standard finds fault with the present system of supervising the drainage works in the South-East, and objects *o their being managed in Adelaide, Says our contemporary :-^' What is really required is local supervision by men of common sense, shrewdness, and practical ability— a Local Board, whose duty should be to see that no visionary schemes were entered upon, that the money granted for the works was properly ex pended, that the land was as speedily as pos? sible brought into a fit state for agricultural occupation, and that the whele scheme was pursued with a view to benefiting the district and -the colony. The annual' shooting for kingship and prizes «f the Adelaide German Bine Club took place on the shooting ground, at Hope 'Valley, en Tuesday, 19fch instant. The conditions and arrangements were as rsuaV Although the attendance: was. not so large as is .generally the case, the shooting was on the whole good. The principal prizes fell to Mr. A. Gerber, who also secured- the Mngship by making 115 points. The prizes were secured as under :— A. Gerber, first prize; J. W. Ehmcke. second prize; H. Idnde, third prize ; A. Waldt, fourth prize ; H. W. Ehmcke, fifth prize; -L. Mufax, sixth prize ; Bothe, seventh prize. A dinner, provided in first-olass style by Host Bothe was partaken of^ and this brought a very pleasant day's sport to a.close. -*Che kingship medal is a very.elegant and tastefully manufactured article. It is the worKof Mr. Eittig, of Gawler- place. Referring to the candidature of the Hon.. John' Oolton for. the district, of Stanley the Northern Argue remarks :—' The hon. gen tleman would doubtless have been returned for the district he had served for a period of seven years, had it not been for the part he took in the labor question. Although defeated in his own district, he, at the request of a number of the electors, consented to contest Stanley in opposition to Messrs. Bright and Kingston, and for that purpose thoroughly canvassed the dis trict, expounding his political sentiments in ' a manner that could not fail to give general satis faction had not the ghost of the twopenny land tax presented itself, in all its horrors, to the agricultural mind.' i On Tuesday evening, shortly after dark, the City of Dublin was towed into harbor, and on. Hearing the wharf after the tog left her she came into collision with the steamers Lubra and Goorong, lying at the Company's Waarf.: 'The Lubra had her figure-head, bowsprit, %nd head gear knocked away, and some of the rigging of the eodrohg was slightly damaged.' The City of Dublin had her forecastle-deck damaged, and the cathead carried away ; she also sus tained some damage to the bulwarks. After the Collision, the City was made fast 'to the buoy off Prince's Wharf. From enquiries on board, we understand no blame is attributed to the pilot- (Mr, S. -5termein). The Lubra has not sustained suulcient damage to prevent her proceeding to Wallaroo. The annual Rechabite festival of the Northern Star Tent was held in Mr. W. W. Leslie's schoolroom, Queenstown, on Good Fri day, April 15. Tea was on the table about 5 o'clock, when a great many sat down and en joyed themselves,. after which the public meet ing took place. P.D.C.E. J. T. Headdey in the chair. There was a laige attendance, the school room being crowded. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Headdey, Pepper, Long, Mudge, Short, and McKinlay on. the evils arising from taking intoxicating liquors. . There were als - several recitations -and dialogues given by Messrs. Dowsett, Sinclair, Saunders, Short, and Grandfield, and a very good recitation -y Miss Willis was; much admired, all the recitations -aui dialogues being loudly applauded. One ' or two temperance melodies sung by Mr. Johnson enlivened the proceedings. A vote of thanks was then accorded to the Mends who had come from Adelaide to take an active part in the proceed ings. A vote of thanks to the Chairman for the very able manner in which he fulfilled bis office brought the proceedings to a close a few minutes before 10 o'clock. ' : ' - The fittings of Ihe Circuit Court iiere Mount Gambier) lasted-' over two -dayp, 'the business being brought 'to a close on Thursday evening. Six criminal and one civil case .were disposed of. Thomas ©odd was acquitted on two separate charges of larceny. The case against Charles Brodie for cattle-stealing was abandoned, the prisoner having committed suicide. In. this case His Worship passed a severe censure on the committing Magistrates, as, judging from the depositions, there was no case against ^Brodie. ??. He was astonished that any Magistrates could have ac-ed as they iad done. Donald McPheraon was sent to gaol for 14^days for assaulting an officer -tf the peace. James CasBy, for criminally assaulting the wife of James McNicon, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment in the Stockade with hard Ltbor. The last case was one of pet jury against James Hellyer, of which he was acquitted. The civil case, Fox Vi Engelbrecbt, resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff. — Border Watch. Mr. Heller's fame as a conjurer of the very first class secured him a crowded house at White's Rooms on Monday evening. The hall wa%densely packed, and the interest of the en tertainment was sustained till the very last minute. Mr. Heller is a : man of versatile talent. He is a conjurer, a humorist, and a magnificent performer on the piano. Then his sister, Miss Haydee Heller's, clairvoyance is entirely -out of the run of ordinary conjuring tricks. - Mr. Heller -began his entertainment with a little pleasant chat about the tricks he was going to perform. This talk bristled over with the most atrocious puns, which by their very absurdity elicited shouts of laughter. With the exception of a chair ortwoand a couple of -tables, and one or two simple articles, he has no apparatus. He is dressed in ordinary -evening costume, and more iihan any man of his profession we ever saw, ex cept, perhaps, Frichell, he comes xip to the oriental idea of a conjurer. His tricks are really 'tricks of sleight-of-hand ; and about everything he attempts there is a neatness and a finish which show him to be' a master of his art. -His tricks too are new, startling, and, to the uninitiated, perfectly incomprehensible. No description can give anything approaching to an adequate idea of the delicacy of his manipulae tion. The first part of the entertainment, which consists of what Mr. Heller calls 'So- matic conjuring,' is quite wonderful, and alon is worth the charge for admission. Then his performances of the most intricate musical studies on Erard's grand piano are extraordinary efforts of brilliant and delicate manipulation. We remember nothing like it in this colony. The 'third part consisted of the clairvoyant per formances of Miss Heller, which must remains, mystery. The lady is blindfolded, and at once: names any article which is shown to her brother, giving the most minute description of its shape, size, color, and other qualities. A bank note was at once indicated with the num ber upon it, and a cheque with the amount for which it was drawn. In these cases anything like confederacy was out of the question. With her back to the audience and her face covered, Miss Helper named a variety of articles touched* by her brother as fast as he could touch them. The entertainment closed with a few simpler tricks. The performance as a whole is one of high merit, and needs only to bs seen_ to be thoroughly appreciated. It moves on without a break, sustaining the unflagging interest of the spectators till the close. There are no un comfortable pauses, wbich in other performances sometimes try the temper and patience of ftn audience j and the whole is over at a reasonable ,|V| ... tx //' Af,'j -, ,??] :y- : ; i I 'hour. Tt* is 'impossible to speak too highly of [the enterisfnment, which is elegant, novel, I JHarveJloos, -and, atfiusing, jancf well deserves to be^pafa-onisea. We predict for Mr. Heller and his^lev^r siBtera continuance of the interest which bis first .performance so largely excitecl. ' Speaking of thfe tpb common practice pi 'writing up or down' mining speculations, according to the fancies or interest of the writers, ,the Mining Journal -says :— ?* The 4-b- ject fo.r whitSb.' every newspaper r£ium&. is. com piled, or Article penned, should be the collection of facts antt 'the 'elucidatUm of truth; FactB are stubborn things, which can be readily sub stantiated, and truth,, though said to be at the bottom oT the well, is not unfrequently, in these .Says of- electric telegraphy, brought by some magnetic influence to the surf ace, and ex posed to public view. This is as it ought to be. The public mind should be, from various sources, so Veil Informed that no fictitious, garbled state ments, or -indefinite platitudes, which may ap pear in the pablic prints should carry with them the smallest weight. No 'writing up' or ' writ ing down-? according to the authors bias, should influence the public mind in forming their judg ment. The business of the newspaper is. to col lect and publish, theinqst reliable information, accompanied by' such deductions as are autho rised by facts, while that of the public is to test the validity, of the facts, and to form then* own opinion as to the soundness of. the deductions. All the articles in the woild would not * write up' the copper market at the present moment, While all the .-articles in the world would be equally unavailing io 'write down' tin.' A special general meeting o£ share holders in 'the New Cornwall Mining Company was held at White's Arbitration-room on Tues day afternotra, April 19, for the purpose of considering the advisability or otherwise of winding tip the Company. 'There was a. good attendance of- shareholders, 'and Mr. W. -?. Luxmoore occupied the chair. The Chairman read the advertisement convening and stating the object of the- meeting, and also a report which had been prepared by the Directors. The report advised that as the Directors found the returns of ore frtMaj the mine much less than was anticipated, -and as the calk we're very ,tar4uy responded; to, nrniing operations should be discontinued. : It pointed put that if the shareholders concurred in the stoppage of the mine it would be necessary to reconsider, what should be done with the property, and how to provide for the outstanding liabilities of about ' £3,000. - 'The report concluded as follows : — ' If the mine is held with a view of starting again at some future time, it will be necessary to agree to a call of say 4s. per share in addition to those already outstanding, the alternative being a winding-up, a liquidation,, and sale of the property, which might produce a small dividend, returnable on each share. Of the two alternatives the Directors consider; the wibding-up' to.be the wisest course.'1 The Ghairman if aid for the past few months the Directors had- had hard work to meet then* liabilities. They were now nearly £^C00 in debt to their bank, which Tiad allowed them to overdraw --n their account, and for which they were grateful. Overtures had been made to commence accounts at other basks, but with out success. .In answer to questions, the Chair man said against their liabilities were to be set off the arrears on calls and a call of 2s. 6J. due the next -lay. Sioth large and small share holders had' been backward in paying np the Balls. - Mr. ? S. Raphael proposed that the names of- both tiie- shareholders who had paid up and those who had not, should be read out for the edification of the meeting. This was seconded, carried, -and done. . After a deal of discussion on the subject of winding-up the mine, Mr. Hamilton moved, and Mr. Edwards seconded, '.That.it is desirable that the mine be closed, and that the Directors take the necessary, steps to wind-up the Company voluntarily.?' Mr. Box proposed as an amend ment, and Mr. Crawford seconled, ' That the mine be stopped, but held by the Company till there is an imporvement in the copper market.' The amendment was carried, anl Eive of the shareholders immediately demanded a, poll. After some remarks, the mover fand iieconder of the amendment agreed to withdraw Lt, and the original -motion was put and carried, ihe meeting- then closed. On Good ilriday the members of the Rising Star of Glehdore Tent, No. 13 of the Slb^t District of Eechabites, celebrated their iBidversary by a procession, dinner, and public meeting.. At noon the members assembled at the Glendore Primitive lie thodist Chapel, and marched to the Black Springs and back ; and at 3 o'clock the brethren, with about 100 friends, 3at down to au excel'ent dinner, in a long booth srected on the grounds adjoining the chapel. l?tie spread was in great abundance and of ex 3ellent quality, and the aiTanaements— carried out' under the supervision of the C.R. and Sec retary of the Tent, Messrs. T. Selby and P. rohl, and the gentlemen acting with them — jave_ every satisfaction. Dinner being over, various games' followed. In the evening a crowded meeting was held in the chapel, pre sided over by Mr. T. Selby, the C.B. of the Tent. Addresses were delivered by Mr. Thos. Hearne, the Rev. Mr. Nicholls, Messrs. W. Willis .(from Beverley), Earle, H. J. Pudney, D.C.B., and G. W. Cole, D.S. Several exc&l-; Lent 'melodies were sung during the evening, and at the close votes of thanks were given to the District Officers for their attendance, and fco the Chairman. The number of members on the books of the Tent was given as 32, and before the meeting closed 15 ladies gave in their aames for opening a female branch of the Order. The annual vestry meeting of St. Michael's Church, Mitcham, was held on the evening of Tuesday, April 19th. The Bev. Heory Bead, M.A., incumbent, was in the chair, and there were present Messrs. N. C Id ham and J. Carter ' (the retiring Wardens), Messrs. wThrupp, 'Price, Page, Easther,. W. Taylor, Calf, Webb, and Bragg. After prayer, the minutes of last meeting were read and con firmed. Mr. Oldham, clergyman's Warden, read the statement of accounts for past year, rhese; when audited,' were ordered to be printed, and showed an increase on previous years both in pew rents and offertories. It was also directod that the Churchwardens' address, with a slight alteration, be printed. During the past year a sum of £173 has been spent on repairs and improvements of the parsonage. Of this sum £123 has been already raised ; it was therefore proposed by -Mr. Price, and seconded by Mr. Tnnipp, that a further sum of £50 be raised to mfeet the deficiency. The proposal was carried unanimoUBly. Messrs. Oldham and ThfuppHvere appointed Synodsmen. The pre sent Wardens having signified their intention of declining office, the Incumbent nominated Mr. ' Thrupp as minister's Warden, and Mr. Cunningham was elected people's Watden. Messrs. Calf. Bartley, and Oldham were ap- ' pointed to act with the Churchwardens on the Election Committee, in case of the incumbency falling vacant. A special meeting was . called for, with due notice, to fill up vacancies among the Trustees of the church. An increase of salary was voted to the verger and pew-opener. After votes of thanks to the retiring Wardens, and also to the Chairman, the meeting closed with the Benediction. - . ! The Bev. Wm. Taylor preached in the Wesleyan Church, Pkie -street, on Sunday evening, April 17. The spacious edifice was urowded, there being not. less than 2,000 persons present. The subject of the rev. gentleman's sermon, which was very impressive, was — 'Behold now are we the sons of God,' John, iii, 2. Man, he said, was made for this relation, hence he- was endowed with powers suitable to that relationship, but the possession at powers essential to such a relationship in volved the possibility of abuse. By that abuse, through lust, sin entered the world, and death by sin and all their woes ; but*by a wonderful provision of mercy they might regain their for feited filial relation. They did not at once re sorer from all tbe consequences of sin ; they suffered -these while they lived. ' Now are we the sons of God.' Not they hoped they were — they trusted they were; but' the plain statement of fact — ' Now are we the sons of Grod.' That they might become sons was the free gift of God ; but they were free-will agents md could refuse the blessing. Had they any -bjection to become heirs, of God ? In other j words, had they any objection to make their fortunes at onco? They all could become heirs —-every sinner of them. The Scripture said there was but one way to regain the forfeited relationship, and that was by faith, for, said Sir. Paul, ' we conclude that man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.' On re ceiving Christ, which was. the act of faith by which a sinner- became a child of God, He as Judge acquitted him, and as the Father forgave ihim. This faith . was not of the sinner's will although not against it ; it was of the will of God. At the close of the service a prayer meet ing was held, to which & large number of per sons remained. The services in connection with the first anniversary of the Draper Memorial Church were commenced on Sunday, April 17, when three sermons were preached. In the morning the Rev. Wm. Taylor conducted worship in the church, taking as his text the words of thn apostle Paul — '*X therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye«re called*' — Ephesians, iv., 1. The discourse was interesting and in structive. The Eev. Mr. Taylor preached in the afternoon in the Town Hall, which was crowded, hundreds- having to stand, unable to Wvcu.ll. ODOtVD. J.UK7 vh*?*v w» «mj? 1V1UUAD nOO the verses — '.' The6e things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God. And this is the confidence that we have in Him, that if we ask anything according to His will He heareth us'— 1 John, v., 13 and 14\. The subject, he . remarked, of his dis course- ? was prayer. . Prayer _ meant de pendence and necessity on their part; it meant faith in Him who had promised to supply all their need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. ' Prayer implied contingency. If they asked anything according to His will it was a sure thing. They knew that He heareth them. The contingency or ground of doubt as to whether He would answer did' opt rest with God at all ; it rested with them. Prayer was a heaven-ordained means oi approaca to me -aj.uiigmy, wuo before they asked was acquainted with then* wants and had a supply which was like an in exhaustible river. The effect of prayer had more to do with them than with God. It brought them into a proper feeling to receive the divine blessing. It was the will of God that all should be saved for He willed not the. death of a sinner; but He would save none against themselves. The Almighty dealt with them as rational and intelligent beings. The conditions upon, which the sinner was pardoned were simple — in fact there was but a single condition, which was his having faith. Works went for nothing. On a sinner being pardoned he was justified, and justification meant merely acquittal — a judicial decision of acquittal What was the act of faith by which salvation was obtained ? He could give them a definition in two words — ?' receiving Christ.' God had given them eternal life, and that life was in His son. ' For as many as received Him to them gave He power to become the sons of God.' That was the way to get the blessing ; not on his showing, but on the show ing of God. The act of faith was just as simple as a patient receiving a physician and placing his case in his hands, having faith in his cre dentials. After receiving Christ, the Spirit bore witness with their spirits, that they were the children of God. Prayer for themselves meant not work, but submission; whilst, on the contrary, prayer for others meant work. It was that process by which they were brought into that relation in which they could be used as woncers togetner witntne noiy v*nost in bringing about the conversion of sinners. The evening service which was held in the Church, was conducted by the Rev. Thomas James, who preached an admirable sermon upon the words, 'He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life, and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God abide th on him.' — John iii., 36. The con gregations at the Church were large, and a collection was made at the close of each ser vice. The services attendant upon the anni versary of the Draper Memorial Church were continued on Wednesday evening, April 20, when tea and public meetings were held; the former in the Lecture Hall, Pirie- street, and the latter in the church adjoining. Both were well attended, especially the public meeting, at which the Bev. Wm. L. Binks {Chairman of the District) presided. Amongst the gentlemen occupying seats on the platform were the Revs. Wm. Taylor and Thos. James, and the Hon. J. Colton (Commissioner of Public Works). The proceedings havicg been commenced by singing and prayer, offered by the Rev. Mr. Taylor, the Chairman made seme prefatory re marks. After expressing gratification at seeing such a large attendance, he observed that they all knew why the Draper Memorial Church was built. Whilst it was erected to commemorate the, memory of a highly respected minister, there was a higher object-— to meet the spiritual wants of the persons residing in the part of the city in which the church was situated. They had at present a large, an interesting, and at tentive congregation statedly worshipping there — a congregation of 300 adults. No doubt a number of persons who formerly worshipped in the Pirie-street Church now attended the Draper Memorial Church. Not only was there a considerable congregation there, but there was also a Society of about 1.40 individuals regularly meeting in. class, which was a large number — such as ought to exert a wide-spread in fluence for good. Very much would depend upon the zeal and devotion of the members and office-bearers, as to whether the erection of the church would be a success. He was glad to notice that visitors to the church were spoken to by the members, and an interest mani fested in them, because in this way a greit point was gained. Be hoped this feature would mark the conduct of the members aud office bearers in the future. The erection of the church had thrown a heavy burden upon certain individuals who were responsible. He was very much afraid that some of a their friends thought it was a burden almost intolerable to be borne, and he was afraid that some of their Pirie-street friends were looking on the wrong side. They feltf that there was a large gap in their congregation, which was quite true. He trusted . the meeting would be crowned with this success— that it would inspire confidence. He supposed the colony was not going to be insolvent— Ade- laide was not going to be emptied of its. in habitants ; he hoped better things for Adelaide. (Applause.) He was satisfied that if their people acted as Chritians should do, the debt upon the Draper Memorial Church would gradually disappear. There was a time when there was a debt of £6.000 upon the Pirie street .Church, which had. come down now to £1,000 or £1,200. He trusted they would take a proper view of the Draper Memorial Church, remembering that it was acotmectionalOaurch, and that all their friends would endeavor to do a little toward the liquidation of the debt, which amounted to about £2,400. He would say that they were glad to see the Rev. Mr. Taylor amongst them, and they sincerely hoped his visit would prove a blessing to the Church in the colony. (Applause.) He .was sure he only expressed the senti ment of all present when he gave the Rev. Mr. James a. hearty welcome, (applause.) He had no doubt that he would have their co operation in the work of the Lord to which he had devoted himself. (Applause.) Mr. F. Richards (Treasurer) read the financial state ment, from which it appeared that the receipts and the expenditure of the past year left a balance of £44 4s. 4d- due to the Treasurer. The exact amount of the debt on the Church was £2,430. The Rev. Thos. James th-m ad dressed the meeting, malting an excellent speech, in which he expressed his appreciation of the cordial welcome he had received. The Bev. Win. Taylor followed with an extremely interesting address. In speaking of Methodism — what it had accomplished and what it was destined to do— he mentioned that the American Episcopalian Methodist Church had 2,560,000 members with 9.000,000 attendants, and a ministry of 15,000 persons. The Hon. John Colton was the next speaker. The erection of the Draper Memorial Church, he said, was an undertaking [ that commended itself to him, and one that he had always taken a lively interest in. When the idea of erecting it was first mooted he be lieved it to be right, and now, after it had been opened 12 months, he still believed it to be right, notwithstanding that it had been some what a drain upon the Pirie-street Church ; for he was confident they should have that Church again well filled, and that the congregation at the Draper Memorial Ghuch would not only continue as large as at present, . but would in crease in size. It was his firm opinion that it would soon be necessary for them' to further extend their borders in Adelaide. (Applause.) TTft was no croaker, but believed that the Pirie-street Church would have more pros perity than they had ever had if they were faithful to God and to themselves. (Applause. ] Although the debt on the Draper Memorial Church was considerable, he did not at all despair. It was a beautiful edifice, and the undertaking must commend itself to all, especially to every Methodist. (Applause.) Mr. Nicholls proposed, and Mr. J. Broad seconded, a vote of thanks to the Revs. Messrs. Taylor and James, for .their very valuable ser vices. The proposition was carried by accla mation. Mr. J. D. TTill moved a similar vote to the ladies, for providing the tea, and to the choir, who during the evening had very creditably sung several anthems, Mr. W. Broadbent presiding Sb the organ. Mr. James amid applause. On the motion of Mr. J. Dungey, the usual compliment was accorded the Chair man, after which the proceedings were brought to a close by the doxology being sung and the benediction pronounced. The proceeds of the whole of the services, including promises, amounted to £130, which is just sufficient to pay the interest for a year on the borrowed money. The following is the register of the rainfall between 9 a.m. on Wednesday and the same hour on Thursday morning, April 21 :— Adelaide ... 0 075 Strathalbyn ... 0 045 Gawler ... 0-U0 Willunga ... 0'145 Tannnda ... 0'130 Normanvffle ... 0180 Blanchetown ... 0*260 Port Elliot ... 0108 Kapunda ... 0130 Goolwa ... 0'040 Auburn ... 0180 McGrath's Flat 0-200 Wallaroo ... 0'250 Robe Town ... 0*600 Moonta ... 0*050 Mount Gambier 0*810 Clare ... ... 0*310 Penola... ... 0*960 Burra ? 0 058 Narracoorte ... 0'EOO Melrose ... 0*540 CapeOtway ... 0*360 Port Augusta... 0 380 Melbourne ... 0110 Mount Barker.. 0100 j Wentworth ... 0*777 The usual Easter meeting of St. Mar garet's Church, Woodvillle, was held on Tues day evening, 19th inst. Mr. A. Hall, in the chair. The accounts of the previous year were passed, and ordered to be printed. Messrs. W. R. Cave, J. Formby, G. W. Sillifant, H. C. E. tfuecke,-G. De Mole, Geo. foung, and A P. Hall were elected vestrymen for the ensuing year. In consequence of the unavoidable ab sence of the Rev. H. M. Pollitt, pastor, the meeting was adjourned for the purpose of elect ing synodsmen. On Sunday last two very successful services were held in All Saints Church, Hind marsh, the Bev. W, W. Ewbank officiating in the morning, and the Bev. H. 'E Pollitt in the evening. A collection was made on each occasion in aid of the cost of the new organ, which was built by and purchased of Mr. J. W. Wolff, of Adelaide. The choral and musical portions of the services reflected very great credit on Mr. F. F. Unwin, organist and leader of the choir. The beautiful solo ' But Thou did'st not leave,' was magnificently rendered by Miss Winter, to whom, with the leader and several members of the church, too much praise cannot be given for their having secured such a splendid-toned and highly finished in strument. n 