??;,'. ARRIVA.L ' ? ? ? ? C'P THE ENGLISH MAIL, From thb'4 Home NoW and bther journals we collate English and foreign intelligence to the 31st December : — One of 'the 'Christmas proceedings too'k ah unusual and a ploasant shape. There is not a sadder sight in Christendbm thkn -thb gates leading to tne casual wards bt tho mblropxm-. tan workhouses on a winter's night. Every, concbivable form of poverty-stricken 'misery brbubhes rottnd the dark looking porches. Asa rule, tho applicants for admission look as tliough they wero committing a craelty upbri themBblvfes by attbmpting tb prolong their Bufferings by dbo'kihg shoUer. 'On suinmer ovonings a hbrrid mockery of mbrrt inont and ribald fun is indulged in by the waiting castmls, but in winter, God hblp'-them'! all thoir wickedness sqoms frozen up within them, and thqy crbop and crouch behind gables and under walls, waiting for the doors to open, with a quiet patience 'that would be danger ous tvero they not so vvoak and wicked. The casualties of thb month — they 'have been unusually li^ht — may be said to have 'culmin'atod at Christmas. A few days a'fbbr thb holidays commenced, a man who felt'him sblf, aggrieved because the wifo :of another man.'refusod to cbntiiiup to jive with hirii, went dbWn to 'the plbasant village. of Ewell andiblew.up tho wonjan arid a portion of the house ? ia ,whibh, she resided with blasting, powder.;, „ The^esuic.eoarce.ly answered, his cxpectatioris..; 'Ho 'himso'lf Was'tiloV&to; dbivth at; once ; a man ito.whotn ;'thfe house belonged was -.. so ,. Beriously injured 'that his life :is despaired . of ; whilst thb woman on whoso account he., committed thb 'crithb escaped almbst unhurt. On Chrisfcinas-b'vo, a decent pbqr girl, who had beon ovorjoybd 'all day at having her brother, a soldier, 'spending Ghristmas' with her,- suddenly lost her reason, and throw herself into a small stream on tho bahks'bf which she was walking with hor. brother. Sho was drowned. Boxing night at Bristol witnessed a very sorry accident. Some two Chous'and people had assembled round ihb floors o'f the'tbeatre. Whbn the doors were opened 'ia crush 'took placo, and eighteon people were Iratripled'to death. Tbe house was filled, however, arid 'the pantomime played out. Tlio 'fear of crea'ting a panib within the wafts ~by announcing 'thb calatnity without is givon as a reasbn 'for 'tliis part of the performance. ,. . , . , ;-r Quite as terrible, arid,alniost as aisastrptis an accident occurred 'in Xiondori on dhristma's night. By :ari ? uriexplairied a'cbideiit, ' th'e'hbuse in which a policeman, 'together With his wffe and' family— one member pf the latter. being a wee baby just- Week old— ^cdli^lit'fii'o, and flia'Vrihf.h'nj'-h'nrl five children Vver- ii'hnrrlfid f,rt djath^ Oii Wedaes-lay night a ballet dancer, engaged 'at tbb'Gioydoh -Theatre was sb 'burnt in' the 'spbiitaclo attending the trans-' ibrmiitiBn sberie, that there ia;little hope b'f hor'life being saved.' Frbderick 'Hihsbri, wlib, it Will bb remotriberedi tbbksb summary a revehge upb'h 'tho womab with whom he cohabited arid her paramour, 'was 'hatiged ift Newgatb bn 'the '6th December. When''wb have referred to the, death bf. 'the Wblsh, fasting girl, whb;in 'the end 'was iso- we'll' attended that she' starved to death; the' rribi^e sdrisatibrial of tlie dbmoitic o'cclirreiibes bf 'the' month will have'been -e1xliauste3. Tliis'pdbr little girl had almost Voarned ' tb iive hpon nothing; The dbc'tbrs'dbtdrmirtedtb' Satisfy themselveBa8''tb tKepossibiliey oflfer dbing without food altogether. In order 'to 'accom- plish this, they Surrounded her with 'trained hbrses from one of the London hbsriitals. The anty of these/nurses was 'to sep that 'nb 'food w'as secretly given :tb the child.' (Sb well'Sifl tliay 'perform th'e t'ask^bt- them!that, at fthe' end' of 'a 'week's .abstinence 'frbiri-fobd, 'the child went 'irfad ?arid' died; An !ihquest 'ha's bben held on her bbdy,' ahd: a verdict of '^Marislaughtor' returned againtft' her father; Some people think' that 'the doctbrawere not altogether blameless 'ib 'the 'matter.; .'St. H. Horhe, 'better lchowh: bf late^ye'arB 'ift: Aub trali'a than hbrb, sbems to be bf'thia. bpitfibn, .and' in a letter tb' the 'Daily NeWs,' he says that 'other persons can hardly fail 'to bb im plicated ih.thb melancholy and misguided transaction.' ' . ' . . . ,? ?? *? Inlreland tliifags are neither : better h6r worse than for some 'time past The celebra^ tiori 'of the bneriiriir of tlie crates of Derry passed ? t off witlv unusual quietude, 'chiefly becaiWbbth partieB were allowed tb do pretty much a% thoy pleaffed. This nbvel pbrnflon of dflaiVa' appears to have reminded them', apparently, '?'of 'the Kilkenny cats, arid 'they refrnined from attacking each other in con sequence. The'fact that the military was ready in sufficient strength to overpower any dis turbance '?that might occur, , was probably 'not :withont its. influence, ib lias becbtne aquestidn with 'thinking people whether very much o'f. the annoyance constantly _ caused by, Irish affairs toay not, to some estetit.'bo owing tb tho diss'emination of treasonable, and disre press in Ireland has degenerated into shee'r obscenity, and the thoughtless readers mUst imbibe somo -of their wickedness. In the meciritimo, so far as the 'English Government is concerned, the plans for t e further doing of justicojn Ireland, are ¥eady..to bo laid before- Parliament. , Outrages still ( continue in Ireland, as they do elsewhbre, but in Ire laud, thoy ,'hre. scarcely up to the average. Rumours ojf risings are common 'enough, and now and tnon a robbory of arms would seem to justify, the suggestion.. It is more than probable,.' however, that many of these out rages and robberies are totally disconnected with politics or political parties. The Rrv. j. Rvari, of Ca'shel, w'ho at ah olectibh meet ing for tho county , of Tipperaiiy, intimated the desirability of discontented tenants keop ing,.their own counsel, and thqir'po\yder dry, until .an opportunity offei'od for '''tumbling their landlords,' has been unpleasantly re minded of bis responsibility by Having a hotice of prosecntjo'n served upon him. One most pleasing feature s't and s but from ,the general 'character of the 'flews from Ire land, 'the O'Donog'hue ^liis written a most 'wise and temperate Tetter on the condition of ireland., The people received it with great ?satisfaction, and 'the national journals, being unable to controvert its teachings and warri jings, 'content themselves with referring to 'th'e 'Chieftain of the Hills as Mister O'Dono'gn'ue. .'This.is looked upon by.ihe.fcroaBOii/^riterfl'as W-v^ry. cruelvrfiiaark^ ?Tho trlivl of Iho Ovorend and Gurnoy Directors rPBiiltod.on Dnoembor 22, in a voidiot of 'Not Guilty. Tho European Mail 9ays : —It is diiBoult to describe the scuno which onsued vhon tho verdict was pronounced. Immediately the moBt onthusifistic cheers Burst from the crowded oudl nnce, whioh it wns in vnin nndcnvournd to provcnt,- In vain tho Lord Chief juntico held up his hand, * nnd tho officers of tho Court shouted for silence. The cheers drowtiod'ull other noumlH, nnd liccamo ouch mnmont loti'ler nnd lnndor, nntil thoy be came nlmost deafening in eiluct. Poal nftdr poal of rlirers minrprdprl, and tho whole scono wob onfc * of tho wildest oxcitemeiit. tho chflers wero caught tip by tho vnst crowd without, waiting for the verdict, nnd 'tho echoes of their'cheoCs seemed, to arouse 'fresh onthiisinsm in this rttiHienco, anb! they broko into chotrB louder than beforo. Moan- -. whflo 'tho Bceric in oonrt w«r mnut imprcBBivo. Tho rfh'oct of tho verdict upon the defendants and * their'friends waK almost clnctricai. Somo stnrtpd to tllcir feet nnd Khvx'ik each othrr'a hinds warmly, and | trttet-itd exclamations n'f joy nnd delight, which, howe'vor, worn'iniindib'lu iunid the thunder of thoBO 'frnntic chdorfl winch drowned all othor ? . sounds. Somo soomed ovorwhelmud with cmo tioh, a^ifl moro than otio biirat into tonrs. Tho londjnjj. counsel present, tho Solioitor-Geriornl and Sir j. Knrslaks, hnd'therr lmnds apiz^d nnd warmly pressed by their grateful clinn'ts, nnd nil this boinft observed 'by 'tlco vast crowd — nil upstanding and cheerinfe— only luldpfl to t.hn excitement, and elicited still loudrir burst*) of chuuring. At last the 'violen't 'bxcittftriRKt Ho far 'calmed down that fho cheers cunscd, only to bo ronotved outside-, hoivdvflr, whon the dofendarrtH npportred:; nnd they t-lidn rncehrod nn ovntion stringcly confrasting with the IioWIb of exodr.ition wliich were hoard at Guildhall when, amid mwoh popnlar excitomorit, thdy Wee corhmiUed. ljy degreeHtho derendant8 and '{heir friendB retired, and wero recofvod'oat side with th'e most hearty nhoers, which nccom paniod'tliom us long as they wore 'recognised. So ended 'this memorable oaBO. ? A cbriteinpornry, commontin^ ripon tho Cdh- ? 'duct of the dpfendants, enys : — 'Tho Verdict has been giyon, and it in'tho right verdict. But whilo tho piiHli'o 'is bonnd to be just to these 'unhappy . . ?? gentlemen, It cannot nfford to bo generous. They ??;;? ' sinned grievously in not -phtitog thcpublio ioto ,.-... ne good n'ponitiori n«lhBmBtflves for fudging as to ... the expediency of Joining or refufiing to join their .'.... company. If their r(-'U6enco hna ruined their , , . for'tunea nnd'peaco lit mfnd, it must riot be 'for- , ; gotten 'that it htiB broken up nnd Wrockcd many , households boaidoH. 'When all is aald, It can hardly lie disputed flia't they, in their character of ., , ?. irectorH-^-thnt is, trnsteos for their shareholders— engaged the public -to buy a'n tnsolvent busincB'a ' under the dolusibn that, apart 'from any question, of guarantees in the s'lWpo of privnte estates, It ' . wasRtiH solireht. ^e cfjnsiflrfr 'condlict like fh'ia - . highly censurible, and any indulgence towards it to be 'Opposed to ptibHc 'policy. To hail with .'????- .enthusiasm tin ncqnitt-a'I which fa no acquittal from this charge is n's'Tepulsivo to o'iir 'feelings of what 'is bpebmin|j as 'to :havo triumphed in tbo defendants' cornmittal last winter. 'Of the burrits of applause which a're ropoHed to hnve welcomoa an /tit 'n'lron f nta *4 It Jnv '^K« 'nrttt a tt rrnnnn] nrtn nnJ W((\J14 ' blOU«| 1*U I II I II n VIIV U1«U OO OUIIDCICDO Illlti immoral ns'the other was savage and heartless.' .The (Flcuinenical Council was formally opened on December %, (By. daybreak, notwiths'tandirisj the wentli'er 'being rainy, the 'inner Atrium and Grnhrl ^Tiive of the Vatican Bnsilicn, the route o'f the procession, were thronged by nn immense coir-. conrpe of 'spectators. At 9 o'clock, amid the 'ring- : ing of the bells of nil the ecclesiastical edifices in Rome nnd salvoes of artillfiry from the Castle of . Angelo, and Mount Aventinn, the procession. fornied'in'tho'uppor Artiiim of'Vatichn, descendacl the 'Scalji Ruegih, hnd 'pKssed throngh the lower Atrim ..itfto 'th'e 'cntbodral. 'Regulur and neculiir ?' clergy were ranged on'eitharsiilfi, and the procoa- ?. Hion' consisted of bVx hrc(hhiRhpp-f.ir!noes, 49 car dinajs/ll pntriarpbs, GBGnrchbis'ho'jJs and bishop's, , 28 abbots,: nnd 29 genern'ls of roliRious orders. In nil, about 800 ecclPsiasfic|B preceded the Pope, whb 'wiiB 'crirriod iu'to 'the cnthedrnl'ih tho gesta toriiil dhair. ;iHis HdltheSs firs't knelt some time) ' beWfe theondrarniint, nrJdthe assembly then took their 'p'laceB , 'in the 'Council-hull in seven rows. After, tn.a'89 -had beon ,'c^arfted % the Cardinal '. Patrizi, tlio Afcliliishop of iconium p'ronounced thai inftugiiral discdvjrBe. The tdpe, who appeared to be in '{heen'joy'ment '6'f e'xcellent health, 'then, gave His 'beriedlcti0n,_th1)'cerBmony being carried on In'e'xnct dccdr'lifnnft with tlio sin to programme. After -giving, the. benedretion the ;Popn rficeived thi- , homage of: the 'tnembers ;'6f 'tlie council. Thai ? hppdiri.tedjprnyers followed, hT]d the Pope threo times invoked the ,nid of tho Holy 'Ghost for'tha Council, a'hymh tb tlie Holy 'Cttio'sttioingsuhg by '., tho.choristbi's. / The p'relates dpproved the doo'fao opediiij; ? tlie 'iounoil, and tho Te Deuin followedk ^ the certrtibriyterminating rtt half-past 2 o'olock ia :? the afternoon. ,'Iii the fitting (i! tlie Council on December'9. the Popp'read to -the members assem-. . bled a 'short homily, in which 'he shid that it hnd gi'vtih ,'hirh 'great pleasure to 'iriAugura'te ihV Cpiincil on 'tlie, a'ppolu'ted da'y, ''and \o seethe bishops 'assembler! tit tlbmo ih greater numbers -hnn «vei\ ,1'hey hail corrto to 'touch htl men 'the ; Voice of GoH, nnd to'judge with 'the 'Pope, 'unddr tlie tiuspice'B 'of t)ie Holy Spirit, on the errors of huthttu scrance. Never whs ^t 'toore . necessary - thlfb 'ih the 'present day, 'since conspiracy &nd; inipiefy wero widespread and stro'ngrj' organised, and, hide themselves under'tiib'mnsk of aspirations for liberty. There Wa'a rio'cause fdr alarfn. The Churtih was ?fitronge'r than ?herfve'h itBolf, nnd now was the thne to 'co'h'siiter what 'remedies wore . effio&'ciotf8 ngiffhst'the'proRenfc eVils. Thu bishops ' should 'Btrive with 'Kim 'to secure peacefnlness in ^ the monas'te'rieB, order in Cliiircb, and (lisdpliiio nmong'thn clerg'y.; Inciinortision, ho invoke1!! the . . Hoty Spirit, the Vfrg'ih nnd the holy angels. Thb' fathers df the Council held their first general con'i ?' gregntidn in St. 'PeterJs the satneday. Tho death 'is announced of Ca'r'linnl Ptinin.. The Popo recei- . ved 600 French ?suhjecis at the Vatican;. , Thb ALiiiiaeb ChXrob Aoai'ns't llh. ft. 0 : Siirrfa. — The 'charge ngnins't, Mr.;, R. '0. Smith . „ J.P., of co'mm'iUi'ris a rn'pa n'pnn a girl thJrteeri ;?*? yonrB'bfhge, named Cathe'Mne Ken nn, whom ho : ?'. ?^'.' had hfred oik of the Pnndhnrst 1 ndustrinl ; 'School ' ns a ^ervarit last month, was Investigated'at the Police Court on Tuesday. A'« the defendant wns well k'nown from his'baing n'jnstioe of tlio peace and chuirman of the Mining Board, .the charge 'preferred agams't him hKd caused cojuiiilerabie oxcfltem'erit in town, ntjd the conscqnenco was that thecourt whs crowded, dnring the bearing of the case. The complainant, a 'thin, childish-looking girl, v^fthT no preteifaibns to beauty, gave hor evU UKiicc wuii rriiMiruttuiu uiuiii iiuaD ttuii uuimmbuuuy, calling forth a comment from tho Polico Magistrate to that tffftict. Mr. Maftley Tnnde.'an' able speech, for the defence, strongly dwelling on tho point that tho child was n consenting party, nt the sntno time 'asking tbo bench to discard that idea from their minds, nnn was applauded at its ?conclusion, but'tlio applnuse was quickly suppressed. Thb Ben&h; re'tivdd for 'ten m'iriutc'B to coBfaider their verdict, d'nd on returning, the Police Magistrate^ i'n tile dourse of ht3 remarks, while giving th6 dKctsion, said lro was uurprised to see n man liko Mr, Smith put himself in tho child's powor, but as . thore was a doubt us to hi.i guilt, they would give him the benefit of the -doubt, tie wns 'thereupon clischarged. The dbciBion npp'oared to cause some surprise 't0 'tho large nudience in tbo court. Tho case lasted 'fro'm eleven until live o'c\oe\t.*-Bett-ligO Advertiser. JUd Nkwb &on; UnMarriud Ladies.— Among . ' the 'now inventious is n button which n fnstened to clo'di without thrend. it consiflUi sdely of a bu'ttmi with a wire, to be irm-rteil into tbe cloth liUo n cqrkscrow and then passed (lortn flat, ho 11 h to form a ting to hold tho hutton.td its place* Aathia inventiun will ennblu uteri to keep tha buttons on their. ahirtp, it is calculated to do away with wivcs'ttHo^uthet. 4 .... :,',;:: .. ; , 