Miscellaneous. Dr. Foyer's latest experiments with snake poison have led him to very different conclusions to those arrived at by Professor Halford. The Calcutta Englishman says—« Dr. Frayrer's latest experiments on the influence of snake poison were, on the last occasion reported, directed towards a comparison of the effect of the daboia and cobra poison on the blood. In carrying out these experiments he secured the assistance of Dr. D. D. Cunningham, who is on special duty, investing the subject of cholera, and who has a microscope with high powers. The result clearly proves, says the Doctor, that, after death from the viper's poison, however quickly it may be caused, the blood remains permanently fluid, whereas the cobra poison does not destroy its coagulability. Dr. Frayrer beiieves the change in the blood to be affected through the nerve centres affecting the vitality of the blood, not by a direct chemical action. It is noteworthy that even under a power of nearly 1,100 diajieters there were no bodies in the blood examined corresponding with Dr. Hilford'.? ceils. Further experiments have been made of external exhibitions of cobra poison, which prove that the poison is not only absorbed through the conjunctiva, but that it is a local irritant. The conclusion is that the poison is capable of endosmosis, and the notion that the poison is not operative unless introduced directly into the blood is not tenable." The Edenhope correspondent of the Hamilton spectator say:—A young lady named Ellen- Moire was brought before the bench on Thursday last charged with being illegally on the premises of a gentleman some thirty miles from here. It appears that having conceived a violent affection for a young gentleman of the fam ily, she had travelled from Adelaide, a great part of the way on foot, but only to find that her amour was not reciprocated Refusing to leave the premises, she was charged with trespass. The worthy magistrate sitting 'oil the case no doubt thought it a pity to send her to jail under the circumstances, discharged her with good advice, impressing upon her the necessity of seeking a situation, and having ascertained that she had but little money, paid her fare to Hamilton, to enable her. to look for service. Perhaps, poor thing, she is not to blame altogether." We are glad to notice by the mail news that, Mr. C. A. Saint, of the « China Mail,' has been allowed his costs incurred in defending himself against the prosecutions for slander by the King of Portugal and Senor Horta. Here is a 'specimen of the news that appears in the press telegrams from the other colonies— 4< Sydney, January 18 th. A large number of people were out of doors last night until after midnight, watching the total eclipse of the moon." Telegraph agents must be in great straits for news when they transmit such rubbish by the wires. A would- be selector of land under the new regulations who lately arrived from Adelaide for that purpose, has been fleeced of all his money in some disreputable house, and will have to return whence he came without accomplishing his purpose. It appears that a man named Moses Frith came from Adelaide last week, bringing with him 100 sovereigns, which he carried about in a canvas bag. Instead of lodging the money in safety he went on the spree, visiting numerous houses in the region of Stephen and Russell streets, and at length on Tuesday last he discovered that he had lost both his money and the bag in which it was contained. As he is unable to give any lucid explanation of what places he has visited, it is doubtful whether he will ever recover any of his money, although the police are making active inquiries into the matter. The works at the Victorian Mint, on the site of the old Exhibition Building, are progressing rapidly. The most forward portion is the high brick wall which is to enclose the premises. The foundations are also being excavated, and a number of masons are at work in shaping the stones for the basement. The ' China Mail' gives a letter from a Foo-Choo correspondent, who furnishes a horrible narrative about a Chinese leper, who having become a proselyte to the Christian faith, dared not go into the place set apart for the leprous, but remained with his friends at the risk of their being heavily fined. As he gradually got worse their liabilities increased, as should he die on their hands, and it be discovered that he died from leprosy, their mulct would he still heavier, and they persuaded the wretched creature to get into a coffin ! But it was two days before his wife could be brought to be a party to nailing him up—at last the fatal nails were driven, and the narrator says " for about two hours he made a noise in his coffin, and then all was quiet." It is often the fate of great speculators to die poor : —The ' Wall-street Journal' (New York) says that Mr. Drake, who put down the first petroleum oil well in America, and who at one time was worth ^£200,000, has died in the poor house. The first derrick and engine stand over the well are carefully preserved. A monument is to be erected to his memory, which will contain a room, inside which the engine is to be placed. A large nugget has been found at Blink Bonny Creek, Gripps Land. It weighs 43ozs. 3dwts. It is about 8 in. in length and has been purchased by the Bank of Victoria for its full weight. A correspondent at Colac supplies us the following information about Mr Rutherford, the candidate for West Geelong: " During his recent visit to the north of Scotland, he strenuously advocated Liberalism where it was anything but popular to do so. There he lifted up his voice, with no doubtful tone, against the iniquitous system of oppression known there as Highland evictions. He at once identified himselt with the popular cause, and with all his soul fought against the oppressor, to his much personal inconvenience. His position was no sinecure, but supported by the Northern Ensign and other journals, he effected a happy change. The. 4 New York Times' states—"It was one of the peculiarities of Mr. Peabody that he would never have a house of his own. He cared little for himself in all things ; it was his habit for instance, to dine off a mutton chop at the grand dinners he used to give, where every luxury was Bpread upon the table He had a room in the house of his old friend, Sir Curtis M. Lampston, in Eaton- square, and it was there that he died. He used to live there in the most quiet and retired manner, and his name did not appear in any directory or 1 Court Guide.' He has suffered much during: the last four years, and could very seldom be induced to call in a doctor; when he did he neither obeyed the doctor's orders nor took his medicine. As one of his physicians complained a short time ago, Mr. Peabody was a ' most unsatisfactory' patient. He hated to be asked after his health, or to have any.fuss made over him. It is a matter of little moment what particular form of Christianity Mr. Peabody professed, but it has been a good deal debated nevertheless, and to settle the question, Mr. Charles Reed, the member for Hackney, one of Mr. Peabody's executors, has written a letter to an Independent minister, in which he says :—' Take my word for it, our late departed was a Congregationalist of our own order. I closed his eyes in death.' An Irish orator speaking of an opponent's love of praise, described him as so vain in that respect " that he would be content to give up the ghost if it were but possible to look up and read the stone cutter's puff on his grave." The annual meeting of the Geelong end Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held on Tuesday at the society's rooms, Mooraboolstreet, Mr. Middlemiss in the chair. The re was a good attendance of members. The report shewed the funds of the society to be in a satisfactory state. Some new members of committee were eltcted. The autumn grain show was fixed for the lltli March, the prizes to be larger than in former years. The Herald is informed that an amicable arrangement has been entered into between the Bishop and Mr. Hayward by which any unseemly quarrel will be prevented. The iiishop will shortly, it is said, declare Kew to be a parish, and Mr. Hayward can then no longer hold the incumbency. As to whether the Bishop will consent hereafter to confer priest's orders on Mr. Hayward or give him an incumbency elsewhere in Victoria, nothing has been definitely settled. There was great escitement at Camperdown on Tuesday in reference to applications for land, and people were pegging out the farmers' commons. Nearly 2000 acres are pegged out, including the Camperdown common and racecourse. There were over 80 applicants, but in the absence of proper lorins and new regulations, great dissatisfaction and uncertainty prevails. A most determined suicide was committed on Tuesday in the Yarra, a few hundred yards above Prince's Bridge. About five o'clock a man was seen to jump into the water, and although the alarm was at once given and a boat proceeded to the spot, the body was not recovered until life was extinct. Shortly after the alarm was given, Mr. Edwards proceeded to the place with the drags, but it was not until he had used them for about two hours that he succeeded in recovering the body, which wa^ then removed to the morque, where it now lies awaiting identification and an inquest. A laughable story is going the rounds, of the way in which a constable at the Werribee was outwitted by his prisoners. It appears that last week a robbery was committed at a hut near the Werribee, and information being given to the police, a constable was sent in search of the offenders, and, after some difficulty, he succeeded in arresting two men and two women for the offence. The prisoners gave the names of Thos. Williams, George Rowe, Emily Lewis, and Annie Lewis, and are well known to the police having only recently bean dischargod from Pentridge. As it was near nightfall when tne constable arrested his prisoners, he had not time to take them to the nearest lock-up, and accordingly he went to the station on which he had arrested them, and was provided with quarters in the stable. Having locked the two women in ttie harness room, he handcuffed his male prisoners together, and placed them on two chairs for the night, taking his seat opposite them so as to prevent their escape. After dozing through the night, the constable was awoke about daylight by the women creating a disturbance in the harness room and upon proceeding there he found them quarrelling. Having entered the room to pacify them he was suddenly astonished by finding tho door fastened behind him the two men having managed to slip their handcuffs off during the night and watching their opportunity, had shut the constable in. The front door being fastened they very soon forced it open, but about the same time the policeman managed, to make his exit and quickly gave chase. The two men ran in different directions so that it was impossible for him to arrest both though he managed to re-arrest Williams. Rowe is still at liberty, having evaded all pursuit, notwithstanding that some six or seven constables have 6coured the adjacent country in all directions. The Voyager's cargo of flour has been sold at .£11 10s, and the purchasers intend to store it ; 50 tons of California flour have also heen sold at £11 15d, and sales of Colifornian wheat at 5s 7d, and Adelaide at 6s have been effect* d. An exodus of miners from Spring Creek to ihe Weddin rush, N. S. W., commenced on the first inst. On Wednesday the weather was extremely oppressive, the glass in the shade registering 105 cleg, and in the sun 139 deg. There have been two days during the summer when the glass ranged higher, but the heat on Wednesday was more oppressive than on any previous occasion. Mr. Punch knows a young man who is so lazy that he will not even labour under an impression, j 