Notes of A'assins Events. (By Sorutinber) Tho amalgamation of the two agricultural sooiotios in thia district would, in my humble opinion, nnd that of many others, bo a most dosirable mattor, aBd one which all wellwishers of Illawarra Bbould seok to accomplish. Tho fnot of two such sociotios exist ing in tho district is as absurd as it is objectionable. One Agricultural Society if properly aupportod and managed might be a ci udit and a bonefit to Illawarra, but tho effect and onoration— orrathor inoporation of tho two Societiea which oxiat horo in namo only for yoara paat is a roproaeh to tho district. Tho groat Exhibition which is now being hold in Sydney will give a ronewed impulse to all agricultural sociotie3 throughout the oolony, tliorcforo now is tho time to think seriously of having one good Society or Exhi bition in this district. Even with tho present two Sociotios amalgamated it would require much more support than has hitherto boen extended to^botb, and more enorgy than baa boen displayed in their manage ment to make one local Agricultural Socioty what it ought, might, and shonld be. A groat responsibility in this matter rests upon the shoulders of tho people of Dapto ; thoy havo bean tho secessionists from the old Socioty, and the foundors of the second one. And I would aak, in all good feeling, what benefit or advantage to the district has tho establishment of the new Society beon ? If it was intended to be an improvement on the old Society in any reBpect tbat intention has by no means been realised. ^ The Dapto Society lias boon as inoperative as inactivo. and as insolvent during its existence as the old Agrionltural Society ever waa. Tho same exhibits havo boen brought into competition at the show of eaoh Society, tho greatest matter of interest on tho aocond occasion being-whon in Borne instances tho judgments haye beon reversed as is not unfrequently tho case among the ' horse-hair judges ' judges, as woll aB judges of horseB. I hope our Dapto friends will consider the matter for the benefit of the district and that they will decide upon amalgamating thoir efforts with tho old Society, and tbat old aud young may thon put their shoulder to the wheel of progress, and heartily join in supporting and carrying on an Agri. cultural and Horticultural Sooiety that will_ be a crodit and an advantage to the Illawarra district. 1 noticed a paragraph in your paper a abort time ago about the Dapto Agricultnral Society, and I also read a Iotter in the ' Morcury ' since thon criticising the conduct of the Chairman on tho occasion I refer to rather severely* Now although I am in favor of tho two Societies amalgamating, I at the same time quite approve of the course pursued by the Chairman in regard to the resolution submitted at that meoting with reference to tho desired union of both Societies. That meeting was callod for the purpose of eleoting officers to conduct the business of tho Dapto Agri cultural Socioty during the ensuing yoar, not with tho avowed or even implied object of considering and deciding whether or not tbat Socioty should bo amal gamated with the parent Illawarra Society. The motion proposing tho amalgamation of the two societies was well intended by tho gentleman who brought it forward, but according to the acknowledged and proper custom of public meetings it tfas irregular and out of place on that occasion, and the Chairman acted qoite propor in rofuaing to put the motion to tbo meeting. Tho question of amalgamation is a most important one, and should be disousaed and dcoided at a public meeting of the people of Dapto, duly callcd for that pupose. I hope such a meeting will soon take place, and that the matter will receive the attention it deaervos from our Central Illawarra friends. At this advanced season of the year. what, ever may bu done in tho matter shonld be done wit bout delay. ' Union is strength.' Let that be displayed on the motto, aud in the operations of one grand enterprising Agricultural and Horticultural Society in the district of Illawarra for the future. With all his refinement and extraordinary literary attainments, ' Old Wallaby' still oxhibits his animal nature in a moBt unmistable manner, if intorferred with in the least whilo going his favourite rounds. 1 am afraid, however, that somo stray bullot from the Volunteers has fractured one or more of bis logs, as lio appears so pitiably lamo in his attempt at replying to the remarks in my previous ' notes'' about him. In fact, ho must be on crutches, as it is quite evident that ' be has not a log to stand upon.' If that is not tho case he must be such a very ' Old Wallaby', that he does not know what he is talking about, and therefore must be oxcused in his dotage and mental decay. Out of charity raoro than for tho sake of argument, however, 1 will try ns far as possiblo to imagine the animal sound in mind and limbs, while I refer to some statements put forth by him in his last contribution to your columns. I thought that auctioneer l.ke, he would suroly have had done lor ' the third and last time' with the race club in his second last ' Flying CommentB,'' but suoh was not tho case. He appears again limping over tho race course and grinning his teeth at the race club, whilo ho actually states ' that he can't refer to it without naming them.' Just the very thing I accused him of. He also openly admits that I was quite correct in my opinion as to tho cause of his antipathy and objections to Alderman Cosgrove. Take tho matter whioh way ho may ' Old Wallaby' can make no case out in bis favor, and as all is against him, he lawyer like adopts tho legal practice of ' abusing tho other side.' Ho again makes a number of baseloss and incorrect charges in tho most insulting, not to say vindictive manner, against tho race club, and ho utterly fails to disprove any statement which I made in my previous scrutiny of his motives in respect to those gontlemen and tho racccourso mattor. I am glad howovor, to find that ' Old Wallaby'' is not altogether- doad to fooling oven although it may be only skin deep. He admitB tbat I '' assumed the character of schoolmaster in my last communication.' It is therefore quite evident that be felt the effect of the rod with which 1 corrected him for being a bad old boy, and that he was sailer ing pain as the result of tbat oastigation when be waa trying to' fly ' again in last Tuesday's Mercury. I fancy 1 see his Wallabyship wincing and hopping ronnd tho schoolroom, squeaking that it was the fault of tho raoe club aim not bis, while his skin Is getting a preliminary ' tanning ' from the school master and his rod. Although I may be able to correct and flog 'Old Waliaby ' I acknowledge I am not schoolmaster enough to understand what . be means in many parts of hiB last comments. He mentions a ' whilom correspondent' in tho first para graph of his communication, but ho begins and ends that paragraph without informing your readexs who that companion is. There is another sentenco in his ' Commonts' which is a literary curiosity, and which I boliovo convoys quito an opposite moaning to what ' Old Wallaby' intended it8houlddo. Perhaps this is a specimon of wallaby grammar ; if so it is not only worth repeating, but also worth preserving and for warding to Dr Badham. Tn that sontonco he writes, ' And it iB probable that had they (that is the Band of Hope people) not boon stopped by the bullyism of the race authorities, thoir asserted monopoly (whioh according to tho former part of tho sentenco must moan an asserted monopoly by -tho Baud of Hope people), though it was doubly more Fenian in its lawlessness than it is, would never have been intor ferred with ; but now, by their abuso of tho pooplo's tolora'ion of tho imposition (that is, according to ' Old Wallaby s' grammar, an imposition by tho Band of Hope, ond their abuse of tho peoples tolera tion), thoy have put it in a fair way of boing oxposed ana swept away anogui.uur. wnat is to Do a wept away altogether ? According to tho grammar and composition of' Old Wallaby s Comment's,'' it is tho asserted monopoly of the Band of Hope peoplo to tho raojeourse that is to bo swept away. Tho sentenco can bo taken to moan nothing olso, unless it should bo road according to tho 'willfor the deed principle.' ' Old Wallaby ' appears to bo very familiar with the Band of Hopo, and ho haB now inadvertantly in formed the world that the asserted monopoly of that Socioty is Fenian in its lawlessness Mystery of mysteries 1 Who ovor thought before tbat the Band of Hope was a nest of FonianB, and its President and Secretary veritable boad contros of that order of dis orderly boings. ' The Kiama myBtery' becomos a mere myth in comparison with this revolution by ' Old Wallaby.' Porhaps aftor all that Mr Parkes' celebrated nine Fenians were tbo Committee-men of tho Wollongong Band of Hope. But what about tho doad Fenian and his ghost? I havo no doubt ' Old Wallaby' could a tale unfold about that mattor also. It appears we did not have our Volunteer Corps established a day too soon, tor tf tno committee and oflioers of tho Band of Hope are Fenian boad centres, all the members of tbat sooiety must be a band of little Fenians. I hope this matter will be brought before the committoo of the Sobool of Arts, so tbat tbey may take stops at once to prevent that insti tution from boing used as s Fenian rendezvous or placo of mooting. Now that it has oome to light that the Band of dope people are Fenians, perhaps it was a sort of ' Canadian raid ' on a small scalo that they tried to make on the raceoonrso on EaBter Monday, and it may be also that 'Old Wallaby ' was at the head of thorn on that occasion in the character and capacity of a sort of local Gcnoral O'Neil. At any rato, with tbo aid of his king's evidence about the Fenian lawlessness 'of tho Band of Hopo, there appears a markod coincidence botweon tho Canadian raid and the racccourso confliot on Easter Monday. In ths former instance, General O'Neil and all tbo big and little Fenians wore routed by tho Canadians, and in the lattor, or Easter Monday affair, ' Old Wallaby ' and all his large aud smnll Fenians wore also repulsed on that day by the race olub. I will now leave ' Old Wallaby ' for another woek, to be lookod after more oloBely than evor by tho. police and Volunteers. I stated my own views about the racecourse question in your iBsuo of last Friday, and bave now nothing to ndd or alter . with reference to what I thon wroto about thnt matter. I qui'e agrco with ' Old Wallaby' in his romarks nbont tho unjust and suioidnl course pursued by, tho I. S. N. Company wit.h reference to tho* arrange ments and charge for roturn tiokots by tho steamers during tho Exhibition in Sydney. Tho Company will bo heavy losors by thoir short-sightod policy in the mattor. A groat number of tho inhabitants of tho district, from Shoalbavon.to Bulli, havo .availod thomao'vos of tho overland route to tho railway, rather than patronise tho Btoamcrs at their prosont chargi's, whilo scores nnd porlu ps hundreds of per sons iu tho diatrict, who would havo gone to seo tho Exhibition had tho Company issuod cheap return tickots during that timo, will bo debarred by that mo ms from going at all. Suoh porsons will bo de prived of tho ploasuro of visiting tho Exhibition, nnd tho I. S. N. Company will bo deprivod of tho pleaaure of pocketing thoir passage money. Had tho Company issuod return tickots at a vory low rato, or ovon at a Biuglo fare, during whatovor time tho Exhibition may boopon, there are comparatively few persons in tho wholo distriot who would not havo patronised tho steamers at somo timo during that period. As it is, tho Company aro doing a great injustice to thoir constituents in tho mattor, and their action in that rospoct is tho causo of wide spread dissatisfaction in tho district from ono ond to tho othor. On tho principle that it is bottor to mond Into than novor, tlio I S.N. Company should ovon now issue roturn tickots at a very low figure by thoir stoamors during tho remainder of tho timo tbo Exhi bition may be open. 