THE SEBASTOPOL HOU1TOS. 10 THB EDITOR 07 THX ADSTBALABUV. ' Sir,-The very inclement weather we have hadfor the past month or two has interfered with the hunting appointments of Mr. jEtowiauda' pack of hounds. On the 22nd of August, at Dog Trap, there was a good nm ana a kill, hot as I was not there myself I cannot give any of the particulars. On Friday last the meet was at Boninyong, and although the day was a clear, bright, beautiful one, yet the ground was far too soft for hunting. Never theless, the gentlemen who accompanied Hx. Rowlands, numbering about 20, were de» "termined to have a good day's sport, so the direction of the P. L ranges, the old hunting ground, was atonce made for, and no sooner had we arrived in the vicinity, when the 'pack picked tip the scent, and with aburst of muBic from *u»wa«m Filled with a whole ganmt of he*Tenly note*," igotawayatacUppingpaoeforaboutthreeorfonr miles through the scrub, and then out into the open country, the kangaroo making' right across Williamson's creek. After crossing and recrossing the creek three or four times, the scent was lost, and it was therefore decided to again try the scrub, when in about a minute a flying doe jumped up and made straight for the open, closely followed by hounds and horsemen. After crossing the creek again the ground was found to be very rotten, the horses sinking in up to their saddle-girths, and it was a hard struggle to keep within sight of the pack, the kangaroo heading a(this time for the Stony Rises. Qb passing by Nought and'Boyd's sheep-yards "the jumping commenced, which consisted oE stiff log feiioes, with an occasional three railer, and so the run continued for nearly three hours, during which time the doe led them a nice'dance, the horsemen having to croes the creekpolesrthan seven times, the kangaroo doubling so often. At laiktthe kangaroo made for a water-hole in the creek to hide her diminished head (and tail) from "Throate, off her h^ tohaufe itoverthe door ot Us kenneVto remind him of the moetaevere run he haB ever experienced. The hnntiag party I hurt.' NIMROD'S GHOST. I BuBtoyong.Mg.aft. TheirBofal Sfchneara the ftinoe*ad Priooen of Walea?ooca5ed Oooperi mS, Englefiald Green, dating eteAsootUetttok. Lotd-Filmpatb pvesented Tom- V&bxjk; mnother geoUftmaa gifts m«i 4 ' 