THE SEXTON'S GHOST STORY. Reader, are you afraid of darkness? can you, unaccompanied, wander free from any fear " when churchyards yawn, and graves give up their dead?" I cannot ; and I envy the man who has courage enough to do so. It may appear strange to commence what I have headed a ghost story, by acknowledging myself a coward ; but you must not for a moment fancy that I play any part in the tale that I am about to relate. I am simply the story teller. How I came to hear it, and possess such valuable information about ghosts, I now ask your attention, that you may discover. It was a dull blustering night towards the end of winter, and a good deal of snow had fallen, when I was sent for to see a sick person ; by this information you are made acquainted with my profession. I was a doctor then, and am a doctor now. Do not discard me at once for having acknowledged myself as craven- hearted as far as "darkness" is concerned ; for I was bold and successful in my professional duties ; and what would have bleached your cheek to see, my nerves enabled me to perform. My nervousness was physical and not moral ; as regards my dread of darkness, perhaps, even you who boast of your courage, might sometimes have given me the opportunity of having the laugh on my side. My patient was an old man of eighty, named Griffiths, whose disease was not curable by a physician ; general decay was his complaint, and I knew that with him time would soon do his work. To reach him, however, I had to traverse a gloomy road, which I had divided into four distinct parts, naming them my " four phases of terror. " The two first portions of the way lay through winding lanes, with tall hedges on each side, now and then an old poplar tree rising like some giant, deploring the icy grasp of winter, as the wind moaned desolately through its leafless boughs ; then another part of the road was through a wood, adjoining the estate of a Lord Oakham ; dark indeed was often this portion. If by chance I cracked a stick, an old cock phea- sant shrieked at me from his cosy perch on some black fir ; if I walked along the gravel road, crunching it loudly beneath my foot, I was sure to meet a living apparition in the shape of a keeper, who, seeing I was only " the doctor," used disappointedly to vouchsafe a sullen "fine night." But the last part was the worst of the four divisions of my journey to Griffiths, for it lay along the bottom of the village churchyard with a wood behind and before. The church of F------n, an old Norman building, always appeared to me to grow bigger in the darkness, and the tomb stones, I feel certain, vied in assuming fitful and frightful shapes. The summons to the bedside of my old far- mer patient, on the night of my story, did not take me by surprise, for I had long been ex- pecting its arrival. I had opened, myself, the door in answer to the knocking which preceded the demand for my presence, and let in no other person than Tommy White, the sexton of our village of F------n. Muffled up in a curious sort of overcoat, which spoke rather of horse-cloth, with a thick red comforter bound round his throat, as if to pre- vent accidental dislocation of the neck, the old fellow's appearance was certainly strange. He was very spare and thin about the face, and had more than once been likened to a famished ferret. " Well, Tommy, is it Griffiths that wants me now? '' " Yes, please, sur, and have I not been a 'ollering so for the last ten minutes? I maunna say h'es wus, but that he's no better ; so, off I comes for you, and hopes you'll return with me. Poor White's powers of locution were not great, but a kinder hearted fellow never lived. He was brother in law to Griffiths, and on that account was so eager to obtain my services. Doctors' toilettes do not occupy much time when they have to be made near midnight, and mine was very soon completed ; so, hurrying on my great coat, Tommy and myself set out for what I knew was to be a dreary walk. It was certainly a blustering and particularly dull night. No moon could have glimmered through the thick heavy mantle of clouds which was hanging overhead, though the wind strove its best to drive the fleecy covering away. We had walked some way before either of us spoke, when Tommy suddenly asked me if I believed in ghosts. " Doctor, ye don't think that I bes asking a rude question, but does ye ever take thought on ghosts-spurrits, I mean ?" Why White should have selected such an unfortunate question for me on such an occasion I could not venture to say ; it staggered me considerably at first, and I was for a few moments unable to reply. Had he discovered my weakness ? or was that but a " feeler" pre- vious to playing upon my poor imagination? " Believe in spirits, Tommy? why should you doubt it ? " (I was at first about to deny the possibility of their existence, when the road took a gloomy turn towards the wood ) " Why, of course, I think that there are such things." His response was a prolonged fit of laughter, commencing with a gurgle and ending with a loud roar. The wind caught it, and the moan- ing trees seemed to me to re-echo the continuous, almost horrible hah ! hah ! hah ! " White, are you mad ?" (I nearly called the fellow a fool ) " Stop making that terrible row. What is the matter ? " " Is it you, doctor, that I hear a telling there's spurrits ? No, no ; hee ! hee ! hah ! hah !" Surely the grave sexton of sixty had taken leave of his senses, or he must, from some un- known reason, have been destined to annoy me. We were close on to the wood before White grew calmer and said, " Well, then, have it as ye will ; take on, do, with such thoughts, but first hear me tell how I was cured of fearing spurrits." A ghost story at such a time, and in such a place (the wood of Lord Oakham's) was not particularly amusing to me, but I could not well decline, and as our walk still extended for a couple of miles, I silently gave my approval by a cough. Tommy, without much ado, began as follows, and I shall endeavour to keep as much to his text as I can, though for the sake of interest, I must correct it a little. " Ever since I took my place as sexton of the church at F------n, I had till afore yesterday, believed in what I heard men speak of as ghosts. I am, as you know, doctor, not a learned man, for when I was young, like many foolish fellows I thought playing any day was better than ' the school ;' but I am able, however, to say to myself, which I does one day lately, ' Tommy White, if there are ghosts, they'll be seen some day by you, my boy ' Now, I never took thought on fear when I said this, I believed there were spurrits, but I never felt scared like at the idea I rather, I think, was what folks calls curious, wanting to see 'em, but not knowing how " I've done my best to see, hear, or feel a ghost-ay, feel, for I don't think a spurrit could get out of these graves near my church without his bones-and till afore yesterday I've been disappointed " You remembers, no doubt, two months back, when Mary Hamilton died-the woman which drowned herself on purpose, so people say up at village, but which the jury were gentlemen enough to call ' haccidental death' for want of ividence. Well, I heard say that the spurrits of wicked people never rest when they are put in the ground, and so I watched all the night of her burial to see her come out of her grave, which, by the way, I made proper tight as re- gards the shovelling in. I waited, however, in vain ; for I saw nothing, nor heard a single sound. It happened yesterday, which was Sun- day night, that I found on returning home that I had left my tools in the vestry of the church when I locked her up for the night ; and as I don't think it brings luck to leave yer grave implements in church, as some lazy folks do, I hurried myself down, though it was getting quite late, to fetch them away. When I got to the entrance of the churchyard, it looked darker than I had ever seen it, and I began to feel myself, for a wonder, growing nervous, as they say. Of which I was afraid I could not tell, for I had a lantern with me, and, besides, I knew almost every new-made grave in the church- yard, and old 'spurrits,' after a certain time, lose their power of being visible to men. " Well, I was not going to be timid longer, so I smacked my breast and said aloud, ' Thomas White (I always calls myself Thomas when I am serious), you're a big fool. What's coming over you? Be a man.' And then I recollected I had forgotten to take what is my nightly custom after supper-my glass of rum. The cold air was too trying, therefore, for my weak stomach, for ye knows I have a weak----" " Oh yes, Tommy, I know ; I know all about that," I interrupted " But go on, go on." " I opened the door of the church, doctor, and entered, holding my candle lantern high above my head. Ye know how the place looks in daylight, and how the great big boxes, like rabbit-hutches, appear on Sunday full of people ; but you never took sight on the church, I know, when yerself was the only one in it, and the time close on to midnight The tall, big, yellow painted pews seemed exactly to me to correspond with the gloomy feelings which existed on the outside of the building, and as I stood at the bottom of the aisle I half wished I had never come. " I was never intending really to beat a re- treat, and so up I marched to the reading desk, where I generally hid the keys of the vestry. I had got half- way, when the light of my lan- tern fell upon that big ' loose box,' as it were, of old Michael Robson's who's dead. The sides, like the other pews, are too high for a person on the outside to look over them, and so you musn't wonder how I did not at once see into it, when, as I was going to say, I saw its door slowly open. I moved, and it shut. " ' Nay, but I'm dreaming,' thinks I, and with that I gave my eyes no end of a rub. Again I went on towards the pew , the door slowly opened, and, on my retreating, it again closed. " Now that I thought I was sure of seeing a ghost or something uncommon, my heart did not beat as before, when there was nought to occa- sion it, but, saying aloud, ' Thomas White, you are sexton of this place, preserve your rights,' I marched to the reading desk, found the key, and was returning down the aisle to the vestry, when this time, with a creaking noise, the pew door slowly opened, as if some one was pushing it from within, as I passed it shut. "'Forewarned, Mr. Ghost,' 'thinks I 'is forearmed ;' and so, after reaching the vestry and getting my pick I returned up the aisle, leaving my lantern behind, in order not to be seen by the spurrits. " It was indeed dark now, but I knew my way too well to fear missing the right pew-for ye know the inside as well as the out after a forty year's service, Mr Doctor. " I had gone half way up when something touched me on the shoulder. It wasn't a hand, or any living thing-no. I at once knew the pew door was again open. When I went to the vestry it had shut itself, and all the other pews were, I had ascertained, securely fastened. How, then, had it opened itself? who was the tenant of that sitting? I moved myself a little forward, and the door shut with a half slam. ' Rather louder,' thinks I ; and feeling for the handle, I pulled. The door was unlocked, and opened. With my pick I banged about under- neath the seats, but nothing came in contact with my weapon. I tried above, but with no result, the pew must be empty. I hurried, now very excited, for my lantern, and again ap- proached the pew. The door slowly opened by itself, as before, and then shut" (At this juncture we were passing the church yard, and I began to wish our walk was over.) " And so, doctor, being determined to find out who was a doing all this queer game, I held my lantern up and looks around-hah, hah, hah ' ho, ho '.-what do you think I found was my ghost ? It was not a man, dead or living, not a spurrit or anything supernatural, it was, he, he '-frozen snow on the matting. " Yes, doctor, I'm not telling ye false ; it was snow that had made me so perplexed for so long. I found that the people in coming into the church had never like decent folks shaken the falling snow off their feet, but had brought in a quantity, which had collected somehow or other underneath the matting before Robson's pew, had frozen there, and the door not having been shut properly, the stiffened matting acted like a lever whenever anyone walked, like myself, up the aisle, swung open, and when one moved forward or backward, the matting dropped, and the door swung to again. " There's my ghost story for ye, and that's why I laughed when ye told me ye believed in ghosts, for I think many people fear more what they imagine they see than what really does take place. Find out, Mr Doctor, the causes of your ghosts when they visit you, and I thinks ye'll not be troubled with much super- stition. Here we are, however, at Griffiths's, and, I'll stop and go in with you and see how the old man is. Maybe you'll like some one to stay up with him after you're gone, and the missus, I knows, is nigh worn out with watch- ing " It would be needless to remark that after Tommys story I returned home with less fear than usual, for shame at what I knew was a folly now took possession of me. MULGRAVE 