UNDER THE SPELL. BY PREDERICK WILLIAM ROBINSON. CHAPTER X. THAT particular Monday on which Mr. Ed mund Harlington Lanceford shook himself into action and stopped from his lair in de fence of his name, there was a dinner party at the Limes. The giver of the feast had plenty of time to recover his composure-had it ever been disturbed ?-before the car riages of the guests began to roll along the avenue, and the guests themselves to be re ceived by a smiling, gracious host. The dinner-hour was fixed for seven that even ing, and Mr. Lanceford was at home before the clocks were striking five. Mr. Lance ford made it his business to seek his eldest son a few minutes after he had stepped into the hall. " Edmund," said the father, entering the room where that young gentleman and his brother Nathan were finishing their readings for the day, and where Willie, to kill time, was keeping them and *Mr. Gurnett com pany; "Edmund, I shall want the favour of your company at dinner this evening." Edmund coloured. "Thank you, sir, but I am engaged for this evening." "Is the engagement so particular that my request must be at once set aside ?" inquired Mr. Lanceford. " Well-I never like to break my word, sir," answered his son, and "it is rather par ticular. Besides, to tell you the truth, sir, lam not very partial to dinner parties and gentlemen who talk politics and all that bosh -that's the truth of it." "Your father's wish stands for nothing then?" inquired Mr. Lanceford. "A do sire to see his son at his table, taking his place in society, and playing his part therein, is not worth your consideration? " `' Yes, sir, but- " "I have urged on you my request," in terrupted the sire, " but I am not anxious for your arguments wherefore it should be set aside. I leave it to your good sense and good feeling." He was withdrawing from the room when a thought made him pause at the open door and look towards Nathan and Willie. "You, young gentlemen, are too young to take up room at the dinner-table; but you may come if you like." " 0! no thank yodu," cried Nathan, with a shiver. "But I shall expect you in the drawing room after dinner; " and Mr. Lanceford closed the door behind him, and shut in fur ther objections. "Well, I must say you have all shown yourselves particularly thankful for your father's invitation," remarked Mr. Gurnett; "you appear forgetful that Mr. Lanceford pays you a great compliment by placing you on an equality with his guests." "Are you invited, Mr. Gurnett?" asked Edmund. " Yes, sir, I am." "Ah! I didn't know; you were not looking particularly delighted yourself that's what made me doubt it. I say-- ? " "Well, sir." "Are we going to have much more of this Cicero 7-it's past five, I can tell you !" " So late as thatl dear me 1 " " And I wanted to be off at four-0 ! con found this cramming I " Bang went Cicero on the desk, and Mr. Gurnett, who had just drawn his watch from his pocket, gave a nervous jump, and nearly dropped it. "Good-day, sir-good-day," cried Ed mund. "But, Mr. Edmund-surely you will not think of leaving this evening ? " "But, Mr. Garnett, you wouldn't have me break my word ?" "'Honour your -father,' sir," quoted the tutor. "All right; I know all about that," was the reply; "and I could give you as good a text as you send, only I haven't a bible handy, and shouldn't be able to find the place if I had. It's a warning. to promise breakers, though." "Well," said Mr. Gurnett, hesitating, "if your engagement be important -" " It is very important." "Then go and toll Mr. Lanceford so." " I shan't do anything of the kind," said Edmund, bluntly. "I'll try and return early, instead. Toll them to keep the soup on the dining-room hob till I come back-in a tin mug, if there's one handy. Good-even ing, sir." " Are you going, now ?" "Off like a shot, sir; good-by, Willie." " Good-by-good luck! " he added, in a lower tone. "Thank'ee-sure of that, my lad." " Good-by, Ned," quietly observed Nathan, as Edmund was making his exit. "0! didn't I bid you good-by? Well, au revoir, Foxy;" and with a merry laugh, Edmund Lanceford departed. Willie sat in a thoughtful position after his half brother had gone. He had been anxious for five minutes' confidential interview with him; but everything had been against him. Edmund Lanceford had been with the game keeper all the morning, and had appeared for the first time at two o'olojk, in the room where Mr. Gurnett was acoustomed to super intend his studios. Willie had reserved the particulars of yesterday's events till the evening; and now, before the evening was come, Edmund was off again ! Willie dressed for the drawing-room in a depressed state of mind, and looked in a melancholy-even an accusatory-manner at himself in the looking-glass, as he tied the bow of his little white neckerchief. Nathan called for him at half-past eight; it was a terrible bore for him to sneak into a room full of company at that hour in the evening; and as for entering alone, that was out of the question. " Come along, Willie ; let's go in together, my man, then I can take care of you !" Into the great drawing- room wont the half-brothers, both blushing with the ingon uousness of youth, no Jemmy, who was on special duty that evening, throw open the door and bnwled out their names in a nltenoronio mannler, perfectly nnocllosary. The great drawing-room was only used so oespeial occasions, and a bright eoons it pro. :onated that evening, with the holland covers off tll chandeliors and furniture; with the wax-lights struggling in opposition ngahinst thl, daylight that wan dlowly giving way aundl growing faint ; with th,, winduown ojel that warms ovnihilg, td lit fali gurudn gruouundu lying hUyolndl; with llixtonl or twlty ilrhly il?rsond Idahlle grouluod on chahrnl alld oltl, Ilane, turnlu ovelr lbooil of uuingravllntg, or talking of the faults and failings of friends away, or friends by the piano there and out of hearing. " 0 ! here's a pack of women," muttered Nathan; "the gentlemen haven't left their wine yet. I shall go hack." " Don't be foolish, Nat." " We shan't get any dessert here-only scalding coffee presently, that'll throw us into a frightful perspiration." " Do leave off whispering, and be a man. Look at me now," with a bhow to-a fat old dowager in a brocade of blue and silver; "how do you do, mum?" "Mum! " cried Nathan, with a gurgling in his throat that was meant for suppressed merriment, "0, hark at' Willie! " The ladies received the Masters Lance ford with enthusiasm, and overwhelmed them with questions about their studies and amusements-when Nathan was going to college, and whether he thought he should like it much ?-whether Master Willie .was fond of his pony, and what was Willie's age, and whether he did not think himself a big boy for thirteen and a half? Willie, though he did not say sb, thought himself quite a man at that age, and was excessively an noyed at the fat old lady in brocade keep ing a tight hold of his hand, and patting it in a flabby manner. He was glad when the gentlemen began to straggle in and divert attention from himself and Nathan-when the room was full of company, and he had put a good five yards and a grand piano be tween himself and that horrid old woman in blue and silver. Mr. Lanceford tapped him on the shoulder when he was sleepily listen ing to a brilliant piece of- Thalberg's, un fortunately not played in a brilliant manner. " Where is Edmund ? " "I-I don't know, papa." "Did he go out on horseback?" "Yes-I believe so." "Ah ! he will soon be back then," said Mr. Lanceford. "I-I hope you are not offended with him, papa?" asked Willie. "What reason have Ito be offended with. him ? " rejoined Mr. Lanceford, as he moved away. Willie looked anxiously into his father's face, and was pleased to see that there was no expression of anger thereon; on the con trary, it was a countenance expressive of much satisfaction with himself and the com pany, as it was turned towards two ladies who sat together on a couch, and with whom he stopped to converse a moment. Willie brightened up after this slight dialogue with his father, and set himself to make the best of that evening. He even enjoyed the scalding coffee, and slipped rather a large handful of biscuits into his pocket when the footman brought the plate round. The coffee reminded him of Nathan, and he looked towards the window- curtains, behind which that modest youth was last seen to conceal himself. Nathan was gone. Willie was of an inquiring disposition, and inclined to be fidgety. Nathan's disap pearance troubled him. What had become of him ?-was he in the garden, or had he flown to his room? would his father miss him, and be angry ?-wouldn't it be better for Nathan to return and sit the party out like a man ? Willie watched his opportunity, and sidled from the room. Outside, he came in contact with Jemmy Dornton, who was advancing to the drawing-room with a fresh supply of coffee. "Ah! Jemmy, how smart we. are to night." "Yes, Master Willum Ernest, we be," observed Jeminy, in a sepulchral tone. "Is-is anything the matter with Na than ?" asked Willie. "No, there bean't." "Have you seen him, Jemmy-is he in the dining-room ? " "No, he bean't there-for the Lord's sake doan't go in the dining-room, just now." "Why not ?" "Well, I wouldn't if I wor you--Ireally wouldn't. Master Nathan be gone up stairs -you are sure to foind him." Jemmy passed on, and Willie, rather be wildered, ran up stairs to Nathan's room, the door of which he found secured. " Who's there ?" cried Nathan, from the inside. "It's I, Willie. What are you doing? " "Going to bed, that's what I'm doing," responded Nathan, unlocking the door and putting his head out; "I have had enough of that stuff in the drawing- room, and I'm not coming down again for anybody." "Have you been in the dining-room, Nat ?" "No; what should I go there for?" " Nothing-good-night." " Good-night, Willie." Willie went down stairs again, and on the large mat at the stairs' foot stood and con eidered Jemmy Dornton's warning. What was in the dining- room to frighten him ? It couldn't be a ghost, and if it were a ghost, he wasn't going to be frightened at it. Per haps all the guests had not given over wine bibbing yet, and were swearing a little, and telling naughty stories over their third bot tle. Well, there was a great deal of swear ing on the sly at his school, and the head boys knew most of the naughty stories in fashion- that wouldn't alarm him either, The door was ajar he could see from his po sition-he'd just peep through the crack; that wasn't inquisitive, at all events. Willie stole softly in his patent leather shoes towards the dining- room, and peeped through the crack of the door-only peeped, as he had promised himself. Why, there was nobody there that he could see, unless they were under the table, or out of visual range in one or two chairs by the door. He listened; not a sound from within--why, Jommy must have been hav ing a bit of fun with him! Willie boldly entered the room-smothered a little cry, and then stood stupefied. Close at his elbow, in the first seat against the door, eat Edmund Lancoford, dressed as lhe had soon him in the schoolroom a few hours before. Iis arms ewere flung upon the table, amidst a wreck of decanters, half ompty w\iino-glassoo, and.dlesort-platoes, and hlis hend was buried clone within his arms. " What, Nod, old follow, is tlis you ? " Could it lie the Ned Lancotlrd wvhom lie had inin loot with no Ini.ght ai flco, who bad muione away rrojici?ilt wilih no light a heart? i1t could hardly h,iliive it, though ho could swear to ltht curly hood on whl Ich his ind wie rIl'ntillr , " NolI, Nc:d--slwht's the nlllttler-onU' you l)cik ? " Ned slowly raised his head, leaned back, and looked at his half-brother with two red, dizzy eyes. " What's -ll this noise about ? " he asked abruptly. '! Don't you feel well, Ned ?" "'Well !-I was never better in my life. What," with a short laugh, "is to affect me?" " 0! Ned, Nod, I am sure something has gone wrong. I shouldn't have found you here sitting like this alone if iomo sorrow or 1 disappointment had not fallen on you." "I ' "Don't bother ! " Ned Lanceford stretched forth a hand to wards the decanter, filled the wine-glass, and drank off the contents. "I am here in time for the wine, you see, i Willie-precious lucky the butler had not I cleared away." "I wouldn't drink any more, if I were you," remarked Willie, wistfully regarding the glass which Edmund was filling again. "Why not, sir-why not?" demanded Edmund Lanceford. Willie Lanceford reddened somewhat, but he stood his ground. "Because I think you have drunk too much already." " It's a lie." "Thank you." " Ar': if it's truth, I shall continue to drink, William Ernest," cried Edmund a"drink's good for my complaint-and the i Sman who touches the decanter goes down like'a seliot." "Won't you go upstairs, Edmund ? " " No.". "Papa may come in directly," delicately I hinted Willie. The decanter which Edmund Lanceford raised came down with a crash upon the table, slit a corner off a dessert- plate, and set the glasses wildly jingling. Willie started back, but more at the dark face of his half-brother than at the noise made by the decanter's descent. "Don't hold him up as a threat to me ! " cried Edmund, "I have had enough of him to-day to last a lifetime ! In a lifetime I shall not forget him or-forgive him ! " "Ned, Ned, remember ! " "Had he acted like a man I could forgive him; had he stood before me and cried 'no ',to all, your wishes-I take the side against you, and will fight you to the death,' I would have been content. But to fight in the dark, in the dark ! " Edmund began hammering the table with the decanter again, and glaring at Willie Lanceford with his bloodshot eyes. " What right has he to step between me and all I care for in the world ?-to snatch my happiness away, and set his foot upon it?" continued Edmdijid, in the same fierce tone; "does he know what is so much the best for me? Is he to say, 'take this 'woman for your wife, and cast that one 'away,'-he whose wives have been a curse to him?" "'Hush,ush sh; you must hush, Ed inund !" •"" I'll never forgive him," said E-lmund, in a:voice less energetic; " as sure as I pour this glass of wine out, I'll never forgive him, Willie. And I will not give in-will not give her up to soothe a cursed pride that never did anything but harm." :,e ',' Good health! " , .'You'll go upstairs now, Ned?" "Have you any l'argent about you, Wil liam Ernest Lanceford, Esquire ?" .,Any what?!' " Ready cash-pounds, .shillings, and pence-young gentleman." "I,have fourteen shillings odd upstairs." "Damni your fourteen shillings !-do you ant? tob.insult a gentleman ? " StGo.to your room, Ned." " Where's Nathan ? " i "Gone to bed." "!I wonder whether he has any money -I never catch him' spending any,-ah i he's a close fist, and will keep it all to hiniself." "' "'Whati do you want money for?" asked his' brother. . S'" Secret,` my dear fellah," replied Ed 'inii d, in an airy tone, " and I have learned the'a'rt'of keeping my secrets, at last. It's '.' bad'. spec. when you can't keep your 'tongue still. I have found that out, to my cost!," . . "You'don't want any more wine, Ned ? " " You're a boy, and don't know what a man can stand ! What the devil are you fig--fig-figged out like this for ?" " Papa has a party of friends." i Ahb so he has; and here I am not dressed yet. God bless me ! how disrespect ful to the honoured guests of Mr. Lance ford." "You'll not come ini to-night?" cried Willie, as Edmund sprung to his feet. S"You heard my father give me an invita tion. I wouldn't break his heart by dis obeying him ! " There was something very sad in the drunken irony of the youth standing by the table and swaying to and fro; something that fell dead and heavy to Willie Lanceford's heart, and stopped-there. "Poor Ned!" he involuntarily ex claimed. " Stop that," said his brother, quickly. "I don't want any one to pity me. I can bear my troubles, if I have any ! Mind you, I don't own them! " 'Edmund Lanceford went out of the room, keeping close to the wall for support, and walked slowly and steadily up the stairs, clutching tenaciously at the banisters. He didn't want a light; he wouldn't have a light; he knew the way to his room. \- "Good night." Willie was glad to hear him repeat good night. Ned had forgotten about the party down-stairs in the drawing-room, and would go peaceably to his bed, and sleeoop off the effects of his debauch. Willie listened on the stairs seoveral moments, till the door of his brother's room was locked; then he hosi tated whether he should return to the draw ing-room, or imitate his brother's example, and proceed quietly to bed. .THe went to his own room, after grave do liberation; undressed by the grey moon light stealing in through the uncurtainod window, crying a little during the operation -for William Ernest had a fooling heart over the wreck of Nod Lancoford's first love. The night stolo on ; the guetos Mr. Lanro ford rolled away, one by oe, in their cor ringes; the wax li(hhia ii th drawil'iig- roolrn were enhl h tl I ; lllt Ihll whiadow hiitteri?s w''i'i hisrrad, aiinil ille iluri olla i ul g to i hint ltr. L'J'iinilii'd retired ho iear adii aitlt aromnlf , 'It Wnli" leimrly twI lv' i'rhllosik whil ' the lat survantl went ywiwiltif ui) ilh llns nd Edmund Lanceford rose cautiously from the hid on which he had flung himself three hours before, and opened noiselessly his door. Had that last servant, wearily plodding to his room, been an instant later, and come face to face with that haggard-looking figure gliding along the landing-place, he would have dropped the candlestick he was carrying, and shouted " ghost " his hardest; for more like a ghost than the youth who had ridden away that afternoon with so light a heart, was Edmund Lanceford that night. Ho paused at his brother Nathan's door. and knocked. His step was steady now, al though the hand shook a little as lie raised it. There was no answer from within, un less a peculiar muttering that was going on inside, as though Nathan Lanceford were talking madly in his sloop, could boe taken for one. This peculiarity struck Edmund, who, after deliberating a while, and finding the muttering continue, tried the handle of the door. The door was unlocked, for Nathan Lancoford, as we have soon, had forgotten to refasten it after his dialogue with Willie, and Edmund opened it and entered. Full as Edmund was of his troubles, and his projects, lie could not help forgetting them for an instant, and regarding the scene before him with amazement. And it was a scene that might have well disturbed the thoughts of any one acquainted with the mild habits of Master Nathan Lanceford. Two wax candles wore burning on the dressing-table, one on each side of the great looking-glass in the centre, and parading be fore that glass was a fantastically-dressed figure, with a book in his hand. Certainly, Nathan Lancoford, with a towel round his head, fastened by a brooch in the centre; with a shawl pinned round him, and trailing at his heels; with a curved scimitar at his side, suspended by his own gold watch-chain, and with a black face and false moustaches ! Nathan Lanceford, quite oblivious to the fact of witnesses, continued marching up and down the room, halting now and thon be fore the looking-glass, and referring to his book "It is the cause, it is the cause, my soul, Lot me not name it to you, you chasto stars! It is the ceause.-Yet I'll not shed her blood Nor sear that whiter skin of hers than snow, And smooth as monumontul alabaster. Yet O-o-h, Lo-o-rd, who's that ? " And the young Othello, catching sight in the glass of Edmund's pale face over his shoulder, fell back against the bed-post, and broke into a shivering fit. "It is only I, Ned," exclaimed Edmund, coming forward, " what game are you up to here?" " Shut the door, there's a good follow," cried Nathan, tearing off his turban, and making short work with his Moorish habi liments, " don't tell Mr. Lanceford--how did you got in here ?-wasn't the door locked ? " " No." "I say, don't laugh too hard when you begin, Ned." " I'm not going _to laugh-I'm in no laughing humour." Ned Lanceford not to be in a laughing humour under those extraordinary circum stances was something so remarkable that Nathan stopped in the act of pitching his bundle of properties into a corner, and turned his sooty face towards his brother. "What's the matter?" "Nothing," was the moody answer. " Do you mind fastening the door, Ned ? Thank you." Ned came forward, after fulfilling the re quest of his brother, and took his seat at the bed's foot. Nathan, blushing under his black countenance, put his costume aside, and slipped into his waiscoat. "I daresay this seems rather," with a faint simper,-" rather funny to you, Ed mund; but the fact is, I thought-I- would rjst see how I should look as Othello-only a fancy, upon my word. I wonder how I came to think of it myself, now. Of course you won't say anything about it ? " "Not I." " A mere whim-quite a whim," con tinued Nathan, " and now, Nod, to business. It's no good saying that nothing is the matter; you wouldn't have taken the trouble to knock me up at,this hour, had not something out of the common kept you wake ful." "Nathan, I'm off to London." "London !-nonsense." " As I'm a living man, I'm off to Lon don !" affirmed eighteen and a half. "Not to-night ? " " No, not to-night," was Edmund's reply; " I'll not creep away like a thief, as if I were afraid of avowing my intention, or ashamed of the object of my departure. I leave to-morrow by an early train." " What does papa say to it ?" " I have not told him." " But you will ? " " Yes- to-morrow." "And excuse me, Ned-I'm very glad to see you and all that, for it isn't often you are anxious for my company; but-but would not an early hour to-morrow have done for your visit? You would not then have caught me in this ridiculous turn out." "Nat Lanceford," said his brother, "set me down for a selfish follow, for it's not out of any love for you, or any desire to say good-by, that I have troubled you to night." "Oh I is it not ?" "Ihavo come to ask you to lend me some money-fifteen or twenty pounds, if you possess so much," said Edmund, gloomily, "that's the only reason for my presence. Keep money in your purse, Nat, and you'll never be short of friends! " "' May I ask if you have any reason for not making your request to Mr. Lanco ford ? " " Borrow twenty pounds of my father ? of the man who--" lie stopped, and stamped his foot upon the floor; " I'd rather bog my way to London first! " "How is it you haven't saved twenty pounds, Nod, out of your pockot-money ? " "How is it I haven't saved twenty ponce? " was tlihe scornfuil rojoinor. ''aIs it not likely I imay have lhad myI way of supnding money, too, iand that- "''Thlro, that will hdo," eaid Ilhinund, ,primsging to hi, foot, " I haven't como hliro to liHtOIn to your IrousIoInsL why yonU cannot or will not help sIme. I haud siy dubts of your '5sn55rsnity Ils fore I )!iolesed at your iioyr, You hI le I evuisIr bI in , srollshe r to iiss, 1id I Iha',lly , ae rslshI tol IDh lil b nroths'rly ill'butlon llai up1 it l II Bill(ll) Ig t " " Vmn hadlnl your doulbtis?" reuuouted Nathan, "To he sure I had." Nathan Lancoford walked to his dressing Faso on the table, opened a secret drawer, I took therefrom some gold and notes, and 1 placed them in his brother's hand. "There, Ned, you need not have mis- f trusted me." " You intended to land me this at first ? " said Edmund, retaining Nathan's hand in ais firm grasp. " Yes. You would have lent me money r had I wanted it, and it was at your command I -even supposing you had not boon a brother 1 to mo!" " I shall begin to understand you some lay, Nat. A thousand thanks, old follow." "He released his brother's hand and ;lanced at the notes. " Twenty- thirty pounds, and the gold," he said, " I shall not require all this, Nat." "You may-and I have no expenses be Pare me." "But, but----" "I shall not take it back," said Nathan, I drawing himself up and looking a very proud young backamoor. " But, I mayn't be able to pay you half this until I'm twenty-one. Oh! if I wore only one and twenty now ! " exclaimed lie. "You are not exactly the Ned Lanceford of yesterday," said Nathan, eyeing him closely ; " something has upset you, and left you wild and reckless. Take my advice, and have a few hours' sleean." "Only one-and-twenty now!" repeated Edmund, " to be master of my property and have no one to thwart me in my wishes; to show the world that I am not the weak, headstrong, fickle fool it thinks me! " "Hlas the world thought anything of the kind ? " quietly asked Nathan. " The man who rules my world, and seeks to mar it, thinks so-Mr. Lanceford of the Limoes." " Hush, hush, Ned," cried the other, "I do not know what lie has done. I haven't asked for information; lie may be wrong, but give him credit for acting for the best." " That which is best for himself-I have done so." " Good-night, Ned- good-night." "You have not sought my confidence, Nat; but I am not ashamed of what has passed, or of what is to come, please hoea von! and for the sako of the better under standing that springs up between us from to-night - " " Thank you, Ned." "For the sake of the better understand ing between us, I will tell you. It's a short story, though there is much pain com pressed in it. I fell in love some months ago; I have been falling deeper and deeper into love over since. I have put off the hour for clearing up a little mystery that, like a romantic fool, I conjured up about myself, until the hour is past for over. I postponed the calm, deliberate avowal of my affection, until I was sure she would not turn away. from me-and now, now when my hopes are brightest, Nat, she and her mother vanish away like a dream, de part suddenly for London, and the only clue I obtain is that a gentleman, resembling Mr; Lanceford, was at their house this morning." "Yesterday, you mean ?" "No, this morning." " He was at Dorchester church yesterday. He-but I have no -right to suppose it," added Nathan, hastily. "I see it all now," said Edmund, gloom ily. "I have been groping in the dark, ignorant of an enemy stealthily keeping pace with me. And he is my enemy who snatches from my grasp all that makes life valuable." "Why did not you tell him, Ned?" asked Nathan. "Why did he not tell me?" cried Ed mund, with his old vehemence; "seek for an explanation, before he thrust himself between me and my hopes? Haven't I a right to claim consideration at his hands?" "?he thinks he has acted for the best," said Nathan. " He is mistaken, then," replied Edmund, bitterly; " he could not have made a fllser or more cruel step. Ro has never acted for the best in Iis life! why should he know what is best for mine'? Has his life been so full of happiness, or so wisely regulated, that lie is justified insaying, ' I step between you and this girl; I know what is best for you-she is not fit for you?' " "Dangerous talk for you-and dangerous for me to hear." "I have done." "I don't say that you are in the wrong, Ned, any more than that you have acted right. I should have worked on a different plan had I been you-had I been Mr. Lanceford. Ifyou have chosen well, Ihope this little cloud will pass away." "If I have chosen well! Do you doubt it?" "I know nothing about it," answered Nathan, "The Lancefords are an unhappy race ; there is a spell upon us " "What spell ?" "0! a strange love-spell that leads our hearts in the wrong direction, and works much evil in its course. I have heard my father talk of the Lanceford wives and the lovo'troubles of our ancestors, and now the noew generation begins with the old cares." "And Edmund Lanceford is the first under the spell! So be it, I am not afraid. The evil it may work did not begin with mo." The brothers parted; Edmund went to his room to pack his portmantoau for the morrow's journey, to rehoiarso over his de fence, and strengthen himself in his inton tions, should his father refuse him permis sion to depart; and Nathan, troubled and thoughtful, turned into his bachelor's bed stead, and forgot to wash his face before he did so. He remembered the Moor of 'onico in the morning, however, wheon lhe looked at his pillow iand saw how much of his complexion he had loft on the white linen, and wondered what the hiousemamids would think when they came in to nmakelo the bed. Andt the only fact that those housemaids arrived at a'tor grave deliboratioi and IuuIeh criicl- iosHlpection was, thalt M]auter Nathlan Lancford Ihad gone iinlid in tihe niight and haid gonio upI the chimimnoy for a (oitroilr y (i llt iiH lit ltilt, Ph'. ]'ltnliint d Ilarlirigtoiu ],iloii lbrl'd of theI I ,illi ,% Ihlra. tI lifi hist jipomrui lit I if brlunslmhothied, l i t '' foilw i tt i tllt, wIi' it miutut iucul iathtlhuiaiu to brea?toilest bty hihlltlllll It nmall room looking on the garden, and morne I ifton to his cup of mocha and slice of dry I toast at his bedside--it wans very seldom : that Mr. Lanceford honourod his children end Mr. Gurnott by his presence at an hour i os early. ) On the particular morning in quostion he vas the first to take his place at the break aset-table, and wait patiently for company. Villio entered shortly afterwards, and itarted a little at his father's presence there ; to even ventured a wistful look at Mr. Lnnceford's face, as if anxious to read there ln the reason for his sudden appearance. But there was nothing to alarm Willio in his tire's countonancd-it was smooth and fair, cud even smiling, as he said, "Are you and I to breakfast alone this horning, William Ernest ? and has fate )oen a breakfast in store for us ? I begin to loubt it." "Nathan's coming down directly, papa; and Mr. Gurnott has boon in the garden this half-hour." " And Edmund ? "I haven't soon him this morning, sir." " Home late last night, as usual? Well, youth will be youth, I suppose i We must not be too hard on Edmund." " He was not home late, papa." " All the better. Perhaps hlie is turning over a now leaf. Good-morning, Mr. Gur nett." "God bless me i " said Mr. Gurnott, at the sudden discovery of Mr. Lanceford in the breakfast- room,--" and good-morning. Every promise of a fine day, sir." "Every promise. John," to a footman who entered at this moment, " will you bte kind enough to ascertain if we are to be favoured with the company of my sons at breakflst? " John departed with the message, which probably had the effect of hastening mat teors, for in a few minutes Nathan entered, followed by his brother Edmund. Nathan came in at his usual slow rate of progression, Edmund with a quick impetuous stop that took him past his birother, and seated him first at the table. Edmund had not paid any great attention to his toilet; his hair had booeen hastily brushed back in any fishion, he had forgotten his collar, and his necker chief was tied very loosely round his well shaped throat. His face had always boon a bright one in that room, but the life and light that morning were not there, and in iso place were a gravity and sternness very new to it. It was a dismal meal, and Mr. Lance ford's easy remarks on things in general did not cheer his family or Mr. Gurneott. Every one there Inow what had happened yester day, and who had set that strange expres sion on the features of the love-sick boy. Mr. Gurnett, who had not much confidence in Edmund's power of self-command-and very good reason that gentleman had for his want of confidence-sat and fidgeted, and glanced at his senior pupil out of the corner of his eyes. He played with his spoon, transferred it from the cup to the saucer and back again iialf-a-dozen times, stirred at an imaginary liquid in his empty cup, and finally ended by dropping theo spoon under the table. Edmund, who had not uttered a word in response to his father's observations, broke silence when the servants had retired. His deep voice startled three out of four listeners at least; even the fourth for a moment seemed to shrink. "Mr. Lancoford, I am going to London to day," said Edmund boldly. "To London- indeed ! " was the mild response. "Have you any objection to offer, sir ? " "You are rather preoipitate, I think," said Mr. Lanceford in reply; " but if you have any particular wish to leave I will "waive any objections I may have to your journey. Can Mr. Garnett excuse you? " "I have not asked Mr. Gurnott yet, sir." "Shall you stay long in London ?" "No, sir, not very long." " You will go to Mayfair, I presume ?" "No, sir." " As you please. Perhaps so large a house would be lonesome at this season of the year. Do you go alone?" " Entirely alone." "You will return entirely alone, of course ? " Edmund hit his lip and looked at his father steadily. Mr. Gurnett cleared off Nathan's butter-plate with his elbow. "You are young to visit London alone, and there is no toelling what acquaintances you may malke there," continued Mr. Lance ford. "I need not say, if you moot any new friends, form any new ties, 1 dispute your right to trouble me with them." "No trouble shall fall to your share, Mr. Lanceford." "Then go to London, Edmund, and my blessing, if it be worth anything, go with you. I am sorry to see you anxious for thire world and its temptations at nineteen years of ago; but it shall not be said the father was a tyrant, and sought to thwart the in clinations of his son. I ask no explanations of the motives for this mysterious journey. I am content to trust you--with yourself." "I thank your for your confidence." Edmund rose as he spoke, and marched quickly from the room. It had been an effort to face his father and not express a part of the indignation which consumed him; and hIis powers of self-command grew wealker as be sait thero. As the door closed after hIim, Mr. Gurnott cried, "Mr. Lanceford, are you doing right? Have you well considered the offects of your son leaving hIomo so hastily ?" "Let him seeoo the world, Mr. Gurnett," was tihe reply; "he will find in it much to amnuse him; a chansgo will do him no harm." " But-" " But this is a subject I would prefer dis cusinRg with you at a moro fitting oppor tunrity," said Mr. Lanceford, with a glancs in the direction of his sons. " I beg paridonI ; I was prosipitato." Mr. Lancofiord rose, iand stood at the opsin ]'rench winlrow. " WVhart a lovely sday, t[r. iOurnett i " Mlr. lansifoird stIOllppod itlo t l, snsuhinoe, and wont alsng the stion torratso thit run h finoe te liois;t, isit ihtaulbs its the uhockotss oif hie lrsi'.itngg)Iwn,. Mrt, Gtroietst, wilo took hisis litrtunt's ohi rva tion ncI )it a hint t, fuillow hsli , j,,isi.l huts oin t i t srr ',. M ',. (hnti tite , wihuin a littiti h i, urhIt l, wcs its wC s i ni t ui lsituli, tihd te sie p s w tri not vsry lio tha t wII u ) I'ilu i Jllll t ) Ii i rt ltIlltulsl, two uitt at thit I) t tl tn, :--i r' , I,*rl olbrl Its Ihisthh tsh.ihtguw-/in dtrli velvet skshul.'.sup, his tre:,l' firm, his form erect, his cNunton ance unrufflod; Mr. Gurnott in his ill-fitting suit of black, his thin, grey hairs uncovered, his stop irrogular, anl his face roprosenting a variety of emotions which he made no effort to conceal. " You will excuso me, Mr. Lancnford, if I repeat my question. f-ave you sulliciently considered the rosult of y'our eon's hasty act ? " "1I have sulliciently considorod the result of my refusal," replied iMr. Lanceford; " my son would fling away the scabbard, and declare war to the death. Hse would go without my consent. I road it on his face." "Do you really thinl so ? " "There was a look thereon peculiar to the Lancefords-a look that said, 'I have made up my mind, and there is nothing in the world to change me; balk me if you dare!' You may have soon that look before ?" Mr. Garnett had seen it upon the face of his patron only two nights since: then it ex pressed an iron resolve that nothing short of a miracle could shako. I- did not re spond, however, to his companion's question, but continued the old subject. "But-but, sir, this going to London. Does it not set him in opposition to you again? may lie not discover the object of his search ? " "I do not believe Mrs. AMernott and daughter will pro:eeod to London just yet. I have not the slightest fear that Edmund and his inamorata will meet for many years to comn. If they should- " "Well, sir ?" "If they should meet, Mr. Gurnett, how much nearer is my son to what lie calls his happiness ?-not a finger's length. I have played my cards too well for that!" "If you could only hint that the object of his passion is not in London." "lMy son and I have had no conversation on his passion ; Miss.Meornott may be a myth, and Mr. Edmund Lanceford's love of change-say even his objection to the harsh rule of Mr. Gurnott-may be his 'only reason for visiting the great metropolis. Do I," shrugging his shoulders, "know anything to to the contrary ? " Alr. G-urnott wrung his hands. "Ho is so young, sir; a lad not quito ninetoen years of age-a lad not the most steady, cast upon tho world at the very timo the ono romance of his lifo iB shattered at his feet!" nMr. Lancoford regarded theo tutor with a mild air of surprise. "You speak feelingly, MIr. Gurnett really, I was not aware Edmund Lanceford was your favourite, or that you took so great an interest in him." "I take an interest in any weaon and erring mortal, whoso whole after life may depend upon one stop," cried Mr. Gurnett; " and I have not lived hero so short a timeo as to take no interest in your sons. I feel as responsible for their future welfare in the world as for their education." " ' The care of the teacher is of no less consideration than his skill,' wrote an old English writer, I believe," remarked Mr. Lanceford, coolly. "Of the future welfare of Edmund Lancefordl, I warn you, sir-it is my duty to warn you " " Shall I chain him up -theoro is no other way to stop him." "Reason with him, sir-be his counsellor and friend. And you will pardon me, sir but I must speak my mind-be to him all that is implied by the holy name of father ! " " I am not a holy man." Mr. Gurnett wrung his hands again. "You will not take my warning--" "Mr. Garnett," interrupted Mr. Lanco ford, "I have listened patiently to words that you are not here to speak, and that im ply, to say the least, a doubt of my affeoo tion. I take no offence at it, but I wish to hear no more. I do not fear the world and its temptations for my son. If the teompta tions that may beset him wean him from his folly, I shall not regret his return a wiser man." "'You are wrong, sir-you are acting wrongly ! " "If Mr. Gurnott considers lie has any influence over my son, lhe has my full con sent to accompany him to London, and bring him back the same simple, virtuous youth he gobs away !" "I thank you, sir." Mr. Gurnett took Mr. Lanceford at his word, and hastened at once into the house in search of Edmund. He woent straight to the room of his senior pupil, and found him gravely packing his portmantoeau, and Willie and Nathan watching the operation. In the walk through the passages and up the stairs, Mr. Gurnett's excitement had had time to cool, and he entered the room in as nervous a manner and with as faltering a step as usual. " Mr.-Mr. Edmund, I have come to ask a very great favour of you ! " '" Well, sir-what is it ?" "Will you allow me to accompany you to London-not as a tutor, but as a friend ? " '.Rather a now character," remarked Edmund, closing his portmantonu and tug ging at the straps; "I'm afraid it wouldn't suit." "You are very young to go alone . " Edmund Lanceford, in his best tempers, had never cared to be reminded of hisl youth, and Mr. Gurnett's remark at that time was somewhat ill-considered. "Oh ! you want to join me as Mentor, with a white board and a big book under your arm, like the wise man in the frontis piece. I would rather be excused." "You mistake me, I assure you, Edmund." " Very likely. Have you anything more to say, Mir. Gurnott, because I am pressed for time ?" "Do I understand that you refuse my offer? " said DMr. Gurnott, sadly. "Most decidedly ; I have refused Nathan's-oven Willie's; where is the in ducemont to accept yours, I wonder? Yours hIs the only merit of Mr. Luncoford's pormission, I sappose ? " " Yes," absontly roplisld Mir. Gurnott. "I thought so,"' said EIImaisd, giving his porntmata l to a torrilbl l lll ll llon the Iloor;' " well, I: ala vlery Ilulch ohligld to you nl1111 Mr'. Lamcford, but, a T ahanuhl only give you the slip dliractly I ranolod olondoa, I wouldn't, advise you to arIne tl'ml lny JO I1 Illt , tl. (;IIa ll t \ illaa h.l w ; l hit hl ,I ,alI hill aflr, aal It lasl b'sa, aa1 he had ia lagin'l, olalll?ll ptu n lll y ?'Ihaa di, 'l 4 ll' ,s wa I la blh , iatl l lial but to wll' slliid,oj' tall ? 'I, lily li?,i Ilu[ d down the library, and regret his helpless foss. Edmund went away on horseback, and Nathan and Willie rode with him to the railway station. Jemmy Dornton, in a light chaise, weont on in advance with the portmanteau. Edmund had taken a formal leave of his fathor, who had offered his purse, and whose gonorosity had been coldly declined. At the lodge-gates, Mrs. Dornton and her daughter waited to wish him a pleasant journey, and the road for half a mile or so was dotted with the servants of the Limes, who had managed to drop there "pro miscuous-like." There is no keeping the truth from the servants of a large house hold; every one at the Limes knew Master Edmund Lanceford and his father had had a difference-that there had boon almost a quarrel, and that the eldest-born of the house was going away with a heavy heart. Everybody knoew, too, it was a love affair, and that a young lady was at the bottom of it-a fact that accounted for half a dozen housemaids hanging over the park palings at a bend of the road, and waving their handkerchiefs after him in quite a sisterly manner. At the railway station, and but five minutes to wait for the arrival of the up train. "I ,hall soon be at Uncle Pombereast's, Nod ; you will give me a call there?" said Willin, as they paced the platform. "No Willie-I think not." JTmmy Dornton came forward to bid his young master good-bhy. Jemmy Dornton know more of Erlmund's secret than the rest of Mr. Lancoford's menials, and having Iknown him from an infant in arms, had a greater right, he thought, to offer his advice. "You'll takco care of yourself in Lunnon, Master Edmun' ? " he said, as he came up with the brothers. " Every care, old Jommy-the right side always uppermost." "Aih! you doan't say that with the old wull-the old laugh," said Jemmy ruefully; " but I think you mean well. No more oemptying decantera, and smashing dessert plates, I hope, sir." Edmund coloured, and said hastily "All right, Jemmy-all right. Good day to you." " Thero be a pal-lal case occurs to me un common loiko yourn, Master Edmun'. There wor once a young friend of moine went to Luannon on a kind of wild-goose chase, and says I to him before he starts--" "TJommy, I haven't time to hear your story now. Here's the train in sight, and I have something to say to my brothers before I leave them." Jemmy touched his gold-banded hat. " All roight,' Mestor Edmun'. I'll take the liberty of wishing you a safe journey and soon home again, and Gord bless you, my Ind ! There, you doan't mind an old man loilk me-I knowed you when you wor such a little chap ! " And Jommy, sheaking his head discon solately, went out of the railway-station to look after the horses. Presently the train came clanking to the station, and Edmund shook his brothers by the hand. "I had nothing to say to you both, only Jommy's nonsense was becoming unbearable. Good-by, Nat-good-by, Willie." " When shall you return?" asked Nathan, when Edmund had taken his place in the railway-carriage. "In a fortnright, if the spell's broken-the Lanceford spell you spoke of last night, Nat," he said, with forced levity. " Ah! hut if it endurea--if you should meeoot her? " And Edmund Lancoford folded his arms, and frowned from under his hat. It was not a happy face that the train swept away from the eight of the brothers that morning. (To be continued.) 