BENDIGO ADVERTISER PUBLISHED DAILY. PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, SATURDAY, JULY 9, 1870 CHARGES AGAINST THE POLICE. MR. LONGMORE is possessed of what Dr. Johnson thought an estimable quality in a man, the being a thorough good hater; he will not be pacified until he has ridden his hobbyhorse to death, when he will seek some fresh Rozinante. Like that venerable identity, the ghost of Hamlet's father, though he be ever so much abjured to "Rest perturbed, spirit," he will swear, and that to the purpose. Such a man is of some value to a community. He is the Paul Pry who pokes the most prominent feature of his face everywhere, and delights in finding something which is not as it should be. Existence to him were gone if the abuses dis appeared, and every man did that which was morally and parliamentarily right. He would be like a physician, who is supposed to be the enemy of all diseases, yet would cease to exist were all mankind to become healthy. If Captain Standish abjured gambling, and all other manner of uncleanness, with which he is now charged ; if Superintendent Lyttleton threw his brushes and picture of "Norma," Mr Henty's little pet, "whose muscles and veins stand out well from the body," into the fire, and stood to his post like " the last man ;" if all game fowls, dice, and cards, were thrown into Hobson's Bay, for the pilchards to play with ; and if all the spirits were poured into the waters of the Yarra, to give the little fishes a chance of enjoying themselves for once in their life, then Mr Longmore would retire under neath the shade of his own fig tree, and breathe his last, paraphrasing Alexander's words, that there were no more worlds to be conquered, saying that it was time for him to depart when there were no more evils to extirpate. Mr. Longmore has been, however, of some benefit to the community, and we think in no regard more so than in his attack on the police force. We have already acknowledged the benefit he conferred in this regard, and we are willing to do so again, where we see any prospect of Mr. Longmore's tactics doing good. There can not be the slightest doubt in the world but that matters have not been as they should with the Police Force so far, more espe cially in the upper grades of it. With that part alone has fault been found ; the men have not been spoken against. Mr. Longmore moved for a select com mittee to inquire into the management of the Police Force on Thursday night, but in doing so did not bring forth anything particularly new. The general basis of his remarks were a reiteration that the heads of the Police Force were demoralised ; that Captain Standish was a betting-man of blackest dye, who could be ruined at any moment if his creditors chose to come upon him ; that Superintendent Lyttleton, instead of minding his business, idled time away in painting pictures of "Norma" and old " Gaslight," paying visits to Sydney for artistic purposes ; that the officers borrowed money from those under them, and played various other antics " before high Heaven " not at all likely to make them reverenced by the men, or cause the law to be looked upon as justice by that portion of the public who are most concerned. Much more serious than the charges of Mr. Longmore —to which the Chief Secretary replied that they were merely general, saying " the charges against the department under the consideration of the House were wholesale charges brought against officers of the police force as 'statements well known,' 'thoroughly believed in,' ' remarked by persons in Collins street,'—were the statements of Mr. G. P. Smith. Drawing attention to the lamentable death of M. D'Aloustel, Mr. Smith said that the man who was the main instrument of bringing about that melancholy tragedy, " was originally a servant in the employment of the Chief Com missioner of Police, and was a person of bad character. This man Carter, who was now dead, had absconded from the police, and, leaving his wife and family, had gone to Tasmania. He came back, and, instead of being dismissed from the force, as, under the circumstances of the case he might very well have been, he was put in the place of a con stable in delicate health who had been permitted to act as groom." Carter had, on his own confession, acted most reprehensibly. Mr. Smith further said— " Cases had come under his notioe in which detec tives had offered bribes out of their own pockets to persons to procure evidence for the conviction of prisoners,—by what authority did they do this? One detective had admitted in court that he had offered a woman £5 if she would obtain a confession from another woman confined in tho same cell on a charge of stealing £100 from a place in Little Bourke street. He had no hesitation in saying that if detectives were allowed to procure convictions in this way no man's liberty would be safe. A man was charged with the murder of a woman, and the chief evidence against him was that a comforter such as he had been shown to have been wearing was found under the body. The prisoner informed his solicitor that the woman had on the very morning of the supposed murder purchased a comforter of the identical pattern of that found under the body, and that the police were aware of the fact. The police constable in the case in his evidence said nothing about the matter, and it was only on cross examination, and after a great deal of pressure, that he (Mr G. P. Smith) was able to elicit that the statement had been made to the witness by the prisoner on his arrest, and that on applying to the storekeeper who sold the article, the man's statement was confirmed. The constable admitted he had suppressed this important fact." Such statements as these show the detective force in a light by no means creditable to them, and which certainly does not argue well for the giving of extensive rewards for the discovery of crime, seeing these rewards may cause the crimes. Besides, in how many cases has crime been com- mitted, when it could be prevented, merely to glorify some officer, to make out one of the detectives a smart fellow. Tho great object of tho Police Force should be to prevent crime not to punish it. They Bhould aim more at lessen ing the number of criminals by carefully watch ing the budding of crime, rather than making the country maintain a crowd of lazy prisoners. The gist of the Chief Secretary's replies to the charges brought forward was that none of them were direct enough, but he promised to investigate some, although there were others which he declined to entertain. Now, no doubt, there was some prudence in this on the Chief Secretary's part, and it was perfectly right to object to vague rumors which can be made every day, and are often not easily disproved ; but at the same time there is not the slightest doubt that it also was exceedingly difficult for Mr. Longmore or Mr. Smith to substantiate their charges, even though they might be perfectly sure that they were in every particular true. The very fact that such charges were made against men holding such high positions as Captain Standish and Superintendent Lyttleton, showed that where there was so much smoke there must of necessity be a great deal of fire. These general charges ought to be quite enough to induce the Chief Secretary to institute a searching inquiry into the conduct of the officers of the Police Force, and maintain a strict sur veillance of their actions. As Mr. Smith very correctly said—" If a police force was to be properly and efficiently conducted, and to enforce the law, its heads must be persons of high moral tone and influence. The present heads of the Police Force, by their amusements and pursuits, wero too much allied with the amusements and places from which our criminal classes sprang." How is it possible for police men to strictly enforce the law against men and women who are the bosom friends of their superiors ? It very reasonably may be con- tended, on behalf of these officers, that it is their duty to mix amongst the demi monde and the fast world. But although they may be forced to mix surely there is no necessity for them to become as bad as those with whom they in duty associate. The conse quences of such conduct must be really alarm ing, for when that section of the public who are verging upon crime see the censors of crime act in this manner, what can they but conclude but that there is a law for the poor and a law for the rich, that crime is only crime in the poor and but fastness in the rich. Our police officers and our police must be of a much higher standard than those persons depicted by Messrs. Longmore and Smith, and if their charges are but at all correct, the time has come for a radical change. As it is, no doubt, the drawing attention to these matters in Parliament and the Press, will tend to cause the officers complained of to mend their ways and be wise in time. DEFAULTING JURORS.-We understand that the fines of LI each recorded against six non-attend jug jurors on the 10th June, at the hospital inquest, had been duly forwarded to the Crown Law Offices, and that coats will be incurred in any case should those fiues be not paid into the Sand hurst sub-treasury on Monday next. We mention this for the information of the parties concerned, whose names have been inserted in our issue at the time. THE INTEREST TAKEN IS MINING now is so considerable that we hear little of small^ atten dances at meetings of companies. Last night, at the meeting of the Monday Company, "20 share holders, representing 18,650 shares, out of a capital of 20.000, attended, and took a great interest in the proceedings. UNIVEKSALISM.- The interest which the lecture of Mr Leech on Universalism excited is not to be allowed to subside, for it will be seen that a reply to the principles he enunciated is to be given by the Rev J. Nisb, on the 13th inst, at the Wesleyan Chapel, Forest street. This lecture is to be tbe first of a series to be delivered in the same place. THK " WEEKLY TIMES" for this week contains a fair amount of readable matter, and there ^ is issued with it a fine engraving of Mr Higtti botlmm. We understand that the proprietors intend continuing to give a series of portraits of eminent men. The Sandhurst agent is Mr Dawborn, View Point. EXAMINATION OF TEACHERS.-An examination of teachers and candidates for employment in common schools took place yesterday at the Pres byterian School, Myers-street, which was con ducted by Mr T. Bolam, district inspector. There were 33 present, 7 candidates being for the first division and 26 for the second division of compe tency. The examination of candidates for the first division was not completed, and therefore it will be continued to-day. CONSTABLE OUTINGS RE-INSTATED.-V\ e un derstand that Constable Gittiugs, who has been out of the police force since the affair with Considine, has been re- instated as constable, and it is rumored that he will in all probability be stationed in Melbourne. A RUNAWAY.-Yesterday the horse of Mr Brandt, Bridge street, took fright in the Mall and with tbe cirt attached to it, the animal proceeded as far as tbe White Hills before it was captured. The ouly damage done was tbe breaking of a municipal lamp. BOROUGH COUNCIL.-At the meeting of the Finance Committee of the Borough Council yesterday, arrangements were made for the dis tribution of prizes at the forthcoming examination of the pupils at the High School. 'I he subject of Messrs Vabland and Getzschmann's claim on the i Council for designing tbe new market was brought i up. It appeared that Messrs Vahland and Co had informed the Town Clerk that unless they were paid two and a half commission on the contract, in addition to the amount awarded for the success ful design, they would take legal steps for the recovery of the same. ; TO KNOW.-Some months since su art ' union "was got up in Melbourne for the benefit of the Benevolent Asylum there, Mr Sandilanus, Mayor of Sandridge, being, we understand, one the principal promoters, but nothing has since been beard of it, and the Sandhurst subscribers very naturally want to know what has become of it, as no answers to their letters have been recoived '^EAGLEHAWK POLICE COURT.-Mr J. Cogdon, P.M., attended at the above court yesterday, and granted tv/o beer licenses to Jonathan Carter and Elizabeth Tracey respectively. THE WBATHKB.-The thermometer registered in the shade, yesterday, at Messrs Joseph and Go's Pall Mall, as follows:-9 a.in, 38°; noon, 43° .' 3 p.m, 47"; 6 p.m, 46°; maximum, 48°; minimum during the previous night, 36 . Barometer-9 a.m, 29-590 ; 6 p.m, 29-550. BENDIGO PEBMiMnsi LAND AND LUILDING SOCIETY.-The secretary, Mr James Burnside, reports as follows-.-Amount received for the month, L560 16s 3d ; amount advanced in the month, LoO. Eleven new shares taken up. MEETING THIS DAY.-Enterprise Company. Mr Lane's office, at half-past seven o'clock ; General Havelock Tribute Company, Mr Barker's office, seven p.m. THE INTEBCOLONIAL EXHIBITION.-A notice has been issued by the Secretary of the Inter colonial Exhibition to be held, at Sydney in Au"uat, to Victorinn vignerons, inviting them to 'forward exhibits of wines, and with particulars respecting them as to locality, variety, age, color, character, kind of soil on which grown, &c;, and for the supplying of which information it is only necessary to fill up a certain form. Exhibits are not to be less than six bottles of each description of wine, and entries must be made to the secre tary by the 23rd instant. A LIVELY COUNCIL MEETING.-The Kilmore Free Press, speakiu;; of the meetings of the Borou"h Council of the place, remarksThe Council Chamber, ou nights of meeting, seems to be the rallying point for all the low fellows of the town, who appear to come there lor the express purpose of showing off their wit and cleverness at the expense <>t their most unoffending fellow towsmen. At almost every meeting of the Council the business is interrupted by these half joltin"-whole-earnest vagabonds who continually infesf it, and the Mayor has again and again threatened to have them expelled the room. Practical jokes of every description, yentnlo quiam exhibitions, and sotto voce remarks w the general character of their amusements, but they very often descend to obscene lunguage and insulting behavior. Surely some remedy can be found to put down this nuisauce." 