GENERAL NEWS. Tho Kiama Pilot gives tho following report of what is said to bo a supernatural appearance : — ' Ono night last week, a young man waa coming from Shoalhavon, when hj behold what he be liuved was a ghost, or something very like one. On crossing Mount Pleasant ho was riding leisurely along, tho night being dark, but suffi ciently light enough to discern objucts, whun, without any previous intimation, I113 horse started at something. Simultaneously a strange noise was heard, and, on looking down to tlu side of the road, ho beheld tho spocirv. The head was only visible, and lie describes it as be ing larger in sizo than a cow's. The ears wore as long as a person's arm, while the oyes appear ed as large as a man's iiat, and kent whirling round and round. The horse iinmodiatoly started, and did not hold till near Kiuma. Wo havo been informed that another individual ob served something startling one Sunday night, not long ago, about tho small hours. Hj tvns returning homo, and whun betwoon Alouut Pleasant and ICiama, a creature iu tho form of a man, about six feet in height, with black stripes down each of his legs, and minus a houd, made its appearance very near his horse's head. The individual looked at it, and continued his course, but several times ho noticed it following. him at a brisk pace. Ho immediately put spuis to his horso, and tho ghost taking tho hint (juic-ionod his pace. Thoy raced for some distance, wheii, suddenly, tho spoctro ''vanished into tho air' Such are tho circumstances as related to us. We refrain from giving any opinion 011 the matter They wero related to us in all sincerity on tho night of tho occurrenco, and tho witness was very nervous, and ;- all of a shake.' Tho only conclusion we can arrive at iu that the anoctru might havo boon 'Parkus' Ghost' taking a tour round tho beloved constituency. ' The following special prizos wore offered at the last meeting of tho Northern Agricultural As sociation to be included in tho schedule of prizes for 1870 : — James Whito, Esq., five pounds for the beat six tins of the best preserved Australian meat, and five, pounds for tho boat assortment of colonial tweeda j Francis White, Esq., two pounds to tho owner of the best Durham bull, and two poundB to the owner of the best Hero ford bull, belonging to freehold or tenant far mers, occupying not more than 040 acres, in eluding grazing land j G. J. Cobb, Esq., a silver cup, value- three guineas, to the owner of the champion fine-woolled ram, and two pounds to the owner of the champion coarse- woolled ram, both sheep to bo solected by the judges of these respective departments from amongst the sheep exhibited ; the association's priao, for the best assortment of agricultural implements, was sup plemented by George Loder, Eaq., by the amount or tnree pounds. To Keep Milk Sweet in Hot Weather.— Mr. Charles Harndt supplies the following to the Qiiccnslander :— ' As soon as tho milk has lost tho animal heat, which will bo in about threo hours, fill it into clean bottk'3 ; close up the bottles with corks dipped in fat j havo a flat bJttomed boiler ready, doep enough to hold water sufficient to cover tho bottles j put hay or straw at the bottom, and all round tUo bottlua a» they are put iu ; then fill up the hnilnr with cold water, and put it upon tho firo, awl hoat it gradually until tho boiling point is roached, and let tho bottles cool in the water. The milk will keop for months.' Tho foregoing looks like an efficient means for preserving milk. The season, observes tho Gm/ton Examiner, appears particularly pcolitio in hailstorms. On Tuesday last, another rather severe storoi, of hail, with a driving wind, passed over Grafton, pausing great destruction amongst tho viuos and fruit t-oes. It appeared to be vory local, and fortuately confined to a small aroa. Tho gardons and vineyards presented a wretched appearanoo after tho storm, having sustained considerable damago ; at tho Hermitage, the vines in many parts were complotoly stripped, and the ground litorally strewn with the fruit ; somo glass in different parts of the town, was also broken by the force of the driving hail, which was followed by a rather heavy shower of rain. A M elbourno telegram in Friday's Evening News Bays : — There waa an extensive conflagration in Flindors'-st,, last night, at Mr. Mills's saw-mills and timber-yards, opposite tho Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company. A great deal of property waa destroyed ; but the damage is covorod by insurances to the extent of £6000 in the Sydney, Victoria, Australasian, and National Insurance Company's Office. Messrs. Solomon and Co.'sstono store, adjoining the tiinbor-yard, was also burnt down, resulting in a loss of £9000. It is not yot known whothor tho property of Messrs. Solomon and Co. was insured. The Government of New Zealand contemplate having a submarine cablo from that colony to New South Wales, ' A. deaf and dumb Polynesian boy, says tho Queensland Express, is now in the Brisbane Hospital. He was brought from the island of Mii, by H. Ross Lowin, in the King Oscar, in November, 18G7, and has boen working under an agreement till he met with an accident that required surgical aid. No doubt this ' immi grant' perfectly understood tho terms of his agreement, and sau.slied the Inspector of Poly nesians 011 that point. A correspondent, writing from the Dubbo dis i rict, in ref urenco to tho crops, aays : — ' ' Tho farma around Dubbo, tho wheat paddocks on the Mar thaguy, on the Cnstloreagh, and especially at Cobbora, on the Tulbragar this season, have been pictures to look upon. It is certainly against the froeselector ; but it is a fact that ration flour is now being sold at tho Dubbo mill (Moffatt and Davies'J at £12, and fine flour at a 14 per ton. At this mill 40,000 bushola can be ground an nually, and it is estimated, allowing for largo q'uantities that will bo Hunt to Mudguo and Orange, that tho whuat grown in this district ? will keop the mill at work for this year. Wa havo any amount of hay. Tho laud is good enough for anything ; it is tho season which baulk us. Improvod agricultural machinery and a system of irrigation will balance, to a great extent, the influence of a bad season. We grow maize, onions, and potatoes, and near Dubbo there is a largo vigueron (Sorisier's) which gives every promise of buing this season a successful ?peculation. 