! ././(TniE/GHdST BiD THEhi:'.,'. i yim .ii.fi3," V: i.-j-YOUNGERj !'1 , 4 -- - -. '-J (From Oooe-ai WeVk j !-' . : When .wile; tlip firsrghbst' story/ told'? - At, what period iU the world's infancy did.tlio minds of man first fcol tho drorid' 'doliglit; tho awful attraptipn, whicU modern scepticism lias deprived ua'all bf/ ox- riept children and village InsscB ? Wo confess wo caqnot toll. ( 1 And inBtoftd of cbilecting scattered frog/ moots from nntiauitv.. we, subjoin a translation of ni ghost stqry.iporfcct and qomplote/.of Itke rcspsdlablo rige. of qiglitcori' conturios/- which so torriGod tho calm ' philosopher, /Tliriy, .of, C.hristion-Iinting. reputation, that he wroto to , bis friend ;Suru, tbe; consul, to ask wbethor it could be, true. . So, exnotly 'doee this story correspond in all the ghostly elements to nuthantic narratives, .which inundate tbo'wastopapdr brisks Ib of mngnzino. editors- every; Christmas/ that wo cannot think .it. tbo. first, attempt of-tho invention in the direction. c Foots must have livod' before Homer, 'and dealers .in;, the. snpornaturab -must have- traded . on riirinfs love for tbo marvellous long before the time bf-EIiny's, informant,; : Wo . meet with-gliosts in -the "Iliad," and iEsehyjas twice introduces t bom on the stage. . 'Indeed, tho. boliof In their ripponrauco nri- turolly .arose, from. itlie idea that; untifia man-was/de1'; eently: !:buriod,' i old!. Charon - would : hot-' conyey ' liis soul across the slimy Styx, but loft it tpsqiieak arid gihbor on Ibis side the stream. lrenCo'- it-Was 'coriii' devod a greritor crimo at'Atlicns to lcavo a parent nri-, buried than", !t6 allow, hitri to' stftrvo to death.1 "Arid1 that" beautiful play of oplipcleSj/iii nhicli Antigone suffers denth rather tb'011 leave her. brother's, corpso unburied, bad. fy far.groatcr.,oharm iu Fagaii|Athons than it can' hrivo in'Gliristian Eriglarid. ' But' we ..nro; digrossingT , Hero" is/tlie'promised ..story,) froiri-ithe. tworitysoypntH epistle 6rtho soyenth, book jofEltny, the'yourigbr'ik/ ! '' ' 1 / : Tliore wri3.rit'Atbens'/a|lipusc,!largo and spacious, biit with ,'ri bad' nrimo. In tlio silence . of- the pigli t there Vqri w'brit to bo fieard' iri.'U tlio rattling , of irpp,": rind," if ypri, listened more. ritt'eritivoly,. the. olash of, oli'siris; 'Hist at ti distanco,, tlieri: bar'd»by., . ; Frcseully there appeared /ft gliost—rin old ;riian,/lcunTaii(l. squalid, With' foug bcard arid roifgli liair; - Ho';criTried- fottors, on, liis. logs and gyvosion his wrists, shaking them as he walkod.,,, -Hence, ovory night was spent in , wakoful, terror by. tho.inliabitanlsr ! Sickness fol-' lowad yigils/nnd daath eicknossi - Fjr ovcri'during the day-time, though .tliopliantom'lind departed; the recollection > of it.olung to : them; arid the ' terror lasted: longor than tliat . which /caused, 'it. ' i Accordingly tlio bouse was.dcsortcd, condemned to .solitude, ,and entirely, gtyon/up-ltio tholspoatro. - 'It 'was 'advortised, novortboloaSj.jto bo let pr. 8old, in caeo anyone; mot knowing tho cirorimstarices/ should be willing "to pur- clinao;.':: ' --i" ' ' "!j-i ; Atboriodorus. the philosopher; oariio to Atlioris, road' the notioo, askod tho torms, rind baring bis suriplcipria' rousodby tbo low price, mado iriquirios/nrid hoard tliri" wholo story. So far from shrinking, bo took tlio house all tbo moro oagorly,/ . . \ "Wlion ovening drew near, lio", 'ordors biapouoh ' to be placod in the front room, "calls for ft writirig-. tablot, a Btylo, and alight-, dishiiflsWail liis atten dants, and dovotcs his attention— eyes/ ! liorid, "arid .liarida— to writing, lest his mind, boing unemployed,' should conjure up fancied sights and'sounds. ' At first there was tlio silcnco 'of night, .deep/ as olsanlicfo ; then tho clash of iron arid tho rattling of chains. Ho neither raisod his cycs. nor rolax'od his stylo, but fixod his attention upon his work. 'The clink grow louder, cams' nearer, and, sound.ed, now at tho door, now: within tho room/ | IfoSlopk's up, socs and recognises tlio spoclrp .described. It stood and -beckoned witli its hand, as if calling' him. ITo mado a sign with iris fingor for it to wait a littlo, nnd again sottled down lo liis triblots and stylo. Tt rattlad its obains at bis hoad as ho: wroto. He' looked up, again,, making the same sign as before, and with out. further, delay took tlio criudlo and followod.1 It walkod with Blow stop, as if woighod with tho chains. Aftor turning into tlio courtyard of tho kouso, it aud- donly slippod into tbo cartli nnd disappeared. Ho piled some, weeds nnd lenvos to mark tho spot, rind; :tlio rioxt day, goirig to tbo magistrates, advised! them to ordor tho placo to , bo oxcayatod. A akoloton wns found, tho flesh rill wristod away by putrefaction, rind tlio bare bonos bound in fetters and chains. It .was taken up nnd publicly buried; and after that 'tbo house was no mora troublod. . , . . A style was a'substituto for a pcni' it 'wiis used to writo on -a: wopdeni (ftblot, iOOTored- 'with aithin coating .qf pax, , and tboroforo .had only- one sharp ppirit/" 1'J": - 