NEWSPAPER WRECKS. UNDER this head the San Jose. Mercury makes some very just criticisms in reference to newspaper enterprises in San Francisco, which have proved failures. The day has passed byin which misrepresentations will deceive the people. There must be something1 substantial given to the reader-not disgraceful trash which tends to cor rupt the community. Men will have the worth of their money. So with advertising. Men have been hum bugged into paying large sums of money to journals of small circulation, for which little benefit has been derived. We have, however, commented more at length than we intended, so will turn the reader over to the extracts from the San Jose Mercury, which read as follows : " There seems to be a strange fatality attending the newspaper business in this country. Especially is this true of San Francisco; although, perhaps, other towns can show a corresponding jour nalistic mortuary record proportionate with the number of their inhabitants. * * * * All will remember the old Mag, that with much real but unbalanced talent, splurged and splat tered for a year or more, and then gave up the ghost. It really deserved a better fate. Its heart was sound, but its head was wofully out of gear. And then came the Times, a tolerably solid but intensely prosy daily-excessively moral and intolerably stupid. This had a run of several years. It was a fair appearing sheet, and people had begun to regard it as a newspaper fixture. But it never paid expenses, and when it was finally absorbed in the fat and imbecile Alta, the public really felt relieved." Here follow comments concerning a journal which yet lives, but as the balance of the article is a mortuary record, we exclude them for the pre sent. The most complete wreck, and one over which the right-thinking portion of the reading public will shed the fewest tears, is that of the Everting Tribune. Obscenity was its strong Buit. It catered to the depraved appe tite by reckoning everything vile. Its columnR fairly reeked with human depravity. Its editor could see no bright side of human affairs ; all was ghoulish and ghastly. The influence of such a paper could not be otherwise than very bad. It met with a just fate. " Men seem to have fewer ideas and less sense ill newspaper matters than iu any other line of business. In other pursuits, training, practical expe rience, and peculiar fitness are regarded as essential pre-requisites ; but about every third man thinks himself capable of engineering a newspaper. Notwith standing the wrecks that bestrew the shores of journalism, we doubt not there will be other fools who, from time to time, heedless of past lessons, will engage iu the pursuit, in San Francisco, outside of any public demand, and who will meet with the same fate as that of their defunct pre decessors." 