THE BROKEN HOME BY LEON LEWIS. CHAPTER XXXVI. FATHER AND DAUGHTER. THE noise made by opening the door caused both Mr Preblo and Pecksley to turn their regards in that direction. They beheld a slender figure, loosely draped about with white, one hand protruding and holding out the gloaming hunting knife, while from the midst of winter and fluttering folds ft pale face looked out Pausing in the uncertain shadows near the door, her countenance full of a suppressed excitement, the fire light flickering on her knife blade, there was indeed something spectral and unreal in Hetty s appearance, and, considering the traditions of the old Morderick House, a wiser man than Pecksley might have been pardoned for thinking her a visitant from another world. He glared at her with eyes which every in- stant dilated yet more wildly A look of incredulous horror mantled his lace with whiteness, and he gasped for breath, panting like one who has run a race Hetty advanced a step nearer, moving like a shadow. Pecksley put out his hands as if to guard himself, and tottered backward, his hair seeming to arise on his head, and an abject terror taking possession of him " The ghost the ghost '" he muttered inco- herently "Oh Oh" Hetty raised her arm, holding the knife menacingly and a groan issued from her lips. This was too much for Pecksley With a wild yell he sidled to the door, not daring to withdraw his fascinated gaze from the eyes of the supposed spectre, gained the threshold, and dashed over it into the darkness without. Hetty remained standing in the same attitude for some moments, fearing his return, and then, her glances drifted toward the bunker. He was sitting upright on the bench, his face as pale as her own, his chest heaving, his glances full of excitement It seemed to Henry that he was about to faint, and she stepped out into the full glow of the fire, and said "Do not fear me, Mr Preble. I am no ghost -only a girl who has been shut up in this house by an enemy, and in making her own escape intends also to rescue you ' ' A low, gasping cry broke from the banker's lips " Let me release you," said Hetty, with tender pity " No doubt your limbs are cramped from their long confinement " " I shall feel better in a few minutes, I think," he said, in a low tone I am very dizzy." 1 Had we not better be moving, sir ? ' asked Hetty, after a short silence Pecksley may come back at any moment, or Ben Greddley may come I Do you feel well enough to walk a" Mr Preblo arose and moved swiftly toward the fireplace " I cannot walk far, he said " I have not the strength But there are horses in the stable which we can take Can you sit a man i saddle ?" " Much easier than I can walk from here to Sacramento," replied Hetty, smiling " If you will sit down again, I will go out and saddle the horses and bring them to the door, provided Pecksley hasn't taken them " " I will saddle the horses," said Mr Preble. "That is not a task suitable or safe for a delicate young girl " "But I am used to such tasks," protested Hetty, " and I am not afraid of horses Besides, Mr Preble, you are not able to do it " She moved toward the door as she spoke. The banker was obliged to submit to her decision, his frame being racked by pains consequent upon his long and painful confinement. He felt it difficult even to walk a few steps, and knew that he had little strength to waste in preparations for departure, as he would require all for his journey Hetty stepped over the threshold into the yard The night had fallen-the glorious summer night, bright with starlight, the garden was full of shadowy looking bushes, but no- where among them could Hetty detect the form of Pecksley " He must have been so frightened that he ran away from the place without the intention of returning she thought ' He is, no doubt, well on his way toward Fremont ' She hurried to the stable, and entered it, leaving the door open to admit the light The horses were both in their stalls The saddles and bridles had been tossed into the manager of an unoccupied stall Hetty drew them out, disentangled them, and quickly and dexterously proceeded to saddle the Horses. The task was soon accomplished Hetty then, taking the bridles into her hands, led the animals toward the kitchen door, secur- ing them to a tree at a little distance from the door She had scarcely accomplished this when she heard a sound as of stealthy steps, accompanied by hurried breathing, somewhere at the foot of the garden. Halting in the shadow of a bush, she watched and waited The sound came nearer and nearer, and soon she saw the moving figure of a man it was Pecksley, who had crossed two or three fields in his mad flight, but upon whose frenzied brain had at that juncture dawned the necessity fast horse. He had returned to obtain one, and had also summoned courage enough to attempt a peep into the kitchen, being anxious to know if the ghost had inflicted any mortal injury upon Mr Preble Hetty took the alarm, and glided into the house. The banker was walking slowly back and forth, having regained full command over his limbs. He had taken a draught from Peoksloy's flask, which had fallen upon the floor at the moment of the man's flight, and had consumed some of the provisions from the stores on the table He began to feel more like himself, and an unwonted vigor, born of the necessities of his situation, began to transfuse itself through his system He started at Hetty's quick and silent approach, but welcomed her return with a fatherly sort of smile " Corner, Mr Preble," said Hetty breathlessly, " Pecksley has returned HO'B in the garden. The horses are at the door We have no time to lose" Mr Preblo picked up the hunting knife, closed it, and put it in his pocket. He then started toward the door "Hush" said Hetty warningly, putting up her finger At the same moment a creeping step was heard outside, and a frightened face peered in at the door the face of Pecksley Apart from his superstitions, the man had sufficient natural shrew dress He looked, with projecting eyes, of Mr Preble, who was standing erect and unbound-gazed at Hetty as if he could not credit the evidence of his senses marked the girl's thrown off disguise, and comprehended that he had been cleverly duped " It's a girl after all," he muttered, still half incredulously, " a bona fide flesh and blood girl. She was wrapped up in a sheet Where did she come from What is she doing here ? He mounted the steps cautiously, on his guard lest the ghost should have changed its shape merely to compass his destruction, and at the same time he discovered the horses in the shadow of the tree " Oh," he said to himself, with a great breath of relief " It's only a rescue, after all Lucky I came back I've been nigh to losing everything in my scare " He felt in his pocket for his pistol, and in his bolt for his hunting knife, and boldly stepped upon the threshold, exclaiming " That was a clever trick of yours, Miss, but it won't work further Mr Preble is my prisoner, and so are you till the boss comes. You had better surrender quietly " " I set up pass, villain < ' said the banker sternly, drawing out the hunting knife, and opening it "You see that I am armed and desperate. Stand aside !" " Not by a long chalk !" declared Pecksley "You don't know me, Mr Preble You had better give up-you and this pretty ghost ont will be the worse for you " As he spoke he drew his pistol. * Hetty, startled but not daunted, picked up the 'stout iron poker from the hearth, resolved to sell her liberty dearly. "There no way to get out of the house except by this door," said Pecksley, with savage triumph. " Now let's see you pass me !" He advanced a few paces into the room, still, however, guarding the way to the door. Mr. Preble hesitated. He dared not attempt to force the way out, for he knew that when it came to a personal combat he would have no chance whatever against the stout and brutal Becksley. Lassie," he said, calmly, turning to the girl, and speaking in a whisper too low for his enemy's ears, " I will engage this ruffian while you fly and procure help. We cannot both go. You shall save yourself, and me too." Hetty was on the point of replying, when a noise was heard in the yard. She turned pale with apprehension. "Too late !" she murmured, despairingly. She was right-it was too late ! The words were yet on her lips when a sound of cursing was heard without, and Ben. Greddley, furious and bewildered, stumped into the room, and stood glaring at its inmates. CHAPTER XXXVII. HERE UNINVITED VISITORS. THE amazement of Ben. Greddley at beholding his house thus occupied, and Hetty at liberty, for some moments held him speechless. He looked from Hetty to Mr. Preblo and from Mr. Preble to Pccksley, and then he found voice to ejaculate : " What does all this mean ? What have you released that girl for ?" Hetty shrank nearer to the banker, the terrors of the situation half- paralysing her. Mr. Preble comprehended at once that this intruder was Hetty's persecutor, and retreated a few paces toward the hall-door, carefully maintaining his guard. Pecksley stared at Greddley, and seemed to recognise in him a kindred soul. He answered gruffly : " The girl released herself that's how it was. And she's released this old party hero who is under my charge. That's what the row is about, stranger. If the girl belongs to you, take her and be off!" Ben. Greddley eyed Pecksley from head to foot with a contemptuous sneer. " I haven't no call to go !" he observed, coolly. " But you can take your own advice. I don't want to interfere with your little game. Take your ' old party' and vamose this rancho !" Pecksley's coarse face grew flushed with wrath, and he squared about, drawing his revolver. " I won't stand no impudence !" he observed, menacingly. "I'm in possession here, and I mean to stay !" " Against my will ?" inquired Greddley, drawing his own revolver. Pecksley laughed contemptuously. " Your will !" he sneered. " What does your will amount to Who are you. any how ?" "I tell you I'm the owner of this place!" reiterated Greddley, angrily. " Crazy Mary is dead, and I bought the place of her nephew, who heard it. I'm Ben. Greddley of the Five Forks Tavern-that's who I am. And this girl Here is my cousin !" Pecksley lowered his weapon. " I see you're speaking the truth," he said, in an altered voice, and with a more respectful manner. "We come here thinking that, as no one lived here, we had as good a right here as anybody. My. boss will be up in the morning, or some time to-morrow. Suppose you let us occupy the kitchen till then ?" " I can't do it!" asserted Greddley. " I've got to be back home before daybreak. I am wanted particular by that time. The fact is we expect company, and I must be home to receive 'em. I've got to leave my cousin here, and I don't want you nor your boss in the house. You'll have to start !" *' 'won't be an easy matter to capture them two," said Pecksley. " Tell you what, Mr. Greddley, I'll help you if you'll help me. Let's combine our forces and capture our couple, and I'll take the old man on his horse and be off, and leave you and your girl in full possession. Is that a bargain ?" Greddley reflected a moment. "You can't told me who you are yet," he observed. " My name is Pecksley. I'm working under a boss, and I can't tell you about him, but he has his game to play as you've got yours. I don't inquire into your business, and you needn't into mine. Only help me to capture Mr. Preble-" " Mr. Preblo !" echoed Ben., recoiling. "Yes, the old party on the stairs." " Mr. Preble !" repeated Greddley. I see it all now. I see your little game ! It's as plain as daylight. Mr. Preblo !" His face glowed, and his eyes sparkled. Pecksley eyed him in dismay. "What do you mean he faltered. " I'll show you what I mean. This Preblo is a party I've been wanting to see. I may have to block your little game, friend Pccksley. I'll see what the old party himself says." Pecksley measured the form of Greddley with his eyes. The innkeeper was both taller and bulkier than himself, but he had a wooden leg, which turned the scale in Pccksloy's favor. He made a hostile movement toward Groi dley. " Stand back !" cried the latter, peremptorily. "I'm not so feeble as you think. If we are to have war, I'll have to strip for it !" He stooped and hastily unbuckled the thongs ¡ which confined the wooden leg to his knee. Then, thrusting the supplementary limb into a deep pocket of his coat, he stood upright, so large and brawny and savage that the amazed Pecksley involuntarily quailed before him. " Then you are not lame at all in the latter faltered. " Not at this particular moment," replied Greddley, coolly. "Have you anything to say to me?" " N no," stammered Pecksley. " You can travel you can, stranger !" " Then we'll see Mr. Preblo. Is he armed ?" Pecksley replied in the negative. Greddley went to the hearth and withdraw a Darning brand from the fire, and holding it above his head, advanced into the front hall and halted at the foot of the stairs up which the prisoners had retreated. Pecksley followed him. " Mr. Preble !" said Greddley, looking upward at the two figures on the top stair, in the darkness. "That is my name," said the banker, calmly. " You are the banker of San Francisco ?" " The same." " I see you don't know what to make of mc," observed Greddley. " The fact is, I am the owner of this house, and the cousin of that girl. I am not mixed up with any of your business any way, but I'm willing to befriend you, if you and I can agree on terms." " Say on !" said the banker, eagerly. "I'm a young man, just starting for myself in life. I'm going to be married soon to Betty up there, I'd like to get money to stock a farm, and if you will pay me what I ask I'll release you !" " What do you demand ?" inquired Mr. Preble. Greddley hesitated a moment, turning his gaze abstractedly upon Pecksley, who was eyeing him treacherously. " Ten thousand dollars not a cent less !" said the innkeeper, at length. "For that sum I'll set you free, put you aboard your horse, and see you safe on your way to Sacramento. Is it a bargain ?" The banker reflected. He knew that unless he paid the required amount-or promised it, which amounted to the same thing Greddley would join Pooksley in an attack upon him. The brutal countenance of the innkeeper told him that its owner was incapable of justice, or of honorable feeling, and that his heart could be approached only through his pocket. "Suit yourself,". said Greddley, carelessly. It's for you to decide which is worth the most to you your money or your liberty. If your wife is in the hands of your enemy, you know best whether or not to hasten to her rescue." I have not ten thousand dollars with me," said Mr. Preble, slowly. up the red to ise ox savage , still, tempt then it we no brutal s girl, r his while she. len a 1 pale y yards rising rious and hold by at ideas. from send you the Mr. Tudor d a ain they, IOUI. areas, of is 1 to red, 'ice. me. o!" path led, d I Icy, tire " I didn't suppose you had, after passing through such hands," observed Greddley, with a nod at Pccksley. "I'll take your cheque, though, for the amount. I don't believe you would go back on your own signature, especially after taking an oath to the contrary. Will you give me a cheque, or a note for the amount ?" There was no alternative. Mr. Preblo was obliged to these terms. " Yes," he said j " if you will let us go at once, I will give you my note or cheque for the amount you demand, and I will give you my solemn promise that the money shall be paid on presentation of the note or cheque. Have you paper and ink ?" " One word first," said Greddley. " You said us.' Who is was ?' You and Peeksloy ?" " I included this young lady, of course." " Why ' of course ?" sneered Greddley, you with sudden uneasiness. "She is my cousin, and betrothed wife. She cannot go." The banker turned to Hetty. "What is your wish my child ?" he asked. " Oh, take me with you, Mr. Preblo !" pleaded the young girl, clinging to him. " Take me with you, or I shall die !" "I will not leave you, Hetty," he exclaimed, with determination. " I will defend you as if you were my own child." He turned his glances upon Greddley, who stood at the foot of the stairs." " You hear ?" he said. " She prefers to go with me. I will not leave her behind." " She shall not go !" exclaimed Ben. Greddley, "She must be my wife. She was all well enough till that Adrian Thorne came along. She's got her ambition up to be a city lady, but it won't do. I've got the first right." "You have no right in the matter," said Mr. Preble. " This is a free country. The young lady can marry whom she pleases." " You think so?" sneered Greddley. " That's all you know about it. I'd kill her before I'd lose her." " I'll make the sum fifteen thousand if you'll allow Hetty to accompany me," said the banker. " Not for a hundred thousand," said the inn keeper ; " nor for twice that. She is worth far more to me. She is worth to me," he added significantly, just so much as you are worth, and as much more as her good looks 'II fetch. Now be lively. Make up your mind to go without the girl, or to stay. In the latter case, I shall come in with Peeksloy. Take your choice. As you said, it's a free country, and I won't try to influence you one way or the other. I can't dependent on no ten or fifteen thousand dollars. Why, he added, boastingly, " I expect to have three times that before morning, all in hard gold. So make up your mind quick, as I've got to be hurrying home." " I've already stated my decision," declared the banker, firmly. " The young lady must go with me." Then stay, and be hanged to you !" cried Greddley. " I've fooled long enough with you. I've got business at home, and I've no more time to spare. Peeksloy, I'm your man. I'll come in with you to seize your doting old banker, and I'll take the girl and be off. She'll be safer back at the old tavern, since everybody seems to be making a rendezvous of this old place. What do you say, Peeksloy ? Shall we wind this 'ere business up ?" "That's the talk!" exclaimed Peeksloy. " You take your girl, and I'll take my man. Shall we pitch in ?" Greddley assented, and looked fiercely at the two figures on the stairs. "Come! You may as well drop off your perch up there, you two. Come down !" "You'll have to come after us," said the banker, quietly. " I'll send a summons first," said Pecksley, raising his revolver. " How will it suit your master to have me shot ?" asked Mr. Preble. Pccksley lowered his weapon. " That's so," he muttered. " The boss hout no use for a dead man. A dead man can't sign cheques." " You mustn't fire," exclaimed Greddley. " I won't have the girl endangered. They have no fire-arms nothing but a knife and a poker. Let's take them by storm." " Tell you what," said Peeksloy, " there's nothing like a bold onslaught. Let's make a rush." Greddley assented ¡ and with ready ingenuity, thrust his torch forward almost into the very eyes of the banker. The smoke and the heat and the rod dancing flames temporarily blinded Mr. Preble. Before he had recovered his sight, and while he was striking out blindly with his knife, Greddley had hurled himself against him, borne him down to a prostrate position, and stood above him triumphantly. " Here's your man, Pecksley," he shouted. " Now for my girl." Peeksloy, who had been kept back for the moment by the narrowness of the staircase, now sprang forward to grasp Hetty. The girl retreated, the house sounding with her shrieks. " None of that, miss," growled Pccksley, pursuing her. "You'd better yield. The old party's given under, paid we're two to you one." Hetty replied only by brandishing her weapon, and by repeated screams. " There's no one to hear you," said Greddley, savagely. "Or if any passer-by should hear you, she'd think the ghosts were screaming, and would hurry past the faster. Pecksley-, don't be so afraid of the poker. GraSp her!" But the advice was not so carefully put into practice. Hetty eluded Pecksley like a will-o' the-wisp, end rained down I Iowa upon him with the heavy poker, exasperating him to the last degree of fury. "The little demon!" he muttered. "She won't escape me this time." He pursued her along the upper hall and cornered her. Capture then was easy, and he led her to the stairs, where Greddley, still holding down his captive, awaited them. "The her up first," said Greddley. TI of little fire-ent. And then come and help me bind this man." But binding was not so easy as it seemed. The recent bonds of Mr. Preblo were in the kitchen, and Ppckflcy set out for that department, half carrying his captive with him, she continu- ing her frantic struggles and her wild screams for help. They had passed in this manner half down the staircase, when a loud and sudden tumult was heard in the kitchen, and two men burst into the hall, bearing brands which they had snatched from the fireplace. These men were Adrian and Yip. A single glance at the figures on the staircase sufficed them, to take in the situation. Flinging down their torches, they dashed up the stairs, their revolvers in their hands, Hetty and the banker were released at once, their captors engaging in a fight against the in- truders. But the fight was brief. Ben. Greddley, recognising our hero, did not wait to test his skill and courage, but, intent on his own preservation and on the execution of the plans at which he had hinted, rushed past the new-comers, nearly upsetting them, fled along the hall and through the kitchen, and was soon heard riding furiously along the road. Peeksloy, thus deserted, recognised that discretion was the better part of valor, and made good his own retreat, also riding swiftly away. Adrian and Yip turned their attention to those whom they had SO timely rescued. " Hetty 1" exclaimed our hero. " Hetty hero ! I thought it was Mrs. Preble." He held out his arms, pressing the girl to his heart. Mr. Preblo arose, and Field out his hand, smiling. " Adrian !" he said. Adrian started. " You here, Mr. Preblo !" he ejaculated, grasp- ing the proffered hand. " Is it you and Hetty whom we have rescued ? I thought Hetty was in Sacramento, and that you were in San Francisco. How came you up here?" " Hardwick telegraphed to me in MM. Preble's name," said the banker, " and I fell into his trap. I came out at once. He took me captive to-day and shut me up in this house, Miss Hetty was a prisoner here when I arrived.' " And you know that Mrs. Preble is missing ?" asked Adrian. , at her get fro ful time "I Ad "le eli i can 'J soo sad Pee Adi have a had to Adi truth aske men about tion: the I his I hope Find mine Ihn If his t attire Hctt Li upon trave A the t him I have from the d draw "'J of to pete way In fact a night "I two n think not be for of Mr. 5 Adi taking. heard "T The blind for a i that if they i province But the di lead 1 the bo "Hi COBOh I I was The singly. Yes. I have the clue to her prison," said the banker. " What providence brought you here at this critical juncture, Adrian?" "After leaving Hetty at Sacramento," returned Adrian, Yip, my friend here, and I went back to the Five-Fork Tavern, having the idea that Mrs. Preblo might be confined within it or in its neighborhood. We arrived there last night to find her. and the old woman out. The party he was sitting in his chair, and we seized the opportunity to search the house, even to the old mill-race under the wing. We found human bones in the mill-race, and trinkets and finery and pedlar's goods in an upper room, but no trace of Mrs. Preblo. Then we went away, apparently satisfied that the Greddleys know nothing of her disappearance, but secretly resolved to watch their every movement. And so, when Ben. Greddley stole away from the tavern to-night, we followed in close pursuit, keeping as close to him as we dared, and believing that he was proceeding directly to the prison of Mrs. Preblo. This idea was confirmed when, as we came near we heard a woman's screams. I believed the voice that of Mrs. Preble. I did not dream of finding you here, Hetty," he added. I thought of you as safe at Mrs. William's. My poor little girl, how you must have suffered !" He clasped her close then gently released her, and retreated down the steps. " Our first task is to search for Mrs. Preble," he said, picking up the dying torches. " I am very uneasy about her. Thank heaven, Mr. Preblo, that you have the clue to her whereabouts !" "And my child ?" cried Mr. Preblo in a choked voice, yet with eager manner. Adrian, have you found her? Have you obtained any trace of her my poor, lost Jessie ?" Adrian looked up at the banker and at Hetty. " Come down," he said, gravely. " Come into the kitchen, and I will tell you all I have learned." CHAPTER XXXVIII. A MYSTERIOUS STAGE. inn for Ided 6th, tch ith o, I 3160 by an't lars ave and got red to red or ore I'll or, ifc is to see and by be the THE young man's face grew jot gave, his manner more thoughtful " Understand me, Mr Preble," he said, "I have not yet sufficient proofs of your daughter's identity These must be found later, jet I know I am morally cor tam-that I have found your child Listen I have found a young girl, brought up in a back region, who strongly resembles Mrs Preble This young girl was taught to consider her ignorant and brutal pro- tectors us her parents Providence, taking pity on her, gave this child a friend, who educated her, and brought her up in an atmosphere of party and, intelligence Uns girl discovered that these people, to whom she was compelled to return in her girlhood, were not her own parents They then pretended to her that she was their niece, and fabricated a story to prove their assertion " " Oh i" breathed Hetty I have inquired into this girl's history can turned Adrian, still pale and grave, " and I find that she made her first appearance in this region when she was three years old-" " Jessie's ago when she was lost'" said Mr Pi else, breathlessly " I find that at the time she was richly dressed, and wore a necklace, better than befitted one of her pretended parents' means I find that the man who brought her here the man who exercised a constant supervision over her without interesting himself in her personally the men who came punctually early in every August to see her, when she was compelled to return from Sacramento, that he might believe her brought up here in savage ignorance, UB he had directed the man who took her away this very August, and who intended to marry her I find that this manners Hardwick Mr Preble," he added, gravely and simply, " after fourteen years, here is your child '" The bank cr looked at Hctfy m anemone and bewilderment " My child my child " he whispered, holding out his trembling arms. " At last ' At last'" Hetty sprang to his embrace He wept over her, he caused her, he invoked blessings upon her, and at last, weak with emotion, he sat down upon the bench, and not even then would he permit the little glossy head to leave his bosom " Oh, Jessie, if your mother were only here " he be earthed " And she knows nothing of this What a glorious surprise for her And to think I did not know you from the first, when you looked up at me with your mother's oveR ' and I met you and where but in this misery, with all 8 I my thoughts distracted, I know that my heart I would have claimed you I have feared so 'I much, little JCBMO-und you are pure and loving and intelligent '" He put her a little away from him, that he might look into her face It was faccofwhich a father might have been proud, for to its rare beauty was added an expression of fine intelligence and the eyes were lighted with radiance from her glorious soul Just now the face was full of an exquisite tenderness and sweetness, that st in ed his heart to its depths "I am impatient to be gone, ho 6md,atlonglh "I mu impatient to take my child toller motin r Adrian, let us go But first, my boy," he added "Let me thank you for your kindness to my chill Her brother will thank you better than I can " The horses Adrian and Yip had ridden were soon at the door One of the horses Hetty had saddled was there also, under the tree, but 1 Peel she had taken the other t "Only three horses to four persons," said Adrian standing in the door way " Hetty will have to ride behind me until we can pensioner a horse, or I will walk while He try rides " " We will n le together," said Hetty, blushing It was so arranged Mr Preblo was assisted to mount, Jetty was placed on her lovely 'shores, Adnun their mounting, und Yip leaped into his bed He ' Charme we to look for Mrs Preble" asked Adrian ' At a house belonging to one of Hardwick's men, named Wi\ It is on the Sacramento, about seven miles from the city and near to the house which Hardwick himself occupies under the name of Burra t I learned thus much of his mind Pcckslu " " We shall easily find the place " said Adrian, hopefully "Our route will take us past the I in York Tavern, where Hetty suffered so much, but we shall not stop Mrs Preble and I had a to urge adventure there he proceeded to narrate all the particulars of his trip state is living home, Mr Pn ble listening attic natively, Mil w til eyes fixed for oftener upon ll(tt\ t him the man in or Leaving the by-road at length, they came upon the mum load, which was far easier to travel A little below the junction of the two roads, the travellers beheld inadiuncoof them a heavy limb ring stage coach, who'otop was laden with a navy boxes of the 1 mil used for bringing gold from the mines Two monotone of whom was the driver-Bat upon the box 'The blinds were drawn, the interior of the coach seeming vacant " That must be the convoy of gold we heard of to day, Yip," said Adrian " It has been expected for some days I think the Hugo Ililli winners were waiting for this stage-for the fact of its coming leal ed out a week ago on the night they attacked Hetty and mo " " It would be foolish to send gold with but two men to guard it," observed the banker " I think you must be mistaken Adrian Would it not be well, as Jessie seems tired, to take seats for her and for me in the coach, while you and Mr Tip ride alongside Adrian assented, and they rode faster, over- taking the coach As they drew near, the stage halted, and they heard the driver exclaim " Three men after us ' Con it be--" There was a stir inside of the coach The blind was softly raised, and a group of heads was for a minute visible The travellers noticed also that the boot scorned agitated, and they fancied they saw eyes gleaming out at them from its promises. But us Hetty was soon on nearer approach, the drive and the man at his side burst in a loud laugh, and an absolute silence enveloped the body of the stage. "Have you two unoccupied places in your coach ?" inquired Mr. Preble, riding alongside " I want them for my daughter and myself" The driver looked at the questioner search- ingly. for so( 101 do not stir hug me like But has on I "Ci He his new guise V ther like! mist Still lay f I tin the ashes does in doers go the then Tli JOCtlC out of Capt. Th and t " Got no room," he answered gruffly. " This isn't a passenger coach it's chartered to take gold to Sacramento. Can't be bothered with passengers. The travellers fell back, disappointed. " Not a passenger coach !" said Mr. Preble, addressing his companions. " I'd like to know what it is, then. It is full of men. I am positive of the fact." At that moment a volley of rifle shots rang out ahead of them on the still night air. CHAP TER XXXIV THE SHirWBECJi. OF GUILT Tnr travellers rapidly approached the scene of conflict every feature of which in the bright moonlight became plainly visible to them long before they reached it "The coach is attacked by the Three Highwaymen, sure enough '" ejaculated Mr Preble At this n moment a dozen sharp rifle shots again rang through the night mr " The vigilants are in earnest," exclaimed Yip spun ing his horse in advance " We shall be in at the death No Three Highwaymen nor six even could stand against such a force Yip' lip" A breathless eagerness fell upon the little party as it again neared the stage, and not a member of it spoke until they drew rein beside it the fight was over, and the Three Highwaymen were stretched upon the ground-two dead, and one dying. Adrian s quick glances detected the thick rope stretched across thread to stop the progress of the coach, and then his gaze was turned upon the actors in the wild scene There were more than a dozen men, dressed in plain flannel garb, with keen and resolute faces, and determined eyes 'they work member B of the Vigilance Committee, which had been organised for the purpose of capturing the Three HiLJiwajmcn Then loader was Captain Hole by, he who had rescued Mrs Treble from her prison under the Wax cottage But one or two of the men were wounded, and that but slightly It was a weird scene Hw three masked and prostrate figures, surrounded by a dozen stern faced men who were hghtingtorclic* and outside this circle our party of travellers high on horse back, and overlooking the vigilants "Pour off their masks ' ' Bald Captain Dolby, stooping on one knee beside the larger of the two dead highwaymen, and holding his hand torch above his head " Cut the strings, Wil kio 'There ' ' Mask and wig fell off together 'Now who is ho?' order Captain Holby, letting the red glare fall full upon the dead face andstnrmgeyes "Does anvoncrccognisohnn?" A cry came from Hetty's lips, as she bent forward in her saddle ' It is Mr Greddley, of the Five York Tavern '" she exclaimed A groan came from the wounded highway man and he turned on his side "He Tivo Fork Tavern keeper'" emulated one of the vigilants "Old Greddley "The paralytic '' cried another "So it is' His paralysis was all a sham ' V he would have imagined it ' Who are his accomplices' ' ' We will soon know '" said Captain Holby, grimly, arising and proceeding to the next "Wilkie!" Wilkie came and removed the mask and wig of the Boojnd highwayman A white, drawn face was exposed to view, and a scanty quantity of long, coarse grey has fell upon the ground "A woman by all that's merciful'" each loved Captain Holby, recoiling Another cry came from Hetty, who turned sick with terror "Mrs Greddley ' ' she said "A woman' cried Melba "She was a fiend in human shape He took out his handkerchief and spread it over the coarse dead f co-perhaps rcmcniLor ing that this wretched creature belonged to his mother's BOX and then he turned to the last of the three Highwaymen, he who was dying Wilkie cut the cords confining the mask, but the dying man fought for IUB disguise with a wild and desperate energy, using the last flicker mg remains of his strength. Wilkie overpowered him, tearing the mask from him " Ben Greddley '" said Not ty, in a faint voice ' He is the son of the others " The dying man turned his glances again upon Hetty Do prove to speak, still looking at her, but he effort was vain Then a great sigh burst from his lips, a jet of blood spurted from a wound in his breast, his limbs contracted and he was dead' The vigilants, shocked by their discovery, re- named standing around the dead outlaws " Strange we never suspected the Greddleys'" said Captain Holby, after a pause "But after all! it's not strange'" exclaimed he market neighbor of the Greddleys One was a woman one pretended to be a parallel, and the third wore a wooden leg How could o suspect them? lins young woman here, he identified them," he added, looking at letty, " may be able to tell us more about it in She is Miss Greddley, daughter of tin Idea man and woman, and sister to the younger Ireddloj " licit} instinctively shrank from entering the discussion The bind or came to her rescue on mistake," he said, with quiet courtesy This young lady is my daughter Miss Pnblc " "Preble'' repeated Captain Dolby, coining >rw and his face lighting up "Are you the un Tuuiciaco bunker, so the Ellen "Did you meet Mrs Preblo in Sacramento ' hotel H lbv full of interest and curiosity the bud or stared uncomprehendingly 1 Do JOH know anything concerning Mrs ebl so The demanded, eagerly Holbj emits 1 " I will tell you all I know," he said We id information that a certain Wix, who likes tim run about seven miles from thou was suspicious character, BO 1 and two or three of by men called there on our way up to meet the FIND in which we came here We found, shut ) in the (cellar of Way's house, a very whose 0 name of Mrs Preble We ieleii»cdhor, and escorted her to the next house, where once our Binbera-Wilkio hero-lives And there wet for, expecting that Wilkie's folks wool 1 get c made to San ments, which place she was in time to reach " Mr. Preble tin no I cn¡,oilyto Will do "And you took Mrs Problo on to Sacra- into 9 he asked I was not at home, sir," replied Wilkie re Htfully "I was on my way to the reader is to join our members who were coming MI in the stage and my wife and daughters 1 soul had gone to the oily todo trading tim died long before I left home The la j must of remained at my house to night with my thor, who was at home all day, or else, very U, she went on to the next house, Mr rut's-" Burret's '" ejaculated the banker in dismay Yes, in Mr Burret is a wealthy man, and horses and boats He could have sent her to the city as well as not But nts!' reported All Problo, alarmed Could you lead us to his house, Mr Wilkie? s Burn et is my deadliest enemy My wife in power I will not readily forget your kind i, and will reward it handsomely, if you will be up to Burret'e house." t ilkie reflected It B no wojB certain that Mrs Preble called e," he said " Mother was alone, and most y prevailed upon her to stay all night, pro ing to send her to the city in the morning, I will guide your party, sir, if you will do letting out for a little while the truth is, in a part of the committee ought to search live Fork Tavern, which is only a mile d We may find traces there of the mur and plundering of the Three Highwaymen " Wilkie is right," said Captain Holby, with non. " We will-a portion of our number on and search the tavern, while the rest of mon follow with the bodies Wilkie can go on with you, Mr. Preblo " to banker, although anxious, made no ohms to this plan, and with his party he got or the Five York Tavern, in company with an Holby, Willie, and two others of tavern was closed when they came up, The windows were darkened. < "Looks as if the folks had gone to bed," said Holby, dismounting, and trying the door "It's locked We shall move to boot the door in " an entrance was soon effected, and the whole party entered the kitchen It was cool and pleasant, the fire having died out on the hearth Atoll candle was burning in a lantern on the mantel piece, but its rays were dim Captain Holby seized the lantern and scorched the pantry discovering a bar. of candles These were distributed and lighted, Adrian, Mr Preble, Betty, and Yip also being pr sided with them " Now, scatter over the house," said Holby " Wilkie, you and I must scorch the old mill loco under the wing lou, boys, take the cellar Mr Problo, if you and your party are inclined to help us, suppose you some eh up Stairs Any signs of murder 01 of plunder, are what we are looking for there must be some traces of then villany and we must find them So Ttiy many have disappeared from the midst of the community, and so much anxiety has been felt about whom, some people hinting that they have run away, that any non s of them will be a relief" He beckoned to Willie, and departed for the price which he had assigned to themselves The other two vigilants descended to the cellar Adrian conducted his party up stairs I made a flying search of the house last night with Yip," he said, "while two of the Greddleys were absent I have something else to search for now Hetty, dear show us Mrs Greddley's chest the one that contained the little garments and trinkets " Hetty comprehended, and led the way to the front chamber " She kept it in a closet off this room," she said, opening the closet door ' And here it is," she added, indicating a small rod chest of deal which was soon broken open, and discovered to be filled with trinkets line garments, lings, several watches and chains, and other trophies of the Greddleys' nefarious trade In the very bottom of the chest, a little package was discovered, labelled " Hetty " , Adrian handed tins to Mr Pi able in silence The bank ei opened it, disclosing a little white embroidered dress, a grey ribbon sash, and a small paper box filled with child's jewellery Mr Preble examined the latter with trembling hands "My wife would know the di ess," he said, "but I bought the child's trinkets, and should remember them " There was a pretty and delicate gold necklace, with a tiny locket clasp, and a pan of uimlotsto match, having singles clasps " I remember these," the banker murmured I gave them to my child on her third birthday I had a pretty mess, that of enclosing her picture in the lock out of the neck lace, and conscious of her mother and myself in the pockets of the aimless thinking she would prize them when she grew to womanhood Look " He touched a spring in the noel loco locket, revealing a tiny likeness of a lovely little fairy, with floating hair, and wide astonished eyes Underneath the picture, in microscopic letters of gold, was the one word, " Jessie" who pockets of the armlets disclosed the portraits after a minute pattern, of Mr and Mrs Problo, both looking younger, jot not more handsome than now in their pi no " It did not need this proof of Jessie's iden- city," said Mr Problo, smiling fondly on his child "But they make assurance, doubly sure ' That is for your mother's eyes, Jessie," he added, caressing her " We shall soon see her now, let us hope God has cared for us so well that I know he has not deserted my poor brave wife " Meanwhile the two vigilants in thocellor were moving similar discoveries, and Captain Holby and is like were equally fortunate in the mill race, dealing up the mystery of more than one singular disappearance, so far as the discovery of human bones and scraps of clothing could do it At length the search was concluded, and Wilkie announced his readiness to depart A long, hard ride brought them to Wilkie's house, which was dark and silent, its inmates being asleep. Wilkie soon roused them, and, hong effected an entrance, went in search of his mother. He corro book to the group on the verandah, the old lady following in a strangely mixed at tire " Mrs. Preble is not here," said Wilkie, to joining his new friends " No," said old Mrs Wilkie, " she was in such a hurry to get to the city that I sent her on to Mr Barrett's I saw her go into Buuots goto," sho added, " but though I watched quite a while, I didn't see her come out " "Quick, thou'" cried Mr Preble "She is [here ' ' He hurried out and mounted The others, in hiding Wilkie, followed him quickly, looped upon their horses, and set out swiftly for Bin ot's house " CHAPTER XL. A 1010 D3 KEsTOHATIOI. THE hour was late Hardwick, gum and thoughtful, was seated in a lower room of his house, his arms folded before him upon the table A shaded lamp burned upon the mantle piece, shedding a full glare of JILJII upon the face of a small bronze clock, whose noisy fiel mg filled the room A quarter past 12 '" he muttered "And Why has not come yet What can doom him ? I told him to bring Preble's man bore and son (ino him in my ce! or, and then to seek some trace of the and of the Five Fork Tavern something of importance they detain him I cannot go till he comes Well, well, I need not grow impatient the father and mother me in my hands It will be easy to acquire the girl!" " How I have planned and plotted all these years" he said to himself " And now I am making the fruits of my labors The end is near " also appeared the words, laughed softly to him self as if they chased him At that moment a low peculiar knock was heard upon the frame of the long French window " It's Wix," he muttered-" Wix at last I" no arose, went to the window, and opened it As he expected, Wix stood outside. He came in with an air of exhaustion " At all said Hardwick impatiently Vux flung himself into a chair, breathing heavily " Why have you been gone so long'" do manded inn dwick " I expected you bore hours ago I intended to start after the girl this very night, and be fore dark " " I couldn't come sooner," said Wix sullenly " I brought the man line as you ordered, and locked him up in your collar Then I went over to see an old woman and change my clothes, the that he had got so hot, and aftermath rode on to the Ino Fork Tavern " " Well, and uhutdidyoudiBcovoi ? Was the girl there'" " There won't o BOUR have." declared Wix "But there must have been the old man was, or said he was, a paralytic " " Can't help that, Mr Burret There won't no paralytic there, but there was an empty in Yard's chair, and a wooden log tossed into in the house was dark as pitch I climbed in at a back window, and went poking around, and tell you there wasn't no one there " " Humph ' Gone to see the girl-old Groddloy and all ! I've long had my suspicions that the old fellow was shamming it, and that he was no morooparuhtio that I. And Bon too ployed lame Couldn't you find out where they had gone ?" " No The bosses were in the stable, so I calculated the folks hadn't gone far I hung round a while, and then travelled back I'm 'about tired out, Mr Burret I've been in the saddle since day break." " And you'll have a hard day of it to-morrow," find Hardwick. "Thutgirl line got to be found, if we have to seize Ben Greddley and put him to the torture to find out. But gold is a cure for all diseases, and the best salve for bruises. You shall have plenty of it, Wix, when the girl is found " Wix brightened up, and expressed his thanks. " What's that noise ?" asked Hardwick, start- ing. " Someone is coming. Who can it be ?" He moved toward the window to close it, when a heavy tread was heard on the verandah, and Peeksloy, pale and panting, burst into the room "You bore' ' ejaculated Hardwick Pecksley sat down, haggard and exhausted " What has happened ? ' thunder ed Hardwick "I told you to stay at theModonck House until Wix come to refer of you Has Problc'a fright killed him Peel sley shook his head " What then ? Has he escaped ?" Pecksley nodded "Thunder and fumes'" celled Hardwick " Escaped ' Dscopod ' How ? V hon ? " to-night '" who posed Pecksley, finding voice "Speak Can't you talk, you idiot' half shrieked the bottled villain ' tell me all you know, and be lively about it " He made a movement toward Pecksley, which frightened that already excited ludiwduuhiourly out of his senses , " To night," whimpered Pecksley, his courage fairly gone at this end is of affairs, as I was going to get supper, the hall door opened, and a bigger appeared all dressed out in white, and a holding a kmfom its hands dripping blood-" " What foolery is this cried the maddened Hardwick, with a from " Come to the point " "I thought it was a ghost," said Pecksley, desperately "I always was afraid of ghosts I feel or could face 'cm chow All my family's soon 'em And I run out into the yards and across the fields, but busby I got up courage to go back for a horse The kitchen door was ajar, and I looked in And there I saw a beautiful young lady with Mr. Problo, and he had out his bonds, and was making much of him. It was she that played the ghost " "A young lady at the deserted Mordcnck House' ' exclaimed Hardwick "Is the man mud ? ' "No," whined Pecksley "I'm in my right mind I am indeed I rushed into the kitchen, and told 'cm they are my prisoner And just then another chap came in, and told me he had bought the house, and I must take my man and make myself scarce He and the girl was his cousin and he had shut her up upstairs-" " His name ? ' often noted Hardwick, his eyes blazing " Who was he ' " Ben Greddley " For an instant Hardwick was speechless " And she was there in on upper chamber, while I was in the kitchen with her father'" he ejaculated, when his first rage had spent its force 'Tool' idiot' dotard that was . Win didn't I search the house I should have had my two buds in hand at once thou Oh, this is maddening ' What else, Pecksley ? Go on " Pecksley wiped his wit forehead, and continued " This Greddley offered to sol Mr Preble free for ten thousand dollars, but they split about the girl Mr Preble wanted her, and Grcddloj wanted her So, as the banker refused to go without her-" " Death He must suspect " " Greddley called out to me that he and I'd stick together," pursued Pockehn unheeding the interruption "He pitched on to Mr Problo, and I seized the girl, and just then in comes two monotone of 'oin that Adrian 'Thorne you told us about and Grcddloj made his escape I couldn't do nothing alone against so many so I too fled " " Adrian Thorne again '" muttered Hardwick " I owe him a grudge He won't cross my path more than once more before I govern with him So you left them all at the Mordonok House?" " Yes, sir, but the horses were at the door, and they were ready to shut The bunker has found out I don't know how-that his wife was at Mrs Wise's He'll be bore with his party within on hour " "Found out How has he found out ? novo you played the traitor and Hardwick grasped his pistol." No, no If I had, would be bore ?" "It's well for you you haven't'" muttered Hardwick I punish treachery with death ' Do you hear that with death and he looked at the two men with eyes that seemed to scorch them " And they are coming here ? he a Idod, walking the door excitedly "They must not find me here I must take the woman, and be off With her in my possession, all is not yet lost, with her in my hands, I can get get the money I have demanded " He reflected few moments and then sail " Wix, go and provision the sloop We'll be off in her directly I'll go up the coast There are plenty of secluded spots where Problo would never find me " Wix urOBO at once to obey the order "Now, PockBloj,"said Hardwick, "come with me up stairs I may have difficulty in getting Mrs Preble to go with us in short, force may be necessary to compel her submission " He took up the lamp, and led Pi cksloy up stairs, Wix proceeding into the kitchen to procure stores for the sloop Armed at Mrs Preble's door, Hard wick and locked it, and entered the room Late us was the hour, the lady had not yet so Late as was the hour, the lady had not yet retired She was sitting by an open window, looking sorrowfully out into the night, and watched by the savage dog below She started up as the intruders entered, her cheeks flushing with a quick indignation " What means this intrusion this hour, Mr Hardwick ? she demanded haughtily "It means, madam," returned Hardwick, " that you are to set out immediately on of journey "One journey Wlicro?" " That remains to be seen, and the William "Now the question is, will you go down to the sloop with rain quietly, or shall I be compelled to gag and bind you ?" " But why are you going adhesions ?" asked Mrs Preble "I did not come here to argue but to act!" Mrs Preble's quick wit supplied the reasons heroromy suppressed His perturbed appear once, his excite ment., his haggard unity all convinced 1 of that the proposed journey was a flight, and that some friend pel hops Adrian was adventures to her rescue She resolved to delay his going till the last moment possible with a hope that rescue might come before it was too late "One mc a few minutes to myself, Mr Hard wick," she said quit the "Not a minute!' he returned, on Higher suspiciously "Put on your bonnet and some" " W hit has gone wrong? ' inquno 1 tim lilly, slowly uttered himself us be directed " This has my husband escaped ' ' Hon ihvK k's bitter then told her that her random guess had struck home He in suf)'" she murmured, trembling "J bind Heaven for that I can bear any thing now '" "You are sure of that '" he demanded " We will see ' What is Morton Problo's liberty worth to him without his wife What one is worth to him the possession of his child, when the mother-" Mrs Preble interrupted him with a joyful cry " She is found, then ? She is safe and with her father BIll grasped " My child '" " Yes, for to night But the scale will turn again late going to find a hiding plot of for you w store no one will ever find you until I choose to release you And again I shall gain possession of your child! Don't expect too soon, Mrs Problo I shall have matters all my own way jet!" "Don't be too sure'" said the lady. "Preble is ahead of me on two scores to- night," he said savagely "Butlot him tremble The end is near !" he added, speaking again the words he had spoken BO hopefully below. " The end is near Ayo, the end was near I The words were yet on his lips when a hasty trump was heard on the stairs, and Mr Prokle looped into the room at the head of his party I " Safe ! Safe ! Oh, my wife I" he owed, spring- ing toward her, and clasping her to his heart " Sly brave, noble wife !" Mrs Preble laid her head on his bosom man ecstasy of joy and relief. Hardwick looked at them both like a tiger baffled of his prey, and then he drew his revolver. In an instant Adrian Thorne and Mr. Wilkie had torn the weapon from his grasp. " A happy reunion !" said the villain, foaming with rage "A very pretty scene As I am not wanted here, I'll take my departure !" when and oom d wick until right Muk ding half jou Inch early stage was md u rid u owed me sley, OStB Ilya and rage we can bid him back 'gilt on, just had and Ina i eyes 901, i ." its 'In and his Adrian blocked up the door way " You can't pass out ' ' he said sternly " We are not yet through with you, Mr Hardwick '" Hardwick glared at Adi ran, but did not speak. A greyish, sickly pallor overspread his face, and his lips took a bluish tinge "The game is up I see" he said hoarsely. "I have but one request to make Morton Preble. How did you know I lived here under the name of Buried How did you find out where Mrs. Problo was?" " Why, Pecksley told me '" "Pecksley is the traitor '" he said, looking at his man " And I punish treason with death'" With the quickness of a 11 Fish he drew his knife and leaped upon his confederate Pecksley, with a yell of terror, drew his own knife, and stood on the defensive There was a quick, sharp combat, and then Pecksley fell dead upon the floor ' Hardwick stagger to his feet, the blood gushing from a wound in his side, the hue of death on his cheeks "I'm done for " he muttered "But the traitor is dead ' Morton '" Mr Preble drew a step nearer " I've made you suffer, haven't I?" he asked. " My levi ago it is Hourly complete If fortune -had not plat ed me false." he panted " Oh, curse the luck'" With a look of hatred in his eyes and a sneer of hatred on his lips, Hardwick tell at Mr. Pro she's not dead ' John, Mr Preble's faithful servant, was discovered in the cellar, and promptly released He accompanied the entire party to San Francisco on the following day his heart over flowing with honest joy at the sunshine wind now flooded his master's so long darkened her Wix fluid (but night, and was not again seen. Mrs Wix, however sold her place soon after, and it was shrewdly surmised that she had gone to n join her husband in New Mexico to which locality he was supposed to have transferred his peculiar talents Some three months later one November even in, a large party of family friends assembled at the residence of Mr. and Mrs Preble The house was brilliantly illuminated, and wreathed and festooned with flowers, as befitted the occasion Dr Hutton was there, radiant and full of a delightful self importance He whispered to more than one intimate friend that he was personally concerned in the joyous affair about to take place, for he had been called in to counsel with the bunker and his wife even before Miss Jessie had been found and brought home again. A little later, two bridal couples entered the drawing room and stood before the monster Of these, the first coin) rised Adrian and Hi by the former noble and handsome as ever, the lot trim, in her win to silk robes and drapery of floating face, slim, and sweet and blushing After their climb Yip and Mrs. Wilbur, the latter attired in a pail colored silk, the former fairly bubbling over with joy From the expression of both their fact is, it seemed that the good widow had accepted the eccentric aquirrol-tamor, and was about to take him for better or for WOl so." The younger couple were married Drat Then Yip, who responded to the name of John Davis, was mann d to Mrs Wilbur. The impressiveness of the occasion was sadly marred by the honor of squirrel into barks which leaped from the lips of the simple minded Yip, and the damage caused by this manifestation deepened into a laugh when Yip gravely supplemented the gifts bestowed upon the brides with several of his favorite squirrels, which he produced from his pockets, out of which their bright eyes had shyly pooled throughout the ceremony "This is a happy night," said Mrs Problo, when the guests had withdrawn, and the newly married couples were left alone with the banker and his wife " wiped mean Mr Davis and his wife, who are dear to us from their kindness to Jessie, will come often to see us, and Jessie we shall hut of alwayS I am glad she married Adrian, Morton I could never have consented to let her go is our us Ah, how sweet the sunshine is after all our hours of gloom '" " And it is a sunlight that will never fade, said Adrian, clnapiiiL, Ina blushing, white robed wife nearer to him " Our enemy is gone, and we have loved to abide with us, a love that can never do " "That's so'" ejaculated the squirrel tamer, putting her arm around his wife's plump waist. " And I'm mighty glad that my first love jilted me. We wouldn't one of us change places with a king" Tim i Ni) " new is your wife to day ?" send a friend to n French gentleman "Oh, mother do pim," said he " she is no better, and I am 'afraid very little was If she is gon to die, I wish she would do it soon I feel so unhappy my mind is so much upset to Yon who die I shall not be SO much dissatisfied " Nitt Omi AM) relates n enan of absent mindedness A gentleman, writing a letter at his breakfast table, dipped his pen in the coffee his breakfast table, dipped his pen in the coffee and continued his letter noticing his mistake, he put a large lump of sugar in the ink, and then, finding his second blunder, poured the contents of the inkstand into the coffee cup to set it right A rabi, writing in a Glasgow paper, says - English women have become tired of the monotony of being beaten to death by their husbands, and feel that they are entitled to the interest which the substitution of poison or the dagger for the bludgeon would bring into the door st to search " A run MIN was asked whether he had been charged by the judge " Well,' said he, "the little fell in that sits up in the pulpit and stores over the crowd came us a led sure, but I don't know whether he elim;; a anything or not " AN old farmer STAR that the lost way for a young city chap who wants to become an agriculturist is to find out to some flannel for a couple of years, and then marry a girl that knows how to raise chickens and mile pantaloons "I win, now proceed to develop the general intelligent of of this is four dis- said it school examined, the other d in Children, that are cows good for J " But stumm! I s is food for spot" shouted the bond boy The class was dismissed NiaouiHTY host-who has just finished carving a turkey-' My l'l you boil a piece of the dark as at 61 a small piece of the white meat'" during lil he who is addicted to the habit of plain speaking,-' thank you, I'll take a large piece of both " Vioiou I M shut i being commemorated by his ministers because he had by or on out with the measles, crysipcliH, and ageratum all within it few weeks?, replied, "Oh, those outbreaks are all nothing compared to what a popular outbreak of the people would be" OLD Inisif HosurAiUY-In the good old days before the " Union" there was exercised in hand an amount of hard being" scarcely credible in our Time One of the hospitable mansions of the period was Shane's Castle, in the North of Ireland, the residence of the O'Neill family, and in the " Cornwallis Corres- pondence," there are published "Rules to be regarded at Shane's Castle," drafted by Lord Mountjoy, Nov ember 20, 1765, which, though of course intended as amusement for the guests, affords evidence that the life of the times was fast indeed "IstKule That no noise be made during the forenoon, for fear of wakening the company 2nd That there shall be no breakfast after 4 o'clock in the afternoon, or tea after 1 in the morning -3rd 'to inform any stranger who may come in at breakfast that we are not at dinner 4th That no person be permitted to go out airing after breakfast till the moon gets up, for fear of being overturned in the dark- 25th That the respective groome may put up their horses after four hours' parading before the hall door of the castle 26th. That there shall be one complete hour before each meal - 7th That all the company must assemble at dinner before the cloth is from o ved -8th. That supper may not be called for till five minutes after the last glass of claret 9th. That no gentleman be permitted to drink more than three bottles of Hock at or after supper 10th. That all members of Parliament should assemble on past days in the coffee-room at 4 o'clock to frank letters,'' 