Forthcoming and Past Events I BY THE WIZARD. There is not muoh stirring in turf circles just now, enc it is almost a herculean task to attempt to write a turi article. Of the St. Loger horses wo hear little or nothing, but Charon appears to be firmly seated as first favourite He is certainly tho "best goods" in tho race at thc present, but it is hardly a wiso undertaking to back him at 2 to 1, taking into consideration the field he will have to meet. Wo hear good accounts of him from Melbourne where ho appears to havo knocked Albany out of time, who has been doing the schooling business for him, so that there is every reasonable probability of Charon being in pretty good trim when he takes up his quarters at Randwick. If I have a weakness far any Leger horso it is for Lamplighter, who is undoubtedly a good horse, and ono that has been nearly, if not absolutely spoiled by mis- management. ' When only half fit he gave us a sample of his quality in tho Derby and in the Maiden Plate. Had Davis beon able to hold him in tho former race he would have been much closer st tho finish than he was, and his after running proves that he ought to havo beaten Moselle who was second. However, it is now top late to br crying over spilt milk, but I cannot help remarking ou tho folly of starting him in tho last Victoria Derby when bis owner must have known that ho had not the ghost of a chance. I look upon him OB a good horse in bad bands. As far as appearances go, tho followers of the "green and straw" have nothing to complain of in the looks of-Barbarian and The Fop, who aro in excellent trim, and I am in- formed that Kean has every expectation of bringing them both out -very fit on the day. This is a consummation dovcutly to bo wished, and I should like to seo tho brother to The Barb come out fit, if it was only for once, so that we could BOO . what ho is capable of doing. I have a strong opinion, however, that he will never stand his work and that after all tho constant Fop will carry the hopes and cash of tho followers of Mr Loo's Btablo. Moselle appears to be pretty dangerous by her previous doings, and is just the kind of animal that is likely to improve. I should nat be at all surprised if she was to turn out the bast of lier year. I hoer excellent accounts of her, and I am informed that in all likelihood she will strip in rare fettle, so that she ought to bc thorp or thero-abouts. She has a very strong party, who are piling it on, both for the Leger and Cup, and if she wins the first event she ought to bo very near repeating tho Fishhook coup. ' With such horses in tho race aa Barbarian, Lamps, Moselle, and Fop, I cannot seo tho good thing of taking 2 to 1 about Charon BO long before the day. I can almost bet that ho will bo at a longer prico on the morning of tho race I havo heard nothing fresh in connection with the Cup candidates, things remaining unusually quiet on this, the great race of the day' The public, or bookmakers, I don't know which, still koop Tim at 6 to 1, but I would not be at all astonished if he should happen not to be the stable horse. Baokers of horses ought to take a lesson by tho Liverpool Cup, whero tho public made hot favourites of Siderolito and Blue Clown, not giving their owner, Sir Josoph Hawley, the slightest chanco of backing thom at a fair price, and he finding that Lictor waa tho best horse of the t li roo, scratched tho othor two, and won the race with MB selected ono ; the publia who had BO nawisoly forestalled their owner in the hotting market, being left out in (he oold. Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to ace my old favourito, Tim, pull oif an- other big handicap before ho' retires to the stud, but I very muoh doubt bis ability to do so on this occasion. I heard, but cannot vouch for its correctness, that £1000 was offered for Tim to go to China but his owners refused to part with him ; believing that aa a siro, he will be worth more than that "amount to them. I am glad that Tim was not Bold, as horses of his stamp are very scarce, and wo want to bring good horsOB into tho colony, not to send them away. I received a letter last week from Shoalhaven, in which the writer speaks very highly of Mr DeMostre's string; but moro particularly of Trump Card, who, he ssid, is in rare bucklo, and as ho is undor tho caro of that skilful trainer, Lamond, there is every likelihood of his boing got into good condition. . We havo never sean the " cousin to Blue Gown" in good " form," but he has run very well when only half fit, and he might now, when in good form, run a great horso for tho Sydney Cup. I still stick to my penchant for Bosobud, for the Cup, and. the excellent performances of Cornwall's string at Bathurst fills mo with renewed confidence. He has got plonty of good mottle to try Bosebud ' with, and if she is rattled along a little in her work, she will boat many more than boat her. I see she has found a few frionda this woek at 100 to 7, and she is well worth booking nt that prico. Bylong is "coming" again, but lam afraid his day will nevor arrive. Tho old horse-is said to be looking well, but I question if he ovor can be brought into anything like his thrco-yoar-old condition. Circassian is in the market at 300 guineas; but notwith- standing all thia, a little bird whispers in my ear that he will be pretty handy at the finish in tho Cup. I. cannot bcliovo in The Baron's ability to beat bim, and I fully fully antioipato that he will bo Mr Winch's roprosentstivo, and I neod hardly say how dangerous that ropresontative will probably be. When tho nags get into work, I will havo a better idea oi future probabilitiost. Atpresont, I am writing quito in tho dark. Tho Bathurst races have been tho ovent of thoweok, most of our sporting men having taken Hight to tho City of tho West. Tho entrees were capital, and gave evey indication of good sport, so that tho town was full of visitors, whioh must have very muoh delighted the vari- ous bonifacos. The first day was, howovor, spoilod, as regards the atiéndanos, by tho rain ; but I see by tho-."wires" that tho racing was very good, Mr Tait made a break in his bad luck by winning tho Maiden Plato with tho Ida colt, but his performance is not of a high class character, and hardly throws much light on futuro ovonts. Ono and a half milos in 2 min. 66 soo. cannot bo considered good time, notwithstanding oil tho slowness of tho oourao, and BO I must BOO tho Ida colt do a bettor feat beforo I bcliovo in him as a winnor when in good company. Moderator, a throo-year old bo longing ta Mr Town, successfully negotiated the milo and a half in tho Trial Stakes, tho ola roan, POBUO, being' seoond, and the equally old Piris, third. If I romembor right, Parla performed very creditably jovwal times in the metropolitan district, when ho waa rather unluoky, but he appears to have seen his boat days. Howovor, tho timo was something bettor than the Maiden Plate, tho distance being traversed in 2 min. 54i seoonds. Phoebe turned out not to be tho good thing for the Bathurst Cup as so-ne people would have it that she was, and tho winner turned up in Carnation, 7st 91b. For Tattors&ÜB Cup, Phoboand Carnation met at 8st 71b and 7st 131b, when Mr Loo's maro had all the best of it. Hore Phcobo had 51bs »tors and Carnation 41bs lest, which mndo a wonderful difference, and materially altorod the aspect of affairs. Whon flt, and in good condition, Carnation ia by no means half a bad one. Her threo-year old perform- ances must not be forgotten, os she ran a dead heat for third placo with Grlencoo in tho Derby j won tho Rous and Forced Handicap, and proved herself to bo possessed of a rare dash of speod. Mr Cornwall seems to bo able to train her, and there is no telling what eho will yet do for tho honor of her sire, Yelverton. Eleven horses started in tho Cup, and tho meagre telegram to hand i states that a splendid race took placo, Carnation boing first, Phoebe seoond, and tho three-yoar old Silvoratain third, The Moor fourth. I waa greatly deceived in the last named horse, as I heard that ho was in splendid oondition, and the stable antioipntod that he would have been well up at tho finish. I am afraid thut Mr De Olouett's horse lacks tho paoe to ever make him danger- ous in a big race. The day's sports wound up with the Squatter's Stakes, which felita Mr M'Quade's game little filly Juanita, Fancy being second, and Marquis third. This terminated the proceedings, and I am inclined to think the Bathurst sportsmen had some good raoing on their opening day. Tho Richmond stable was in rare form, three winners being brought out by Mr Cornwall. On the socond day we learn that tho weather WOB splendid, and the racing equally as good as on the first day. Tho proceedings opened with the one milo Shorts Handicap whioh was appropriated by the Ida colt, 6st ; Phcobo, 9st 61b, being seoond ; and Miokey Free, 7st 101b, third. It is rather a remarkable circumstance that Mr Tait should win the opening race on caoh of the two days with the same horse. By-tho-byo, I hear nothing of Traverton; whether he started in any race or not this deponent knoweth not, but BO far he has not shown up in the front rank, and he evidently appears to bo an unluoky purchase on Mr Tait's part. Tho Leger pro- duced an ozoellent race between Surbiton, Juanita, and the Ida colt, the first-nsmod placing the only raoo on the two days to tho eredit of Mr Lee. I never believed tbat Surbiton was capablo of beating Mr M'Quado's filly, but it appears I am wrong in that opinion. The Ida colt could only get third plaoe, and apparently he does not caro about lumping a big weight ; but, perhaps, all tho steam was taken out ot him in tho Shorts. The Jookey.Club Handicap must have beena surprise to tho knowing ones, as Mr Tindala's Fancy came in first carry- ing 5st 101b. This is another of the Kingston's, and she appears to well sustain tho racing credit of her family. Phoebe was seoond, With 9st 31b, and I must say that she bas been remarkably unfortunate this meeting, running second three times. Joe Miller, Cst 101b, ran into third place, but ho is not very fit this time, or ho would have been a very hard horse to beat; Xho Tally-ho Stakes was won by Advocate, a horse oalled Fisherman being second. At tho time of writing I have only heard tho results of the first two days, bnt when the Bathurst papers come to hand I shall be in a better position to remark upon the running of tho several horses. 