What is to be Done about the Horses ? To thc Editor of thc Town and Country Journal. Sin,-A letter I ventured tosend to you somo timo ago, headed as abovo, has, I am happy to soc, inducod Mi*. Harry P. Mostyn to favour your readors with a long ono on tho important "Horso question." It appears from Mr. Mo3tyn's lotter, that ho,considers ''Tho Ghaso" is moro to ho thaukod than Tho Turf Cfor tho improvement that has been effected in English horses . during tho last century. It has, no"doubt, held out very great induce ment for the production of strong and active horsos, and such horsos aro uift]Uestionably tho sort most useful and most wanted hero ; but I think Mr. Mostyn will agreo that a horse to bo really gamo must havo a great " dash" of good blood in him. The "English horso," amongst English horses, is what tho puro bred Arabian is amongst the horso of Arabia. Pure blood is considered beyond price there, and wo have all been told that an Arab would almost as soon lose his life as his horse. Careful breeding for generations from animals of distinguishing peculiarities of form and disposition, has established the breed ; and there is no such, thing as a bad horso of tho puro blood. A cross from tho thoroughbreds of either England or Arabia gives firo and action, and pt is necessary to keep pure blood if only to cross with. I dare not attempt to argue tho point of light-weighting in races, as a means oft encouraging puro breeding, with one who evidently knows so muoh of flat racing and steeplechasing as Mr. Mostyn ; but still must hold tho ideas which lio desoribes as "untenable fallacies, "and do believe that too .heavy weighting would induco many to breed more for bono and less for blood, and that the present system of handicapping keeps many an inferior horso for years on tho turf, and turns many a good one off in a few seasons. A good horso would be,really valuable if he was allowed to run, carrying weight for ago only, until ho was fairly beaten by a better horse. Having troubled you for so much space for my lost letter, I will not now further trespass. I am, Sir, yours truly, T. C. SUTTOR, JUK. 17th May. CENTRAL CATTLE SALE YARDS.-At tue meeting of tho city council on Mouday, Alderman Murphy, who Arrived late, said he had been engaged on public duty« and desired tho indulgence of the council to present a petition of an important oharacter. . Leavo being accorded, the petition, whioh was signed by 3392 per sons in favour of fixing tho central cattlo salo yards at . Petersham, was presented, received, and roferrod to committee. STORE CATTLE.-A correspondent informs us that, despite the late disastrous flood, the Messrs. Girard, of the Richmond River, have been enabled to deliver a mob of nine hundred head of store cattle whioh, we understand, had been selected previous to the groat flood, by Mr. J. Brown, for the Yulgilbar station, the seat of the Hon. E. D. Ogilvie. A mob of nine hundred and fifty, belonging to Mr. Douglass, from the Kyogle and Sandilands station, also recently passed through Dundee, en route for Deniliquin, whence, should they not meet a good market, they will be driven to Gipps- Land. Amongst both mobs were some really fine cattle, which speaks well for the breed and grazing capabilities of the Richmond River. - Clarence Examiner. SYDNEY MEAT-TOESEUVING OOOTANY (LIMITED). Tho adjourned mooting of tho provisional committee of this company was hold at ,tho Agricultural Sooioty's i rooms on Monday, 23rd instant, at 10.30 a.m. ; Mr. J. B. Watt in tho ohair. Thoro was a largo attendance. Tho minutos of last meeting woro rend and confirmed. Tho following resolutions wero carried unanimously, vhs. :-1st. That in aocordanco with the prospectus issued an advertisement bo inserted in the dady papers, announcing that tho number of shnres therein specified-namely, two-thirds-having been subscribed, a genoral meeting of shareholders be called for Friday, tho 10th of Juno next, at 10.30 a.m., for tho adoption of tho deed of settlement, tho nomination and eleotion of five directors and two auditors, and that a circular to that effect bo forwarded to all shareholders. 2nd. ' That tho following gentlemen bo appointed as a sub committee to givo the necessary instructions to Messrs. leeton and Son to preparo a draft of docd of sottlemont -viz. : Hon. J. Hay, Hon. T. Holt, Messrs. E. Flood, M'Cullooh, Henry Mort, and J. B. Kundle. DEATH OÍ? Brus. BUHTON.-The Pastoral Times anya :-" It in with great regrot wo chroniolo tho death of Mrs. Henry Burton, of Bodbauk, at the carly age of twonty-nino. In consequence of this sad event, tho contemplated performances of tno circus troupo wcro abandoned for the timo, and Mr. Burton lias advertised the hotel for Balo. ANOTHER. GHOST.-A report has boon currant in Kompsoy during tho past week that tho ghost of an old woman has boen seen on two or thrco occasions lately, at a place known as Darby's selection, situate a short distance from this town. A young man named Fran cis M'Carthy, and another man, all state, wo bcliovo, that they have seen tho ghost-an old woman, tall, lean, and haggard. It was seen, it is stated, on threo consecutivo nights, and approached tho men, uttering the most piercing and unearthly shrioks. Report says that some years ago an old couple lived a very unhappy lifo in that locality, and tho woman ultimately died in a most wrotched condition. \Vhethor her death was hastened is not known, nor does it transpire that any questions were put to tho apparition by those who Bay " they saw it,-Maclean UeraW. 