I the novelist. XEVISOIT'S VICTIM. iraox BELOBAVIA.) i. Have so® he is here ?". .*&&. I «** Mm last *¥1; an! ?elSr neTOrsaw a man so much changed ? ^horta time."(i •".^For tbew®^,®? worse. I should scarcely ''&finitel;£ £Wte that peculiar »"J [rff eyes, which I daresay you re ^ober:" t eyes, with an earnest " ye3An<f look that seems to read a man up nenetrating w"^ _, sorry to hear of S^AtoS- We « to this change in w d hia place u near my Ser, .y0RncSnghftmshire. We have been fathers m BncKing time. but I lost sight fast .fne^t two years ago, before I went on 4[tun> aboat tw y aud j[>ve heard nothing mr ™% you think he has been Idffi r&pated; life-going the pace a ^!rKknowywhat he has been doing ; t r fancy h0 mU8t have bf n traV0lllQg weak to him last night ?" ' . ? «anted very much to get hold of a few minutes' chat, but couldn't Jam f°r ® jt was ^ one of the gamblrag ®a^I saw him, on the opposite side of the The room was crowded. He was fable- in®.. n at the game over the jtsniing loo S yoU know how tall he is, ^what a conspicuouB figure anywhere. I ffone minute, and in the. next he ^ j-innPBrad I left the rooms in search Sr but he was not to be seen any where ^fs'ball try and hunt him up to-morrow. „ 1 , kp stoDDing at one of the hotels. gT^t be much difficulty in finding , 4ilj£ speakers were two young Englishmen; 4h^nea little lamplit grove of trees outside S! Knrsaal of a German spa. The elder, Theobald, was a barrister of the Inner Sr^i v vonnuer Francis Lorrimore, son atSr-sviaaSw»u» **«.■** <t^Wcbaoge tbat attack you bo George?" Lorrimore asked between SSE'oSSBiati MwjMkm*. much of Wynward in that look across the ^faawQifiteenough. His face has a worn, taaW expression-he looks like a man who S sleeps; and there's a fierceness about Saoss-n contraction of the brows, a kmd Tnstless searching look-as if he were on thevatch for some one or something. In T0rt the poor feUow seemed to me altogether Scr-the sortof man one would expect to Zuoi in a madhouse, or committing suicide, «rsomething bad of that kind.' " I shall certainly hunt him out, George, "fc would be only a kindness to do so, old Mov. as you and he have been intimate. Stay!" exclaimed Mr. Theobald, pointing suddenly to a figure in the distance. Do fnue that tall man under the trees yonder ? re« notion it's the very man we're talking They rose from the bench on which they hid lieen sitting smoking their cmare for the fast half-hour, and walked in the direction of the»11 figure pacing slowly under the pine trees. There was no mistaking that muscular frame—6ft 2in. if an inch—and the peculiar •carriaje of the head. Frank Lorrimore touched his friend lightly on the shoulder, and he turned round suddenly and faced the two young men, staring at them blankly with out a (iign of recognition. Yes; it was indeed a haggard face, with a latent fierceness in the deep-set grey eyes •ovenliadowed by strongly-marked black brows, but a face which, seen at its best, oust needs have been very handsome. " VVynwaid," said Frank, '' don't you know toe ?" He held out both his hands. The other took one oi them slowly, looking at him like a man suddenly awakened from Bleep. "Yts," he said, "I know you well enough now, 3'rank; but yon startled me just this moment I was thinking. How well you're dookiig, old fellow I—What, yon here too, "Theobald!" "Yes; I saw yon in the rooms last night," answered George Theobald as they snook handt; "but you were gone before I could ^et a chance of speaking to you. Where are yon staying?" "At the Hotel des Etrangers. I shall be •off to-morrow." " Dpn't run away in such a hurry, Horace,". ■sadFrank; "it looks as if yon wanted to ■cntoi." " ftn not very good company just now; yondiscaroely care to see much of me." Ydu are not looking very welL Horace, •«|tmly. Have you been ill?" No, I am never ill; I am made of iron, ymhaow." "hit there's something wrong, I'm afraid." .1 iJiMe iB something wrong, bnt nothing mi? .or friendship can mend." . .bpnt say that, Horace. Come to break temS?' me to-morrow, and tell me your tore jou M0m,non"toiy enough; I shall only ^I jhink yon ought to know tne better than I'U «*me, if you like," Horace Wyn tnswered in a softer tone; " I'm not I *®Jreuch given to confide in friendship, but mfafiS6 0 l06 $ ^d of yonnger brother of fmUJSer®8'I11l<!0me* ®»*tonghaye <CeiiL5ul,a.^me yesterday. I ai "IflSf ^ ?here I discovered •coniia , " a .7"° um nousmremer is mere, oi in orS'J^®^Me are mebtoaoep the garden 'noiheX* j^hWn't Ukethe idea ot, mj ■doahfi/rbeing neglected: bat i '^Ki^weiUve at Crofton." ..jWwheyou marry. Horace f Ye8> when that event occurs, 3 Bdnd," he answered with J toCfcvL8?® to®18 to a woman at tb ss^WjsBSSffssssi Yrank. °®tock to-morrow, Horaoe," sai i you at ten. Gfiod-nlght. airAI anexcellent breal ^^rsfeusk gi iz z £p thilm^SgT0ntheUUs8iace fiv®o'clock "So early?" ^alk^nte?^81^. It is better to ZfJ^£ e t0^ng abottt hoar after hour, same thoughts with maddening %IT f' 1 pose, when I die, I shall go down at a shot- — gSSly do."eart'diSeaSe' MeU °f mjrbaild 11 hope you may have a long life." «««£?' , on£ life of emptiness." (i Why shouldn't it be a usefullife, Horace'" r OQ(?te„cJ?'ise itwM shipwrecked two years ago. I set saU for a given port, Prank, with a fair tosilhJ Syi!a^0Ur : and my shiP weQt down in sight of land, on a summer's day, without a moments warning. I can't rig another boat, and make for another harbour, as some men can. All my world's wealth was adven J",, ,m .is one argosy. That sounds tall talk, doesn t it ? but you see there is such a thing as passion in the world, and I've so much frnth in your sympathy, that I'm not ashamed to tell you what a fool I have been, and still am. You were such a romantic fel low five years ago, Frank; and I used to laugh at your sentimental notions." . Yes, I was obliged to stand a good deal of ridicule from you. " Let those laugh who win. It was in the last long vacation before I left Oxford that I went to read, at a quiet little village on the coast, with a retired tutor, hi eccentric old fellow, but a miracle of learning. He had three daughters, the eldest of them, to my mind, the loveliest girl that ever the sun shone upon. I'm not going to maVa a iong story of it. I think it was a case of love ac sight. I know that before I had been a week I in the humdrum sea-coast village, I was over I head and ears in love with Laura Daventry ; and at the end of a month was happy in the ! belief that my love was returned. She was the dearest, brightest of girls, with a happy disposition that won her friends in every 1 direction; and a man mast have had a dull unimpressionable nature who could have j withstood her charm. I was free to make my own choice, rich enough to marry a penniless girl: and before I went back to Oxford I made her an offer. It was accepted; and I returned to the University the happiest of men." He drank a cup of coffee, and rose from the table to walk up and down the room. "Well, Frank, you would imagine that nothing could arise to interfere with our happiness after this. In worldly circum stances I was what would be considered an excellent match for Miss Daventry, and I had every reason to believe that she loved me. She was very young, not quite 18; and I was the first man who had ever proposed to her. I left her, with the most entire confi dence in her good faith; and to this hour I ■ believe in her." There was a pause, and then he went on again. "We corresponded, of course. Laura's letters were charming; and I had no greater delight than in receiving and replying to them. I had promised her to work hard for my degree, ana for her sake I kept my pro mise and won it My first thought was to carry her the news of my success; and directly the examinations were over, I ran Sown to Sussex. I found the cottage empty. Mr. Daventry was in London; the two younger girls had gone to Devonshire, to an aunt who kept a school there. About Miss Daventry the neighbours could give me no positive information. She had left a few days before her father, but no one knew where she had gone. When I pressed them more closely, they toldme thatit was rumoured in the village that she had gone away to be married. A gentleman from the Spanish colonies, a Mr. Levison, had been staying at the cottage for some weeks, and had disappeared about the same time as Miss Laura." "And you believed that she had eloped with him ?" "To this day I am ign'orant as to the manner of her leaving. Her last letters were only a week old. She had told me of this Mr. Levison's residence in her honsehold. He was a prosperous merchant, a distant relation of her father's, and was staying in Sussex for his. health. This was all she nad said of him. Of their approaching departure she had not. given me the least hint No one in the village could teU me Mr. Daventry's London address. The cottage, afurnishedone, hadbeengiven up to the landlord,and every debt pud. I went to the post-office; but the people there had received no directions as to the forwarding of letters, nor had any come as yet for Mr., | Daventry." "The girls in Devonshire—you applied to them, I suppose ?" " I did; but they could toll me nothing. I wrote to Emily, the eldest girl, begging her to send me her sister's address. She answered my letter immediately. Laura had left home with her father's full knowledge and consent, she said, but had not told her sisters where she was going. She had seemed very nnhappy. The whole affair bad been sudden, and her father had also appeared much distressed in mind. This was all I could ascertain. I put an advertisement in The- Times, addressed to Mr. Daventry, begging him to let me know his whereabouts; but nothing came of it. I employed aman to hunt Lonuonfor him,and hunted myself; but without avail. I wasted months in this futile search, now on one false • track, now on another," "And you have long ago given up all hope, I suppose ?" I said, as be paused, walking up and down the room with a moody face. , "Given up all hope of seeing Laura Levi son alive ? Yes; but not of tracking her de stroyer." , . ■ " Laura Levisou! Then you think she married the Spanish merchant?" " I am sure of it. I had been more than aii months on the look-outsfor Mr. Daventry, and had begun to despair of finding him. when a man 1 employed came to me and told me that he had found . the registry of a marriage between Miobael Levison and Lautja. Daventry, at an obscure church in the city, where he had occasion to make researches for another client. The date of the marriage was within a few days of Laura's departure from Sussex." "Strange 1 : ''Yes,' strange that a woman should be sd fickle, you would say. I felt oonvinced that there bad been something more than girlish inconstancy .at work in this business -rseme motive power strongenough to inquoe.this girl to sacrifioe herself in a loveless marriage. T was con finned in ithu beueh whw- swithton street He would fain hare avoided me; bat I insisted on a conversation with him; and he reluctantly allowed me to accompany him to bis lodging, a wretched place in Southward He was very ill, with the stamp of death uponhis face, and had a craven look that convinced me it was to him I was in debted for my sorrow. I told him that I knew of his daughter's marriage, when'and where it bad taken plabe, and boldly accused him of having brought it about" " How did he take your accusation?" " Like a beaten hound. He whimpered nitedusly, and told me that the marriage bad been no wish of bis. But Levison had poses eionof secrets which made him the veriest slave. Little by little I wrung from him the nature of these secrete. They related to forged bills of exchange in which the old man had made free with his kinsman's name. It was a transaction of many years ago; but Levison had Used' this power in order to in duce Laura to marry him; and the girl, to save her father from utter1 ruin, as she be lieved, had consented to become his wife. Levison bad promised to do great things for the old man, but had left England imme diately after his marriage, without settling a shilling on his father-in-law. It was alto gether a most wretched business: the girl had ; been sacrificed to her father's weakness and ; folly. I asked him why he bad not appealed i to me, who could no doubt have extricated him from his difficulty; but he could give me i no clear answer.1 He evidently had an over powering dread of Michael Levison. I left him, utterly disgusted with his imbecility and Belfishness; but for Laura's sake I took care that he wanted for nothing during the re mainder of his life. He did not trouble me long." " And Mrs. Levison? " "The old man told me that the Levisons had gone to Switzerland. I followed post haste, and traced tbem from place to place, closely questioning the people at all the hotels. The accounts I heard were by no means en couraging. The lady did not seem happy. The gentleman looked old enough to be her father, and was peevish and fretful in his manner,never letting his wife out of his sight, and evidently suffering torments of jealousy on account of the admiration which her beauty won for her from every one they met. I traced them stage by stage, through Swit zerland into Italy, and then snddenly lost the track. I concluded that they had re turned to England by some other route; bat all my attempts to discover traces of their return were useless. Neither by land nor by sea passage could I hear of the yellow-faced trader and his beautiful young wife. They were not a couple to be overlooked easily; and this puzzled me. Disheartened and dispirited, I halted in Paris, where I spent a couple of months in hopeless idleness,—a state of utter stagnation, from which I was aroused abruptly by a communication from 1 my agent, a private detective—a very clever fellow in his way, and well in with the police of civilised Europe. He sent me a catting from a German newspaper, which described the discovery of a corpse in the TyroL It was supposed, from the style of the dress, to be the body of an Englishwoman; but no indication of a name or address had been fonnd to give a cine to identity. Whether the dead woman had been the victim of ford play, or whether she had met her death from an accidental fall, no one had been able to decide. The body had been found at the bottom of a mountain gorge, the face dis figured by the fall from the height above. Had the victim been a native of the district, it might have been easily supposed that she hod lost her footing on the mountain-path; but that a stranger should have travelled alone by so unfrequented a route seemed highly improbable. The spot at which the body was fonnd lay within a mile of a small village; but it was a place rarely visited by travellers of any description." "Had your agent any reason to identify this woman with Mrs. Levison?" "None; except the fact that Mrs. Levison was missing, and his natural habit of sus picion. The paragraph was nearly a month old when it reached me. I set off at once for the place named, saw the village authorities, and visited the Englishwoman's grave. They showed me the dress she had worn, a black silk, very simply made. Her face had been too much disfigured by the fail, and the passage of time that had occurred before the finding of the body, for them to give me any minute description of her appearance. They could only tell me that her hair was dark auburn, the colour of Laura's, thick and long; and that her figure was that of a young woman. "After exhausting every possible inquiry, I pushed on to the next village, and there re ceived confirmation of my worst fears. A gentleman and his wife—the man of foreign appearance, but talking English; the woman yonng and beantiful—had stopped for a night at the chief inn of the place, and had left the next morning without a guide. The gentleman, who talked German per fectly, told the landlady that his travelling carriage and servants were to meet him at the nearest stage on the home journey. He knew every inch of the country, and wished to walk aoross the mountain, in order to show bis wife a prospect which had 6truck him particularly upon bis last expedition a few years before. The landladv remembered that, just before setting out, he asked his wife some question about her watch, took it from her to regulate it, and then, after some peevish exclamation about her carelessness, pat it into his waistcoat- pocket. The lady was very pale and quiet, and seemed an happy- The description which the woman gave me was only too like the woman I was looking for." ... "And you believe there had been foul play*" . . As certainly as I believe in my own existence. This man Levison bad grown tired of a wife whose affection had never been his; nay, more. I have reason to know tbat bis unresting jealousy had intensified - into a kind of hatred of her some time before the end. From the village in the Tyrol, j which they left together on the bright Octo-j ber morning, I tracked their footsteps stage by stage back to the point at which I had lost them on the Italian' frontier. In the coarse of my wanderings I met with a young Aus- < trian officer who had seen them at Milan, and had ventured to pay the lady some fri volous harmless attentions. He told me that he had never seen anything so appalling as Levison's jealousy; not an open fury, but a concentrated silent rage, which gave an almost devilish expression to the man's parchment face. He watched his.wifelikea , lynx, and did not allow her,a moment's free dom from his presence. Every one who met them pitied the beautiful girlish wife whose misery was so evident; every one loathed her tyrant. • I found that the story of the servants and the travelling carriage was a lie.; The Levisons had been attended by no servants at any pf the hotels where I,heard of them, and had troveUed njwaya in public or, in . faired . vehicles-uThe ultimate result bf-iny inquiries left me jjttifl nonfat ; that the dead.; woman was Lauya Leyispn,; bnd from that , this I have been employed more or less ih the endeavour to find the-man who -murdered her." - "And you have not been able to discover his whereabouts?" ashed Frank Lorritnore. • :" Not yet. I am looking for him." - ■■ " A useless quest, Horace. What would be the result of your finding him? Yon hare no proof to offer of-his guilt Yon would not take the law into your own hands ?" "By the heaven above me, I wouldt" answered the other fiercely. .'1 I would shoot that man down with as little compunction as I would kill a mad dog." " I hope yon may never meet him," sail Frank solemnly. Horace Wynward gave a short inpatient sigh, and paced the room for some time in silence. Bis share in the breakfast had been a mere pretence. He had emptied his coffee cup, but had eaten nothing. "I am going back toLondon this after noon, Frank. " On the hunt for this man?" " Yes. My agent sent me a description of a man calling himself Lewis, a bill- discounter, who has lately set up an office in the city, and whom I believe to be Michael Levison." The office occupied by Mr. Lewis, the bill discounter, was a dismal place enough, con sisting of a second floor in a narrow alley called St Guinevere's-lane. Horace Wynward presented himself at this office, about a.week after bis arrival in London, in the character of a gentleman in difficulties. He found Mr. Lewis exactly the kind of man he expected to see; a man of about 50, with small crafty black eyes shining out of a sallow visage that was as dull and lifeless as a parchment mask, thin lips with a cruel ex pression, and a heavy jaw and bony chin that betokened no small amount of power for evil. Mr. Wynward presented himself under his ' own name; on hearing which the bilt- dis counter looked up at him suddenly with an exclamation ofsnrprise. " You know my name ?" said Horace. 1 " Yes; I have heard your name before. I thought you were a rich man." *' 1 have a good estate, bat I have been ! rather imprudent, and am short of ready money. When and where did yon hear my ] name, Mr. Lewis ?" " 1 don't remember that. The name sounds familiar to me, that is all." " But you have heard of me as a rich man, you say ?" " I had an impression to that effect. Bnt the circumstances under which I heard the name have quite escaped my memory." Horace pnshed the question no further. He played his cards very carefully, leading the usurer to believe that he had secured a pro fitable prey. The preliminaries of a loan were discussed, but nothing fully settled; and before leaving, Horace Wynward invited Mr. Lewis to dine with him at his lodgings, in the neighbourhood of Piccadilly, on the following evening. After a few minutes' reflection Lewis accepted the invitation. He made his appearance at the appointed hour, dressed in a suit of shabby black, in which his sallow complexion looked more than usually parchment-like and ghastly. The door was opened by Horace Wynward in person, and the money- lender was surprised to find himself in an almost empty house. In the ball and on the staircase there were no signs of occupation whatever; but in the dining-room, to which Horace immediately ushered his guest, there was a table ready laid for dinner, a couple of chairs, and a dumb-waiter loaded with the appliances of the me&L; The room was dimly lighted by four wax-candles in a tarnished candelabrum. Mr. Lewis, the money-lender, looked round him with a shudder; there was something sinister in the aspect of the room. "It's rather a dreary-looking place, I'm afraid," said Horace Wynward. "I've only just taken the house, you see, and have had in a few sticks of hired furniture to keep me going till I make arrangements with an up holsterer. But you'll excuse all short-comings, I'm sure—bachelor fare, you know." "I thought you said you were in lodgings, Mr. Wynward." "Did I?" asked the other absently; "a mere slip of the tongue. I took this house on lease a week ago, and am going to furnish it as soon as I am in funds." "And are you positively alone here?"-in quired Mr. Lewis rather suspiciously. " Well, very nearly so. There is a char woman somewhere in the depths below, as deaf as a post and almost as useless. But yon needn't be frightened about your dinner; I had it in from a confectioner in Piccadilly." He lifted the cover of the soup-tureen as he spoke. The visitor seated himself at the table with rather a nervous air, and glanced more than once in the direction of the shutters closely fastened with heavy bars. He began to think there was something alarm ingly eccentric in the conduct and manner of his host, and was inclined to repent having accepted the invitation, profitable as his new client promised to be. The dinner was excellent; the wines of the first quality ; and after drinking somewhat freely, Mr. Lewis began to be better reconciled to his position. He was a little disconcerted, however, in perceiving that his host scarcely touched either the viands or the wine, and that those deep-set grey eyes were lifted every now and then to his face with, a stra strangely observant look. When dinner was over. Mr. Wynward heaped the dishes- on the dumb waiter, wheeled it into the next room with his own handB, and came back to his seat at the table opposite the bill- discounter, who sat meditatively sipping his claret, Horace filled his glass, but remained for some time silent, without once lifting it to his lips. His companion watched him ner vously, every moment more impressed with the belief that there was something wrong in his new client's mind, and bent on making a speedy escape. He finished his claret, looked at his watch, and rose hastily. "I think I mast wish you good-night, Mr. Wynward. I am a man of early habits, and have some distance to go. My lodging is at Brompton, more than an hour's ride from here." " Stay," said Horace, " we have not begun business yet. It's only nine o'clock. I want an hour's quiet talk with you—Mr. Levison." The bill ais'counter's face changed, It was almost impossible- for that, pallid mask of parchment to grow paler, but asudden ghastli ness come over the man's evil countenance. 1 "My name is Lewis/' he said, with an artificial grin. " Lewis, or Levison, Men of your trade have as many names as they please. When you were travelling in Switzerland two years ago. your name was Levison; when yon married Laura Daventry, your name was Levison." "Yon are under some absurd mistake, sir. The name of Levisoruis strange to me." "Is the name of Daventry strange to you too? You reoognised my name yesterday. When you first heard it^I was^a happy man, Michael Levison. The blightnppnme isvour work. 0,1 know you wellenough, and am provided with ample means fpryouridentifica tion. I have followed yoasfcp,-by. step, upon your trftvels- rtracked you -to.4hfi.ilnn from which you set out one, Qotobes.momiofi nearly a year ago, with* comp^ij>u2whp :| nearly a year ago, wnn* companion f^jjp wap never seen, oliye by; .fern date. You are aigood Gftrojau «<5bplftr» - JStt. Levison; read that ftor^', Wynwiard fefr out Mokat book the paragraph cat from the German paper, ana laid it before hisvisitor. The " What has this to do with me?" he asked. "A greet deal,. Mr.Leviaon. The hapless woman described in that paragraph .was onee your wife : Lama Daventry, the girl I lowed, and who returned my love; the jfd mom you basely stole from meby trading On her natural affection for a weak unworthy father, and whose life you made wretched, nhtilic was foully ended by your cruel hand*' > If I had stood behind yon nponthstlonelymoaifc* tainpathway in the Tjki, and bad-seen you burl your victim to destruction, !/ ooold'not be more convinced than I amthat yonrarm did the deed; buteuch crimes as these&re; difflcnlt-Mn this case perhaps impossiblet-to prove, and I fearyou will escape the gallows. There are other circumstances in yoorlife, however, more easily brought to light; and tyy the aid of a clever detective I have made my self master of some curious secrets in your past existence. I know the name you1 bore some fifteen years ago; before you settled in Trinidad as a merchant. You were at that time called Michal Lucas, and yon fled from this country with a large sum of money, embezzled from your employers, Messrs. Har well and Oliphant, sugar-brokers hi St. Nicholas-lane. You have been 'wanted' a long time, Mr. Levison: but yon would most likely have gone scot free to the end, had I not set my man to hunt yon and you ante cedents." Michael Levison rose from his seat hastily, trembling in every limb. Horace rose at the same moment, and the two men stood face to face—one the very image of craven fear, the other cool and self-possessed. " This is a tissue of lies 1" gasped Levison, wiping his lips nervously with a handkerchief that flattered in his tremulous fingers. "Have yon brought me here to insult me with this madman's talk ? " "I have brought you here to you doom. There was a time when I thought that if you and I ever stood face to face, I should shoot you down like a dog; but I have changed my mind. Such carrion as yon are not worth the stain of guilt upon an honest man's hand. It is useless to tell yon how I loved the girl you murdered. You savage nature would not comprehend any but the basest and most selfish passion. Don't stir another step—X have a loaded revolver within reach, and shall make an end of yon if you attempt to leave this room. The police are on the watch for you outside, and you will leave this place foragaoL Hark! what is that? " It was a footstep on the stairs outside, a woman's footstep, and the rustling of a dress. The dining-room door was ajar, the sounds were very audible in the bare empty house. Michael Levison made for the door, availing himself of this momentary di version, with some vague hope of escape, but within a few paces of the door he recoiled suddenly with a hoarse gasping cry. The door was pushed wide open by alight hand, and a figure stood upon the threshold— a girlish figure dressed in black silk, a pale sad face framed by dark-auburn hair. »■ "The dead returned to life!" cried Levison. "Hide her, hide her! I can't face her! Let me go!" He made for the other door, leading into the inner room, but found it locked, ami then sank cowering down into his chair, covering his eyes with his skinny hands. The gin came softly into the room, and stood by Horace Wynward. " Yon have forgotten me, Mr. Levison," die said; " and yon take me for my sister's ghost. I was always like her, and they say I have grown more so within the last two yearn.. We had a letter from yon a month ago, posted from Trinidad, telling us that my sister Laura was well and happy there with you—yet you mistake me for the shadow of the dead 1" - The frightened wretch did not look up. He had not yet recovered from the shock pro duced by his sister-in-law's suddenappeatance. The handkerchief which he held to his lips was stained with blood. Horace Wynwaid went quietly to the outer door and opened it, returning presently with two men, who came softly into the room and approached Levison. He made no attempt to resist them as they slipped a pair of handcuffs on his bony wrists, and led him away. There was a cab standing outside ready to convey him to prison, Emily Daventry sank into a chair as he was taken from the room. "OMr. Wynward," she said, "I think there can be little doubt of my sister's wretched fate. The experiment which you proposed has succeeded only too well. " Horace had been down to Devonshire to question the two girls about their sister. He had been struck by Emily's Hh-ftnaag to his lost love, and had brought her op to London with him, in order to identify Levisonby her means, and to test the effect which her appear ance might produce upon the nsrresof the suspected assassin. The police were furnished with a complicated mass of evidence against Levison in his character of clerk, merchant, and bili-dis counter; but the business was of anf&ore; that entailed much delay, and after several adjourned examinations the prisoner fell des perately ill of a heart-disease from which lie had suffered for years, bat which grew much worse daring his imprisonment, , Finding his death certain, he sent for Horace Wyn ward, and to him confessed his crime, boast ing of his wife's death with.a fiendish delight in the deed, which he .called an get of ven geance against his rival. " I knew you well enough when you cfime home, Horace Wynward, he said, "and I thought it would be my. happy lot to compass your ruin. You trapped me, but to the iast you have the worst of it The mil you love is dead. She dated to tell me that she loved yon; defied my anger; told methat flhe had sold herself to me to save her father from dis grace, and confessed that she hated, andfead always hated me. From that hoar ghq was doomed. Her wbiteface was a constant re proach to me. Iirugopdti to madnegi by her tears. She used to pay .your name in. her sleep. I wonder I did not cut her throat as she lay there vyith the name upon her lips. ButI mr-*■ ' - — * ' " ~ push, and she was gone. I came home alone, tree from the worry and fever of her prasenoe -except in my dreams. /She has haanted them with her pale face'and the one fong shriek that went up to the sky as she feab* He died within a few days of ibis interview, and 'before his final trial could take plaoe. Time, that heals almost all griefs, brought peace by and bye to Horace Wynward.. He furnished the house in Msvfair, and forsomo time led a misanthropical lute tomei but on paying s second visit to. Devopsh' the two Daventry girls Uvea their... dustiions life in their aunt's soke covered that Emily's likeness | mpdo her rary <foftr to him, lowing year he brought a Jpkt lm.theperson oftnaty - - and stayed jthjwe while awb#e mvwecifpN. was erected aobve her grave. 