PROTECTIVE DUTIES. To the Editor oj the Inquirer & Commercial yews. Sir, — In reading over the addresses of the several candidates for our coming Election. I found in one of them an advocate for ' a small import dnty on all corn and flour.' Now this is vastly too bad. and greatly excites my ire I What, in the name of Jupiter, do we w«nl with protective duties, when we have scarcely hitherto grown corn enough for onr own consumption in tbis small community ? By all means admit ' all corn and flour ' free of any duty, say L for one : and more, I would □ot rote for my father, brother, or other near relative who would venture to propose such a measure ; nay, I would vote might and main against either of them I I wonder the ghost of the late Sir Robert Peel does not come amongst us, and visit that gentleman in par ticular who would propose such a piece of folly. Why wring and exact tbis price from the blood of tbe poor laborer, for he must eventnaHy pay this obnoxious dnty ? Doty on tbe staff of life! whoever heard in these latter days of such fatal policy ? Rather let the working man have his fill of tbe Jirst necessary of life, asd by energy an i exertion be will manage to procure a few other little comforts, and smile aud be therewith content, for bread be will (and must) bave, by book or by crook. And supposing we could produce more cereals than we could consume (we might, for there is good land enough !) the argument is. we bave no market ! or we cannot compete with the other colonies iu getting our produce to market, for want of good roads or other modes of cheap conveyance ! Then, in the name of goodness, let us have good roads, tramroads ! miniature railroads ! or even canals ! if we can find water enough. Let the Government come out in a liberal manner and assist us to these essentials I and if we must be taxed, don't tax our dumpling dust. Rather tax four wheeled carrises. silver mounted harness. saddlery, saddle borses, silks, satins, ribbons, feathers, feather beds, sofas, couches, otuimaus, easy chairs, perfumery, and all other luxuries whatsoever, and add to the duties on wines (not grog). Tax the land of absentee land owners, wbo draw their resources from us, and never spend a penny with us, and such like. We shall then eoaa be in a position to erect a Welch toy-railway, which will carry onr corn, onr euudal wood, and our persons too, to market ; when we may defy the sister colonies to out-do us ; bave a cheap loa! ; and if I mistake not, more cash in our pockets than most of us fcave at the present time, j am not a very old hand iu the colony, but in every year of my residence in it there has been a great outcry — ' short of grain — wheat very scarce— flour very dear— approach of famine, &c; &c.;, &c.; — all to till the pockets of monopolists ! Tbis constant cry of wolf is very sickening indeed, for after admitting there have been some drawbacks in the shape of dry seasons, we have never been seriously pinched for want of bread or flour, like our more unfortunate neighbours iu British India. We have managed hitherto to get a crust, and I sincerely hope we always may ; in fact I don't doubt it, if we only work with a trill under a liberal government. I therefore strongly urge no import duty on the staff of We, or 1 shall be tempted to exclaim, in tbe words of au old 80Ug— *' ? their eyes if ever they tries To rob a poor man of his beer;' bread 1 mean. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. A Hard-working Man. York, 15th Sept. Bitten bv a Snake. — Yesterday morning, as Miss Ellen Dearden was proceeding from ber home to ber sister's (Mrs. James Mews), she stopped to pick a native berry, and was immediately bitten on the wrist by a black snake, about a yard long. She hastened home, and in a few minutes her brother had a ligature firmly fastened above and below the wound, and courageously set to work cutting out the flesh with a razor and sucking the part. As speedily as possible Dr. Hora was in attendance and proceeded to do all tbat was possible to save the poor girl's life, by the application of brandy, ammonia injection, &c; She was for several hours insensible, foaming at tbe mouth and writhing convulsively. About sunset she appeared much easier, but with difficulty kept from swooning. At a late hoar last night the doctor informed us that be entertained favorable hopes of the patient's recovery. To Correspondents, &c.; — Letters from a Bunbury correspondent and Messrs. Utton & Co., a report of the Victoria Horticultural Society, "Settler,'' " Neptune,' 'Billy Barlow.' and other communications, must stand over till next week. 