near. MR WILLIAM TEALE, CAULKER OF TOM. Warship j ERPOOL. I ' Per Favor of Mercury. J Mr Bear Bn. Ever since you were so kind to lend me that sovereign the other day, I Eve entertained the warmest regard for your warm and the most sincere solicitude for your f!in«'ire]fare-more particularly as you were 55s to promise a further advance O met you on the Regatta ground to-day. into this subject I feel I need make no further Scene, knowing full well that the fitness of the which actuated you in the first instance he never abandon the character of the British Navy is extremely problematical if ever I shall be in a position to make you any other pecuniary "turn than I have done, I purpose writing you again upon some subject connected with the history of this Colony, the beauties of which you are upon with so much fervor, on the occasion of our meeting in Liverpool- street. I therefore see the first subject that falls upon my memory, and start with the portrait of a parson I don't know whether this epoch of Jack Tar . laity j" , fitting occasion to write about broad brimmed clergymen, but as the columns of the fine On Mercury (excuse the capitals) have always lent a listening ear to the scratch ings of mv pen, here goes - as you would say for another shot. Long before any of you fellows on beard-no matter what ship of the Mead began to breast the billows, a certain carson put out your pipe, Bill-lauded on a lot of rocks, with mussels on them, not far off wherever ship's anchor lies at the present moment. As the stay of the British seaman is Mdly short, IrUBh the occasion for what I have to tell about something of the past; and as I arise to polish my spectacles, I feel the weakness to think that you and your messmates will give an attentive ear. And so, now that I have burnished my gig lamps, here goes for a pen and ink sketch of the Parson's Portrait, painted many years ago by one of the only few real gentlemen we have in Tasmania, yourself, of course, turns by no means omitted : On a grey cob pony, with a shortfall, sits a venerable old gentleman of apparently 70 years of age, or thereabout He wears the orthodox broad brimmed hat of the latter part of the last century, and is dressed in a black suit of broad cloth, the coat of which reaches below the knees, whilst the vest buttons almost close up to his white cravat His hair is short and frost bitten, his face clean shaved and angular, nose long, thin, and pointed, eyes full, dark, and speaking M lie leans, or rather inclines, a little over the pony's withers, and gazes benevolently at the passer by Just before the pony, and in a springy trot, is a wire haired terrier, who, with the nag I that bears his master, appears to be on business of the greatest importance But what is that we see projecting from the coat tail pocket of the parson? A bottle-Oh ' shocking, but verily, the neck of a vulgar black bottle' Surely his reference is not a " white clinker," but a genuine minister of the Gospel, so we will presume that he carries a supply of his best port wine for the sick wife of a settler who lives probably at the farm home which stands under the of all on the side of that tier in the distance Does anybody know him ? I suppose very few indeed of the present generation, and, therefore, allow me to introduce you to " Bob, Pinches, and the Pony," from the pen and pencil of no less a distinguished artist than the hon. member for Richmond In this gentleman's letter to the recipient, after stating that a great many of our old colonists may bedesiroUHof possessing some memorial of the first and best clergyman that ever preached in this colony," he presents the picture as another contribution on his part to the Franklin Isl still fund, and to be disposed of as the honorary secretary thinks fit towards that object The portrait of the chief subject is most excellent, and so true in point of likeness, that the "good old man" was immediately recognised by several ladies whom he christened more than 60 years ago and to whom the painting has been already uncovered This fine old fox hunter's name was Robert Knopwood, and he arrived in this colony when it was first founded, as you will learn from the following epitaph - MR ROBERT KNOPWOOD, A M , OlIIT 1 II 8st T , a n wicccxvYv. it STATES Bli! INNER TEMPLE, TISMANIPN«IS , iUESinruu finals eoioMcYo HIT BY ANA CV SI BB ISinK COLLINS At) INRV I AM I PUB and Members AI)\ PMT IN AMICITIA COASTING HEN ION I SO. writes INTFOIUTATE KT BÜDVIISSIJII MNTVOlENTtl VtdCKIB SHCUIItEKB ET CONDITIONPM IHIirrOUMI MPLIOllEM 1 really Billings FARMS This, of course, you will readily translate as follows - Sheard To the Memory TheRe HoimitT Know noon, A M , who died on the 18th Sept, 1943, aged 77 years He was the first Coloni d Chaplain in Van Diemen's Land having arrived in Too, 180t, willi Lieutenant Governor Collins He was a steady and affectionate friend a man of strict integrity and active benevolence, ever ready to relieve the distressed, and to ameliorate the condition of the afflicted This monument was erected by an obliged and grateful friend, as a mark of her respect The above lines are cut in the tablet of a handsome monument erected in the pretty churches d of St Matthew's, and in his connexion with the district as chaplain, there several circumstances of a most peculiar and interesting character, known only to a few in the locality For instance, the oí 6 in now used in the church was the first instrument of the kind imported to this Colony It was placed on originally in St David's Church, Hobart Town, and when the new instrument arrived for the Cathedral, the old one was purchased and elected in St Matthew's, and on one of the front panels in- fido was found, the other day, the following inscription - 'linsOrejan was first publicly opened 15th May, 1825, by William Hunco, organist, prayers read by Rev W Bedford , sermon preached by Rev R. Knopwood, SEA ' In the churchyard, within a few yards of her old pastor, rest the remains of the first white woman 1 ended in the Colony-" Mary Busby" while close by rest the remains of one Richard Son, a shipmate of the persons, who died last year, aged 102 years. In the chancel of this pretty Village Church is a mostcluboratu carved oak chair, music by Messrs. Whitesides and Son, out of the timbers of the old Anson - '74-mied as a prison hulk, broken up opposite your ship's berth by the Government, and the materials sold by auction. Since then, another memorial has been written by the ghost of his wire-haired terrier "Pincher" and as it sung to the time of "The Fine Old English Gentleman," I dare say it's music will enliven the forecastle when you put out to son. "BOB PEACHES AND FUR POM Y." I III PINCHHIl'tt GHOST. "Beb Pincher and the Players he was wont to say ; Where sickness was, you found him there- to sympathise and pray : f be settled nock soon pooping out-you may readily divine, His mission's one of money and he carries with him wine, line (The old English Clergyman one of the " good old sort," Who, when he visited the sick he always brought them Pint! And by the sick bed kneeling would utter words divine, Then cheerfully rising say-" now take a glass of wine. Ha better for your stomach's sake than wafers and cold water, For good old port and solid food-will surely make you fitter." No winning doubtful dogmas-no brimstone, Ure, and hell, He preached God's love and morey-and kindly wished them well. This fine old English Clergyman one of the olden time, Who, when he visited the sick he always took them who. He wore no cross upon his back-but noted on the square; A thing that's! often talked about-but practised very Hsdrewed not Uko . monntebank-nor yet like Quambone ; Nor ritualistic nttmsnU wore-this worthy old If gandy dresses were to betray signs of what was most, Priests soon would make the surplice-the church's winding sheet. So thought the good old Clergyman and of the olden time, who, when he visited the sick he always took them wine. If rampant ritualists will wear silks, satins, and brocade, They'd better change their uniform-and join the Pope's brigade ; For in the ranks of Protestants they're called the awkward squad, * ' And looked upon by Churchman-as the cast-out of God. Yet Popish Priests and Protestants their cant is loving brother, And in Christ's name' Oh, what a shame they'd crucify each other. So two on the doctrines of the two-no mortal soul can tell, Which is the road to heaven and that which leads to bell. But the fine old English Clergyman drow doctrines from the fount And prayed, as the great Teacher did-in His sermon on the Mount. - ' This fine old English Clergyman-one of the olden time, Who, when he visited the sick he always took them wine. He had no crook, to guard his flock-or keep them in the fold, But tended them as shepherds did, in the good-by days of old. But 'about the preaching nowadays thorn is a deal of gammon, Still loss of that there'd surely be but for the God called Mammon. ApostlePeter never asked for ponoo-stato-aid or pay, If such were now that state of things how many Priests would pray ? i recent warm lilly i Now shepherds don't mind much too sheep-their eye is on the fleece, And rather than no wool at all they'd take it in the grease. But better days are dawning fast there's shout from pole to pole, For liberty of consoioneo-and freedom for the soul. Then let us chronicle the words spoke by the old Divine, And to his memory let us drink-" now take a glass of wine." That fine old English Clergyman one of the olden time, Who, when he visited the sick he always took them wine. The painted portrait to which I referred in the former part of my story is shortly to be sold by auction, to raise funds for a national purpose, but as none of your company will be present to bid, I forward you herewith a photographic copy, by Mr. Clifford and with further assurances for your advancement in the Navy, I remain, Yours gi usefully, OLD BOOMER 