O'BOARD THE LADY OF: PALMERSTON. A SKETCH. " I have, formed a party for a trip to Adven- ture Bay in the Lady of Palmerston, said my patriotic and talented friend, the worthy secre- tary to the Acclimatisation, Society, as he grasped me warmly by the hand, a short time since. " Will you join us ?" , "With all my heart, and thanks to boot. When do you start ?" " To-morrow night at 11 o'clock sharp. The schooner lies at the dock, and with a bow, and a smile, he went his ways to try to make men more charitable and honest by the administration of the law. It was a few minutes past the appointed time, when I reached the dock on the following evening, and while threading my way through piles of timber and heaps of ballast, in the uncertain light compounded (of gas and stars, a voice cried out, " Look alive, ye devil, or be jabers ye'll be too late." It was a true Hibernian voice, and which I at once knew to be that of old Mac, who had been one of a similar party a few strides before. The Lady of Palmerston was already outside the dock, and moored to a craft at the Franklin Wharf. Her sails were loose and I could see in the imperfect light human shapes moving about on deck. But how to get on board was a question, for me, not easily answered. A narrow plank that had been split in two connected the craft with the shore. I looked at it, and then looked at the " dark and flowing river" beneath, and visions of going to Heaven, or more likely " other place," by water, began to fill my mind, for be it confessed I am a great coward. , ' ' Come on I " cried a voice at the other end of the plank, as I stood calculating my chances against disturbing the unruffled calm of the river, "It's all right." " Is it though ?" said I. " Not so sure about that" as with quivering knees I stepped inch by inch till I gained the deck of the craft. Six steps more, and I stood on board the schooner. By the light of a lamp' I perceived old D.O., of the caged eagle busily engaged in making secure a keg of Wilson's XXX., and which he accomplished in true seaman-like style. "My life, and that will never move carry on as much as you like," he cried with evident satisfaction. "Not the first keg of nectar you've secured, old boy, I'll be bound," said I ; clapping him on the shoulder. . ,, " No not by long chalks," interposed some one at my back, which I found to be Higgloston, professor of artillery. ' " Well I suppose it's not Goodnight, lads, and take care of yourselves," he enjoined as the old veteran Rtcppod horn the schooner ashore. " Ah Switz are you here I Glad to see you. First trip " Yes," he replied, grasping my hand. "Any- where you know to be relieved of a dull Sunday in-town.'" "Just so," I replied sympathising, as we sat down on the little poop. ' ' Are there many going ?" " About thirty I hear ; but there not more than half that number on board, and it is now getting on for twelve o'clock. " "Is Girls on board ?" " I believe so, but haven't soon anything of him." ' " Stowed away, possibly enjoying a sleep before starting. Happy man! can sleep on a pile of cannon shot in the midst of a Babel. Perfect digestion and an easy conscience," I observed. " Not even disturbed by the occasional apparition of an unlucky client." " No, nor the ghost of a sparrow killing cat," put in a voice on my right. " Ah Squiggs ! is that you, you were one of the party in last week's' trip weren't you ? " Believe you, my boy," and Squiggs went for'ard humming something about A life on the ocean wave." ' ' Try a cigar I" asked Shwita, handing me his case " Thanks and then we both smoked in silence meditatively gazing at the dancing and glittering track of the gas lamp in the water, and the bright stars bobbing up and down in the black profound. , PresontlyShwitzstretchedforth his right hand, and with a gentle waving motion ejaculated in tones full of feeling " The Infinite !" My friend, for whom I silently swore eternal friendship over a glass of ale in the Hole in the' Wall some years ago, is one of the few' worshippers of Nature and the beautiful, to be met with in these colonies, being a well educated and finished gentleman who thinks, and in his thinking goes below the surface of the shallow pool over which the smart butterfly doings of brilliant society disport, scarcely wetting their " I must say something good now," said I to myself. " It is almost like a challenge. " "The great architect and re-construction of the globe" I replied, carrying out the idea which he had suggested" so beautiful in peace, yet so terrible in tempest-the great foster mother," and at the smile time The great destroyer of life type and symbol of the great unknown Ehhim, whose fiat is change, and whose voice is the thunder and the hurricane" "You-and your thunder and arrogance be hanged" sounded close to my ear and in an instant I felt myself rudely pushed off the poop on to the deck. I had unconsciously sat on the pocket of Galper's overcoat, in which were a few choice strawberries that he was taking down as a present to a friend. Galper's chagrin and disappointment may be partly con cur veil by a highly imaginative reader. Finding expressions of deep regret in vain, I went below to meditate upon the uncertainty of things sublunary, especially strawberries, but with the secret satisfaction that my soa-sontiniont had reached a sudden yet infant nlivnilY The laughter which convulsively bubbled up from the deep thoracic cavity of Shwitz, induced by this contretemps, having died away, I returned once more to fresh air and starlight. One by one the passengers arrived with opossum skin rugs, guns, and dogs. There was Glen Alpin, late from Scotia, the possessor of an enviable amount of exuberant spirits and musical proclivities, who believes Heaven to be located in the eye of a beautiful girl, and swears by women and wine. There was Rufford the enthusiastic and insatiable photo, with his camera and tripod which have become part of his being. There was Bruuoo, ditto ; Nollyn, ditto ; Balym, ditto and Spurlly, ditto, without cameras. "] say, Bufford, call over the roll and see if all are on board it's 12 o'clock," cried Sacred Joh. > ' r All being on board the hawsers were cast loose a few pushes against the side of the neighboring craft and wo _ wore oil'. There was scarcely sufficient air' stirring to take the slack out of the sails, as we crept lazily down the dark side, like an evil thing bound on some in K. I ¿TobeamliniKd.] * 