THE OBLIGATIONS OF PROTEST ANT TRUTH. It is provable by reference to all pub lic conditions ot history for the last three hundred years, that Protestantism promotes, while Romanism retards, na tional prosperity, and the civil welfare of society. Its nature is to set minds free, to promote knowledge, to stimu- late and enlarge thought, to diffuse just notions of the nature and inherent rights of mankind, and so to break the bonds of base and selfish servility. All persons who watch the progress of nations will feel sure of the truth of this remark. It therefore becomes both the imperative duty and the intense interest of all persons in every nation to promote and defend Protestantism, even for its political and civil effects. The enemy of Protestantism is, politically speaking, am enemy of liberty and an enemy of Jus race. There has been some degbee of poli tical Protestantism at work in England over since King Jons', of infamous Memory, was compelled to sign Magna dharta. The religious and ecclesiastical Reformation, of the sixteenth centuiy, gave a mighty impulse to tho political Protestantism of the nation.. What the popes hadever been striving to do — to lead the English captive at their chariot wheels, and which they thought they ftftd succeeded in doing through the mis creant John— they found shattered to fragments by tbc overthrow of Papal ccblesiasticism in that country. Still political Protestantism did not attain its manhood and vigour, even under the so- called Protestant princes, till the great Revolution of 17S8. It had a hard struggle for life, giantlike though its mature .was, under all the Tudors and Stuarts. Once, for a short time, under the . protection of Oliver Cromwell, it juade bare its' arm. But it was infaiitile even then, and merely gave foretokens «f what it would some day achieve. The glorious Revolution made England Pro testant, in the political sense, we trust for hll history to come ; and she has dif fused, and i.4 diffusing this form of her Protestantism throughout the whole world. ' Will she, by the meretricious mrts of her antagonist, ever be seduced to foiget hey nobility, and to betray her self and her trust ? Every one ought to promote, to the utmost, that greatest of earthly blessings — political Protestantism.- -Every one who will not, for any reason whatever, Crhen he can, deserves to lose his privi- lege, and to be made the slave of Rome; and let him see to it that, under a re tributive Providence, he be not actually made that slave sooner or later. But if all this be true, what shall be said of that spiritual Protestantism which makes men new creatures in Christ Jesxs, citizens of a divine king dom, the Lord's freemen ? Multitudes can appreciate the political, who trouble not themselves about the spiritual Pro testantism. Romanists may bo Pro testants in the former sense without perceiving the glory of being so in the latter. Every class among us would resent the imputation of political Ro manism, because under the auspices of the British Constitution every one is an inheritor of such freedom as modern Rome hates, but never gave. To whom does the spiritual Protestantism belong? and what are their duties ? By strict right, spiritual Protestant ism is in every respect identical with pure evangelism, and is the possession only of those whoso faith is evangelical, and who are animated with the full Bpirit of their holy profession. But the profession itself is much broader than this. Here then we have all the re ligious denominations which claim a creed drawn from the Scriptures alone, and characterised by the same grand marks of doctrine and practice, not in deed in forms of technical ccclesiasticism, but in the better forms of pure spiritu ality and heavenly truth. Certainly within this category range all the Presbyterian, Independent, Baptise, Lutheran, Moravian, Wesleyan, and other Methodist churches. Here, too, must he placed the small denomination of Friends, first and foremost in the pro fession of evangelical spirituality. The Church of England we place last only for the sake of a remark which we wish to make. This remark is — Protest antism claims the Church of England as a rightful inheritance, and will not con sent to any counter claim. It asks, in deed, that she purge herself of whatever is ambiguous in her Protestant charac ter", so that none, either friends or foes, may any longer mistake or misunder stand her. Certainly this demand is a righteous one. She separated 'herself from Rome when other churches did — she was Roman before: She has no right to exist hut as Protestant; her whole claim is summed up in that. It is true that her leaders in the separation did not cariy her separation into a com plete junction with all other secession churches ; but they did effectually save her from the Popish usurpation to a large extent made her ritual evangeli cal, purified her creed accorc ing to the Scriptures, and avowed those Scriptures as the only standard of truth. Her doc trine of justification is the same pre cisely as that of the rest. A shade in deed rests on her doctrine of regenera tion, and of that shade unsound men in her communion have availed themselves to create an unbounded confusion, a rampant superstition, let does she hold regeneration by the Holt Ghost and the Word of God. A single act only is requisite to make her. thoroughly Protestant here as in other things! So Protestantism claims her, in spite of all the Ritualist traitors in her bosom, and Protestantism will not let her lightly go. The blood of her martyrs, the fires of lier first tribulations, will not be for gotten by .her trueborn sons and daughters. She shall he acknowledged as Protestant in spite of those in her communion who disavow the name. Let her vindicate her own name. Added to such denominations as we have named are the American, and the German, French, and other Continental evangelical churches. They contain, in real, not fictitious, unity, all tho grand peculiarities of the : Protestantism which once threw off the Romish yoke. Search their profession of faith, and see. It may be remarked too; that except as here and there she is infested with .the pestiferous pretensions of Ritualistic superstition 011 the . one hand, and of infidel Rationalism on the other, they can all, hold communion with each other, and confer with mutual interest on the love and redemption of Christ. ..Could we but suppose the faith they profess a power of - life in them,; , they , would exhibit sucli a unity as Rome never saw and! never will see. : Is the church condition, of Protes tantism then, made up in this manner, likiely to be Improved by: any fraterni sation,' or even by any '!' peace, with' Rome ? How did it become what it is ?" How is it to maintain its veiy nature, or its onward progress ? , Is it to deem, its doctrines of such; small value, that they may place them second to peace with the greatest enemy of evangelical truth, and of its author, the world ever saw ? It is perfectly amazing that among Protestants there should ever he a doubt on this subject. It seems to bo believed iu these days, not merely by those worldlings who, having no faith at all to sell, would sell their very souls for less than " thirty pieces of silver," but even by the pos sessors of" the pearl of great price," that controversy for truth is entirely an anachronism, that the Gospel implies now no warfare, no selfdenial, that velvet slippers and couches of down, are the proper enjoyments of the Peters, the Pauls, the Jameses, and the Johns of our day. This certainly cannot be because the Gospel has achieved its last triumphs, for if that were the case the prospect held out to its professors would be gloomy enough. Power is not the gen eral accompaniment of the proclamation of the Gospel in.these days. Whatever may be. the cause of this, it is surely no reason for ease, no plea for peace with the foe, or even with ourselves. Most deliberately do we think, that if the professors of Christianfaith hadever felt " the plague of their own hearts," or the terrors of a true conviction of sin, and had been delivered therefrom by a believing apprehension of the Re deemer's work and merit, the Gospel of their belief and deliverance would he maintained and defended with a more earnest spirit, with a more grateful and generous zeal than is exhibited now, ex cept in rare instances. Those who have felt that the Gospel which sets forth Christ as their very life, would not he idle while the grand enemy of that Gospel is spreading his fatal delusions abroad. We' infer then, that the small zeal seen all ai'ound us for the defence of Protestantism, or for its projection into the very camp of Popery, is a. most certain proof that its powers have ceased to he adequately felt by those who pro fess it. These are the main things requisite to make Protestantism again a thing of power, and that in its very character us Protestantism ; for we take it for granted that neither the thing nor the name is to be abandoned so long as its antagon ist exists. The first thing is — that by every mians, whether by preaching as mission aries, or by teaching as . pastors and teachers, the great central and funda mental doctrines and moral principles of the Gospel, be made known and en forced with vastly augmented clearness, feeling and energy, so that all who hear the Gospel may come under its decisive power. On the methods we propose to say something in another article of the present issue ; the thing itself we insist on here as of surpassing importance. Here and there we have partial speci mens of the thing wo are now urging ; nowhere perhaps are apostolic fervour and explicitness thoroughly attained. The truth is— the appreciation of Gos pel truths is generally very feeble. There is a disposition to dilute them with hu man theories or explanations, instead of taking themas tho Spirit of God has given them to us in all their native energy. All preachers and teachers require some degree of amendment in this respect, and by far the greater number require to he thoroughly awakened. They ought to know that for the infinite treasure in their hands they are responsible to Him who has entrusted it to them, and that no motive whatever can justify, the care lessness into which they fall. The ma jority of hearers are fearfully ignorant in every congregation, and oven in every church; and their ignorance must bo made to cease at all events whether they will savingly receive the truth or not. The second thing is— that an absolute conformity to the moral character and precepts of the Gospel must be sought to be exhibited in the lives of those who professedly embrace the instructions of the pastorship. In other words, it must, be , expected of all christian people that they strive to ."cleanse themselves from all filtliiness of flesh and, spirit, and to perfect .liolinesss iu the fear of Gob or according to the admonitions of Jesus, that they " let their light so shine before, men that they , may see their good works and glorify their Father who is in Heaven." All this is but saying that they should be the christians in faith, temper, and conduct, thej.profess to be, and so commend the Gospel to all ob- servers, instead of dishonouring it by laxity as now is done. The third thing is, that with these pro- visions as their groundwork, all preach ers and teachers of the Gospel set forth in clear and convincing forms, and never ' shrink from repetition, the characteristic ' perversions and false teachings of Ro manism, comparing them with the Gos pel, especially in regard to the doctrines of justification, pardon, regeneration, and sanctification, in all which that evil system teaches things at once grievously false and dangerous, reducing to super stition everything divine, and inculcating- as necessary to salvation mere human schemes of mortification and merit. It is a bounden duty to make plain all these things, and all pulpits and classes should resouud with warnings against them. A new course must bo adopted for tho future by all ministers and to&ch-; ei's if we would cope with tho priests. No compliment must be paid to Rome. What sets God's glorious truth aside' must none of his servants tolerate with out rebuke. He who fails to rebuke con- . sents to the evil. 