A STRANGE STORY. ANOTHER proof of the old adage " murder will out" is given by the Trenton Sentinel :— It is forty years ago, or more, since the dead body of a stranger was found in the woods, near the Stony- brook bridge, about one mile to the east of Penning- ton, a village in New Jersey county. We were a child then, resided near said village and remember the circumstance well. It was an incident to make a lasting impression in a quiet, rural neighbourhood. Years later, when we boys used to go in to swim in that locality, more or less fears were always excited by reference to the circumstance, for boyhood, as well as age, in super- stitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and yet almost everybody is afraid of them ! The body was found in a sitting posture against a beech tree. The face was distorted, the eyes protruding, as though the dead man had died in agony. His hat lay a few feet from him. His dress betokened one in com- fortable circumstances. He was a stranger, and no one ever remembered to have seen him. There was no money upon the corpse. The body, without special examination, was buried, we forget where. There were no wounds upon it, and no evidence of violence. At that day, public scrutiny was not so acute in reference to the mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murder was recorded. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A few days since, accident placed in our hands a copy of the Manchester (England) Examiner. In that number we found the dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulseman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated forty years ago, in the State of New Jersey, United States of America. The murdered man's name was James Eberhart. The murderer was acquainted with his victim in the old country ; and came out about one year before him. Hulseman was a tanner, and worked in New York. When Eberhartt came over he sought out his old acquaintance. He had about £200 in money. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman started with Eberhart on a tour through New Jersey. He had with him a flask of poisoned brandy, as he resolved to murder his friend for the money he had. They first stopped at Princeton, and then con- cluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pennington, the weather being pleasant, and public travel being greatly circumscribed. When within a mile of the latter place they stepped over into the woods, under a tree to partake of some victuals they had procured before starting. Hulseman then passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agony. Hulseman looked on all the while. He then robbed him of his money and set him up against the tree, as before described. There are still old men about Princeton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvelous that after the lapse of forty years this affair should have come to light by a death- bed confession, three thousand miles from the place of commission. And yet it is even so. 