t&OMEWARD; BOUND, VIA AMEBIC A. No. 2.— HONO LULU. An performance oi my promise to send a few . notes on Honolulu, you have this. On the arrival of the Wonga Wonga, the only steamer waiting to carry us on was the Idaho, belonging to the North Pacific Transportation Company, a small steamer, and of weak power, and ! already partly filled with, passengers from the island. Many of the Australian passengers con cluded to stop (myself amongst the number) until the next steamer. Those passengers who went on, however, arrived safely in fourteen days : and an- other steamer, the Ajax, larger, with capacity for some 250 first-class passengers, has arrived, and is now waiting for the hourly-expected City ef Melbourne. I understand that permanent arrangements have been concluded with the N.P.T. Company, which has the United States contract for a monthly mail to these .islands, to supply a power ful steamer monthly to connect with the Aus tralian line. The Ajax came down in nine days, and the company promise still better boats. I am informed that the passengers, although crowded, were far more comfortable in the Idaho than the Wonga Wonga, the American arrange ments being so far superior. Mir. Hall, the pro moter, went right through, and has returned. He informs me that he has secured great advantages for the Australian passengers, par- . ticulary in a reduction of the fares on the train through, or as they call it here, " the cars." This reduction for all Australian " through" pas sengers, and by the best (mail) steam lines, will amount to no less than £15. Passengers can now be hooked through from Sydney to Liver pool or Southampton, first-class throughout, for £76 10s., two months on the transit, and 2501b. of luggage to each passenger being allowed free. The Government of Honolulu and San Fran cisco have acted in the most praiseworthy man ner, remitting all harbour, port, and luggage duties, and doing their very utmost to forward . the interests of the new line and the comfort of the passengers. Some thirty or forty passengers go through to Australia from this ; Miss Mary Gladstane, an actress of American reputation, \- amongst the number. Honolulu is on the island of Oahu, and is the seat of government, and is possessed of the best harbour in the islands. There is about a 25ft. deep channel through the reef to the inner harbour, and good anchorage under the lee of the island outside ; there are pilots, lighthouses, Custom-house, etc. The duties are heavy. You are aware, possibly, that this is a little kingdom, with a big king, Kamekamelia V., and very likely the last of his dynasty, and about three queens, although the King is unmarried. The most interesting of the queens is H.M. Queen Emma, widow of the late king, the younger brother of the present monarch. She is a simple, quiet lady, doing much good and uni: versally respected. During ourstay the Parliament was opened by the King in person. He was es corted by the whole of his standing army, con sisting of about 150 horse and foot, native and foreign, the latter volunteers ; he was accom panied also by his band, consisting of one drummer and one fifer, and the drummer, in ad dition to the vigorous performance of his duties, found time, in the middle of a roll, to use his drumstick to clout a hoy on the head who got in . the line of the procession, resuming his drumming as though nothing had happened. The King keeps a sorceress, who is said to have great in fluence over him, and a court jester ; and this latter official is found in the household of the Queen and of some of the princes. It is a strange fact that the chiefs and " chiefesses" (so called) are of a larger race than the general run of natxres. There is a full staff of ministers, principally whites, and the House is now in daily session, busied with the affairs of this extensive and really important kingdom. The proceedings are conducted in Hawaiian and English, the native orations being translated as they go along. There are several papers here — the Gazette , the Ministerial paper ; the Co?mnercial Ad vertiser, representing the Opposition and the mis sionaries ; and a squib called Bennett? s Own , devoted to temperance principles, I believe. They each publish weekly. The Gazette of last Wednesday contained the estimates and much general information. I send you a copy. The map will show you that there'are several islands, the largest being Hawaii, or Owky- liee, where there are one or two volcanoes in active eruption ; and all of them, except in the immediate vicinity of the lava.flow, very fertile. The volcanoes are 13,000ft. high, covered, of course, at the tops with snow. The productions of the islands are principally sugar and rice, each said to be the best of their kind j pulu, a kind of stuffing for couches, etc. ; coffee, cocoa nuts, and some arrowroot. The only market up to this time has been San Francisco, and it will be a perfect blessing to the islands if an Australian market is opened. The climate, which you might expect with euch productions, is tempered by the trade winds, which blow across the island nearly all the year round. The thermometer rules about 70deg. or 8Gdeg. ; but notwithstanding these low figures the sun has great power, and with the moisture carried on the wind keeps one in a continual perspiration. I think that to strangers generally the climate would prove somewhat enervating. The " foreigners," as all others than Kanakas are called, form a little society amongst them selves, and with balls and parties, occasional men- of-war, and now the monthly visitors by the steamers, manage to live a very jolly life. Pretty well everything can be got here ; there are flocks and herds, and plenty of fish in the harbour. Living is expensive, and everything dear, your constant consolation being that prices rule much higher in Frisco. The Kanakas live princi pally on a preparation of the taro root, known as " poi," in appearance like dirty paste, and which is eaten out of a calabash placed in the middle of the family circle — each helping himself or herself with his or her fingers, and conveying the delicious but viscous substance into his or her mouth with one, two, or three fingers, according to appetite ; raw fish and an occasional cooked dog forming the extra delicacies. This poi produces obesity, particularly amongst the females. Their dress is peculiar, and suited to this state of things — one loose robe over alL High and low, rich and poor, amongst the native females wear this, of the one shade ; but of all materials, from holland to satin, and of all colours, black and the very gayest being pre ferred. All are particularly fond of ornamenting themselves with flowers, of which there are many of gorgeous colours and rich perfumes. The natives are said to be dying off rapidly, it is said from .the consequences of the rices of civilisation, The Americana muster in great force hepe., They have a minister and a consul. We Britishers also supposed to havea consul, ImtTltov© j never been able ,to see him. yet. Fortunately, I wanted nothing. - The Americans really form a sort of protectorate here, and on thedecease of the present King they will, I, have little donb "annex" the islands. The present King is, as I . said, childless, and likely to remain, so by all accounts, and there appears to be no, direct heir, these matters being a little mixed here. The one thing which lowered my insular pride was the, disagreeable fact that my carefully- hoarded British sovereigns were only worth 19s. each, or 4doL 75c. This went to the root of all my traditions. I looked on the British sovereign ftTii! the British Constitution as being alike fixed and solid facts, but my confidence has been rudely shaken. Our crown pieces only pass for dollars, our half- crowns, for half-dollars, but our- shillings for quarters — this last item, I am afraid, will soon be altered, and shillings refused. There is a banker here, -Bishop and Co., cor responding with the Oriental Bank in London. There is an American club and an English club, but they don?fc come up to our idea of clubs, their principal feature being a billiard table, and another the absence of all drinks. I have not seen a drunken man here yet. The punishment is very severe, 6doL fine, to be worked out in the chain gang at 25c. per diem. One miserable Australian ecclesiastical importa tion was sent to the chain gang for thirty-eight days — fancy a chain gang for thirty-eight days for simple drunkenness ; but in his instance, after he had recovered from his delirium in the . hospital, some of his co-religioni6ts paid his fine and re leased him. The horse is a great institution in Honolulu. Everybody keeps at least one. The natives are passionately fond of riding — the Kanaka ladies, as I said, invariably riding a-straddle. They use Mexican saddles almost universally, with the logger-head in front, many with wooden stirrups, and their spurs with rowels two inches across. The horses are generally bad, not one iu a hun dred worth anything — price, from 5dol. upwards, Our eminent tragedian, the great Walter Montgomery, left this by the Ethan Allan for San Francisco a fortnight since, taking his new equine favourite with him. He did very well with his readings, until some of his eccentricities popped out, when they fell off. He was, how ever, very popular, and amongst the best people, notably with Queen Emma and her friends. He fully expects to be shot in San Francisco ; and, in deed, it would not be surprising. Miss Cleveland stayed over, and, assisted by Mr. Leathes, has been giving entertainments, duologues in costume, and has perhaps paid her expenses, but not much more. This night she- has a command from the King, and is playing "Leah" and "Hamlet," Leathes playing Horatio, the Ghost, First Actor, and First Gravedigger. The theatre is emphati cally not much. The people here are usually kind and hospi table, but there is a numerous class who when they happen on a stranger take him in naturally. It is a dear place, and Iago's advice to " put money in tliy purse" is especially sound with regard to this place. With regard to lodgings, the people are bestirring themselves to get a hotel built, but apartments are to be obtained at about Royal- terrace prices. I have been exceptionally fortu nate. The 'Chinese usually act as cooks, the Kanakas doing the washing and other household work. Their wages are good, and they are very independent, frequently changing masters. With regard to Australian passengers, the contractor intends to make the connections very close, the stay here certainly not; exceeding twelve hours ; but when the infeer-island steamer is running, it will be quite worthwhile to stay for a month, if only to visit the volcanoes, and take a lesson as to the formation of the earth's sur face. She is to be put on again in a month or two. There are a few rides and drives in this island, notably, one ride to a precipice called the " Pali," about six miles out ; another to the cocoanut groves. The road up the valley is very pretty — handsome villa residences on either side, rivulets running down each side of the road, and irrigated fields. Irrigation is much used in growing taro, which is good root and branch, either boiled and sliced, or pounded and fried in cakes, to say nothing of poi ; 'and the leaves are used for spinach. In conclusion, these are merely jottings, without any order or literary pretensions, and I have no time to revise ; but they are reliable. — Yours, etc.. Honolulu, 21st May. B. E. L. 