OLD LADIES. (Saturday Review.) One type of old Lady, growing yearly scarcer is the old lady of Radical political tendencies based on the doctrines of Voltaire and Paine's " Rights of man "-the old lady who remem- bers Hunt and Thistlewood and the Birmingham riots, who talks of the French revolution as if it was yesterday, and who has heard so often of the Porteus mob from poor papa that one would think she had assisted at the hanging Herself, She is an infinitel old woman, for the most part birdlike- chirrupy, and wonderfully alive. She has never gone beyond her early teaching, but is a fossel Radical of the old school, and she thinks the Gods departed when Hunt and his set died out. She is an irreligious old creature, and scoffs with more cleverness than grace at every thing new or earnest; she would as lief see Romanism rampant at once as this new fangled mummery they call Ritualism ; and Ro minism is her version of the unchaining of Satan. As for science-well, it is all very won- derful, hut more wonderful she thinks than true ; and she cannot quite make up her mind about the spectroscope or the protoplasm. Of the two, the protoplasm commends itself most to her imagination, for private reasons of her own connected with the Pentateuch ; but these things arc not so much in her way as Voltaire and Diderot, Volney and Tom Paine, and she is con- tent to abide by her ancient loves, and to leave the leaping-poles of science to younger and stronger hands. And this type of the old lady is for the most part an ancient spinster, whose life has worn itself away in the arid deserts of mental doubt and emotional negation. If she ever loved it was in secret, some thin-lipped embodied idea long years ago ; but most likely she did not get even to this unsatisfactory length, but contented herself with books and discussions only. If she has ever honestly loved and been loved, perhaps she would have gone beyond doubt, and have learned something holier than a scoff. The old lady of strong instinctive affec- tions, who never reflects and never attempts to restrain her kindly weaknesses, stands at the other end of the scale. She is the grandmother par excellence, and spends her life in spoiling the little ones, cramming them with sugar-plums and rich cake whenever she has the chance, and nullifying mamma's punishments by surrepti- tious gifts and goodies. She is the dearly be- loved of our childish recollections, and to the last days of our life we cherish the lememberance of the kind old lady with her beaming smile, taking out of her large black reticule, or the more mysterious recesses of her unfathomable pocket, wonderful little screws of paper, which her withered hands thrust into our chubby fists; but we can understand now what an awful nui sance she must have been to the authorities, and how impossible she made it to preserve auything like discipline and the terrors of the domestic law in the family. The old lady who remains a mere child to the end, who looks very much like a faded old was doll, with her scanty hair blown out into trans- parent ringlets, and her jaunty cap bedecked with flowers and gay-coloured bows, who cannot rise into dignity or true womanliness; who knows nothing, can give no advice, has no sen- timent of protection, but on the contrary de- mands all sorts of care and protection for her- self-she, simpering and giggling as if she were fifteen, is by no means an old lady of the finest tjrpe. But she is better than the leering old lady who says coarse things, and who, like Beranger's immortal creation, passes her time on regretting her plump arms and her well turned ankle, and the lost time that can never be recalled, and who is altogether a most un edifying old person, and by no means nice com- pany for the young. Then there is the irascible old lady, who rates her servants, and is free with full-flavoured epithets against sluts in general; who is like a tigress over her last un- married daughter, and, when crippled and dis- abled, still insists on keeping the keys which she delivers up when wanted only with a snarl and a suspicious caution. She has been one of the race of active housekeepers, and has prided herself on her exceptional ability that way for so long that she cannot bear to give up, even when, she can no longer do-any good; so she sits in her easy chair, like old Pope and Pa- gan in " Pilgrim's Progress," and gnaws her fingers at the younger world which passes her by. She is an infliction to her daughter for all the years of her life, and to the last keeps her in leading-strings, tied up as tight as the sinewy old hands can knot them ; treating her always as an irresponsible young thing that needs both guidance and control, though the girl has passed into the middle-aged woman by now-a poor spiritless thing, that has faded before she has fully blossomed, and dies like a fruit that has dropped from the tree before it has ripened. Twin sister to this kind is the grim female be- come ancient ; the gaunt old lady with a stiff backbone, who sits upright, and walks with a firm tread like a man ; a leathery old lady, who despises all your weak slips of girls that have nerves and headaches and cannot walk their own paltry mile without fatigue; a desiccated old lady, large-boned and lean, without an ounce of superfluous fat about her, with keen eyes yet, with which she boasts that she can thread a needle and read small print by candlelight ; an indestructible old lady, much bedraped in wollen shawls, given to frequent sippings of brandy and-water, and ensconced in the chimney corner like a huge clay figure set to dry. For her the indestructible old lady, who looks as if nothing short of an earthquake would put an end to her. The friend of her youth is now a stout, soft, helpless old lady has the supremest contempt, heghtened in intensity by a vivid remembrance of the time when they were friends and rivals. Ah, poor Laua, she says, straightening her- self, she was always a poor creature, and see what she is now ! To those who wait long enough, the wheel always comes round, she thinks ; and the days when Laura bore away the bell from her for grace and -sweetness and loveableness generally are avenged now, when the one is a mere mollusc and the other has a serviceable backbone that will last for many a year yet. Then there is the musical old lady who is fond of playing small anonymous pieces of jiggy character, full of queer turns and shakes -music that seems all written in demisemi quavers,and that she gives in a tripping, catching way, as if the keys of the piano were hot. Some- times she will sing, as a great favour, old world songs that are almost pathetic for the thin and broken voice that chirrups out the sentiment with which they abound; and some- times, as a still greater favour, she will stand up in the dance, and do the poor uncertain ghosts of what were once steps, in the days when dancing was dancing, and not the grace- less lounge it is now. But her dancing-days are over, she says, after half a dozen turns ; though, indeed, sometimes she takes a frisky fit, and pays for it the next day. The Munich Theologians and thb CouNCiL-^The " Second Reply of the Theo- logical Faculty of Munich" to the questions put bfctbre them regal dina the eventual eifects of tho (Ecumenical Council has been published. The following is the concluding paragiaph of the reply :-.. From this detailed reply to the five questions there follows the dogmatic gene val result-that an eventual sanc'ioning on the pai t of the next (Ecumenical Council of the Syllabus in its present state, and its raising into a dogma, on the pait of the Council, of the infallibility of the Pope, as speaking ex cathedra, would not alter directly, as such, the existing status, quo between State and Church^ and would not carry with it the doctrine of a divinely ordained soveieiguity of the Pope over the monaielis and Governments as one binding in conscience upon every Christian, and as little would the further doctriue of the divine origin of the personal and real immunities of the clergy, not meiely in benefit but also in de- tail, and purely as such, produce any alteration in the school teaching as far as the relations between Church and State are concerned." To Clear a Room of Mosquitoes.-As some of our readers may be eo itemplating tiavel. they may like to hear what a writer in a South Carolina paper says :-" I have hied the following, a^d find it to work like a charm : Take of gum camphor a piece about one-third the size of an eg.:, and evaporate it by placing it in a lin vessel, and holding it over a lamp or candle, taking care that it does not iguite. The smoke will soon fill the room, and expel the mosquitoes. One night I was terribly annoyed by them, when I thought of and tried the above alter which I never saw or heard them that night, and the nest morning there was not one to be found in the room, though the window had been loft open all that night.' Wibe Tbamway.-The longest stretch of the wiro tramway, or railway, for carrying goods and air on telegraph-posts was on the Bardon Hill line, 200 feet ; bnt for one now in course of construction the greatest distance to be spanned by the wiies is 700 yards. The.ie are now twenty-seveu short lines on this system at wo- k of in progress, principally on the Cea tinent. The longest distance spanned by a single wire rope, but not on this system, is about 1,100 yards at Pastarena in the Alps, but which will be sup3*seded by a wire-way. . A New Pekil.-Time makes sad havoc with our most cherished allusions. What institu- tion have we in this country more highly and universally respected than the tomato ? asks the Neto York Times. His old name-of love apple shows what a hold it has upon the popular heart. Who can believe this meek, innocent« looking, health-giviug fruit is the nurse of a reptile more venemous than the rattlesnake? Yet such is the report. Dr. Fuller, of Syracuse, the Carthage República* informs us, " has in his office a tomato worm, measuring five inches in length, and weighing an ounce. I-t was taken from a tomato vine in his garden, and is now securely inclosed in a glass bottle. It oats and digests twenty times its own weight of tomatoes and tomato leaves. It eats constantly, except resting occasionally from one to two minutes. This worm was first 'discovered this season, and is as poisonous as a rattlesnake. It poisons by throwing spittle, which it can throw from one to two feet. Th's spittle strik- ing the skin, the parts commence at once to swell, and in a few hours death endsthj agonies of the patient. Three cases of death in conse- quence of this poison have recently been re- ported. The medical profession is much ex- cited over this new enemy to human existence. It is advisable for persons picking tomatoes to1 wear .gloves. The question arises whether or not a tomato partly devoured by one of these vermin, and then afterwards eaten by a person, may not have sufficieot virus left upon it to poison the one who cats it." If this story can- not be contradicted emphatically and at once, the amount of land devoted to the culture of tomatoes in this part of the world will be sud- denly and rapidly reduced. We do not care to give hospitality to visitors who eat twenty times their own weight, and whose saliva is a deadly venom._ Science and Abt.-A striking instance of the immense value a small piece yof steel may acquire by the great power of skilled mechani- cal labor is the balance-spring of a watoh. From its extreme fineness and delicaey 4,000 weigh not more than one ounce, and exceed in value .£1,000. A most interesting little work, de- . scribing the rise and progress of watchmaking* has been published by J. W. Benson "25, Old Bond Street, and the City Steam Factory, 58 and 60, Ludgate Hill. The book, which is pro- fusely illustrated, gives a full description of the various kinds of watches and clocks, with their prices. Mr. Benson (who holds the appoint« ment to the "Prince of Wales) has also pub- lished a pamphlet on,Artistic Qold Jewellery, illustrated with the most beautiful designs of Bracelets, Brooches, Earrings, Lockets, &c.;, &c;, suitable for Wedding, Birthday, and other presents. These pamphlets are sent post free for two stamps each, and they cannot be too strongly recommended to those contemplating a purchase, especially to residents in the country or abroad, who are thus enabled to select any article they may require, and have it forwarded: with perfect safety. ' - - 