RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. First Day. The sixteenth annual Conference of the Aus tralasian Wesleyan Methodist Church commenced its sittings in Pirie-street Chapel, Adelaide, on Thursday mornincr. January 20, at 10 a.m. The President (Rev. W. L. Binks) opened the Conference by announcing the hymn com mencing ' And are we yet alive,' which having been sung, prayer was offered by the Rev. Messrs. Watkin and Rabonk. Tho roll was called, and the President then rose and stated that by the vote of the last Conference the Rev. George Hurst had been nominated as President for 1870. That nomina tion had been confirmed by the British Confe rence. He then read the minute in which the appointment had been made and the paragraph of the address of the British Conference refer ring to the appointment. Addressing the new President, he said— Mr. President Hurst, I now with pleasure lay down the office which I have held through the kind suffrages of my brethren, and retire from the chair to make room for you. I hand you the Conference seal, with earnest prayer that the year of your presidency may be one of peaceand prosperity. The President (the Rev. G. Hurst), on taking the chair, thanked the ex-President, and said:— ' My dear Brethren— When, 11 years ago, I left the British Conference and united myself to the Australasian, I little thoughtthat I should ever occupy the very honourable and important position in which, I this day have been placed by my brethren hi the rising Methodist Church in these flourishing colonies, and by those of the noble Church in our fatherland, from which we are proud to have sprung and to be still connected, not only, by doctrinal sentiment, ecclesiastical usages, and warm Christian affection, but also by constitutional law. Justasthepeopleinthese beautiful colonies glory in their British descent, are deeply interested in Britain's honour and prosperity, and have no desire to sever their connection with the grand old country, with BWn'dbre institutions 'and glorious history;' so* tie, as a Church, rejoice in our descent from English Methodism, are deeply concerned in its purity and BUccess, 'Said, though in a distant 3phere, desire to -Kve and labour in' intimate union with it. For the position in which my brethren have placed ine lam 'conscious tb&t; I possess but tfew intellectual -or even spiritual qualifications; and in order -J5iat I may discharge i the duties of my office with any wcedit to myself and aay profit to the Cfc&rch;, I am deeply con vinced that I shall n«*d the assistance of God and your sympathy and help. But if firm ! belief in Wesleyan -*ocfrine, if cordial approval of Methodist ecclesiastical polity, if full con fidence in the -admirable adaptation of the agencies of our Church to accomplish the purposes for which the Church of God exists, and if fervent desire to see those agencies everywhere successful, constitute any qualification for the distinguished position in which you have placed me, and will be any help in the discharge of its important duties, in these respects, I am as well qualified as most men. And it would be no credit either to my head or my heart were I not. I was born in Methodism, and trained within its bosom. It was the Church of my ancestors, and my family have been con nected with it from the time it was introduced into my native place to the present day. Some of its members have occupied honourable positions in it, and have materially assisted in its' establishment and extension, and some, I am happy to say, now hold the highest offices which Circuits can give^ As for me, I owe all I have and am to it. Its influence over me and all my interests has been beneficial in the highest degree. In early life its ministry deeply and permanently impressed my mind with the truth and supreme importance of spiritual and eternal things, though for a time I did not yield up my heart to Him that made it, but allowed it to wander in the pursuit of sinful pleasure. Thirty-six years since, however, when my late reverend and most beloved brother Benjamin, who with the late Reverend Francis Tuckfield was the first Wesloyan Missionary appointed to Port Phillip, in Victoria, preached his farewell sermoa on leaving his home to enter the Wes leyan ministry in England, all my early impressions were revived and deepened, 'and 6oon after I received by faith in Christ a clear sense of re conciliation with God, and the regeneration of my nature by the power of the Holy Ghost. How much I now owe and shall owe for ever to that farewell sermon of my sainted brother, whose iufluenco led me to religion and God, only eternity will toll. When I saw him leave his father's home for these shores, and when I fell upon his neck and kissed him, little did I think that after the lapse of so many years I should follow him ; and oven less did I think that, after he was removed to Heaven, from tho chair of this Conference I should have the honour and the inexpressible pleasure of ex pressing my profound obligations to him. But my attachment to Methodism is not purely hereditary, but also the result of intelligent conviction. I have brought its doctrines to tho test of God's Word, examined its polity in the light of the general principles of Church govern ment taught in the Holy Scriptures, and com pared its agencies and efforts with those of the Apostolic Church; and am satisfied that it holds ' the faith which was once delivered to the saints,' and that it follows tho practice which commanded the approval of inspired men. And to mo it seems that my convictions are in accor dance with another class of facts, which I con ceive may bo adduced in support of the substantial agreement of tho principles and figencios of Methodism with the teaching of the New Testament and the usages of the primitive Church. ShaN I say too much, employ the language of prejudice or of truth, when I affirm that it has commandod the approval and blessing of God everywhere ? The youngest of the Pro testant Churches in the British Empire, or in English-speaking nations, it is tho largest and the most successful. During the 130 years of its existence it has built more churches, erected more Sunday - schools, converted, through the power of God, more souls, and raised more numerous Societies than any of tho older Churches. In England, in the United States, and in the Dominion of Canada, it has multiplied its adherents by many millions ; while its missions in Central America, tho West [ndies, the Continent of Europe, the East, Southern and Western Africa, India, China, md Polynesia, are among its highest glories, md the result of its most successful labours. All these facts are evidences of true religious life, and of the existence of the presence and blessing of God in the Methodist Church. In this southern world God has been with us, and He has crowned our labours with a gratifying measure of success. When I say that God has been with us and crowned our efforts with His blessing, I do not merely refer to the mimistry, but to the whole Church, and to all its agencies. With you, I do not believe in any of tho un scriptural and preposterous claims in behalf of the , priesthood which in various Churches are upheld in the present day; and I am persuaded that neither you nor I are in any danger of attempting to lord it over the Church of God. Even our ministry is shared by our laity in two important particulars; and I rojoico that it ia 30\. Indeed, I regard this fact as one of the Ejreat glories of our Church, as one of tho ijreat elements of its strength, and as one of the great causes of its success. From tho beginning the Methodist Church has been the sfreat patron and employer of lay agency ; and I am fully satisfied it could not have been in any part of the world what it is this day apart from the piety and labours of our leaders and local preachers. When other Churches ore awakening to the importance of lay agency, it is not likely that we, who have proved its value for more than a century, shall undervalue it, or employ it less than has been our wont. By tho combination of minis terial and lay agency in theso colonies, not only have the foundations of a prosperous Church been laid, but the building is seen to bo rising everywhere in somewhat massive and beautiful proportions. But the success of tho past should stimulate us to renewed and even more vigorous exertions. While the ground already reclaimed will require much effort and care, thorc is a vast field before us all but untouched. Tho. masses of the people in all these colonies are far from God, regardless of spiritual religion, and unmindful of tho beauties and advantages of virtuous life; and we owe it to God, to them, and to ourselves, to take our full share in their evangelization. Our agencies are well adapted to reach them, and they must be faithfully em ployed. Wealth and talent and time must be sacredly devoted to that great workwhichGodhas given us to do, and in the full measure of our duty. Both the talent and the time of the Church may be zealously employed; but if they be separated from its wealth, to a great extent their employment will fail. The Church will never rise to the measure of her duty, and there fore never to the full measure of her success, without a righteous consecration of the whole. In these new countries all the material ap pliances of the Church — chapels, parsonages, and schools — have to be raised from their founda tions in the wilderness, generally whore the people are few and feeble; and their spiritual needs can never be met unless Christian people give to God of their substance as He has prospered them. Well would it be for these new countries, in all their interests, were all the wealth in the Methodist Church, which ought to bo devoted to the extension of religion and virtue and happiness, sacredly consecrated to this ob ject. But in the extension of our Church it will be well if we always properly distinguish between mere Church life and true spiritual life; and if we diligently cultivate the latter, Church life, or zeal for the honour and aggrandizement of our community, might possibly enable us to fill theso colonies with ecclesiastical buildings, and yet spiritual death reign in all our borders. Having Church life we might be a corpse, beautifully decorated with flowers it is true, but nothing but a corpse. In that case, so far as tho salvation of men is concerned— the one great purpose for which the Chur*ch of God exists— the Methodist Church might as well cease to be. With the extension of the form of religion, let it be our ono great object to spread its inner life and soul-saving power. Let us ever remember the words of our founder, 'It is your business to save souls.' That is the ono great work of the .Church of God in this world, and if she fail in that it will matter but little' in what she may succeed; Let our ministry be directed to this one point, and let nothing for one moment divert our attention from it. Let, Christ and Him crucified, and all the momentous blessings resulting from His sacrificial death-^present arid conscious pardon, regeneration by the Holy Spirit, adoption, the Spirits direct witness to our spirits that we are the children of God, and entire sanctification— be the great themes on which we principally dwell. Those were tho great truths, applied by the Divine Spirit, which awoke from tho dead the Church of God in tho 18th century; and these are the truths, thus applied, which will keep it awake. The preaching of any other doctrines will utterly destroy its life, and render it com pletely powerless for spiritual purposes. Metho dism, through the Divine blessing, has always been a converting power, and I trust we shall take care that it shall never lose that power. Let us be mere than ever true to our ancient purpose—' To spread scriptural holiness through tho land,' holiness founded in true religious experience, in the sanctification of human nature by tho Spirit of God. The Methodist ministry at all times and in all places should be experimental and practical, pro moting inward religious life and all external god liness. It should be these above all other things, but not at the expense of all other things. These elomeuts should be combined with every other qualification which can make a successful ministry. The Methodist ministry should be as learned as it is experimental and practical — learned in the general acceptation of that term, but especially in every branch of divinity. 1 rejoice very much that both ministers and people are fully alive to the importance of this, and that in all theso colonies they have taken initiatory steps to give tho candidates for our ministry a suitable training for their important work. The existenco of Newington, Wesley, Prince Alfred, and Horton Colleges is a pleasing fact, clearly showing tho desire of the Methodist people in all parts of this 'southern world' to promote every branch both of secular and sacred learning. For while theso Colleges givo to the young gentlemen of Melhodism a sound commercial and classical education, they also endeavour to give to the ministry, or at least to a portion of it, a sound theological training. But in this latter respect they are not all wo desire— they aro not all that is urgently needed, and 1 even hope they aro not all it is possible to get. I am inclined to think that something more adequate to the needs of tho Church, and more in accordance with its numbers, wealth, and respectability, can yet be done. At any rate something moro should be attempted without delay. I hope for much from the Colleges as they now are, and so I think should the whole Church. Wo shall all be much disappointed if many of the young men who receive a commercial and classical educa tion in them do not ultimately enter tho ministry and show in it the advantages of their early training. But it appears to me that tho Colleges already in existence will never fully meet the real wants of the ministry, and that the Church should always keep something moro perfect before it, and endeavour to realize it. I should liko to see— and so would you all, I believe, because wo aro satisfied that they aro what wo require— sufficient funds to give every candidate for our Ministry a suitable training, and a separate College in every colony in which he shall receive it. The latter, perhaps, wo cannot get at present, but I believe we can obtain the former. Hitherto we have only been able to givo a very limited number of candidates any training at all in the Colleges which exist, but we should without any further delay attempt to raise sufficient funds to train the whole. I hope that this Conference will direct that for this purpose collections shall be made in all our places of worship, and that subscriptions shall bo solicited from all our more wealthy people. If tho Adelaide Conference shall do this, it will please tho whole Church, and contribute in a vital point to its prosperity. There is ono other point on which I hope the Conference will bear with mo while I say a few words— our foreign missions. Any Church without missions to the heathen would be far below the true standard of Christian duty; but for any Methodist Church to bo without them would be a strange anomaly. I have always thought that it was well that tho Australasian Church took tho missions which are under its care, upon tho terms stated in the original agreement; but it would be better if we supported them without any assistance from England. I do not wish to affirm that I think we are able to do that at present; but I do wish to say that I earnestly hope wo shall sustain our missions with all the zeal and liberality with which they ought to bo supported, and that we shall aim at relieving tho English Missionary Society of any pecuniary obligation, at the earliest possible period, that it may devote its attention and strength to other parts of the heathen world, where they aro much needed. I should like to seo our missions altogether our own, flourishing entirely under our own care, -and hope that the time is not distant when it will be so. Having them, it seems tome to be both the duty and interest of the whole Church to be faithful to them. Our Church has always been essentially missionary, and it will be no advantage to it in any way to permit any portion of this glory to depart. A revival of tho missionary spirit I am sure would revive us in everything. I do not say that the missionary spirit has declined among us, but thatit would be no disadvantage to us were we to receive an increase of this good thing, and that I devoutly pray that the whole Church may bo thus enriched. I hope that this Conference will bo distinguished by the presence and blessing of God, both in its deliberations and public services. I am sure we are all animated by a desire to promote His glory, and that all wo say and do will only bo the expression of that desire. Let our discussions be marked by intelligence and freedom, faithfulness and brotherly love. Lot all that should bo said be said, and nothing more, and said in such a way as will not unne cessarily grieve any man. Lastly, let me have an interest, not only in your public but also private devotions that I maybe all that a Christian man, a Christian a minister, a Christian gentle man, all that any one who presides over you ought to bo.' Tho President on resuming his seat was loudly cheered. The Conference proceeded to the election of Secretary, tho result being tho reappointment of the Rev. Benjamin Chapman by a very large majority. On the nomination of the Secretary tho Rev3. C. H. Goldsmith and H. T. Burgess were appointed Assistant Secretaries. Tho Rev. J. G. Millard was chosen as official letter-writer. The Rev. J. BlCKKORD then moved, and the Rev. H. Gaud seconded— '?' That the cordial thanks of the Conference be presented to the Rev. William L. Binks for the able and highly satisfactory manner in which he has performed the duties of the Presidency during the past year.' This was unanimously adopted. The Ex- President, in reply, said ho was much obliged to the brethren. He felt much indebted to them for the kindness and for bearance they had shown him, and for the valuable help they had given him in all the im portant matters which had come before tho Conference. The past year had been an eventful, and in somo respects a painful one. They had been overtaken with calamities, in which some of their brethren had fallen under tho hand of violence; but he thanked God for the comfort and support ho had received. He had done his best. (Applause.) He moved— 'That the thanks of tho Conference bo given to the Rev. B. Chapman for his very efficient son-ices as Secretary during the past year.' This was seconded by the Rev. J. S. Waugh and carried unanimously. ' The Secretary read tho reply of the British Conference to the address of last year, and the Revs. Wills and Curnow were directed to prepare tho address for the present year. The hours of meeting were fixed as follows:— Morning, from half-past 9 to a quarter before 1; afternoon, from a quarter past 2 to 5. The minutes of tho District Meetings were banded in by the Chairman. A memorial from tho South Australian ] Temperance League in reference to the Total Abstinence question was presented. The Official Letter Writer was directed to prepare a reply. At 12 o'clock the doors were thrown open to the public, and the Conference prayer meeting commenced. There was a largo attendance, i Prayer was offered successively by the Revs. B. Chapman, J. Bickford, J. S. Waugh W A Quick, J. Watkin, A. Reid, and W. Curnow. ' The afternoon session was devoted principally to the questions—' Who are received into full connexion at this Conference?' and 'Who remain on trial V In reply to which the case of each probationer came under separate con sideration. . . 