.ITEMS OF IEWS. . A meeting 'of the Castlemaine Fire Brigade was held last evening ; and there was a goofl attendance'' of the members. Among the corre spondence read was a letter from the Ballarat West Fire Brigade, urging the necessity of a conference, composed of. delegates from each of t.hp Fire Ttrinadea in the colonv. beinu held in Melbourne at an early date, for the purpose of obtaining some recognition of their services from the Government. It was determined to co operate in' the movement. The following gentle men: were elected honorary members : — Messrs M'Clelland, Cooper, Newcombe, Froomes and Co., Beard, Sweeney, M'Gregor, Mellor, Lindsay, . Aitken,' Brandt, Gibson, Ryland, and Guerrero. The undermentioned persons are requested to call without delay at the Sub- Treasury, Barker- street, for payment of their accounts : — Amos J. W, Austin J. L. S., Austin B., Love S., Tre- main A., Sutton J. S. ' The 'annual ploughing match of tlie Newstead Agricultural Society takes place to-day.., It has been arranged to give an extra . prize ; for the lightest draught. The fine weather, and the usual good arrangements of the sooiuty ought to attract a large number of persons. The early train of yesterday brought up 80 new chum Chinese. Fifty of them got out at \- the Castlemaino . station and thirty went on to Sandhurst.1 This shows that this place is in fdvour with the celestials, and affords an index to what would be the result of the completion of tho Ooliban water scheme. ' i Tile heterodox and orthodox will alike smile at the incredulity which, it is alleged, has been displayed by some persons who profess ,to have seen the ghost of a boniface, whose mortal re mains were not long laid at rest. The supposed visitation has caused a good deal of alarm, bat there are a few who would like " to speak to it." We yeBterday inspected the stock of Mr Hay, who is temporarily staying at the corner of Moatyn and Hnrgreave streets, and the goods consist of very haudsomely bound family bibles, prayer books, and other books for use in public worship. There ie a great variety, which, of course, includes a variety of prices ; but there is not n single specimen of bookbinding and book- printing which is not in elegant taste, and, at the same time, partaking of a substantial quality. A schoolmaster named T. H. H. Gahagao, who must not bo confounded with Mr Galinn, of Barker-street, has been playing n nice littio game through the country. A few days ago he ap peared as defendant for a debt io the Police Court, nnd, as often happens in Castlemaine, where any travelling Jeremy Diddler can got credit, while the man who keeps his nose to the grindstone to fulfil the injunction, " owe no man anything," is unable to get the slightest en couragement, Mr Gahagan has easily succeeded in making as many victims here as in the other localities patronised by him in Ilia wan derings. He has now left a notice on his door, printed' in varied coloured ink, us follows : — Gone to Wangaratta. Address — T. H. H. Gahagan, Esq., FoBt-office, Wangaratta. " Until called for." At the Fryeratown Police Court, on Monday, the following caaea wero heard : Holmes V An- toine, for allowing a dog to kill two goats, the property of complainant, value 40s. Tho killing of the goats and their value were proved. Antoine celled two witnesses, who deposed that his dog waB not away from home on the day in question, but thoy failed to satisfy the Benoh, the animals not being kept on the chain, Finod 2s Od, 23s I damages, and 15s Od costs. Allen v same, kill ing one goat, same dog, valued at 20s. After going over similar evidence as in tho last case, a fine of ,2s 0/1 was inflicted,: with . 10s damages, and, 16s Od.. costs. . As defendant was leaving court, ho in e very insulting manner said he would take it out ; but bo was brought baok and sent to the lock-up for 12 hours ; but after ap hour hod olapsod he apologised for his rude be haviour, and was set at liberty. The Ballarat Star says, with referenoo to the Chinese question " Mr Gaunt has called our attention 10 the fact that, in the. present ptate of the law ho is powerless to put a stop to fan tan. In tho case of Sin. Ching, convicted and dealt with by a bench of magistrates at Maryborough for playing fan tan, on appeal to the Suprome Court, the present Attorpey-Ganeral contended that the game was not proved to be nn illegal one, and thnt the fact of persons cheating at it did not, according to the oase Region v Smith Brown, make it illegal. . The conviction was, on his arguments, . quashed, so tlmt at pre sent the administrators of the law have no authority under which to proceed in such oases." The roaders of the M. A. Mail, who hare paid any attention to the matter, will know that the local Benoh and this journal have long ago adopted the opinion Mr Gaunt now professeB. —Ed. M.A.M. Tho sale of diamonds from tho Mudgee Gold and Diamond Mining Company, N. S. W., which took plaoe at the offices of Mr H. A. Coffey, yesterday, was well attended, nnd the bidding for some of the liner specimens, the Argus says, were very spirited. Tho prices ranged from £10, which was paid for a stone of the finest quality,, weighing two carats, down to a very small price for the inferior specimens, which were only fit for glass-cutting. The diamonds, numbering 121, in all, were disposed of at prices whioh were con sidered satisfactory. A reward of £15 is offered for the discovery of the person or, persons who on the night of Friday last broke the windows of " All Saints " Church of England at Mount Moriac, We (Ad vertiser) are informed that this was a. most wanton outrage. Damage to the extent of at least £20 was done by stones being thrown through the windows. One of the stones weighed 301b, and a bucket containing dried mortar was thrown at the window on the north side of the church. It passed through, demolishing the win dow, and falling into the church. A worse case of malicious mischief has seldom been reported. Another sudden death,' says the Advertiser, occurred on Monday, at the Borough hotel, Bel mont. From what could be gathered, it appears that Mr David M'Donald, of Swampy Creek, who lias.been staying'at the hotel for fiye or six weeks, came down stairs shortly before 9 aun. He had a cup of coffee,, when he complained of being . unwell, upon which Mrs Mitchell made some gruel, and took it up to him, and then found him laying on his back, to all appearance dead. She immediately gave information to Ser geant Arkins, who sent for Drs. Donaldson and Pincott; before they arrived, however, life was extinct. All sorts of - rumours were about as to the cause of death, one being to the effect that the unfortunate man had - committed suicide by cutting his throat. What ' really did cause his death will probably be discovered at the post mortem examination. - The Ballarat Star relates the following story of a hoax which occurred on Saturday.: — '-At the. Corner, on Saturday, people were deceived by the report spread at Gordon, that the fortnight's yield from the Victoria mine was 300oz.; and several lost rather heavily by hastily buying under the belief that the : statement was correct. One instance is worthy of mention. A hotel-keeper, on the Gordon road, learnt when the coach stopped nt his house that the yield, was 300oz., and being informed by a person supposed to be reliable, and possessed of peculiar advantages for lenrning the truth, that it ' was right" to buy shares, started off on. horsebaok, arrived .before the coach, and bought at the Corner, at 34s. Shortly afterwards he found shares offered at 29s, nod ascertained that his kind adviser had left the coach before it pulled up at Cobb's office, and had as carefully abstained from giving Ballarat people intelligence as he had been willing to tender advice to buy. The coachman sincerely believed that the reportof the lnrgeyield was true, and he unwittingly caused the loss of a;good deal of money by repeating the news." The Bendigo. Advertiser is giving some good advice iti regard to' speculation to the people there, and we can only say that we hope that it will be taken, . The Advertiser saye :— ".What we wish to effect is' to point ont the pitfalls' which are preparing . for investors outside of \ that mystic- circle denominated the ' diamond cut diamond.' For the latter lot wo care little ; we feel about as much interest in their struggles as we would in watching a good row amongst a inob of crocadiles. Let them fight: the stronger willswallow the weaker. But for the sake of persons who go in for investing their snvings in legitimate mining enterprise we certainly, con demn tlie jobbing — we should call.it the gambling spirit — which hns lately become apparent in Sandhurst. A share mnrkot is undoubtedly, a good thing, because it enables any man who wishes to realise to do so ; but when it degenerates . into a sort of gambling-place the day cannot be far'off rfhen a crash will come. Many persons defend the position by stating that mining is roally and truly gambling. We denv it. . Gold mining is not ; share jobbing is. ' For what is gambling? Gambling is a speculation in which there must be a loser, and which must impoverish the many fiats to make rich the few Bharps, or those favoured by fortune. Legitimate gold mining — at least in this district — 1ms always been the means of doing pecuniary good, although it might come but slowly ; but share jobbing must in the end leave some ' in the hole.' No-' thing is more fatal and dangerous monetarily than that speculation in which there is bound to be few winners nnd certain to be many losers. The good Bense and experience of our investors have kept them from being extensively ' taken in ' os yet, but if the spirit of gambling, or share jobbing continues, we fear another six months will not tell a flattering tale." About half-past two on Monday' a boiler ex plosion, attended with the loss of one life, occurred nt the claim of the Queen Victoria Company, Canadian. Tlie mine was some time ago, says tlie Star, let to a. party of iributerB, and work of crushing commenced in earnest only last Tues day. The work went on smoothly enough till the time on Monday which we have mentioned, when .tho. mine manager coming up the blind , shaft from the underground workings heard a very heavy sound and felt tho ground shake violently. When he reached tlie top he found tlie crushing, machine stopped and the boiler which had been in nee lying at a distance of about fifty yards, from the position into whioh it had been built. The grouud lying between was all strewn over with the woodwork that had surrounded the boiler, and lie heard from the blanket boy that tlie engine-driver, who was also stoker, was probably killed. With the as sistance of those who collected about liim, the manager succeeded in d ragging from beneatli npile of woodwork, about ton ynrde'from the position in whioh tho boiler lav, the body of the engine- driver and stoker, .William Hill. It was yery much mangled, and it was evident that life had gone out of it on the instant of the explosion. ?A girt named Lizzy Crouch was found uenr to the snme spot in the direction of the shaft. She was found to have been only stuonod, however, and was removed . to her home at a short distance. Something in passing had struck her on the side of the head, so that alia bled from one of her ears, and Bhe had also received a blow on the arm from some light body. Very little is known of the cause of the acaident; but it . is said that the steem was at so high a pressure, and there was so little water in the boiler, that the de ceased, fearing an explosion; had 'begun to draw the fire; that the blanket boy had given him one bucket of water to throw on the embers, and was going to him with another when the explosion took plaoe./ It ia therefore probable that the water coming in contact with the boiler brought' about the catastrophe. Tlie eBoape of the girl Crouch was a moat miraottlons one. She was on her way up to tlie engine- room to see the clock, nnd hnd reached a point not more than ten yards from the boiler when it roue in the nit and passed Over her head. The unfortunate victim of the explosion !b a man aged about 26, who' had only been nbout eighteen months mar ried. He leaves a wife and oneoliild tota'ly un provided for, it is said. . A girl, about twenty, years ofage,ofa moat, pro- possessing appearance, nainod Pheobo M'Nair, was arraigned boforo Mr Gaunt, on Monday morning, cliurgod witli having ho lawful visible means of sup port. " Tho girl," says the Ballarat PoBt, " was a constant visitor to tlie various dens of vice in tho Eastern borough, and had resisted all attempts on the part of her parents' to rescue her from a lifo of degradation The mother of tho aeonsed was called, and with tearful onuntonanoo, 'dwelt at length upon the misery caused her by the life lior. daughter had chosen. -Silo had:n large family, she said, and the girl standing bofore her as a prisoner was the only one able to. vendor ber ' assistance. Sho had - used overy moans in trying to make her daughter reform, but to no purpose; She, however, prayed the/ bonch to job, her child depart only this; once,' to givo her another chance to .reform. Mr Gaunt said lie did not wish tho girl to go to .the devil headlong, and ho would only order her; roleuse upon the accused solemnly ; promising that she would leave her old haunts and ovil companions. Sorgonnt' Lamer said that tho mothor - had been most cruelly ill-treated by the Obinamen upon one occasion whon she wont to the camp and tried to got har daughter homo, He had never, yet met with so hardened a creature as the aeonsed was. Mr Gaunt lectured the aeouer d 'somewhat severely, and discharged her, upon the condition that ehe would roform and live with her mother." A public meeting was held on Monday evening at St. Patrick's Hall, ostonBibly, says tho Age, for the purpose of devising moans to relieve the colony from the depression now existing, but from the general tono of the speakers the meeting morged into one of abuse against Sir James M'Culloch and his colleagues, who were accused of having deserted their party. The advisability of starting a now penny paper to represent the viowe of tho meeting wae also strongly urged, nnd it was decided to ' start one under the name of the Tribuno. Mr Longmore, M.LA., oo- copied tho chair, and the room was crowded. The following resolutions were unanimously agreed to : — 1st. That this meeting deplores tho depression whioh is now felt by all aootions of tho community, and at tributes it to tho importance of articles which could be produced and manufactured in this colony, and especially to the improper interference of certain Government officials with our owa industries. 2nd.: That thiB mooting, observing the enormous falling off in tho expenditure upon publio works, and the alarming decrease, in the circulating modium, is of opinion that the working men of this colony should unite to protect themselves against tho dangers which are threatening them. 3rd. That this meeting is of: opinion that tho only effectual moans by which pros perity can' be secured, and the evils complained of in the fqrmer resolutions remedied, is to secure tho. return of representatives to Parliament pledged to, all. tho reforms domanded by the people, and to es-' tablish a journal devoted to the defence of native in dustry against foreign importations. A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meeting. 