THE PAPAL PROPOSITIONS. Tho propositions published by the Allgemeine JSdtung as intended for submission to the (Ecumenical Council were quoted in a recent number of the find, Aiistralische Zeiiung. It was there they attracted the notice of Father Hinterocker, and provoked from him the ex planation alluded to in our report of his recent sermon at the Cathedral. The Protestant Advo cate has since translated them, and as English readers have no doubt some curiosity on the subject, we may help to gratify it by repro ducing our contemporary's version: OF THE CHURCH OF CHBIST. I. If any person say that the religion of Christ does consist or is expressed, not in any parti cular society founded by Christ Himself, but that it can be properly kept and exercised by individuals without reference to any Society being the true Church of Christ-Let Mm be acciused. II. If any person say: That the Church of Christ has received £iom Christ the Lord no certain and unalterable form of constitution, but that, like other human societies, it had been subject to changes and alterations according to the diversity of the times, or that it could be made subject to such-Let him le accurscd. III. If any say: That the Church of Divine promise is not an external and visible Society, but that it is an essentially internal and invisible one-Let Mm be accursed. IV. If any say: That the true Church is not a body having unity in itself, but that it consists in the different and scattered communities who bear the christian name, and that is expanded through them ; or, that the several communities who differ from each other in their confessions of faith, and are separated from mutual com munion, are as it were the members or parts of the one general Church of Christ-Let him be accursed. V. If any say: That the Church of Church is not a society of absolute necessity for attaining to eternal salvation, or that man can be saved in the exercise of any religion-Let him be accursed. "VI. If any person say: That this intolerance, in which the Catholic Church outlaws and con demns all religious sects that are separate from her, is not prescribed by the Divine law; or, that about the truths of religious sects there only be opinions, not certainty, and that there fore all religious sects should be tolerated by the Church-Let him be c.ccv.rsed, VII. If any say: This very Church of Christ can sink into darkness, or be infected by dis tempers, through which she may err from the saving truth of faith and manners, deviate from her original constitution, or become degenerate and corrupt, and ultimately cease to exist-Let Mm be accursed. VIET. If any say: That the present Church of Christ is not tho last and supreme institution for attaining to salvation, but another is to be expected through a new and more full out pouring of the Holy Ghost-Let him be accursed. IX. If any say: That the Infallibility of_ the Church is limited to that only which is contained in the Divine revelation, and does not extend to such truths as are necessarily requisite for pre serving the treasure of revelation complete Let Mm be accursed. X. If any say: That the Church is not a per fect society, but only a "Collegian's;" or, that she is in such a position in the state of civil society as to make her subject to the secular dominion-Let Mm be accursed. XI. If any say: That the Church, instituted by God, is as it were a Society of Equals; and that the Bishops exercise an office or a service, but that they do not possess a power of govern ment of their own, as being entitled thereto by Divine institution, and of which they should have free exercise-Let him be accursed. XII. If any say: That our Lord and Saviour Christ did confer on His Church the power only of leading by advice and persuasion, but ?not to command by laws, and not to chastise and compel the erring and the stubborn by external sentences and wholesome punishments-Let Mm he accursed. XUL If finy say: That the true Church of Christ, out of which no one can be saved, is any other than the one holy Catholic and Roman Apostolical one-Let him be accursed. XIV. If any say: That the holy Apostle Peter was not constituted by Christ as the first of all the Apostles and visible head of the whole Church militant; or, that he was only the primacy of honour, but not its primacy of true power as his own-Let Mm be accursed. XV. If any say:-That it is not of Christ's own personal appointment that St. Peter has perpetually had successors in the primacy over the whole Church; or that the Pope of Borne is not by virtue of Divine right successor to that very primacy-Let him be accursed. XVL If any say: That the Pope of Rome has only the right of supervision, or leading, but not the full and supreme power and jurisdiction over the whole Church; or that such his power is not the ordinary and immediate one over all and every churches-Let Mm be accurscd. XVII. If any say: That an independent eccle siastical power such as according to the doctrine of the Catholic Church has been given to her by Christ, and a supreme civil society cannot subsist side by side, so as to preserve the rights of both -Let him be accursed. XVHI. If any say: That the power that is requisite for governing the civil states is not of God, or that obedience to the same is not owing as of God's own appointment, or that the same is inconsistent with the natural liberty of man Let Mm he accursed. XIX. If any say: That all the rights that subsist between man are derived from the political state, or that no authority exists except such as is derived from the State-Lei him be. accursed. XX. If any say: That the most supreme rule for conscience as to public and social acts, is in the laws of the political states, or in the public opinion of men: or that the decisions of the Church, by which she decides upon what is lawful or unlawful, do not extend to those acts; or that a tiling may be made lawful by civil law, which by the Divine or ecclesiastical law is unlawful-Lei him be accursed.. XXI. If any say: That the laws of the Church have no binding authority except in so far as they are confirmed by the sanction of the Civil power; or that it belongs to the Civil power by virtue of its supreme authority to give judg ments and decisions in matters of religion-Lei Mw he arrursed. 