NEW SOUTH. WALES PROTESTANT INSTITUTE. At the meeting of the Ncav South Wales Pro testant Institute, aa'hich took pilace on Monday evening in St. George's Church, Castlcreigh- street. The Sccret.ary read the folloAving rcpiort. We noticed amongst those present the Revds. Dr. Barry, Meyers, M'Cnlloch, Lcaa'ci's, Don.ald, aiid others. ' SECRETARY'S REPORT. Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen, — At this stage of the piroceedings it may not bo in appropriate or uninteresting to state in a foAV Avords the steps Avhich have lieen taken in con nexion Avith the formation of the Ncav South Wales Protest.uit Institute, of aa'hich this in- .augural meeting is the gratifjmg result. A fcAV months ago, tAVO or three geutlemcnt of simii.ar A'ieAVS in regard to the al.arming pirogress of Popery at the present time, and especially its developiment in Great Britain and her Colonies, NeAV South Wiilcs not being .an oxcepition, re- solA'cd to gi\'ethe matter their serious considera tion, and to ascertain aa'hether all aa'.as being done in .this colony that might be done to counteract the progressive tendencies of this dangerous system. They found on the side of the Church of Rome, what is patent to everyone who is willing to see it, a well organized Priesthood, arrogant, turbulent, and seditions ; worthily seconded by a powerful Lay association, which has its rami- fications in different parts of the Colony ; every member of which is under oath to advance the interests of the Church, as these are propounded by his superiors the Priests. There is also a people as a rule a'ery imper fectly educated, not only .submissive to the dictaters, but happy under the oppression of their rulers ; being made to believe 'that their eternal happiness or misery depends on unquestioning obedience ; and all of them trained and ready to act, separately or collectively, secretly or openly, in whatever way there is a probability of the interests of their Church being served ; and yet people as experience and the abundant grace of a God fully warrant the belief, for whom Christian effbrt may not be put forth in vain. On the other hand, it is not leas aa'cII knoAA'ii that Protestants, as a body, present no such or- ganis.ation as the Church of Rome boasts ; the picrsonal freedom Avhich Protestantism secures to every individual is .antagonistic alike to tyranny' in rulers, and serfdom in the ruled. Protestants are consequently divided in their opinions, not only as to the extent of the danger to be appre- hended, but also as to the nature of the means which are best calculated to meet ami counteract it, .as well as to the manner in which those means should be .applied. It is necessary therefore for Protestants to unite upon some common ground inside of their Protestantism ; this plan has long been acted upon, and good and noble men who have not al- av.aj's received that credit to aa'hich they aa'hero entitled, have thus stood in the breach on occa-: sions aa'hen it might be said the rest of the Pro testant world was asleep. In this colony, such organizations have long existed, and in recent times, greater numbers than heretofore have flocked to their standai'd, These societies, hoAvever, from their nature, li.aA'e been more conservative of the rights of Protestants, than preventive of the wrongs of the. Romanists ; more moral and piolitical iip their action, than religious and missionary ; and, hence, a field of gi-e.at importance has been left nnoccupiied, .at le.ast in this colony, and which it is the intention of the Ncav .South Wales Pro. testant . Institute in a spicci.al maimer to t.ake up), and it is suificicnt to s.ay that it is the same field which the .Scottish Reformation Society entered a quarter of a century ago, and in Avhich th.at noble Institute has done good service to the cause of Protestantism, not only in Great Britain, but throughout the Avorld. The object, there, fore, of the Ncav South Wales Protestant Insti. tute, and tlie me.ans of attaining it, as set forth in its rules, .are as folloAvs : — "To defend and .advance the Principles of Protestantism ; to guard the civil and religious rights .of Protestants ; to promote a spirit of loy.alty to the British throne, being Protestant ; and, thus, as f.ar .as piossiblc, to secure the peace .and prospierity of the colony. "To endeavour to .att.ain its object by means of the Press, pniblic lectures, cl.a.sses and library ; .aiid by ess.ays, discussions, readings and recita. tious by its members. Each member shall be held to liave piledged liimself to be h'Val to the British Throne and Constitution — being Protestant — exempilary in his i conduct .as a Protestant subject ; and to guard the interests of this lu.stitute. All meetings of this .Institute, and of the Board thereof, sh.all be opened and closed aa'ith pr.ayor. " No member shall be alloAved to impugn tha divine authority of the Scriptures of the Old and Ncav 'J.'estaments, or to expiress A'icAVS or adA'ise piroccdure at A'ari.ance Avitli their teach ing." Dr. McGibbon deliA'ered the in.augural .address, and dAA'elt in the outset iipion the st.ate of Protest;. .autism in Eiigland and tliis colony, and shewed tlic great need foi' such societies. He then piroceedcd .as folloAVs : — I am g'l.ad that in the establishment of this Protestant Institute the Religious element is to be distinctly prominent; We are not going to .assume to be political leaders. Not that we are afraid to avow our politics, nor to .avow that, .at the present day .and in such a country as ours, politics occupy a most important place. We have only to look at the miserable state ef parties in this colony to see how important is the branch of " Protestant Politics. When we see how one third of the population can piracti- cally coerce the other two thirds ; when we see howthat one third is flattered and courted and served by those who are in power ; when we see how the funds of the country have been Largely expended in bringing that third to these shores; when we see that the poverty and crime of that third are the chief cause of cost for asylums and gaols ; when we see how the Priests of that sec tion mix themselves up with political strifes, .and suggest the power of " rotten eggs ;" when we see too how they persist in their attempts to bring legislation under the influence of their Romish creed, as in the primary .School Bill, and only recently in the Matrimonial Bill ; — when we see all this, I say, we have abundant proof that Protestant Politics have yet to be learned by those who pretend to be the fathers of the people. And, 1 would to God, that some noble Cromwells would rise up .amongst us, .and walk into the Halls of our Macquarie street yonder' ! '.fhc aa'hole concern needs a clean SAveepiing out ! W e Av.ant honest men , — men avIio are unblemished in their ch.aracter and incorruptible in their prhi- cipiles, — men whose love of country is far .above the emoluments of place, — men whose Iove of truth and integrity of purpose are as transparent as the light, — men whose Protestantism is a living protest against the claims and abomina tions of Rome ; and such men as these aa'dl be as faithful in conserving all the rights of Romanists, as in taking care that their insidious workings shall not destroy nor yet infeeble the Protestant character of our laws and institutions. But, as there must be a division of labour, aa'o releg.ate to others the questions of politics, and this In stitute intends to deal directly with the question of religion. We thus offer to all Protestants, of every denomination, the very wide platform of our "common Protestantism." We liaA'c no thing to do with the party politics of Cowper and Martin, and, therefore,- in the membcrsbiTi of the Institute we may have the friends of both. We have nothing to do with the minor questions which, have divided the Protestant part of the Christendom into a hundred fragments, and Avhich Avhile maldngus dispiute among ourselves, have made us very feeble .against the common foe. Members of all the Evangelical Churches may here agree. Episcopialians, Presbyterians, Congregationalists, "Wesleyans, and Baptists may here meet on common grounds; Here they may recognize the common bond of their brotherhood. Our Protestant Institute will thus be the nucleus of an Evangelical Alliance. Working together - praying together— and lighting together we may see the good and be benefited by the good which all our Protestant denominations possess. As the groat questions will be — What is truth '? What is the truth of the New Testament' What is the religion of Christ '? Is the religion of Rome the religion of the Apostles ? And, arc the claims of the Pope to be Christ's A''icar, and the Infallible fieocher and Ruler of the Churuhes and nations, claims Avhich the scriptures enjoin us to acknoAvledge ? .alL our, Protestant piarties may lend their aid in the solution and discus sion of them. And, in tlm candid and In othcrly discussion of such questions as these, Avliile avc shall see the greatness of the errors and false hoods of the terrible Apostacy which has cor rupted the world, we shall see too how little are those walls of separation which huve too long divided the Protestant family. Well, then, as united together for the maintenance and de fence of our common Protestantism, I want to tell our young Institute of work which has wonderfuily and suddenly .been prepared for it." The event looks like a providence ; and I hope it will prove; comparing small things with .great, as conspicuous a providence as th.at which is now being observed at Rome and in France ; the Pope being no sooner declared to be mfaUible than he is hurled from the throne, and his tern- poral dominion taken away from him ; and the Emperor and country, which had chiefly con tributed to this "consummation of blasphemy, humiliated to the dust by a Protestant power ! The event to which I allude if this : — there has just been established in Sydney a Romish society called a "Catholic truth Society." The object of this society is to print and circulate, iii tract form, statements of tlie doctrine and discixihue of- the Romish Church, as well as portions of perverted history. The Church feels that she must make use of the reading which our public schools are making popular. She feels that she must operate upon her jicoplc through cheap literature of a popular description. Sho has eii- trusted this work to no less a personage than Mr. J K- Pleydon, of well known fame for Hyde prosecutions. One of the tracts has already been published. They are to follow in the liiio of Parent Society who is established in London. And my hearers urill probably remember a specimen, which was given in the flandard newspaper, at the last General Elec tion, in which the famous ' John Knox " was tr.ad'iiced and slandered in the most villanous terms, as one who did not deserve to live !— Well here, I say, is work provided for our new Institute. Each of those tracts will be a capital text for an essay and a discussion. Ample sub jects will thus be provided. These will be far better than the subjects to be gathered out of ponderous books. Prihted on the spot, and in tended for the use of our Sydney Romanists, they will have all the freshness and interest of something new. The bane and the antidote -will go together. The public will see on whicli side IS the truth. Yes— Truth indeed ! "Catholic' Truth Society !" It is a strange designation ; but be it so, " C« truth." But Romish intih is the very worst thing can bo said of anything. "What truth can come from the fountain of lies ? What truth— truth can belong to a system which is the "master-piece of Satan?" In Romish belief, the Pope is infallible — the Church is above all human law-the Bible is a dangerous book without the priest— heresy deserves to be pun ished by fire— and Protestants are the worst of all lierctics living. These are the xninciijlcs which the " Catholic Truth Society " are pre- p.ared to circulate among this commnnlty as " Romish truth ;" but I suppose we shall not be thought uncharitable and illiberal if we should express our. belief that we are .able to xjrove tbat tliose so-called " truths" are only a specimen of Romish falsehoods ? But, -let us think for a little. Are wcnot wrong in the step which wo are now taking ? Is it right, is it Cliristian, for us to establish such an Institute as this at all ! As our object is to discuss religion--to deal esi)coi.ally with the Romish religion — to exi)ose its falsehoods — to unf()ld its cnovniitios — to prove that it is soul- destroying and God dishonoring— and to do our best, by sound argument and Scriitnval doctrine, to win over to the truth the deluded victims of that gross superstition — is not our object really cruel and a jjiece of bigotry ? Ought wo not to leaveRomanism'alono ? Is it not our first dnt3'- to "live in peace," and to suppress all sectarian and religious feeling ? Is it Clu'istiau — is it charitable — is it tolerant — to be speaking about priests and jjopos and sacraments, when some of our fclloAV-colonists believe in all these things as holy and sacred ? And, since our " oommui'ilty is jiiixed," Avould it not be far better that Ave should be giving to " Catholics" our money and our influence to build their Cathedrals and their Hospitals and Convents— and our votes in Par liament to build their Schools, and to bring shixr loads of their X300r p)eox)lo from Ireland — than to be establishing Institutes for the iurpose of tearing their religion to ineces, and sboAving the error aiid cnorinitj' of their faith ! — This is a point Avhich is Avell aa'orth considering. Allio shall decide it for ns ? If Ave go to the Priests and Romanists themselves, avc shall be told that " Christian Charity " requires of us to leave tlieir religion alone, unless in the way of uiviny it our money ! These kind and brotherly and charitable priests Avill tell ns that Ave shall be good pooxjle if Ave submit to the Church, or, at least, if Ave alloAV the Chiu-oh to liavc her oAvn Av.ay. And, of course, they aa'UI tell us thatsucli an Institute as this is, a gross outrage upon Christian tolera tion. Ah ! Most charming teachers of Christian toci\ation are those Pojjisli Priests, Avhen it hapjrens that they are iii the minority, and Avhen they aa'ant the benefit of some Protestant favour j but Avhen it haxApcns otheruTlse, their charity is disijlaj'ed in Smithfield fires and molten lead, and rod hot pokers ! — But again, if Ave go to Protestants of the easy going style, Avho believe in nothing _ except in' "peace"— Avhoso chief object in liAung is to make m one j-- — avIio ai-e earnest in nothing except in takmg care of num ber one — and Avho tHiiik that martyrs either for Romanism or Protestantism are incurable blocb- heads, and enthusiastic foolsj of coui'se Ave should be told, Avith all -imagiiiable sinoeritj'-, that such Institutes as this are directly " con trary to the spirit of the Gospel." How snb- nely do they exiiatiate on brotherly love! xioAV charmmg are the desoriptiohs of every man at ijeace . AA''ith what' poetic ardour do they talk of the ' sunshine and the dew, and the ,2' J'®" '", are terribly afraid « fnder and thc: lightning." Not for all theAVorldjAvould thoy "hurt tlie feelings" of any Romanist, by shoAying him that his religion IS whoUy opposed to the religion of Jesus No they Avould rather put doAvn all such. Institutes as this than support and couiitonanoe them beciviise, they tlie Gospel is a " system of kiiulnoss and peace," arid, because, as they s.av the chanty of the Gospel requires, that Ave should live at "peace Avith all men "-— ' bearing thlimls"' things, arid hoping all Such are the different views Avith which avc We met. H.avo Ave considered these vicAvs? nave avc found tlie hoUoAvness of their policyof peace ?' .ul in spite of their coiinselliugs to us o he quiet yood 6d//.s-, ai-e Ave prepared to en tlie Avork of our Institute ?— I hope so. iMotUmg IS so false— nothing so paltry— Tiiothinw so deceitful as this "pofic'// q/iicace." It is the vciy policy Avhich .Eoinauists desire. . .It.is the ;ery policy AA;liich Holy Ohuroli has been roeom- mending to Protestants for the last ; 50 years. And just as it is the policy Avliich has brought our coniitry to thc point of ruin, it is diametri cally opposed to the policy of the Gospel. Very like "Sunshine and doAv," indeed, is this "policy of xieaoe." It has boon doing its AVork quietly enoiigli. Willie the "sun lias been shining" Rome has been " making pleiitj', of hay." AVhile the "dcAV has been falling," ilotiie has been stealthily "soAving her tares." Yes! thc policy of peace has been all on the one side. Protest ants have practically ceased to " 2n-oti'st." In deed, tlioj' have come to consider that the less they protest the bettor Protestants . are they ! But Avhat is thc result of this "policy of jieace," and unproteslhiy Proles tuntism ? AVh j', simply this, that our Protcst.ant pooiile kuoAV nothing at all about the natiiro of Protostrntisin ! They are Protestants in name, but nothing more. They do not knoAV Avhat the name means. They are totally ignorant of the history of their faith. Eor tAvo generations past, tlie pulxiit and the press, acting upon the jjolicy of peace, liaA'c been all but dumb on the distinctive points of Romanism and Protestantism. Indeed, most of our modern ministers and clergy of all the churches have vied with one another in " peaceful xireaching. " Onr young Xjeople Avho attend Churcli arid Sunday School have been trained in total ignorance of the battles of the truth. Eroin their ministers thoy hear nothing but the voice of peace. From the public neAvspaper_ they hear nothing but re- jn'oaches upon ".bigots," and counsels of jieace. And thus, Avhile their Protestantism is so Aveak and ignorant, that not one in a hundred could give an intelligent ansAA'or to the question, " What are thc principles and history of Protes tantism ? " thOy are utterly astonished and in credulous Avhon they hear from otliers Avhat are the real facts of the case. Talk to them of Pro testantism, and they think you are speaking of " bigotry and intolerance ! " Talk to them of Romanism— thoy tell you that so vile a system in an n.iif.intm'hnrl Noah, or so untrue and visionary as to be harm less, like the ghosts in the "Arabian Nights." They cannot believe in the rpesent reality of this vile system. They oamiot believe in the need of Protestantism. And, tliis fatal ignorance, tho natural result of tho "policy of peace," through tAvo generations, is the real secret of thatAvide indifference which at present prevails — inclif- fcrbnce -so appalling that it seoiiis like a Avail of stone in the way of Protestant effort ; and the secret, too of that extensive apostacy to the drapery and millinery and grandeur of Rome, which isknoAA'ii by tho names of Puseyism and Ritualism. Such is the miserable result of thc "policy of peace." It lias, bred ignorance, and prepared the country, bj' iudift'erance and apos tacy, for now Popish triumphs. And Avere it not for the few who are iioav aAA'ako, and Avho jiro- test against tliis policy of peace, the nation Avoiild be as lielxiless in its religious needs, as it Avas receiitlj' in its resources for material Avar, through thc absurd couusellings of its John Bright Ministers ! But, Avliat say the scriijtures themselves about this ' ' policy of peace ? " Was it on this policy that the Apostles act d? Just the very opposite. It is true that the Gospel is a message of peace ; but it is peace to be enjoyed only through the belief of the truth. It is true that "charity" is iiicuicated in the Gospel ; but it is the "charity" of Avithstauding all error, and uiifoltling the truth. It is true that the discijiles of Christ should love all men ; but the love Avhich they should be.ar to tliein is not to be a love Avliioh Aviil be tolei-ant of their heresy Avhich ruins the soul. And it is true that the CIospol designs to inalco all men brethren ; but still, in the very process by Avhioh this is to bo achieved as the final re- siilt, many eiicmios arc to be made, and suft'er- iiigs to be endured. Clirist came to bring peace to the Avorld ; but also a sAvord. Christ came to g.ather all his jjeoplo into one ; but also to sot fathers and mothers, and paroiits and children at enmity Avith one another. Christ came to give liis people life ; but also to lay upon them a cross to sun'or and die, if need be, for his sake. And, often is it realizodi as thc Gospel triuiniilis, that a man's aa'orso foes are those of Ids oiun honschold ! Look at tho Apostles, too, as they fiilfiUcd their mission, and sec if thoy acted upon the " policy of peace." Theirpreacliing Avas a con stant discussion aa'ith JoAvs and Gciitilos. In overy synagogue and city thoy disputed with the Gentiles and Jcavs. Wherever they Avent thoy stirred up the anger of Gentiles and Joavs. Thoy told the Gentiles in plain Avords that the gods Avhich they Avnrshixiped Avero no gods at all. They told the Jews. in language unmistakeable, that their ceremonies and sacrifices were with- out any effect ; that their self-righteous works were an abomination unto God ; and that there was no righteousness but the righteousness of Christ, which was imputed to none but to those who believed. These statements were the cause of fiery persecutions. They brought upon tho Apostles the most violent ill-usage. For preach- iiig such doctrine most of them suffered a violent death. ,But these are substantially the very same doctrines which we oppose, as Christian Protestants, to the false doctrines of the priests of Rome. We preach no other doctrine than that whioh tho Apostles preached. The Apostles were the greatest "No Popery" preachers whioh ever the world saw'. They did not preach like the " sunshine and the dcAV." They Avere " Sons of Thunder." AVherever they Aveut they turned the world upside tloAvn. They had no smooth AVords for great evils. Thoy had no false charity for doctrines which were subversive of the Gospel of Christ. On the contrary, not afraid of the Avrath of lungs, and not afraid of a'iolence of the poxnilace, thoy declared to every one the Avhole cmiiisel of Ged. And this Avns l/u'ir method of preacMng peace. And peace was the resiilt to all avIio belieA'ed ; but they them selves endured the trials and suft'erings which their Lord had foretold to them, as part of the condition of their folloAA'ing after him. Well, then, avc shall choose the Apostles as our guides and ensamplos. AVe shall not desire any policy but theirs. AYe shall be glad to be ill the company of Apostles and martyrs. But Ave knoAV the penalty of Avalking in such com pany. AA''e luiow that our "peace" brethren AvfllhaA'e a dislike to lis. AA'e know that they Avfll call ns disturbers of the peace. AVe knoAV that they Avill denounce us as intolerant and im- charitable. And Ave know that if troubles befid us — if our motivosarc slandered — andif our bones gut broken, these "brethren of jicace" Avill giA'e us the compassion of tho wise and benoA'o- loiit — A'ix., "serve them right ! " Beit so! AA''c shall not bo ashamed. If suffering — loss — and contempt come to us through faithfulness to tho cause of truth, wo shall not bo ashamed. If, in folloAviiig the Apostolic cxamxile, avc meet Avith a sh.aro of tho Apostolic cxporienco, avo shall not be ashamed. To our iniiul there is something far nobler tliau thc mere enjoyment of peace. AAc loA'e peace, but avc love truth more. AVe love charity among men ; but avc love tbo Gosjiel of Christ far more. AA''e shall not do Avrong to any Romaiiist ; but avc sliall not pur- cliaso tlioir favour by silence about their errors. AA''o shall use no other Aveapons but the weapons of ai'giiment ; but avo shall not be intimidated . in thc use of those Aveapons. We shall be in spired Avith no other motive but the inotiA'e of love ; but avc shall disoAvn tho Ioa'c Avhioli dare not face thc threatenings of anger. AA'e take our notion of a "good minister," not from the men Avho live in ease, and Avho desire to be praised for their quietness and charity; hut from the Avords of the Apostle Paul to his Son Timothy, Avheii he said to him, immediately after a striking proxihocy about the coming and Avorkiiig and spirit of the gre.at Apostacy, " If thou put the brethren in mind of these things, thou, sh alt bo a good minister of Jesus Christ." AVhether as ministers therefore, or as private members of Christian churches, avc shall Avork together and pray together, that as truth is spread, and nations are break ing the bonds in Avhich they have boon bound for centuries jiast, the "Man of sin and son of iierdition" shall bo scut to his OAvn peace, and his captive millions shall be made gloriously free — free Avith the liberty Avitli Avbich Christ makes his people free ! 