?GOSSIP. [BY OLD TOM.] EXPERIENCE teaohes us that the old adage, " A willing horse is often rode to death," is both trite and true, and for the last eight or ten days I have seriously reflected upon the propriety of turning sulky, and kick over the conventional traces that bind one to the stage coach of every day existence ; and as I had promised a few juvenous friends at the head of the navigation-- who, like myself, though blossoming about the gills, keep their memories green --that I would, if possible, take a peep at their next agricul- tural and horticultural exhibits, I, with the consent of Mrs. O. T., who bargained for a strict partnership in the expedition, went up by the steamer Ipswich last week, to carry out that brave resolution. If Old Tom has a particular weakness more pominent than any other, it is, I confess, love of gossip ; but, mind ye, not that detestable Mother Grundy kind of gossip that sets friends and neighbors by the ears. No, no, Mr. Editor, my gossip, like old wine, shall smack of the flavor of genuine goodness, and not taste of the dregs of disappointed malignance. The very mention of a trip to Ipswich gave wings to my gossiping tendencies, and I flew off, to the utter amazement of Mrs. O. T., on several occasions, when discussing domestic mat- ters, to old times, dwelling strongly upon the virtues and hospitality of the Westenders. This little bit of gossip, you see, Mr. Editor, about Ipswich and its associations, was merely to expand the mind of my better-half, so as to enable me to deposit therein the grand idea arrived at by this cute old boss ; the result being, as anticipated, a quiet surrender of this young fellow to the overpowering blandish- ments of the sex, and the potent influences of P.B., at this City of the Bunches, on conditions usually set forth by contracting parties. These conditions being, however, strictly of a private nature, I shall not recapitulate here, merely observing they were, on the part of O. T., honor- ably kept by both contracting parties. I have always found, before proceeding on an excursion of pleasure, much enjoyment in the preparation for, and anticipation of, the journey. Then come the musings and re- marks made on the way. For instance, as we sat, before starting, on the deck of the Ipswich steamer, memory went back a generation in time, and the banks of the river became, in imagination, peopled with old faces and forms, witnessing, with up- roarious enjoymont, the anniversary or Queen's birthday regatta--the competing boats and crews,--nono of your modern outrigger craft, with all the latest improvements, but the solid, unpretending (at the same time useful) four-oared gig, and the well-fitted whale-boat, so useful and handy in the Bay fishery of the day. Much as I love cricket and admire the boisterous game of foot-ball, I think Young Queensland is not asserting its manhood when it permits this thorough English pastime to languish and die out, seeing that we have one of the finest rivers and harbors on the Austra- lian coast for the furtherance of this enjoyable and health-giving amusement. Cannot the two rival cities follow in the footstops and examples shown by the men of the Southern colonies, and inaugúrate a system of manly rivalry between, say the Civil Service, the banks, ware- housemen, and--last though not least--the Grammar Schools. To be sure they can ; and as we hear a great deal about the fostering of our native industries, permit Old Tom to offer a suggestion to the young men of Bris- bane and Ipswich--and that is, to order from our local boat-builders two, three, or morr wholesome pulling boats, for club and competitive use, say on thr 10th of December next, the anniversary of Sepa- ration. If they will do this, and put aside their petty jealousies, and fraternise more with each other and the outside world, they will not only harden their muscular development, but enlarge their capacities for more honorable pur- suits. Beautiful river bright! may you flow past the homes of the happy. But here's a queer go. I sat down to gossip, and lo ! attempt doggrel. Shame upon you, old man ! you arr worse than Vowles. Shove off, turn ahead, and wr commrncr thr navigation between Brisbanr and thr railway terminus, a distance by water of somr fifty odd miles, the whole didtancr teeming with interest- ing features. The first and most prominent in the vicinity of Brisbane, is that of the Botanic Gardens, under the able management of Mr. Walter Hill. And permit me, my dear gossipping friend, to remark en passant that we Queenslander owe a debt of gratitude to Mr. Hill for his untiring energies in testing the capabilities of our soil and climate ; and I have no hesitation in saying that his present mission to the Exhibition in the sister colony will do more good to our common country than the speeches of a dozen stump orators, even were they all gifted with the elo- quence of--say Pring. And further, I am not half satisfied with my fellow-colonists in this matter of the Interco- lonial Exhibition now on view in Sydney. Where are our great cotton brokers--our wealthy sugar planters, that they and the whole of us should permit such an opportunity to pass without availing ourselves of the opinion of the colonies us to our staple products? Young Queensland never wanted help in her time of need more than at the present, and if our rulers had the ghost of a desire to settle an industrious population upon her waste lands, I think they should have been more active and demonstrative in their proceedings touching the exhibition of Queensland products. Nearly ten years ago we showed the world what we could, do by forwarding to the Exhibition of 1862 bales of cotton, hundredweights of arrow- root, silk, tobacco, honey, beeswax, &c.;, besides wool, tallow, and hides. Since then we have been occupied in the very amiable way of abusing one another, and letting the colony drift unguided, uncared for, and plun- dered by every brass-faced adventurer who possessed the capacity to swindle. But calm down, old man, this beautiful morn- ing, serenely view the present ; the past has had many bright spots, and the future, old boy, is in the hands of God. Yes, go forth Hill, with your silks, your spices, your fruits, and the marvellous produc- tions of our sunny land ; and may their mute eloquence speak trumpet-tongued to the million, through the instrumentality of the prèss, and our hard-toiling, poorly-paid fellow-country- men find the ways and means to come out amongst us and make the wilderness blossom as a rose. Bound Garden Point, past the busy saw-mills of the worthy Mayor, Pettigrew, and the ad- jacent wharf and commodious stores of the Harris Brothors and Old Tom's Folly, that wretched old duffer, whom a colonial existence of forty years could not guard against the machinations of a thorough eye-opener. Sarves him right, experencia docet, and so on. Shades of good intentions, how the imagination becomes bewildered in passing those monuments of misplaced confidence, the piers intended as supports to the proposed roadway to connect the two banks of the river ! The history of this lamentable failure has something of the serio-comic about it, and as we glide between the centre piers recals to memory some of the incidents connected with Municipal undertakings. How vividly I recal to recollection that great and important cere- mony, the laying the foundation- stone of the north abutment ; the imposing cluster of officials and civic dignitaries grouped round the Governor (Sir G. F. Bowen), as he, like a true mason, tried by square and compass the true setting of the stone ; and the shouts that rent the air when the magic taps from the mallet pronounced the gratifying fact that the stone was well and truly laid ; then the dancing and feasting afterwards in the new Town Hall, and the lawsuit which promptly followed after, to determine who should pay the piper. Then, in a few months after that interesting event, followed the opening to the public of the temporary bridge. Sorry am I that I do not possess a photograph of this interesting cere- mony ; let me, however, reval as far as I am able the picture presented to the gaze of the shouting thousands assembled on the occasion. Behold, first, the portly person of His Excellency, escorted from the north abutment by the fathers of the city and a brilliant staff of Government officials Then the slow and solemn march to the centre of the staging to greet and welcome the men from the South side, headed, by the illustrious Stephens, member for South Bris- bane The speech by Old Torn, on behalf of the Corporation, and the Governor's reply con- gratulating the citizens upon their achievement; in connecting the North and South in friendly conjunction. But the last, although not the crowning work of all, was the depositing the first brick, the historical brick, in one of the complete cylinders This fact, I fear, has never been faithfully recorded, and as in after years the question may arise as to who placed that identical brick in the position it is now bound to occupy for at least the next ten centuries, I shall here record, for the in- formation of posterity, the name of the Honor- able Arthur Macalister, the then Premier of our young and vigorous colony. Well can I remember the sickening sensation that came over me, and no doubt many others of the immortal Mac's friends, as we beheld him de- scend the yawning cavity, whose termination was fathoms deep below the bed of the mighty river The eager looks of the clusteung multitude that stood with bated breath watching the gradual snuffing out, as it were, of the heart's idol, was almost too painful to remember, and when after the lapse of some minutes--which ap- peared hours to those stretched on the rack of painful apprehension--the great Mac. rose Nep- tune like from the bed of the sea, or rather cylinder, did not the welkin ring with frantic shouts and congratulations. And then that alfresco feed under the arches. Oh ! don't mention it. I am oblivious to all afterwards Brisbane, since the laying of that brick, has been under a cloud. Whether the gods were offended, or the presiding deity of the deep blue mud was disturbed by the unhallowod pre- sence of a lawyer before he had shaken off the coil of human frailty, I cannot determine. This I know, that disaster followed disaster until all we have left to look at the present moment for our money is a few gaunt pillars, which I trust some day will help to sustain the bndge over the Brisbane River Leaving these sorrowing relics of the past, we speed rapidly on, but by the way muse over the instability of mundane affairs, and recall to recollection the days of Young Herbert whom the Brisbane people, like obstinate donkeys, refused to return to Parliament as one of their representatives. Had they done so, it is recorded in the annals of the Courier, in the words of that heaven born legislator himself, that he would have drained the city, built our bndge, deepened our river, and last, though not the least taken away our flats. My malediction on the duffers that would not liston to the voice of the charmer, though he charmed never so wisely. Did we not by our pig headed obstinacy drive this young Pitt into the nrins of the Westenders, and by do doing gave thrm advantages which makr them thr rnvy and admiration of the colonial world ? I will, however, in strict justice to Mr. Her- bert, record this of him--He did drain the city, not of our superfluous mud and nastiness, but of our ready money ; and as to the flats--well, he left Old Tom here ! Proplr havr been up and down the river so often that it would only be a waste of time and the reader's patience to go over the interesting voyage again. Enough to say, the Brisbane is navigable for vessels of a tonnage and depth of water--say something less than the Great Eastern--until it receives the pellucid waters of the beautiful Bremer ; then, I fear, from the observations made and recorded by experienced pilots, the navigation becomes difficult, although not absolutely dangerous to vessels--say, not to put too fine a point upon it, of over one thousand tons. But with these triffling draw backs, the two rivers are nevertheless worthy of the names they bear, and the inhabitants of the cities between which we journed agree to differ so harmoniously upon all matters that are important and beneficial to themselves, that I should not wonder the foolish fellows will some day agree to connect themselves by railway--a work so ruinous that we already find the expensive lines already completed are only used occasionally to bring down the poor squatters' wool and a few travelling bagmen. No, no, Benjamin Cribb ! we have had enough of railways ; don't expand your mind to that extont ; if you do, Ipswich is done, and the soil of the city that made the Thorns grow will be trampled over by the feet of thousands of invaders--filling your hotels with brandy swilling bagmen and your streets with rowdy cabmen. But I have gossiped enough over the rivers , let me now explode on behalf of the town. Ipswich is situated (vide Pugh) on the banks of the River Bremer--better known in ancient days as Limestone Creek. The waters of the creek (beg pardon, most noble Athenians)--the river--is spanned by a cast iron bndge of noble proportions, and which, under the skilful super- intendence of Messrs. Fitzgibbon and Co., cost thr country only some £30,000 and dirt cheap at that figure (see Fitzgibbon on the 3 ft 6 in gauge, Parliamentarv Proceedings vol xxx). This neat and commodious structure has been utilised by the Government so far as to permit a single line of rails to be laid from the south to the north bank of the river, and once a day, if not oftoner, the scretch of the iron horse is heard convoying goods, and sometimes passen- gers, to some squatting stations situated on a fine tract of country known in the almanacs and maps of the colony as the Darling Downs. It has lately been reported that it is the inten- tion of the present Government to extend the line to the Gulf of Carpentaria. I cannot how- ever, vouch for the truth of this report, although I know the Minister for Works, the Honorable William Henry Walsh (I like to give the name of a real patriot in full), is a plucky fellow, and would get us a line longer than that if he could As the wavfarer proceeds from the wharf, where the Company's steamships moor along side, several very interesting ob|ects are brought into view A long range of cotton factories border the south bank, extending from East- street to within a close distance of the bridge before alluded to. Immediately in front of those warehouses, factories, or sheds, or what- ever name the owners may please to designate them by--is the large drapery establishment and soft goods warehouse of Messrs J. and G. Harris (head quarters and residence Brisbanr). This really handsome building, I fear, is not much used at present, as I failed in passing to observe life within its shell. No doubt as the cotton crop comes to maturity, and which no doubt it will under Providence and skilful culture, this edifice may once more within its spacious walls bear the appearance of life and activity I recollect that spot well, and the venerated name of Walter Gray. There was life-- active bustling life--at the corner then. But mind you, that was in the old times, before Ipswich ran mad for railways. Ah, boys, you had have better stuck to the bullocks, and if you must go in for new fangled roads, have been satisfied with a tramroad ! But you have gone and done it. Now, leave the Brisbane railway alone--or stand the consequences. Enough of water-side improvements. Let us go up to the School of Arts, or rather the Town Hall, where our West Moreton farming friends are holding high festival, and showing the million what they can do in satisfying the daily wants of the people. Before I speak of the exhibits, let me, for a brief space, give honor where honor is due. The Municipal Council of Ipswich, with more forethought and wisdom than their metropolitan brethren, remained satisfied with very limited means of accommodation for their periodical gatherings, and when, to carry out the old adage, fools had built a fine edifice, the wise men of the civic council stepped in and bought it. By this economical arrangement, the citizens have secured for themselves and posterity a commodious building, whioh, whilst it ans« ora the purpose for whioh it was designed--namely, that of a Mechanics Institute, gives ample accommodation for the municipal authorities. And mark this, at no cost to the city, but with profit upon the outlay I may here further remark that the streets and thoroughfares of Ipswich appear to be well attended to, and reflect credit upon those engaged in municipal matters The arrangements entered into by the Mana- ging Committee of the Wost Moreton Farmers Association wero, in my opinion, rather crumipled up, if I may so use the term--that is, they brought too many objects to bear and somewhat clash with each other For instance, the ploughing match, show, and dinner were all placed within the compass of one very short day, the consequence was a partial failure, not, in my opinion, from lack of of interest taken by the public, but simply from the fact that one could not do all the sights in one day without considerable fatigue. I am sure our worthy Governor was to be pitied for the tax the good people had imposed, perhaps unwit- tingly, upon him. But he took his labors cheerfully, and won the admiration of all con- cerned by his kindly obseevations and urbanity The show of vegetables, both in size and variety, was worthy of all praise ; and when it is considered that the good folks at the hesd of the navigation have a vast tract of country in their immediate neighborhood capable of producing any quantity of fruit and vegetables, it naturally follows that every succeeding exhi- bition of those articles will increase in quantity if not in variety and size. With respect to the exhibits of cotton of the two varieties--long and short staple, I think it was admitted by all thoso who were presen tand listened to the remarks made by one of th gentle- men who acted as judges in the cotton compart- ment, that much had to be learnt in this branch of industry Yet, upon the whole.it compared favorably with the best sample produced in other districts of the colony. Thero was one branch of farming industry that I should like to have seen better repre- sented, that of dairy produce. I am sure my West Moreton friends will forgive me, when I say they discredited themselves by withholding articles which enter so largely into daily con- sumption, and if God spares me to live to see their December exhibits, I trust I shall have to record in any future gossip I may give utterence to, the pleasing fact that for pork, bacon, hams butter, cheese, honey, and wax, the plains of Normandy, the rich flats of the Pine Moun- tains, the inexhaustible lands of the Reserve, and the fat soil of the Seven-mile Creek, have proved unmistakably then fitness to fatten stock, and the capability of the farmer to send them in prime condition fit for market. Amongst other matters I picked up on my gossiping tour through the hall was this one, a number of the West Moreton men are determined this season to pay more attention to the cultivation of the tobacco plant. The success which has attended the efforts made by those who have gone into the production of this valuable plant should, and no doubt will, stimulate thom to produce a good article, and as cotton and tobacco has mado for tunes for many a planter in the Southern States, lot those who enter into this new field of enterprise reasonably hope that they will realise, if not a fortune, a fitting re- compense fot their exertions. Hie agritultmal show closed at 1 o'clock to enable the parties concerned to get the hall ready for the public dinner at 7 o'clock. I had, therefore, to make a hasty inspection of the various interesting articles exhibited, and left the animated scene with longing desires to take many of the prize articles home with me, and test them in the most orthodox manner as to their fitness for table. As for Tom Vowles and his Queen pines, I shall consider myself slighted if he does not cite me a general invite to come to his snug homestead in the fruit season, and toke my fill of his luscious fruit. In conclusion, R G , may your shadow never grow less, you treated me as one old friend should another--with hospitality and kindness, and the friends I met after dinner at Gibbins' may rest assured that Old Tom's memory will ever retain that short but happy hour, when Watson warbled those songs so dear to a Scotch- man's heart, and Charley V paddled his own canoe, to the delectation of the winner of the silver medal for the best bale of long staple. One last word before I take to Cobb on the overland route for home If the men of Ips- wich and Brisbane are to be rivais, let it be in that manly anti honourable rivalry which will make both parties respected, not only in the social circle within which they move, but in this busy working world of ours, and in where the wearer of the civic crown, or the repre- sentative of Majesty, is only valued at the same standard of moral and social excellence as the horney fisted farmer. Next year I hope to witness the exhibit of Queensland product, in one of the two cities, gathered from all parts of this interesting colony. Gold from Gympie, and the far North, wheat, oats, and hay, from the Darling Downs ; cotton, sugar, tobacco, from the East and West of Moreton, not forgetting the Ipswich coal and coke. And recollect they can be done, and only done, by the co-operation of live men, free from all class prejudices and emulous to show our country before the eyes of the world to the best advantage. 