Percy Anecdotes, David Habtley.— Mr. Burke was not the only tire some speaker in his days, as will be seen from the follow ing anecdote, which Lord North used to relate as contain- ' ing the best specimen of wit ho ever heard in the House of , Commons. One afternoon, the Opposition had come down to the House to give tlio Ministers battle on a very im portant point. The business was opened by one of the ministerial party. Mr. Burke was ready to rise the moment his sntogonist sat down; but behold David Hartley, who sat a few benches behind Mr. Burke, was on bis legs before him. Mr. . Hartley received the usual nod from the Speaker, and began liis oration. The wilderness style of Sir. Hartley s eloquence is well known ; in the course of three flours almost every member who could possibly get away bad left the House. Mr. Burke sat writhing on the tenter-hooks of impatience, till at length Mr. Hartley stumbled on some idea which made bim call for the reading of the Itiot Act. 'The Riot Act! 'said Burke, starting up, ' what docs the gentleman mean ? Why they are all dibper«c! already.' Single-speech Hamilton. — The prevalent and oft rcpeatcd assertine lhat William Gerald Hamilton spoke but once in the House of Commons is not strictly true. His first effort at parliamentaiy eloquence was made No vember 13, 1755, when, to use the woids of Waller respect ing Denham, ' be broke out like the Irish rebellion, three score thousand strong, when nobody was aware, or in the least suspected it.' Certainly no first speech in parliament ever produced such an effect, or acquired such eulogies both within and without the House of Commons, and yet no copy of this speech remains. For tunny years it was sup posed to have been his only attempt, and hence the familiar name of single-speech was fixed upon him ; but be spoke a second time in February, 1756, and such was the admira tion that followed this display of liis eloquence that Sir. Fox, thtn one of the principal Secretaries of State, imme diately procured bim tlie appointment of aLoid of Trade. At the tiuic Sir. Hamilton made hiB first speech, it was re pot leu ihat Mr. Burke hod written it fur liim in gratitude for lii6 Laving obtained a pension though his interest. This, however, although talked of in the better circles of that day, is totally without foundation. The connexion between Burke and Hamilton did not last long ; for a few years afterwards, on some political contest, Sir. Hamilton, telling Mr. Burke, as coarsely as it was unfounded, that ' he took him from a garret,' the latter very spiritedly re plied, ' Then, sir, by your own confession, it was I 'that (Winded to know you.' Buiike AND Fox. — The powerful eloquence of these distinguished statesmen had long been exerted in the seme cause, and they were considered tho leading champions of the House of Commons. But on the commencement of tllQ French involution, they not only took opposite sides jn polities, but actually terminated a private friendship of uipny years, and never aftewards had a private interview. It was en a debate relative to the army estimates on the 9fh of February, 1790, that the first violent shock, or con flict of opinions, between filr. Bnrke and Mr. Fox took place ; both much regretted the circumstance, and passed the highest eulogies on each other. Mr. Fox 6aid ' he must declare, that such was his sense of the judgment of his right honorable friend, such his knowledge of his principles, and such the value which he set upon them, and the estimation in which he held his friendship, that it he were to put all the political information which he had leaint from hooks, all which he had gained from science, and all which the knowledge of the world and its affairs had taught him, into one great scale; and all the improve ments which he had derived from his right honorable friend's instruction and conversation into the other, he should be at a loss to which to give the preference. . He bad leamt more from his right honorable friend, than from all the men with whom he had ever conversed.' filr. Burke eaid that ' He could, without the least flattery or exaggeration, assure liis right honorable friend, that the separation of a limb from his body could scarcely give him more pain than the circumstance of differing from him violently ''A publicly in opinion.' A bill introduced by Mr. Pitt in tho following year for the better government of Canada gave rise to another debate between Mr. Bnrke and Mr. Fox, which completely dissolved their political connexion. Mr. Burke, in a very eloquent speech, which treated almost entirely of the French revolution, said, that although on some occasions he had differed with filr. Fox on political questions, yet, ' In all the course of their acquaintance and intimacy, no one difference of political opinion had ever for a moment affected their friendship. It certainly was indiscretion at any perioi^ but much greater at his time of life, to provoke enemies; or 'to give his friends cause to desert him ; yet if that was to be the case, by adhering to the British constitution, he would risk all : and as public duty and public prudence taught him, in his last words exclaim, ' Fly from the French constitution.' ' On this Mr. Fox whispered, ' There is no Iosb of friend ship, I hope.' Mr. Burke answered with some warmth, 'Yes, there is; I know the price of my conduct; our friendship iB at an end.' In the course of this brilliant speech, Mr. Burke, reasoning with great warmth, checked himself, and addressing himself to the chair, said, ' I am not mad, most noble Festus, but speak the words of truth and soberness!' Dir. Fox rose to reply; but for some time was so overpowered by hie feelings that the tears trickle! down his cheeks. Ho took a review of the close intimacy wliich for nearly twenty-five years had existed between Mr. Burke end himself, and complgined of the ignominious epithets that his friend had applied to him. Mr. Burke said he did not recollect that he had used any. Mr. Fox replied, ' My right honorable friend does not recollect the epithets ; they are out of liis mind ; then they arc completely and for ever out of mine. I cannot cherish a recollection so painful ; and from this moment they arc obliterated and forgotten.' ' Lobp Ellen-borough.—' The late Lord Ellenborough, when filr. Law, and at the bar, was unfortunate enough to moke an enemy in Lord Konyon, who took every oppor tunity to annoy liim, and'repress liis rising talents. This conduct on the' part of the Judge once drew from Mr. Law a very 6mart retort. Mr. Ersmne, who was engaged on the opposite side, had made a very violent spoech, contain ing eome personalities of such a nature that he felt com pelled to notice them* When Mr. Law rose to reply, ho commenced with the following passage from Virgil ' Dicta ferox non mo tun fcrvida torrent Dii me tenant et Jupiter HoBtis.' When Mr. Law became Attorney-General, and had a sent in Parliament, he transferred to 'it tho same copiousness of niunncv, and energy ot thought and language, which had distinguished hira nt the bar: but he was impatient of contradiction, and assuming in his tone ; yet he struck hnrd, even wlion he struck indiscreetly. During a debate on the claims of the Prince of Wales, the AttorneyGene ral, then Sir Edward Law, remarked, that tho revenues of tlio Duchy of ComwaU were placed under the control of tho King, Henry VI., during the minority of the Priuce of Wales, in consequence of tho refractory spirit of tho Duke of York. It was suggested from tho Opposition benches, that tho law was shortly after changed. 'Aye,' said Sir Edwaid Law, ' in times of trouble ; the honorablo gentle men opposite seem well versed in the troubles of their country.' The whole Opposition cried out, ' Order ! ' and an explanation took place, Pitt AND Sjiebidan.— In February, 1783, Mr. Bhoridan first came into direct contact with filr. Pitt, who was then Chancellor of the Exchequer ; and it is evident that the attack was premeditated on the part of Sheridan in an ambitions aim to cope with this extraordinary young man, whose powers as an orator and a statesman wore then the gonqigl thqpio of admiration, When the preliminaries of peace came under consideration, Mr. Sheridan levelled some strong ol scrvutions against filr. Pitt, who oould not well avoid taking notice of them. Alluding to Mr. Shoridan's dramatic connexions and pursuits, ho said, 'no man ad mired more than he did the abilities nf tho honorablo gen tleman, tho elegant sallies of his thoughts, the gay effusions of his fancy, his dramatic turns, his epigrammatio points ; and if they were reserved for tho proper stage, they would, no doubt, receive what the honorable gentleman's abilities always did receive — the plaudits of the audience ; and it would bo bis fortune sui plausu gaudcre theatre. But this was not the proper scene for the exhibition of those ele goncies , and he therefore must bog leave to call tho atten tion of tho House to a serious consideration of tho very irn poriant question before them.' Mr. Sheridan, in expla nation, adverted in a forcible manner to liis personality, saying, ' He need not comment on it, as the propriety, the taste, and the gentlemanly point of it, must have been obvious to the House; but, added he, 'lot mc assure the right honorable gentleman that 1 do now, and will at any timo when he chooses to repeal this sort of allusion, meet it with the most sincere good humour ; nay, I may say more ; flattered and encouraged by the right honorable gentleman's panegyric on my talents, if over 1 again engage in the composition ho alludes to, 1 may bo tempted to an act of presumption, to attempt on improvement on one of Ben Johnson's best characters, that of the angry boy in the Alcbymist.' This reciprocity of sarcastic ridicule occa sioned much sport at that period : and the whimsical ap plication of Sheridan's dramatic reading, fixed upon bis opponent an appellation winch he did not get rid of for many years. Mr. Windham. — In certain expressions which Mr. Windham made ubo of on a motion by Mr. Yorke, for enforcing the standing order for excluding strangers, the newspaper reporters considered themselves to be personally calumniated; and in older to express their resentment came to a general resolution that his speeches should no IoDgcr be be reported, and acted up to this resolution for several months. By this temporary exclusion of Mr. Windham's speeches, some valuable ones have been entirely lost, while of others tliore have been preserved only a few slight end unsatisfactory fragments. Among tiie latter was his celebrated speech on the Walcheren expedition, which presented one of tho best examples of that keen irony, which formed so distinguished a feature in the elo quence of filr. Windham. What, for instance, could be' more poignantly sarcastic than the following passage p ' In discussing the conduct of this miserable expedition, this concatenation of blunders, this long lane of mis chiefs, which has no turn except to destruction, the first thing te be observed is, that according to aU their evidence, the planners of the expedition could lravc no hope of suc cesB, unless all the chances turned out in their favour, unless all their cards turned to he trumps. Tho windmust , blow from a certain point, and it must blow with a certain ; degree of force ; if the wind changed, the expedition could not arrive at the destined point ; and if the wind blew fresh, it would produco a surf, and prevent the landing. Now, considering the proverbial certainty of the wind, the expectation that all these things would happen, must be admitted to have been extremely rational ; but, supposing that his Majesty's Ministers could have had sufficient influence to induce the wind to blow exaotly as they wished it, stiU, to insure anything like a prospect of success to the expedition, this mighty armament must, in all its subse quent operations, have moved with the regularity and pre cision of a piece of machinery ; one operation must he per- . formed in three days, another in four, the artillery must move through the Band without friction, and there must be ' ' no enemy to fight withal ' Sir, the truth is, that this gallant aimy, this last hope of England, was committed to 1 imminent hazards, and ultimate destruction, without any thing like a plan for the guidance of its operations. The nchle lord seems to have thought it quite sufficient to send out an expedition, and leuvc tile rest to chance. My Lord Chatham was scut out to fay experiments. I remember a story of a man, who, being asked if he could play on the bddle, said, ' he could not tell, but he would try. Such was precisely the situation of my Lord Chatham.' Paeliamentary Courtier of 1626. — Among the members most active in the impeachment of the Duke of Buckingham in 1626 was Sir Dudley Carleton, Vice Chainbcrlain. Ilis speech on the occasion is extremely amusing, on account of tlie many singular specimens which it contains of that unblushing sycophancy which disgraced some of the elder periods of English history. 'Indeed,' be says, ' you would count it a great misery, if you knew the subject in foreign countries as well as myself ; to see them look, not like our nation, with store of flesh on their backs, but like eo many ghosts, and not men, being nothing but skin and bones, with some thin cover to their naked ness, and wearing only wooden shoes on their feet, so that they cannot cat meat, 'or wear good clothes, but they must pay and he taxed unto the King for it. This is a misery beyond expression, and that winch yet we are free from ; let us be careful then, to preserve the King's good opinion of parliaments, which bringctli this happiness to thin nation, and makes us envied of nil others, while there is this sweetness between his Majesty and Ids commons, lest we lose the repute of a frec-bom nation by turbulency in parliament.' In the same strain, Sir Dudley goes on to btate, that in his opinion, ' the greatest and wisest part of a parliament are those who use the greatest silence, so as it be not opiniatory or sullen *11' -? Last Days of Knox. — 'In the opening up of his text,' says James Melville, speaking of this celebrated preacher, during tha lo^idnyo of his life, 'lie was moderat the space of an half houre; but when he enterit to application, be made me so to grew and tremble that I could not hold a pen to wryt. He was very weik. I saw him eyerie day of bis doctrine go hulie and tear, with a furring of marticks about his neck, a staffs in the one hand, and gnd godlike Biclrart Ballendcn, his scrvand, haldin up the other oxter, from the abbey to the parish kirk, and be the said Bichnrt, and another servand, lifted up to the pulpit, , wharhebehovit te leatn at his first entoie; hot, cr he haid done with his scnnouc, he was sa active and vigourous, that he was lyk to ding the pulpit in blads, and flie out of it.' Pulfit Flattery Reproved. — Henry IV. went with his Court to the church of St. Gerrais, at Paris, on the Chiistmas Day of 1609, to hear a celebrated preacher; who, rain of the honour of having so illustrious a hearer as his Sovereign, soon interrupted the thread of his discourse, and apostrophized Henry. After having paid him the highest compliments on the clemency, the justice, and the humanity of his reign, he insisted upon many points, which, more like a politician than a divine, he thought necessary for the good of religion and the safety of the State. Henry heard him without the least emotion ; and on going out of church merolv said, ' Why, the preacher of to-day did not entirely fill up his hour.' 'The day after, Henry went to hear him again, and meeting bim as he was going into the pulpit, said to him, ' Mv father, every one expected that at this time vou should he in the Bastile ; but the opinions of the world and those of myself do not always go together; I am much obliged to you for the zeal you have shown for my salvation. Continue, I beg of you, to request it of God for me, and contribute to it yourself by your good advice. In whatever place, and at whatever time, you shall think it fit to give it to me, you will always find me well inclined to follow it. I have only to request of you, that you will not let your zeal get the better of your discretion, when you think fit to give me advice in public; and that you would desist from those invectives which may alienate the love, and diminish tho respect, my subjects owe to me. Yott know my extreme jealousy respecting the former, and the extreme jealousy that attends the latter. Except in public, at any private audience you may give as much latitude to your zeal as you please. On my part, I will bring to it all that docility of which I am capable ; and if my weakness 1 wiU permit me to go with you, it will be more my fault (ban yours if I do not become better. Once for all, con- ; tinue, I beg, your regard to me, and be assured of my con stant protection.' Parliament of Paris.— During the disputes of the . Parliament of Paris, about the middle of the seventeenth century, there appeared many symptoms of ancient elo quence. The Advocate-General, Talon, in an oration, invoked on his knees the spirit of St. Louis to look down villi compassion on his divided and unhappy people, and to inspire them from heaven with the love of concord and unanimity. Mole was at this time president of the Parlia ment. One day a man presented a dagger to his breast, . threatening him with instant death if he would not consent to some decree proposed in the Parliament, which M. Mole , thought prejudicial to his country. ' Know, my friend,' ' said he, looking sternly at him ' that the distance is infinite from the dagger of an assassin, to the heart of an honest man.' fijAnoMET. — In the valley of Beder, Mahomet was in formed by his scouts that his adversary, Abu Sopliian, with a rich caravan from Egypt of a thousand camels, was ap proaching on one side, white a body of eight hundred and fifty foot, and one hundred horse, was coming to its pro tection on the other. The prophet had no more than about three hundred men with him. After a short consultation, in which some of the officers were desirous that the caravan, on account of its riclieB, should he the main object, religion nnd revenge prevailed ; and it was determined that against the body of idolaters in arms, the sword should be drawn. As the numbers of the Koreish wore soon descending into the valley, ho exclaimed, looking at liis followers, ' O God, if these are destroyed, by whom wilt thou be worshipped em earth r Courage, my children ; close your ranks ; dis chaige your arrows, and the day is your own.' At these words he mounted the pulpit, which was brought with him for tho purpose of preaching from, and demanded from heaven the succour ot Gabriel and tliroo thomsand angels ; the caravan was suffered to pa6s unmolested ; the Koreish ites advanced, the filussulmans were pressed nnd alarmed. At this decisive moment, Mnhomot leaped from the pulpit, niouuted his horse, and cast a handful of sand in tho air, crying, ' Let their faces be covered with confusion ! ' Both armies heard the thunder of his voice ; and in the ardour of their fancy, actual] y imagined that they saw Gabriel and the angelic legion descending into tho midst of them. The korcishitos trembled and fled; seventy of their bravest men were slain ; and as many more captives fell into tho linnd6 of tho prophet. Excommunication. — Vfliou the Corn! of Rome, under the pontificates of Gregory IX. and Innocent IV., aet no bounds to their ambitions projects, they were opposed by tho Emperor Frederic, who was of course anathematized. A curate of Paris, a humorous fellow, got up in hie pulpit, with tho hull of Innocent in. hie hand. ' You know, my brethren,' said he, ' that I am ordered to proclaim an ex communication BgainBt Frederic. I am ignorant of tho motive. All that I know is, that there exists between this Prince and the Roman Pontiff great differences, and an irreconcilable hatred. God only mows which of the two is wrong. Therefore, with all my power, I excommunicato him who injures the other: and I absolve him who suffers, tp the great scandal of all Christianity.' 