?; ' rome. LETTERS FROM ROME. {From the Catholic Opinion.) EOMAN ' CANARDS' AND ENGLISH JOURNALS. To-day is like calm after storm, or rather, all Rome feels a reaction after the excite ment of yesterday. Everybody was up at cock-shout, and I suspect our holy Fathers the Bishops feel as sleepy as I do. ' T think I told vou that the Council will not hold its next Session till after Epiphany : this is intended to give the Bishops time to master the subject-matters, on which they will be called to pronounce judgment. 'Now look out, in England, for whole flocks of wild ducks, Gallice Canards, which will be flying north. News must he had, nothing is known, so it must be manufac tured. Now will be the harvest-time for the caterers of news for the English and Ameri can ' Special Correspondents.' There are a set of people in Rome who live by eves dropping— creepers up of back-stairs and listeners at key-holes. These are the hang ers-on the skirts of the Ecclesiastical Go vernment ; barbers who shave Cardinals, sacristans, and those wonderful cocked flunkies, one or more who is always to be seen/attending on the steps of Cardinals or Italian Bishops where they appear. _ These and even some Ecclesiastics, have their price and don't they know their value? The English Correspondents are sent to Rome at o ircic-f oTTiancn t,n t,hp. nronrietors of their journals, purposely to send home news. News, then, must be had. It is a question of supply and demand, and in the case of some leading journals, I know where it comes from, what it is really worth, and what it costs to get it. I hear that one of your leading journals has just been set upon the scent of a huge mare's-nest, which, no doubt will be produced in a day or two, and will just suit the British public. The non Catho lic public is determined that the Council shall be a failure, but they can get no proofs worth anything, hence these absurd tales about the Pope Hying into a passion about his infallibility, first with a French Bishop, and then with Cardinal Antonelli, and tell ing him that he was a diplomatist, but no theologian, and had better mind his own business, not meddle with the question of Papal infallibility. ' Everybody here, who mixes with the English, hears these and a hundred, equally reliable 'canards,' the last new thing in Roman nevys, which can be brought at so many scudi per yard, from any of these re spectable vendors of gossip, by anyone who thinks it worth while to pay for the article. . ' The last new ' canard' is, that the Pope and the Jesuits were going to^ trick the Bishops, at the opening of the Council, by a Bull which was in some wonderful way to tie their hands, and which it was^ supposed no one would have presence of mind to op pose. But there was no Bull read at all ; so now we are told that the Bishops found it out, and the Jesuits and the Pope being baffled, withdrew it from the programme of the opening. Still this wonderful Bull may come down, (so we are told) like a thunder clap at any moment ! This is the sort of stuff which is talked of in certain English circles in Rome, and which is the kind of gabble sent by the correspondents of theEnglish papers, especially of the lead ing journals — and he who pays most gets first pick of the pudding. ' I see the papers, Catholic and Protestant are never weary of telling you that the great end of the Council is to proclaim Papal In fallibility. Here, in Rome, I can discover no sign that it was ever intended to bring forward the question. The report that Archbishop Manning was to propose it, and that it was to be carried by acclamation, ?which in fact,. some time, ' 1' Univers' sug gested, ' was much to be hoped ;' as if, for sooth, the Holy Ghost, needed the sugges tions of journalists, is treated here as a ridiculous figment worthy of a conclave of j pious grandmothers. If the question of i Papal Infallibility is treated at all, it will be examined gravely on historical grounds and theological principles, — not one of the ob jections suggested by Mgr. Dupanloup and | the author of * Janus,' but will be weighed and duly assessed. But well-informed peo ple declare that it is not in the programme at all, and certainly the Pope has not made the most distant allusion to it in any of his pronouncements. ' ' I see that Cardinals Antonelli, Patrizzi, and Cullen, the Archbishops of Malines, Westminster, Rouen, Tours, and others, have been appointed on a most important congregation, to decide on the form in which questions shall be proposed before the Coun cil. Every Bishop will have a right to be heard, but for the sake of order, will have to submit his propositions to this committee of his colleagues before bringing them for ward. 'By the time these lines reach your readers Christinas Day will have dawned upon the Church. ' Never, we may venture to say, will such a Christmas festival have been celebrated, in Rome. It recalls to mind another Christ mas-day iu Rome, when the illustrious Em peror Charlemagne here, on this very spot, on* the feast of the Nativity, a thousand years ago, reodived from the Pope, the Im perial diadem, vrhen tha Father of Christen dom revived in his person the extinct Christian Empire of the West. Behold, long since, the Empire of the West has ceased to be ; other dynasties have risen up and gone to decay. Then; is not one ancient throne of Europe that is possessed in right of legitimate descent. Hen.', in Rome, are the last of the dispossessed Princes, an Em press, too, of the house of Hapsburgh, is pre sent, whose predecessors were the lasttwo who were prayed for in the Liturgy, as represent ing the old Roman Empire. Yonder in the south aisle are the ashes of the last of the Stuarts — your old Royal race, which has come into existence and passed away, since Charlemagne was crowned Roman Emperor of the West, The Eastern Empire has been utterly swept away ; the Moslem still holds San eta Sophia, the ancient Basilica of the proud Patriarchs of Constantinople, chas tised for their pride and ambition, who could not brook the light yoke of submission to the See of Peter, and nave now for near four hundred years, been the vassals of the descendant of the False Prophet. ' And all this thousand years one throne alone has stood unmoved, and re mains unshaken — the throne of the Fisher man, the seat of Peter, the immovable Rock of the Church. These thoughts crowded upon me to-day as I stood here in Rome, the city of ten thousand memories in front rvf -f-.liA ' rinnffissinn ' lip--np.nf.il f.Tip. 'Hiwh Alf.nr of S. Peter's. There lie the Sacred Relics of Peter the Apostle, and Paul the Doctor of the Gentiles ; and in the vaults around, lie entombed almost everyone of the line of Pontiffs many of them niartyrsfor the faith , and in the living Pontiff we have the last link in the chain leading up to S. Peter, and his Divine Master ; that Simon to whom the Incarnate God said, ' Thou art a Rock, and on this Rock I will build My Church, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it.' ' Here, too, are the living successors of the other Apostles, representatives of the Churches of the Ancient World, and of the New. I do not understand, how a Christian can be in Rome, and not feel that he ought to be a Catholic ; and that forms of Christianity which are separated from the One, Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church, whose centre is the See of Peter, must be imperfect — fragmentary — and anachronism. This is, at least, one lesson which the Coun cil is telling far and wide. The anachron ism * of Protestantism strikes everybody, more than it strikes Protestants. SCRAPS OF ROMAN NEWS. ' On the actual progress of the Council, no reliable reports reach the open air. The Fathers meet with closed doors, and all who are in secret, of course, observe rigorously the oath of secrecy which binds under mortal sin and excommunication. 'On the question of Papal Infallibility, the unanimity is remarkable. On this point tile Bishops freely speak their minds, which is one argument, that is not one of the sub jects included in the programme. ' A Bull has been issued, providing that in case of the Pope's death during the sitting of the Council, the election shall be the Cardinals only, and that the Council shall be 'ipso facto' suspended, until the election of a new Pontiff shall give to the Church and to the Council a legitimate Head. This is a formality always observed at a General Council. The Pope's health is, thank God, as good as ever. In fact, he astonishes all the Bishops by the way in which he endures the extraordinary fatigues of the long public and private audiences, and daily and even hourly consultations with the high officials of the Council, and its different Commit tees, ' It is said that the Holy Father expects the Council may have concluded all its busi ness, so as to be closed in June, on the feast of SS. Peter and Paul. But even in the case of the Holy Father this is conjecture ; for the Council has met, not to endorse any cut and dried programe, but to do whatsoever God the Holy Ghost shall inspire it to do. ' The arrivals of the Bishops may be con sidered over, or nearly so. In fact, of the whole Catholic Episcopate; there are not more than about three hundred absent in their Dioceses, either detained by violence as in Russsia, or by age and infirmities, or by duties to their flocks which have been judged indispensible. ' Great grief is felt in Rome at the news received a day or two ago, that the venerable and beloved Archbishop Polding, Metropoli tan of Sydney, (I heard from him a few days ago, on the eve of his departure for Rome by the Suez route), has been taken ill at Aden; and been obliged to turn back. Those who know the energy of the holy Archbishop, entertain the conviction that his illness must be most serious, and look with the deepest anxiety for the next telegram. The amiable ard tender-hearted Apostolic Bishop is so well known, personally or by report, in America and England, as the pioneer of the Church in Australia, its first Bishop, and the founder of its Hierarchy, that his ab sence or death is felt by many of us like the loss of a father or oeloved friend. His place will not easily be supplied. ' I was present at a remarkable function in the.Churoh of the Twelve Apostles on the Sunday before the Council, it was a solemn 6 'Quarant Ore,' at which the Pope officiated, and carried the Blessed Sacrament in pro cession, while the canopy was supported by eight Archbishops. 'A few days ago I had the happiness, together with a good party of our American friends, of meeting the Holy Father. He was passing up the Scala Regia, the grand entrance to the Vatican, and as we knelt to get_his_ blessing he recognized at a glance, which is his remarkable faculty, several of our party, and laid his hands on. the heads of some of us with remarkable tenderness, say ing, what pride he took in the faith of the young Church of the New World, which made up to him for so many defections nearer home. ' The fine weather has come just in time fora rather brilliant military spectacle or review of the Pontifical troops, which came off yesterday.— ' Yours truly, D.' Confiscation of Church Property. — The committee of ministers has been lately occupied with the confiscated properties bo longing to the Catholic clergy in Poland. lhese gentlemen nave decided that a third part shall be given to the peasant, in order to prevent their regretting the convents, or desiring their restoration : that the two other parts shall be sold by auction, but only to those who profess the religion of Russia. This detestable system is calculated to encourage apostasy. However, by the mercy of God, there are always more mar tyrs than apostates, but still it is terrible to think of the chastisements which must follow the accumulated sufferings of so many un known martyrs. 