CURIOUS ANCIENT BIBLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir,-Bibliomaniacs can enjoy a rare treat on board of H.I.R.M. corvette, Boyarin. The Bible used for religions service on board the ship is the ancient Sclavonic version of Cyril and Methodius who, in the ninth century, translated the Scriptures into the Sclavic language, under the auspices of Pope John the VIII. It was first printed in 1581. By the courtesy of Lieutenant Elagin, I had the opportunity afforded me of inspecting this literary treasure. It is in bold type and good preservation, strongly bound, and heavily embossed with silver. An image of the Saviour is in the centre, with the four Evangelists at the corners, on one side, and various designs on the other. This version is as much different, however, from the present spoken and written language of Russia, as the Latin is from modern Italian, or as the Hebrew Scriptures of our Saviour's time was from the language then spoken by the Jews. Where the crew assemble for religious worship, there is a picture of our Redeemer richly framed in silver, and at the foot of this the Bible is kept. When not in use all is enclosed within silk curtains so. One of the officers officiates, there being no priest of the Greek Church on board. I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, E. SWARBRECK HALL. Melville-street, Hobarton, 1st June, 1870. Law Worthy of Copy_Odo of the laws of Japan is, and has been for centuries, that who- ever cuts down a tree shall thereafter plant one. So the hills are covered with verdure, and all in groves of trees set at equal distances ; hero a grove five years planted ; there trees 200 years old, may be soon. The effect of this law is wood and lumber will always be easily obtainable, while in America especially, the next century will see a scarcity of lumber that Japanese pru- dence would have avoided. A Dutchman's visit to the " Rappers. A Dutch widower, out West, whose better half departed on a long journey to the spirit land some mouths ago, determined the other day to consult the " Rappers and endeavour to obtain a spiritual communication, feeling anxious respecting the future state of his wife, After the usual ceremonies, the spirit of " Mrs. Hauritz", manifested by nips its willingness to converse with her disconsolate spouBo. " Yes, dearest, it is your own wife, who-. " Ono tam lie I you novel of a ghost interrupted Hauntz, starting from his seat ; " mine frau speak nothing but Don tch and she never said tempest in her life. It was always ' Hauritz you tief !' or Hauntz, you dirty scheming !' " and the Dutchman hob blood from the room, well satisfied that the rapping spirits" were all humbugs, and that he was safe from any further communications with his shrewish frau on this earth, 