We have ou a former occasion alluded to a new book in two volumes, recently published ia London by Sir William Deaison, and intituled ' Varieties of Vice- Regal Life.' The work, indeed, is, in many parts, below mediocrity, and, as has before been mentioned, tlie introduction of passages from the journal of Lady Denison, and records of the ex-Governor's passing resolutions to get rid of his disobedient Ministers, were neither evi dences of good taste nor of sound judgment. There are other passages of the book, however, which are not so objectionable, and some of his remarks upon the New Zealand war, as it was conducted while he was Governor of this colony, evince a considerable amount of good sense. For instance, with regard to the military operations, he says in one place, ' The troops are doing nothing ; but then there is not much to do. They went to look at a pah the other day, but, finding it an awkward place, turned round and came back again. I tried in the last war to persuade the military authorities that it wasf a piece of folly to storm a pah. The Maories hold on till they are seriously attacked, and then, as we come in at one end, they, having done as much harm to us as possible, go out at the other.' As a general rule, Sir William Denison is right. At the terrible Gate pah, indeed, the enemy feigned a retreat in tho first instance, but did not really abandon their fortress until they had massacred the leading files of those who advanced with the idea that they were about to take peaceable possession. 'We ought,' says Sir William, ' to take a leaf out of Cccsar's book, and when we have three hundred or four hundred men in a pah, we ought to enclose them. They are not provisioned for a siege, and a pah is, r.s often as not, on a hil), without water within the lino of palisades, so that in a few days the garrison would be obliged to capitulate, or else make a rush to escape, when a ditch or parapet, with a few trees felled in front, would detain them under a fire long enough to cause a very serious loss, if not to compel them to sur render.' The proposed plan denotes the practical military engineer; but it must be remembered that it would only bo practicable when the forces at our command were very numerous, as was the case when General Cameron was in the field. Wo have read in some forgotten book of an eccentrio personage who either was or pretended to be very deaf, and, under tho subterfuge of supposing that everybody else was similarly afflicted, gave utterance aloud, and very freely, to his thoughts about his friends and acquaintances, whether they were present or not, in which latter case his outspoken candour was sometimes very embarrassing. Sir William Deni&on;'s criticisms of some of the military commanders in New Zealand at tin's time remind us of this oddity: and although they are for the most part quite jnst, we rarely find an ex- Governor reproducing his hostile opinions in print, when he well knows that they will meet the eyes of the persons criticised. He speaks of one as a person whose highest notio of the science of warfare ia the mere handling of troops, and who, like many others, in his admiration of mere tactics, entirely overlooks strategy, the highest branch of warfare. He goes on to say, very justly, that, when thrown into difficulties, the officers have to look to their men to extricate them — an opinion which will be fully borne out by many who have served in New Zealand. Perhaps this downright and wholesome criticism may not be without its beneficial effects, and may act ' as an encouragement to the others.' When Sir William DeniBsn left this colony, to assume the government of Madras, he was highly popular. It will be remembered that a large number of the citizens accompanied him in steamers outside the Heads, and the sturdy figure of the retiring Governor, as ho stood on the paddle-bos of the mail steamer, responding to the waving of hats and handkerchiefs, can be easily recalled to the mind's eye by those who witnessed the scene. The fact is that the Governor had recently done several popular things, and his memo rable reminder to the Upper House, that ' the weakest must go to the Avail,' is not yet forgotten. But, for all that, it was well knojvn that he was rather too fond of having his own way to be particularly partial to the trammels and restraints of responsible govern meut. He evidently looked upon his Indian appointment as a release, which would give him a government of a more personal charac ter, and more congenial to his taste. Ho remarks upon his helplessness to interfere in matters which he considers objectionable. ' One may make suggestions,' he says, 'but these, if adopted, which is by no means certain to be the case, are pretty sure to be marred in the working, from the ignorance of the instruments, or from the inability of the Ministers to comprehend subjects upon which they have never thought, or upon which, if they have ever looked, it has been through a glass like a kaleidescope.' This is not very complimentary to the elect of the people ; but it is no news lo be told that the former Governor of Van ' Diemcn's Land had a spice of- tlie ' Tartar' in his composition. He must often have chafed over what he would regard as the tyrannical and ignorant majorities at the Executive Council Board, and must have felt delighted nt the prospect of a more despotic rule ia India. He, and his lady, however, appear to have retained but poor impressions of the Australians. The Times, in a notice of the book, says : ' With the recollec ? tions of the esteem in which. he and Lady Denison were held by their Australian subjects, it is not wonderful that he should look back with satisfaction to the days of his colonial administration ; and we confess that wo think some of their remi niscences of a people so friendly and impres sible are rather ungracious.' The value of a judgment, however, must depend the impar tiality of the judge ; and although it may on some occasions be advantageous to see oui selves as others see us, the picture will not be just if it be the effect of a distorted vision. Wreck of the Wai/tee Hood.— We understand that the medals to be presented to Messrs. Harrison and Bailey, for their heroic conduct in connection with the wreck of the Walter Hood, are to be presented to them at Greville's Commercial Booms, instead of at Cour voisier's Hotel, at noon, this day (Monday). Prince op Wales Opera House.— On Saturday eight Ids Excellency Lord Bolmoie and the Countess attended the opera of ' Lucrezia Borgia,' being per formed by vice- regal command. The vice-regal party also comprised Commodore Lambert and Airs. Lambert, Captain Beresford, A.D.C., and Mr. Henry. To-nigW Meyerbeer's magnificent opera, ' Lea Huguenots ' will be produced. This has been some time in preparation, aad will, we believe, be brought before the public is a style fully equal to any previous effort of the manage ment. Volusteeb Parades. — The monthly Commanding Officer's parade of the West JIaitland Volunteer Bifles was held on Thursday evening. There were present three officers, seven sergeants, and sixty rank and file. The Mercury states that owing to the want of a drill ground the company were simply marched up and down the town. They were then marched into the piece of ground adjoining the armoury, where, being formed into a hollow square, Captain Wilkinson informed the company that they were not likely to again enjoy the pleasure of being drilled by sergeant-major Hill, who, in consequence of promotion, was about to remove to Sydney. Sergeant Hill then addressed the coninany in a few remarks, expressing his regret at parting from them, and promising that he would spare no effort, in Ms new sphere in Sydney, to advance the welfare aad tho prosperity of the Northern Battalion. — Wo under stand that a movement has been set on foot among the members of the company to present sergeant TTill with a testimonial of their appreciation gof his valuable services. Asother Flood nt .the Bogan.— Mr. George Palmer has received a lettet from his overseer, at Cooradgery, on the Bogan River, which is published ui the Bathurtt Free Press:— 'June 7th, 1870. I am sorry to inform you that the young lad, David Dodd, was dro weed here last Thursday while atteaapidxig to cross the river. I have informed the police of the matter, and I suppose they will write to you concern ing his parents, as I could give them do information about them. We found his body on Sunday and buried him last evening, The flood was, I believe, the greatest ever known in this part ; the water being four feet in the shed, and two feet; in the house and store. But with the exception of sweeping away a portion of the paddock feaee, the wasbpool and voids at the sheds, it has done no very serious damage. . . . Mr. Gilmour, I hear, has lost three or four flocks of sheep by the last flood.' Mr. Palmer informs us that it is twenty-six years since he first resided on the Bogan, and he has no recollection of any flood having reached the height named in the above extract, within several feet, as the lieuse referred to was serer, within hU knowledge, flooded at all. Theatre Koyal Adelphi.— A new farce, by the author of 'Anniversary Day,' was produced at this theatre on Saturday last, and may be pronounced a decided success. It is entitled the ' Two Lovers, or the Ghosts in the Churchyard.' It is smartly written. Mr. William Andrews was particularly comic, especially in tho churchyard scene, and greatly aided the success of the performance. The farce was well mounted, and some very pretty scenery was introduced. Bliss Carey, and Messrs. Davies and Douglass are deserving of com mendation for their respective parts. There was a very good attendance. The 'Turn of the Tide' increases highly in popularity, and is likely to hold its place in the bills for some time to come. The sensation scenes, by Wilson and Habbe, are the best specimens of effect we have seen in Sydney, and it would be an utter impossibility to find a stronger east. The characters represented by Messrs. HoUoway, Lionel Harding, Andrews, Welsh, and Mosdaines Holloway and others, arc all admirably sustained. The Thames embankment scene, with the sensational incident of the rescue of Mildred by Clement Morris, nightly arouses the audience to the highest point of enthusiasm. This evening his Excellency the Governor will favour this theatre with his presence. Miss Rosa Cooper will appear in a comedietta entitled ' The Head of the Family.' To conclude with the 'The Turn of the Tide/ Tebbible Accident.— An accident of unusual severity happened on Wednesday last to a navvy named George Hughes, employed at Graver's cutting, No. 7 contract. It appears from the Soihurst Times, that the unfortunate man had returned to cutting after having breakfasted, and arrived at the work just as a shot exploded unexpectedly. Two large masses of rock fell on his legs, smashing his left foot ; hor ribly lacerating the flesh and its structures, and break ing the bone of the leg in several places. H« also sus tained a compound fracture of the right leg, and his back was bruised and injured. Hughes, who is a man of immense strength and resolution, was brought into Bathurst in a, cart, a distance of sixteen or seventeen miles, and was at once taken to the hospital and placed under Dr. Morgan's care. It was found neces sary to amputate the cniBhed foet and lower portion of the leg, and tho operation was accordingly per formed on thursday by Dr. Morgan and Dr. Bassett. We are informed that the poor fellow is dome as well as can be expected. When we are told that ' No. 7' supports a medical man to attend on the workmea employed thereon, we are not a little surprised that it should be found necessary to cart a bleeding and wounded man to so great a distance to obtain that sur gical aid which we consider might have been afforded ob the spot. RaviEw m the Domain.— It has probably been long since so much powder was burnt in the Domain as was fired there on Saturday last, wheuthe postponed birth day review came off. There was an excellent attend ance on the part of all the corps concerned, The Duke of Edinburgh Highlanders assembled two 'companies strong; and however Southern prejudice may decry the costume, it certainly, when massed, lends an exceedingly pietureque aspect to a large body of soldiery. That public curiosity was on the gut vive was folly manifested by the stream of spectators which commenced to wend its way towards the Domain about two o'clock, and continued until after four, by which time the reserve was densely crowded. There has never been such a throng within the enclosure since the visit of his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh. Tho various corps fell in at their parade grounds, and, having assembled at Hyde Park Barracks, they, about four o'clock, marched to the scene of action. Having been inspected by his Excellency the Governor, who was attended by a numerous staff, they were exercised in martial manoeuvres of more or leBS intricacy, all of which they executed with surpassing skill and intelli gence. The artillery must be congratulated upon the proficiency they displayed in gun drill. . The cannons were smartly handled,, and fired with precision and regularity, and the rapidity with which the batteries, took up position, unumbered, stood to their guns, and again at the word of command limbered up and moved off in double quick time, excited universal eulogy. The riflemen also displayed great proficiency in light infantry drill, and those briny veterans, the Naval Brigade,, who appear to form happy combinations of tho tar, the marine, and the gunner, achieved wonders. It would be a matter of almost impossibility to attempt a detailed description of the various evolutions. The crowd, which swayed and surged round the little army, was so great that it was at times a matter of extreme difficulty to catch much more than a passing glance at our citizen soldiers. The Naval Brigade charged with headlong and reckless gallantry from WooUoomooloo Bay, up the strops, the riflemen fired everywhere, and in all attitudes, and the artillery took up a position immediately overlooking the town, and commenced such a furious cannonade as made every window within the precincts tremble, in company with itsowner pro. tern. Borses plunged wildly, tboDom∈ cattle fled in dismay, innumerable urchins hurrahed, and the more sensitive of the populace sought such icfuge as the resources at hand suggested. However, after prolonged exertions^ the line retired, formed in companies along the cricket ground, and towards St Mary's. Line was formed, and firing, incessant and furious, again ensued ; after which the corps formed solid square and once more banged away am amorc until ordered to desist. Field-days of this kind are certainly calculated to test the mettle of our citizen army ; and the manner in which the volunteers acquitted themselves appeared highly creditable, and spoke volumeB fer the training to which they have been subjected, and the patience and skill of the instructors. The various evolutions were brought to a termination &£out nightfall* 