\- lit? (Mtyfttt JamiUu BY F.-E. YV. CHAPTER VIL -It was fortunate for Bessie that Mrs. Carlyon's attention was distracted from her offence by 11 r. Archer's serious illness. He, in a fit of uncontrollable irritation, insisted on having Bessie to nurse him. He -would not peimit aiiy professional nurse to enter the house, and no one was able to please him. She felt somewhat reluctant at leaving Carola, but it was insisted upon by the sick man. _. " Mr. Archer has so much in his power, you know, Bessie," Carola urged, ''and if he takes Charlie's part your perplexities would be considerably smoothed. I am sure I should be traly grieved if through me you were to offend him." ^ She yielded to this view of the question, and made all the arrangements possible for Carola's comfort during her absence. She gave Amelia so many injunctions that that faithful but rather obtuse domestic declared that her head was "all of a buzz,' and conscientiously disregarded half of them as soon as Bessie was out of the house. She made an invaluable nurse. Kind though she was, she possessed a certain determination of purpose to which her brother-in-law tacitly succumbed. Poor Mrs. Carlyon, never very strong, was quite worn out with his caprices,' and thankfully relinquished the unruly patient to Bessie's gentle yet firm management. His case did not progress favourably, in spite of all the care bestowed on him. Since his marriage he had acquired a habit of drinking heavily, and his constitution, never a very strong one, had become much enfeebled by this unhappy failing. The doctors spoke very unfavourably of his state, and warned Mrs. Carlyon to prepare Ida for the worst. Although his illness had been protracted and severe, the thought that he was in danger of death never penetrated his mind. During the long nights he and Bessie had many conversations together-for the delirium had passed away, and his mind was as clear and active as ever-upon his worldly affairs, about which he was never weary of |dilating. But at any attempt made by her. to draw his attention to reli gious subjects he drew back determinedly. Ida was a theme he harped on with still increasing bitterness. Bessie had essayed from the first to effect a reconciliation, bat without the faintest success, any reference to her throwing him into- such a .state of nervous irritation that she was obliged in consideration for him to desist. Airs. Carlyon had told him the story of Charlie's presumption, as she indignantly termed it, and, in a moment of weakness, her own mistake. Much to her maternal disgust, her son-in-law persisted in consi dering it as a good joke, and nearly drove her frantic with annoyance at the way he dilated upon it, Mid maliciously sympathized with her upon the ridiculous position she had placed herself in. Bessie, also, had to stand the brunt of his jests, but with her they were of a far more kindly and genial nature. He liked her, and, spiteful though he was by nature, felt unwilling to wound the feelings of his kind little nurse. She was much grieved at the knowledge of his danger, and the obstinacy; with which ; he ignored every warning. He feared death too much to be willing to admit, even to himself, that it was near, and long after hope had gone persisted in talking of when he would be able to leave his room, and even fix periods for it, unconscious that he would never quit it except as a corpse. One day an idea struck him, aud he seemed nervously anxious to have it at once carried out. This was some weeks after Bessie's installation as nurse. It is im possible to say whether it was through some premonition of his fast approaching end, or only some sick irritable fancy. He wished to see his solicitor; he must see him at once. A message was sent, and his legal adviser obeyed his summons as.soon as possitle. He was closeted with him for some time, and two of the servants were summoned to the sick room to affix their names to some legal document. Then Bessie was recalled. "Remember what you have written for me," she heard Archer say as she entered. " I am not afraid of dying. I shall soon be well I know; but accidents may happen, and of course I wish to leave my fine lady wife some little remembrance of me." Anil he laughed until a fit of coughing terminated his discordant gaiety. Mrs. Carlyon was made very uneasy by the solicitor's visit. She knew that the ill assoited couple had a mutual aversion for each other, and was very much alarmed lest he should entirety alienate his property from his wife, and as he would not allow her even to enter Lis sick room there seemed reason able grounds for such a fear. If Ida felt misgivings on the subject her pride would not permit her to discuss them even with her mother. Doubtless she was chagrined at not being permitted to enter her | husband's room; but she had an aversion to anything so disagreeable as sickness or death, ' and the exemption from personal attendance on him compensated for the slight. Once or twice she had ventured in whilst he was asleep, but the alteration in him shocked and frightened her. The convulsive, laboured breathing and attenuated features struck her with an undetinable dread, aud at his slightest movement she would shriuk tremblingly from the room. The end was very sudden. He -seemed better, and had announced gleefully to Bessie that he felt a total cessation from pain, and was astonished that she had tears m her eyes. " Will you not see Ida?'1 she whispered; but he shook his head petu lantly. " Do not think me a bad man altogether, Bessie," he said. After a few minutes, during which he had been lying with his eyes closed-"I am getting bitter, you know, and will see to it myself; but if I had died, as those stupid old doctors pre dicted, I had made arrangements to make you happy, old girl. I have seen too much of women marrying for money; you and your blessed Charlie shall marry for love; and you won't call the poor old man very hard names, will yoil?" He resumed again in a voice perceptibly weaker-" You think .me very wicked not to forgive my wife; but I do not. I will not forgive her," ho exclaimed, with a sudden access of passion that shocked the listener. "When I married, Bessie, I had not been a good man-I don't say I was for an instant -but I loved Ida. I did; and if she had only cjiosen she could have made of me any thing she liked. I made a resolve to be a good man for the future the night before we were married, aud if she had helped me we would have been happy ; I swear we would. But Ida would not help me, and I got reck less. Every other fellow she saw she would talk kindly to and smile upon, whilst she shrank from me as if I were adog, if I'd taken a glas3 of wine or so. She never thought I knew it; but I did-oh! my God, Bessie, there is something coming over me! What is it? Bessie! Bessie!-it is not-no, surely not-it cannot-be death!" Ida and her mother rushed into the room at the Bound of the bell that Bessie rung frantically, her other hand clutched by the dying man. He never spoke again, but with a last, fearful, convulsive sob he died. Ida shrieked, and feinted, quite overcome by the look of ghastly reproach with which his glazing eyes had settled upon her. Bessie only exchanged her post of nurse at one Bick-bed to attend that of another. Carola had been in, delicate Stealth for some time before her friend left her. Left to Amelia's tender cares her illness had made insidious progress, and the cold, slight At first,- had terminated in an attack,-of low. fever. Bessie had hadeveiy moment of her time so engrossed that she had been unable to visit her; and so, when she returned, she was painfully struck by the alteration m her uncomplaining little friend. She lost no time in.;; procuring - medical advice, and bitterly ,*eproached herself for what she could iu>+ ^elp, with all the impulsiveness of her J7 indly -nature. " "5 oii--TrrdU kill yourself- if thisnursing goes Mk* much longer," Charlie grumbled "Just have the kindness to remember tliat y^u belong to me now, and I will not submit "Aiidliave nie neglect poor dear Cairoli* ? Oh, Charlie!" ^ Carola gave very little trouble to any one. Patient uncomplaining, she seemed to be happy when Jessie was with her, despite her illness. ? An* unnatural (so at least it appeared to Bessie) peace had come over her. All the poor little lady's restless fidgettv ways had gone for ever. " Tltere is something that pozzies me in Mrs. Basting's case," avowed the Doctor. "Do you think slxe has any secret unhappi 11 ess? If she would make an effort I see, nothing to prevent her recovery in a short time." ? She herself made light of her illness. "It is nothing at all," she would say, "a cold and weariness. I am so tired always. It seems to me if I could only lie down and sleep for ever, I should be. quite content. Rest is all I want. If you write Paul any doleful accounts of me I shall never forgive you. Remember how important it is for him to succeed in his business." Bessie wrote; but really there seemed nothing of any such importance to necessi tate Paul's recall. His letters to his little wife were regular in their arrival, and full of kindness; but, much to Bessie's surprise, instead of a perusal and xeperusal being required, the little woman was content with having heard them once. Month after month passed on, and still she did not get stronger; he had been delayed a considerable period beyond what he had at first anticipated. Archer's will occasioned some surprise to those concerned. All his property was left to Ida unreservedly, as if no shadow had ever come between them. Mrs. Carlyon triumphed. Ida was cold and impassive as ever; but a keen observer might have noted her eyes brighter with gratified pride. Ida did not feign any great grief, lier nature was too proud to stoop to such dis simulation. Her husband's death only in creased her pride. She swept through the magnificently furnished chambers of ^ her spacious home in all the sable insignia of woe; her heart throbbed proudly with the thought, "It is mine; mine without reser vation." , , ,, Once she visited Carola, _ and there was genuine sympathy in iier voice as she noted, the ravages disease had made in her cousin ; kindly, even tenderly, pressing upon her the use of her carriage or anything she had. Carola did not turn from her kindness I now, neither did she accept it. The petu lance of her manner had. gone, and a dignified composure came in its stead. After Ida had gone she called Bessie and desired her to ask her visitor not to come again. " I am so weak now," she said apologeti cally, "that any one but yourself seems to agitate me. I am not strong-and-and Bessie, I tih'inlr you had "better write for paul .' A. violent burst of hysterical tears stopped her utterance. Bessie, really alarmed, lost no time m obeying her behests. Ere he could return, however, all that was immortal of Carola had quitted the earth. Her end was very peaceful. She died, her head pillowed on the breast of her faithful friend, and with her name the last on her lips. Bessie had feared that she would grieve _ for Pauls absence, but by some mysterious intervention that care was taken from her. She was weary of life, and so when disease came relinquished herself to it. Her life had been dark on earth and she was glad to go. "It has been a mistake, Bessie," she j murmured softly a few hours before her < death. All a mistake. I had no right to i chain his life to mine. I am glad to be able j to restore him his freedom." j " He was never half good enough for you, : my own darling," was answered, the hot j tears coursing down her cheeks; but the j departing girl held up a warning hand. i " Hush ! you must not speak in that way. j He has been very good to me ; but, Bessie, I am weary and want rest," Bessie read a chapter of the Bible whicn. she asked for, and then she fell into a quiet sleep. "Kiss me, Bessie, and say good night," she murmured, as she was closing her eves. '' I shall not wake until it is morning." They were the last words she uttered. Bessie remained motionless for some time, then finding her patient's head grow heavy on her arm, found that she had indeed passed away to the land where there is no darkness. The morning had indeed welcomed her. The shock of her death was very severe to Paul. He had never dreamed that his little wife would fade away. Delicate sho had always been. But that she should be dead seemed incredible to his mind. He had j rushed to his house at his utmost speed as i soon as he left the steamer. Missing Charlie, 1 who had gone to break the news to him, and j the closed blinds were the first intimation he j received. Bessie met him quietly, and at j once led him to where Carola lay. t "You.may well know her loss, Paul,", j she said solemnly. " For in all your future i life it is not likely you will inoet with j another such love as she had for you. I Jo i not blame you; but what killed your wifo , was a broken heart," and Bessie melted into . tears, Paul's haggard face awakeniug all her j sympathy. ? : His conscience smote him as he stood and ! gazed at the placid countenance, of his dead wife. "I never ought to haveleft>. you, Carola," he groaned in bitterness of spirit. " Is ever. I have broken, her heart, Bessie ; and I am a wrctch. Having linked her life to mine, I never ought to have left her, knowing her sensitive nature. " And so her short life was end ad, aud Paul was once more a free man. He did not take to his freedom at all kiudly at first, and Charlie had much ado to cheer him. The house looked and felt very dreary now; Bessie, of course, returning to her mother. Paul had it all to hiaiself ; the little servant declining to remain under the plea of being afraid of "ghosts." Who is there on earth fortunate enough to be able to reflect with unalloyad satisfaction on all parts of their conduct to those who have already crossed the dark river? Paul grieved deeply for the wounds ho felt he had inflicted on the little loving I heart now cold and pulseless; aud in the first flush of his grief almost vowed never to see Ida again. "Carola was worth a thousand Idas in her pure, earnest womanhood, and yet I slighted her. Oh ! Carola, if I could but have knelt to you, aud implored your pardon, your kind heart would have granted I it." 