Bathurst Autumn Meeting, 18*70. (REFOBTED EXPBESSIIY FOB THE TOWN AND COUNTBY JOURNAL.) JUDGE : J. N. M'Intosli, Esq. ' HANDICAPPER : Thoma's H. West, Esq. STEWAHDS:--A, Thompson, Esq. ; W. Kite, Esq. ; . John iM'Phillamy, Esq. ; E. Combes, Esq. j James Rutherford, Esq. ; Thomas Lee, Esq. CLERK OP THE OounsE AND STARTER : Mr. James .Cassidy. Who has not seen tho Bathmat Course has, not seen the .prettiest and best improved ono in Nov South Wales, after Randwiok and Homebush. AVhat the Bathurst Club have dono'to make their course good and their mooting attractive would fill a, good-sized book, were I to essay the task of tolling it ; and I must therefore rest satisfied with a few particulars. The course is situated just a convenient distance from the town ; . is fenced in with imling fence ; and the stand and saddling paddock, aro all put up after the plan adopted by tho A. J. 0. at Randwick. It is a matter of much regret that the efforts of the Bathurst sportsmen have not been crowned with as great a measure of success as they deserve ; but hitherto tho meetings have been losing affairs in point of inonoy; something having always turned up to prevent a large entry of horses or .attendance of spectators. This time, however, things have done bettor ; and it is satisfactory to me to say that the meeting was in every way successful. Certainly, the raih. on tho first day kept many people away ; but any shortcoming in this espeot on the Wednesday was amply compensated or by the glorious s unshino and crowded stand and booths on Thursday and Friday. Tho town pre sented a lively appearance within a few days of the races. The Metropolitan racing and betting division were well represented. Messrs. Tait' Lee, and Ivory had horses engaged in most of tho races; and altogether the meeting created quite as much interest and excitement as a provincial ono generally does at best of times. Beside tho Sydney lots, Mr. Cornwell came from Richmond with Car nation and Moderator of Mr. Town's, and Mr. M'Quade's "Juanita," and won with each of thom. Mr. Lee and Mr. Ivory were out of luck, excepting so fai ns the Leger was concerned, which fell \inexpectedly to Surbiton. Phoebe, who had been backed for tho Cup at a short price in Sydney, ran four times without scoring a win, though she was twice socond ; and after five races falling to Mr. Cornwell's lot and two to Mr. Tait's, there remained six for tho country division. The course had been a trifle hard ; but tho rain of Tues day and Wednesday morning put it in good order, so that nothing broke clown going down the hill ; though the up-hill business was pretty severe, and told on tho heavy weights. When Carnation arrived, and was seen to bo in such splendid fettle, she became a great favourite ; and was freely backed at short odds for all her engagements: but Traverton, who looked-out of sorts, lost caste altogether ; Mr. Tait giving the people who had b'aoked him on the strength of tho difference between the opinion formed by him of Mr. AVest, and tho high estimation in whioh ho was held by tho Rand wick Handicappers, a start for their money, though the horse hadn't the ghost of a chance. I fanoy Juanita must have been short of time, and conse quently not in tip-top fettle, or else Surbiton would not have got his head in front for tho Leger ; however, Mr. M'Quade's cheap purchase put a couple of races to her owner's credit. Tho Ida colt looked well and went well, and would have taken a great quantity of beating in either, of his light weight races, both of which ne won with plenty to spare. Having thus fur generally premised, I proceed to give you an account of what was done on the FIRST DAY.*-WEDNESDAY. The morning opened cheerless and miserable ; so that when it was time to go to tho course only tho sporting people were to be seen on the move. No place is more wretched than a racecourse in wet weather ; and this day that of Bathurst was no exception. There were not moro than three or four hundred people on tho ground ; and of those a largo portion were of tho clever sort, who live on the weakness of others. All tho games incidental to races were there; but, as these have been described by every ono who has written races for the last twenty years, your readers dont want to bo en lightened any more on that part of the subject. The officials were all at their posts, and doing their duty in a praiseworthy manner, as indeed tho Bathurst race officials do; and nobody found much in the arrange ments to growl about. The people were weU behaved ; and gave the police littlo enough to do. A great place has Bathurst always been for picking winners ; and book makers have generally been caught by sonio ono " piok ing" the thrëe handicap winners. This time, however, although on the first day, all tho first favourites pulled through, there was no such tiling as " naming 'em" on * the other two. Indeed I don't remember winners being so difficult to spot on tho last day of a country meeting as they were hero. ' Punctually to time th o Maiden Platers were sent to the post, Mr. Tait's colt being a great pot ; and he won his raco very cleverly, indeed easily, making his maiden win, after sundry attempts on Metropolitan ground. After this came the Trial Stakes which brought out four animals, among whioh Avas old Pacha, as game as ever ; but though tho will is thoro, tho power is want ing ; and in running second to Moderator ho was riddon right homo by Fred Martineer, who is noted as a most accomplished punisher, second to no jockey out for severity when needed. Tho Richmond stable com menced a series of wins, by Moderator pulling off this one aftor a good raco. Tho time of this milo and a half was a second and a half faster than the Maiden Plate ; but both slow. Tho great race of tho day and of the meeting came next, and for it eleven sported silk ; Carnation at last finding moro favour with the cognoscenti than either Phoebe or Traverton, both of 'whom had been backed before time. Tho maro from Richmond justified the confidence of her backers, and did credit to her trainer by winning very cleverly, Phoebe being second, Silvcrstam third, The Moor fourth, and Advocate fifth. Traverton never showed in front from start to finish ; and if he ever was good enough to win it, about wliich there aro many doubts, he certainly was not so to day. Juanita had no diffi culty in polishing off the lot opposed to her in the Squatter's Stakes ; and so Mr. Cornwell wound up a capital day's racing by pulling off three events in suc cession. Before going fully into particulars of the sport, I may. mention that the condition of tho horses , was generally very good ; and that better racing has never been seen on any course than wo have this time enjoyed here. The Maiden Plate of 5 sovereigns eaoh, with 100 sovereigns added. lí¡ mile. Second horse to receive 10 sovereigns from tho prize, Mr. J. Tait*« IdaCólt, by Now Warrior, 3 years 7st lllbs (G. Stanley) .. .. .. 1 J. Ford's Medea, 4 years, 8st lOlbs(Francis) ..2 W. Avery's Bluo Bonnet, 4 years, 8st lOlbs (W. Ooorgo) .. .. .. . . ..3 J. T. Tlndalo's Iono, S years, 7st Dibs (L. Martincor) Betting : 2 to 1 on tlio Ida Colt. Boforo thoy drew tb tho starting post lone indulged in a once round breather by horself ; and had not her rider beon a horseman sho would most likely have parted company with lum ; as it was she put her chance out completely. After somo delay on account "of this breakaway a fair start was effected, and lone, nothing daunted by her previous performance, showed tho way at the best paco¡¡sho could make, the Ida colt, Medea, and Blue Bonnet following in tho order named, and so they jiossed tho stand and went down tho bill. In tho bottom, tho favourito, who had been pulling doublo, wont up to tho leader, disposed of her with out an effort and having the rest of "the gallop to him self, won in a cantor, hard hold. Timo, 2 min. 56 sees. The Trial StakeB of 30 sovereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns each ; for all horses ; IA milo. The winner to bo sold immediately after tho raco for £30 ; the Bur plus, if any, to go to tho funds. Second horse 5 sove reigns from prizo. Mr. A. Town's Moderator, 3 years, 7st Albs (J M'Cabo) .. 1 . .T. Do Olouet's Pacha, aged 03t 21bs (F. Martlneor) .. 2 J. Rutherford's Midnight, 4- years, 8st lOlbs (L. Martincor) .. . .. ..3 R. Read's Paris, aged, Ost 21bs. Betting : 5 to '1 on Moderator against the field. Thoro was ono falso attempt, after which tho flag fell to a good start. Midnight was tho first to show in front, Pacha noxt, and thc other two closo up. This order was maintained till. they began to doscond tho hill, whon Pacha doprived Midnight of tho load ; and hold tho command along tho bottom, whoro ho and Midnight woro racing sido by side ; and so they com menced to ascend tho hill, and Moderator was seen to make a great rmi at tho leaders. Tho gamo old tíon of Little John settled tho prétentions of Midnight in going up tho hill, and when thoy came in sight Mode rator was in front with tho race in hand. The positions wero not altered, and Mr. Town's colours woro landed first by half a length, Midnight a bad third, and Paris boaton off. Time, 2 min. 54Ï socs. Tho Bathurst Cup of 8 sovoreigns each, with 200 sove reigns added, for all horses ; 2 miles. Second horse 20 sovoreigns from tho prizo. Entrance, 7 J soveroigns. Mr. A. Town's Carnation, by Yolvorton, G years, 73t Olbs (,1. M'Cabo) .. .. .. .. .. 1 13\. Leo's Phcebo, Ü years, Sst 121bs (Colley) .. .. 2 .T. T. Tlndalo's Silvorstain, 4 years, (1st lllbs (Scott) .. 3 .T. Do Clouot's Tho Moor, 0 years, 8st 31bs (F. Martincor) . J. Tait's Traverton, aged, 7st 71bs R. Read's Mickey Froo, ngod, 7st 41bs 15\. Leo's Surbiton, 3 years, Cst 121bs P. Hunter ns Vanguard, agod, Ost 121bs T. Ivory's b g Barnoy, agad, Cst lOlbs ,, o h Marsko, 4 years, Ost 71bs H. Jeffroy's Advcicato, 4 years, Sst Olbs Betting : 2 to 1 v. Phcobe, 2 to 1 v. Carnation, 10 to 3 v. Moor, 4 to 1 v. Marske. It took somo little time, in consequence of a couple of breaks-away, to get this lot teether, but then there was not much to object to in ßie start. Advooato made tho running, clear of the others, who wero all laid up in a ruck-at tho head of winch tho colours of Phoobo and Tho Moor wore conspicuous. By tho time thoy reached the turn for homo. Vanguard ran through his horses and took tho command ; and he passed tho stand to commence tho second round, with a cloar lead of Phoebe, who was second ; The Moor, Carnation, and Silvorstain being next in order, and running sido by side. In going down tho hill, tho paeoa mended considerably, and Vanguard cried a go, leaving Silvorstain with tho load; Miokoy Proo and Advocato having joined Phoobo and Carnation, who in tlioir turn had disposed of Tho Moor, thoy ran without chango along tho bottom; but in rising tho hill Carnation commenced to force tho paco, and all but Phcobo gave way; tho two mures going out of sight; clear of tho field. When next thoy booanio visiblo, Carnation was alono in front, and Phoobo had tho honours of second placo to herself, a stato of things that continued to tho end; for although tho daughter of Sir Hercules showed all tho gamenoss of hor family, sho was no match for Carna tion on that day ; and M'Cabe scored his second -win for Mr. Town, without muoh troublo, by three or four lengths. Silvorstain ran a good raoo homo, and finished a length from Phoobo, being some lengths before Tho Moor, who was fourth, followed next by Advocate. Timo, 3 min. 50 socs. Tho Squatters' Stakes of 40 sovereigns, with a sweep of 3 sovereigns each added, for allhorses ; 1{ mile. Second horse to receivo 4 sovoreigns from the prize. Winnora of £60 at ono time71bs., of £100141bs. extra. Mr. J. M'Quado's b f Juanita, by Now Warrior, 3 years. 7st Olbs (M'Cabo) . 1 O. Tindalo's c f Fancy (late Miss Kingston), 4 yep rs Sst lOlbs (C. Stanley) .. .... 2 T. Ivory's o h Marquis, 5 years, Oat 31bs (Bennott 3 J. Tait's b o Ida Colt, 3 years, 7st lllbs .. dr Betting 3 tb I on Juanita v. tho field. Public opinion was porfeotly correct in its choice of a favorite ; for after lotting Fancy remain in "front on suft'oranco as long as sho pleased, Juanita came out in tho straight and won in a canter. Timo 2min. 24sco. 