Wallaroo Times. WALLAROO: WEDNESDAY, JAN. 12. When Mr CARR brought forward his resolutions framed apparently with a view of bringing about a commercial federation of the colonies he said he had no doubt the sympathies of the House would be unanimously in favour of the object pro- posed to be attained. Sympathy is rather an intangible sort of thing to speak of in the Legislature, but we apprehend that Mr CARR, more happy on this occasion than usual, hit upon the exact word pro- per to be used. As far as we understand it, when a government or a nation, or for that matter a legislature, sympathises, nothing further is intended to be done. England sympathised with Garibaldi in some of his most dashing enterprises, but she did nothing. She sympathised with the Poles, the Hungarians,and the Danes. And very recently a very strong party in England sympathised with the Southern States of America in their endeavour to free themselves from the jobbery, snob- bery, and shoddy aristocracy of New York; but it was with a determination to remain neutral as neutrality is defined by international law. And just so the Legis- lature of South Australia, including Mr Carr, sympathises with intercolonial free trade. As the hon. member said, the idea was no novel one, but it had been ad- vanced before, when nothing was done owing to the miserable jealousy, and no- tions of impolicy, with which both minis- ters and members were imbued. On the Authority of Mr CARR the present Govern- ment of South Australia is the weakest and most incapable that ever occupied the Treasury benches. On the same authority no Parliament has before been found to be actuated by so much petty intrigue, miserable faction, and sordid selfishness. On the authority of nearly every member in the House there has been no office-monger known whose lust has burnt more fiercely than that of Mr CARR. On the authority of Parliamen- tary documents he has been badgering the Ministry by day and begging a place of them by night. On the authority of Hansard every despicable, factious move attempted has found in him an ardent supporter. Resolutions coming from such a quarter, binding such a Govern- ment, and committing such a legislature to support a policy of inter colonial Free Trade would most likely be attended with singularly beneficial results. If the Government should attempt first to nego- tiate with the Cabinets in other colonies, and then to persuade the House to adopt a commercial treaty, every step in the way would be hampered by the office- mongering spirits in the Assembly fore- most amongst whom, when the occasion was the most petty, would be Mr CARR. Why, with this prospect before him, with this intention slumbering in his bosom, Mr CARR introduced these resolutions is plain enough. He will be able, from the hustings, to tell his constituents of his labours on behalf of that most desirable of objects, inter colonial free trade. And the resolutions afforded him an opportu- nity of mouthing some phrases, the mean- ing of which he is entirely ignorant of, in a semi-oratorical fashion-one he is particularly partial to. His arguments, if such they may be called, were as fol- lows. Mr CARR is not smitten with Inter- colonial Free Trade on the broad ground that it is to the advantage of the con- sumer to buy in the cheapest market. It seems never to have occurred to him that import duties, such as are levied by Vic- toria on South Australian wheat and wine, are paid by eaters and drinkers, not only upon the amount imported, but also upon the rubbish of the Morabool vineyards and the wheat of the farmers of the Western Plains. It exactly illustrates the narrow- ness of the man's views that he was only able to see that these protectionist duties shut out South Australian produce. Here was a protectionist-for it is evident that Mr CARR having tried every other expe- dient he can think of to obtain a Com- missionership wishes to come the protec- tionist dodge-pleading for reciprocity when restraint touched his own pockets as a farmer of South Australia; whilst, on the other hand, he lauded the grand protectionist scheme of America. The Protectionist platform of the South Aus- tralians was too narrow for Mr CARR. Tersely put this means that the Protec- tionists had better take Mr CARR for their leader, and he would show them what they should do. Free Trade platitudes, -a perception of the meaning of one of which never dawned upon his limited mental powers-had been worn out these ten years; therefore let us indulge in some Protectionist rant and adopt our grandmothers' exploded delusions. Let us take pattern by America which has Free Trade between every State but has pro- protected itself against the world during the infancy of its manufacturers. We should be much obliged if any one will reconcile the two contrary statements made by Protectionists about America, first, that its infantile manufactures are being protected; and secondly, that in the extent and perfection of its manufac- tures it can whip the world. This slight discrepancy is nothing to a Protectionist -nothing to one who is so ignorant of contemporary history "as to tell of protection in the States against the outside world. It is nothing to Mr CARR and such as he that a reciprocity treaty existed between Canada and the States from 1854 for the mutual exchange of produce. It can signify less to such politicians that this treaty was repealed in 1860, but with such disastrous results to Boston and the other ports of New England States, that even, disciples of Mr Morrill-amongst whom Mr CARR would be one of the most enthusiastic as far as ignorance is con- cerned-were brought temporarily to their senses, and in 1868 a committee specially appointed by Congress to report upon the abolition of this treaty recom- mended that it should be recommenced. Conviction stole upon these people in the only way that we should suppose Mr CARR to be answerable to, viz., through the breeches pocket. Even then they failed to see, as does Mr CARR, that con- sumers were fleeced in a precisely similar fashion by a duty on British goods of home manufacture as by one on articles from the dominion of Canada. Although Mr Carr, in the inscrutable wisdom of providence is unable to under- stand it, there is not one single argu- ment to be used in favor of intercolonial Free Trade that does not apply to foreign. Intercolonial protective duties are just a shade more barbarous and tell of an even lower stage of intelligence in the people, their representatives, and their rulers, than foreign, but that is all. The history of the growth of commerce is synonymous with that of nations. Savages; of the very lowest stage of civilization tomahawk each other when one tribe trespasses on the hunting grounds of another. In process of time the people of a continent band themselyes to resist the encroachments of foreigners. Add some day the world will arrive at that stage when men will have beaten their swords into ploughshares and their spears into pruninghooks. So with commerce. We, slightly more civilized than Choctaws and Pawnees, when we cross a river to trade have to shell out at the Custom House. That is to say a farmer on one side of the Murray and a vegneron on the other, though brothers, are respectively fined when they cross the river to inter- change their commodities. This Mr CARR says is wrong; at least he does not be- lieve in South Australian vignerons and farmers being fined when they cross the Murray, although there cannot be the shadow of a doubt that if in Victoria he would do as do Victorians. And he says it is right to tax the produce of our own brothers and cousins in England if they send it to us. Thus it will be seen he has passed the stage of internecine slaughter and has progressed as far as foreign warfare. In effect Mr CARR'S theory as to the imposition of Customs duties is governed by so many yards of pump or salt water. He is content to ignore the beneficent arrangements of providence, which tend to make of one family all the nations of the earth by varying the produce under the temperate torrid and frigid zones, making it neces- sary for men to trade, or fight against providence by their own foolish designs. And in this respect Victoria is a sinner even as Mr CARR is. Victoria is the bar to intercolonial Free Trade. Victoria while glorying in a protectionist tariff one protectionist as to the colonies- is, says Mr CARR, anxious for intercolonial Free Trade. We place equal reliance upon the statements of Victorian states men and Mr CARR. There is no doubt about the desirability of such Free Trade, and there is none that even partial Free Trade is better than protection solely ; but how are we to expect only partial freetrade to be brought about when we see Mr CARR championing it, the TREASURER of South Australia rising to try and exclude New Zealand and Tas- mania from the bond of Federation, and the doubtless reliable assurances of the Victorian Ministry being received, that they are only too anxious to do all that lies in their power to terminate what but a year ago they were the strongest advo- cates of? WHATEVER may be said or thought re- specting former movements in favour of the Wallaroo and Clare Railway project, that the singularly inopportune one made last week in the House of Assembly was a mistake we think will be pretty generally admitted. Those gentlemen who took an active part in endeavoring to infuse a little life and animation into the somewhat inert and slothful condition affairs had relapsed, will remember the reasons that were supplied in the attempt made to cajole them into inac- tion. They were advised to wait. They were told that when the fullness of time had come a leader would appear, who, in some occult fashion, would, in the twinkling of an eye convert an undisci- plined force into a regular army, and would by a move of his magic wand cause the rough places to be made smooth and the crooked paths to become straight. They were assured that Providence was working for them-under the rose as it were-but still working. Then, when the great siege guns were pointed in the House of Assembly, when the train was laid, and when the magic general had placed himself at the head of his forces down would come the walls of Jericho with a run, and there would be a railway from Wallaroo to Clare. Magnificient prediction ! Beauteous dream! Alas, how sad it is that the difference between sober reality and beatific dreamland should be so great! The fated hour came ; the general took the command; the visionary paraphernalia of war made way for the weapons of actual combat; addresses stirring as a trumpet call were delivered ; " battle's magnificently stern array" was set forth in the House of Assembly ; and the heaven-born general with his brightly armed legions floundered in the mud for the short space of one hour, and then returned, baffled, dis- comfited, and truth to tell, beaten without having even tasted blood. In the commencement of the present session, long before the South-Eastern semi-circular line was on the tapis we advocated the formation of an organisa- tion for bringing about the adoption of the report of the Select Committee that three years ago strongly recommended the construction of the line we allude to. "We pointed out, at the beginning of this session, as we did also of last, that whatever risk there might be of failure if a struggle should be commenced, there was an absolute certainty that the con- struction of either this or other lines would be authorised, and that if other lines secured notice first, and first re- ceived assent, it would be worse than useless to bring forward a motion respect- ting the Wallaroo and Clare Railway only to see it rejected without even the beggarly formality of a discussion. Against this counsel of ours was heard a cry for procrastination. Now we see what the policy of masterly inactivity has brought forth. What we predicted has exactly occurred. Whilst precious moments were flying and there was no business before the House, the parable of the foolish virgins who slumbered and slept was enacted. Then, when the time for action had gone by, when to move in an important matter was to insure defeat from the very impossibility of success, what we suppose we must call a strategic move took place. What has happened is a repetition of a very old story. Use- less, death-bed repentance has taken place. After drifting along with the course of events till the rapids are neared, after spending the morning and mid-day of life in torpor and sluggardly extravagance, in the afternoon and even- ing a desperate effort is made to retrieve fallen fortunes and to reverse the inevit- able. In the matter of the Wallaroo and Clare Railway not only was the very worst time chosen to drag this neglected, full of arrears, piece of business before the unwilling House, but it was also done in the worst possible way. No one knows better than the Ancient Mariner that there was not the ghost of a chance of his motion being productive of any thing more than a barren and unprofit- able discussion. He introduced it in a speech in which there was neither quan- tity nor quality. From what he said no one could gather that he was even -half in earnest. He had not even taken the trouble to exert his usual button-holing, smoking-room tactics. Only five mem- bers followed him into the division lobby. And, under the circumstances, more could not have been expected: For why, we may ask, did Captain HART, known as a skilful tactician, introduce an important subject to the House after the Christmas holidays, after the time a prorogation has often taken place, and certainly within a few days of the time when we may expect this season to close ? Why at this singularly inopportune time was brought forward a question that the House has been years trying to make up its mind about ? Could so important a measure now be carried ? Captain HART knows it could not. Why he took action was to please his constituents ; to be able to tell them how he had endeavoured, in his place in. Parliament, to promote their interests. This was bad enough, but the attempt to log-roll the Wallaroo and Glare Rail- way project by tacking it to the tail of the Murray Bailway was even more objectionable. So doing allowed even that very small wit the Commissioner of Public Works to retort that if this thing were permitted no doubt other hon. mem- bers would haste to do likewise. Although the time for obtaining the assent off the Legislature to the construc- tion of the Wallaroo and Clare Railway has passed-passed for no one knows how long-the need for the line has; grown, is growing, and as far as it is pos- sible to foresee, will grow. Mining on the Peninsula has, notwithstanding the miserable price of copper, has received a very great impetus during the past few months. It is impossible to overrate the importance of the discoveries that have been made, south of the Wallaroo mines in the Kurilla sections, and below them. The great Wallaroo Mines were opened with nothing like so favorable intimations of success, under not a hundreth part such favorable auspices, as the discovery recently made on Captain HUGHES' purchased property. What has been found there is the wonder of men who have been accustomed to the finding of lodes and the premonitory symptoms of copper ore all their lives. And notwith- standing the ridiculously low price of copper-a price that there appears an absolute certainty will not long remain, as the Chilian imports are checked, and authoritative information tells of the shutting up of Chilian mines-it was but as yesterday the Paramatta declared a handsome dividend, and to-day the Moonta advertises to pay one. Moreover there are struggling mines on the Peninsula mines that have not reached the dividend paying stage, but, which might be sup- posed to be fighting hard for bare life that are paying expenses. The true, un- varnished, almost painful part of the story is that men, women and children, are suffering from the obstinate blindness, the fatuous incapacity, with which the Legislature, individually and collectively, chooses to trifle with this subject, and dance over its duty. We have before warned the miners that they are the par- ties interested most directly in this rail- way. A low price for copper means diminished wages for them. Fortunately, very fortunately, this low price does not here, as it does in South America, necessi- tate the closing of important mines, but it compels the strictest economy in working them. If the laboring classes here could live as they can elsewhere, 33 per cent cheaper than they do, then, the rigid economy mine owners are compelled to exercise would fall more lightly on their employees. Thus much regarding the miners. If the legislature had fulfilled its duty to the mining interest, the exports of copper from this colony would have rivalled in value the Victorian exports of gold, and South Australia would have been by far the most prosperous, thickly populated, and important of any of the colonies composing the great Australian group. We have been requested to direct attention to the sale this day, at Eadina, by Mr J. Lang, of the valuable household furniture and effects of Dr Chambers, who is leaving the district. By a notice in our business columns it will be seen that the want experienced in this district of a first-class accountant, &c.;, is proposed to be filled by Mr Julius Ey, who will reside at Kadina. By a reference to our business columns it will be seen that the Juno, the boat that at the Yorke's Peninsula Annual Regatta distanced her com- petitors in every race for which she started, is offered for sale. A tiger shark from eight to ten feet long was observed close to the landing place off Wallaroo Pier on Friday. Had he appeared on the pre- ceeding Saturday, when boys were swimming for prizes in the water on the same ground, he would have created some consternation. We hear that a shark fifteen feet long was seen by some bathers within a few yards of them. As we hear nothing further suspecting the squabble between our Adelaide correspondents to their circulation, we presume that the challenge made to have the matter decided by impartial and competent persons has fallen through. A "Civil Engineer" writes, to the Register pointing out that the estimate of the Engineer- in-Chief, for constructing the South-Eastern Rail way was £3850- per mile, rolling stock, stations and fencing, included ; and that the Government is proposing to give £5000 for merely construct- ing the line to it to a firm of contractors. The civil engineer asks why, as Mr Mais has constructed the Roseworthy and Foresters Line. within his estimates, the Government should throw away £1,250per mile on 170 miles, or £195,500 in so mad a fashion. The civil engineer might have added that the Engineer-in-Chief also constructed the loop-line from the Port within his estimates, and that Sir James Fergusson, who is not disposed unduly to flatter, has expressed himself as highly satisfied wish the workmanship on these lines as far as it has come under his notice. The "Civil Engineer " states that it is rumoured Northern Extension Line will be constructed by Mr Mais. considerably under his estimates. When looked at from this light it certainly does seem that the Government and the Legislature are proposing to fool away £200,000 of money, and commit -what the Civil Engineer calls, a " monstrous piece of" folly." The Border Watch tells of an amusing incident; that occurred in the Presbyterian Church on Sun- day last. At the conclusion of the sermon in the forenoon Mr Caldwell announced to the conger- gation that it was not his intention to accept the call given him to go to Melbourne. This announce- ment was received with such satisfaction that it elicited a more hearty demonstration than pulpit utterances generally do, the congregation giving way to their feelings by a good round of stamping on the floor. Mr Caldwell was evidently some what taken aback at the manifestation, losing the run of the hymn selected for closing the service, and had some little difficulty in finding it. Not only Mr Caldwell's congregation but the commu- nity generally will learn with satisfaction his de- termination to stay amongst us. IT will be noticed that in the division list upon Mr Bower's motion for dovetailing the Wallaroo and Clare Railway in the Kapunda and Blanche town scheme, the name of Mr Hill, the other member for the district does not appear. It is to be hoped that Mr Hill has some explanation to offer for what, without, becomes a piece of gross remissness. No one would expect the hon. member to make an eloquent speech on the sub- ject ; no one believes he is of other use in the House than assisting to represent the firm of Cobb & Co.-a firm which there is tangible evi- dence is not likely to suffer from its interests being overlooked in the general scramble going on; but for the sake of appearances, Mr Hill, unless incapacitated; by other than the causes beginning to be well understood by his con- stituents, might have gone through the empty form of voting in favour of a project that is of vital importance to the district he pretends to re- present. THE Town correspondent of the Kapunda Her- ald, to an extent, raises the curtain upon the con- struction of the report upon the mail tenders:- " A paragraph-interpolated into the report at the instance of Mr Crazier affirms that Cobb & Co must have seen the first set; of tenders before they re-tendered. These assertions might not weigh much in the scale of pure logic, but the public may give them a better reception, than they deserve on account of Bagot's own ineffable still- ness in cross-examination. Knowing that the suspicions which instigated the demand for en- quiry were directed personally against him, he offered himself for the Committee to experiment upon. He must have intended this mock candour to burke the motion; for on its being carried, he became a wholly different man in the Committee to what he had been in the Council. He first objected to being examined till all the other wit- nesses had been heard, then at his first appearance as a witness he coolly promised that he should only answer such questions as suited him. When they grew warm they did not suit him, and he began to think them ungentlemanly. This was the term he applied to them during a spar with the Chairman; and Mr Baker having refused to proceed without an apology, the Committee came to an incontinent finish. THESE are signs visible to the initiated on the Parliamentary horizon which portend that the present session, although it has been of rather a rowdy and stormy character will end in peace. The ministerial patent, really the last thing out in responsible Government, is being tried with success, on refractory members. The good boys who sit late and assist the Government in coach- ing business through the House are regaled, after business times, with oysters and bottled stout. For our part we cannot understand why the Ministry, knowing that they held this good card in their hands, did not play it sooner. In withholding it so long they have shown them- selves to be either idle or incapable nurses. Members of Parliament are, it would appear, on the whole good boys, who will not cry unless they. want something. But when they want their suppers, and are precluded from telling their wants, what can they do but cry ? Any prudent manager of children would say at once, in such a case, let them have their suppers by all means. It is nonsense to begin calculating the expense when the expenditure is unavoidable. Let the Treasurer take the head of the table-his proper place-and serve out the savory bivalves. Let him comfort himself with the reflection that his budget of unauthorised and excessive expendi- ture is not a very large one for the year, even if its total should be swelled by the addition of a line for incidental expenses. If a member be dis- posed to be disagreeable let the Treasurer put a big oyster, or for that matter a dishful down his throat and stop his unpleasantness. The beauty of this oyster supper arrangement is that not even the most captious or suspicions of members can pretend that the prospect of an oyster feed would be likely to have any effect on a doubtful division. Who could, who would suppose that a South Australian senator would sell his vote for a mess of oysters? But the Attorney-General and his sub the Treasurer, may be trusted to observe the Free Trade maxim of buying in the cheapest market. THE following from the Alta California, may be read with profit here.-" Chicago, with all its intense semiconsciousness, is not above following the example set it by San Francisco in local poli- ties. We see that an effort is also about to be wide there to get up an independent ticket for municipal office. We believe this is the only sys- tem upon which a republican government can be made to work with any degree of satisfaction in large communities. Local questions have no- where anything to do with state or nations politics-the only possible division can be the party of the taxpayers, and the party of the schemers and drones. We do not know but that even unhappy New York, bound hand and foot as , she is by the politicians, might by this process be regenerated and disenthralled. But no indepen- dent movement can anywhere be successful unless it has been conceived and conducted in a spirit of the most perfect devotion to the public inter- est. If it should allow itself to be used, diverted or influenced by those who take part in all popular agitations, merely for the purpose of promoting their own selfish ends, it assumes the character of the very evil which it was designed to extirpate. The people can never be deceived by old hacks I dressed up in independent regimentals." As we have previously intimated the Electoral Bill that has been in Committee before the House is a section of a measure that passed its second leading in the House before the recess. It ap- pears now that should the bill jointly and sepa- rately pass the Assembly, a question will be raised whether it is competent for Parliament to read a bill twice and then pass it through Committee in halves. There is nothing much more certain than that the Legislative Council will be only too happy to throw but any measure of which Mr Bagot has charge on a pretext of this description, whether tenable or not. Alluding to the harvest in the Mount Gam- bier district The Border Watch -writes" The crops are reported to be ripening fast, and reap- ing is now pretty general. There are a good many complaints of the scarcity of harvest hands, All the available local supply has been absorbed for some time, and those arriving from a distance are at once engaged. Those who arrived lately from Adelaide are spoken of as good hands, and it is hoped that by next trip of the Penola a large additional number will come over to help us. This will benefit us in more ways than one, the men who have arrived know something of farming, and they will not care to go back and waste their energies in growing from five to ten bushels to the acre if they can edge themselves into a district that will return them from 15 to 40 bushels. The price given for reaping the best crops is from 16s to 18s per acre. Twenty shil- lings is asked for the heaviest crops, but we have only heard of one instance when this has been given." AT the Yelta Mine the lode in the 35 end driv- ing north of Wright's shaft is about 4 feet wide, producing some goods blocks of yellow copper ore. The lode in the 35 end driving south is not quite as large but is a favourable looking lode, pro- ducing some good dressing work. The other points at this shaft are much the same in charac- ter as they have been for some time past. The lode in the bottom of the Tank shaft is looking more favourable than it has for the last 6 fins, in sinking. The end both north and south at the 13 fm: level is very encouraging. The stopes in the back of the 13 fm. level are still, yielding ore: in large quantities of high percentage. The South shaft as situated about 50 fathoms from the Tank shaft, and is now down about 5 fms. below sur- face. The lode is from 4 to 5 feet wide, composed of iron, schorl, and steatite mixed with spots of black ore, but not as yet in sufficient quantities to save. The lode in the bottom of Soott's shaft is about 2 feet wide, the orey part of which is about 1 foot wide of good yellow ore. The ground in the cross cut driving (at the 50 fm. level) from Wearing's lode to Hancock's is strongly minera- j lized, and there is no doubt when the latter lode is cut, good results will follow. The town correspondent of the Kapunda Herald gives the following:-Mr Bartley, with a spirit which does credit to his mature years, in- tends disputing the action of the Ministry, on the ground that it is utterly illegal. The Act, it ap- pears, only provides for the removal of a solicitor where negligence, untrustworthiness, or incompe- tency, can be urged against him; but Mr Strang- ways has effectually ruined his chance of taking refuge behind any of these grounds by transmit- ting with the notice of discharge a letter highly complimenting Mr Bartley on the way in which he had fulfilled the duties devolving upon him. THE following extract from a letter recently published in the Australasian throws some light upon the proposed remount depot in our Northern Territory. The writer says:-" Hearing that a remount depot for India is talked of, to be in the j northern territory of Adelaide, I give the follow- ing particulars as to want of success in horse- breeding in Carpentaria country, Queensland. For the last five years I have bred every year from about 25 far 30 mares. Of the foals born rather more than 10 per cent, disappear before they are 12 months old; of the remainder another 10 per cent, are so blemished in the eyes as to be nearly unsaleable; in fact, not more than half our young horses, when fit to break, can be con- sidered sound. Horses being given to play and galloping, particularly in mixed mobs, and the climate being hot, we suppose the young foals that disappear unaccountably burst themselves, as they are invariably very fat; or getting totally blind lose their mothers. Not being able to afford paddocks we only surmise this, but have good grounds for the supposition. So soon as rain sets in the common fly becomes such a nuisance that horses have their lives worried out, rubbing themselves raw against every post or bush. The fly attacks the* eye, working at the sores caused by the animal rubbing, and with young horses it is almost impossible to do anything. It is quite common for them to knock an eye out in their affliction. Opshahaia is also at this season prevalent; even with old horses which are at- tended to it is rarely got over without leaving its mark. They are often left with chronic weakness, the eyelid having a swollen look and eye water- ing In India I fancy they would not like it. Horse stock in wet seasons here are always on the move; unless well looked after they invariably make up-country, as if nature intended them to run in the interior. Most horses being bred farther south, a great many brought out here have been lost and cannot be traced, Many sta- tions have had to thank a neighbour, after the wet season, for the loan of a horse to go after theirs, often taking months to get the remnants of a large mob. No doubt all would happen in the northern territory, and paddocks will not keep out the fly. If the northern territory is like some of our timbered country, such as Nor- manport, with a rank grass, it will prove a purge- tory for man or horse. The country here used for pastoral purposes consists of extensive plains, with short rich grass, which might appear to bad judges dry and withered. The Adelaide folks are rather laughed at in their ideas of what a well grassed country is, many of them having lost money in Queensland by putting sheep on coast country with lots of green grass. Horses bred on rank coast grasses are very inferior in every way to those bred in the interior. Like cattle fattened near the coast, they cannot carry condi- tion, and want endurance." WILLIAMS' Miners' Hotel, was the scene of a great gathering of people on Saturday last, when several amusements came off with much spirit and success. There was a horse race for a saddle, which was won by Nugart; a trotting match for a silver watch, won by G Brown, and a race for a bridle, which was won by J. Bray. A variety of other sports afforded capital fun, and all present appeared to enjoy themselves heartily. THE Melbourne Mining Record in its monthly summary says:-" We can report but little, if any, amelioration in the depressed state of mining in- terests ; a slight improvement which set in shortly after the departure of the last mail having been succeeded by, if possible, greater dullness than existed before. Comparatively few stocks are re- ported as being dealt in, and the transactions which have taken place are generally on terms anything but satisfactory to vendors. Ballarat continues to be the chief seat of depression. The yields of many of its leadiag alluvial mines have been steadily decreasing, while the hopes which were entertained as to the favourable results of various prospecting operations have been doomed to disappointment. Owing to an adverse verdict recorded against the Working Miners Company, in an encroachment dispute with the Prince of Wales Company, by which the defendants were mulcted in a sum of no less than £8,000. the Bank has stepped in and sold off the claim of the unsuccessful litigants. The Great Gulf Company, another well- known alluvial claim, has voluntarily commenced winding-up, owing to its ground be- ing worked out. We regret that we cannot re- port that the depression existing at the great centre of mining industry is compensated for by increased activity in other districts. Sandhurst interests, indeed, succeed in maintaining their ground, but they are an exception to the general rule, and their comparatively satisfactory position is owing rather to the fact of a few new ventures having been initiated, and the consequent absence of any necessity for making numerous calls, rather than that to any valuable discoveries which have been made." WE (Mount Gambier Standard) believe there are indications of a magnificent yields of hops in Mr Thomas Williams's experimental hop-yard, at Yahl Paddock, this year. The tradition in the English hop districts is that when the " Sing hop " makes its appearance, it is a sure sign of abundance. This indication is very prevalent among Mr Williams's crop this year, and so very satisfactory results may be anticipated. CAPTAIN John Gray, writing from the Poona Mine, January 5, states that the 30 fathom level has been driven about 12 fathoms in a westerly direction from No 1 shaft, and during the last three fathoms yellow copper has been met with and though it is not of much value, the lode has very much improved since the ore was cut west of the cross lode. The lode is not yet defined, but from the indications, Captain Gray believes that when it gets settled it will be a good lode of ore. On the 5th instant, a kibble full of good stones of ore was the result of one blast. Opera- tions were being pushed on vigorously, and good results were confidently anticipated. SAYS the Advertiser:-" We understand that the railway revenue during the eleven months end- ing November 30th shows a very encouraging state of things. The revenue equals the expenditure within about £3,000, but the expenditure includes special items-£4,000 paid to Mr Rounsevell in consideration of his giving up his goods contract, the value of indents sent to England during the preceding months, and a considerable amount for relaying the permanent way. Taking these things into account, it may be said for the first time that the railway revenue more than meets the expen- diture. We hope this is the beginning of a new order of things in connection with our railways." THE Gawler Times says that after careful con- sideration of the tenders, "the Building Commit- tee considered that of Messrs Deland & Tardiff. the most favourable. They had determined to re- commend its being accepted without the ornament- tal plastering. The amount of the tender without that work was £3,434, which was lower than the others. The other tenders were-Anderson (Adelaide) £3,448 17s; Taylor & Forgie, £3,218 14s; Welden, £1,116." THE Advertiser says.-" The Government are in communication with the other Australian Gov- ernments with a view to ascertain whether the latter would object to the ocean mail steamers calling at Port Victor, or some other South Aus- tralian port, to deliver the English mails and thus save the colony the expense and trouble of send- ing to King George's Sound. We believe that answers have not yet been generally received, but the Queensland Government have intimated that they would have no objection at all to the ocean steamers calling as proposed. We believe, also, that the Victorian Government will offer no ob- jection ; but the replies have not yet been official- ly received." THE Greytnouth Weekly Argus of Nov 19 says:-" Since Colonel M'Donnel has again assum- ed the command of this Colonial Forces successes have invariably crowned his movements, and the enemy, driven into a corner, scarcely subsists somewhere about the Taupo conntry. Te Kooti unreported to be hemmed in on every side, his former allies having risen against him; wounded, dispirited, short of ammunition and food, there is little doubt of this arch-rebel's speedy death or capture. The Acts which were passed during the last session of the General Assembly have materi- ally strengthened the hands of the Government for the suppression of rebellion, and the summary punishment of those engaged in it. The measure of justice which has been meted out to those taken in open rebellion, appears to have struck terror into the hearts of those in the field, and to have assisted in inducing a better feeling to be establish- ed between the Maori King and his half-rebel- lious subjects in the Waikato and the Europeans than has been in existence for a long time past. The Natives are quick at catching the signs of the times, and when they became convinced, from the result of the recent trials for high treason at Wellington, that a season of severity had arrived and that the best policy was to be on friendly terms with their Pakehs rulers, they have declared for the stronger side, and made a show of anta- gonism to their brethren, with whom they, no doubt, sympathise. This accounts for recent proceedings at Waikato, where the King Natives, hitherto undecided and sullen, have eagerly adopted a quasi-treaty of peace with Mr M'Lean as representing the Government, and resolved to espouse our cause. The telegram states that the foremost among these was Rewi, the confident of the King, and at the same time the able assistant and counsellor of Xe Kooti, and that he, in hypocritical language, said that peace would now once more shine on the country." " A GOOD deal has been written at different times on the virtues and vices of sparrows." writes the Ballarat Courier. " and although we do not look on'Jack Sprug' as such an imam- culate friend of the gardener and farmer as some of our comtemporaries do, we feel it our duty to do him the justice of putting forward a theory in his favour, particularly as it is the first time we have heard it advanced, and as it has probability to book it. A friend writing from home says:-' I see many of your colonists are alarmed at the ravages the sparrow is making in your orchards, but I think the particulars I am about to subjoin will go a long way to remove those prejudices against my feathered friends. A few years ago we had a very dry spring and sum- mer in the south of England, and our fruit crop was comparatively small and stunted. Sparrows we had always in profusion but until this sea- son I never suffered from any depredations by them. On the occasion I speak of, however, I found my cherries, strawberries, and currants so seriously laid under contribution by these birds that I could not understand it at all. All the brooks were dried up, and a great scarcity of water prevailed. One evening I went to water some rose-bushes, and while doing so some of the sparrows actually tried to alight on the watering pot, as if famished with thirst, I procured a few old dishes, and placed water for them, which they greedily used, and at once left the fruit trees. I thought that the want of water might have in- duced Master Sparrow to imbue his beak in the luscious moisture of the fruit, and the next day I had a dozen dishes set about the garden filled with water. These were so well patronised that I ordered them to be filled every morning, and from that time till the end of the season I never saw my fruit damaged by these birds." In a hot and arid climate like ours it is not at all improbable that the want of water drives the birds to sub- stitute any kind of moisture for it to assuage their thirst, and we gladly place the opinion and ex- perience of an English friend before our read- ers." " A better harvest than that now being gathered in the Sandhurst district states our correspondent, " has not been garnered in Bendi- go for a long time. Wheat has opened with a market of 4s 3d, but it is anticipated that before the season is well advanced, rates up to 7s will rule. Some speculators have been rather bitter over the sudden changer in the flour and grain markets." RESPECTING the "situation" in Victoria the Argus remarks :-"The Opposition made use of, or rather abused, the forms of the House in order to prevent any progress being made or the lia- bilities of tbe State liquidated. In attempting to secure this object, the hungry aspirants for office, conspicuous amongst whom were Messrs Vaule and G. P. Smith, were guilty of conduct worthy only of themselves, and degrading to any legisla- tive body. They even went so far as to accuse the Chairman of Committees of obtaining his position by his own vote, and of acting in an unfair and corrupt manner. The Chairman ap- pealed to the Speaker for protection, but ulti- mately consented again to take the chair. The same conduct was then persisted in by the Op- position, and scenes enacted which would scarcely be tolerated in a bear-garden or a rat-pit. So the time was wasted until half-past four o clock, when, by consent of both sides, a count- out took place, and thus ended one of the most disgrace- ful episodes which have ever characterised the Victorian Legislature." THE Ararat Advertiser gives the following ex- traordinary relation .-" With the view of giving European doctors a notion of how Chinese medi- cine is practised, the following story which can be vouched for, is interesting. Some nine months ago, a farmer at Eversley, about sixteen miles north-east of Ararat, and who is named Mr Price, had a fit of apoplexy, from which he gradually recovered with the aid of European medicine, only to find his left, side completely palsied. All the European medical skill of the neighbourhood was exhausted in trying to bring back the power of the poor man's arm and leg. Improvement there was, but it stopped short of enabling him to walk without assistance, and his hand was as helpless as ever. Under these circumstances he heard that there was a Chinese doctor in the neighbour- hood whose skill had, in some cases, effected won- derful cures both among Chinese and European patients. This gentleman was accordingly sent for, and at once showed his experience by inform- ing his patient that he had lately treated two exactly similiar cases with complete success, and for the small sum of £10, £5 to be paid immedi- ately, and the other £5 in a week, he promised to set Price on his legs as well in three weeks from the commencement of treatment. Five pounds were paid down, and the treatment was begun at once. First, a large tub was procured, this was half filled with boiling water. The Chinese doc- tor now requested to be furnished with a black puppy dog. Now no black puppy dog was there on the farm, but a kind-hearted neighbour who happened to possess such an animal, on hearing the urgency of the case, provided the required sacrifice. The priest of Esculapias now proceeded to cut the throat of the black puppy dog over the tub of hot water, into which he stirred the blood. The carcass of the dog was then put into the tub and all the hair scalded off, so that when he was taken out of the tub he was more like a child with its throat cut than a black puppy. The body of the dog was now thrown aside, vinegar and some sort of Chinese medicine was put into the mix- ture of blood, black hairs, and warm water. The patient, who had been a witness of all these pro- ceedings, was now lifted into the tub and bathed. The patient when asked how he felt, expressed himself better, and said he felt something going in at his toes and passing up to his head-.After being in the bath some time he was taken out and put to bed. His head ached a good deal after the bath, till the doctor annotated him with some Chinese medicine. This sent the pain from his head into his feet where it still remains. All this happened about four weeks ago, and the second five pounds worth of treatment has yet to be com- menced, which will perhaps account for the feet that the patient is exactly in the same condition as he was before he adopted the Chinese treat- ment." A CORRESPONDENT of the Otago Witness writes as follows, from which it will be seen that there are enterprising and foolish people in that colony as well as elsewhere :-" The holders of claims have now to rely upon their own resources for their development, the influx: of foreign capital having entirely ceased. A great iujury has been done to the field through the foolishness of capi- talists buying into untried claims they knew little or nothing about at ridiculously high prices, thereby putting large sums of money into the pockets of promoters, who took care not to ex- pend their gains in the development of the field. In many cases purchasers of shares have been guided in their investments by agents having an interest in puffing certain claims, as well as a pecuniary interest in the sales. The losses al- ready incurred by investors are operating very prejudicially. They have stopped the investment of capital at a time when it is most required. The cause of the present depression does not lie with the resources of the minis, but in the improper mode of working and management hitherto adopted, together with the countless scrip issued. The time is not now far distant when many of the present companies will be wound up. When that time arrives there will be a chance of a bet- ter system being initiated, which may result in dividends being the rule, and not as now the ex- ception. The greatest sufferers by the scrip mania have certainly been the Auckland people. They caught the fever at its worst stage ; and the savings of years have in too many cases been dissipated in a few weeks-the extensive merchant dowu to the humble washerwoman having alike fallen-victims to the ravages of the disease. I regret to have to say that a large number of men are at the present time out of employment. This is partly the result of the leasing system, as it has enabled many companies to dismiss all their men, pending the granting of their leases. Many look forward with hope to the opening of the Upper Thames, which is expected to take place shortly, but there is no guarantee that it will result in the opening of a field superior to those now worked. But, irrespective of the payable character of the Upper Thames district, there will be quite an exodus of the working miners from here, as miners invariably prefer working their own claims, if at all likely to be payable, to working for wages for others. It is to be hoped that leasing will not be permitted at the Upper Thames until the miners have had a fair trial granted them under their miners rights. The leasing regulations have been greatly abused at the Thames and Coromandel in the interest of the specula- tor." Commenting on Prince Alfred's lucky "Long Drive " investments, the Pali Mall Gazette says -" Mr Childers may well consider whether it would not be worth -while to attach a Govern- ment broker to the Galatea's company, whose business would be to lose no opportunity of turn- ing an honest penny with a view to the reduction of the navy Estimates. If the experiment suc- ceeded, other vessels might be also employed on stock-jobbing missions. Any plan which tends to make the navy self-supporting would add, possi- ble, to Mr Childers' popularity; and we can con- ; ceive nothing more striking than the appearance of a speculative fleet in different parts of the globe,-the ships having their yards manned or their flags half-mast high, according to the latest news received from the Stock Exchange." The folly of appointing Stipendary Magistrates to administer the law who have had no legal train- ing, who know little or nothing of the law, is il- lustrated by the following extract from the Clare Argus of the 8th inst:-" In the case of Ford v. Swinden on Tuesday last, the plaintiff*s attorney applied for an adjournment, as a very important witness was absent-whether unavoidable or not was not ascertained. The counsel for the defence, however, objected on the ground that the case had been three times previously before the Court, and as it was one for damages for tresspass which the defendant did not deny-his Worship had only power to strike out the case altogether or give a decision-which latter was impossible, no evidence having been brought forward. His Worship was apparently placed in a dilemma, and he prudently asked for some point of law by which he would be enabled to strike out the case; but, as this was not forthcoming, he ven- tured on an adjournment, and gave instructions to the Clerk of the Court accordingly. The coun- sel for the defence, however, was not to be so easily defeated in his purpose, and in an elaborate speech informed his Worship that he was exceed- ing the limits of his power by giviug such a de- cision ; and the Magistrate, fearing he was doing wrong, revoked his decision until the legal gen- tlemen had further argued the matter. As the lawyers themselves seemed perplexed, on account of not being able to produce any authority for their arguments, the discussion was becoming in- teresting, until Mr Palmer, who was not connect- ed with the case, informed his Worship that there was a flaw in the Local Court Act. The latter gentleman took the hint and adjourned the case, plaintiff to pay expenses." We apine from the following that order does not reign at Clare. The Northern Argus states: -"Only on last Monday, a few young ladies from Auburn went to have a quiet picnic on the banks of our rural and picturesque river Hutt, on the south boundary of Clare, when they were assailed by a party of unclothed Arabs fresh irom the stream with stones, which cut one of them very severely under the eye, which had to be superintended by Mr Greenwood. Housetops and windows do not escape from the wilful prac- tices of these juvenile disturbers of Ihe public peace. A number of them will congregate to- gether, and amuse themselves by throwing stones on the roofs of dwellings; those which are galvanis- ed especially appear to attract their notice, and however pleasant and amusing the noise of their stones rattling upon these roofs may be to them, it certainly is anything but a cause of delight to the occupants ; their windows are much endan- gered, their pipings often stored up with sticks and stones and water-barrels and tanks made the . too-often repositories of their sports. But their recreations are not confined, unfortunately, to the day time, numbers of them scouring the streets. some hours after dark, and making night hideous with their shouts and cries." 