THE GHOST IN No. 16 CABIN. What, have your let No. 10 Cabin again 7" "Yes; to an army chaplain.'! " Well, he ought not to be afraid of a ghost." The'ab"ve lilile conversation took place in a shipping office is Leadenhall-street,. be tween the agent and thi captain at a Black wall Indiaman. No. 16 cabin on board the Buckinghamshire had the reputation of bhing haunted. No occupant of No. 16ever com pleted the voyagein it. .About a fortnight after leaving Gravesend or thereabouts, in latitude 800 N. longitude 20 WI., the. inmate of No.,16 cabin would unariably be looking out for a few minutes' private conversation with the captain, who generally knew what was coming. -1 say the inmate, put- the in mates, bhcause the cabin, being only half the usual eize, formed a convenient berth for a passenger travelling by himself. It was also situated on the main deck, and was kept for gentleruenonly. Generally No. 10 would commence hi. story with a sheepish sort ot apology, "I know you will think wnot I am going to san very aibsurdicaptain ;" or " I ca atraid I saboll applear very rediculou-r, but ihere seally is something odd about tile berth of mine." The captain, in a good-humoured way, would laugh ithe thing off,' aid No. 16, thinking hitmselt rather an idiot, and wonder ing*'hat biad c. me to him, would,per severe for a day. or' two -more.- Then lie would come again and say that at first he tholighthe might have been miistaken, but now he was quite sure-end he would ask the captain to find' him another berth. "But my- dear tellow," the captain, would ask, "what is the matter with the place . is there anything very terrible?" :"No, nothing very tirrible,.but a great deal very :uncom fortable., nd very unaccountable.'" "Have you ieen anything?" "No." Have you beard anything 1" --"I rather-think I.have." " Why,?what ' " Oh I noises." "Noises I" "Yes, noi.ea. I have heard sighiiig.-deep, long-drawn sighs; and sobbing,, at the very head of my bunk, just where the pillow is." "It may'be tle'windor the waves, or the rudder, or the creaking of the timbers. People are always lanenlog they hear things at sea. I knew- an old- ladyl " Well captain, never mind the old lady. I positively decline to sleep in- that berth any more." " \'ell, it you won't, you won't, and there's an end of it. 1 suppose , I imust do ,whatI can tifind ydou another; but it's very inconvenient."- Another berth would he found but at the'same time' the vacated- one was not filled up.- Why should -it be it would only have been the same - tale over again. : Tbetchaplain took up his quarters in. the above cabtin. For the first fortnight he was much aefliced with sea sickness, as ohaplain', ] believe, generally are. But alter that he picked up and grew very hearty. He was a cheerful, companionable kind of man, neither young nor old, with a strcng undercurrent ol seriousaess aid good pric?ciples ;.- no who could elher speak or bold his tongue as the ease required.' le hadbad -d hie sweet and bitter experieaees of life, and knew alto. gether more than a casual observer might be elisposed to imagine. Conmmon-place eniough, not striking or flasiy ; but - neverthteless the poor acknowledged hint as a friend. As the ship got into or about the spot mentioned, the c:ptain at breakfast titme began to regard the claplala with an air ot curiosity, tOne of tthe first s~mptoms 'of- anything going wrong in No 16 cabin was usually are icn difference to that cteaL' But Bruce; that was the chaiplain's name, continued-' to take his meal alter he had' aoce begun; in a cem. ortlule azid regular btlle,ihku a man -bha bad a rteasnahbleL enjcsycmet of the_'gouod thintgs of this life. - his went on hcr another week, till at leat Bruce seemed to look a little graver thau usuaL lie did nat appear the least scared or oplpressed; in fect, there .aas tr'ailr'oc temptred eutislaction about hintl w lirb puzzled the coemavder ci the r thi,. WVell, he thought to himself, itillr there is mo gtuat:all, or Bruce has made its acquaint ibic(ir; nit'i"i t ll L 'd ghost, I will ak ilm, aiout it. S," eamsnlike, he wentstraight to a tdie.ioliht;- ' ' ' , " Mr Bruce, have you heard anything in your cabin? anything unusual I mean. " Yes, I have." " So you have heard some thing V" "Yes; but notlhin will ever he heard in No 10 cabin again. ",Slh'uld you like too hange your bertir' " "No. on the contrary, I am heartily glad that I took that particular berth?' This was at dinner; all the cuddy passengers pricked up' their ears, and looked trom the captain to the chaplain, and back again to the captain.. So you have found. the. 'mystery out," taid the captain, "and the cabin was not haunted at all."' "It was hbu'nid, but itis 'not haunted now." " <Odo tell us all abhut it," said a lively Irishwoman, whn'alwh"s sat ntxt the captain. ""Do now, Padre, dear." " Well, I will thitnk about it," said' the radre; "at piesent I do not see why I should not." 'Thatevening, when the caddy lights were out, and some of the passengers sat on deck, unwilling'tb exchange the cool breeze for the closeness of their cabine, the chaplain - said, "I will tell you about tle ghost." "Is it a gentleman ghost, or a lady ghost?" tittered somebody. :" Ol a lady ghost; but there is nothing to laugh aq." ' :" Four nights ago,jostas I hadturned in, I heard a deep sigh close to my:pillow,, and I seemed' to listinguish. the word.'unhappy,' uttered in a tone of deep distress. .I reasoned myself in o the belief that the sounds might proceed from some one in a berth above me, or that they were only some of those frequent noises which are so inexplicable to landsmen at sea. So I went to sleep. The next night I kept a bright look out with my ears, if I may be allowed the phrase. I heard first thb sighing, then the sobs-then .most unmis takably the words-' Unhappy that. I am; nill you not listen to me ? .Willyou, too, fly from a.poor unhappy girl, and leave her bound in misery to roam over the world wherever thisshipspreadsits sails tothe wind? Are you afraid? I am too wietched to harm you, if I wished; and too gentle to wish it. I know your name. It is Bruce, You were curate of that little Berkshire village where my father and mother.now live, and you have often heard my sad story from the neigh bours there; but you. have not heard the truth.'. This was rather a long address for a ghost to make. But I did not interrupt the sounds of her inexpressibly beautiful though mournful yoice, which was a mixture of the murmurs of a shell and the soft breathings of an jEolian harp. When she ceased, ' lo, I am not afraid,' I said, ' and if I can be of any service to you I shall be truly pleased.' Rather a common-place .style of talking to a ghost,.but I did not feel frightened, and, strange to say, the whole thing seemed natural to me-as natural as if I had been talking to any person in one of my clerical visits. '"A pale luminous mist began to fill the cabin, and a woman slowly shaped herself out of it. She was sitting on a low chair, with her head between her hands and her elbows resting on her knees. Her long rich hair tell over her shoulders, and forward in front of her hands, aund made her face a darkness from me.' She said, in low murmuring tones, which camei half stifled thiough her fingers and hair, 'Now the hour is come when.all my weary sufferings are nearly ended, I have made, as yon see me now, many voyages in this ship. Every voyage 1 have endeavoured to find some one to listen to me; but all alas, shrank from the poor un happy spirit except yourself. Ten years ago I lelt my home, and was secretly married to an officer in the army. His regiment was or dered to India. He promised that if I would accompany him he would there announce our marriage to his friends and mine. He took his cabin ostensibly for his boggage; but be brought me into it unnoticed the day the ship Eailed'from Gravesend, when there was all the stir and commotion ol many coming on board to bid farewell to' those whom they might never see again.' The key was always carefully turned upon me, How shall I-go on with my dreadful history ? Here he pro mised' me-me who had trusted and loved him alone-who had forsaken all for him. But this is my grief-this is why I have haunted continually the scene of my miseries. My parents do not know that lever was mar Iried. They think of me as a poor misguided girl,-as one who gave up friends and home, uid virtue,, without a pang. Above all th'bir grief for my departure is their grief for what they conceive to have beeamy sin. Little do they know their poor daughter's heart and all it,cost her to leave them I -Little do they know the claims of deception. which were wound around her, and oh l. a-woman's love helped to bind more firmly. We were mar ried in the little Berkshire village of. 11 oi the banks of the Thaimes, and my hus band's name was Captain E., of the - Regiment. He is now Major E., and is in Calcutta. Promise me that you will procure the certificate of my marriage from the clergyman ol R.. Promise me that you will make known to my parents the circumstances ol my marriage.. Say to them that I died in my passage to India, but not how' died. I shall, from this time forward, be happy. Do not ask me how or where, but I shall be happy.. Then she raised' her head from' her hands and turned upon me " the starliko sor rows of imin'orial eyes',"in wlich the light of happiness was'alreadybieginning to beam. The same luminous mist again filled the cabin, and she seemed to float out of it upwards with a smile of joy. " This is my stdory and the cabin is haunted no longer." : . ... Note by Mr Bruce. " When I arrived in India I fulfilled my task, writing home to the little quiet villitage where I had. been curate the above particulars to the poor girl's parents, They immediately searched the registers of I. church, and found the entry of their daughter's marriage 'to Captain B. In India, I saw Major E. I asked him about the ship Buckinghamnshire, and cabin No 16. lie turned pale and left me abruptly. By these corrohoristisg 'cir cunmstances, I knoiv' the ghost'spuke 'the truth=" ... .. ... iGoslord, November, 1869, In. describing a new organ, a obunary editor saysV, " The swell died away in delicious sufloca tion, like on ainaging a sweut song.uader the bed clobth"s." ' !Enraged parent: " Did yoa _throw the oalf brick ar randosm i" Weeping boy: "No; I threw itiat.Johany Wil.i,.ms. ." And uid you vtrike hliin ou purlposel" " No; . astruck him on the nose." !A gentleman healiig a lady praise Ith eyes ofa ceitato miuniser, wrole the foslowing : ;. "I cannot praio thu doctol'a eyes,. \- • t aever saw hie glance diine;. . S'or when a y herys ehat his eySs,. ; " An l wheo hepruches hba shiutsI iue." SLoneD rlos.-It will be a great rliet when the Byron controversy comes to an end. Meantime we mustchronicle ite progress. The latest phase consists in the assailed becoming the assailant'. As might have been erxpected the Quarterly and the Acadcmy--liling as they do from Albemorle street-have taken up the cudgels for Lord Byron. The Quarterly in a cleverarticle, shows that at the ver tilme Lady Byron was accusing her husband of his offence with Mrs Leigh, she was writing most affectionate letters to that lady. The reviewer, therefore, argues thpt, whatver Lady Byron said to her legal advisers, she could have had no ground for it, and that her conduct can only be accouiited for on the ht; pothesis olfin sanity orsononiniania. "There is' no other hypothesis but insanity on which the moralist can charitably account idr iherionduct,"' The letters are cerainly very remdrkable. A specimnen is enouighi-January 23:--"[My dearest Augusta, you have been ever since I know you my best comforter, and Will so re main, unless you grow tired of the office." February 14, a month alter' Lady Byron had left London:-" Do not despair absolutely, dearest; and leave me but enough of your interest to afford you any consolation, by partaking of that sorrow which I amomost unhappy to cause thus unintentionslly." The AIcadeny contnins the following ,dopumenst, dated August 9, 1817 :- It has been in timated to wme, that the persons ut,deretood to be the legal advisers of Lady Byron, have de clared 'their lips to be staled up' oc the cause I of the sel.aration between her and myself. II their lips are sealed up, they are not sealed up by me, and the greatest favour. tey can con fer upon me will be t, open them. From the first hour in which I was apjprized of the in tentions of the Noel fasmily to the last colu smunication between Lady Byron and my sell in the character of wife and hasband (a period of some months) I. called repeatedly and in vein for a statement of their or .her charges, and it was chiefly in consequence of Lady Byron's claiming (in a letter still exist I log) a promise on my part to consent' to a separation if such was really her wish, that I consented at all; this claim and the exasper ating and inexplicable manner in which their object was pursued, which rendered it next to an impos:ibility that two persons so divideI could ever be re-united, induced me reluct antly then, and repentantly still,'to sign the deed, which I shall be happy-most happy to cancel, and go before any tribunal whiels smay discuss the bnsiness in the most public manner. Mr Hobhouse made this proposition on sy part, viz,, to abrogate all prior inten tions-and go into court-tihe very day before the separation was signed, and it was declined f by the other party, as also the publicatuion of the correspondence during the previous dis cussion. Those propositions I beg here to re. peat, and to call upon her and hers to say tltetr worst, pledging myself to meet. their allegations--whatever they may be-and Sonly too happy to be informed at last of their real nature. (Signed) BraoN." Also this letter, explanatory of the destruction of -By ron's autobiography :--'s Ters are- a few points connected with thedestruction'ot Byron's autobiography upon which an great deal of misconception exists, and upon which I should I thereoure be glad to say a lew..words. 1. To Stlose who doubt thie entire destruction of tile MS., I may state that I, was aeneye-witness to tthe burnisg. of it and of the only copy existing r of it in the drawing.room of 50, Albermable street. 2. el'l proposal to destroy it' origi I noted, I believe, with my f.ather, the late Mr John Murray ; and his reason for making it (a hlie has stated in a letter to Mr R. \\\'. lHorton, printed in No 185 of. the Quarterly Reviewr), was his 'regard for Lord ll) ron's memory, and respect for his surviving family,' . . 'since it was surmised.that tie publi. cation might be injurious to the .former and painful to tie latter.' The friends of Lord andi Lady Byron 'united in wishing for its de. Struction.' The following persons were pre. viously consulted, as a matter, of court.sy, and were present at the burning:-Mr - Hlob house, as executor and friend of Lord-Byron; Colonel Doyle, as a friend of , Lady; Byrons ' (who had actually offered £2,000 tor the ,MS, ?whicih she did not pay s; Mr..Wilmot HIorton, as Iriend of the Hion Mrs Leigh lii my father, and Mr Moluoru,who alone for some time op posed the destruction. 3. Toee '1IS was, at '" the time of its destruction the absolute pro iperty of my fatlier, having been purcsaeod by him in November, 1821, Irou"iMr, Moore (to whom Lord Byron hal given it) for. £2,000, in consideration of wl.ich sum ,onloore coven anted to.edit the papers, and to supply an ac count of the subsequentevents ofLord Byron's life. On May 0,1822, 182, however, a second deed was executed, at ' Mr MoorE~ 'd request, giving .to him, the power of redeutuing tile MS. ' during the life of the soaid ;Lord Byron,' 0 on the repatment by eitiler of ' the-.e ufl the £2,000. This condition Moore did not lulfil? consequently his interest in the manuscript entirely ceased on B) ro's death ; by which event the value oft the 1S. was greatly en banteJ, probably doubled. 'This, fact, no ldoubht,rendered Mr Moore more tisan asnxious to recover the autobiography, iand be had secured the- advance of £2,000 on loaun Iroi friends-in the city to enable him ?b. do this. 9 The MS', hbuwever, by general consent, was destroyed, Mr. Moore, thougl - reluctantly, oncurring. . Moore then 'paid to Mr Murray the £2,000, for which payment Byron's friends offered to reisbuorse him * Isut he refused. So matters rested until 1828, when the appearance -of Leigh Hiunt's 't Byron and his Cont..mlporariei '? convinced my lfather that an authentic life of By:on, , was demanded, fur which onily Mlore and h he wIre possessed of tile necossary :materials. He therefore arranged with Moore to pre 3pare the 'Life, Letters, and Journals of Lord Byron,' published in 1830. For tIeis Mloore received the sumi of £1,000. But (and this is thie point wisich, in justice to my lftihert's memory, 1as anxious to state)over andauovet d esum so paid, Mir Mlurray dis cylserged loure's hlond withi his creditors, d upon which hie had raised the. £2,000 paid by l.mu imsmediately alter Byron's deeth, tu I gethrer with the insterest thereon and other Scharge., amounoting to £1,020. inrore; Thus Smaking a total eusn ot £4,620. -(Signed). .Jon n. .. .. . " 