Pnreuts aud Public Schools# The following correspondence .'spooling: BotnW Catholic parents being prohibited ^ children to Public Schools was moved ftr i in fcpttB ber last, by Mr Farnell.and tbe doouments have been PriD TheActing Secretary. Council of Education, to 'connotl of Eduoation Office. Syduey, 17tb Ootober, 1870. Sir,- In accordance with tho request oontaiued ^ your letter of the 24th September last, 1 1 ba « ho-ior, by dirootion of the Counci of Eduwi on, forward herewith oopios of till docume'^( bojofj possession of the Council relating to ps pa[)|io prohibited fiom sending their children to th Boh00!8, t l I bave, &o.;, , B, E. Websteb, Acting Seorotaryi Extract from letter of the Teochcr of 'KgSj'8 School at Brookfkld, dated IjjJ' ^ui|dren at In the cose of a Mrs Johnson, - they refused the Glonwilliam Pub,ic. 1bollool'hI„_£ ! he r infant, till to give her jchui cb 't08; 01'/j;ipt ha „0„ld remote sho would givo them a pledge tba' ,, , |icHcho[-!, hersmoll children from the Glenwi Bcarly four and send them to a distanos ol f tl i.°° ° c/Toffa miles (little children wanting jjrfl John. Romish Denominational Schoool, ai ii i poi » i (ll0 son felt so aoutely in the caso that she wep -' presence of somo of tho people there assembled P B.O.-Iuspector to obtain evidence.sto^ Btatement respecting to tho ouso of Mrs R, 15. W., 20-7-70, Memorandum to the Acliag Aoting Secretary's B.C., ^ datsd 2W II ' . I beg to forward herswilli » l0tler *52 ''..8 ; '|hJ!*0M?!!LoMtaaniy autrict tho effaot of the ? 2: . nf Maitland's imperative ohaigos aro equally 5 PI»h°P ol previously- reported this in a i l l'»rlum upon tho Roman Catholic clergyman s pjeinorflD p.attB&urcf; Public school. I 'i'11!' £e vicinity of Wallsend there aro just a few ?' I. who yet ihit to exercise their own opinion ; ;j P«'8?' . amorous instancos, even though thoy havo H «°d U A 10 tho pressure brought, to boar upon them, || 'ab[°' '„u have informed tho -eaohers from whom f ''Con havo been taken, that thoy are very I' ''ito be nnder tho nooessity, but that thoy I^UBt- ndupagainstthePriest.^^^ | inspector of Schools, NowSastle District. I , n Bobrrts to the Inspector of Schools, i Br. »? Newoas'U District. 1 Pabllo School, Glenwilliam, § 1st August 1870. I o:r_ln snswor to your note of the 25th July, I 3 ',l * hnnnor to inform you as follows — Tur.. Jobn.en-s children attended my sohoolnp ? , .),« 24th Juno. As none came during the first II I J tho present quarter I made inquiries lis to I r la of non attendance, aud was in.ormed by j lie eldest girl that they were kept at home to cut ? ^ oTreo'?P'«fy°,jr noto 1 purposed visiting Mr i . on Saturday, and was on the point of i Swlien Mis. Johnson called at tho schoo to pay 1 ' /aMount. 1 asked her it it were true that sho : J 5f ,k0D the children away from my school again, di'ntthecn to thoRoman Catholic Donominationa 8 ! 1 .4 clarence Town. She said that thoy had : Tin lent to that school yet. but that she should ? J ,p(„ acad thorn, as the Bishop said she must. : Si. on »»'-»' 00C,L5iTS t0Jd, tbB| Blhh°S 1 not romove them, but that her husband ; 1 1' «t a mooting in Brookfiold, tbo Bishop had : ''jfhim promiso to send them to Mr Hickey. I fh d isked Mrs JobnBoniftbe Bishop had threatened « m with deprivation of Church rites bho rophod i lit,. h«a. ond for no otber cause would she have m»o4 tbo children from this school. Also, that she :: grained to send one daoghter, Elizabeth, to her ; S Alrs. Seymour's) to live, so that she could attend my school as before, q tptjg Stance from Mrs, Johnsons to tbe R. C, ' Denominational School, Olarenco Town, is about tbreo tpi,ei.— I 'aro. &c.;, ? A. B. Bobebis. ; The Aoting Secretary. Council of Education, to the Bishop of Maitland. Council of Education Office, Sydney, 2nd September, 1870. i Mv Lord Bishop,— I have the honour, by direction f.'i rf A. Council of Education, to acquaint v our lotdibip tint it has come to tho Councils knowledge r hit at Newcastle and other places iu vonr lordships 1 i Jiocue Soman Catholic parents have been .constrained i tedtrpaio of being deprived of the rites of the Church '? to withdiaw their children from Public sohools, in f;; dircOt opposition to their CKprossod wish to continue i'- thtn a' snch sohools. ... , S, The Oonncil would be glad to learn whether your fe lotlihip has directed thecourse which has been tiken | ! in tbe withdrawal of these pupils from the Public i- ' schools. i I have, fiic-i j E. E. Websteb. Acting Secretary. I The Bishop of Maitland to tho Council of Education. I Wost Maitland, 8th September, 1870. Gentleman.— I beg to acknowledge the leceipt of S your letter of the 2od instant, in which you inform i oe that it has come to tho knowledge of the Council § of Educsiion tbat Catholic parents of Newcastle and K oilier places in this diocese have been constrained, K- under pain of being deprived of the rites of tho E: Church, to withdraw thoir children from Public K 'i ichoola, in direct opposition to their wish, and yon B elk me to acquaint yoa if I have directed auch a W ; courae to be taken. . In reply, allow me to say tbat Newcastle is not in i my jurisdiction ; any communication you may have tooakeinreferenoetothat placeshould be addressed C to ibe Venerable Archbishop of Sydney. ; With regard to other places whicn you do not name, \- : and which you suppose aro in this diocese, I have tj I express my regret that tho terms of your !et:er render ? it impossible for me to give you an answer, — as a * reply from me to a question affecting the relations I; that exiat between me and the Catholics of tho \ diocese, ovor which the Holy Ghost has placed me, ' would joera to admit tbat tfio Council bad a right to if put to me such an extraordinary question. It is scarcely necessary for me to say that, apart from the r ! offence which such a question implies, I, as a Catholic ' 1 Disbop, cannot recognise Buch an assumption of ;; authority by the Council of Education. I [: Ai, boworer, the Council of Education may simply I fy'. seek foe information on the views held by me with r' regard to the Publio Schools, and on the obligations I' c( Catholic parents to withdraw their children from j those sohools, whore books must be read by them ? which nerscompiled for theavowedpurposeof under- I mining their laitb, I shall iu that case be most happy tocomply with your request! and any commnnica : tion having dno regard to the rights nnd duties of my position as a Catholic Bishop, and not misrepre f seating theaetion which I and my clergy may leel bourn) to tako, in order to protect the religious interests of our Catholic people, and to save tho faith of their children from the dangers of mixed schools, — shall commatid my best attention and most earnest \- consideration. Allow me to add, tbat your letter renders evident j ? great want in the Council which you must fu--l, and to which public atttention has been frequently directed, nannly, the absence of a Roman Catholic, who would take part in your deliberations, and whose counsel would no doubt be of the greatest benefit to i you in your correspondence with tho beads of bis | Church on educational Bubjects I bavo, &c;, J t Jambs Mobbay, Bishop of Maitlnnd. Tnt MoDEUN PiiEAHen. - — The following livoly sketch is from the 'Peak Downs Telogiam Aro you full handed of shearers, Sit ?' is a question tbat , 8'Mts many a super, managing partner, or overseer, i on Ills return from the run during theBe busy months ; oftbii squatters' harvest in Queensland. The speaker ''' ho lennd, as a rule, superior to the usual run of general station hands. He is mostly quiet and unas j. Sliming in appearance — indeed, bis tlashnoss, if ho : hssany.isreseived for tho shearing floor — and dresses ! better than ^most otber laborers iu the country. His i'l travelling rig-out— for no man travels ns much os the |;.l prcfcsied shearer — will generally be of tho best, oon B| sisting of a good horso— often two or three— with a i wonderful array of saddlery and camping goar, and if ; he does not keep a pack horse, you may note a swag a wonderful dimensions in front of him, enclosing within tho folds of a gaudy red blanket most of our : shelters worldly possessions, including a well worn ;; turkey stone, and Boinetiinos. but not often, a favorite ; I'airot eliearB, not quite used up, with which be cutso many sheep nt Sn-snd-So's on the Comet, A more ! 'ff1 j ''dividual than he used to be in the old f outside days Is the modern Bbearor. Thore is uothiuc jn«-n about him, and he is generally manly enough, ih ' S.omo no'onB for ' nie and my mate.' That toe dignity ol the shearing profession may bo kent '* ^ Severally refuse ?? the cove's ' request to .. jgn the ngreement unlosj the others waiting in tho 'e'Ms hut do so also; but the barney as to price. : «o.,: being over, the subject of our Bhetch, being spokesuian, will exclaim to tho mob—' Well, boys, : r,i ' „ 8sy7 snd away thuy sign, following each sheer n,nT tl10 sbe0P thoy are about to : th« ». °?rflloaror- t00- is *ory difficult to please in h way of shears — thoy're either too stronger thoy ft'' PU880,B a tendency to lap, On the shear, social i„VUrmtn 58 in'»8 element. He U wry has flnl,. I 00 '. anti ')i!twoen tlie pons, when he sbtow^ pon K' di90uas°8 often, with much ^ Chan,™ 'f°'r °.'ery toPio of ,he day- including tbo On cuminf °r',ea of cnployers — past and preseut datt f^r?t i!nB t1,1nP0D' our man wi' mako an eagar h'm uat m i.mn'- .i 8 '' c e p ' On being told that snswerthai ' 'i shear bettor, be will i i »ove Aw i'sth-; W001 after tho shears.' : n Hs Jll , 8,10ttre,, yflt that didn't Bay i domineering v/ft.0® ''1' ' Ur in tho ! contempt for n.T - v 'bowing tho croatest . 'P'*0' UP and tar boy, and in fact 1 «h«»flDB or tL 1 -r°8ara f0r th0 8he°P ho'8 always ciumWi-o e, . 3 such a job; our shearer nous, and the h..i r C00-k,' h,s a: Potito !s °»or '' It tliora'a A,, m midday dinner, especiallv 1 i TO?t, he Sv(°y8 °? » alarming. For ii'own class- tl i' hosjntablo to travellers of : a bucket of tila B ?rf! „lmt 18 always open, aud ' also Bubaerihtf f . rea,l.y, for tho thirsty ; he will : J»hen fl„,h i' his, B1,ck mato- » generous i i »macu rJ''l,,,n^CTi0M a^°?ror '(tear op an b ; £3 to £4 a,'week nW8]l0UP WC°,f' and uarn from 1 four to five mnn(hD i throughout fi season of from : 'ing. Manv or tl„ri°'i ,10 Vmo BPont in ,rttVo1' knock orerv fm-tK !n ,: *J.ard' am' tho season over of the hundred an? ° i obo1ue8 down at ono : ; goodwill' i, bLuS.T0 whoso ' ,rado and o is BpQctally lambmg-down our Bhoaroro, Population of New South Wales.— Estimated population of tho Colony of Now South Wales, on tho 30th Juno 187U : — Births during half-year ondod 30th Juno, 1870; Mates, 4778; tcraalos, 4658 ; total 9438. Arrivals by soa ; males, 6937, including 14 Ohineso ; females, 2535; total, 9472. Total: males, 11715; fomales. 7194 ; gran.l total, 18, 991 Doath3 during samo period: Males, 2092 ; foinales, 1379; total, Departures by sea; Males, 5113, including 194 Clnnoso; females, 2 -23; total, 7136. Total: Males 7205; femalcB, 3402; grand total, 10,6i)7» Incroaso during half-year; Males, 4510; femalos. i fomalej, 3791 ; total 8301 Estimated population on 3lst December, 1869 ; Males, 271,00-1; fomales, 214.32G j total. 485 330. Estimated population on 30tU Juno. 1870 : Malos, 275 614 ; females, 218,117 : total, 493,631. Tim Storm op Yesterday: Accident in tub Harbour and Loss op Life —'Iho closo, sul ry weathor that prevailed yesterday morning was fol« lowed in tho afternoon 6y a ' southerly,' which, for violence, has not been equalled for somo years. At 2 p.m. the southern horizon was packod with masses of heavy thunder clouds, and by 3 p.m. tho fltorin in all its fury suddenly burst ovor the ciiy in a perfect delugo of hail and rain, in a fow minutes flooding the stroets in tho lower portion of the town.- Tho storm lasted about half.au«hour, but during that timo tho force of tho wind was torrific- It was moro of the character of a tornado than the squalls usually experienced in this colony. The bail stones wero in many instances as largo As a pigeon 8 ogg, and much damage has been done to window's exposed to a southerly aspect. The steamer Vesta was on her passage for Watson'a Bay. and when near Garden Island had to put back to roscue a boat's drowning craw, .when the squall caught the awninjr, ripping St to pieces j beuding the iron stancliionB like email rods, and splittling tnu rail througii which they pass. The steamer Cobra met with the same mishap. A sailing bout con'ain ing th ee persons, Massrs. Grubo aud Speck, engravers, residing in Market-street, and nn apprcutice, were proceeding down tho harbor, and ware a short distance past Fort Deuison when they were overtaken by tho storm, and in an instant capsized, and, the boat sinking from uader tbem, they were left struggling with the waves. Providentially Mr HalJ( of tbe steamer Vesta, saw the accident, and at onco put back to thoir assistance, and with considerable difficulty got Mr Speck and the lad on board by means of Hucb tbat were hove to them, but Mr Urubo wont down and was drowned ; he was never seen to come to the surface again, although tho eager oyca of the passeugcrs and crow on board I the steamer were intently watching for some time, I The unfortunate gentleman, wo believe, leaves a largo I family.— Monday's Herald. ! Lost in the Bosh — During the past week, says the Ilobart Town * Mercury* of tho 26th ultimo, con i siderablo exciiouient was manifested among the i people ofBotbwoil, by an occuironce of the most dis tressing nature,— tho loss of a child in the bush. At 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning, 18th instant, tho wife of James Williams, a Bbepliord on tho Oluny Park estate, missed her eldest girl Kate aged three years and Qvo months, whom sho had seen at play outsido tho house fifteen minutes picviously. She called her namo. aud looked in every direction, the ground being clear and opon for somo distance from tho houso ; but not seeing her, she concluded sho had run after her grandmother, who had gone to a well distant some fow hundred yards, ^uch, however, I was not tho caso, as the grndmother had not seen ber. Terrorstr cken, the poor mo hor rushed wildly with an iufant in hor arms ovor the neighbouring paddocks siill calling for her little ono ; she heard a cry aad ran to the spot whence she fancied it proceeded, but could neither see nor hear her child. Now, almos^ffantic, sho; began ;to realize tho possibility of her littlo darling being lost in the bush, and prud ently made tbo circumstance known to Mrs Brown, of Cluny Park, who. with that true , maternal feeling experienced only by parents, at onco summoned all the farm assistants, and mounted her horse to assist in the search for tho nrirising child. After four or five hours fruitless efforts Mrs Biown sent a report to the superintendent of police at Both well, requesting his assistance. Unfortunately he was abnent at the time, but eoustable Stewart was speedily on tho spot, and with the father, who had been from home all day, renewed the search. Night coming on, fires were lighted, in tbe bush, and every window in Giuny Patk house illuminated with a view of directing the ohild, should she see them« The bush in the neighbourhood was traversed all night, and tho child's name frequently called, but all in vain. Soon after daylight on Wednesday morning the superintendent of polio j aud about twenty p rsona from Bothwell, amongst whom wore Messrs. Bowden, If», Hughes, junr, Maskell. jun„ &c.;, &c.;, arrived on tho ground, and a systematic search oommeuced, and was continued while daylight lasted, and still no traco of the lost ohild. Reluctantly, v i with harrowed feelings, the work was discontini i until next morning. Rain set in with a cold south wind, to which tho little sufTerer must be exposed, shivering, starving 1 The feelings of the parents can only be imagined, not des cribed. On Thursday morning the search was resumed by about thirty other residents of the township, amongst whom were Messrs. Arnett, Biggs, Bowden, junior, Kemp, Moyes, &c.; Notwithstanding the fre quent and heavy ahowers, the bush was scoured in overy possible direction, but without avail, until 4 p.m., when loud shouting was heard in tho direction of the house. A 1 ran, as they raioly ran boforo, until met by messengers sent out to inform them that tbe child was found* The glad tidings wore received with such an outburst of hurrahs that struck terror to the kangaroos abouudiug in tbo viciuity, and ol course made tbe leaves of the surroonding eucalypti clap their little hands in glee. Delight was visible in was visible in every countenance, and a feeling of joy pervaded nil hearts. When fouod tho child had lost its boots and bocks, and was going towards Oluny House j its little feet and legs wore much scratchod. otherwise it did not appear much worse for its ex posuso and want of food for thirty-Bix hours,. It littlo hands were full of bush flowers. Holloway's Pills and Ointment.— Assurances against disease*- Who would barter health for wealth f Yet slrange it Is that while men will pay immensely for the assurance of their proporty, they grudgo a few shillings for tho preservation of their health, Ry their policy tbey are freed from loss of fire, by the possession of Ho lowav's romodies, they may bo secured agaiuat sufferings by disease* Let all avoil themselves of these unfailing and iuexpeusivo safeguards. They cannot hurt, they must be salntary in any disoaso, and under any circumstances, flollowuy's Pills strengthen the stomaeb, prevent flatulency, porify tho blood, und invigorate the nerves. Holioway's Ointment soothes aud heals extoruul ailments. This valuable policy of assurauce against disaaBo should bo promptly pur chased. 