( From the Courier.') Sydney, October 29.= — The Avoca in passing up the Harbor last . night collided with the screw-steamer Waimea, and sunk her off Dawes Battery. The crew and passengers were, however, saved. — The Lady Young sailed at midnight on Friday with the Queensland portion of the Enerlish mails. Melbourne, October 29. — The wreck of the Challenger, brigantine^- which was run into by th« Avoca, has been found floating near the mouth of the Werribee River. Fearful floods are reported all over the colony. The lower portion of Ballarat is submerged, and the Yarra is rising rapidly.' Two families at Cole raine were drowned, and Mr. Looton, the ac countant of the National Bank, was swept away in tiying to rescue them. The inhabi tants of Seymour, are fleeing from the town. \- Towksnille, Oct. 3I.— The s.s. Boomerang left here this evening * with 4000 ounces of gold. The last crushing yielded four and a half ounces to the ton. —The Valentine crush ing Machine from Rockhampton is en route for Ravens wood. There lias been a small rush from Ravens wood to thc.Cloa-*.urry. The boiling-down . 'and meat-preserving season it Yengarie came to a close on Wednes day last. We are informed that every prepar ation has been made to commence canecrush ing to-day (Saturday.) - The monthly meeting of the Permanent Building Society will be held at the Court house on Monday evening, for the receiving of subscriptions and the sale -of shares, when any persons wishing can become shareholders. The arrest of the perpetrator of the rob beries at the residences of ^Messrs. Palmer and Marshall reflects great credit on the police sta tioned in Maryborough. Although as a rule indisposed to lavish eulogium on the guardians of the public peace for 6imply doing their duty, the cases in question presented features so dif ficult and mysterious, as to justify us in de parting in this instance, from our usual prac tice, and expressing the hope that the energetic ' and discreet cpnduct of the officers engaged in the capture will meet with proper recognition at the hands of the Executive: . - Another of the. piqneeis of the .district has. passed for ever away — Mr. P. J/ Pigott, of Auburn^— who died on Thursday -night at HawkWood. Mr. Pigott had been ill for some time, and was on his way to Maryborough for medical treatment at the time of his decease. We are glad to acknowledge the receipt of J the first issue of the Ravenswood Miner, ] dated October 15. Although of unpretending j appearance and size, it is well got up, and seems destined to be widely useful both as a local advertising medium and a source of trust worthy information as to the prospects and condition of this the most promising of our Northern goldfields. The Secretary of the Maryborough Hospital desires to acknowledge the following subscrip tions and donations for the past month : — Messrs. B. and S. Moreton. £2 2s. ; William Johnson, 5s. ; Thos. Cooper, 2ls. ; John Meikle john, 20s. [James Deacon, 21s.; John Wor thington, 10s. ; Thomas Malone, 2s. 6d. ; P. Malloy, 2s. 6d. ; George Ford, 2s. 6d. ; Thos. Molloy, 2s. 6d. ; John Campbell, 2s. 6d.: Rchd. Johnson, 2s. 6d. ; Andrew Morrow, 2s. 6d. ; Hugh, 5s.; James Joss, s. ; John Millar, 5s. ? a' Friend, 2s. ; John )'Connor, 2s. 6d. ; a Friend, 2s. 6d.; a Frien , Is. — from the Union Saw-mills.] Wm. Powell £2 ; Geo. Mant, £2 2s.; Michael Newman, Is.; Frank Smith, 2s. 6d. ; a Friend, 2s. 6d. ; John Towzey, 5s, ; M. C. Coffey, 10s. ; Joseph Pinch er, 5s. ; James Robertson, 10s. ; and £1 3s. 5d. forfeited wages per Mr. M'Douald, Eatonvale. Through the courtesy - f a gentleman just returned from a tour throu h the Burnett dis trict we are informed that the country over which he travelled is looking beautiful, and is in splendid order, the vegetation, to use his own phrase, being ' like a corn field.' The stock, both sheep and cattle, on the several stations is all in good condition. The station hands are all busy shearing, and this year's clip is fully equal to, if not superior to, that of last season's, thus proving most satisfactorily that the wool has not been prejudiced by late heavy ahd continuous rains. The wool is iu a very clean state, and at one station visited by our informant he saw the new process of clean ing the wool. The sheep were being washed and soaked on the hot water nrinoinle. anil appeared decidedly the better for such luxu rious treatment. Kangaroos are largely in creasing, to the annoyance and trouble of the squatters, and are fast becoming a great pest in the district. On one run, in the opinion of the owner, there are not less than 10,000 of these animals constantly devouring the herb age. Should the wool market continue favor able, we have no doubt that the squatters, with the ? present good season, will retrieve many of their losses. The Hussey and Holly Minstrels arrived on Thursday, per steamer Queensland, from Bris bane, and gave a charming entertainment at the Theatre Royal in the evening, to a well filled bouse. Miss Blanche Clifton opened the performances with ' Maggie's Secret,' the beautiful rendering of which fairly took the audience by storm, and elicited an encore. Other songs followed, all being received with tremendous applause. The baritone voice of Mr. Campbell in 'The Village Blacksmith,' 'Wrecked and Saved,' 'The Death of Nelson,' &c.;, was so conspicuous for timbre and expres sion, that he was repeatedly recalled, and very kindly acceded by singing other well-known favorites. Miss Blauche Clifton also appeared as Granny Snow in ' A Thousand a Year,' and in that character ' brought down the house' more than once. ' The Bloated Young Aristo crat' and ' Love among the Roses' were also charmingly' given by Frank Hussey and Charles Holly respectively. A buffo duett, ' Tobias and Bianca,' by Messrs. Hussey and Holly, created much laughter and amusement. Nor mast we omit to notice the contribution to the evening's entertainment made by the clever dancing of Mr. Holly. The farce of ' A Ghost iu a Pawnshop,1' in which comicalities and nigger wit abounded, concluded a performance of two hours and a half. On Friday evening an entire change of programe was gone through. Miss Blanche Clifton appeared as 'The Unprotected Female,' and sang with. magnificent effect 'Barney O'Hae,' and 'I dote on the Military.' Mr. Campbell also effectively and grandly sang 'The Willo'the Wisp,' and the descriptive song 'The Desert.'' Want of space forbids us enlarging upon the merits of the other performers, who all sus tained their respective parts creditably; but we must give a word of favorable notice of the very excellent pianoforte accompaniment of Mr. Pietzcker, an old resident of Maryborough, whose name and face must be familiar to many of our readers, and who has now definitively embraced the artistic career. May he and his collaborators meet with all the success which their talents and their enterprise de serve. It will be seen by advertisement that the Minstrels will give another, and their last, entertainment in Maiy borough this evening. We regret having to plead guilty to the er roneous ascription of a paragraph copied from the Express, and published in our issue of the 18th ultimo as a quotation from the Courier. The inadvertence is the moTe provoking as we have very rarely had occasion to draw upon the former journal for information, and are the more anxions to avoid even the semblance of injustice— an offence with which our co temporaiy naturally, but untruthfully, charges us — in the few instances in which we have found it expedient to quote from this excep tional source. On referring back to the ' proof ' which contains the offending para graph, we fiad that the ' authority' had been inadvertently omitted on giving out the ' copy.' When the proofs came in for revi sion late at night, our Brisbane files not being then handy for reference, and the paragraph displaying none of the anti-squatting animus characteristic of the Express, — especially when descanting on so tempting a theme as the Mitchell — we presume that the authorship was unhesitatingly ascribed to the journal least capable of being individualized. In nine cases out of ten it would be impossible to mistake a morceau of the Express for an utterance of the heavier and more cautious twin of the Bris bane press constellation. It has been our mis fortune to light Upon the tenth, and having thus, made honorable amends, we trust that the injured party will accept our explanation in the same brotherly spirit in which it is in dited. About a month ago the committee of the Maryborough Hospital applied to the A.S.N. Co. for the free use of one of its steamers for an excursion on the Prince of Wales' Birthday — Wednesday next, for the benefit of that insti tution. To that application we learn that a reply has been received which is, in effect, that the trip is impracticable. Owing, we suppose, to complaints made on a previous occasion, the Company do not feel justified in granting the services of one of their through boats — the Lady Bowen or Queensland — these vessels hav ing always cargo or passengers, generally both, on board ; and the diiect boat, the Havilah, will unfortunately not be in port at the time. The Committee offered by telegram, yesterday, to pay the cost of detention of passengers and cargo by the through boats, but'no reply had been received last night, and we fear tbat'in tending exCurs;ohists will be deprived of this looked-for' holiday, and the charity will not have the accession to ifB funds its managers were anticipating. For some time past the licensed draymen of the municipality have been bitterly com plaining that though they were paying for the privilege of plying for hire in the town, as well as paying rates, the country carriers were doing a large portion of the business without contributing to the town revenue in any way. Having brought the matter before the Council in a memorial, it came out in course of discus sion that the officers of the Council found it almost impossible to protect the licensed dray men without their aid, so a resolution was passed that a reward of £2 be given in every case for information leading to a conviction, and notices to that effect have been issued about the town. The step is a right one, for it comes to this, that either the license fee must be imposed on all alike, or abolished altogether. One of the greatest absurdities that yet re main a practice of our criminal code is the exacting of personal bail from a person com mitted for trial. Mr. Pring, who defended Wilkie at the Police Court yesterday, made a very pertinent remark when the magistrate fixed the bail of the prisoner at two sureties of £100 and himself in £200. He said that the personal security might as well have been fixed at £1000, as it could net possibly matter to a person committed whether- the amount was £1 or £1000. — Express. The Ipswich Agricultural Society is about to hold an exhibition next month, and has come out with a very spirited and excellent programme. They offer, in various ways, prizes valued altogether at £218. A prize of five guineas is offered for the best essay on farming in Southern Queensland, and towards a special prize for cotton-seed, oil, and cake, ten persons subscribe half a guinea each. Four prizes are offered for sugar, which, no doubt, will ultimately obtain as firm a stand in West Moreton as it has got in East Moreton. Under the heading ' Articles ®f Commerce and Manufacture ' a prize is offered of £6 for Ipswich cast iron, the ?ist includes silk, hemp, flax. China grass, banana and other fibre, opium, vegetable, and animal oils, cotton, oil cake, indigo, coffee, pickles, preserved meat, silky oak for sugar-rollers, leather, harness, saddle, and for sheep-washing integral, the total amount offered being £37 and two medals. There are prizes for tobacco, pre serves, bottled fruits, wine, cider, and rum ; two prizes, one. of ten, and the other of four guineas, for wheat, and of 6ix guineas for wheaten flour. Live stock, poultry, agricul tural implements, and dairy produce are all remembered in the Society's programme, nor are fruits and flowers forgotten. In fact, the list is an admirable one, and speaks veiy highly for the Society in every sense, and West More ton is greatly indebted to the gentlemen who form its committee. — Express. The Warwick correspondent of the Courier writes : — Rust is making its appearance in nearly every field in the district; certainly there may be a few exceptions. Our farmers this year had sown a greater quantity of wheat than usual, and consequently will feel the loss more acute. No doubt the late rainy weather has been in a great measure the cause of this dreaded disease spreading so rapidly. Ravenswood. — We ( Ravenswood Miner) would caution any except skilled miners from coming here. There is no demand for labor of any other sort ; and those who come here with the hope of doing well need capital. We have a large region of unexplored country, but we must remind persons at a distance that the wherewithal to live upon is necessary until a return can be had. Mr. Lord's machine at the Middle Camp is in a forward state of prepara tion. The greater part of the machinery, in cluding, the boiler, has arrived, and the re mainder of the plant is hourly expected. This machine is most favorably situated in respect to water supply. It is expected to be at work in the course of three weeks or a month. The Pope, the King, a»p the Empe ror. — Pope Pius has written to the King of Prussia and the late Emperor letters of which the following: is a codv : — ' Your Maiestv : Tn the present grave circumstances it may appear an unusual thing to receive a letter from me, but as the vicar en earth of God and peace, I cannot do less than to offer my mediation. It is my desire to witness the cessation of war like preparations, and stop the evils, of their inevitable consequences. My mediation is of a sovereign whose small domain excites no jealousy, who inspires confidence by the moral and religious influence which he personifies. May God lend an ear to my wishes, and listen also to those I form of your Majesty, to whom I would be united in bonds of charity. — Given at the Vatican, July 22, 1870. (Signed) Pius E5L' The postscript adds : ' I have written identi cally to the Emperor.' The King's reply is as follows : — ' Most August Pontiff, — I am not surprised, but profoundly moved at the touch ing words traced by your hand. They cause the voice of God — 'Peace' — to be heard. Hx-w could my heart refuse to listen to so powerful an appeal. God witnesses that neither I nor my people desired or provoked war. Obeying the sacred duties which Qod imposes on sovereigns and nations, we take up the sword to defend the independence and honor of our country, ready to lay.it down when these treasures are secured. If your Holiness could offer me from him who so unex pectedly declared war, assurance of a sincerity of pacific disposition, and a', gua-ante: against a similar attempt upon the peace and tranqui lity of Europe, it certainly will not be I that will refuse to receive them from your venerable hands. United I am with you in the bonds of friendship. (Signed) William.' 'Tha reply of the Emperor has not appeared. 