CHAPTER XLL-MYSTAGOGUS. Half an hour passed, I clai'o. say, m that sort of dream, and thc moonlight seemed to grow insupporfc ably pure, and tho night air-liko tho water to tho swimmer--met his breast with tho thrill of a delicious shudder. So a solitary happiness stole over him, tho most melancholy and scrone-rlike that of tho man who is about to make tho last great venture, und die ; and has already taken leave of all his miseries and compli cations. "Henceforward you aro my .¿Egeria-a phantom only ; I shall see you in my solitude and darkness-a picturo of light ; I sholl hear your voice, liko notes of distant music, but to more conflict ; tho tumult of hopo forever stilled, and this wild heart is quiet ; tho first death has passed over it, and all now is retrospect There aro 'brains though they moulder that dream in tho tomb. With this quotation Carmel Sherlock got to his feet again, to his pipe, and charged it with the biting tobacco ho liked, and lighting it, and lighting his second candle also, read and smoked by tho light of his candle. Read what? It happened to be the Bible tho Old Testament, for its poetry, philosophy, and pro found knowledge of human nature-to him it was no revelation-all man's work-but oven so, it was tran quillizing and elevating. The fruit of tho tree of life, we know, is for bolievers, and its "leaves aro for tho healing of the nations." Ho dipped into the Psalms, he turned over to Isaiah ; and then passed away into the Cyclopean sub limities of Job. He read, and smoked, and pondered ; and came, at last to a passage which lighted up his frowning face with a pallid smile : . "This is tho portion of a wicked man with God, and the boritago of oppressors, which they shall receive of the Almighty." " Though ho heap up silver as tho dust, and preparo raiment ns the clay ; he may preparo it, but the just shall put it on, and the inno cent shall divide tho silver." "Tho rich man shall lie down, but he shall not be gathered : he openeth his eyes, and ho is not. Terrors take hold on him as waters, a tempest stcaloth him away in tho night." Those grandly sinister wordsjvpplied themselves ; as ho read them, each sentence seemed to rise up and point a weird finger at the man he feared and hated-. wicked and wealthy. Again and again, over and over, j he read them, till they seemed to gain slowly a power 1 over , him, and, with a gasp, he started like a man waking himself from a dream that frightened him, and hurriedly turned over the pages, and looked slowly about him : round upon the strango furniture and decorations of his crooked and dimly-lighted room, through the open casement once moro upon the dreamy landscape, and then upon the dial of his Dutoh clock, I whoso diligent tick ing, exaggerated by tho silonco, was the only sound audible. Ho raised the candle to it and looked. It was near one o'clock. His eye glanced on tho Straduarius-Violina, with her face to the wall. He did not care, just then, to remember that she was there, and averted his glance quickly-was over solitude, so utter ? _ These ancient writings, which used to soothe him, ? like his narcotic weed, were failing him to-night. Ho turned back and read, after many others, this passage : "Then a spirit passed before my face; tho hair of my flesh stood up : It stood still, but I could not discern the form thereof-an image was before mino eyes, thoro was silence, and I heard a voice saying-" J As Carmel Sherlock read these words ho raised his 1 eyes, and they happened to rest upou tho door, which now stood wide open, and a figure was there observing him. # , It' was Miss Agnes Marlyn, pale, with her candió in' her hand, and gazing on him with large steady eyes. Carmel Sherlock rose to his feet, returning her gaze.. I don't think he was quite sure that ho did not seo a ghost. Ho raised tho candle, and stared at her in a way that, at another tune, would have mode her laugh. But now sho did not smilo. Sho looked palo, like himsolf, and only said " Hush !" and raised her linger warningly. "Miss Marlyn !" lie whispered. " Yes ; may I come in ? or will you come to the door for a moment ? I dare not speak aloud." " Como in, yes. She's Miss Marlyn-these lights are flaring-you arc not afraid." He glanced at his fiddlo, lying vory quiet with its face to tho wall. "Young ladies are afraid of ghosts sometimos-I used to bo, but long habit, and," ho looked along tho floor, "never seeing thom, don't encourage it-it's a fancy that might stcni you out of your senses." " I have como to you, Mr. Sherlock, to ask a kind ness-a groat favour-you did mo one once." " Yes-I know-in tho thunderstorm, when I brought that lotter for you to tho post, and so, between us, we've brought, not a man, but a vampire into tho house." "You wore true to mo then, Mr. Sherlock-in God's name, be true to mo now ! It's only a. trifle, and there is not a soul in the house I oan trust but you ; I have not a friend." " You aro talking to a dead man ; I'm no ono's friend." "I know you are kind, I know you aro true ; you can be a friend whero one is needed ; what I ask is, I assure you, but a trifle ; promise me this, at least, that if you refuse me-which I hardly think possiblo -you won't tell any ono what my request was ?" Carmol Sherlock looked at her with a shrewd and shrinking glanco, aud walked over to tho window, looking down on the floor, and having stood for a minute at tho open casement, he returned, and said : " If it has no relation whatever to Miss Kachel Shad well-I-may." " None ; it's only a note, aud, I swear to you, it has no reference-not tho slightest-to Miss Shadwell." " Yes-yes-she says true ; I remember-a note-go on. . " Just this-I'm making a great confidence, but I know you won't betray mo ; and oven if I were not Euro, I oannot choose, I must placo mysolf in your hands-" "Fear nothing ; thorowas a heart there," and ho knocked his clenched hand at his breast, "now there stone. I don't know why I ask that question-no go on- nil admirari. " " I want this noto delivered to-night." Was she ashamed, or afraid ? I dou't know which, as thus sponking, ina lowered voice, sho hastily placed a little noto in Carmel Sherlock's open hand. Ho turned frowningly to tho candió, and, having road its address, turnod ashy palo. "Who put this into your hoad?" ho said, with a forooious and horror-stricken stare. "Did you dream it-or how Y" "I don't know what you mean ;" she answered voiy honestly." " You aro beautiful-yes ; sec how her colour comes and goes, with tho beauty of a young Vcinu-warm, crimson blood-and beautiful shame Listen to me, what pub it in your head ? I say thero's foul play here Everything pushing moon !" It seemed to her that he trembled anil looked faint. Her patience was on tho vorgo of breaking down altogether, but she controlled her anger, for the case was urgent, aud Carmel her last hope, although, au sho said, tho service was slight. "Beautiful? yos ; tho genii carno in different shapes -a serpent, a boy, an old man, a girl. Js any mau on earth so perplexed usï ?" "I implore of you'" she whispoie.l earnestly, "to give this to-night, without fail, into his own hand; and I trust all to your honour, no ono on earth but you and ho must kuow." "Don't mind your dreams," ho said, in a whisper. "Dreams aro not 3eiit from God, nor caused by him, but must bo demoniacal, since nature is demoniacal, not divine Come, come, don't you enter into tho con spiracy." " You can't suppose I understand one word of what you say," sho said at last, a little licrcely ; " I ask you, once for all, to deliver that noto to-night. You must know I can't, aud I havo told you I shall bo ruined if you don't." " If you had said travel fifty miles before morning I should havo tried ; but to Sir Koko Wychorly's door until tho suu had risen-I will not go. Why will you troublo mo ? I was scrono.'' "You won't givo it to-night? Oh ! won't you, Mr. HUOriOCK.'" "I won't givo it to-night ! AV hat temptation is this, and whoneo do you come ? I say no !" " It ought to havo roached him before nine o'clock to-night, I had promised it, and my silonco ho is to road as no, and ho is odd and violent. Ho may never forgivo it. Oh ? Mr. Carmel, think ; I can't I won't do it myself, and if it is not done, what is to become of me ? An enemy has read my letters- thcro ! I'vo told you-and has learned that which he may uso to ruin me, and thcro is no ono to help mo but that ono bad man, Sir Koko Wychcrly ; don't you seo how madly I trust you? and you won't hell) m0> in 11 matter to mo impossible, but for you ns easy as to walk to that win dow. Oh, Mr. Carmel ! Mr. Carmel, think !" "Yes, easy-facilis decensus-ovil has como to many, in many shapes. You aro warped by SODIO dream you have had a dream to-night. I don't bcliovo in any exorcism-no, no, no !-they aro too strong for UH." " Oh ! Mr. Sherlock ! do, for God's sako, do give him the note to-night !" She stamped, and wrung her hands in her anguish. " How sho persists ! How cruel thoy all aro ! Take this with you thon-the thing's impossible ! Short is the way, but a gulf unfathomable between us ! False sibyl ! you say, step boldly. "What of tho abyss ? Havo not the demons charge over theo, in their hands to bear theo up, lest thou, dash thy foot against a stone, and return bloody ? Listen to your words, and say, are not they the song of a devil? Nb, no, you shall not prevail, beautiful Miss Agnes Marlyn ! And you have lifted upjthe curtain, and showed me that other image. Oh, Kachel ! Kachel ! Kachel ! See what a wreck she would make ; this Ariel of the'storm, flaming amaze ment, sho knows not, or cares not, to what purpose" Without another word, her beautiful eyes flashing, she extended her hand. "Patience !" ho said, "only a moment, I'll givo it to you, if you like, but listen first ; this is reason, this is business. Ho's asleep now ! he's asleep ? I-I know it ! . Look there, it's ono o'clock ! he's asleep by this time, and, I promiso this, the edgo of tho sun's rim shall not havo appeared above that upland there in tho morning ono minuto before I place it in his hand. Don't bo so crazy, young lady ! if you'ro mad, I'm not," and with these stern words he darted a lowering glance at Miss Marlyn. "Well, perhaps, yes; do so, wo shall see." With these words she turned, and was leaving the room with a light andquick tread, bub sho stopped,'aud said : "Mr. Sherlock, I was going without thanking you ; I do thank yoti, pray forgivo mo ; but I am agitated and miserable, farewell !-and oh ! do not fail mo !" Sho \- clasped her hands, and looked on him for a moment with such eyes as aro raised in shipwreck, and then stole away quickly. Sherlock followed to tho door, a"hd listened with a raised hand and wide-open eyes. "Nob a souud ! not a stop ! not a breath !" Then ho paused again for a while, listening. "Foiled? ha, ha, ha! Well that tho suspicion crossed mo as it did. Ay, spirit, you hear mo now ? God ! what have I seen ? What is a mortal crcaturo among thom ? If though bo a good angel-como, oh quiet, quiet ! If it bo an evil ono, load mo away into the desert. Oh, that I lind wings like a dove ! then would I flee away aud bo at rest. Can any man escape Jus destiny ?" So he closed the door. "Ah, Menander ! you say truth "Unicuiquo liomin! stntim nasconti Aclcst Divjmou vitm myatagogus.' He looked round his strange room, stealthily, as if expecting to seo tho mystngogus of his life revealed ; and then, sighing, he loaned his head upon his hand, and seemed to sink into a quiet contemplation. (TO BE CONTINUED.) FATAT, ACCIDENT U\\- DROWNING. - Intelligence roached Tamworth on Monday week that Mrs. liowsoll, I relict of tho lato Mr. E.' E. Eowsoll, wolicitor, of j Armidale, was drowned in Moredow'n Creek, New j England. It appears that tho unfortunate lady had ; hoeu into Arniidalo to tako part in an amateur conçoit . which was given during thc raco week, in aid of tho : funds of tho Church of England Building Fuud, and ; was returning to Inverell, where sha resided, in a : : buggy. In crossing Morcdown Creek, which was con- | sidorably swollen by late rains, she was thrown out and . '? drowned. Miss Louisa Markham, who was in company 1 with deceased, was saved by tho driver of tho buggy. |( 