THE CONFESSIONAL. By John C. Miller, D. D. ! "A xiardoned man !" exclaims Mr. Greslc-y, in his " Ordinances of Confession," " how much is included in these words ! What an inconceiv able change has x>assed over tlic soul of him who lias obtained Coil's pardon, who is justified by faith, cleansed from his sins, aecexitcd for the sake of Jesus Christ." "How shall a Christian- who has fallen into OilL UUbUill jJtUUUIi ill 11 1 JJUUUC i i.UU aaonui which we give to this momentous question really decides the character of our creed, and ought, if we be honest and consistent, to decide our choice of a communion." : So writes one who stands in the foremost rank of the great thinkers of the day, and whose mas- sive and exhaustive sermon, 'The Throne of Grace : not the Confessional,' is worthy of a 'Protestant Bishop. Our subject brings me into direct and imme diate contact witli the point suggested by Mr. .'Gresley, and witli 'the question raised by Bislioxi 'Jcune; Homo centres tlie answer to all tliis in ,tbe Priest. , He, as tlie Bisbox> caresses it, "is tlie immediate saviour," and liis X'ower lies in that which is our theme to-day. "Even 'after Christ lias been immolated on ten thousand alters in a single day, after He has as often ax>pcased His angered Father, anil as often ax>X)eai'ed before liim in heaven witli His Xivocious offering, not even one sin lias been done away in behalf of ahy of the xienitents xirostratc sit. His feet. Mass is xiowerless in regard of rip- mission of sin.- All that it effects is to obtain for those now in the world grace and tlie gift of Xicnitcnee from Goil, who by sacramental xienaiice is reconciled r to each of us, as He was to our i race- as a whole when Christ died ; and mass is of itself as incapable of yielding X'urdon and peace :as the atonement on the cross. The grace and - the repentance which it procures do not suffice for this, because Christ lias ' said to his ministers, ' 1 "Whose soever sins ye remit, they are .remitted.;', if therefore, 'through other. channels than those ministers, man can obtain pardon, tlie words of tlie Son of God liave .no meaning, they are illusive, tliey are a lie ! It1 is the ab solving act of the. Priest, not the/death of Christ upon the cross, which corresponds to the sin- 1 offering of the Old Testament.- : It is tlie sacri fice, which the Priest oilers, it is the remission, which lie pronounces,''' that renders the work of Christ effectual. Without tlie Priest, therefore, no sin is forgiven, no soul is saved,. unless Goil' see fit to dexiart from .the order .which His wisdom lias axpointed." (Pp. 8- J. ) : The Confessional is oliviously and avowedly the chief- engine of the sacerdotal power of the Church of Rome. v;) -=. . - : .1 shall therefore at once xn;oceed to lay before you the divisions under which the subject will be treated. I shall endeavour to bring before you— ! ' ' ' I. The Confessional in tlie Church- of Rome. And , . : . I II. The attenixit to introduce tlic Confessional into the Reformed C'lmrch of England. - ' First. The ! Confessional- in the Church, of Rome. Will it be objected that I am dealing unfairly witli those of the English Clergy who arc desirous of introducing this practice of. con- fissioii; anil that I am prejudicing their .case by. bringing bofore'this assembly the mdnstrous ex- liibition of priestly despotisin which is- exhibited-- iii the .Church of Rome ? I answer, no ; that I inn not unfairly xn'ojudicixg the case. And iny liis'i reply to the objection, if such should arise in the jiiii d-i of any; is, obstfi- prtiieipliit! let iis resist the beginning of this evil. 'Moreover, it is periec'.ly fa r in argument to test a princixile by pushing it to its legitimate results. In the next place I would apxioal to experience, or, rather, rd'liisto-.'y, -and would ask, what lias been the l'jsult of the 'Pratt n ian movement, of which the system of auricular confession lias now become and acknowledged part,— what has been tlie rc- s.ilt of it as, it is. now develoxied amongst .us ? .Si ma thirty-five years liavc chrpsod since that hiemorablc xirivate ' meeting took x>l«ce in tlie ' study; of, the- Rev. Hugh James Rose, at which iui endeavour was made to revive in the Church: of England what those Clergymen regarded as 'Church xirincixilcs. In tlie year 1S33, tlie first " Tract tor the Times" fpxieai'ed ; and in 1S41 the system culminated,' 'at any rate for the time, in " Tract x c." In these thirty-five years to Svliat lengths have wo gone ! I uiaintain, there fore, 'that ' when' 'we arc toliVby Dr. Pusey and by others that this confession — this secret con fession to the so-called x>riest— is very extensive ly xiractiscd in the: Church of England, we are liiiriy . entitled to look at' what tlic Bisliox> of Casliel would call the" "rale thing," anil see what it is now— wliat it is' among Roman Catho lics—anil to wliat it will speedily grow if it he not , checked, .as' I venture to lioxic.it will he cheeked, liy tlie indignant expression of public ' 'opinion;- ' : ! -Tlie 'object of confession to the priest— of se- ' cret— or; as we generally , term it — auricular con- | Jession, , is, to; 'meet xiost-baptismal sin. The question is, How are tlie sins of the bapitusod person to be remitted ? i .' Those of us who are at all conversant with the : heresies of the early Church -know .that one of 'flic heresies of those times consisted in this, that Nqvntian anil his followers refused restoration ito Church Communion to those who 'had 'lapsed ihto 'jp'evious siii iifter baptUnii. Now it is to ' ineet the case of those who have fallen into sin 'after bax>tiam . that the . Romish doctrine of the Sacrament of .Penance lias been invented. Tliat 'I may liot lriisreprcseiitTliis, and that I may lay the foundation of all that' may hereafter be ad vanced1 in- this. lecture oil a clear and solid basis,- jl will read you .tbe, very words— only , that tliey ; 'are ; translated: into . English — of tlie Council of. iTreiit !" Cliaxi.'il/ Of tlie ' heeessity and iiistitution of i . the .Sacrament of Penance.". . " ' . f,' If,; In, all; the regenerate, there :were; such jgi-atitude to , Goil that , tliey always kexit the t 'ghteo'usncss received by His goodiicss .anil grace .ill-baptism, 'there would have 'been no need to Institute another: sacrameiit for -the remission 'of - tills besides, baxilism.; Biit since God, ; who is (rich in mercy, knowetli our frame, He-hatlipro-. :vidcd a saving remedy for those wlin yield tliem- selves again to the slavery of sin and tlie xiower of the ilei i' — nair.e'y, the Sacrament of Ptnance, whereby the benefits of the death of Christ are axqilied to those who sin after bax>tism. "Now, in order to obtain grace anil righteous ness, iienance was always necessary for all men who had defilcil themselves with mortal sin, 'even for those who sought to he washed in the sacra ment of baptism, that, renouncing anil amending their pevvorscnoss, they might regard so great offences against Cod with utmost abhorrence anil hatred, and x.ious grief of mind. Whence the I>rox>het saitli, ' Be converted, and do penance for all your iniquities, and iniquity shall not be your ruin,' (Ezek. xviii. 30.) The Lord also said, ' Excex>t you do x,eniwicc> yu shall all likewise xierish.' (Luke xiii. ii. ) And Peter, tlic prince of the Apostles, recommending penance to those sinners who were about to be initiated by baxitism, said, ' Do xienance, and lie Ixiptized every one of you.' (Acts ii. 38. ) We must here demur to the translation of tlie Greek word. It means, not penance, but that change of mind and heart which tlie Holy Spirit works on those who are truly awakened to a sense of sin. " Of the jtarts and fruit of this sacrament," it is said, (Gimp, iii.) "tlie Holy Council further teaches that the form of the Sacrament of Pen ance, in which its power chiefly lies, resides in the words of the Minister, ' I will absolve thee from thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' To which cer tain prayers are added, by a laudable custom of holy Church ;, yet tliey jlo not belong to the es sence of its form, nor are tliey necessary to tlic administration of tlic sacrament itself. More over,' the acts of tlie ' xienitent— namely, contri tion, confession; and satisfaction — are the matter as it were of this sacrament." We have to do more immediately with one element of this doctrine of the Sacrament of Penance ; not so much with the contrition, not so much with the, satisfaction, as with the con fession which . is made in order to obtain the coveted blessing of absolution. As an historical fact, auricular confession was not an ordinance of tlie Cliuech, however much it may have been privately favoured by some divines, until the first Council of Lateran," in the year,1215, in the time of Pope Innocent III. And this is one of tlie many illustrations which we have, as we look into this whole controversy, of the falsehood of that populai' delusion by which tlie Romanists endeavour to work, esxie- cially on the ignorant— namely, that theirs is the old religion. Auricular confession as a doctrine of tlieir Cliureli dates back only as far ss 1215. Ancl if there are any who are desirous of know-, ing: what was the oxiinion of some of tlie giants amongst tlie Fathers on this subject, I may ob serve, that it is very simxily, , but at the same time very ably treated in the first number of the second series of the " Christian Advocate." In that work you will find that the authorities of Tcrtullian, St. Chvysorton, Gregory of Mysoa, St. Clement of Alexandria, are all introduced, and it is as clear as the sun at noonday that nei ther of these Fathers holds the doctrine of auri cular confession to tlicrx>riest. With regaril to the position which the con fessional occupies in the Church of Rome, I will' quote the language of St. Phillix> Neri, ' the ' x>atroii saint of the Oratorians : — : " Those who desire to advance in the. ways of : God, commit themselves to a wise confessor, whom they obey lis holding the place' of God.; He who does this secures himself from rendering an account to God of his actions. Anil- this-is agreeable to what Jesus Christ says of his Minis- tery, — ' He who hears you, hears me ! ' "t To bring- $hi matter down to' our own clay, and to take tlie oxiportnnity of returning thanks to the Roman Catholic; or Tractarian who lias sent me this little xiamxihlet — for one, does not like to lie under the sin of ingratitude to those who look us lip in this way— i will read an ex tract front the " Catechism and Instruction for Confession," bearing the "Imprimatur," "Hen- ricus Eilwardus, Archiepiscox>us Westinonas- teriensis," whom I suxqiose even the ladies re cognise as Henry Edward, Arclihishoxi of West minister. In this catechism, dedicated " to the Lady Abbess, Tannton," I find these words, which are in strict accordance witli the words of the Council of Trent, and of St. Phillip Neir, "Goto confession, kneel at the priest's feet, confess everything, think not of the man — it is to God you kneel.'' Then we have something about the xiriest being better fitted for this func tion than a " beautiful bright angel, all inno- 'cence and x>"rity." I confess if I liiiil to do either, I should x»'efer " the beautiful bright angel," . because I think he would x'ei'forin tlic duty , better. The catechism goes on thus ; V You soon forget all else but that you ai'c at, tlie ' feet of God, confessing your sins to Him,' pleading his forgiveness." The authoress adds : — " One more story. I -must tell you of our dear blessed lailyi Wlieii she was a little girl be tween three and four years old, and was going to the temxile school, the priest of the teinxile who had come to examine lier before she was re- - ceivcil, asked her whatpenances she would take upon herself for the love of God. Little Mary said she would not eat' fruit exeex>t of one kind ; she would not drink wine or vinegar, of which she was very fond; she -would not eat meat or fish, anil would rise three times in the night, to x-ray ; anil all this at the age of three years. The priest did not allow her to do all this, anil as she was ' very obedient; she did only what lie allowed her; i which was still a great deal, for she ate no fruit or meat, fish, only on. feast- days, and. rose once in the night to pray, and drank only water, sweetened . sometimes with 'a juice much used in tlie East. Now, wliich among you is .-not anxious to imitate Mary anil Josex>li ? Oh,- yes ! I am . sure you -will all try from .this day. forward ; such penances as are thus thrown in your way eyery day are' particularly pleasing 'to ' God, for tliey come .direct from liiih; ; Self-im- Xioseil penances. of. a more severe nature should never lie undertaken, without the advice of your confessor. Accept peiiaiices. that lire given you' by yrnir parents bi" superiors, whether justly Or unjustly, with great pleasure,, as. those are also very, meritorious and safe, not heing of your own choice. Be very particular about the penance given you 1>y the priest in confession ; always say it before you leave the Chnrcli, if possible ; if not as soon as ox>x>ortuiiity offers." This, then — and I trust I ain not misrepre senting the doctrine of the Church of Rome— is the doctrinal view of the confession necessary to obtain that absolution which is x>art of the Sacrament of Penance. (To be continued.) 