A SXßA'NGE STOKY. AxoTiiKii proof of tho old mingo " murder will out" is givou by tho Tronton Sentinel: lt is forty yours ugo, or moro, since tho dead body of n slmngor was found in tho woods, near the Stony brook bridge, about ono milo to tho cast of Penning- ton, a village in Now Jeraoy county. Wo woro children then, residing near said village, and remem- ber tho circumstance well. It was an incident lo make an impression in a quiet rural neighbourhood. Years later, when wo boys used to go in to swim in that locality, moro or less fears were always excited by roforonco to tho circumstances, for boyhood, as well as ago, is superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and almost overybody is afraid of thom ! Tho body was found in a sitting posturo against a hooch treo. Tho faco distorted, tho eyes protruding as though tho dead man had died in agony. His hat lay a- lbw foot from him. His dross betokened ono in comfortablo circumstances. Ho was a strangor, nnd no ono ever remembered to have soon him. Thoro wus no money upon the corpse, Tho body, without spocial examination, was buried, wo forgot whore There woro no wounds upon it, and no ovidenco of violence. At thut day, public scrutiny was not so acento in roforonco to tho mysterious deed, nnd no verdict of supposed murdor was recordod. And now comos tho 6tmngo elucidation of tho case. A few days since accident placed in our hands a copy of tho Manchester (England) Examiner. In tho number wo found tho dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulseman, acknowledging to a murder perpetrated forty years ago, in tho stato of Now Jersey, United States of America. Tho murdered man'B name was James Eberhnrt. Tho murderer was acquainted with his victim in tho old country, and carno out about ono year before him. Hulseman was a tanner, and worked in New York. When Eberhnrt came out ho sought ont his old acquaintance. Ho had nbout £200 in monoy. On prctenco of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman Blarted with Eberhurt on a tour through Now Jersoy. Ho had with him n flask of poisoned brandy, ns ho resolved to murdor his friend for tho monov ho hud. " They first «topped ut Princeton, nnd thon concluded to walk acroB3 tho intervening nino milos to Pennington, tho weather hoing pleasant, nm^ public travel hoing greatly circumscribed. When within a milo of tho Tatter placo they stopped over into tho woods, under a troo lo purtuko of somo victuals they had procurod boforo starting. Hulse- man thon passed his ilnsk to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agony. Uidsomnn looked on all tho whilo. Ho then robbed him of his monoy, and sot him up against tho trco, as hofore dosenbed. Thoro aro still old mon about Princoton who will romombor this event. It seems almost marvellous that after the lapso of forty years this affair should havo como to light by u death-bod confession, threo thousand milos from tho placo of commission ; and yet it is oven so. 