' THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. Although tho Oliristmas holidays, just past, and those of tho new year, barely oommenced, oooupy last placo in point of timo in tho nows of tho month, they naturally enough present themselves as tho first to bo considered in a summary of news. During the whole of tho past month indications of the season have been plentiful enough, and various'onough in thou* kinds and characters too. Tho first symptom of the speciality of the season presented itself in numberless appeals through the columns of tho papers for help for those who, so far as a Christmas dinner was concerned, were unable to help thomsclvos. Ill-natured people have boen led to fancy that the newspapers, from tho Times downwards, had let out an undue proportion of their ordinary nows columns for tho purposo of making room for a largo influx of paragraph advertisements. AU sorts nt mmook tn fnorl nil IHnrla nf i^annl» (-"/I " prominent feature of every London, andagoodly number of provinoiol newspapers published during Docombor. It' is satisfactory to know that these appeals woro liberally responded to. Feasting was tho order of Christmas Day in all sorts of out-of-the-way places in and around London, and in many instances "that which was left" served admirable purposos on the fol lowing Sunday. "Wherever poor children were to bo found and starving folk congregated, there was abund ance of food gathered together, and tho "Christmas Gambol" and. feast of 18(59 will boar favourable com parison with tho "monier Christmases" of long ago. Ono of thoso Christmas proceedings took an un usual and a pleasant shape. Thero is not a sadder sight in Çhnstendom than the gatos leading to the casual wards of the metropolitan workhouses on a winter's night. Every conceivable form of Í)ovorty-strickon misery crouches round tho dark ooking porches. As a rulo, tho applicants for admission look as though they woro committing a cruelty upon thomsolvos by attempting to prolong their sufferings by seeking shelter. On summer even ings a horrid mockery of merriment and ribald fun is indulged in by tho waiting casuals, but in tho winter, God help thom ! ali thoir wickedness scorns frozen up within them, and thoy creep and- orouoh behind gables and under walls, waiting for the doors to opon, with, a quiet pationco that would bo dangorous wore thoy not so weak and wicked. The Australian Colonies had need bestir themselvo! if they desire to compete with tho United States foi tho surplus labour and capital of Europe. Besides th« unnamed powers and agencies in tho shape of consuli and shipping agents, tho Americans aro bringing inte operation all the inducements Of cheap passages and, sc called, choap land. For some timo past advertisement: have been going the round of the papers, headed " Emigration to America," and intimating that a com bination of American railway companies is being formod to furnish 'cheap and direct passages from Europe to the railway lands of Kansas, Colorado, and Minnesota, situated along the lines of the following railways :-Tho Kansas Paoifio Ballway, the Denver Pacific Railway, and the Lake Superior and Mississippi llailway. These companies offer to European settlors and the public their own lands granted to them by the Government, and representing in tho aggregate Bovoral milhons of nores, at the market price at whioh thoy are offered . to American settlers. Tho advertisement goes on to point out all the advantages attendant upon settle ment in America, and indicates the mode of proco dure that should bo adopted by emigrants. Another advertisement emanating from the "International Land and Labour Agonoy," established by the cele brated Elihu Burritt, infonns the British public that thoro aro over 1000 forms for sale in the United States, in various localities, stretching from Maine to Cali-, fornia, .at prices ranging from £100 to £10,000 oaoh, and on easy terms. Tho State of Virginia has had its claims urged in most, eloquont terms by a special correspondent of tho Daily JYetoa. This gontloman describes Virginia as a very paradise for perBons of limited incomes . and small capital. All tho refinements of a high civi lisation and a polished socioty aro, according to the writer, witliin tho roach of those possessing sufficient capital to purchaso farms, at prices that would be deemod ridiculously high in Australia. All these advertisements and letters and descriptions toll with wondorful effect upon a class that would bo a very valuable ono in Australia, and for tho members of which the latter would bo a far hotter country than America. Unfortunately, with roforence to tho colonies, tho pooplo havo to seek information ; concern ing America, information, true and false, is thrust upon them from all points, and in almost every Bhapo and form. Austraha ceuld well afford to tako a leaf out of Amorica's book in this respect. On Christmas night-it was a cold bitter night for tho ill-olothod and tho ill- fed-tho usual congregation of cadgers and casuals woro turned away from ono of tho workhouses near London. Tho first result of this turning away was a look of ouiious inquiry and incredulity on the part of the paupors. Thoy know their rights pretty well, theso pooplo, and what ever obstructions thoy may meot on thoir way, thoy always feel suro of the shelter of tho casual ward at night; OH the present occasion any doubt thoy may have entertained was soon dissipated. At a public houso opposite somo good soul had provided for those wayfarors, and every casual who ohoso to apply for it that night-and it is wonderful how tho nows spread, and how quiokly and to what an extent tho original numbér was added to-was served with a pint of foam ing "fettled" alo, spiced and sugared to suoh an extent that it kept thoir hearts warm for hours afterwards, and a: ponderous piece of cake that would have pro duced -dyspepsia m any well-rogulated constitution. The recipients, no doubt, soon recovered from any in convenience thoy may have oxporionced. The anniversary of tho shutting of tho gates of Derry ' passed off on December 18 without disturbance of any kind. The previous days had been days of anxiety throughout tho wholo country, for tho interest in tho celebration of tho anniversary had. oxtendod to eveiy part of the island. The crisis was seon to bo a serious one. Two parties were pledged in the most positive manner-the ono to cany out the usual programme, tho other to provont that programmo being camed out. On Friday, Decombor 17, Lundy's effigy was raised to tho top of Walker's Pillar, preparatory to the burning process bf tho monow. Tho excitement wns at its height when a telegram was recoived to the offeot - that the authorities would proteot tho apprentice boys in carrying out their programmo. The excitement increased during the day. A meeting of tho boys was hold in tho ovening, at which Mr. William Johnston M.P., spoke, and recommended thom ta conduct their celebration in an orderly man ner. This advice appoars to have boen adopted, for we loam by telegraph that tho celebration was conducted in tho usual manner. The apprentiae boys, with their, band and crimson banner, marched from the Wall to the Cathedral: The sermon, which inculcated peace and loyalty, was preached by the Eev. Thomas Scott. Tho procession afterwards re-formed' und marchad through the principal stieots, with the band playing and cheering for the Queen at the gatos. A counter deraonstr ation took place in the Bogside, or Roman Oaíholio district, with bands and green flags. The apprentice boys carried out their full programme, in cludiug tue burning of the effigy of Lundy, at Walker's Pillar. The Roman Catholic party burned two offigies in retaliation for tho proceedings of the apprentice boys -ono of Castlereagh, the other of Oliver Cromwell : after which they wero addressed by the Rev. William McLaughlin, the priest of the parish, who said:-"I do not talk of physical force. That has boen depre cated j but, of courso, if physical force was tho ques tion of the day, you have it. Wo cannot forget what, in the days of revolution, France saw ac complished by the physical forco of the people, when in the streets of Paris the populaco throw up their barricades, and swept from power the then rulers of their fair country. And what could you not havo dono in the city to-day ? But my good people, I do not encourage you to take a courso in any way hke that I havo pictured; I do not counsel resort to Ehysical force. But it is worth consideration what you ad tho power to do if you had been driven to it, what you could have wrought on the streets of Dorry if physical violeuco had been your object. We rather mean to carry our object by moral force, tho mighty weapon of tho Liberator." Spite of all tho opposition offered to him-and it has been peculiarly stormy, and of a character not easily overlooked-Dr. Tomplo is Bishop of Exeter. At his consecration remonstrances wero urged and difficulties thrown in tho way, but the ceremony was camed through as though they existed not. Every step in his advancement has been beset with difficulties. "When Mr. Gladstone recommended and the Crown nominated-when the Chapter fulfilled its functions arid elected him, at his confirmation, and when he did homago to royalty, groat was the tribulation of those who feared him. On the 29th of December ho was enthroned, and had such a reception as few ecclesias tics of modern times have had accorded to them. In the course of tho sermon preached by Dr. Temple, reforring to tho Bible, he said : I can read other books which are full of moral wisdom j I can find in them tho loftiest, tho most religious sentiments ; I can find in them tho wisest advice ; but for all that, go whore I will, I never find in any other book that strange power which bows down the soul, whether it will or no, and makes it acknowledge the presence of tho Spirit of God. I read great moralists of ancient days; I am struck with tho religious feelings of Plato. I read groat teachors of tho early Church ; I am struck with tho extraordinary power of insight into divine truth which I find in St. Athanasius and in St. Augustine, but still there is wanting in them, whenever I read them, this ono thing, which marks tho Bible out from every other book that has beon written : that this book, and this book alone, seems to realise that description which is given of the teaching of our Lord -í Ho spoke with authority and not as the Scribes.' " We trust the festivities of the season will not inter fere with the usual woekly meeting of "gentlemen interested in tho Colonies," which is due to- morrow, at the Cannon-street Hotel. We should much like to know what Mr. Youle and his friends now think of the part they have played without interference for the last four months, as oracles which tho British Govern ment wns bound to heed on all colonial subjects. We know now what is thought of them in the great colonies. When the news of their sayings and doings reached Australia, they seemed, as the Sydney Empire tolls us, too ridiculous for belief. But while in New Souih Wales tho affair was " only laughed at," in Victoria it has been taken up more seriously, and reso lutions denouncing the proposal as an impudent inter ference have been submitted to the Assembly. Sinco then both Ministers <and Opposition in New South Wales have repudiated tho proposed Con ference, and tho movers in it have beon blamed as " presumptuous busybodies." Our readers will aoknowledgo that this is the kind of reception of tho proposal that we prepared them to expect, at a time when an influential contemporary was declaring that tho suggestion of a Conference on colonial affairs constituted a "new epoch" in the history of the Empire. We may hope that those gentlemen will henceforth occupy their leisure in some other way, and leave tho Colonial Office and the colonies alone. At any rate, thus ends the most factitious agitation over adventured in England. -Daily If etas. According to a correspondent of tho New Free Press of Vienna, a scene of on extraordinary character has already occurred in tho Council. In one of tho sittings, a Croatian Bishop roso to propose that the paragraph in the artiolo as to the dispatch of business, imposed by tho Popo, whioh renders it necessary for every resolu tion to bo submitted td a special commission before it can bo discussed by tho Council, should bo simply struck out. Ho brought forward sovoral weighty argumonts in support of his motion, but as soon as he began to wann with his speech Cardinal do Luoa, who presided, interrupted him, and on his continuing his address rang tho boU violently. Cardinal Simor, tho Primate of Hungary, roso to support his South Slavo nian colleague, but he too Avas silenced by the Cardinal's boll. On seeing this, Msgnr. Dupanloup, tho Bishop of Orleans, seizod his hat in great anger and loft tho hall, followed by sovoral of his countrymen. Tho fact that throe nations wore concerned in the matter has mado an unpleasant impression on tho Vatican. Daily News, 27th December. In little more than seven years-namely, since June 1, 18G2-there have boen 4091 conveyances, &o.;, by the Landed Estates Court of Iroland registered in tho Registry of Deeds Office, Dublin, and 18 conveyances by tho Encumbered Estates Commissioners have been registered. There have also boon registered -35 declara tions of title by the Landed Estates Court, and 350 memorials of recorded ownership under the Act of 1865 for recording titles. Tho choiilatioii of street ballads glorifying tho mur der of landlords is a growing evil. They aro generally printed in Dublin, and sent to the provinces, and they aro sometimes to be heard within a short distance of the Castle. Ono of the most recent, entitled " Rory of the Hill," sings the praise of " The boys of Tip," tolls thom to keon their powder dry for cruel landlords, and in one of tho versos says: A bael agent anti landlord I cannot bear them still, I'd glvo thom all what Bakor got-said Kory of the Hill. Tho county Monaghan Grand Orango Lodge have publishod, with approval of the Grand Lodge of Ireland, resolutions thanking tho Conservative electors of Tipporory for standing aloof at the recent oloction, and allowing tho Fenians and other opponents of tho Government to scout tho Government candidate, and elect mon of their choice, thereby oxprossing disgust at the general conduct of their rule, and tho fail uro of the concessions to the disloyal of tho land in bring ing poaco to Iroland. At ton minutes before 9 o'clock on tho morning of December 14, four men entered the shop of Mr. Dowling, gunsmith, Doine-street, Dublin, and one presented a revolver at an apjprontico behind the counter, saying that if he made an alarm he woidd be shot. Another Elaced a shutter across the door leading to the dwolling ouse. The two shop boys screamed, and Mr. Dow ling, who was aft breakfast, came down stairs, and, stumbling over the shutter, asked what all the noise was about. Ono of tho party levelled his revolver and fired, saying, "That's it." Dowling was not hurt. Finding tho alarm given tho mon wont away. At tho door ono of thom fired again, but -without effect. The fourth man had a carpet bag. They escaped down Eustace street, giving a cheer. In half an hour afterwards tho .shop of Mr. Parkinson, gunsmith, Arranquay, was ontered by four- men, apparently tho same persons, and a similar scene occurred.. The porter, leaving the shop to raiso an alarm, was fired at, but missed. Mr. Par kinson, hearing tho noiso, carno down and was fired at Without effect. Ho wont into tho hall for assistance, and the party escaped, throo of them getting into a. cah waiting for them in tho lane. Tho police were informed of tho occurrence, but no arrests have been made. "Wo have heard¿ says tho Pall Mall Gazette, of a-most mysterious and disagreeable occurrence at tho Tower of London which is enough to set the nerves of tho whole nation on edge. For some days, or rather nights, past the shadow of an axe has appeared on one of tho walls of tho building. The shadow mado its last appearance, unless wo are misinformed, in 1848, but what it has been doing since that timo v e cannot say. There is no sliynoss whatever about it LOW ; it does not object to be stared at, and excites the curiosity of all who have the privilege, if not the pleas*ire, of inspecting it. A cor respondent of the same naper, who signs " P." has since written the following fetter : I am glad to perceive that tho Tower of London, respectable old edifice as it Hf still keeps its ghost, aa all venerable buildings should do. You aro perhaps not aware that ono of tho best authenticated ghost stories of this century belongs to that fortress, and I make no excuse for telling it to you at this season, as a Christmas ghost story is traditionally allowable. Mr. Edmund Lenthal Swifte, who is still living, was in 1817 keeper of tho Crown jewels hi tho Tower of London. He lived in tho jewel house, and on a certain Saturday night in October, 1817, was in his sitting- L*oom. The door was I closed, the windows shut, and heavy curtains excluded the air. It was about midnight, Two candles wero on the tablo. The rest I give in his own published wofdB: " I s*at at the foot of the tahlo, my son on my right hand, his mother fronting tho chimnoy-piece, and her sister on the opposite side. I had offered a glass of wine and water to my wife, when, on putting it to her lips, she paused and exclaimed, ' Good God, what is that ?' I looked up, and saw a cylindrical figuro like a glass tube, seemingly about tho thickness of my arm, and hovering between tho ceiling and the tablo. Its contents appeared to be a dense fluid, white and pale azure, like to the gathering of a summer cloud, and incessantly rolling and mingling within tho cylinder. This lasted about two w limites, when it began slowly to move before my sister-in-law, -then following the oblong shape of the table before my son and myself ; passing behind my wife it paused for a moment over her right shoulder (observe there was ' no mirror opposite to her in which she could tíen behold it). Instantly she crouched down, and, with both hands covering her shoulder, she shrieked out, ' Oh, Christ ! It has siezed me.' Even now, while writing, I.feel the fresh horror of that moment. I caught up my choir, struck at the wainscot behind her, rushed upstairs to tho other children's room and told the terrified .nurse what I had seen. . . . . . Neither my sister-in-law nor my son beheld this ap Eearance. ... I am bound to add that shortly efore this strange event some young lady residents in the Tower had been, I know not wherefore, suspected of making phantasmagorical experiments at their win dows, which, be it observed, had no command what ever on any windows in my dwelling. An additional sentry was accordingly posted so as to overlook any such attempt. Happening, however, as it might, fol lowing hard at heel the visitation of my household, one of the night sentries at the jewel office was,-as he said, alarmed by a figure like a huge bear issiung from underneath tho door. He thrust at it with his bayonet, which stuck in the door, even os my chair dinted the wainscot. He dropped in a fit and was carried senseless to the guard-room. His fellow sentry declared that the man was neither asleep nor drunk, ho himself having seen him the moment before awake and sober. Of all this I avouch notliing more than that I saw tho poor man in the guardhouse prostrate with terror, and that in two or three days the fatal result, be it of fact or fancy, was that ho died." To this it is only necessary to add that tho boy was seven years old. He did not see the ghost. The sister-in-law likewise did not seo it, and attributed it to tho joint hallucination of her sister and brother-in-law. Tho soldier died, as stated, whether after trial by court martial, as recorded by Dr. Gregory in his " Letters on Animal Magnetism," or not, I do not know. Dr. Gregory received his account from Sir David Brewster, and it is incorrect in many particulars, or rather it differs from Mi*. Swifte's, which was the result of per sonal experience. Tho Pall Mall Gazette, of a subsequent elate, accounts for the mystery of tho axo. A correspondent of that journal says:-"Thero is, it seems, in ono of tho towers of that fortress a peculiar old loophole, some what resembling in ^ shapo tho capital letter T with tho arms shortened; this loophole is m the wall of a closet, outside which there is another wall. "When tho outer wall is in shadow, and the gas lighted in tho .closet, a light is thrown on to the outer wall through the loop hole, whioh from its peculiar shape makes tho thrown ight bear a resemblance to a battlo-axe." The Civil Tribuhal of Orleans has given judgment in suit brought by M. Gillion, a jeweller of that oity, against tho Princess Isabella Fernanda of Bourbon, Infanta-of Spain, and against tho ex-Queen Isabella, her sister-in- law, and against the French Minister of the Interior, under the following circumstances:-In 1860, tho Princess Isabella Fernanda arrived at Orleans to place her three cliildren to be educated, the boy at tho Petit-Seminairo and tho two girls at the Convent of the Sacro-Coour. Her royal highness _ at first alighted at an hotel, but afterwards, on the invitation of tho Minister of the Interior, removed to tho grand apartments of tho Prefecture, whero balls aud other fetes were given in hoi* honour. On the observation of the princess that, not oxpecting to bo received with such honour, sho had not brought with her any jewels, and consequently could not appeal* in a state befitting ber rank, tho prefect requested M. Gillum to submit to her royal highness his stock of wares. The tradosman was quito unacquainted with the princess and her position ; but, confiding in the recommenda- 1 tion of tho functionary, ho allowed her to select I differont articles to tho amout of 11,712 francs, in addi- i tion to a suite of pearls and amethysts, valued àt G000 I francs, and.which, requiring some alterations, were ¡ afterwards forwarded through tho Spanish consul at : Bayonne; according to instructions from tho Minister of Foreign Affairs at Madrid. Tho Infanta was to pay for tho jewels af tor hor return homo, but tho drafts of M. Gillion were returned dishonoured, and ho after wards found that she was hopelessly insolvent, having onormous debts, whilo her solo re sources consisted of an allowance from the treasury, but which is not liable to seizure by creditors. Her reputation in Madrid, was, bosidos, such that sho could not obtain credit for any article of the most insignifi cant value. M. Gillion consequently brought the present'' notion to recover the 11,712 franos from tho princess, jointly with ' the French Minister of tho Interior, on tho ground that ho, tho jeweller, had boon solely induced to supply tho articles by tho invitation of tho prefect, and by the attentions Bhown to tho princess in accordance with instructions from tho minister ; tho 0000 francs wore claimed from tho Queen because tho jewels were forwarded through her majesty's diplomatic agouts. The court rejected tho I demand against tho French Munster and tho queen, but condemned tho Infanto Isabella Fornanda to pay tho sum of 11,712 francs with interest and costs. An outrage at Ballcumber, in tho King's County where the ruffians who searched a Mr. O'Connors house for arms ended by deliberately cutting ok tho greater part of tho gentleman's nose, is headed by ' tho Evening Mail, " Gradual Growth of Barbarism in Ireland." Tho conduct of a servant who escaped from the house and conveyed tho intelligence of tho attack to a neighbouring gentleman is much praised. Mr. Bailey and his two sons immediately carno to tho scono togothor with a friend, with six loaded weapons ; omi on the eldest son, Christopher Bailey, jumping tho ditch bounding the lawn of Moorook Lodge, ho mot the seven mon. Six ran ; ho closed on the seventh, shout ing to his father that they were there. Tho ruffian endeavoured to draw his revolver, but Bailey swore he would shoot him if ho stirred, On the moment his father came up ; and, though the fellow had tho revol ver onhis aim, young Bailey trippedhimup, and putting his knee oh him, tooktho revolver fromhim, andcarried him up prisoner to tho house. Tho handkerchief that ho had round Iiis face to disguise him was in his pocket. He was made to put it on, and at once Mrs. O'Connor recognised him as ono of those who put a pistol to her head, and this he himself admitted to bo the caso. Ho says ho carno from a distancé of twelve miles off, and was forced to join the party. A second arrest has since been made of a man who has been fully identified by Mr. O'Connor. An attempt has been made to repre sent thc occurrence as accidental and greatly exagge rated, but the statement is unfounded. Tho outrage was deliberately committed. One of tho party soized Mr. O'Connor by the nose, and with a knife- hacked it almost off, together with a piece of his lip. Ho had his hands severely cut in attempting to protect himsolf. A vory sad accident is reported from Sheorness. During tho gale tho. waves dashed into a bargo lying off Grain Spit with such fury as to put out tho cabin fire, and ondanger tho sinking of tho barge. Tho mastor, Charles Chapman, who had his sister and fivo children on board, determined to got into a small boat. They did so, and tho wholo of tho children wore drowned. Chapman and his sister were saved by the smack Emblem. ? Tho childron drowned wore- Charlos, aged 13 ; Charles Albort, aged 10 ; Alico, aged oight; Alfred, aged five ; and James, aged three yearB. Tho mother of theso childron was drowned in August, 1868. An extraordinary deatli by drowning occurred in tbe River 'Mersey on December 7. Thomas Boll's, a young man residing at Tranmere, was in a Bmall boat, in company with Samuel Jones, mate of tho Anna Appock schooner, which was lying in tho river. They intended lo go' to tho schooner and pass the night thero, but in crossing Tranmere slip, where the current is very strong, the boat capsized. Jones, who is a good swimmer, would have been ablo to save his Mend, but Bellis's dog, which had accompanied them in the boat, got on his master's back, and overy timo Jones stretched out his hand to support Bellis the dog flew at him savagoly and bit him. Tho result was that Bellis was drowned. A colliery accident has occurred at tho "Waterloo' Pit, belonging to the Plaskynaston Colliery Com pany. Eight men were being drawn up by a carrier over an upcast, when tho carrier came in contact with some projection, which caused it to turn on ono side. The movement had tho effect of throwing out three out of tho eight persons. A fireman named " Henry Bradley was pitched headlong down to the bottom of tho shaft, a distance of 140 feet, and lulled on the spot. Tho underground manager of the . colliery, Mr. Sampson Garnside, was thrown out, but succeeded in laying hold of the steam pipo, by the aid of which ho slid to tho bottom. The third man who was thrown out succeeded also in laying hold of tho pipo, and clung to it until tho carrier .was stoppod.-Two men wero killed on December 6 by a fall down a pit, ¿00 yards deep, at tho Vochrew coal pits, near Dowlais. Alad, named Hono, 15 years of ago, tho son of a . clorgyman, drowned himself in tho. Cherwell, at Oxford, a day or two ugo. His father gave him an oxcollent character, and his twin brother, who went to-school with him, said -that ho was nover throntenod with punishment at school, but it appeared that he was ofton dull and depressed, and had great difficulty sometimes in preparing his work. He left tho follow ing lotter addressed to his brother:-"Darling Brothel*,-I feel that my life will only bo a burden . to mo and my poronts if I livo any longer. It ÍB all right. I. hope soon to bo in Heaven. Don't trouble about mo ; I will soon seo all your happy faces again with tho angels in Heaven. I quickly conunit. myself to God, in tho hopo that.I shall soon be with > Him.-I remain, your dear brother, JOHN." Tho Coroner's jury found that tho poor boy was insane; : - ' I In tho afternoon of December 17 a terrific explosion occurred at tho gunpowder works of Messrs. Curtis ; and Harvey, at Hatton, near Hounslow, by which, threo workmen, named Hedges, Walters, and Rutter, wore killed. . They wore all at work in a corning houso, whore the oxplosion occurred. It was com- '. plotoly dostroyed, tho machinery and other contents having been scattored in all directions. Hedges had worked at tho mills almost all his life, and lcavos a largo family to lament their loss. Walters was a married man. The shock was felt for milos around, and tho scene at tho gates shortly after tho explosion was heartrending. Dr. Lundy, j of Feltham, attended in loss than ten minutos after the explosion, and shortly afterwards other Burgeons I of tho neighbourhood carno to offer their assistance. ! The last explosion that occurred at the Hutton* j mills was about ton years ago, and until recently the inhabitants of tho neighbourhood "were of opinion that these works wero quite safo, as it was believed ' ' that it. was simply greon charges that wero worked to being romovod to tho Haworth mills to undergo - corning and finishing. As usual, the explosion can not be accounted for. At tho inquest the jury, a-^r. a short consultation, returned'a verdict "that thc, deceased men died from- tho effects received from an. j explosion of gunpowder, and mortal effects of in 1 juries that their deaths were accidental." 