GOVERNESSES. The most frequent complaint of the ladies who give prominence to their grievances, and of the gentlemen who advocate their claims, turns on the fact that educated gentlewomen have hardly any other pro. fession than that of teaching. And, notwithstanding tile small encroachments made by the one sex upon the professions of the other, the advertisement columns of the daily papers attest the general truth of the assertion. To judge by these, everyothei lady from tile age of eighteen to forty is consumed by a burning zeal to instruct children and young ladies. Where there is such an ample announcement of educational materials, one naturally supposes that there has been a corresponding preparation in working them up for use. One naturally loves to ponder on the hard and deep study by which the female youth of England is qualifying itself to indoctrinate the female youth of a coming generation with the elements of polite and useful knowledge. One fancies in one's own mind the pale and elegant female student retiring to lher school- room and her books; storing her mind with the contents of innumerable authors, now enrich ing it with historical knowledge, and now strengthen ing it with philosophical lore. One fancies her varying the labour of domestic study by occasional visits to the lecture-room, and confirming the lessons of her books by the instructions of living oracles. While a pleasant admiration of female industry and intelli gence thus warms his mind, the complacent father of young daughlters decides on engaging a governess. The opportunities of doing so are innumerable. Either private negotiation or an official agency supplies them in abundance. Distrust of his -own discernment, or of his ability to bow out any young lady who seems resolutely bent on educating his children, induces him to try the agency. He there sees a ladylike and businesslike person, who asks his requirements and promises to meet them. The next day his door resounds with tile successive knocks of competing and self-confident young women. In they walk, of all heights, breadths, and dresses. First, a flaunting chit, with a cock's feather in tier hat and a defiant glance in her eye, pronounces herself at once equal to the whole course of an English education. Her only weak point, a.cording to her own account, is her ignorance of English, of which she appears to have read nothing since she left school. To compensate for this defect she has a valuable acquaintance with Freneh, which, witl collateral acquirements, she has pickedaup in the cheaper boarding-houses of Paris and Tours. Thou she has learned singing under Madame Squallini, and the piano under M. Frappefort, together with a self-possession of manner which rather dismays Pater familias. Fortunately the knocks at the door come to his rescue, and the entrance of another apostle of education puts an end to an interview which was be ginning to be oppressive. The new visitor is quite a contrast to her predecessor. She is easy, composed, somewhat reserved, and very patronisitfg. She takes her seat with something like a resigned air, as if she knew she was intended for better things. She lets liher interrogator know at once-by manner rather than by words-that she is a person of eminently genteel antecedents; that her mutlher is very fastidious, and her uncle a swell. But as she too plainly implies that teaching is a condescension on her part, site is finally bowed out with a promise that she " shall hear again." Then enters a young-looking thing, with gaiety and vulgarity struggling for mastery in every gesture, feature, and attitude. When she does not laugh, she giggles. Every answer is half a giggle. She looks upon the whole proceeding, on her own profession and everything connected with it, as a joke. Can she teach , "Oh yesi" and she laughs. Has she taught before "Oh yes!" and she laughs again. Has she taught much " Oh no; not much!" and here she laughs. What has she taught? "Oh, French and English." Here anotlhergiggle. What French? "Oh, the grammar." Anything moreP "Oh yes, La Fon taine's Fables." Anything else? " No!" and here sehe necessarilygiggles. WhntEnelieh? "Oh,MHangnall, Mrs. Markham, and Blair's Sermons, and the Spec tator." Is she strong in arithmetic ? " Oh no!" and here she fairly explodes, as if the mere suggestion of knowing arithmetie well was really too good a joke. Is she aufail at history? Could she set questions on tile leading events of English history ? " With a book, yes; but without a book, she fears, not. But slhe will try." On this sihe goes ofintoa fit of hilarity. Finally she retires, as she probably expected, without being engaged. The lady who is finally selected obtains the preference rather for her negative than her positive qualifications. She is not learned, nor clever, but neither is she bold, hoydenish, or offensive. After the work of instruction has continued for a month, the father proceeds to inquire into its conduct and results. He than fluds that the ignorance of the teacher is something incredible; that she can teach by rote, or with lher books at hand; but that every question put by an intelligent child as to the why and wiherefore of rules given, or the meaning of terms used, is met by professions of ignorance or equivocating evasions. In many cases this is not the worst. The mind of the governess is often as vacant as that of the pupil, while it is a good deal less active and in quiring. Moreover, it has been dulled into listless ness by the pressure of poverty, dependence, and routine. It has, therefore, been forced to take refuge in tile excitement of small gossip and petty scandals; and the influence of such associations is felt in the daily conversations be tween pupil and teacher. Sometimes it is found that the governess has been amusing her pupil with anecdotes of her serrvant's ignorance or misconduct; at other times, ghost stories and other appeals to the superstitious sentiment are the subjects of her comn munietions. And it is not seldom a matter of con gratulation that she has at least forborne from en lightening the child's mind on matters of love-making and elopement. A more frequent and innocent topic of self-complacent exposition is the prosperity of former days, the state in which her father lived, the servants and horses which lie kept, and the friends whom hlie entertained. Between the abundance of talk and tile dearth of instruction, the child grows up without knowledge of any one of the subjects on which a lady ought to have some information, and ineapable of talking rationally on anything except dress, dan cine, and perhaps music. She grows up also familiar with silly gossip, low notions, narrow views, and vulgar prejudices. To this miserable pretence of education we owe that annual crop of pretty and full-blown dolls, with bright eyes and complexions, buxom figures and rich dresses, who talk slang with fast men, frighten all reasonable men, and finally marry grooms, spendthrifte, or loosieh habilter of the Stock Exchange. We are speaking here of the average run of the governesses who train tile children of middle-claes parents, and who are known only through the medium of agencies and advertisements. These ladies have no quoalification, because they have had no education, for the duties which they profess to undertake. In deed we believe that the managers of the more re spectable agencies are sometimes startled by the naive repudiation of all knowledge of their profession on the part of the young ladies who seek pupils. Their ideal is just as low as their attained standard of quali fication. It is not unusual, we believe, for one of these candidates to premise her application somewhat in this way:-" Oh, Mrs. Blank, I have not been out before, and I don't wish papa to know that I am looking for a situation; but I want to earn a little pocket-money, and I should not mind taking a pupil or two for a couple of hours in the day." It is un necessary to say that no respectable agency office would recommend a candidate of this kind. But probably they do manage to obtain situations, and it is easy to foretell the results to any child who is brought into daily contact with a teacher who combines pretension with prevarication. Even some of the better samples of the second order of governesses are not above despising the work which they undertake, and descend to the sub torfuge of concealing their occupation from their inti. mate friends. We believe it sometimes happens that young ladies spoilt by this false shame and scorn of an honest occupation meet and commence an acquaint ance at Bath, Brighton, or Cheltenham, under the mutual delusion that each has an independent fortune. The acquaintance ripens into intimacy, with tie hope of being afterwards continued in London. They do meet in London, but it is at a fashionable school agency, and each is reveal q .the other as depend ing on her own exertions or hb aily bread. From that moment mutual respect vanishes. Each hates tie other for a simulation of which both are guilty; and each despises the other for being of the same pro fession as herself. What can young girls be expected to turn out, after having been trained by teachers such as these P Yet tile average course of middle-class education is conducted under such auspices. And such the teachers will continue to be until teaching is forbidden as a profession to all ladies who cannot pro duce some authoritative certificate of aptitude and preparation.-Saturday Beoietw. 