REVIEW. THE SUGAR CANE IN AUSTRALIA. No. 12. f concluded.! I AM but a novice in the art of reviewing, and such being the case I write subject to correc tion, feeling conscious that I taay be wrong in the opinions I express. I start with the assumption that the editor or compiler of any work has. or is supposed to have, some special knowledge of the subject or subjects on which that work treats. Especi ally with regard to an elementary work on amy buieuec, tue cooiuu » uccjj ij nui&cu; luiv the textnre of public opinion that the editor should be well verted in the first principles of that science, and able at a glance to distin guish truth from error. We often judge of the moral and intellectual status of a man by what we know of the characteristics of the company which he keeps, and by the same train of men tal association we form an opinion of the cast of mind and special pursuits of an editor, by the nature of the works he ushers into the world. A young man of the genuine ' serious' type is not likely to edit a sensational highly spiced novel of the ' period,' nor is a sage and reverend doctor of divinity expected to write a commentary on Pierce Egan's ' Boxiana.'' The association would be incongruous, and wowld shake the reading world with a roar of laugh ter. Figuratively speaking, an editor is incor porated or bound up with his own work^ and in the case of a compilation, like the volume in question, he is supposed to hold the office of referee, and consequently able to decide ©a the relative merits of disputed points, and all ques tions at issue. In the numberless instances where opinions clash, and the battle ' xages loud and long,' and each side claims the vir* tory, the editor or referee ought to step in, ard give his decision, and not, leave it entirely an open question perplexing and bewildering to the reader. It appears to .me that unless the compiler of a velume be qualified to fill this onerous post, that he had better not rncdillc in tte 'manufacture of compeiidiuuis. For if u \- compiler has DO decided views of his own, or it' through inexperience his opinions are of no Value, then hemaybe an .editor in the letter, but not ill spirit. If, to bear the name and fill the station of an editor or compiler of a ?work, it be merely requisite to collect a num ber of essays, and fragmentary scraps from sundry newspapers, and bind them together in a neat volume,, why, any industrious idiot could *Jo that, and I am clean out in my estimate Respecting the qualifications necessary to con stitute an editor proper. But I am inclined to -believe that very few of your readers will rate :aa editor's duties at this low standard, but 'coincide with me that he ought to be able to give a definite opinion on disputed questions, ?on any subject within liis range,. Whether that ' subject be the first principles of cane-growing, ? 'or ah elementary work on ' knitting, netting, 4jp-&nd; crochet' for the edification of young ladies. In short, that if he throw down a mass of good fend bad coins, for pnblic acceptance, he is in duty bound to say which he thinks has the Sing -of 'the metal true,' in contradistinction to the ' Brummagem.' And I believe that the 'compiler of a work of instruction ought to pro -c£ed with great caution, and be very careful 'what matter he selects to form the staple of hie volume. For as In chemistry so it is with creeds and systems ; in the one, .incompatible 'substances neutralise each other, and form a 'worthless or a totally different compound; so Sn the other do positive contradictions stultify ?each other, and render,, the whole mass of evi dence valueless ; and as the neophyte ponders 'in perplexity over the conflicting testimony ?that he meets on the very threshold of the science he is about to engage on, he is likely to' be disgusted at the outset, and throw ^ownhis handbook in despair, and consign all theiearhedprofessors who figure in it to the ''blind - caves: of ; eternal night.' I hold the 'compiler of a work to be. moially responsible for ~ its contents, looking upon the matter from another point of view. In this lights- correspondence , that might have lived fora fewdays in: the agricultural columns of a newspy-er, and then have finally died- ont, is Sprinted -and embodied in a comparatively permanent form by the speculative and ingeni v, 'ous cooqipiler. -This correspondence, that would HI ihave ;b5rne 7 but' little weight as it originally K^ppeiued in its detached form, is as it were f ?endoiBed bv the countersign of the compiler, ' \- Hebreathes new life into the lungs of the Mantling, who -without his help would have €aUea3ike the ephemeron of a summer's day.* . - I ^ilt take it;for granted that in -this exor Vlium'I J^yeestablished the groundwork of my propositions, and upon that presumption freely ? notice how and 'where Mr.Mackay.'s work, if weighedin the balance and judged on 'its own j merits, respecting its value as a work of reference specially adapted for the instruction x-f intending cane growers, .will decidedly be , fourid'wanting. In this place 1 may as well introduction to this series of apapens ils^idthat *' the public wanted a hand ? book on sugar-growiug, and that Mr. Mackay %ad done his best -to meet that want' — or ^something to that effect. I am compelled to retract or.- at least materially qualify, that %tatement, for I think that had he exercised \- more care in his province as a compiler, and displayed more -independent judgment in ex poSing- palpable ^surdities, he would have done mnch&etter.; iJsMiie:fir8t place, it is a failure as a -work of *efet-nc^ forthere is so. much conflicting testi- 1 mony that 'S iovicsej with a mind free from all - impressions on the subject, would, after care '?fully reading the .essays, be as thoroughly! puzzled -on which -side to turn, as the ass in i 4he,£able was perplexed even to. starvation be- i fevsen tyobundlesof hay. A positive asser- i trionln one page is met 'by an equally positive j i ^contradiction in-the next, and the editor's ? :tani^r6beds Jio light ih'the chaotic darkness. 2n £his ifia^yiiidifEerence lie reminds one of the traditional Shopman who was exhibiting ja ^grtfnd tebleau pfKingNebuchadnezzar grazing tvilAiithe ierd -of cattle. One of ' the audience, through spme artistic defect, being unable to ^tm^ishthe'king from the 'other' beasts, «n-j[uil£(l whichwas his Majesty? to which -qaeb£i0n IfoVacc&mmodating; proprietor replied, *,3S3ujMbfiv^j'Ott3ike- my dear— you pays your ' ^j^|j^nd^onilMke8 your -&oice.;' sbecondly, rnal apropos selections, and serious blunders Jin -the .estimates . of outlay on pre ^-fti|fa&Cii;£d: planting Jand, greatly tend to * ©ufiifyvtije - valae^bfthe work. If the editor Stad^eiyiSBd-ljaodgrate- .thought' he -would ^^Jli^rtel^lTabbish of P .A. Bell's, Vhferdn ii^'congratalates us on beingfree from tt^£uiw|& tol6j^ iab0r. There is as much grimluo&y; 4n thfe panegyric as there would be' in complimenting A Consumptive ^patient on , 'thfe becta'c^ush in lis cheek.* Neither would 'that mass of blunders -i n the calculations of the J^ew iBouth Scales jgro^ers 'have passed muster If Mr.&Eackay;'had properly revised his proof eheete. . 'Lastly, thework is on' too large -a scale to fetand^ a chance of becoming popular, for it t»nWnBinatter in which not one in a thousand bas£ ot ever ^will have, any interest. Very few \roflld read ' ? « lengthy chapter on the Appfeximate analysi8 of saccharine matters,' tir one on'the^' Apparatus of Derosne, Billieux, ?Sc.^* ^d .-*rhat are the planters of Queens land toiSo withbeel-ioot sugar, and those in- 1 ?effiable luxuries ° jajing ' and ' ineera.' With Ihw^iandthe North American maple sugar, ire as much concerned as we are with the J-ro^apiapjaj»f ' Iceland Moss.'' . J^thiBjhigh pressure age the ordinary run of agriculturists ..can hardly expect to become ^l^J|%icycl6peaias, filled to the brim, and toveS&omtig;, with saccharine lore. They want a cbeapandreliablework on the best method i of growing sugar cane, and manufacturing isugaiv and a well- arranged half-crown pam phlet might ianswer the purpose better than 'tins ten«hilling volume. \- )h p≥ .114 the editor makes a sort of -;left-handed ' apology for his work, and the . bare fallen in there a^identa^t for it hss no apparent connection ginattfer preceding or following. As \- .the paragraph in 'question forms a choice *pecimen«f ^fallaOioiiB reasoning, 1 will quote , it- rlt tj^gins on false premises and ends in ] equally false conclusions. Mr. Mackay savs— ] ?'Ihgiving a description of sugar cultivation And manufacture by the various growers and \- makere, there is a great deal o.f repetition, but thi»t oggbt' to be a sufficient guarantee to g the intending grower and maker that what every body says must be true, therefore he will bp eafe in following jtheir advice until he can give {get?) better.1 ' Forthe siee of it, this quotation is full of fallacies as a certain place is said to be full of lawyers. In the first place it is not the ! . repetition bnt the ever-flowing stream of con tradiction that bewilders the . reader. Se condly, ' What everybody sayfi must be true,' is an &iom; more popiilar than true. Once , upon a time 'everybody ' believed in the divine right of kings, in ghosts, in witchcraft, and 'in the personal appearance of the devil himself on special occasions; and if 'we, ' t whose lamps are lighted,' are a little in ad ' vance of that dark era, we must not flatter ourselves that the belief of 'everybody' on any : subject comprises the entire truth, and nothing but thfe truth. Thirdly, ' He will be Safe in following their advice until he can get \- better.' .There are grave .doubts about this proposition ; for, if an invalid, who might be faraway from a medical man, stumbled upon sundry bottles of draughts and mixtures, and a passer by advised the sick man to swallow any of the] potions on speculation, he would Iscarccly be safe in following that advice ' until he could get better.' And now for a word or two on my own be jhalf, and then hereafter hold my peace ; or, to I prefer the simple vernacular, ' dry up.' It has bean , said that my remarks were too .b%rsh^ more especially to Mr, Scott, o&Account; of hiaage. I have no personal knowledge of that worthy veterap, and war not against in dividuals, but against systems. I do not con sider that age ought to pass current as a pass port for the introduction of error, and I hold that if .false dpctriQes.be preached, either from the pulpit or from the Queemlander office, that the quickeP the author be brought up with a ' round turn' the better for the community at laEge,,wgre he as old as Methuselah. * This simile -.is not .intended to apply to the ' PolyneBfofa iquestion' in the abstract, but {aereljrto itfe argument in re Bell, As tbese papers have been written in odd snatches of time, 'in season and out of sea son,' and sometimes amidst the music of small children, which music is not of the spheres, but rather of 'tedlam and an infant school, and not exactly favorable to study and mental equanimity, I can therefore plead ' extenuat ing circumstances ' in palliation of all defects. I have said little or nothing abotit siigar making, for the simple but potent reason, that 1 know nothing at all about it. I had a seri ous notion of framing some plausible excuse for this omission, but perhaps it is better to cut with the truth. Besides, as Martin Tupper, the king of modem philosophers, says — '? The first 6tep to knowledge is a thorough conscious- I ness of your own ignorance' — I can, by the \ free admission I have made, flaitter myself that I am on the high road to the Temple of Wisdom. Upper Mary, Nov. 8. j 