NO. 1.-TWO-HORSE RAILWAY HORSE POWER, WITH THRESHER AND SHAKER. The Railway Horse-Power. THE acompanying cuts and description, represent a very effective thresher and shaker, worked by what is known as the " Railway Horse-power," and manufactured by Mr. W. G. Ainsworth, of York-street. The machine has been well tried, and is one of those useful inventions which can be fitted with a patent cleaner as well NO. 2.-RAILWAV HORSE POWER AND IMl'HOVED l'Aï'ENT T HKESHEK AND CLEANEH. as the thresher ; and so the farmer can by a single operation have his wheat turned out ready for the miller. The two-horse machine (No. 1) is worked by three to five hands and two horses and threshes and separates from tho straw from 200 to 300 bushels of wheat, or twice as many oats, per day, The whole machine-power thresher, and shaker is transportable on an ordinary two-horse waggon, or on a pair of wheels and axles. "VVoight 2155 pounds. In its double and most useful capacity, tho combined thresher and eleanor, (as shown in out 2), has been improved by a cutting shoo in two parts and shaking it in opposite directions, thereby enabling it to bo used on truck or waggon. Tho cylinder is fourteen by thirtv-four inches. It has sieves, inado of sheot iron, thirty-four by forty inches, and an iron-tooth revolving ra ko, for separating and carrying away tho straw, dis pensing with tho ordinary endless chain slat rake, as used by nearly all largo machines ; it has capacity for threshing and cleaning from fifteen to sixty bushels wheat, rye, or barloy, and twice that quantity of oats per hour. Tho railway horso-power, whon worked by a couple of horses is found to be very cfTcctivo, and to get through ita work remarkably well, without taxing the strength of the horses to any serious extent ; and the lightness and portability of the wholo machine, aro such as to commend it, especially to large farmers in the interior, or speculators who would employ it in going through a district, doing tho work of tho small agricul turists. Some years baok, ono of these treadle horse powers, worked by one horse, was employed cutting chaff at the establishment of a hay and corn dealer in Elizabeth-street, Melbourne ; and somo exceeding particular persons informed against the proprietor for cruelty to animals ; but when the magistrates saw tho thing at work, and noticed that the horse was eating quietly as ho worked, and looked extremely well, they wouldn't liston to any moro about the cruelty, and dis missed tho information. Tho following rules for guidance of purchasers will bo found to contain all requisitej>artioulars : 1\. Seo that the joint bolts of tho frame are all properly sorowed up at all timos. 2\. The machines hoing also constructed that they may bo used on either the right or left hand side of the horse-power, the pulleys, the crank, and the tabla boards may bo put on tho right or left hand side of the machine, as circumstances require. 3\. There are two pulleys for the thresher, viz : a 24 inch, iron rim pulley for the crank, and n 44-inch iron one for the oylindor. " Both pulleys must bo on the same side of the machine. Tho 24-inoh pulley- is driven by the same belt that drives the oylindor ; tho lower or roturning sido of tho belt passes over this pulley, niter loaving tho oylindor pulley, on its way back to tho horse-power. 4\. The 4A-inch or cylinder pul ley has a hub with a spring pall ; this hub with its latch may bo placed on either ond of the cylinder shaft, and the pall must bo turned so as to catch tho notch of the pul ley when tho pulley turns for ward, but slip over tho notch when tho pulley turns backwards. The shaft in this pulley must booiled as ofton ns the other parts of the machine. 5\. Adjust the cylinder so as not to chafe against the framo of the machine, and also so that its teeth will pasa exaotly in tho centre be tween the tooth of the concave. Tho cylinder boxes may bo moved oithor way by loosening tho bolts that hold them ; tho boxes should ho kept firmly screwed down, but must not bind or pinch tho journ als. Tho cylinder should not bo allowed to play endwise more than is necessary to prevent its pinching against the boxes. 6\. The concave may be moved endwise, if necessary, in adjusting tho teeth, by loosening the two nuts on the top. Tho adjusting plates at each end of tho con cave are designed to facilitate the setting of tho. con cave to suit the various kinds and conditions of grain. By loosening tho bolts that hold these plates to tba frame, the conoave maybe raised or lowered, or pitched forward or backward. The closer tho conoave is set to the cylinder, or the more it is pitched so as to turn its teeth back towards tho feeder, the more it will hold on to and strip tho straw as it is carried through by tho oylinder. Baising the concave or pitching it iu the opposite direotion will cause the straw to pass through more rapidly and with less threshing and bruising. White threshing, the concave should be kept tighly screwed up, so that it may not ohango its position. . 7. The Boparator ia hung by its straps upon trio , dis charging end of the thresher-there are hooks upon the Thresher for this purpose ; the other end of the separator is supported by tho stand, by passing the small iron rod through the frame and through the holes in tho stand. After connecting tho separator with tho thresher and stand, turn the crank so as to throw the separator as far from tho thresher as possible, and then sot the stand in a perpendicular position under it. The separator spring should bo kept tightly screwed to tho frame, and also at the joint where it connects with the pitman. Baise or lower either end of tho separator until it separates tho grain clean from the, straw, and properly discharges tho straw ; ths grain and chaff should all fall through the holeB in the bottom, and the straw be thrown off by the shaking motion of the separator. 8\. Should the cronk wear loose in its boxes, take off tho outer half of the boxes and mako them thinner, se as to fit up to tho journals again. 9\. To prevent scattering grains flying from the machine, hang a piece of cloth or loather over the discharging end of the thresher at tho end of the separator. 10\. "Use the best oil, and oil often at first, afterwards of ton enough to prevent heating and wearing of tho journals. [N.B.-Oil tho cylinder shaft where tho pulley fits on, and do not let tho gum or dirt collect on or about tho spring catch and other places.] The outs given above show BO clearly how the work of this machine is done, that any further explanation is unnecessary ; and purchasers will find no ' difficulty in keoping ono in gear after being shown tho modus operandi, by tho makers in Sydnoy. Tho machines can bo seen at anytime, in work« ing order, at Mr. Ainsworth'^. EXTRAORDINARY HALLUCINATIONS. At the Bathurst police court, on Thursday, Stephen Dennis was charged with being of unsound mind. The father of the defendant, Richard Dennis, of Kelso, diiver, deposed: The prisoner is my son. He is twenty one years old. He has always been a little wild, but it was only last Sunday morning that he became as bsd as he now appears. He was brought to mo on last Suuday morn« ing by George Morgan. Ho ran in and wanted to kiss us all, and said that ho was going to heaven, and told us to make hasto that ho had only a fow minutes to stay. Ho has continued that kind of talk ever since. Last night ho stripped himself naked and throw Iiis clothes about tho room and trampled on thom. Yester day ho stripped himself and would havo gono into tho street if allowed. I cannot say what has caused his madness. Within the last few days it has assumed tho form of religious mania. Ho fancies himself to bo Jesus Christ. Now ho will not speak. I bolicvo he is worn out. Dr. Machattio has been attending him. Ho is not safo to bo at largo. I think, unless ho iu put under rostraint, ho will injuro himself or others. X gavo him into tho custody of constablo Price to-day, for protection.-Tho prisoner, who remained muto dur ing tho examination, and appeared unconscious of what was going on, was ordorod to find sureties to bo of good bohaviour for three months. Wo ought never to be frightened at the arrival of a ghost, because it ÍB quito immaterial ¡ 