A WINTER'S NIGHT IN 'ENGLAND. 'Cold !' — bitterly oold'l / Tho moon is b ight, .. ? ,. , ? , And'tho'anow'is whito, iBeaiitiful to behold. ?_ ?But the win'd.'ia howliDg ?Like'hungry, prowHug' 'Wolvea 011 the win try wold. 'Cold'!— bitterly cold ! -..,_-M_y ahawl'is'raggodiand old^- , 1 ; ! .^. Tho hearth deserted and dark, , ... ?' 'Glad'dori'oQ by'riovor a spark;j . , ' ' . , : And riiy drily li^ht ' ; 1 ; , ' : , ' fls'the pitiless white, : ' : t.v.'t ;That tho-moonbeansfapill , -Silvery chilli ' '? r v . \ 'CisrieHyr^-splendiSly.' bright, ' ; . ' 1 Tbia frosty Winters riighb*^'1, .? 'Cold! — liittorlycold'! x.-'- 'Bab'ej-mpre^preiSpria'tiiari^gdlS,^ i ' ?'? Sest'i'iittlo one, rest'! . , t,,' ? . , ®lodp,'my owirnne,' ; . ; i ' ' :h ': '. : . -Slumber, . thoudone-onei i . 'Clasped, to thy 'mother's breast. ; Thou^itHiri and wasted'her forrii,' , Hor armB'shall 'enfold. . 1 ' ' And shield thee' from'oolfl, For the love-in hor breo»t is warro, Though the chill nigUt breozo 'May .the life-blood freeze— 'Cold '!— bitterly colU ! ?Cold l'-bitterly cold-! My oyes are dim, ' And my senses swim, '. Arid raoklng pains are 'in overy limb,— j am prematurely 'old :! . i , Foodloss and fireless, ' : Almost attiroloss, Wrapt in rags so scanty and thin, | With bones that stare'through ilho eolourlosa ' 'Bkin, v ! ' ' Wonry and worn-, Tattered and torn, ' If I should wish I had ne'er been bom Tell me is it a sin ? , ?Cold world-l — bitterly cold'! Death of m Woman from Eating her Own Hair —The London 'Times' in a recent number gi ves the .pnrfciculars of a death which took place lately from a singular cause at Gray town-le-Marsh. Deceased was a woman, about thirty years of age, and -as -her medical attendants bad been much puzzled as to the nature of hor illness, thev 'obtained permis sion 'from 'the relatives to aiake a - post ?mor- tem examination. The result is thus-described ?: , ' A solid tumour, 'composed of human hair, resembling in appearance a blaok duck with ?a very long neoky and weighing nearly two pounds, was found to occupy and nearly fill the stomaoh and gulldt, forming -a tolerably*; acourato mould of those organs, and -extending from the stomach almost into the mouth. . This remarkable 'concretion -bad caused great thickening and -ulceration of -the -stomach, and was the remote -cause of hor death'. On ?enquiry, a sistor staged that during, t'he last twolvo years -she -had known the deceased to be in tho habit of eating hor own bair-. The occurrence of a similar case -to the above is eithor so -rare or seldom 'detected, that sev eral medical xnon of large experience never remomber ever having heard of ono like it. , Op and DOWN. — A 'doting mother ot a; waggish boy, having bottled a lot of nice preserves labelled them, 'Put np by Mrs.' D ? .' Johnny, having discovered them, I soQn ate the contents of one bottle, and w'rdtel on the bottom of the label, ' Put 'down 'by Johnny D ? Boat Race. — Hickey v. Bush.— This event, which for some tiwo past has beon creating quite a stir in the aquatic world, was decided on Saturday in favour of tho champion'. Bush waB quite unknown in Sydnoy until Anniver sary Day Regatta, when, with Conlon, ha won tho doublo scull race, against Lyons and 1 Connor ; Jie also won tho amateur race on the same day. Subsequently, lie and Coulon boat tho Trickotts, with double sculls in light skiffs, in a private match 011 the Parramatta River. ? His pulling, on bol.li thoso occasions, was much admired, and, he found a largus iium- . 'bor of fi'iondsj who took 2 to 1 that he would 'boat Hickey. . The pulling of our champion is too well known to need comment ; suffice it to say tliatlio will ho-a good rnan who is ablo to beat lwin .'in any boat. Tho backers of Rush, however,, are still, confident'that, had he ' traiined properly, Hickey would have had all his work to dp to carry oiT the stakes. The race on Saturday was pulled -in heavy water men's 'skilTs, Hickey laying 16200 to ,£150; Tie also staked £60 to £40 that ho would beat Rush by 50 yards. At half-past 4 o'clock the men pulled up to tho bathing plaoe, -from off which -the start was to take place, and were loudly cheered by. -their re spective friends. Both men looked admirable, stripped, ;and Hickey's pinched-up face proved thab liis training had not beon neglected. Shortly before '5 o'clock tho anxious specta tors on 'board the steamers screamed out ' They're oft and -such was the case, both boa'ts coming along at a smart pace with Rush., leading. This fadt caused a good deal of ?consternation amongst the friends of -tho ?champion, -who expected that he would never be headed throughout tho race. 'Off Kissing 'Point, Rush .-had -increased liis lead to two 'boat lengths, -rowing much quicker than his opponent, 'who pulled a long sweeping-stroke, ?whioh he never altered from the statft. Tho ?same distance separated the boats uutil tho t!ho first half of the course was pulled, whoa the ^backers -o'f Rush wore begining ito 'fancy that, as their man had headed Hickev for a mile and (three quarters, that, barring acci dents, 'it was Kis race .; but, alas for the frailty df human 'hopes, Rush at this portion ?of :ihe race dropped his hoad and began to show Bigns that his ?exertions to keep ahejid had pumped all 'his steam out, leaving none to finish 'the raco with. -Hickoy, maintaining ? ? the-flame long, steady, tolling stroke, gradu- ? / ally drew along-side, -and was loudly choere5:? -y / as his sculls wero seen :to dip ahead of Rush, / who rolled on bis serit, rallied again, and pul- / led b. couple df wild strokes, .and then dropped / the sculls, leaving -Hickoy 'to tow the remain-/ derof 'tho 'course £it his leisure. Tlie stake;, were duly paid over 'on Saturday night, whrfi . mndihor match -was made between Rich'^d Hickey and -Rush, 'fhe former laying i^OO . to £200, to be prilled 'in heavy boats f1 tba Parramatta Rivet;, on Saturday, Mar 21;— 'S.E. Herald.1 An Enormous 'KLanmroo Kilp'. -Hr., Thomas Jil'Donald, of.Duramana(says the Bathurst Timesj), 'k-illed «on the^'ad at tha back of Mount Ran'kon, aborit px miles from Bathurst, ono of 'the largest -angaroos that has -ever been seen in tin's district. Mr. M'Dpnald was accompanied by bv-j' dogs, and shortly after being sighted- the "ed man" was 'brought 'to bay. There -was no^eavy-f timber in ;tho -iminediate ' vicinity ofthe so that the. 'veteran of the waunn5ye to obtain 'any 'back-support in -the shape vf a large tree, and was placed rather at a disav vantage when- attacked by his canine oppon ents. ,Ee defended himself with .great ob stinacy, however, and it was -not until he had been brought to . earth twelve 'times that ho ' gave up the ghost.' -During the attack, iilnen ni- V»nr»r1 mifVi n mr, jjx jjuuuiu ouvuu loaded gun r eady to dispatch the 'kangaroo in the event of either of the dogs being seized ; bat owing 'to the wideness with 'which they both 'fought, tliey did -not sustain a singlo scratch. Upon 'being measured, the animal was foend to be over 7 -feet in length, and it is -estimated that it weighed upwards of two hundredweight. The tail alone, -when cut off, measured 4 feet 3 inches in length, by ' 24 inches in circumference, at the thickest part, and its weight was lbs. . On Saturday last, 'a driver named John Christtiiu 'went down -to work at the hull'dC the ship -Eliza, 'recontlv burrft in Hobson's Bay, 'and after he had been under water for about !an hour and a half, ?with a short inter mission, 'the line of 'commtmicaticm was found to be fouled, -and it was 'discovered , that deceased could 'ndt Tjo hoisted up. Tha ' Argus'' -further states that -a -diver was sent down, and lie found deceased -dead at tho , bottom, entangled in the figging, with his helmot off and caught -in the bight of a rope. The body 'was -after some trouble ?brought to -the surface, and 'an inquest was held, but, -after several witnesses had been ?examined, the inquiry was adjourned, in order 'that efforts might bo mado to recover -tho helmet, whioh had been left at the bottom. LiecHure m a -FENIAN. — Tlio it enians 01 tnia ?city and vicinity filled tbo Hall of the Cooper Union on the 16th December (says the * New York Tribune'), to listen to Mr. John Boyle 'O'Reifly, who was engaged in tho Fenian ?demonstration at Manchester, -England, -and who has, just escaped from Australia, 'where . he was serving a sentence of twenty years for oomplioity in -that 'outbreak. Mr. O'Reilly, who was -foMnerlv a member of the '10th Bri tish Hussars, 'assured 'hie liearrers that tho massof the British army v^as with them in their cause.. 'The fire of. Civil liberty had been lighted in their hearts, «.nd English strength and gold, and cruelty would never extinguish that 'fire — nothing but English bipod would ever do it,'' Bo then alluded to bis -arrest and -confinement iu no loss than six 'different prisons in England, after being badly treated for. attempting to esoape, and -finally being sent to Australia in a convict ship with 150 'criminals. From Australia ho -escaped in a row-boat, and was picked up at sea by a whaling ship, ,the Gazelle, of New York, and 'from her transferred to the Sapphire, which carried him to Liverpool, and from there he came to New York. +Mr. O'Reilly was fre quently interrupted 'by applause, Astbe Pope has included freemasons* (in combination with Bible Societies) as special objects for ?censure at the (Ecumenical Council, the Grand Master of Masons ia France has gammoned a general -convention of the masons ? of Europe at Paris on the 8th- of Dec., in which freemasonry is solemnly to affirm tha great principles of universal human; right which are its basis and its glc^. '7. 