THE WAENINGt. James Baintree, barriater-at-law, and William Hargreaves, clerk in holy orders, were sitting in the chambers of the former gentleman in the Temple- They had dined together, and had now «hirned, and had lit the cigar of meditation. Thev were friens» schoolfellows, and college hums 5 and Mr. Hargreaves had just come up to town, in order t0 accompany his friend the next day into the country, to assist, according to a promise of many years' standing, at the ceremony of hie marriage. «You say, James, that your lady-love is to be married from the house of her cousin, Lady JJerry ?" "Yes," the barrister said, rather sharply. "Don't you like the arrangement?" the clergy man asked. "I can hardly say that I don't like it, William; and yet, if I bad had my choice, I would rather that it had been otherwise." He was silent again ; and his friend, seeing that there was something which he did not care to ex plain, asked no farther questions, but continued smoking, leaving it to bis friend either to continue or change the conversation. Presently Baintree threw the end of his cigar jnto the fire. "I will tell you the story, William, and you shall judge for yourself. I need not say that it is not to go farther. No one knows it, I believe, except those concerned ; and we all have more or ' less reason for not wishing such a story to go about. I need not tell you that I was never a believer in ghosts, apparitions, or the super natural in any way. You may remember that at college I was always ready to enter into any amount of argument with men Who believed more or less in the supernatural ; you yourself, having Scotch blood in your veins, had rather a leaning towards wraiths. I was utterly incredulous. HaviBg recalled this to your memory, I will go on with my story. "It was in the autumn of '66, rather better than two years ago now, that I was staying down with Sir Peter and Lady Berry at Wenning park. . It was a very pleasant place to stay at ; one of those houses where' a man can do just what he pleases. Sir Peter was, or rather is, a man of Borne six or seven-and-forty. He came into the baronetcy rather unexpectedly, through a series of deaths, and the news reached him in India, where he had been for many years, and where he oc cupied the position of judge. He had already made an ample fortune, and at once came home i and took possession of Wenning park, which was entailed with the baronetcy. He was a quiet man, given to study ; but his disposition was singularly genial, and lie bas one of the most pleasing smiles I ever saw. A year after his re turn he married. He met bis wife down at the sea-side, I believe ; she was the daughter of a clergyman, but her father was dead, and she lived alone with her mother. I know nothing about the wooing, but should imagine that Lucy — I don't know her maiden name — married the baronet principally for his money. She was about one-and-twenty, and a very pretty bright girl. However, they seemed happy together. He in dulged her every whim, and was never so happy as when he saw her surrounded by young people, and enjoying herself to the utmost. At the time , I am speaking of they had been married three years. It had been a most pleasant visit : the people in the house had been abundant ; and, above all, I bad been engaged in a strong flirta tion with Alice Ferrers — and I tliink that even then we had both made up our minds that it was not to end with our visit to the Berrys. Time had gone on. The rest of the guests had droppe i off, and there only remained Clara and Alice Ferrers, Tom Harding — he married Clara this spring — myself, and a man named Pellatt. Pellatt was one of those men one meets everywhere — at dances or flower shows, or in the park, or, in fact, everywhere. He was one of those men I can't bear, a sneering cynical fellow, and Harding thoroughly agreed with me He could be pleasant when he chose, and kept an entirely different tone for women from that which he used with men. He was a great favourite with tbem, as, strangely enough, most men are who are generally detested y other men. He was good- looking, at least so people said, though I never could see it myself ; his features, however, were certainly good, and when his face softened, as it did when he was talking with any woman to whom he was trying be agreeable, I can understand their being taken with it. Anyhow, his name has been coupled with that of half a dozen married Women to my knowledge. He was at Wenning park More I went there, and he stayed on now, talking requently, as did both Harding and I, of leaving, , ut®.urng himself very easily to be persuaded ,7 'r -Peter into staying a little longer. From e first I had seen that he was very attentive to is hostess ; not obtrusively so, quite the con- dvP foctj he spoke to her more seldom than i most other men staying in the house. It was b a n8e f the tone of his voice, and the u en softening of the hard face, that I could e ect the game he was playing. As time went J1' 8aw lat she noticed it too, and, what was w-Ti 6e ed it. It was not that she flirted T I j Sh® was rather given to flirtation, and nad seen her engaged in one or two little affairs pon a previous, visit ; but these had been undiBguised flirtations, merely the result high 6 pi r its" and a love of fun. There was nothing 0f this with Pellatt. She _eemed infected with his own quiet way. en sne spoke to him, her voice was lower and ? and her fingers had a trick of nervously P ®Jing with the flowers or anything else she had n er hand. It struck me, too, that she avoided ni as if she was afraid of him, and that even en she wes not apparently watching him, she y new or felt what he was doing. I have seen r w K-n he approached her even from behind, nttfU J?en,y frward, and begin to talk eagerly anyne else who was near. Of e, I said nothing of my ideas on the subject Dg qb tup house was full j but when there remained only the party I have named, I un- burthened my mind to Harding, who was:an old ' friend of mine, one day when we were out shooting together. Tom was altogether of my opinion, and agreed that Pellatt meant mischief. The question was -What was to be done? Neither of us, though we talked the matter over and' over again, could hit upon anything practical. You see, Hargreaves, it is a very ticklish question to inter fere in an affair of this sort. Difficult and delicate at all times — for no one thanks you, and you are sure to be looked upon as a meddling fool — trebly so when you have not a shadow of proof, and nothing but your own vague suspicions to rely upon. " Of course, our best plan , would have been to have gone away at once, as Pellatt could hardly have outstayed us ; but, you see, we were both au serieux with the Ferrers, and intended settling the business before we left ; so we persuaded our selves that if it was broken off now it would be renewed in London when there was no one to watch over her, and that it was best to let the game be played out under our eyes. Upon one point we were agreed, namely, that we would in terfere when it became absolutely necessary ; but whether our interference should take the form of au opening of Sir Peter's eyes, or of an intima tion to Pellatt to give it up, under a threat of assault and battery, we could not finally deter mine. At any rate, we were determined to save Lady Berry. " Well, time went on ; and it only wanted two days to the time finally fixed for our leaviug ; Harding and I had been out for our last day's shooting, and had both shot badly. I think tbat we had made up our minds to propose upon the following day. When we came into the drawing- room ready for dinner, we both saw at once that something had taken place — that the crisis was, in fact, at hand. Lady Berry was unusually pale, with a Bpot of colour on each cheek. She was in feverish spirits, and talked gaily and rapidly all dinner-time ; seldom, I observed, add essing her husband, never even looking, if she could help it. at Pellatt. In spite of Ladv Berry's efforts, the dinner was not a success. Both the FcVrers were unusually quiet, and I fancy that they must have noticed something. I have since learned that Pellatt after luncli had announced his intention of going for a walk, and that during the afternoon Lady Berry had been absent from the drawing- room for some time ; and that Alice, going up stairs for something, had happened to look out of the window, and to her surprise had caught a glimpse of the two walking together in the shrubberies. Their uneasiness had bee» much in creased by the fact of Lady Berry's making no allusion after her return to the fact of her having left the house. All this we 'knew nothing of until long afterwards ; but we felt sure that the girls as well as ourselves saw that something was wrong ; and although we tried our beet to talk naturally and be at our ease, the thought that the time had come to act, and the wonder what our course ought to be, rendered it difficult for us to second our hostess's efforts to be gay. The only two of the party who seemed really themselves were Sir Peter and Pellatt. The former was genial and kindly as ever, utterly unsuspicious of the tempest gathering round him ; while the latter was as coldly cynical and unpleasant as was his wont. " After the ladies left us, our sitting was a short one. Neither Tom nor myself were in a humour to engage in argument with the man opposite us, whose white tie our fingers were itching to dis arrange. We very soon, therefore, joined the ladies in Lady Berry's boudoir, in which, since our numbers had so dwindled, we had met, instead of the grand drawing- room. It was a good -sized room, prettily furnished. There was a piano in it — an old-fashioned one, and out of keeping with the style of the rest of the room. It was prized by Lady Berry, however, as having been the gift of her mother upou the occasion of her having learned to play her first grand piece. As we went upstairs Harding whispered to me, " They have come to an understanding. Meet me in my room to-night. We must settle what to do." ' We had now a repetition of our dinner be haviour ; and Lady Berry's gaiety seemed even more forced than before. I think Pellat noticed this, for he asked Alice Ferrers to play imme diately tea was oyer. When she had played two or three pieces, there was a pause as she shut the piano atid returned to her seat on the sofa, for neither her sister nor Lady Berry played. Then, to our astonishment, Pellatt volunteered to sing us something, saying he would play his own ac companiment.' None of us knew that he sang or played, as he had never before mentioned that he did either. As he passed Lady Berry he said two or t hree words to her in a whisper ; and I guessed by his face that it was au injunction to be more calm. Then he went up to the piano and opened it. " I can hardly describe to you even now, Har greaves, what followed, much less give you an idea of its effect. He opened the piano rather roughly, aud there was a loud twang, as if a string had broken with a jar, causing us all to start. The sound, however, was not a single sharp discord, as when a string breaks, but a long continuous jarring note. Louder and louder it rose, until the whole room seemed filled with the sound. It was like the noise of an engine-whistle, but allied with the jar of a broken music-string ; the wildest, the most unearthly, and the most painful sound I ever heard. We all recoiled from the instrument, and stood transfixed with astonishment, and I may say for myself, and I think for the rest, with terror. Pellatt stood three paces back fr»m the piano, with his face deadly pale, as, indeed, were all of those present, and his hand slightly raised before him, as if to Bhield of£ some unknown danger. Alice Ferrers had fainted upon the sofa ; . Clara clung to Tom Harding, who was standing by her ; Sir Peter had advanced three hasty steps, and stood between -his wife and the piano ; while Lady Berry stood with her hands pressing back her hair from her temples, and her eyes set in a fixed ghastly stare. The only movement I myself am conscious of having made was to put my hands. to my ears, to deaden as far as possible, that awful unearthly sound. How long it lasted- I cannot, say ; it might have been one minute— it might haye been three ; to me it seemed an age. Then, all of a sudden, without change or warning, it ceased. For an instant the silence was deadly ; then Sir Peter turned, just in time to catch his wife, who fell forward, as if dead ; aud Clara Ferrers went off into a fit of such terrible hysterics that I for once feared that her reason was gone for ever. Altogether, for the next few -minutes we had our hands too full to exchange a word. /By that time the Misses FerrerB were carried up to their rooms, and given in charge of the servants, who were of more use than we could be ; while Sir Peter, having ordered a man to 8 tart on horseback for the nearest doctor, super intended every endeavour to restore his wife to consciousness. Then finding that we were now only in the way, Harding and I went down to gether into the smoking-room. I do not think either of us would have gone alone into the boudoir for a hundred pounds. " When we had closed the door, we looked at each other with blank faces. What was it? Neither of us could hazard a conjecture ; neither had ever heard any noise like it ; but we agreed exactly in our estimate of the sound — it was something like a railway whistle blown through two or three discordant chords of the piano. As to what caused the noise neither of- us dared to; conjecture, and we turned almost as a relief to the terrible question of how it would affect the Ferrers. " In an hour's time we heard the welcome gallop of a horse, and knew that the doctor had come, as Sir Peter had asked him,, on his mes senger's horse, to save time. JuBt as he arrived, Pellatt came into the room. He had been in the night air, and was ghastly pale. He tried to speak unconcernedly ; but bis lip quivered, and his hand shook as he filled himself a strong glass of spirits and water. ' Presently the welcome news came down that the Misses Ferrers were both sensible and quiet ; Lady Berry had recovered from her fit, but was delirious. After this we sat very quiet for some time, for neither Harding nor myself felt any inclination to go off to bed alone. In another half-hour a servant came in with a piece of folded paper, which he gave to Pellatt — 'From Sir Peter.' Pellatt read it through, and, if. possible, turned even paler than before. He murmured something, and left the room. " In another two minutes we again beard the horses hoofs departing. We looked at each other significantly. She has been talking in her delirium,' Harding said ; and Sir Peter has ordered him to leave the house at once.' It was so, as we afterwards found ; and his clothes were packed and sent after him next day. ' Presently the doctor came down for a few minutes. We both kueiv and liked him. What is all this, gentlemen ? Sir Peter, under a pro mise of secrecy, bas told me a most extraordinary tale — I should say, indeed, an incredible tale, were it not that the state of these three ladies aud the calmness of Sir Peter render it impossible for me to doubt his word.' We described the affair to the ' doctor, who said, Well, gentlemen, doubt is impossible after what you have told me, strange and incredible as it appears. It would almost seem to have been providentially sent, as I gather from her ravings, as a warning to . save the poor creature upstairs on the very edge of de struction. I must go up again to Sir Peter.' ' Is he alone with her,' I asked ? 4 No,' the doctor answered ; she has an old servant, who was her nurse, and who came with her when she was married.' " In a few more minutes we were joined by Sir Peter. He looked years older than he had done at dinner-time. He saw by our faces how much we pitied and felt for him, and holding out a hand silently to each, he eat down, and broke out crying in great sobs, so painful to hear that the tears rolled down the cheeks of both Harding and myself. You should have told me,' he said at last. There was nothing as yet to tell, Sir Peter,' I said gently. It was only this evening that our suspicions that all was not right were confirmed ; and we had fully determined upon speaking to you to-morrow, in order that you might perhaps resolve upon travelling, and so taking Lady Berry out of reach of temptation ; for I am sure that Lady Berry is innocent of aught save a temporary infatuation.' I am con vinced of that,' Sir Peter said, solemnly. 4 Wouid that warning have been sent if it were too late to save ? No, no, my friends,' and he tried to speak cheerfully, but his lips quivered, she is very young aud inexperienced ; so young tbat she did not know what a precipice she was treading upon: I was much older than she, old enough to be her father, and I did not wait long enough for her to be quite sure of her love for me before I married her. Still I do think — yes, I am sure — tbat she did love me then. But since then I have been- too confident in her love. I have forgotten our disparity of years, have never given her the attention which a young wife must naturally crave for ; and so, little by little, she has come to look upon me as a father, aud room was thus , made for another love. In future it will not be so. I must se to work to win back the old girl- love she once gave me, aud she will look upon this as an evil dream. Is not that my best plan ?' We were both too much affected to speak, but silently wrung our host's hand. Again upon, the night air rose the sound of a horse's approaching hoofs. None of us spoke, but looked at each other inquiringly. Were there any nore mysteries to take place upon this eventful night?. The horse stopped at the door, there was a ring at the bell, and in another minute the servant entered : 1 A telegraphic message, Sir Peter.' A feeling of awe ran through us as Sir Peter opened the letter. Were we to have an explanation of this awful mystery ? Sir Peter ran his eye over it, aud gave a slight shiver. He signed to the servant to leave the room, 4 It is a message,' he said solemnly, 4 to tell me that Lady Berry's mother was burnt to death, probably in a fit, this evening.' 44 1 have little more to tell. Harding and I sat up all that night, and left the next day, as did the Ferrers. They were sadly shaken, and the affair left a heavy mark upon them for some time. I need not say that we postponed our proposals until we met in London in the spring. A month or two afterwards they lost their father, and the marriages were postponed. .Clara, as I told you, was married to Harding last March ; but various circumstances have combined to put off my. affair until the present time. Lady Berry hovered for some weeks between life and death ; but youth . and a good constitution conquered in the end, and she went abroad with her husband. They were away nearly two years, only returning a fortnight L since. I saw them as they passed through London. She was very much altered, and is a quiet, pale woman ; but I should say, that she was very happy ; and if ever a couple really loved each other, I think that they do. The bouse has, been entirely altered and redecorated the entrance into the drawing-room from the boudoir has been bricked up, and the room itself turned into a housekeeper's room. I heard this from Jlardipg, who was over there the other day. They have, a large party of guests down there— people whom they had met on the Continent, and arranged with to go down upon the same day as themselveB, so as to break the ice of their return. Alice is, at Lady Berry's particular request, to be married from there ; so she is to sleep at the town with two of her bridesmaids, who accompany her, ana to go over the first thing in the morning to, dresB and start from Wenning-park. There, that is my story J" , , - , What became of Pellatt?" the cjergymsn asked, after a considerable, pause. " "He went abroad the day after the affair, and I heard six months- aftrdsrtiiktl;'Re. was dea<T; ' How or where ' I never h'eafd, hor , did ' I ever inquire The whole matter was too fresh in my mind at the time, aud I confess that I shunned! everything that was likely to' recall that.. - awful . evening to my mind."— r-From Tinsleyd Magazine for June, ' . 