ST. MARY'S CHURCH, GAULFIELD. The ceremony of laying the memorial stone of a Christian church is at till times \ one fraught with peculiar interest. Tho cere mony commenced by the Rov. H. B. Macartney reading 1 Chronicles, ch. 29, from tho first to the twentieth verse. Tho Apostles' Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and » other portions of the Liturgy were then road, after which the JLord Bishop offered up 'a special prayer. Mr. J. W. Stephen, one of ; the trustees, then read .the follow ing : — 'This soroll /was deposited under the memorial stone of St. Mary's Church, Caul field, on Saturday,! July 9th; a.d. 1870, in the 34th year of the ; reign - of her Majesty Queen Victoria, '-together with three- Mel- bourne daily 3 papers, -rone ?local paper, the Melbourne CJitirch of England Messenger/smd various coins of the realm. Governor of the colony, John (Henry;' Thomas^ 'Viscount Canterbury, of the cityof Canterbury in the county Kent, and, Baron Bottesford, in the county ; of Leicester in the Peerage of the United Kingdom of. Great Britain and Ire land ; Bishop of the diocese of Melbourne, the Eight Rev. Charles Perry, D.D. ; Dean and Archdeacon of Melbourne,' the very Rev. H. B. Macartney, D.D. ; incumbent, the Rev. H. 'B.' Macartney, jun., B. A. ; trustees of: the parish,: James Wilberforce Stephen, Esq.,; Harold Pennington, Esq.', and Everett Bardwell, Esq. ; architects, Messrs* Reed andBarnes. ; biiilders of founda tion, Messrs. Little and Boyrie. j builder of superstructure, Mr. .James Bbriham.' To this document were attached the signatures of the bishop, dean, clergymen ' present, and the trustees; Mr. Stephen, addressing the bishop; said that the congregation had a^ special reason of congratulation at having his lordship present to lay the memorial stone of St. Mary's. On behalf of the congregation, Mr. . Stephen then presented . to the bishop a beautiful silver trowel, suitably inscribed, the iandiwork of Mr. Walsh, of Collins-street. ' 'Mr. Bardwell placed the scroll, papers and coins in a large stoppered bottle, arid Mr. Penning ton deposited the bottle in the space carved out for it in the stone. His* lordship, trowel in hand, then superintended the spreading of the cement, after which the stone was lowered into itsplace, and having properly plumbed it, he gaveit three taps with the mallet; arid said; '??*?'?! pronounce this stono properly laid, '? in the name of the Father; of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The congregation then sang the hymn ' Prom all that dwell below the skies,' after which offerings to a considerable amount were placed . upon the stone. The bishop, addressing the congregation; said that when first invited to - perform the interesting and solemn ceremony which had just taken place, he was doubtful about being present, but after much consideration he; was led to feel that under the peculiar circumstances con nected with the church it. was right for him to be there.. The church whose memo rial stone had been laid - that day was em blematical of the progress of the country in ? settlement. Years ago thecongfegation had erected a small weatherboard building oppo site, and had enlarged it fromtime to time ; now it was necessary to build a more sub stantial edifice, arid it was a matter for con gratulation that the Church of St. Mary was the first work undertaken by the church without state-aid; He had confidence in the congregation carrying on the work begun that day to a speedy completion ; and he also had good confidence that the word of God would be preached faithfully - by the reverend- in- cumbent, and that he would prove a work man that need not be ashamed in the day when all works shall be - tried. Sir George Stephen and the Rev. the Dean next spoke. The Rev. H. B. Macartney, jun., then offered up the prayer of St. Chrysostom, after which the bishop pronounced the bene-' diction, and the proceedings terminated shortly before five o'clock. At half- past five the congregation ; sat down to : tea in a ' large marquee erected close by the weatherboard ^church, -'. and: by 'half ? : past six everything- was cleared away,: and the public meeting took place, the bishop in the chair. The financial statement was read by Mr. J. W. Stephen, after which the Rev; J. S. Low gave a short sketch of 'the history of the parish.. Addressesweredelivered'during the evening by the chairman/ the Dean, the Revs. H. B. Macartney; G/--8.- Isaacson, -G. O. Vance, arid Chief Justice - Sir W. StawelT and Judge Pohlman.'i1 The' church choir sang several anthems during -rthe; proceed^ ??? ings, and a large i collection' was taken iipx after the address of the Rev. C. S; Isaacson. 