LATER EUROPEAN NEWS. THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL IMPOR- TANT PAPAL BULL. DIFFICULTIES aÑTÜ SUEZ CANAL. CARLIST INSURRECTION ON THE C FRENCH BORDER. rmifrmL STATE OF IRELAND ADDI CRlTJlONAL TROOPS TO BE SENT. ASSASSINATION AND SEIZURE OF ARMS ASSAS IN DUBLIN BY FENIANS. By the French ship Bayonnaise, from California we, Sydney Morning Herald, have further details of European news to the 15th December. 1 We extract the following telegraphic news from the Alta California and Evening Bulletin : - Edinburgh, December 10th The. Scotoum publishes a report, which it declares is entitled to credit that Lord Clarendon will soon reopen negotiations with the United States, for the settlement of the Alabama claims. Paris December 10th A report from Madrid states it was confidently believed there that President Grant intends to seize Cuba. The Times has an article on the Alabama claims It hopes the American Government may appoint such men as George William Curtis and William M. Evarts to state the facts of the law and of the case. It thinks that good results will certainly follow such a selection. The Spectator, on American affairs, says ' Grant's programme of peace, retrenchment, re- construction, and honesty must enhance the position the United States as a nation. His way of paying debts was the last to be quarrelled with. London, December 12th -The Obsn vm says President Grant's Message makes a pleasing im- pression in financial circles The Telegraph, man editorial on the renewal ofthoRecipiocity Treaty, pi edicts some modification of the policy of Congress ton at of the Dominion of Canada through the influence of Secretary Fish, who is a free trade The official " Yellow Book," just published, times a favourable account of the condition of France It states that her relations with foreign powers, and then relations with one mother are still more anne ible since the confer- ence in the dispute between Greece, and Turkey was held in Paris The situation of the North German Confederation is not such as to cause France to change her attitude in Italy, idea is gaining ground in spite of revolutionary movements The book makes an important declaration with regard to the Ecumenical Council This body, it says, is beyond the pale of political power , so the Emperor has resolved to use his right to intervene in its deliberations, and through then tqresenUtr»es all the Catholic Powers approve of this course The Turkey Egyptian question is renewed, and the efforts made to reconcile the Sultan and the Viceroy are dwelt on at length American as line are treated as follows -i he plant of General Grant to the Presidency of the United States has made no change in the yed relations existing between the two nations France has assisted the Government to establish peace between Spain and the Pacific Republics, but the sympathy shown by the United States and South America with the Cuban rebellion has unfortunately compile ited the settlement of the abar e question Concluding this subject, the book says The French Go\ ei nment his no reason to violate the laws of action They are only aim of this Government is to develope peacefully its foreign relations and guard the interests of France PARIS, December 10th -The Corps Legislatif had another stormy session to day An opposition Deputy demanded the impeachment of M Forde, Minister of the Intel 101 Scenes of confusion followed, such as have never before been witnessed in the Chamber, and the sitting was adjourned amid great excitement The prosecution of the trapper was caused by 1 libellous article written by Hugo It was determined in the coal lotion of Hugo He has been sentenced to a fine of 1000 francs, with four months' imprisonment and the publishers of the journal to 1000 francs fine and two months' imprisonment Pans, December 12th -A Council of Muus ters was held held at five o'clock this afternoon in the Tiulencs It is rumoured that this extra ordinary meeting of the Council has been summoned to consider and decide on an immediate change in the C ibmet ammonia has written a letter to the Pope of pressing regret at not being able to visit his Holiness Chicago, December 10th The Jet aid's speak from London telegraphs from the continent the report that at the opening of the session of the Anti Papal Congress at Naples, yesterday there were present 500 Italian delegates and tvtentymeniheis from other parts of the world. The inauguration address was dead tied by President Riociaidi Letters of apology for non attendance were read from Victor Hugo, Garibaldi, and other distinguished persons met leaders of the i radical i for in p tity J hoso com nominations were received with gi est enthusiasm, which carried to the close of the proceedings Rome, December 10th -The Pope dein ci ed an Allocation before the assembled Bishops He expressed his satisfaction at being able to open the Council on the day which had been lived, and at finding the Bishops had come in such numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by the Holy Spirit Prnth in human BCIIOIUCS and all impurity were never before as strong as at the present day, for they were well organised, and hid themselves behind pretended appeal arises for liberty [But there was nothing to fear, is cause the Blind was stronger even than Heaven ] But time would remedy present ellis The Holy Father concluded with an au oca tion to the Holy Ghost, to the Blessed Virgin, and to Saints Peter and Pt ul Puts, December 11th The French Government has made known to the Ecumenical Council that the infallibility is an opportune question from a religions view politically, it shots Fiance otherwise than according to the Concoidats, and releases her from obligations then accepted Rome., December 11th -The Oecumenical Connell adjourned till after Ephany Much (opposition M exported on its in assembling, but the Pope is said to be son of the cooper action of the Arnot lean Bishops Home, December Kith. Tho (Ecumenical Council meets to-morrow simply for the purpose of attending to the details, of organisation. Committees on Faith, Discipline, Orders, and Eastern Affairs will be formed. Those committees comprise eighty-six members. The official list of persons entitled to attend the Council is published, and contains the names of fifty-five Cardinals, cloven Patriarchs, nine hundred and twenty-seven Archbishops, Bishops, and Abbots, twenty-two mitred abbots, and twenty-nine Generals of religious orders. The Herald's special from Naples says that the Council of Deists, or Anti- Papal Radical Assem- blage, which met there on the 9th, turned out a dead failure. A proposition to favour another French occupation of Rome, and endorsing to some extent the last, met with serious opposition in the Assemblage. Rome, December 14th The Bishops have brought a number of addresses by priests to the Pope, from the faithful in all parts of the world. London, December 15th. -An important Papal Bull has been issued under the Real of strict secrecy, establishing regulations for the Octi ironical Council. In his exordium, his Holiness exhorts Bishops to live in the practice of charity, humility, sobriety, and pious contemplation during the session of the Council. He declares that although the right of making propositions for the Council belongs only to himself and the Court of Rome-"<i(l not Had sanctum claim" he desires and exhorts every Father to think it his duty to make propositions, but on those conditions: First, the propositions be made in writing, submitted to a Council of Bishops named by the Pope ; second the proposi- tion to have for its object the general interests of the Church, not a particular diocese -, third, it shall be accompanied by a statement of the motives which had to its presentation -, fourth, it shall be conformable to the spirit of the traditions of the Catholic Church. His Holiness imposes secrecy on every person concerned in the conciliatory labours. The order of precedence is fixed as follows Cardinal, Bishop, Cardinal Priests, Cardinal Deacons, Patriarchs Primates, Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Generals of Monastic Orders. Fathers are authorised to designate ten of their number to be charged with the judicial settlement of con- testations arising amongst themselves. The Bull appoints the officers of the Council, naming of Legates or Presidents over the general congregations, Cardinals De Reach, De Luca, I Cuzzarre, Bille, and Captain. Fathers who i desire to harangue the assembly must obtain authorisation from the debate on the evening of the preceding day on which they intend to speak. Those who intend to propose canons must first submit them to one of the four Commissioners on the fourth discipline of religious orders and Oriental affairs, these Commissioners to be chosen by the Fathers, but each to be presided over by a Cardinal to be named by the Pope. The Bull prohibits the Fathers absenting themselves before the conclusion of the Council, and authorises them to reside outside their dioceses during the entire period of the Council. A majority of the Bishops are dissatisfied with many provisions of the Papal Bull. Lisbon, December 11th Fears were entertained of the breaking out of a rebellion in various parts of Portugal. The authorities are active. Paris, December 13th Despatches from Lisbon report much political agitation in Portugal. A military movement has been commenced by Duke Saldahua, which is assuming large and threatening proportions. The break between the King and Duke is daily widening. The resignation of the President of the Ministry is momentarily expected, and as soon as it takes place the King will appoint another, and will resist the influence of the Duke of Saldahua. Disorders are reported at Oporto. Paris, December llth.-Marforis, the Intendant of Ex-Queen Isabella, has published an emphatic denial of the story that the Queen took the Crown diamonds on her retirement from Madrid. Madrid, December 11th The Cortes rejected the bill of the Regency for indemnifying the exiles under the monarchy. The Cortes voted unanimously for the restora- tion of Constitutional guarantees. Paris, December 12th Private advices received here assert that General Prim contemplates a coup d'etat. He is sure of 80 votes in the Cortes, and will proclaim the Duke of Genoa King, and then present a law of the Cortes making himself Regent during his minority. It is said that he confidently relies on the support of the army, the Generals being in his favour, and that he will send for the Duke of Genoa to carry out the scheme. On the other hand, a public despatch from Madrid announces that Prim made a speech yesterday in the Cortes, in which he denied any intention to make a coup d'etat. He declared, however, that he believed an immense majority in the country were in favour of the Duke of Genoa that his mother was willing her son should accept the crown, and in all probability the Duke would soon be proclaimed King. Madrid, December 14th The Carlists are very active on the French and Portuguese frontiers. Paris, December 14th Paul Angels, Deputy in the Spanish Cortes, a fugitive from Spain, has been ordered to leave France. Paris, December 15th The Carlist insurrec- tionists continue active on the French border. Several cases of arms, suspected to belong to them, were seized yesterday by the French au7 thorities at Bayonne. London, December 13th The remains of Mr. Peabody were received aboard the ironclad Monarch on Saturday. The ceremony was attended with many demonstrations of respect. Several distinguished persons accompanied the remains to the place of embarkation, where they were received by the city authorities of Portsmouth and the officers and marines of the Monarch and the United States steamer Plymouth. The ships in the harbour displayed flags at half-mast and dipped ensigns as the Monarch steamed out, and minute guns were I fired. Minister Motley addressed Captain Com- moron, commander of the Monarch, referring to the great honour paid Mr. Peabody by the heads of two great nations in sending two war vessels as a special escort to his remains to his native country. On the part of the relatives of the deceased he confided the remains to the Captain's keeping. Captain Commorell replied, accepting the sacred trust, and assuring him the remains should be cared for with the most jealous interest, New York, December others London special says George Peabody's will has not yet passed to probate at the Doctors' Commons. Peabody's property in England is set down at under £400,000. He bequeaths £5000 to each of his executors, £150,000 to his London charity payable in three years as directed ; a few leagues of minor amounts to individuals, and the remainder to be divided as provided among his relatives in America. The trustees are George Peabody Russell and two others, nephews, who are made residuary legatees, empowered to settle all affairs connected with the property in America, which is estimated at from three quarters to one million dollars. London, December 14th. - The steamer i Monarch, having the remains of George Peabody, has not yet put to sea, owing to a heavy gale. Much alarm is created by the sudden breaking out of the rinderpest in the great Cattle Show in this city. The steamship Brazilian, built expressly for the Suez Canal traffic, has been found to draw too much water. A despatch from Port Said announces that she attempted to make the passage, but was obliged to discharge half her cargo to get through. LONDON, December 11th report from the Admiralty Office says that for a distance of 35 miles the Suez Canal is subject to sand drifts reducing the depths, and to thick fogs bewildering the pilots. December 12th. de Lesseps denies that the Suez Canal is in want of funds, or requires international protection. He promises that all the unfinished work on the canal will be completed without interfering with navigation. London, December 11th. It is reported that February 8th is fixed upon as the day of assembling Parliament. JVtc 2 lines condemns the Orange Lodges. They answer no end but to perpetuate the idea of two races, one of conquerors, and the other of conquered. Statesmen should discountenance them. It is reported that Mr. Lowe, Chancellor of the Exchequer, does not find it necessary to raise a loan in open market to provide the means for the purchase of the telegraph lines, in accordance with the recent act of Parliament. London, December lath. The trial of Rev. Gwiuoy and others commenced at GuildHall. Keannolly opened for the prosecution. Chief Justice Cockburn presided. Her Majesty's Ministers hold three Cabinet meetings during the week, to consider the present critical condition of public affairs in Ireland, with the state of the island generally. It was resolved to proclaim the County Tipperary, province of Munster, and county and city of Londonderry, in Ulster, as being in a state of insurrection, as described in a late Act of Parliament providing therefor, and so empower- ing them to act that five thousand additional troops be immediately despatched to Ireland, raising the total force of the regular army there to about thirty thousand men. This is to meet the emergency at present. On the assembling of Parliament, on the 10th of January, a bill will be immediately introduced to empower the Government to suspend the habeas corpus in Ireland by executive order, not waiting for an Act of the Legislature, when deemed necessary for public safety to do so. Dublin, December 14th gun shop in this city was entered last night by unknown parties, and the owner was shot. The assassins escaped. Another gun shop was entered shortly after and the owner fired at A number of pistols were taken away. The Times, while admitting the improved quantity, quality, and price of Indian cotton, does not consider it is a possible displacement of the Aiuorionn description. Gotha, December 11th. Ernest, Duke of] Saxe-Coburg, is dying. Prince Alfred, of England, is his heir. News from Pekin says the treaty between Great Britain and China, negotiated by Berlin radio, has been ratified by the Chinese Government, Vienna, December 13th. - The Emperor Francis Joseph opened the Reichsrath to- day with a speech, He favoured a conciliatory course in dealing with the Dalmatian insurrec- tion ; dwelt upon the peaceful appearance of European affairs with satisfaction ; declared the Austrian Empire in excellent relations with foreign powers, over on a point which had momentarily caused some trouble ; referring to internal affairs, he announced that important concessions would be made to different nationalities ; a modification of the Constitution would be necessary, but must be made in accordance with its spirit. He closed by promising that the autonomy of the provinces would be respected as long as was compatible with the maintenance of the unity and power of the Empire. Late dates from Rio say the Brazilian Ministry has unsuccessfully opposed a continuation of the war against Paraguay, and tendered their resignations, which were accepted, 