"OUR AD EL AI D£ LETTER,^ ; . (JYQJQI our own Correspondent.) Members of -Parliament are suffering from' a fiblent5attack <if iiausea" arising fromt wo'causes.* First of all Strangways has 'succeeded;, in getting together -a Ministry; when, it was.taken. as a: foregone conclusion that he- would fail. Ttiis to. members ;isrthe head and front of his' offending. They had been carefully con cocting their little' plans, -and . devising, their little devices as to whatwas to follow when something did not take place, and .what con ,. tp be pro vided against, in "case somebody . got. a chance of^sncceedirig;*'8omel)ody- elsef The Attorney-General's vexatious success ha.s-t cruelly dashed ,all .these, hopes and longiilgs and plottiiigs. o:Mephistppheles; still .occupies the - pedestal, jand ; grins sardonically , at ., his-'adversaries. "Upon the:leading spirits-;amongst ?these.adver saries there/ will^not-be ,much sympathy . lost. The couritry ' has' no overweening 1 ovo foi/theml , Necessity^ dot.: affection; ?recognise3<;>their - claims :to sit,.in ^ high places in the lan^^:fBut;-flie\secpii4- VieWv of 'the question is ihore serious;' being ifounded upon rt.he.constitution of the new ^Ministry.' The'gi^eat'issue Has to be trieTd .whether ;Mr.;. Strangways"is"to remain for an indefinite time dictator ifi' South Aus- - tralia. He.has: ridiculed the idea of politics being a mere game of skittles, but he givesproofthat ho only regards itin .that light. He ^prefers-being, one of the skittles, and lias the proper ?amount/of; vitality to right himself when knocked down.. The only'point of variance be tween" himself ;aiid? the ' authors of the' simile he impugns is his refusal,tp roll out of the way when Overthrown and let another skittle take place. The.ardour. witli which he engagedan thej'task' of re fitting the shattered'^inisterial^^.sliip' was ; very edifying.' Beginning with Captain Hart, hel descended ;t6. the very ^awkward Squad of neWi memberdoru; His: weet;;as . a Cabinet, maker:: brought.ever-recurripg; surpiuses to tthefp^blic.;^ Baulked.in one .direction jKo-,turned snake /with a rfire:; lit;^round.it. . Eye^y:: ^aperture/ that; gaye;|the 'faintest' hope pf;' escape from the mortification of defeat' was tried. -' No past animosities' deterred him from seeking assistance. ISTo matter vfrom whatfquarter help offered itself, he was' ready to seize it. :When., Hart cautiously sidled; away from him lie sought Lindsay7; when .Milne shook his head'ihe appealed to- A. .Stow; when Blyth Tepulsed - him he turned to Carr! Yes,-event J6hn;Carr, the man whom he has lost no opportunity publicly and pri vately to taunt an d overwhelm with con tumely" was summoned from his peaceable home on the heights of1 J£c»dopaririga by ..special messenger and earnestly besought to bury the; past- and; commence.a nevr career. But .vain were-all these blandish ments. The only membersthey won was. Augustine Stow, at whose, appstacy his friends hold <np their."hands with pious; horror. What ! the man who last session was most vigorous in his condemnation of Strangways; who - was turned out -into recess three months, ago with Parlia mentary imprecations against' him; on his lips, to be, Chiefs Secretary -under Can political degradation further. go ? So questioned his. acquaintances in' indig nant sorrow, and .with;' amiable regrets they solemnly i supplied the I negative; The Teal truth is that such anomalous "reconciliations" aTe ,common;.: and ' have been allthroughlthe chapter. . Mri'Stow is rather te bo blamed' for want of;judgr: ment than fo^ any, gross transgression of the code politique.;'Disapp'ointed'ofcall old-member-.support. in the Assembly],the Attorney-General turned -in his despera tion to E. A.' Hamiltoni Architect," and prevailed upon him to step into the place of the Hon."H. K." Hughes. ; Mr.'Cava - I nagh eagerly accepted his forn^r position in the: Grown>Lands Office; -aiid Public I VV Art a - r vra a t ATVt.vncforl '. tn -- '(excuse me, I must refer tp the German ^dictionary.) Oli'yds !:: Mr; Xrieha'uff-a dealer in lands, mortgages^ and- commis sions. - '? ! This .was the list:1 submitted" to His Excellency,: on!^Thursday" last.- .It had taken .just one week in^-th©'preparation ; ^Jjut as Htt.isi."n6^iasceftaine)i]timeXwas 'mad.0 ,-nqobject..: Sir James,, r with >? the, xitmosi; solicitude for . his new Premier, had" authorised him-to take till doomsday to complete?-his list-;-and- can>4ny one blame him:?.- Was he not jn, some, r mea sure^-in full measure indeeid-committed" to thefdisBolutioni'and wa's-ihe^-iaot hound ^o have some justification for his,action. Were it better that. Strangways'-should dieand the. enemy. triumph inregard to, the dissolution, or that Strangways should^ liye and a color be given for triumph' over it/ The reply came quickly. Live Strangways and perish Scruple. Strang way^s scrambled irito\Ministeml: life again, and vice-regal sanb'tion- has 'been' given to his motley ^team^^ There is, this comfort about the_ affair-^ that it is im possible to treat it as other than a joke. No' one, I vow, has had, more hearty laughs iat the. idea of .leading, such a, Falstaff's regiment than the leader him self. Sir James, sober and grave as he is, mlist have indulged in a harmless smile at the result of the'Attorney-Greneral's industry ; and the publicj at all events the Adelaide public, have welcomed the; incoming of the new Government in a most hilarious manner. I can tell you in confidence that almost before they had been sworn in'their doom had been pro nounced, and it. "will go hard with them if they,are hot executed and interred with out benefit of' clorgy within the next three weeks. Hints have been-thrown out of a complete organization to unseat them ; the name of the man who moves the amendment on the Address is hinted at, arid "the succession has been almost determined upon. In short, members declare' emphatically concerning Mr. Strangways, "'We will, not " have this man to reign over us." That the new men "will die. without a sound ho one'expects.. The Attorney General bas too often shown that that is not his way of giving up the ghost, and he is alreadj' seeking'from outsiders that consolation in" his position'which mem bers' of the Legislature so unanimously deny him. Last night lis was present at a complimentary dinner given in Gawler to Messrs. Duffield and Baker, and he contrived to carry everything before him. His speeches were looked forward to with the most eager expectancy; his serious^bservatioria "Kef? extolled to the skies, and his humorous remarks ecnuyl1 by ; shouts of ; laughtei.. His speeches were characterised by ah elTron tery which almost out-Strangwaysed Strangways. Ho took infinite credit to himself for breaking up some party which he desig nated the governing clique, overlooking the fact that he himselt vas the most inveterate of all office-seekers-tho ring leader of all governing cliques. He even had* theTtemerity Ho- giyie-a- categorical account 'of the - policy- of .His Ministry.. although it ha.d, onlyjl|eeuTin.|6fiic<e. six; hours, and to^my certain lfenowled^e.had, not met an Cabinet. ? Hf 'promised land; reform (ignoring His past failures in"this direction), road ireform (ignpriiig the^cL tax), insolvency reform (ignoring the abortion:of last session);: and mineralj.re form. The great trump card was tho: construction of a telegraph line acrossrthe Continent to promote c^'municatiori-witlv! Great' Britain. ;These' wjere': tho, re'yela tioris made in his serious speech ; but He - had a facetious one, later in, thorevening.' of course, and.spoke thus-'<,;He;believgd he could say with Mr. Gav^naghj thatho, was a man of peace.>(LaTight'ei?j)' Eyery?: .body knew that he was of Lavmost:-;peace 'able disposition^.n.'(Laughter.) If a man sinote him on the.felieek he always'turned the otlier to1 be slapped. If a man tried to lift him out of his chair by theno8e, he . would Mot: twirl jhis moustache and- say,-; " My deaw ~ fell'aw, you'.ro . aw 'rathavy' hasty"-(renewed laught&rj;^limt - would knock'him dowin on'-the^pot. ^ He could I almost say. with . the old ^uaker-^'f I aifx a man of . peace, and my prayer is may every ; soldier kiJI^a layye^,; and; tako theji legal; conSequencejs?.':j(Iioars^ Ssidered .himsijlfuri^^ , of, it,, hei, wtas." 'not. such. a focjl. ^ He;had: teen for twelve' years - before the public, and ho had been kicked, out ofv office I six or seven times, and. yet .it was^stated lie. fthdught himself indispensable. No * xthere were) quite as good fish inlthe sea 'as jover were caught if only one kne\f what-bait to .use andf,where to look.fpr, them. (Laughter.), It,,was - not' every .fish that, .offer^driitself.v, that .Lwas-worth catching, and some,wha~heard Kim speak. 'Would know.;what^hemeant.,;' ;Again-. f^It^tpok aiclever;= man to,be a good > fool, j and whilst a'persou might bo an ass,' not every one - could ;be? a good . humbug. (Laughter.)" Pity it is ;to; have a man afc the head of affairs whose noblest ambi tion is to be a successful humbug. On the same evening that the dinner took place at? Gawler ono was given'at Kapundia to the late members, Messrs. Hart and Lewis. The new Treasurer, i Mr. Hamilton, was present, and was vve]l receivedbut'fromwliatrcangather liia time as a Minister will bo short. 