WIE-IILt. NG. At the Eoohhampton Circuit Court on thle 7th instant, Llewellyn E. Davies; lately an alderman of the town, na convicted of causing the death of his wife by beating her while they were both in a state of intoxication. Next day the prisoner was brought up for sentence, and (several witnesses hawing epoken Cavourably as to his charcter) the Chief Jsustice ad dreased him as follows :--" Llewellyn Edward Davies, -Thio is not a ease in which character can be of any nse. ' No doubt many other witnesses could be brought to give similarly favourable testimony. You must not think me destitute of sympathy for your sad poal tion or your domestic unhappiness. Since thie ad journment of the Court yesterday, I have given your case anxious consideration, lut the sentence of the Court cannot be lenient, or one of alight severity. You have heard the evidence given, and must have seen that facts have transpired which will not allow me to give way to sympathetic feeling. It is my duty \--and a very painful duty-to sentence you to a long and ignominimous coptivity, and one embittered by re flections on the dreadful crime yeou have committed which cannot fail to have a withering inflence on the rest of your life. It has transpired during the trial that yenou are a man of social position, and this adds to the pain and regret I feel in passing sentence upon yon. Blt sympathy must not bs allowed to distract my judgment. Is j tice to stay het hand when she strikce the man of Puncation, and reserve her terrors for those who have at least ignorance to plead in extenuation of their wrong-doing P She must not sety her hand, or many men, emboldened by impounity, will give reins to their passions and inflict death upon women while pretending to administer deserred correction. I must exeroise the powers society has confided to me for the protection of its precioas inter eats. A light punibshment in your ease would give rise to a foBing of insencrity in the community. With deep pain I pronounce the sentence of the Court, which is, seven years' penal servitude. The Norern Argus? says :-Upon hearing the sen tence the prisoner seemed to be completely paralysed; he stood with his eyes ficed upon the Judge, without moving or making any attempt to spea. He was touched several times by the aoler before he stirred, and Mr. Shoehy was at ist obliged to take his arm andleadhim fromthedootk. Heboweverrecovered him self, and left the Court in the same calm, almost indifferent manner he had exhibited throughoat the trial Commenting on the case the Buaetin hea the fol lowing:-The sentence of Llewellyn Davies appears to have created almost universal surprise. His orime, for obrious reasons, was deemed a comparatively venial one by those asquaintel with his long-continued domestic troubles, and his good qualities as a manand a citizen. But in the fase of the evidenoe tendered, the joury were bound to convice, and the judge to award a punishment corresponding to the revolting character of the erime. Had the prisoner killed his wife by a single blow in a moment of exasperation, that might have been some mitigation of the offence, but ber death was compassed by snuh brutal trueat ment as could scarcely be sarpassed by e Fiji savage. The man was farions from intoxication, no donbt, bet is society safe with such men outside a gaol or lunatio asylumP Had Davies been an ignorant oriminal taken from the lower classes, the probability is that he would hare been sent to the gallows; and we cannot perceire in his sentence anything more than the degree of punishment absolutely neeessary for the protectieon of society. Writhin a misle or two of Calliope diggings there is a watertourse, which i, ordinary nsesons has a well-. filled hole of clear, cool water, in tempting proximity to the road. Many a thirsty traveller has turned aside here to moisten his parched lips with nature's purest beverage. A few weeks ago a lady equestrian atopped at this spot, dismounted, and took a bealer of the refreshing liquid. But through the pellunid wanter thereglittered something, which at one diverted the lady's gaoe from herown beautiful (ofou nrae) eyes. What is this- yellow-heavy-it maust be gold! And such it prored-a handsome 7ao.-nugget. Glocidecse OiClereer. The invitation of his Erxcellenoy to the principal residents of the place to accompany him as his guests to Westwood, where a magniflcent collation was await ing them, was heartily and numeronsly responded to, and the joyouns throng loft by train on Saturday de termined to make a day of it. When the serious business of the houar, the :gastronomie part, was over, when pyramideof 8esh, fowl, andfruit haddisappeared, and champagne ceased flowing, the beauties of natnre exerted theirclaims to notice, and the company spread themselves "all about," in the highest good hamonr with tbemselres and everybody else, particularly their boat, who "led the laughter andenjoyed the conrersa tion." Just before learing by the return train, which started at a quarter to 7, vehausted nature received a further recruiting from additional refreshment, and the company reached town about half-past 6 o'oloek. There was no apoeechifying (that ghost to enjoyment), a wse prohibition--pity it can't be followed on other ocosions.--Nor/ters drgus, October 10. The Neso Zealand Herald seys :--With regard to the obstruection offered by the natives to the constroo ion of the telegraphl line, Mr. Commissioner Clarke and Mojor Hamlin (resident magistrate for Maketu), returned from Katitoriria on Wednesday last. At Orakeikoraho, Mr. Clarke met the obstructive ciatives who have stopped the telegraph line there, and, after a lengthened disoneussion, did not snceed in removing their objelctions. He left the settlement without any arrangemont having been come to, as tise natives insisted, with dogged obstinacy, on their determina tion to prevent the line crossing their country-a distance of five miles-unless they were paid £600, togther wPith a yearly payment of 1. for every post erected, and fis. additional for every post ect in their forest. Tlese repetitions of venatious and extortionate demands are becomiug quite disheartening. The Melbourne derguy, of October 6, says:-" We nanderstand that the royal commission appointed to consider the question of the federation of the Ans. tralian colonies havre agreed upon their report, which will probably be presented to his Encellenoy the Governor to-day. The report is said to be a thoroughly exhaustive one. In the Orat place, it recommends that an attempt should be made to obtain from the Imperial Government what may be termed a per missive act-an cet enabling the whole or any of the Australian colonies to unite for suchn purposes, such time, and under such conditioe:s, as they-may each nod aererally determine upon. The position of the colonies in thIe event of war between Great Britain and any other power was the subject of long and anxioes c?nsideration. It appears that the only power bhich the colonies do not possess which would enable them to maintain a position of neutrality is that of entering into negotiations with other states. Hod they this power;they would be enabled, in case af the mother country .engaging in war, to remain neutral, and would thus be in the same position as that oceupied by Hanover when ruled by a king of Great Britain, Nenfchatel under the King of Prussia, the lonian Islands when gorerned by a commission appointed by England, and Bavaria at the present time. The report suggeste that this power abould be conesded to thie colous,, so that, in the event of war, they may be free to take the course which may seem most advantageous?' MaHuaruc Cooos-Fon B saKaS. --The Globe says:--" Various importers and manufacturera hare attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, but we doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers dis covered the extraordinary qnualities of ?Mararilla' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of all species of the Theobroms, they hare produced an article which supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare conentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the'Maravilla CoUon above all others. For hlommncpaths and invalids we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." Sold, in packets only, by all grocers, of whom also may be had Taylor Brothers' Original HIommpathic Cocoa and Soluble Chocolate. Steam Mills-Brick-lane, London.--?rAv .] 11 The Seootman of the BOth July has the following: Considerable excitement at present prevails amongst ithe Germans resident at Leith and Edinburgh in con sequence of notice having been received calling upon the members of the Prussian Landwehr to proceed home at once, and take arms in defence of their country. The greater portion of the Landwehr who reside in this country are married men and in busi ness, and consequently those Riho obey the order must undoubtedly do so at great esoriflee. The penalty of non-compliance is very serious. The parties disobey ing suffer lose of cirvil rights in their native country, withl forfeiture of any property they might have in Germany ; and should they ever return they are liable to serve three years in the army, besides under going eveyn years?' imprisonment. 