HOME. THE COUNCIL AND ANGLICANS. The Globe of the 16th Dec., quoting the Church Herald, says :—" The name of those who form the committee on Anglican Orders of the Vatican Council are: Cardinals Reissch and Cullen, the Archbishop of Baltimore, with Drs. Manning and Ullathorne. Had Dr. Newman been in Rome he would have been asked to act as their secretary. In reference to this, the Tablet says:-—"We believe that our contemporary is in error in supposing that the committee has been appointed with such an object. Its real purpose is to receive any applications which Anglicans may desire to address to it, and to afford to sincere and earnest enquirers an opportunity of stating their views and principles, and of receiving friendly counsel and instruction." SCBAFS OP ROMAN NEWS. Under tbe above heading,Catholic Opinion, of December 25th, has the following:— " On the actual progress of the Council, no reliable reports reach the open air. The Fathers meet with closed doors, and all who are in the secret, of course, observe religiously the oath of secrecy which binds under mortal sin and excommunication. " On the question of Papal Infallibility, the unanimity is remarkable. On this point the Bishops freely speak their minds, which is one argument that it is not one of the subjects included in the programme. " It is said that the Holy Father expects the Council may have concluded all its business, so as to be closed in June, on tbe feast of SS. Peter and Paul. But even in the case of the Holy Father this is a conjecture: for the Council has met, not to endorse any cut and dried programme, but to do whatsoever God the Holy Ghost shall inspire it to do, " The arrivals of the Bishops may be conidered over, or nearly so. In fact, of the hole Catholic Episcopate, there are not more han about three hundred absent in their dioceses, either detained by violence as in Russia, or by age and infirmities, or by duties to their flocks which have been judged indispen- " Great grief is felt in Rome at the news received a day or two ago, that the venerable and beloved Archbishop Polding, Metropolitan of Sydney (I heard from him a few days ago, on the eve of his departure for Rome by the Suez route), has been taken ill at Aden, and been obliged to turn back. Those who know the energy of the holy Archbishop, entertain the conviction that bis illness must be most serious, and look with the deepest anxiety for the next telegram. The amiable and tenderhearted Apostolic Bishop is so well-known, personally or by report, in America and England, as the pioneer of the Church in Australia, its first bishop, and the founder of its hierarchy, that his absence or death is felt by many of us like the loss of a father or beloved friend. His- place will not easily be ra^Tbeofficial list is now published of all the Fathers taking part in the Council, and is thus stated:— Cardinals Patriarchs ... ••• Primates, Archbishops, and Bishops, and Abati nullins Mitred Abbots... Generals of Orders 51 9 653 21 28 \- 762 APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES OP THE COUNCIL. Some of our Protestant contemporaries, who eurpass themselves just now in the truthfulness candour, and scrupulous caution with which they always discuss religious questions, reproach the Holy Father with suppressing the liberty of the Council by nominating to the various Commissions and Congregations only Prelates devoted to himself. The/arf is, as we Jeara from the Echo tie Romaj'tba.t he h as sikratanefcusly abandoned his nghtto appoint themi leaving the choice to the gathers alone. So much for this misrepresentation. THB.POEBAJTO CATHOLIC JO0BNAM8T6. \- In a'reeent interview iriththe Bishops of Belgium, the Holy Fatherspokeof the important mission of the religious press in on day, and deigned to acknowledge the services which it renders to tbe cause of Christian truth and liberty. Turning to the Bishop of Ghent, his Holiness expressed his particular approval of the Sien Public, published in that city, and sent his benediction to the editors. All who are engaged in the same work will find in this incident a new encouragement, a new motive to labour, each in his own sphere, with zeal and prudence. It is tbe Vicar of Christ who tells us what is our mission, and in what spirit of courage and moderation we should continue to discharge it. In a special audience granted to the chief editor of the Univers, M. Veuillot presented to the Holy Father 75,000 francs, a portion of the offerings collected by that journal towards the expenses of the Council. "I had not seen the Holy Father," says M. Veuillot, " for nearly two years. I could not detect, though I observed him carefully, the least sign of change in his personal appearance. In spite of the immense labours which he imposes upon himself, and the innumerable audiences which he grants to people from every part of the world, his health has not been affected in the smallet degree. He is full of vigour and serenity." OFFERINGS TO THE POPE. The ladies of Lima have sent to the Pope, by the hands of the Archbishop of Quito, a silver casket containing 7000 francs in gold. The Republic of the Equator having presented to its President, Senor Moreno, a magnificent medal enriched with precious stones, tbe latter has transferred the gift, with the consent of the donors, to Pius iX. The Archbishop of Caraccas was the bearer of 80,000 francs, and at his embarkation was surrounded by a great multitude of his flock, offering jewels and other presents to be laid at the feet of his Holiness. The Archbishop of Rennes took from his diocese 150,000 francs, and the Bishop of Ghent 272,000. " Your Flemings are very rich," said the Pontiff to him, with that smile which charms all on whom it falls, " but they are also very generous." A collective offering from British Catholics was conveyed by Colonel Gordon, and the Marquis of Bute presented in his own name a processional cross of massive silver, adorned with precious stones. The Holy Father was pleased to command that it should be used in the procession at the opening of the Council. THE BOMAN COBBESPONDENT OP " THE TIMES." Elsewhere we point out some of the egregious misstatements which are charged to the Times' correspondent by the Catholic journals, and we perceive with satisfaction that that gentleman has at length been constrained to admit that he and others, similarly employed, are subject to be veiy frequently hoaxed. He does not frankly make that admission, but no one can doubt but that the following observations which we find in one of his latest communications, "were made to excuse imself for his previous misrepresentations:— " To find out the truth of what is going on . . . iB at this moment difficult beyond conception. Every day, even every hour, brings up its story, admirably plausible and admirably set out, with irresistible accompaniments of circumstantial evidence, but which in nine cases out of ten will prove an ingenious hoax. To piek one's way amidst these snares without becoming the victim of delusions is what no man can feel quite sure of." If people would only keep in mind that every member of tbe Council, and all the officials, are sworn to secrecy, they would interpret this confession as follows: "Don't believe what I say, for I know no more than you do, and am every day the victim of an ingenious hoax." 