CHAPTER xvm. It was true that " people " had begun to talk. People soon begin to talk in these timeB; the Bhadow of suspicion falls easily on the best of us, and is the hardest task in the world to shake off. The world will goBsip, and find its own reason for our actions, and prate on unceasingly about them, multiplying our evil ways, and giving us credit for no good. People, had .begun to talk of Edmund tianceford and Kitty Dornton—to talk a great deal about them, for in this quiet country place it was a new excitement, and kept the scandal-mongers lively. There was DO proof of wickedness or weakness; but those who knew the human heart could guess it all well enough. .More than one servant at' the lames had - seen Edmund Lanoeford lingering" about tha l&lge; gates of an evening in Jemmy Dornton's absence —had seen him chatting in a lively manner to the pretty lodge-keeper, and the pretty lodge-keeper blushing at his compliments "People" put that down at once to lovemaking : and aa no love- making between a poor man's daughter and a rich young heir could be honest, why they fastened'on two characters at once, dhd began to buzz their doubts around them, and make things ten times worse than the reality—the " people's" way in general! And Ned Lanceford really meant no harm Jemmy's daughter had grown to a beautiful young woman, and he had paid her a few compliments, and smiled at her once or twice, and felt a little strange when he felt the full force of her own bright smile returned him. Then he began to think how pretty she was, and what a dangerous gift her good looks were, and then to wonder if she would be at the lodge to open the gates when he rode homewards, and then to hope she would be, and finally to linger there, and rally her on her sweethearts in his usual good-tempered way, and admire the frequency of the - blushes as they chased one another over her cheeky Edmund Lanceford was naturally idle and thoughtless; he had no pursuit, no attachment of the heart in another direction now; and it was pleasant to fancy the girl was pleased to see him, and that her face brightened when it was turned towards his own. There were so few glad to see him now that the novelty of the thing had its attraction. Oh! there was no barm. Why, when he was a" boy, he had been partial to Kitty Dornton; he had been almost her playfellow, and had teaBed her out of her life with his boy's tricks, and frightened her to death with ghost-stories in the winter time, when there was a long dark avenue perhaps to traverse before reaching the house with a message. He liked Kitty Dornton, and now he had plenty of money at command he intended to give her a hundred pounds as dowry when she married a swain in his father's service or from one of the neighbouring villages. There was no harm, even when it came to smoking his cigars at the lodge gates, strolling along the avenue for a change, and luring Kitty to the door of the lodge with some frivolous inquiry, and keeping her there, half pleased and half frightened, till she forgot time and her in-door needlework, and everything but Edmund Lanceford's words, which were beginning to'be treasured up and valued far too highly. For Kitty Dornton, though she was a good girl—even " innocent as heaven," as we have heard the doting father say once in her younger years—could not help thinking too much of Edmund Lanceford. She was far from a vain girl; but she knew she was a country beauty, and that the Dorsetshire clodhoppers were falling in love with her every day. She had sense enough too to know that Edmund Lanceford was as far removed from her as the stars; but she was at a romantic age, and lords and gentlemen did fall in love with humble beauties sometimes—she had read as much in story-books. She knew she should never be married to him ; but she might love him in her humble way—yes, it came to thinking of loving him in a humble way at last!—and even live single all-her life for his sake, though ho married a grand lady and took her away to a large house of his own, where he would live happily, and never think of her. Heigho! she might be dying for him then, and he never a bit the wiser! And then the people began to talk, although Kitty knew nothing of the talking as yet, and wondered a little at strange looks and stranger hints from her wellwishers to take care. People talked BO in the next village, and in the lower regions of the Limes, that the rumour reached the ears of Jemmy Dornton at last, who laughed at first, and then swore and " darmed " the eyes and limbs of all the gossiping fools in Dorsetshire who hadn't anything better to do than backbite honest people and think ill on 'em. He could trust his daughter Kitty, and, ay, he could trust Master Edmun', his master's son, too, for all his goings on. He had growed a rackety lad, but he wouldn't turn his poor girl's head or break a poor man's heart. He knew what the Lanceford blood wor made on better nor that. And the brown hand came with a crash on th^ kitchen-table and frightened the souls out of his listeners. And yet the people talked still, and Jemmy Dornton could not live down the scandal or stop his neighbours' tongues. He could even think it was a little Btrange that Kitty coloured up whenever he spoke of Mast'r Edmun'—that it was a trifle more strange Mast'r Edmun' being so often near the lodge, and selecting the avenues so often for his evening promenade. His own master spoke of Kitty at last; he had opened the lodge gates for him, and Kitty, who had run eagerly to the door, had disappeared as quickly when ehe had caught-a glimpse of Mr. Lanceford's face. " I want you at the house, Jemmy." " Very well, sir." And Jemmy, touching his front lock of hair, had walked down the avenue a few yards in the rear of Mr. Lanceford, till that gentleman had signed to him with his riding-whip to approach a little closer. " Your daughter grows a handsome girl, Jemmy." "God bless her!—yes." " She had better go back to service than stop here, I think," waB Mr. Lanceford's remark. " I have too many grown-up eons, and young men will admire pretty faces. You and I did when we were younger, Jemmy." He uttered lightly his remark,' and laughed a little; but it was received not lightly by the old domestic. He took it for a warning, and it was meant to be thus taken. Still Jemmy Dornton did not feel inclined to send his daughter to London again. He had faith in his girl; she was his only child, and life was lonely without her. He had faith too, like a servant of the good old school, in those he served, and he would not believe for an instant in any of is young masters doing him or Kitty harm. And "-that Edmun'" had been such a noble boy too—had been in love with a young lady whom his father wouldn't let him many; and would no more think of his Kitty than of his old 'ooman who was dead and gone. ' He would put a pal-lal caBe to young Mr. Edmun', and tell him not to joke any more with Kitty as if he and she were boy and girl still, and would hint at the evil he was unconsciously becoming the agent of. He knew he had only to speak, and it was time, mayhap 1 Bo JemmyDornton watohed foi Edmund Lanceford, and had not long to wait his op portunity. That evening Ned Lanceford sauntered down the avenue in his usual listless fashion—cigar in mouth, after the usual fashion too. Half-way down the avenue he was somewhat surprised to find Jemmy Dornton at his elbow. " Well, Jemmy, old fellow, you're bound homewards early to-night." " Roight, Master Edmun' — «Master Edmun',' says I," he repeated with laugh, "juBt as if you wor the boy still, sir!" " I wish I were sometimes, when I'm inclined to be misanthropical. Know what that big word means, Jemmy?" " Not exactly, sir." " Buy a good dictionary and. you'll find the definition — ' mulligrubs.' Forcible, neat, and expressive." " I'm a going home early to-night to read a story I'm a little interested in," saiiDornton very gravely. " Why, you can't read, Jemmy." I can read this one—my daughter's been trying to teach me letters lately, loike a good girl as she be." " Well, what's the story about? " " Aboot a young girl, very good and innercent, whose good name's being tooked away from her—a young girl who thinks no harm, and knows nothing of the world. There be a young man in that story, naterally enough." "A young man who meanB no harm too, I hope, Jemmy," said Edmund, the colour burning in his face and settling there. " I hope so too—I arn't got to the end of the story, and can't tell. I doan't believe for an instant he would hurt a hair o' that girl' s head, although he be going the way to kill her, by making people talk aboot her. He be only foolish and thoughtless, I believe —I wull believe! He be fond of hie jeBt— he always wor—and I think, if he knew what harm he be doing, even for an old sarvant's sake, he'd stop. You'll excuse the story, sir, if it's anything pal-lal like, I know." And the old man's instinctive reverence for his master and his master's sons made him look a little anxiously into Edmund Lanceford's face. "That story will end all right, old man. Upon my soul, it shall!" he cried more warmly. " Thank'ee, sir—thank'ee. I knew I had only to speak." " Depend upon it, Jemmy, it's a foolish story with little truth in it, although the heroine may suffer notwithstanding. We'll cut the young man out of the tale and end it happily. Good-night." And wheeling round abruptly, Edmund Lanceford pitched his cigar into the lake and marched back towards the Limes. He had made up his mind; he would take his father's advice and go abroad—if only for Kitty Dornton's sake, it was but fair. Going abroad for the sake of a coachman's daughter was somewhat amusing, and he laughed bitterly to himself as he approached the house. He should see life abroad. Perhaps, if he preferred foreign cities and the foreign acquaintances he should make therein to England and the English, he would settle down there. No one cared for him in his native land ; his brothers had pursuits and friends of their own; his friends were loose fish for whom he had no esteem; and his father had crushed out his first romance and made him a worldling early. Standing on the broad flight of steps before the entrance doors, he wondered if Kitty Dornton would miss him at all, even if she would not miss him more than all his relatives and acquaintances put together. Confound the girl! how 'she bothered his brain, and kept his heart beating ! And 60 people had begun to talk of Kitty and him already, to ascribe to him unworthy motives, and to bespatter her with that devilish black slander for which no woman once marked out ever escaped with her fame entirely unsullied. For half the people who talk are content with the scandal, and will doubt or evade the refutation. Saints are few and sinners are many, and if we put too much truBt in the first, the last will escape us! Edmund Lanceford commenced his packing the next day. Five years ago he was preparing for a journey in search of a lady: now he was hurrying away from a servant girl. He did not leave home with a very light heart in the first instance; he did not feel particularly cheerful even now, though, affairs were different, and he was neither morbid nor misanthropical. Once or twice he felt almost in a chivalrous glow; for was he not one in a thousand—he who preferred leaving England, and breaking a hundred engagements for the season, to the robbery of a fair girl's name on hiB account ? And perhaps he had not acted quite straightforwardly—the world thought him frank and honest at least, and he was only a sly hypo- crite. Perhaps he had in the impulse of the moment, not designedly, led the girl to think he had a little affection for her. He had sought her company more often than was necessary; he had ridden in and out the lodge gate too many times, and lingered at the lodge too often talking to her, not to turn her pretty weak head a little. He had taught her to blush at his compliments; and her face to light up at his approach. He had pressed her hand more than once, and one evening—he left off packing to consider that, and sat arm in arm with the devil thinking it over—he had suddenly caught her in his arms and kissed her and made her cry, and then begged very hard for forgiveness of his rudeness, and muttered some incoherent words by way of excuse that it was her beauty or his love had mastered him— till Batty had hidden her burning bluBhes in the lodge and shut him out in the moonlight. God forgive him! he had been a great villain. It was his duty to go—he had not done many noble actions in his life to begrudge himself this one. Yes, he would go; and drawing himself up proudly, and looking his fate in the face, he seemed a young man who could perform a noble action yet. And that same day the rumours were very busy with Kate Dornton's name, and the news of Edmund Lanceford's early departure from England came to the fair lodge-keeper and struck at her a double blow. And when this girl knew—as she took pains to know, for her pride was roused and there was a true woman's spirit in her—all that had been spoken of her in the village and whispered in ^ the servants' hall, Kitty Dornton was hardly recognisable. The colour vanished from her cheeks and lipB; an expression something akin to despair settled on her face, shadowing and lining it; a weakness of limb, a difficulty of breathing, a prone- nessof her eyes to fill suddenly with tears, following': the good name of the Dorntons was lost, and her name was lightly talked of by all who had known her from her childhood and should have trusted in her more. Why, there were old school companions, some even in service at the Limes, who passed her now, too proud-of their own virtue to believe'in hers and there was a look in the eyes of the men-servants up at the house, and the coarse villagers in the neighbourhood, which -reddened her cheeks for an inBtant, but made iter heart sink fearfully. And then, to add to'her'inward grief, though she tried hard to repress that now, Edmund Lanceford passed in and out of the gates, if they were 'open, without glaiioing towards the lodge; and if he returned late and •she' had -to open them, he gave a grave " thank you; Kitty," and rode on with his eyes fixed on his horsed mane. Well, it was beBt he should forgather—if he had ever thought of her, which was doubtful—so much the better for him and herself 1 Still she Bhould have liked him to glance towards her once or twice; it seemed aB if he were turning against" her with the cruel little world in which she lived.' Edmund Laneeford glanced towards her at last—it was in the twilight, returning from a ride with Nathan two days before his proposed departure. "How dreadfully ill that girl is look- ing!" involuntarily exclaimed Nathan, when she had opened the gates and they had passed through and left her standing there. "Who—Kitty Dornton?" asked Edmund quickly. " Yes. She gives me the horrors, Ned. Where are you going ? " Ned had wheeled sharply round, and brought his horse's head against the gates again just as Kitty was locking them. She gave a start and turned more deathlike than before. "What is the matter, girl?" he asked with an abruptness that sounded to Kitty's ears very fierce and stern. "Nothing, sir." "Are you ill?" " No, sir." She moved towards the lodge in a hurried manner, for she was ill that night, and Ned Lanceford sat On his horse's back and watched her. She faltered once as her foot touched the one step before the lodge, and reached out her hand towards the ivied wall to steady herself. The instant afterwards Ned Lanceford, with flashing eyes and heaving chest, was at her side. " Kitty, do you know I am going away— that I think it best ? " Kitty did not answer. His hand held her arm so tightly that she winced with pain. I am going for your sake—tell me to stop." "No, no." "Tell me to stop, for mercy's sake ! " " Let me go—let me go, Mr. Lanceford; you are too cruel; " and Kitty broke away and darted into the lodge. Edmund Lanceford went back, sprang into his saddle, and rode after his brother, who waited for him fifty yaTds in advance. " Why, Ned, I shall begin to believe it's all true," said Nathan as he came up. " What's all true ?'.' he asked fiercely. "This flirtation of yours with pretty Kitty. Is she fretting about your going away ? " "I wish she were! " " Why ? " asked Nathan, surprised. " It's a change to have someone fretting for me; if I left a dog behind me sorry for my going, I should go away the happier." My dear Ned," said Nathan, "you are a strange fellcw. You are aB greedy of affection at times as if you were lavish of it yourself. This is the old complaint of five years since. Does it arise from the same disease ? " " No!" was the short response. " What is there to fret about beoause a brother leaves for the continent ?—I wish I had the chance! " I shall settle down there, perhaps, for ever!" "Not you!" "Why not?" " Because you'll never settle dow% anywhere," said Nathan, with a laugh. ' "You'll see." The brothers rode the rest of the way in Bilenoe, each thinking of the other's words. The remainder of the evening was spent together in the drawing-room. Mr. Lanceford was absent, and Nathan did his best to divert Edmund's mind and become a conversational being—doing three-fourths of the talk, and all the laughing. In the middle of Nathan's efforts, his elder brother broke in with:— Supposing that girl : were fretting for me, haven't I a right to make her sorrows less, if the power be in my hands ? " "It depends " " It depends on nothing but my own will, and I am my own maBter. I have been fool enough to make love to' her; why should I not suffer for it ? What is the world to me that I should study it, or fear its talking ? I never made one' soul happy in my life, and here's a chance slipping through my hands!" "Eubbish,Ned, rubbish! If you have made love to her, the girl has been equally to blame to listen, knowing your position. - Don't go niBhing at a folly in haste, that you will bitterly repent of at leisure." " What an oyster you-'are, Nat! How it is possible for a cold-blooded party like yourself to play Othello well, puzzles my comprehension! You don't believe in love and disinterested affection—you have no feeling, no——" "Hold there!'' cried Nathan, starting up—"it's all a lie—it's my old grievance— you don't understand me. I believe you never will now—I give it up!". After a moment he cried—"you talk of love, and fancy yourself smitten with every woman you meet—you know nothing about it. You' would have married -a girl- five years ago, of whom you would have been tired by this time—you would many Jemmy Dornton's daughter in a romantic fit that must die out and leave your life a wreck that's not love!" " What's your idea of it ? " said Edmund, bitterly. " Love has patience, courage, and faith. It can wait, and pray, and trust in better times—can live on without hope, 'Snd bless the hand and heart that will not seek its own. It does not change with years-—save to grow Btrongtr and more pure. - Edmund Lanoefbrdvas taken aback at this new phase of his brother's character. He could account for Othello being very well impersonated then. There was passion and life in his words; there was grace and manliness in his actions. No, he did not know Nathan Lanceford yet. " What—touched at last, Nat?" " I don't say so!" "Well, m not press you, Nathan—love confessions to one's Mends or brothers are not pleasant ordeals, and I'm only in the humonr for my own troubles, just at present. Still, Nat," offering Ms hand, "God speed you—you wished me that five years since, when under the spell!" . " And one good torn deserves another— thank you!" . They shook -hands, and then Edmund left the drawing-room and went into the night air again, and began walking up and down the lawn before the house till hie feet were wet with the dew. He was strangely excited that night; his hands were hot, his temples throbbed, he felt discontented with everybody, himself included. He was going away in two days, and only one in the world was grieved at bis departure. His father had calmly approved of his intention, and expressed no regTets at separating from his first-born; Nathan had only shown a little animation that night, more on bis own account than his brother's; and Willie had ridden off to Melcombe Begis as usual, despite his promises to spend the whole of that week with him. And that girl's white face—ha! perhaps it was too late, and the good name was lost before his absence could save it. Lost, and by-his own folly.' He went round to the stables and sought out Jemmy. "Dornton, I want you." Jemmy was waiting for Mr. Lanceford and Willie's return, leaning with his back against the door which led to the lower rooms and servants' hall at the Limes. His arms were crossed and he seemed regarding intently the great horn lantern at his feet. He looked up as Edmund came into the paved yard, but he shook his head at the request. " I can't come—I'm busy," he said with less civility than usual. " That story, man—how did it end ? " " Bad for the girl; I thought it would." "But the man goes—is going away!" " Too late, sir; the parish know all about it, and my girl's name be blasted for ever and ever, here! She be everything that's bad now; there's no innercence in her, according to. her friends within there; " said Jemmy, jerking his hand in the direction of the servants' hall. " I ha' had enough of it; I can't bear their whispers aboot her, and their pity aboot me. Darm 'em !—I wants no pity from such as them- loikes. I'm a proud old man, and aboove it!" "And this is my fault," groaned Ned Lanceford. " Ay, your fault, Master Edmun'—mny- \- hap it'll be a lesson to you. I doan't say even now you meant to harm her—I needn't Bay I doan't bolieve a word of what they talk aboot—I know her, and I fancy I know you. But it be all the same as if the worst had happened, and the shame will kill my girl, who bean't strong, who was alius weak and gentle!" " I have been a fool! " " A trifle more than a fool once, Master Edmun' Lanceford, or they belie you indoors here. They think that the leaBt that happened—I say it be the worst, for I ha' my girl's word for it. You made some sort of love to her once—you kissed her, didn't you?''—and the old man sprang erect, and kicked the lantern over in his vehemence. " Yes," cried Edmund. "Well, well, well, I forgave you last night for it when my daughter wor crying on her knees. I forgave her and you. Good-night to you. Doan't talk of it again, never no more, for I can't abear it! " And the old man turned away iiis head. Ned Lanceford went home, and proceeded to deliberately unpack again; the mischief •waB done, and going abroad would only in- crease suspicion, not lessen it. There would be no pleasure in leaving England. There was a strange wild charm in lingering about the Limes now, and living down slander— perhaps save Kitty Dornton from its evil effects, if his assertion were necessary. His father might wish him gone; but he had never cared to-obey half-wishes, given as advice and warning, and other unpalatable pills. On the day that he should have departed Kitty Dornton gave way; she became seriously ill, and the doctor from Dorchester was called in." Though a child of poor parents, Kitty had known little care or trouble till that time—she had been in her little sphere one of fortune's favourites, for father and mother had given her her way and studied her wishes. Now all her troubles had set in, and she was too weak to withstand the first rush of them. Doubtless she would have beaten them off in time, for there was no little energy in the character of Kitty Dornton; but there was one whose conscience stung bim, and who would not wait for time. A noble, impulsive nature, spoilt by wilfulness and an early •want of moral training—a nature that acted on the instant for good or ill, and left cool deliberation, perhaps repentance, for the hour beyond, when to change was to look like a knave. Edmund Lanceford heard of Kitty's illness late in the day, and started at once for the lodge without his hat, as he had risen from dinner -with Mr. Lanceford and his brothers. He would wait for nothing; he had worked much of evil, and the act of reparation seemed easy. He reached the lodge and pushed open the door that was ajar. Jemmy Dornton was standing with his back to the door talking to a sleeky gentleman in black—the doctor from Dorchester. Jemmy turned red and frowned at this sudden appearance of his young master, and the doctor bowed and rubbed one hand over the other, and said, " Mr. Lanoeford, I •presume?" * "YOB," shortly returned Edmund; "how's the patient—where is she ? " "It doan't matter where she be," said Jemmy; " it be none of your business. Master Edmun'." " Yes it is! How is she ? V "She appears weak, pulse vei some febrile symptoms—nothing a.. Mr. Lanceford," replied the doctor; eibly to- morrow " "Iseheop?". ng. pOB- " She is sitting by (be window of her room —a little freshair " " Where' be you going ?" shouted Jemmy. " Let me pass, Dornton—I can cure her with a word. Only me, and I mean it. Don't stop me, man—make way!" He said something in a lower tone, and Jemmy, turning more red than ever, distended his eyes and gasped for breath. "No—no—you doan't know what you be saying—you had better go away!" " I have made up my mind! " said Edmund, looking very stern. " But, Mr. Lanceford—but " "I am my own master—Jemmy, I must see her! You, her father, don't want to kill her, surely?" Jemmy let him pasB, and he entered the toom and ran towards Kitty, sitting at the window in her father's easy chair. She turned a startled .look towards him, half rose, and then sank back again. "Oh! Mr. Edmund." "Hush—don't excite yourself, Kitty—I will leave you directly. I have come to save you from slander and give you my name, if you'll have it! Tell those who have anything to say against you that you are Edmund Lanceford's promised wife. It is the plain truth!" "Oh! Mr. Edmund," the girl repeated, covering her face, scarlet enough now, with her hands, and trembling violently, " it mustn't be—it can't be." " Love levels all distinctions, Kitty—and I'm not the first who has been content with beauty and virtue, and cared nothing for the heiresses round me. Fine ladies are not fit for me, Kitty; I never liked them. There! I will not bother you any longer, only remember—live for me! " He took her hand and kissed it, and then hurried through the lodge into the avenue, without apprising Jemmy and the doctor of the result of his strange courtship. Under the limes he walked for a few minutes, looking grave and stern, and very unlike a lover returning from a triumphal love scene; then he turned to the left and dived into the great park appertaining to the Lanceford estate. He wound his way amongst the treeB till he reached a deep green dell, dusky with the shadow of the foliage, where he flung himself full length, and tried to remember what had happened, and to think of the life that lay beyond, and of her who was to share it with him! (lb be continued.J 