A &TKANGE; STORY. Another proof of the old adage 'murder will out' is given by the Trenton Scirrfhe/.v— It is forty yuara ago, or more, since- the dead body of o- stranger was found in- (no woods, near the- Stonybrook Bridge, aboat one mile to the- east of Pcnnington, a village in New Jersey county. We were a child then, resided near said! village, and remember tin? circumstance well. It was an incident to make a lasting impression in a quiet, rural neighbourhood. Years later, when we boys used to go in to swim in that locality, more or less fears were always excited by reference to the circumstance, for boyhood, as well as age, is superstitious. Nobody believes in ghosts, and yet almost everybody is afraid of them 1 The body was found in a sitting posture against a beech tree. The face was distorted, the eyes protruding, as though the dead man luid died in agony. His hat lay a few feet from him. His dress betokenedonc in comfortable circumstances. He was a stranger, and uoone ever remembered to have seen him. There was no money upon the corpse. The body, without special examin ation, was buried, we forget where. There were no wounds upon it. and no evidence of violence. At that day, public scrutiny was not so acute in reference to tlie mysterious deed, and no verdict of supposed murder was recorded. And now comes the strange elucidation of the case. A few days since accident placed in our hands a copy of the Manchester (England) Examiner. In that number we found the dying confession of a man named Daniel Hulscmcn, acknow ledging to a murder perpetrated forty .veal's ago, in the State of New Jersey, United States of America. The murdered man's name was James Eberhart. The murderer was acquainted with his victim iu the old country, and came out about one year before him. Hulseman was a tanner, and worked in New York. When Eberhart came over he sought out his old acquaintance. He had about £200 in money. On pretence of examining the country and purchasing land, Hulseman started with Eberhart on a tour through new Jersey. He had with him a flask of poisoned brandy, as he resolved to murder his friend for the money he had. They first stopped at Princeton, and then concluded to walk across the intervening nine miles to Pcnnington, the yreathcr being pleasant, and public travel being greatly cir cumscribed. When within a mile of the latter place they stepped over into the woods, under a tree, to partake of some victuals they had procured before starting. Hulseman then passed his flask to his companion, who drank liberally, and died within an hour thereafter in fearful agony. Hulsemau looked on all the while. He then robbed him of his money and set him up against the tree, as before described. There arc still old men about Princeton who will remember this event. It seems almost marvellous that after a lapse of forty years this affair should have come to light by a death-bed confession, three thousand miles from the place of coin mission. And yet it is even so. 