DONALD BOSS AND HIS CONFESSION. SPECTATOR. SIR, —The last act in the Springsure tragedy has been played out, and the curtain has fallen upon the sad scene. Of the unhappy culprit Donald Boss, I say nothing. Guilty and con demned for one of the foulest murders on record, he has gone into the pretence of tbe Great Judge of aIL Of the living, however, I mutt say a word. The language—the prayers— of the Bey. James Carson, as reported in the local paper, and in your paper, are sadly awanting in Christian wisdom and pru denoe. They must give great pain to ail seriously-disposed people, while they cannot bat provoke the coarse jest and scoff of the world* ling. Standing upon the fatal drop, Mr. Carson prays: " Into thy meraiful hand, O Lord, we commend the soul of this thy terra**, mow about to depart from the body. Beeeive him, we humbly beseech thee, into the arms of thy mercy, into the glorious society of the saints in heaven. Amen." Then, taking Boas by the hand, he continues: " God the Father who hath created thee, God the Son who hath re deemed thee, God tie Holy Ohott who hath i*f*ud Bit grace into thee, be now and ever more with thee,-assist thee in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life. Farewell." Tbe first of these quotations is not so bad, because it is prayer, however badly warded; the second is simply shocking and revolting. No Pope or priest ever pronounced such words over a murderer; and no fallible mortal can truthfully pronounce them over any one. " God the Holy Ghost, who hath infused His grace unto thee," on the lips of any mortal, is featful presumption, while the "infusion of grace" is downright absurdity. What fa: lows is a fitting conclusion to die whole sad business. " Mr. Carson thinks there is good reason to hope that Boss was truly penitent. He trusted in God for Christ's sake for forgiveness, and ac knowledged that he could not do anything of himself. He had not a full assurance of faith, but he trusted in God, and hoped confidently that God Would forgive him." Ido not profest to fully understand this jargon, but I know who it is who says by their fruits ye shall know them. As this is not the lint time (vide Archibald's case) that Mr. Carson has outraged the feelings of the community, I hope the authorities of his Churoh—if such there be—will take the matter up. The Presbyterian Assembly in Victoria a. few days ago, as reported in the Argu*, were disousting the propriety of preparing forms of prayer for baptism, marriage, funerals, and nmilar eases. They decided, however, again** such forms: Sfspposing, I presume, that all the wisdom of the past, all the wisdom of many'minds, was not equal to the impromptu utterance of one man, young or old, wise or foolish. Had they had the records of the cxc- ; cation of Donald Ross, and the prayers of the Rev. James Carson, before them, they would perhaps hare come to • different conclusion.—- Yours, Ac, 