CHARLES DICKENS, AMONO the moat attractive, writers of fiction in th Victorian era of English literature, Charles Dicken . occupies a high place. Indeed, taking the extent t i, which his writings ure circulated through the worl as the test of popularity, it may ho said that he i second to none in tho power to win the attentio and applause of the million ; and os his iinaginatio has all along been enlisted in the service i humanity, ho deaorves to bo a favourite. He wt ' bom at Landport, in Humpshiro, England, in 181: His father, Mr. John Dickens, had a situation in tl Pay Department of tho Navy, and being penrione off 'at tho conclusion of tho war with Franc ho became a Parliamentary roportèr. His so Charles was placed as clerk in an attorney's office ,: but ds he had moro inclination for literary eflbi .- than for the business of the office, and soon prove \- himself capable of composition that gavo promiso < ",', creditable attainment, he was offered a position r j, reporter on the True Sun. Thonco he went to tb ?? Morning Chronicle, on which ho was engaged unde Mr. John Black. Soon after the commencement t his engagement as a reporter on this paper, he wrol ? .for it "Sketches of English Lifo, by Boz." Th first of theso appeared in the year 1836, and u once gained for "Boz" a wido- spread popu . laxity. And, of course, the favourable receptio he mot with stimulated him to now efforts. " Boz! waa distinguished by tho boldness with which h introduced upon the pages of fiction phases c English life that had been generally regarded up t that time as lying outside the.fields of romance While showing by some of his delineations that h had not given up his own refinement, he brough upon the scene illustrations of coarse and brutn character, relieved with striking examples of pur and gentle human nature. About this timo he wrot a comio opera, " the Village Coquettes." Sooi afterwards he was engaged by Chapmai and Hall to writo a serial in monthl; parts, to bo illustrated by Seymour. H gave to this now story tho titlo of " Posthumou papers of tho Pickwick Club." Tho publishers knowing tho talent of Seymour, seem to hav engaged Boz to perform a secondary part in th production of a work rich in fun and ingenuity. Bu it was soon evident that tho lettor- prcss was mor attractive than even tho sketches of the talented artist From the notion of a club, who mimicked and carica tared tho manners of members of Parliament, thii story soon passed into a rogular narrative of the adven tures of Mr. Pickwick, a most amiable and eccentri old bachelor. The scenes and characters of this stor have becomo familiar in every social circle through out the countries where tho English language i spoken. Sam Weller, the eldor, with his commoi souse philosophy and dread of "widders;" San Weller, the younger, with his loyalty to his goo« master, and honost buoyant heart-both thoroughl; English-poor Mrs. Bardell with her ombarrassinj susceptibilities and ridiculous pathos-and brow beating Sorgoant Buzfuz, will long live in th imagination . of generations of English readers Theso Pickwick Papers were not only a grea commercial success, but tho introduction to a nev era in literature. Tho evory-day life of the middli and lower classes, described with accuracy und vigour was made tho chief intorcst in imaginary history ; ant other talented writers soon took up the samo class o subjects. In 1838, tho real name of tho writer whe had became popular as " Boz," was published to th< world. Meanwhile Bentley had, in 1337, engaged Dickem to conduct his " Miscellany," and in 1837 appearet the first instalment of " Oliver Twist." As i repertory of humour, and an embodiment of higl spirits, Dickons has producod nothing which sur passes his first noted production, tho " Pickwicl Papers." But in " Oliver Twist," and other tales he ; has shown a nobler purpose, and a more variée talent. Ho has proved his power in the regions o the pathetic to be equal to that which he had exhibitec in the comic. " Oliver Twist" was the first tale ir which Dickens made the assertion of tho claims 0 philanthropy on behalf of the down-trodden children of want tho main object of his pen, and in whicl pathos predominates over tho ludicrous. In follow ing his youthful hero through tho persecutions of £ parish work-house, and the haunts of tho lawless one dissipated classes in London, the author not onlj charms tho reader by the novelty of his delineation! of life, but calls forth the deep sympathies of thc heart. Having visited ono of the cheap boarding schools in the wolds of Yorkshire, ant seen the inhumanity practised on the unfortunate children consigned by thoir parents to the care ol miserly, unfeeling schoolmasters and housekeepers. Dickens introduced into his next talo, Nicholas Nickleby, a description of tho cruelties of " Do-tho . boyB| Hall." This tale comprehends a larger variety of character then those which preceded it. A fine spirited youth and his charming sister meet on their way through tho world, villanous lawyers, poor bul good-hearted clerks, dissipated noblemen and their sycophants, victims of tho miserly schoolmaster's cruelty, and true friends. The publication ol this talo had somo good effect in checking the ovil against which it was directed ; but tho operation of such efforts in first awakening atten- tion to abominable cruelties requires to be followed up by a long continued education of public feeling, up to the point at which outrages on humanity will be effectually frowned down. At present, it is to bo feared thero is many a " Do-the-bóys" Hall in existence Dickens's pointed robuko of some of the iniquities of tho wealthy provokod against him som« hostility; he was charged with misrepresentation and exaggeration. If thoso complaints had any effect upon him, it was not by any means to induco him to rotract what ho believed from observation to bo true representations, but to stir bim up to render impartial justice by attacking successively the wrong- doings of many classas. In his " Hard Times " he again, at a later period, pleaded tho cause of tho poor against thoso who took advantage of their necessi- ties to grind thom to the dust. The next production of his pen was a series entitled " Master Humphrey's Clock," comprising two tales, " Tho Old Curiosity Shop," and " Barnaby Budge." In the first of these he showed that tho conception of "Oliver Twist" had not exhausted his capacity for original and touching sketches of child life. " Little Nolly " is almost unmatched as a personification of childhood's affection and sim- plicity. " Barnaby Rudgo" hos more of an historical character than any other of his tales, being taken from the times of Lord Goorgo Gordon and the " No Popery" riots. Having gone thus far out of tho region of fiction, the author wont still further in the same direction, and published a work from which fiction was altogether excluded, though in tho narra- i tive of facts he found scope for word-painting. This was tho "Memorials of Joseph Grimaldi," a man whoso life 'presented just that combination of tho comic and pathotio in the delineation of which Dickons most excelled. "Tho Tale of ?Two Cities," another talo with something of historic air, appeared ut a subsequent time. But Dickens spoko -moro offectuaUy to tho world, because more 1 fully in tho exercise of his own true function, when he wrote a series of tales for tho winter holidays and fireside family meetings,-"The Christmas Carol," " The Chimes," the " Cricket on the Hearth," "The Battle of. Life," and "The Haunted;Man and the I Ghost's tiaxgain," These Christmas visitors hare been 'welcomed to thousands of happy homes, to give new animation to1 merriment, and sometimes a > deeper zest to affection and good resolution; , "Meanwhile, Dickens had become a traveller, vistb ing several of the States of America, and making his observations on the manners and morals of th8 i American people. On his return, in 1842, he pub- lished "American Kotes for general circulation." "Whether he had taken his cue from " Sam Slick," or whether two British subjects-one o. judge, from the province of Canada, and the other a literary man from tho mother country-came 'from independent observation to similar conclusions as to the faults and foibles of brother Jonathan, it , is, certain that Dickens's criticisms cut . ns keenly as those of Judge Haliburton. The Ameri- cans -were greatly annoyed at the pictures presented i to the world of their social life "for general circu- lation" in England and the world. A storm of indignation burst forth in the press of the United States against tho spy who had partaken of their hospitality, and then from his safe retreat in England issued forth his stinging caricatures. The passion, however, soon subsided, and did not hinder Americans from relishing tho humorous nnd touch- ing productions that issued from the inventivo brain of their critic. Long before his second visit to America, all feelings of resentment had died away. In 1844 he published " Martin Chuzzlowit," the last of hi3 productions in which humour pre- dominates. The same year ho visited Italy, and wrote descriptions of what ho there observed, which appeared afterwards ,in the Daily 2¡etct. Tnis London journal was started on tko 1st January, 1S4G, and Dickons, who had a hand in the originating of the project, was appointed to the post of its first editor. His " Pictures of Italy" formed a very interesting feature of the paper. He did not, how- ever, long continue in the office of editor. -Politic.» did not seem to be a congenial sphere. Ho doubtless found more agreeable occupation in writing "Dombey and Son," and when it began to be whispered by somo critics, that his powers were on the decline ho produced a tala that is acknowledged to be equal, and by somo considered to be superior, to any of his former works-" David Copperfield." Certainly in the power of exciting the humane sympathies this tale is inferior to none. Nor did this exhaust his imaginative powers. In quick succession it was followed by "Agnes," "Bleak House," "Hard Times," "Little Dorrit," "A Talo of Two Cities," "The Uncommercial Traveller," and "Great Expectations." In all his tales there is the same playful humour, more or less displayed on the sur- face, with occasional appeals to the emotional part of human nature, and a back-ground of earnest purpose, either the exposure of shams, or the tearing away of tho hypocrite's garb, or the condemnation of vîllany, or tho plea for commiseration on behalf of the suffering and the helpless. In 18Ü0 he commenced a course of literary labours of a different kind, by the publication of " House- hold Words,"-^a weekly journal comprising infor- mation on matters of useful and ornamental art, practical science, history, curiosities of antiquity, und almost overy topic that appeals to the reason or tho imagination, enlivened by talcs and poetry. Compared with his former works, this journal indicates that, with advancing years, the author has felt an increasing desire to contribute solid benefits to the sum of human happiness, by diffusing information calcu- lated to engage the thoughts on important subjects. This publication was continued until 1859, when its place was supplied by " All the Year Bound," in which Dickens still continues to furnish thousands of readers with-a multiform variety of mental food. In 18(14 ho began " Our Mutual Friend," a moro artistic novel than his earlier tales, but one that lacks tho freshness of genius which won for him tho ear of tho multitude. "While as an individual writer thus largely contributing to the literature of the day. Dickens has shown a generous public spirit in the advancement of the interests of his colleagues in the ranks of polite learning. He was ono of the founders of the Guild of Literature, and has beon an active promoter of the Boyal Literary Fund. He has also boen a generous friend to many artists and authors. It is a matter for regret to have to refer to the fact that one distinguished by such amiable traits should have missed that home happiness which he has often well depicted. But Mr. Dickens himself has thought it duo to all con- cerned, to inform the world of the nature of his domestic troubles, and it is, therefore, no impertinent intrusion to note the fact that, in consequence of "incompatibility" found to be insuperable, he has deemed it necessary to provide a soparato establishment for Mrs. Dickens, and has done this on a scale that would be generous for one much more rich than ho is. The world of readers cnn hardly believo that the fault lies on tho sido of thoir favourite author. The man who has made us all love "Oliver Twist," "Little Nelly," the "Brothers Cheeryble," and "Kate Nickleby," and detest cruelty and selfishness cannot be ono without heart, or ono that would willingly cast a shade of gloom over his own home circle. In 1868 ho onco more visited America ; and received wherever he went a most enthusiastic ov.i tion. Ho publicly acknowledged that his forme - representations of American life had been based on imperfect information ; and that all futuro editions of tho " American Notes" should have a fly leaf bearing this confession. His past errors, in the faco of this acknowledgment were freely pardoned bj- the people who have felt themselves to be grievously libelled by that production ; and the reconciliation was cordial. Tong may Mr. Charles Dickens live to instruct and amuse a circle of readers wider than almost any author has ever succeeded in interesting by thirty years' successive productions. On Monday week residents in the township of Tumut were agnin greatly excited by the news of another rich quartz reef having been discovered by Mr. D. Cramp- ton, jun., at Keedy Flat, and as night closed over the township another of those nocturnal stampedes that are becoming common events in our locality took place. This last supposed El Dorado is situated en a hill on tho left bank of Bcedy Creek, nearly opposite Cassidys claim. As the reef has been newly found, and the propector's shaft is only sunk about four feet, it would be premature now to pronounce an opinion as to its i worth. The specimens that havo been taken from the j claim look most promising, and the reef is IS inches wide. Some of the residents of Bcedy Flat do not think favourably of the prospects of this new auriferous deposit ; but that may be because they did not find it ; others entertain good hopes of its success. About 4 tons of quartz sent from Brown and Co.'s claim, at Murphy's reef, to Adelong to be crushed realised S ozs per ton. MUJU'HY BIOTS AT "WOOLWICH.-On Tuesday night Murphy gave his eighth lecture at Woolwich, entitled "The Confessional Unmasked," to - men only. The admission was sixpence, and there were about SOO insido the. hall, and about 5000 outside. At the conclusion of the meeting 500 gun factory men, who had boen working overtime in the Arsenal, marched to tho lecture-hall, armed with staves, and acted as a body-guard to escort the lecturer home. .There were also eight mounted police in attendance, and n considerable number on foot, while a reserve was kept in waiting in the arsenal in case of emergency. FLOOOC-O GAROTTE RS AT NEWGATE.-Five voung fellows named Joseph Buck, George Hurley," John Bryan, Daniel Magan, and Thomas Sherwood, who were convicted at the recent Old Bailey sessions of garotting the son of Dr. Budgott, and sentenced to various terms of imprisonment, together with punishment with the lash, had the latter part of tho s eu tonco carried out on Wednesday morning.' :The" first-named three received twenty-five lashes each, and the others twenty lashes each. ..Tho punishment waa inflicted by CaJcràft, in the presenoe of. the sheriffs arid under-ahexifis, and other officials con- nected with the prison. 