J)i THE THIRD PUBLIC SESSION. f w?.5.--»«-^ -.;-:« ?;:?. .:; -.(From the Vatican) ,,.. Tbe world continues to ask, as Pilate ^i;: tasked: of old, What is truth 1 The Church :'fi! ' alone is able to answer the question, but ?'?- '^ the world, which does not care to know, -:p ;^11 not hearken to her voice. It prefers ' to die in its error, and has full liberty to xlo so. The decrees of the Vatican Coun cil, although they are decrees of the Holy Ghost, convey no instruction to the worl'd. !:?'?' Its ears are closed. Atheism, materialism, «nd pantheism; the arrogance of rationalism -lK and the dreary systems of naturalism, are ''. .again condemned, and their advocates sinit ,. ten with anathema \ because these old errors .^..??/; ;-«re: revived in our generation, propagated Vvi in many lands, as though we still livedin '?'?'? the times of the pagan sophists, and had ; .never-heard of Him who is the Way, the %Tru(7i,and the Life. Protestantism, the ??„.'. master invention of the enemy of man and ''' '-? the cheif dissolvent of Christian faith and ,.;...; unity has .'conducted millions back topagan p ism. Therefore the Holy Vatican Council ';. begins by condemning all the forms of un ? belief characteristic of our age. It will no : doubt have more to tell us hereafter about .!,. other errors, and its teaching will open a new and vast field to philosophy and meta^ -physics. Meanwhile, it magnificently vindicates the rights and the powers 01 human reason, in the very moment of con 1 -demning its impious and irrational excess ; ,: and as the Apostle told the heachen in his day, that they might have found out God ''.: '. by their reason if they had cared to know ; Him, so the Council affirms that ' there \- can never be any real discoid between ? M faith and reason;' and anathematizes all who deny that God, our Creator and Lord, .'?'.*' can be certainly known by the natural light of human reason.' It is to be further observed that the :. (Ecumenical Council, without a dissentient voice, proclaims ' the duty of observing the Constitutions and Decrees by which evil opinions, not here enumerated at length, have been proscribed and prohibited ' by the Holy See' The summary of these evil opinions is contained in the Syllabus. Such is the first admonition which the Council gives to the Church and the world. And the voice of the Council is the voice of God. In the next General Congregation, the Schema de Parvo Catechismo, as modified by the Commission de Disciplina, was to be finally discussed. As it has already been ? deliberated in several sessions, and forty one Fathers have addressed the Council upon it, the adoption . of this Catechism, destined for universal use throughout Christendom, cannot be long delayed. On the 29th of April, the official an .. nouncement was made to the Council of the immediate discussion of the question of Pontifical Infallibility. A portion of the documents relating to this subject \ were distributed at the same time. The prayer of the great majority of the Fathers, and of the clergy and faithful throughout the world, has prevailed. The resb be longs bo God. The Spanish Bishops of Urgel and Cuenga, in communicating to the Bishop of Stras bourg their adhesion to his condemnation of M. Gratry, make the following observations : — ' The temerity of this priest is intole rable, who dares to prejudge, in pre sence of the (Ecumenical Council of the Vatican, and even to decide the gravest of all questions, wheieas Christian humility prescribed to him to wait for the solemn . and infallible judgment of the teaching Church and arrogates to himself the office of a master instead of keeping to that of a ' ?disciple.' - A second address from the diocese of !Rlois, signed by 159 ecclesiastics, — canons, professors, and parish priests, — assures the ? Holy Fathet that ' we believe with all the energy of our souls in the infalli bility of the Vicar of Jesus Christ speak ing ex cathedra, and that our desire ,to see wits xiuiy v uuiunn. vj.uuuuu ubiiub oms uuu trine as of faith is so much the more ardent as the co operation of all the enemies of the Church in opposing ifc is more active. Permit us, Holy Father, to express ? another wish. For us, faithful children of your Holiness, the marks of profound aversion and energetic reproba tion which you have on many occasions displayed with regard to liberal Catholic ism are evident and incontestable, but the writers who defend that system affect to believe, and pretend to affirm, that j mv declarations were not addressed against them,, and thus deceive many of their readers. 'If then we may do so without, indiscretion, we humbly request your Holiness, in order to protect the faith of a considerable number of Catholics, to be pleased to condemn by name the principal organs of liberal Catholicism, whether periodical journals, or, among writings of another class, such as have ac quired the greatest notoriety.' A large number of the clt-rgy of the , diocese of Besangon also assure the Pontiff that ' we are afflicted and humiliated by the scan dalous writings which strive to- dispute the glorious privilege of personal infalli bility, accorded to Peter and his successors, the immovable foundation of the. Catholic edifice, and the essential condition of the maintenance of truth.' Our ; space does not permit us to notice to-day other French addresses of the' same character. .. The forty-seventh General Congregation was held on the 29th of April. The Cardinal Archbishop of Bordeaux, Mgr. Connet, first addressed the Council, and is said to have urged at the closeof his discourse the necessity of proceeding, without delay, to the discussion of Pontifical Infallibility, for the good of the Church and the peace of the faithful Upon this one of the Cardinal Presidents rose, and informed the Council that the Holy Father, influenced by the motives just indicated, had thought it his duty to permit the immediate intro duction of that important question. At the same time a schema of about two hun dred pages, containing an analysis of all the written observations wlr-ch have been presented by different Fathers to the Com mission de Fide on the eleventh chapter of the schema de Ecclesiay which treats of the Roman Pontiff, was distributed to the members of the Council. A second schema on infallibility, forming the twelfth chap ter, was to be placed in their hands imme diately. The discussion therefore of the question which has agitated so many minds is about to commence, and as it has been so long under deliberation in extraCon ciliar regions, it is believed that the decision of the Council will be shortly announced. It is worthy of observation, and will be a source of general satisfaction, that the Archbishop of Paris, in a circular to the clergy of his diocese, dated Rome, the 20th of April, writes as follows : ' The period of expectation cannot now be pro longed, and whatever the Council may do or decide, faith teaches us that it will be well done and ivell decided.' The forty-seventh Congregation resumed the discussion of the Little Catechism. Mgr. Hefele read a paper for the Cardinal Archbishop of Vienna, and addresses were made by the Bishops of Guastalla, Saluzzo, . and Savannah. It is perhaps expedient to add, since it has been asseited in certain journals, that ' the ' Bishops of the opposition' abstained from voting in the third Public Session, ' and especially Mgr. Strossmayer, that the ' latter had been ill for several days, but ' that the German and Hungarian Prelates were present, and took part in the unani mous vote. j The forty-eighth General Congregation met on the 30th of April. The discussion of the Little Catechism was continued h] the Archbishop of Avignon, and the Bishops of Lucon, Parma, Autun, May ence, Plymouth, Clifton, Treves, and Seckau. Tbe vote was to be taken on the ensuing day, and the discussion of the Schema de Summd Pontifice was to folltfw immediately. All the objections which have been presented to the Commission against the definition, and which compo'se a volume of 250 pages in 4to, have been communicated to the Fathers, who there fore approach the question to be decided with a full and exact knowledge of all which can be said on either sid& We fvre- assured that the definition is expected to be made on the Feast of the Ascension. In spite of the numerous deaths which have occurred in Rome, the total number of members of the Council is not sensibly diminished. Five Bishops have been con secrated in Rome recently; the Arch bishop of Mexico has just arrived, and the Bishops of Linz, Fribourg, and Minister, are expected shortly. 