CHARLES DICKENS. (From Men of the Time.") Charles Dickens, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay department, was born at Portsmouth in 1812. , At the ,close of the. war his father retired on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary reporter, for one of. the daily papers. His son Charles was placed as a clerk in an attorney's office; but a strong literary bias led to; his obtaining soon after an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame, under .Mr. John Black. The editor, noticing his readiness and ver satility, allowed him a theatre for the dis play of his graphic qualities by inserting in his journal those "Sketches of English Life and Character" which were afterwards reprinted in a collective form, under the title of "Sketches by Boz," in 1836-7. Almost simultaneously with these appeared a comic opera from his pen, entitled " The Village Coquettes." The graphic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in their most ludicrous aspect, did not eseape the notice of Messrs. Chapman and Hall, who accordingly re quested '*Boz" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the " Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." The subject was treated by " Boz " in a manner at once so easy, so graphic, and natural, and with such a flow of genuine humour, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by the i Sencil of Seymour, and subsequently by lat of Hablot K. Browne, the " Pickwick Papers" found an enormous sale, and the name of the author was avowed to the world in 1838. The great success of Pickwick " naturally led to a variety of offers being made to Mr. Dickens by the London publishers, and brought about the connexion of the author with Mr. Bently, who engaged his services as editor of his Miscellany, in the second number of which, in February, 1837, appeared the first in stalment of " Oliver Twist.'' This story, which was published complete in three volumes at the close of 1838, lets the reader ipto some of the secrets of life as it used too frequently to be found in the parish union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villainy which form so black a spot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces./ Admirably illustrated, by the pencil , of George Cruikshank, " Oliver Twist" at once became a popular favourite, and it continues still to be re garded as one of the author's happiest pro ductions. Meanwhile " Nicholas Nickleby" appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with " Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that work. ;4« Nickleby" was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then, and are still, it is to be feared, prac tised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle caisses at cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens tells us, in the pre face to this book, that these disclosures re sulted from' a visit of inspection-paid by himself to a school of the " Dotheboys " class in the woods of Yorkshire. Jn 1840 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of stories* in' weekly numbers. It was entitled "Master Humphrey's Clock," and contained, amongst other tales, those since republished in a separate form, under the names of the "Old Curiosity Shop, "-famous for its episode of "Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity,-and of " JBarnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the ? senseless riots connected with the name of Lord George Gordon, in the year 1780. The pen of Mr. Charles Dickens was hence forth almost incessantly plied. About the j time of the publication of " Master Hum phrey's Clock'* appeared his " Memoir of Joseph Grimaldi," the celebrated clown, almost the only production of his pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of " Master Humphrey's Clock" Mr. Charles Dickens set sail for America, for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a s work upon *neu agd manners iu the New ( World. Whilst there he visited a great part of the United States, and accumulated a store of materials, which he gave, to the world on his return to England, in 1842, under-the name of "American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were much controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of "Change for American Notes." In 1844- he pub lished " Martin Chuzzlewit" in numbers., In the summer of the same year he paid a visit to Italy, and many of the results of his observations were subsequently given to the world in the Daily News. Return ing to England in the course of 1845, he suggested the foundation of a cheap daily newspaper, which should steadily advocate the spread of Liberal politics and secular education at home, whilst abroad it should show itself the sworn enemy of despotic and arbitrary power. Having organised a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day, he commenced the Daily News, January 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and contributing to itscolumns, as wehavealready mentioned, his sketches from the south of Europe, under the attractive title of " Pictures of Italy," which were afterwards reproduced in a collective form. After a few months Mr. Dickens withdrew from his editorial post, and returned to his former line of humourous serial publications, varying, however, their monthly appearances with the occasional production of some stories of a more strictly imaginative cast,> called " Christmas Books.". Of these the first, "A Christmas Carol, " was published so far back as 1843; the second," The Chimes" appeared at Christmas, 1845; the third, "The Cricket on the Hearth," followed ; in 1846 ; the fourth, " The Battle of Life " (1847); and the fifth," The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain, " in 1848. Be sides the above, Mr. Dickens has published Dombey and Son," (1847-8), The History of David Copperfield " (1849-50), "Bleak House" ("1853), " Little Dorrit" (1856); also "A Tale of Two,Cities "The Uncommercial Traveller;" and " Great Expectationswhich last three were reprinted from All the Year Round. In 1850 Mr. C. Dickens started Household Words, a cheap weekly, literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years; but a quarrel having arisen between him and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and - form, entitled All the Year Round. A new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens's pen, entitled, " Our Mutual Friend," was commenced May, ' 1864. Mr. Dickens has earned a high I reputation as an amateur actor, and/was one. of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and has likewise been an active promoter of the Royal Library Fund. 