THE TOWER GHOST. ! We have heard, Bays the Pall Mall Gazette, of a most mysterious, end disagreeable occurrence at the Tower of London which is enough to set tbe nerves of the whole nation on edge. For some days, or rather nights, past the j shadow of an axe has appeared en one cf tha walls of the building. The shadow made its last appear ance, unless we are misinformed, in 1848, but what it has been doing since that time we cannot say. There iB no shyness whatever about it now ; it does not object to be stared at, and excites the curiosity of all who have the pri vilege, if not the pleasure, of inspecting it A correspondent of the same paper, who signs ' P.' has since written the 1 following letter ; — . I. am glad to perceive that tho Tower of London, re spectable old edifice as it ia, still keeps its ghost, as all venerable buildings ehould do. You are perhaps not aware that one ef the best authenticated ghost stories of this century belongs to that fortress, end I make no excuse for telling it te you at this season, as a Christmas ghost story is traditionally allowable. Mr. Edmund Lenthal Swifts, who is still living, was in 18|7 keeper of the Crown jewels in the Tower of London. He lived in the jewel house, and on a certain . Saturday night in October, 1817, was in his sitting-room. The door was dosed, the windows shut, and heavy curtains excluded the air. It was about midnight Two candles were on the table. The rest I give in his own published words j ' I sat at the foot of the table, my son on my righthand, hia mother fronting the chimney-piece, and her sister oa the opposite side. 1 had offered a glass of -wine and water to my wife, when, on putting it to her lips, she paused and exclaimed, ' Good God, what is that?* I looked uj? end saw a cylindrical figure like a glass tube, seemingly about the thickness of my arm, and hovering between the ceiling and the table. Its oontents appeared to be a dense fluid, white and pale azure, like to the gathering of a summer cloud, and incessantly rolling and mingling within the cylinder. This lasted about two minutes, when it be gan to slowly move before my sister-in-law, then following the oblong shape of the table before my son and myself ; passing behind my wife it paused for a moment over her right shoulder {observe, there was no mirror opposite to her in which «he could then behold it). Instantly she crouched down, and, with both hands covering .her shoulder, she shrieked out, ' Oh, Christ ! it has seized me.' Even now, while writing, I feel the fresh horror of that moment. I caught up my chair, struck et the wainscot behind her, rushed upstairs to the other children's room, and told the terrified nurse what I had seen . . Neither my sister-in-law nor my son beheld this appear ance. ... I em bound to add that shortly before this strange event some young lady residents in the Tower had been, I know not wherefore, suspected of making phantas magorical experiments at their windows, which, be it ob served, had no command whatever on any windows iij my dwelling. An additional sentry was accordingly posted so as to overlook any such attempt Happening, however, as it might, following hard at heel the visitation of my house hold, one of the night sentries at the jewel offioe was, as he said, alarmed by .a figure like a huge bear issuing from un derneath the door. He thrust at it with his bayonet, whidh stuck in the door, even as my chair dinted the wainstcot ; He dropped in a fit, and was carried senseless to the guard room. His fellow sentry declared that the man waB neither asleep nor drunk, he himself having seen him the moment , before awake and sober. Of all this I avouch nothing more j than that 1 sawithe poor man in the guard-house prostrated j with terror, and that in two or three days the fatal result, 2 be it of fact or fancy, was that he died. ) j To this it is only necessary to add that the boy was 7 j years old. He did not see the ghost The sister-in-law likewise did sot see it, and attributed it to the joint hal- J lucination of her sister and brother-in-law. Trie soldier ' died, as stated, whether after trial by court-martial, as re- , corded by Dr. Gregory in his ' Letters on Animal Magnet- 1 ism,' or not, I do not fenbr : Dr. Gregory received his I account from Sir David Brevster, and it is incorrect in ] many particulars, or rather it differs from Mr. Swifte's, i which was the result of personal experience. . j The Pall Mall Gazette of b subsequent date accounts for the mystery of the axe. A correspondent of that journal j says ' There is, it seems, in one of the towers of that fortress a peculiar old loophole, somewhat resembling in shape the capital letter T with the arms shortened; this loophole is ia the wall of a closet, outside which there is another wail. When the outer wall is in shadow, and the gas lighted in the cloeet, a light is thrown on the outer ?wall through the loophole, which, from its peculiar shape makes the thrown light besr the resemblance to the battle axe.' 