... 1 Tight Mace Considering. (jOoncludedfrom our Jast •numbe " MAH got oxcited&t; last, and her eyes 'gan to glimmer like she seen -tier "daddy's ghost axin'' if he ever trained op a child or a raceboss tobe'fraidof asmall brush on a Sunday,' she commenced ridin' -beautiful; she braced hereelf up in the saddle, and began to make calkerlationa how she were to win • the race, .for it were nose andnose, and she caw the passun spurrin' his critter every jump. Sbe tuk off hcr shoe, and the way a number ten go-to-meetin' brogan commenced givin' a hols particular MOBBS, were a caution to boss- flesh—bnt still. it kept nose and nose. She found she war .carryin* too much weight for'Colt, so BBE'gan to throw off the plunder, till nuthin' was left but her saddle and close, and the spurs k%pt -tellin' still. The old woman then commenced strippin' to lighten till it wouldn't have bin the clean thing for her to have taken off one dud more ; an' then when she found it war no ase while the spurs lasted, she got cantankerous. "'Passun,' said she,I'll be cust if it's fair or gentlemanly for you, a preacher of the gospel, to take advantage of an old woman this way, usin' spurs -when you know «Se can't wear 'em—taint Christian-like nuther;' and shelust into cryin'. '"Wo! MissHibbs! Wo! Stop! Wo!. Madam! Your son!' he attempted to say, when the old woman tuck him on the back of the head, and fillin' his mouth with right smart of saddle- horn, and stoppin' the talk, as 'far as his share went, for the present. " By this time they'd got nigh on to the meetin'-house, and the folks were harkin' away on' Old Hundred,' and wonderin' what could have become of the passun and Mam Hibhs. One sister in a long beard axt another brethren in church, if she'd heerd anything 'bout that New York preechur runnin' way with a woman old enough to be his muther- Tho brethrens gin a long sigh an' groaned: "'It aintpossible! marcifulheavens! you don't 'Bpicion ?' when the sound of hosses comin', roused them up like a touch of the agur, and broke off their sarpent-talk. " Dad run out to see what was to pay, but when be see the hosses so close together, the passun spurrin', and mam ridin'close war skase whar she cum, he knew she war in a fix in a second, and determined to help her; so, clinchin' a saplin,' he liid behind a stump 'bout ten steps off, and held on for the bosses. On the^ went in beautiful style, the passun's spurs tellin' terrible, an' mam's shoe operatin' no small pile of punkius—passun stretched out the length of two' bosses, while mam sot as stiff and strate as a bull yearling in his fust flight, hittin' her nag fust on one side, next on t'other, and the third for the passun, who had chawed the horn till little of tho saddle, and leas of his teeth was left, and his voice sounded as holler as a jackass snicker in an old saw-mill. " The hosses war nose and nose, -jam np together so close that mam's last kiverin' and passun's flag had got lockt, an' 'tween blcached domestic aud striped lindsey made a beautiful banner for the pious racers. " On they went like a small arthquake, an' it seemed like it war goin' to be a drawn race; but dad, when tliey got to him, let down with all his might on Colt, scarin' him BO bad thai ho jumpt clean ahead of passun, beatiu' him by a neck, buttin' his own head agin the jneetin'-houso, an' pitchin' mam, like a lam for the sacrjfiae, plum through the winder 'rnongst the mourners, leavin' her only garment flutterin' on a nail in the sash. Tho men shot their eyes and scrutnbled outen the house, an' the woman gin mam so much of their close that they like to put themselves in the same fix. " The passun quit the circut, and 1 haven't been home yet." MEETING OK COMMERCIAL TRAVELLERS.— An influential meeting of commcrcinl travellers took place at the Metropolitan Hotel, Sydney, last week, to consider the propriety •of inviting the various hotel keepers in the colony to make a uniform rate of charges for jnan and horse. From what was snid, it appears some of the charges on the Northern road are exorbitant, and especially for the " foods of com," of two quarts only. There «re sixteen "feeds" in a bushel, and the •charge of 2s. to 2a. 6d. for each feed, when corn is not ovor 4s. a bushel, is considerd by these gentlemen too much. A circular is to ho issued to the principal hotel keepers in the colony, asking them to agree to a uniform rate for stabliug — including hay aud three feeds of corn, when the latter are required ; also to a moderate charge for meals aud lodging for the (oftontimcs) weary traveller. It is iu contemplation to form an association of tho above class, with others, having for its object the relief of tho aged and infirm, their widows and orphans. THE CHINESE QUESTION IN ANOTHEE ASPECT.—The writer of "Passing Events," in the luapeka Timet, says :—" Marriage is becoming deservedly popular in Tuapeka. I have been led into this train of thought by tho general rush made upon the Chinamen lately by some of the female children of thiB town. Tiny things of from twelve to fourteen, almost before they had reached the age of puberty, are going crazy about getting married. Thero was one the other day who went to tho Registrar, and asked him to marry her to one of the Chinamen at the camp. The Registrar wisely refused to do any such thing, and bade her go about her business, but she declared she would go and live with the Chinaman if he would not marry them. True to hor word, she went to the Chinese camp, but was followed by constablo Tichener.who arrested her under some f. Act or another—the Vagrant Act I suppose *—aud lodged her in the camp on the top of the hill. The only place fitted for headstrong youngsters like those is the Industrial School, where I hope this baby-aspirant to matrimony will be secured for two or three years to cool her youthful ardor. It iB only a short time ago since a child of twelve or thirteen was married to one of our Mongolian brothers on Tuapeka Flat, and it will be well to try the experiment first before allowing auy other similar sacrifice to take place on the hymeneal altar." At tho rccent sale of Mr. Dodd's library, Wace's workB, with his manuscript additions fetched JE450, the highest price ever given for a book in Irclaud. A portion of tho MS. of "Oliver Twist," which originally appeared in Kent ley's Miscellany, is still in Mr. Bontley'a possession. The British Museum might fittingly place it by tho Bide of the MS. of Sterne's Sentimental Jourooy. 