SYDNÜY. Wcanttn-nv. A prent (ire occurred nt Maitland yeâlorduj. The /'ott'otGce Hotel and O'dell's etorea were destroyed. ïhc Mayor of Sydney gives n fancy ball al the Intorcoloninal Kxhibition on Monday nest. I lt. is rumoured that, tho American GoTcrn- j ment will accept tho protectorate of thc l'ijis. ANOTHKR lecture on *'Chemistry," i? nn no un rred for delivery in thc School of Arte ibis crening, by Mr. J. Osmond. TITS Bank of Now South Wales viii be closer! on Saturday nett, for tho usual half-yearly balance of accounts. Tins works of th© Alliance- Gold*roinmg Bud QuarU-crushinp Company aro at a completo standstill, »"ailing tiie arriral of thc new manager, Mr. Gerrans, of Wood's Poiiit, Viclotii. Mr. Gerran* is very highly spoken of, mid we hare no dDubt lie will do thc Company justice when ho urrivM hore. Deis expected by the next "Balclutha." MR. M'CLELLAND, photographic artist, has shown us one of the Panoramic Views of the town taken by him from the north side, which shows the whole of the river frontage from the Rocks down to Blind Creek, and conveys a faithful impression of the town as seen by a stranger in coming up the river. This, we believe, is the first occasion on which Rock- hampton has been photographed from the north side. THE electoral race for the Mitchell ha* terminated in favour of Mr. Handy. This re- sult will revivo the drooping spirits of tim Opposition party, and proportionately discourage Mr. Palmer and his cavalier Ministère. Thc lust dodpf, of proroguing Parliament until thc 15th JVorembpr, bas done much to wither tho budding affection towards the Govern- ment ol'at ledBt ono northern member, and will no doubt bo properly resented when the parliamentary prattle begins. It may bo that Mr. ruinier will havo to choose between a vote of censure and accepting Mr. M'Devitt aa At to ru cy .General. HY private hand we .'hare encouraging news from Cania (Kroombit). Our own correspon- dent, writing on Monday lae-t, eaye:-"Some- thing good lias at length been efruclt hero in f) shape of a rich leader on Moonlight Gully, whc.ro ii parly of men oponed :i loader cn Tues- day Jiif-t (the ¡íOílt imfimt), und since then they have washed out fifty-two «uncea of gold, thc fitulT averaging an ounce (o »he bucket. 'Jin? hae cHiifiCfî some excitement ¡md etir, whú*!i »v;i8 wüiilí'd herc, as i ¡io Edison lim inp been un- favourable for «.cep finking np to within thc In Ft íhrco or fuir wecke, tUa phire wa« mi her dull. Several other nrf* havo be.on opened which look ivi-1!, the one ut Paddy's Gully c-i-cciîiiîy. WJiíit is wanted hero uaw ia fi good e.-u^.diif; itiiichiuc. Thc OltuUtona mail 1ms not tirrivcit jct." The bearer of thc above loller left Ci.nn about noon on MunJiy, and reporta thc road in excellent order. Saw no drays with finppliee on thc way up. There is no scarcity of prorietans ot Kroombit in thc meantime, hut tho population is daily increasing. Tho Bonk 1mm pto ri road takes most of the dray traffic, and ¡a decidedly the beet. WE uro informed by Mr. Wiseman, P.M., Mint His Eicolloiicy (!>e Governor will be ia Keppel Bay (o-d»y, and (hat liie Harbour master line received instructions to moJt (ho " Black Swan" ia (lie Bay (his (Tliursdav) afternoon. Tho "Mary" will probably roturo to-morrow. Wo arc also enabled (o state that Colonel Blackalls visit is a private end not un ouicial one. Any public demonstration would consequent Iv bc out of pince. TIic Government cottage neur t!ic Railway Terminus, lately occupied by Mr. Byerley, has been fitted up for tho Governors uccommodation. A COHRESI'ONDENT of lhe Olaga Daily Time* writing from Honolulu, says :-" Amongst the Wongu Wonga passengers was a Mr. Archer, a Queensland runholdcr, who t nc ti ty years ago hud traded Amongst I lie islands of the Pacific tho Sandwich leUnde am o iget thc number. On arriving at Honolulu he wis wade au honorary member of tho club, and wquested to bring aa many of his friends thors aa the place could hold. Thc club waa at tie time full, but the gentlemen that lie selected hud their meal a there» lodging through the towii wherever apartments were to bo had. When tiey offered payment, on starling, not a eingle penny would bo talien, either at the club or at tho houseB they lodged in." MB. LIIXEY hus applied to the judges of thc Supreme Court for leavt to appeal against tho judgment of thc full court, granting the defen- dant a new trial, ia the cuit Macdonald ti. Tully. Tho application was granted on con- dition that the plaintiff gave a bond for £500 and co&t;â. Wc understand the request was quite unnecessary, thc plaintiff having como to the conclusion that it is perfectly useless to tuko further legal proceedings, lt id stated til at in justice to himself and his family, Mr. Macdonald considers be would not bc warranted in throwing any more money iuto tho bottomless pit of litigation. This will bc grievous nowa fer tho lawyer*, who for the past two or throe years have been fattening on the plaintiff's misfortune, il ic question new arises whether the public 8 bot ld not interfere, and petition the Legislature to gnni!; Mr. Macdonald eubctanlial compensation. Payment in cash is j out of the question, but i Bill authorising the freehold grant to Mr. Macdonald of a portion of I his run, would meet tho difficulty. Wo believe a petition hi Mr. Macdontld's ftivour would be numerously signed throughout the northern district«, and hope some one whose impartiality cannot bo impugned »'ill take initiatory slops towards influencing tho Parliament to perform this act of common justioc. THE whole of tho members returned for the Legislative Assembly ure now known, and wc find that there are sixt«en Ministerialists, or nie m bc rs who will give tl.c Govcrnnieut a gene ral support, fourteen avowed Oppositionists, und two who "ill commence tho sesión on thc Op position cross-benches. Thus thc Gorernmcnt will have lo depend upon thc «einÍ*boat ile mem- bers for their majority in s full llun*e, which we fear they will find rather precarious support. Thc Opposition have lost two voles-Clermont I and tho ii urne IL-and they have not gained tho Kennedy, ul tl io ugh Mr. M'Ocvilt's leanings arc j uniniBtiikeably to the popular side. Now that 1 tho Attorney-General baa been defeated, it IB not impossible that thc Government will make 1 advances to the hon. and learned member for i tho Kennedy, and in thal case the temptation ! might bc too i-tro ag to bc rceistcd. Perhaps , Mr. MMlcvitt would consider it wisc to decline I o ll 1 ce until he had acquired eorao standing in thc House-, au il experience in its forms. Should I ho take to tho Opposition Benches the Govern* I ment wilt lind themselves confronted by thc ¡ three best la wye tv in thc colony, which with a . House equally di rid cd would bo rather an awk* j ward predicament. Jt is pretty clear that tho von-Hof Messrs. Fyfe and M'Devitt; will decide j the late of the Government, as without their nid it will be unable to command u majority even of I ouf. Without a majority Mr. Calmer will find 1 it impossible to carry on. IMPORTANT TO SntAUEDs.-At this time of your, when so many men will bc handling sheep -probably for tho tirst time-it might bc as well to note that uni m ni poisoning ia not un- known hereabout us witness, the unfortunate uffair at Weranga twelve mondie or eo ago, and now wc have another instance of what a mere scratch may lay a man liable to. About two mouths ¿ince a tra dea man in this town, winier removing lampa* from a boree, chipped ono of the knuckles of Iiis right band against thc horse's teeth. Ho paid no attention to the tem tc li until thc bund and linn swelled si) that medical uid hail to be culled in. The doctor cured thc great blotch that had resulted from thc scratch, but another great blotch broke out farther up the arm, mid when that wu* cured another and yet another here »nd there till over thc arra (Mine like the ghosts in "Macbeth," and up lo the present time (since the accident) that roan has nut eumt'd u mulling, and it. u very dillieult to say when ho nj ay have thc full use of bia right arm again. .Now, euch a thing as this ought tu induce caution in those who lure tho handling of sheep for the first time (old hands know how to luck out), and take care that no accidental Peru tell remains unattended to for a Bingle hour longer than can be prevented. Daily Herald* GILDED QUAETX B-KKFB.-Mining enterprise ' in tins colony ie not likely to bonetit much by tho exposure which has juBt been made Qt . ballarat, for discredit will bu thrown upon thu wost promising and légitimât* undertakings by a knowledge of the lat-ility with which ci perieneeii perseus wore imposed upon hy a couple of audacious schemers frjin Custleoiainc. Theso tuen tuck up nn abandoned claim at tho head of the old Inkermann Lead, in which claim a worthless quai l z lode liad been cut through 10 years ago. Upon both faces of this, the dexterous swindlers began to operate, and by the lime they had flubbed, they had laid the gold leaf on so thick and slab, that the effect wue quiie dazzling. Visitors were invited to do* seemi, und «fter inspecting this new Aladdin's cuve, returned to the uj.psr world tully impressed with the richness und abundance of tho gulden eto i io. luo ot theta immediately olTerod to be- come promoters of u company, upon ternie in- volving the puymcut of £400 down to thu in- genious gilders. Tho oller was closed with. An enthusiastic newspaper cd j! or went iniu t'ctatie* o^er tho piospeet, und a ruth fur shares eet in. 'ihen two wepurs a-poured upon the bcenc, onu of v.ljom, utter liuBCL'iiùmg Hie eba ii, tuld swindler number ouc ti>nt Jiu was an ad- jective rogue, and " ought to be hung i:p by his heels in u shuft ior teven year* ;" by the end of which íiitic Ù ii more tim« probable he would putter «eierely by a deteirutuuiiun ol blood to the bci'd. }i rom thai moment, bccpticism got the better of belief; and thu unbelievers i.uo wini down tho shall iJclacheJ lite gold-leaf from the ptui'C with ibe utinoHi ia^'iljly. lt hud been put du wúb sÍ7.t; or varnieh. 'Ihe two swindlers were laid hy ihu heels in guoJ, and tho highly auriferous reels oí iiuJIurat have been proved to pu-K'tfg no uther utility limn that which quulifiiB them *' to purni a moral or adorn a tale." Australasian. A PENNSYLVANIAN editor rejects an adrcr tiseini.nl «eut bim by un Indianian lawyer OD tho condition that fae «houJd take his pay ju divorcee, saying, however, that he does FO be- cause bc js a bachelor, and the proposition ia " ficaud&iouely; premature." 