THE DEAD HEAT. , BT Out CiXiBAB. (FBOM BAILT'S tutuzam.) CHASSISX THB HITCH. No, never had there1 jbeen fuch . !' ':*: ' ft-,# m& w&A; ti&jaiwtetq; li.s M*<& «} i««j *d lliw vuia FeV?r- r?de ? race his life ; but I SpYbe Griffs.^111 ^ cbaracter of lo«kmg nM^&i; 9?lo,nel, ye are about right there," imfc *Lkiy"!wlng 5°°?E Irishman : " he is J,'" V® that can do that same ; he is mad b?m /ortesSue'8 EQs!»sh horse cat th^f £ to day and pounded him-a thing that h«u never been done before." ^ out there, Mat," putin ga»JfftW2if5!SBS does not like that, devil a hap'orth ; he V-ou spti* enT8elf favoured one-the consated "^e the favoured one!" remarked bie u , of Fortescue's regiment; "why he cannot suppose he would have a ghost of a chance with that pug nose and whisky-toddy oountenanra of his against Fortescue of ours. Why Old Nick himself could not boast of an eJ face than Pat Rooney. Fortescue is about the handsomest and nicest fellow in the service, and though only a poor man, yet there are devilish few girls, at least of any tffte, who would give him the 'cold Bboulder.'" The conversation was put an end to by the redoubtable Captain O'Rooney they were de scanting on in such flattering terms walking towards them, and with whom all seemed to be on such bad terms. ' I will make one endeavour now," said the old Colonel, "to put a stop to this match." Captain O'Rooney," said he, as that gen tleman joined them, " I am sorry to hear of this proposed steeplechase, and for such a sum. Mr. Fortescue is a young man, and has acted very foolishly; he is young, too, in the service ; and though he holds the post of adjutant, has little, I know, but his pay, and such a loss as £1,000 would seriously incon venience him. Let me recommend, Captain 0 Rooney, that Fortescue give you £100 to morrow morning and draw the bet What say you, gentlemen all, is the proposal fair?" " Nothing fairer," tbey exclaimed. "See now, Colonel," said Captain O'Rooney, let us hear what Mr. Fortescue says: he is not here; he'll be found in the ballroom, I'm after thinking." " Tme for ye, Captain, dear," said the jolly looking young Irishman before alluded to. " Devil a bit," he continued, with a sly and malicious twinkle of his blue eye, " is Fortes cue in the ballroom. Be jabers. he is seated in the card-room alone by Alice G Wynne, play ing with her bouquet and fan. 111 go and fetch him ; but it s a pity to disturb him. I'd almost take my oath he has been asking her to be Mrs. Fortescue, and by my soul f don't think she has said no." So saying, the young man, without giving the other time to answer, vanished from the room. "What is it, Colonel?" stud Fortescue, coming in almost immediately after. " See now," said O'Rooney, interrupting him ; " the Colonel says this is a foolish match we have entered into, and proposes that ye should pay me a hundred down to morrow to let ye off. What d'ye say ? " " What do I say ? " replied tne young man; "why I'll do anything the Colonel likes. I think it is a foolish match. I was excited and out of humour when I made it. I'm better now, and if you like to take a hundred and draw, why I'll send you a cheque to morrow morning for the amount, or run you for a hundred, which you like." " See now," said the Captain, his naturally red face getting purple with anger ana excitement, " I've heard ye both-the Colonel and yourself; now both of ye hear me. If ye were to offer me £999 d n me if I'd take it, for by the Rock of Cashel 111 lick ye and break your heart and neck over the country ; and see now, Fortescue," he continued, '' steer clear of the heiress." "What do you mean, sir?" retorted the young man, firing up. Steer clcar of the heiress! you forget yourself ; do you presume to put a lady in the question ?" and saying this he turned away. " All devilish fine," said O'Rooney, sticking his hands in his pocket and sauntering away from the supper-table, humming a verse of Harry Loirequer's well-known song \- " The King of Ouds Ie mighty proud, And bo were onet the CayBan (Cseears); Bat old Giles Eyre Would make them ctaie, Ay he had them with the Biaaers. To the devil I'd fling-old Banjeet Bisgh, He's only a prince in a small way; And knowe nothing at all of a six-foot wall, Oh! he'd never do for Galtray." "Won't he?" muttered Fortescue to him self as he caught the last words; "perhaps I'll show you he wilL" If the Captain had not been so blind with passion, he might have heard the gallant adjntant singing sotto voce a verse of a song from the same author as he strolled carelessly from the room: " Put hie arm round ber waist* Gave tea kis.-ee at lart^ ' Oh!' aaya he, 'you're my Molly Malona, ' My own, Oh!' says he,' you're my Holly Halone !'" What did be mean ? " By the great gun of Athlone, m mighty glad entirely they're both gone from the room." said a hard-riding G0way squire, as the illustrious Captain O'Rooney disappeared from sight " I thought there was an litigant row brewing. Better as it is. Where O'Rooney is to get the coin from if he loses, devil a one of me knows: he's in ' Quare-street' long ago. Never mind, boys; let ns have the^groceries. 10 Punch! you are my daxling,' and the devil fly away with dull care. Now Colonel,' he continued, "upon my conscience, as O'Rooney won't listen to reason, yon must look after Fortescue's interests; O'Rooneywiilenaeavour to pick out a country. I mean he will go building up walls and soon. You must have your own way a little, or begorta hell do as he entirely. Now there is one thing that i will beat him if anything will; you must in girt on th&t;, or I would not give a trauneen for Fortescue's chance, that Is (he drop pedhU voice to a whisper) one if not two TOtar-jnmgi: if anything will stop Mad Moll ^"B^Slbe done," said the Colonel j " I'll j "is nottaken advantage of. i ifficer fcepthis word, as will dlrtorbed wben he .wan. 6>.be4>ne or-moro water-. ¥??? UBMWfllPIWIIWJ ? » -was obdurate. "By Gad, air," (M4dhe, '*jroudo not want it «ntinly .our own way, do von f I have not interfered mtry fai any t have^d !_? (ad no#! country-indeed, in all parts of Ireland. Such a match had not been known for yean-" a thousand pounds." What could the English Light Bob have been thinking off The "»e° went on and trained well, closely guarded by their respective admirers, The English hone took to wall-jumping beantifally; but it was doubted even, with his great turn of speed, if he had the foot of the Irish mare-a clipper. Then again, though Fortescue was a coot and brilliant horseman, he had not the knowledge of die Captain, who had ridden many a hard contested race before, across country and over the flat The stakes bad been made good and de posited according to agreement with the ColoneL The Captain had found friends to share in the bet, for though he was generally disliked, yet they had confidence in his horse and his horsemanship. Fortescne, too, friends, nor had his commanding officer been idle. Men from his own regiment had come forward, so all be stood to lose was two hundred and fifty; this and other matters made him sanguine and lighthearted. In ad dition to all, he had received a beautiful set of colours from Miss Gwynne. The papers, English and Irish, teemed with the forthcoming mateh. "Lieut Charles For tescue's, of H.M. -th Foot bay horse Screw driver, aged, against Capt O'Rooney's chesnut mare Mad Moll, seven years old, for one thou sand guineas a side."- a The excitement was intense. Such a stiff bit of country had not been seen or ridden over for years. The betting would have been dccidedly in favour of the Captain, but his mare's well-known dislike to water prevented anything like odds being given-so they were both about equal favorites. "By Gedrge, old fellow!" said one of For tes cue's messmates to him one morning, some three days previous to the race, "I really think your chance is becoming more rosy every hour. The more O'Rooney's mare sees water the more she dislikes it One of the men in my company, a Galway man, has a country cousin in the barracks, who knows all about it Just send to Sergeant Blake," said he, turning to one passing by, " an{l tell him to comebere and bring his cousin with him ; Mr. Fortescne wishes to see him." The man soon appeared. " Salate yer su parior," said the Sargeant, as he recovered. " Touch your caubeen." " Arrah, now Seargent, dear, wasn't I after doing it?" " Well, do it at onst, ye murdering ruffian, and tell all ye know." " Yes, sir, yer honour," commenced the lad. " Fail, the Captain 'av' been trying the mare day after day at the water. Onst she jumped finely; the Captain made a brook close by our cabin, and is often wid her there; some times she jumps and sometimes she won't and when she won't, meila mur tber! maybe, don't he larrup her! Long life to yer honour, bnt I don't think the mare likes water at all, at all. And by my troth, there's many a man thinks the same. The devil's hick to him! he's been all over the fresh-planted praties and cut them to smith ereens, bad cess to him; but av course, Leiftenant, yer won't tell on a poor boy, more betoken as he is after doing yer honour a little sarvice. I wouldn't give a handful of prayera for my life if he fonnd me out; for sorra a one knows the Captain better than myself, death to his sowL Tear-an'-ages! he's a terrible badman entirely, entirely, is the Cap tain. The top of the morning, and long life to^yer honour," said the gossoon, as the ser geant led him away, pocketing half-a-crown. "There, Fortescue^ what do yon think of that?" said his friend, as they sauntered away to the anteroom for a soda. "It's evident Mad Moll is not a tip-top water jumper. By Jupiter! I think you will pull through. Quite fair my giving the lad half-a crown. O'Rooney's friends "have been doing the same-fair play is a jewel:" Somehow the public at last began to lean towards the English horse. He did his work quietly and openly without any attempt at concealment But what is this excitement in Che barrack yard ?. Officers are rushing to the mess- room; two gentlemen have been driven np there in a car; Lord Plunger and his friend Bradon have arrived-they are old friends of the -th. "By George! Plunger and Bradon, I'm delighted tesee you," said the warm- hearted Colonel, hastening in, and endeavouring to make his sword-belt meet about his some what bulky waist " I did not tell the boys I had written for yon both-lunch ready in ten minutes-glass of sherry first to wet your mouths. Now Fortescue will have a little good advice. Ton will-ride the last gallop to morrow morning, Bradon, and give us your opinion; dammee, I'm so glad to see yon both in the wild west Here, someone, tell the officer for the day I won't have another Toll-calL Obliged to do Has sort of thing here, Bradon-never know whafs going to happen from one minnte to another, shooting landlords like the deviL Potted Lambert last week, five shots in him, and the only one that did no harm was the one that took him in the forehead. Rest his sowl, as the Irishmen say, a near escape for him. Lucky dog! Here is the sherry." In this way did the worthy old gentleman rattle on. The gallop is over, and Screwdriver has been tned at even heights against a good one. George' Bradon has thought it better that Fortescue shall Tide his own horse in the trial, which he did. " By Heaven, you've got a dipper, Fortescne!" said the former; as they polled up; " you don't know how good. I deceived you all when I told yon I had borrowed this nag to try you. Keep your mouth shut hermetically sealed, old fellow, and 111 tell you something you will care to know. It is no commoner you have galloped against to-day. Mind, oil TOUT life, not a word to your dearest friend. It's my own horse, Guardsman, you have had a spin with -the winner of the Orand SilverpooL" The young man. thus addressed, sat I astonished, Eke One in adream, at this reve- "l lation. "It's all old MasanVj doing. Fortescue," said be; " he advisedme towing him over. I'm off now: look^ftt that knot of people coming ornr w> in somethete who crossed th#_CtoDfi jeslei'daj wifli me, who know my old, HWoirti for «; Ireland for 11 across eountwto and bat fc «wbi6 leave bjr ttelat® wKha_ladj Iwduldtibttiave hone tiasbeen in theqtdet Fm noir bT~ Win. The _t to-night far iWfllbeaMtthe ^ownetoyoor" ifct yon up to Fortescne, he whispered quietly to him, "I'm on your nag for a plumper. I keep my own counsel and shall not split I never rxime except with a rush at the last minute. My glasses are good. You've had a spin with the best cross- country horse in Europe. Clever and fast as that nag is, he can't give yon seven pounds. Yon ran him to a length or two. I know George Bradon and Guards man welL I've won a pot loll of money on them before. There, don't look scared; yon are a youngster; sat well down on Screw driver, hold him together, don't give a lead over the water, and you will land him a winner. I know more than you think, and for my own«ake, I'm mum." (To be continued.} 