GENERAL NEWS. THE news by the mail. OCR LONDON LETTER. (from oub own oorbespondent.) LONDON. Fbb. 25. People who have a dislike to our English winters (and tbey are legion) arc beginning to congratulate themselves that they see the winning of the end, althongh, judging from past winters, the rule seems to he that the odd weather generally begins towards the time when we might expect spring. At all events we are passing through a most trying February, the cold being more intense than ve have known it for some years. The Thames has really been a eight—in some parts frozen altogether, in others nearly blocked-up with masses of iceberg of such formidable dimensions, and swimming so rapidly with the current, that it was almost impossible for any small craft to venture. For those who are well fed and strong-bodied it has been easy enough to hear, but many who do not enjoy these somewhat necessary have given up the ghost, and afforded a good deal of extra work to the coroners. "Starved to death" is such a common item in our newspapers now that we are getting quite accustomed to it—more's the pity that wesbonld have to say so. It cer tainly is not traditional weather for London season, which we may assnme has commenced in reality with the opening of Parliament. A flatter or tamer opening there never was. The Queen's speech .was -more inexpressive than usual, and written with the same disre gard to succinctness, although there was length in the programme to warrant a fuller display than ordinary. However, the mem bets seem disposed to go in for real bard work, and within the first fortnight the two biggest bills have been launched. The'Irish Land Bill is not the thunderbolt that was promised us, and, indeed, is an ex ceedingly mild and moderate attempt of legislation. Ireland is not the plea santest place to live jn just now, as all attempts at keeping the peace seem to be in abeyance. For a gentleman to be re duced to take his daily exercise in his hall, which has no window in it through which he may be shot, is rather a satire on our boasted song of liberty; but so it is, and in some parts of Ireland the reign of terror is complete, and the police have not half so much power as the revolvers of assassins. If a criminal is brought to justice-as in the case of Barrett for shooting atCaptain Lambert—he is sure to be let off— no jury being courageous enough to convict. We have had greater ebullitions in Ireland before now, but I question whether such a grave undercurrent of mischief has ever existed, and all thoughtful people consider that the ship is sailing in a dangerous sea. Mr. Foreter's Education Bill has been a great suc cess, and, with a few drawbacks, has pleased both Liberals and Conservatives. Of course, there are extreme persons in both parties that nothing but extremes will please, but the general opinion is that Mr. Forster has gone as far in the matter as any moderate man could go, as his measure leaves untouched most that is good in the old system, while it provides several new features. Several measures of ex cellent legislation areon the topis -such as one for providing greater safety in mines; another to prevent the adulteration of food, which is very much wanted, the last bill being 14 Sws old. Considerable interest was caused the Southwark election, and the ultra htospuUeda very long face atfiudingthat, mot all their arrangements, a Conservative JJ in triumphantly, in the shape of Colonel Beresfonl, Poor Odger has Sain £tolV1Ctim,0f fat0 and an e^ent t6 Pa" of the COUflt«T of SI * ? ffouse- The and short no ^ 1 ,D0W fc^e working men have to see it6 f !^on' ^ to6? ^ beginning « »t for themselves. Mr. O'Donovan' l; , very quickly boon, disDOBs&Bfifid; of dfe**. „„ *"mT£S: "iW wi" hi« iisiJLn..™1? muchmore loyal Lord aden too party. CaimsiWovL - mvT more Lord ».«aM had to resign too party Lords of the Conserva olit^emorfl^f^6 Q.aeen is goin«to 8*™ 08 toe for somp «eiL80C,ety this 8eason- *** to instead ofJt ^ at Bnckingham Palace ElJmZZSF thereon occasions. Bolyrood £? J? ^ go and Uve at sodetyshakes^, *s&80!*> at which report less *llch is fi,A Mordauut case. topic of convenes ^ oanity of irtji °* coarse, ** toial at ^ordaunt is the Sf^cdd times, ia S"""•{WI® to tu. %Xf£enot bw^^nJmeJ^M I am in very poor circumstances, which I am certain all the late governor's personal friends in the colony will he grieved to hear. The Church has lost two bishops—his Grace of Chichester, who died full of years, and carrying with him the love and respect of his diocese; and the Bishop of Kilmore, the first of the Irish Bench since the passing of the Chnrch BilL By his death, £6,000 a year falls in to the Go. veminent, it not being intended to fill np the bishopric. Indeed, it wonld be no good, con sidering how short a time the Church has to I run. In the army, General Sir Wm. Wynd-! bam and Sir Wm. Gordonhavebothleftos. The former was well-known daring the Crimea, especially in connexion with the affair at the Redan. The latter was one of the finest and most hard-working officers that we had in the engineers, who, like many other men now-a-days, overdid it, and lost the balance of mental sanity, ending his career by cutting his throat. The other deaths include Mr. Hogarth, a very well known musical critic in the London world; Mrs. Janet Taylor, whom very few knew, though those who did know her loved and respected her. She had devoted nearly her whole life to teaching nautical science at the East-end, and held a high posi tion amongst mathematicians for her great talent in these branches. Gottschalk, the pianist, who lately died at Rio, was certainly not an Englishman, bat he was so well known in this country that lmay be excused for mentioning him. Broome, the gardener, was principally known from bis crysantbemums, which were always a feature in late antnmn at the Temple gardens. Overwork is, I fear, telling on Mr. Blight's health, for he is banished from London to Norwood, being entirely forbidden work on account of the nervous irritability from which he suffers—the great fault o! the day with all literary men, and those who are active in the arena of everyday life. Dr. Livingstone has been again killed—by report —hat it seems to be as much a false alarm as the others, and we do not despair of seeing him once more amongst as. Amongst other eminent men, the great Broadhead, of Shef field assassination notoriety, has turned np again, very much to the disgust of his friends, who had subscribed to get him away to Ame rica ; but as the persecuted victim patheti cally described it, America would have no thing to say to him, and so in sheer despair be has come back to try and gain a livelihood by keeping a small shop. How are the mighty fallen! One ot two interesting matters have oc curred lately in the church, more especially as Convocation is sitting. At this clerical parliament Archdeacon Freeman announced by authority that Bishop Temple had officially declared that, as bishop of Exeter, he had no fnrther sympathy with Essays and Reviews, as he saw how mnch disquiet they had occa* Bioned. This was a satisfactory termination to the quarrel, but next day the bishop de clared that, although as bishop he wonld have nothing more to say to it, he did not recant what he had said as Frederick Temple, head master of Rngby. A more extraordinary quibble never was invented, and even his friends cannot help seeing that he has pat himself in a worse position than before. The respective cases against Mr. Wix and Mr. Purchas, in Brighton, for ultra-ritnali8tic performances, have both gone against them. If the law could with a little less tremble be made to reach several others of this class, it would have a very salutary effect generally. By tire way. an entbnsiastic admirer of Bishop Colenso has just died, and left him £2,000 as a mark of esteem—not an unpleasant little windfall for one who has had to defend himself in so many suits. A not unimportant sign of the times is the fact that Mr. Gladstone has been asked to frame a bill to release clergymen from the indelibility of holy orders, there being so many persons at the present who are dissatisfied with the state of affairs, and who would prefer quitting the black frock for a layman's garb and occupation. I confess that it does not seem an unreasonable request, although Mr. Gladstone does not think the time has come for it yet. The intercourse of nations has never been better exemplified than by the visit of Arch bishop Lycurgus, of Syria, to this country, where he has been participating in all sorts of dinnerparties and tea fights, winding up by being dubbed D.C.L. at Oxford. I must not quit the personalities of the month without mentioning, which I do with great regret, the retirement of a public character who has long been at the head of his profession. I mean Mr. Calcraft, who thinks he has had enough hugging and prefers going into private life. It is a difficult matter to select his successor ont of the heap of applications, numbering, it is said, somewhere between 200 and 300. It reirtsHy does not seem as if the profession of executioner was in any way in bad odour in this country, or else it showB that employ ment must be so difficult to get, that hanging people is better than none at alb For the time of year, the book market is rather brisker than usual, especially in pamphlets, which have issued in a perfect rash, concerning that misgoverned country called Ireland. Who reads them alb I never can realm out, but if anyman has a grievance or an idea, he instantly ventilates it in the shapeof a pamphlet One of the most useful works that have lately appeared is Pearson's Historical Haps ofAngland, which give to the various historical phases of the kingdom an interest that dry history seldom imparts. Mr. Thomas Hughes has been amusing bis jjgtifaw moments, when unoccupied by trades union?, by writing the of Alfred the Great, and very well he has done it too. Noyes'a American Socialism contains a lucid description of those ringular sects which abound in the .States, mod some of whfarii Mr. H. Dixon told us of in his work on the Mormons. For travels, I canreoommend Orion's Andes and Amazon as one of the best that havelately appeared, ft wjli be sup plemented eoon, I expect* to work on BrasU, the publication of which will be announced very shortly. Jeaffreson's Booh About the Clergy is, like his other books on the doctors and lawyers, full of interest of the graver sort, as well as of those quaint facts ind fancies in which patrons—and above all country parsons—seeps to exceL We are having plenty of novels, bnt I can't say much for any of 'them. The best ^ are Beneath the Wheels, by Mr. Derrick, and The Baronet's Sunbeam, by Mrs. Wbeeley, either of which will help to beguile an idle hohr. Dickens's new aerial will begin very soon, and is to be published eimnltaneonsly in London and New York. Magazines and papers are decidedly not flourishing—so many were killed off last year that it requires a great plethora of spare cash or great boldness to start one now. The Pail Mail, as rumour says, has not im proved its position by going in for being a morning paper or by altering its price. Last week, too, it came in for a libel against Mr. Dion Boucicault, whom a writer, with that charming audacity and dictatorial manner which so frequently characterise the Pall Mali, described as being the very best man to write about thieves and prostitutes, from his intimate acquaintance with them. However, the publishers declared that it was used in a Pickwickian sense, and so the matter dropped with an apology. The Field has started a Quarterly Field, which seems a somewhat hazardous experiment; however, it has a large prestige to back it up. The Food Journal, young as it is, is already taking a place in matters sanitary, and has attracted some of the best writers of the day. In fact, it em braces so many subjects which come home to everybody in some shape or other, that it is sure to have a large circulation, and probably several imitators. One is already announced, called The Knife and Fork—nad so I suppose we shall go by degrees through the whole of the dinner service. The societies are hard at work at their respective subjects. At the Geographical, Sir Bartle Frere read a paper of much value on the plains of Cutch, of which portion of Indian geography probably no man living knows so much; and at the Society of Arts, Mr. Hope has been lecturing on sewage, on which question he is an un flinching advocate of irrigation as against the dry system. Certainly money enough has been spent in experimenting, and it is time that something practical had arisen from it, though at the present we seem as tor as ever from the solution. Two points of con. siderable interest have been lately mentioned —the one, that the factory system of making j cheeses is about to he introduced into Derby shire, _ on the same plan as is already carried out with success in America; and I have no doubt but that it will be the means of reviv ing a branch of industry which has somewhat fallen off of late years. The other point is slightly hypotheticaL It is, according to a Scotch engineer, that there is within a given area of the Firth of Forth enough coal, sup posing the bottom to be carefully dredged, to equal the united yield of our collieries for the next 50 years. Although the Forth certainly flows over a coal basin, I confess I cannot quite follow the reasoning of the ingenious man, although it is highly reassuring to people who are nervous about the coal *v.ing exhausted. And talking of coal, brings us to iron, in which I expect there will soon be &great8tir;, because the Bessemer patent ex pires very shortly, and a great many of the railways will immediately begin to lay down steel rails. In fact, the steel manufacture will become as important as that of iron before many years are over. The iron trade is very considerably improved these last few months, and so, I may say, are al most all branches of manufacture; yet, strangely enough, the commercial world does not seem the least capable of shaking off its distrust and disinclination to venture money. 0 verend and Gurney did a far greater mischief to the nation than the mere loss of the money. However, as it is no use getting down about what happened Ave years ago, we will have a look at the theatres, which, if full houses are of any account, are doing well. Nevertheless, it does not do in England to play Shakspeare, and so Mr. Barry Sulli van has found to his cost at the Holborn Theatre, where he has dropped £S,000. Rumour says that "a noble lady sent him a cheque for £10,000"—of which I don't be lieve one word. The Lyceum is doing well, with Herv&s; French opera of "Chil peric," in which Mr. Hervfe himself acts and speaks the most deliriously bad English that it is possible for a mortal to talk and be understood. The Olympic has an adaptation of Dickens's "David Copperfield," called "Little Emily," well put on the stage, and a burlesque of Tennyson's "Princess,"one of the prettiest, neatest parodies that I hare ever listened to. A curious illustration of -how unequal dramatic writers can be is to be seen at the Adelphi, where there is a melo drama of Robertson's, called the "Nightin gale," exceedingly improbable and trashy. It narrowly escaped bring damned the first night, while at the Prince of Wales his comedy of " School" was triumphantly pass ing through its anniversary, a thing that pro bably never happened before to any piece. A very novel experiment is being tried by Mr. Beliew, in connexion with his Shaksperian readings, in which he is certainly a great pro ficient. The play is illustrated by dumb action, or rather, 1 should say, by mutes, who act in dumb show. The scenery is good, and the whole thing is rather successful, though Hamlet done in this fashion certaihly pre sents some comic prints. There is a tole rably good supply of music to be heard in London now. The Monday Concerts are as popular as ever, and how could they be rise when Here Joachim and Madame Norman Neruda are to be heard? I am sorry to say that for this season we have heard the last of her, for- as a violinist even Joachim scarcely surpasses her. Eng lish opera, or rather French opera in English words, is to be heard every Baturday evening at St George's-hall, sad although Faust is the only one that hat hitherto been played, tire idea seems to take very well. The Sacred Harmonic Society is going on as nsual, giving its subscribers the finest course of oratorio music to be heard in' Europe. The weather, however, has played the deuce with the tenort—putting Sims Reeves and Vernon Rigby altogether hors de combat, while Mr. Leigh Wilson, a very rising tenor, has this very week been carried off by brain fever. We have had a little burst of excitement in the billiard match for the championship, be ween Roberts, the veteran, and Cooke, a very young man, but a wonderful player. The game was for 1,200, and the pockets were made smaller, and the spot placed nearer the bottom of the table, by which means the long scores that Mr. Roberts was in the habit of making off the spot-stroke were rendered considerably more difficult. After a long game of four hours, Cook came in the winner, and is now the champion of England. The Prince of Wales was present for the whole time, but expressed himself rather disappointed at the slow pro gress of the play.. The Oxford and Cambridge race is again a settled thing, and will be rowed a little before Easter. What with the frost and the floods, the practice has been considerably interrupted, and it is early days to speculate on the probable winner. The hunting fixtures will soon show signs of a decline, for if the weather is anything like weather, a few warm spring days will bring out "them stinking violets," and scent will be at an end. Barring the frost, the season has been a good one, although a peculiar atmosphere of quarrelling seems to have descended on many of the hunts. The Kilkenny Hunt, for instance, is entirely knocked on the head, partly from internal dissensions, and partly from the Fenian proclivities of the country people, which render hunting a somewhat hazardous amusement. The Cambridgeshire Hunt is in difficulties on account of the attitude taken up by Colonel Duncombe, on account of which the master has resigned ; and something of the same sort has happened in the Atherstone country. But the greatest change of all is likely to occur in the racing world, which Sir Joseph Hawley proposes to amend by a reform bill as sweeping as that of the Irish Church. Amongst other clauses, he does away with the p. p. custom, and thus abolishes at one blow all incentive to running horses merely as a means of swindling the public. If racing is by any means to be rendered respect able again, it will be through some such influence as this, and if Sir Joseph can rid the world of the crowd of blackguards and robbers which infest the racecourse, hp will have deserved well of the public. The salmon fishing has opened rather unfavourably as yet, for which very likely the rough and stormy wea ther is somereason. Frank Buckland, theother day, detected in Billingsgate an unclean fish, and pulled the salesman up, who got fined ac cordingly. And, by the way, Billingsgate has a formidable rival in the " Columbia" market, which has opened with better prospects of success than as a meat market. Singularly enough, so far, prices have been higher than at Billingsgate, though in the long run they may be expected, and indeed are hoped, to be lower. 