THE FLOOD. Further Particulars. There is little as yet to add to the report in our last issue of the flood and its effects The sources of reliable information as to the damage outside the town are necessarily few, and it is scarcely worth while to repent all the tales told, one half of which may possibly turn out unfounded or exagger ated. There can bono question, how ever, that in many cases very severe losses have been sustained. Mr. Murchison, who was one of the Erst to make the journey frotn Guiulagai to Wagga, informs us that the scene the whole way was desolate in the extreme. An immense amount of fencing has . been destroyed on both sides of the river, stock and produce carried off, and the grass in the river flats smothered with mud. The effect upon, the force of the water by its com pression between narrow limits, was strongly evidenced on the eastern por. tion of Mr. Donnelly's run, where the Bilda range on the north, and a spur of.the Tarcutta hills on the south side of the Murrumbidufee suddenly con tract the river within little more than the breadth of its usual channel. Here the stream rose and boiled like a second Charybdis; and having passed its narrow limits, hurled its waters upon the nearest flat with a force nothing could, withstand. A largo lot of choice cattle are described as occupying a paddock at this point of discharge, and hii eye-witiissa states .that the fir3t rush of water' sent them all scamper ing' to the highest ridge in great alarm. Thencumo another huge wave or breaker, ami the cattle were in stantly floundering over one another, plunging and bellowing in intense alarm ; another great rush of water and the whole lot were swept away in an instant like cork*, a valuable bull being washed into the fork of an oak tree, where he was jammed. The people on Bilda and about Greou s flats must have suffered fearfully. Mr. Higgins, who arrived yesterday from Hay, gives a deplorable account of the state of things down the river. Large numbers of sheep have been sweptawily, and many of the squatters, including Messrs. - Waller .and .Grirton, M'Neili, and D.iUas, compelled to abandon their homesteads and take to the sand-hills. -Nothing has been, heard yet from Geong Gttong, where," as sfcitei in our last. Messrs. M >rgan an 1 Bear were ftsared to have perished ; but the publican Jones, at Ganmain, an J 'Mr. Craig, manager lor Mr. Mair, also reported as probably drowned, have both turned up all right. As yet no authenticated case of loss of life has been reported. There were a few omissions in our previous report, which we are glad t > take the opportunity to supply. It was of course impossible, in a hurried and necessarily somewhat brief account, to mention every in stance of gallant or hospitable con duct, where such instances were so .numerous; But it is very desirable that where honour is due it should be given ; and it is only fair to state that the instances we did mention, were fully equalled by many we did not. For example, no one was m'>re inde fktigable in his eff.irfcs, first to save life and then to preserve it, than Mr. W. Walsh. He was one of the most active when the flood came in assisting others to places of safety ; and the next day, when the sandhills were crowded with fugitives, many of them hungry and penniless, he sent his cart round with meat to be distributed gratis to all in need. In the same way Mr. Peter McAlister, in the most generous manner, threw open his hotel to all comers, telling his servants to take the money from those who had it t> give, and for those who had none, to let them eat and be filled. He also sent out large quantities of provisions in the boats and otherwise for the relief of the homeless and hungry -occu pants of the Grand Stand and the hills. We are requested also by Mr. Jacob to mention the services of Messrs. Tilden, Healy, and M'Crudden, who rendered material aid in the rescue of the eleven people near Flowerdule, and displayed throughout a very trying tims, the greatest coolness and courage. Mr. Fred. Tompson, also, highly dis tinguished himself, effecting one of the. first rescues in a very gallant manuor, and working hard whenever his ser vices were needed;: On the Wharf reserve largo landslips, have occurred: At tb'e'corhor-of . <.!«».. 4 1,1 jupinftMP^.inpe.ired ; and at the rear of the Prince of Wales^ and adjoining houses seriouo-inriKids upon the bank have been made. If this part of the town is to-be preserved, it will be necessary to do something, for the protection of of the bank. Th.0 Ralief Panel. ? On Wednesday a very successful public meeting was held at the Court house in aid of the sufferers by the flood. A large committee was formed, and upwards of £70 was subscribed in the room. It was also announced that £100 had been forwarded from Mel bourne to Sydney for the benefit of Wagga. It appears that a surplus of £1000 of the money subscribed in Melbourne for the last New South: Wales floods remained in the hands of the Melbourne committee." Attention: was lately drawn to this fund by a letter in the Argus,proposing that this money should be distributed amongst the districts now suffering from floods. Tne letter was brought under the notice of the Police Magistrate by Messrs. Znx and Ferris, and Mr. Biylis at once telegraphed to Melbourne requesting that a portion of the fund might bo allotted to Wagga Wagga. He received in reply a telegram from Mr. Louis Edis, stating that £100 would bo remitted. A further sum of £100, being the balance of the Wagga subscription to the last General Relief Fund, was allowed to remain in the Bank of Now Sonth Wales hero for local requirements, and will doubtless be placed at the disposal of the Com mittee. The fund therefore starts with nearly £300 in hand. Several cases of urgent distress have been relieved by the Committee, but it is not thought that any largo amount of actual desti tution exists. The heaviest losers are the small farmers many of whom are absolutely ruined. Wo have heard of one instance where a selector had established himself on a river-flat, fenced his selection, erected a hut, and cultivated a few acres. Of all this improvement not a trace remains-not even an indication that the ground ever was occupied. With eases of this kind, of which wo hear there aro only too many, it will of course be impos sible to deal effectually. The utmost that can bo done is by the granting of seed-wheat and other timely aid to give the poor fellows at least the " ghost of a chance " "of gutting on their leirs again. If the present disaster should have the effect of leading to some system of insurance against the always possible risk of flood, it will not have been sent and suffered in ?sain. Oura to Wa^ga. " An eye-witness " sends the follow ing particulars of the flood from Oura to Waeira :-" For the benefit of the public it will be well to state that the intended village of Oura was seven feet under water in the most favourable situations, and tba eooncr the Govern rnent cancel such places for Tillage sites the better. Two lots purchased by Mr. Rogers as his choice for a public-house building were ten feet under water, anil a lot of timber laid down on the site was carried ajva.y t" toto. Mr. \V. McEntyre's house, con sidered high, was three feet six under water. He had a lot of furniture destroyed, a portionol fencing swept otF, and a thrashing-machine carried halt-a mile with the strt-am, hut very little injured. Mr. Hand's house stoo.l several feet clear of the stream. lie lost one beast and about a mile of fencing. Mr. Stephen Fennoll thinks he has lost some horses and cattle which have disappeared, and also some fencing. Messrs. Hurst and Jarvis lost heavily the latter about 1400 bushels of grain, pigs, poultry, anil clothing ; the former, 100 bushels ol wheat in sacks, a haystack, and a new shed, both carried clean away. Three or four miles nearer Wagga the waters were not nearly so high as at Oara. At the Ktirrajong Lagoon, E.iriunyha reenyah, Mr. John MeEntyre's farm, the large wheat stack is quite sale. The water was only sixteen inches in : the house, but about halt a mile of fencing was taken away, aud some ploughed land swept off. Mr. Egbert MoEutyre's loss is about a mile of fencing, and some ploughed land cleared off. Mr. M icarthur only com plains of the loss of several portions of fencing. D. Boon's hotel looks quite bare, all his fencing and haystack car ried away, and furniture much injured. Old D.ivis and his son lost nearly all their grain, in fact all have suffered in that neighbourhood to an extent per fectly deplorable to contemplate." Sfcati3fcio3 of the Flood. Now that the muddy pages of our local history have closed on the sad eventful record of " the last great flood," it may not bo uninteresting to pick up and annotate such general statistics in reference to the great event of Thursday, the 28th April, a3 the details coming gradually to hand, by post and other wise, may enable us to put beiore our readers. Everyone must feel a deep and earnest interest in a visitation which has rolled its devastating force along the entire line of our district, destroying and sparing not. First, then, it must be evident that local rains, and the consequent action of our largest local tributaries, had nothing whatever to do with the ter rible inundation of Thursday morning last ; and that those who knew the district longest and best, were justified in the opinion they formed-that no apprehension of a monster flood need be entertained, judging merely from, evidence within tbeir observation. It is clear, now the reports have" come in, that by Wednesday evening, the 27th April, the Tumut, Adelongv- Hilhis' Creek, Tarcutta. and Kyamba, on the south side of the ? river, : and the Billa bongror^Nangus'-Creekf-'omthosiiorUir: -h"ad all exbaiT3\c<i-*'\r>'*"T~> . ? s> far,'the tlm>ateneddan-.'er to us was _atu-Ttjo~ forces which were to work out our temporary ruin were j -gathering at a distance . from . us beyond our observation, and we cannot, see why or how it was. that the tele? graph wires fro^n Yass, which were;; working steadily up to mid-day of Tuesday, were not put into operation to advise tis of'what was going on at :that ill-fated place, and afford the. people of Wagga time to prepare at least the means of - escape. Reference to the published reports, will show that the1 rainfall, which resulted in the creation of a flood at Yass, "nine feet higher than that of 1852" (when Gun da gai was destroyed), took place along the crest of the great water sheds, or table lands ex tending from the Australian Alps above Cootna, and dividing the waters flowing easterly from those trending in a westerly direction. The table land in its northerly lead is crossed by the Great South R iad between Goul burn Plains and Mutbilly. Along the extensive and elevated plateau occurred from Thursday, the 21st, to Tuesday, the 26th April, the tremendous deposit of rain which resulted in inundations of a serious character, alike along the Murrumbidgee westerly, and down the course of the Wollondilly, the Cow pasture, Nepean, and Hawkesbury easterly. It is a rather remarkable fact that the tributaries to the Murrum bidgee, south of this table-land, above Yass, do not appear to have been largely affected ; for whilst the waters of Yas9 on the 26th April were nine feet above the altitude they attained in the memorable June of 1862, the Murru- nbidgee itself, at the junction with Yass River, was nine feet below the level ascertained as the flood-mark of the same disastrous period of that year. Experience clearly establishes the fact that local rains alone can never iufluence the Alurrumbidgee to an extent likely to result in mischief to the dweilers upon its banks. This is consolatory and re-assuring so fur as it goes, and taken with the long intervals that elapse between our monster floods, renders the Murrumbidgeo after all one of. the very safest of our large rivers. To be flooded out" occa sionally must be naturally incidental to a residence on the banks of con siderable streams ; aud taken all in all, the dwellers on our western water | courses have always suffered infinitely Jess than those on other channels in other directions. The waters come aud go more like tidal waves than as the gathering toget-herof accumulative floods from many points, which we might expect to advance slowly, lie long upon our lands, and recede more leisurely than they advanced. Better that they should rush like, ton-ants over the country,, and .pass 'away altogether, than lio ? for- \veeka upon the land to destroy vege tations aad generate malaria and ' disease. The first occupiers of tbe di3 trict, who fortneti their stations near Wagga id the summer of 1832, were shown by the aboriginals the evidences of 11 groat flood, said t'> have occurred the previous winter, that is in 1831. From subsequent 'observation the con clusion, arrived at was. that the flj.-nl in question had been equal to that which afterward* marked the year .185:!. From 183L to the present time 1870 is 39 years, and during that long poriod we have sulfered no more than three of these cfla-nitous inundations, viz-, in June 1352 (a period of 22 years), again iii Jaly 1853, and not .since then until now, a period of 17 years. Surely vhen we look at other parts of the country and note the de vastation, utter ruin, and misery, with the sacrifice of iuraan life, which is repeatedly addinar horror to all other horrors occasioned by the yearly visitation of overwhelming' fl >ods. we have reasoa to be thankful ,that we are so far favoured above our 'fellows. The flood of the 28th Airil .last was higher tban that of June 1852 : which swept away pur sister town of ?G-nndagai, but not so hiifh as the inun dation of July 1853. The difference .between these two tt)Otl3 was eighteen in< lies, and our late visitation exactly " split the difference" between them, being nine inclios above the first, and nine inches lwer than the last. On Tuesday, the 2(5fh April, a3 the river began to ris3 rapidly, it w is noticed by several old -esidents with what rapidity the current was driving past, and it was considered that the speed was much greiter than had ever before been noticed. This fact is borne out by reference to the flood at Yass, where thty were particular in noting the advaice and recession of the waters. This is a ways a subject of interest and should ie recorded correctly as a means <f future reference. Ac Gun dagai fciey do not appear to have noticed the matter at all, so that we cannot 5>rrn any' correct notion as to the tine occupied by the flood water n effecting the passage from Tass is that place, but %ve have oar own " time and tide-table," and it is evidentthat the speed of the fl >od was soiriethhg tremendous. At Yass the water reached its highest point be tween half-past 9 and 10 o'clock at night of Tuesday, the 26th April, and then bejan to recede. Here the maxi mum wis attained from half-past 7 to 8 o'clock in the morning of Thursday, the 28tii April, and the .-water was palpably receding at'a quarter- past 9. Taking 10 o'clock of;Tuesday night at Yass, and 8 o'clock of ? Thursday morning at Wagga,'as the two periods of maximum altitude, we find that the water- from Yass reached- us in thirty-four hours. The distance by the river- between the two points "cannot; be-less than 238 miles, which gives an average speed. of -no less than seven miles per hour. 