THE CARNIVAL OF VENICE. A special correspondent of the Neto York World furnishes to that paper from Venice, under dato of the 2nd of March, tho following lively description of tho Carnival in that city : In wet weather and cold perhaps the Vene- tians aro a miserable folk. To-day and yesterday they have boon, 01- at least they have seomod to bu, the solo Arcadians left to us in a work-a-doy world of woe. Yesterday the carnival culminated in Shrove Tuesday. All ovor the Catholic world this festival does its very best to keep alive the memory of the joyous Pagan days that went and came before the gods were driven from Olympus, and their temples taken from them to be the shrines of a new faith, and their statues burned up for lime. But it is only in Venice that tho attempt is thoroughly successful. The Mardi Gras of Paris is no longer oven the jovial vulgar Mardi Gras of Paul de Kock. In Florence and Rome it is a course, noisy, brutal sort of saturnalia, wherein the empty-headed of all ranks and condition in life amuse themselves during the day with pelting their fellow-creatures with pounded mortar and turnips and carrots, and during the night with dancing off their legs and their decency in some hot, uproarious theatre. If you hire a carriage in Rome for tho carnival, the owner makes you pay three or four times tho ordinary rates, by way of protecting himself against tho damage which is sure to be done to his vehicle ; and unless your eyes are of no par- ticular use to you, you will do well also to pro- tect them with a mask. In Florence the police find in Shrove Tuesday no fun at all, but the hardest work of tho whole year. I attended the masked ball of tho Pergola in Florence on Satur- day night, and found it not much more entertain- ing, nor yet much more orderly than tho wretched orgies with which enterprising gentlemen from " the capital of civilisation" have on sundry occasions favoured us in New York, under the pretext of familiarising us with the graceful in trigues and tho fascinating mysteries of Parisian life. In the course of the evening no fewer than five arrests were made by the gendarmes, and at the close of the entertainmont some 200 young ladies in antique costume were dancing on their heads about three feet above tho level of the first tier of boxes. But the Carnival of Venice is a car- nival not so much of flesh and blood as of colour and of light. For the Corso with its common place pomp of equipages and its disgusting tour- nament of filth, its noise, its dust, its low pas- sions, and its idiotic hullabaloo, Venice has the shining Place of Saint Mark, alive with merry maskers, and attuned to a ceaseless concord of sweet sounds. Her wondrous waterways are cloven softly by swift black gondolas, blooming with their freight of youth and beauty. All day long I strolled about the glowing Piazza, among the groups of contented idlers. Picturesque country people from Chioggia, romantic-looking Dalmatians and Albanians in their semi-bar barian costumes. Simple souls in quaint attire were wandering all over the incomparable Place; here gazing curiously up at the golden mosaics of St. Mark's magnificent facade, or the dizzy height of tho exquisite campanile, there watch- ing with eager eyes tho busy workmen as they added shield to shield and banner to banner in the decorations of the gay kiosk, temporarily ereeted in tho middle of tho Piazza for the dance of tho night. Under the charming half-Oriental arcades, whose shade never deepens into gloom, the throng went ever to and fro before the shop windows with a glittering show of jewels and silver and gold, of pictures and of carved work. Grave looking ancient persons who, in Paris or in London, would have been undeniably and deplorably "seedy," whereas here they were but venerably worn and pictur- esquely frayed, sat in the little straw chairs in front of the cafés, and comforted themselves with unlimited architecture and sunshine to their little pennyworth of chocolate and bread. With the very first moment of the dusk the fes- tival flashed out in a splendour sudden yet se- rene. The lofty central kiosk, which by day had been bright with colour, became in a mo- ment by night as bright with flame. It streamed and shone with purple and crimson, and green and blue and gold. Through all the ways of Venice, in gondolas along her thousand hidden canals, on foot along her marvellous streets, more closely hidden still, the holiday folk poured into the Piazza. From the grand front gallery of the cathedral electric lights threw their weird, intense, fantastic, and almost intolerable day upon the gathering masses, and brought out into magical relief every hue and tone of the dresses and the banners, of the waving tapestries and the shimmering pennons. _Two orchestras ap- peared in the carved enceintes of the central kiosk as suddenly as if they too had been lighted, and in a moment filled the air with music. None but masks were suffered to enter the kiosk, and, as it was entirely open on all sides, its dancers made the evening's spectacle to the city prome- nading in the Place. The ' lofty campanile glowed in its upper galleries with crimson lights. The bronze men-at-arms, who stand hammer in hand, on either side of the bell at the top of the azure and golden tower of the Orologio, loomed up strangely, and like ghosts .of a by- gone day, against the illuminated sky. I deter- mined to see the Place from the campanile, and with some little trouble succeeded in seducing the keeper, who finally consented to allow me to climb up with him 300ft., to its topmost gallery. How can I attempt to describe the sceneon which from thence I gazed ? My companion shook his head sadly, and told me after all it was but a "pic- colo carnevale ;" " a little thing, sir," he said, " a very little thing." He remembered - the worthy old fellow-such carnivals in the past. There was the the carnival of the Emperor Ferdinand, when that estimable sovereign deigned to visit his imperial and royal city of Venice. " How long ago was that ? A matter of thirty years or so, or it might be near forty." But, ah ! such a carnival ! such crowds ! Buch lights ! such music ! All the Grand Canal in a blaze-all the Riva dei Schaivoni ! " In truth, this is but a little carnival, Signor !" I dare say it was a little carnival. But a little carni- val goes a long way in Venice with one who has never known a great one. Fancy a night in March as soft as June ; the most romantic and picturesque public place in the whole,world ; innumerable lights glancing upon ornaments and decoration« as innumerable; musio, in- cessant and intoxicating ; a thousand maskers dancing to the music, and some forty thou- sand people gazing on the dancers promen- ading about the place ; making ceaseless groups and currents in the light and shade ! From time to time little fire-balloons, sent up from the kiosk far below us, would oome Blowly softly sailing about the lofty tower. Scared from their slumber among the saints and prophets'and evangelists of the facade of St. Mark's the sacred pigeons of Dándolo went whirring and gleaming around us like spirits in the air. Under the picturesque arches of the tower of the Orologio, which leads to the Mercería, the chief street of the present traffic of Venice-a street about as wide as one of the sidb walks of Broadway-a troop of maskers in mediaeval cos- tume for a time stationed themselves with coloured lanterns, and flags set on gilded spears, and standing there sang lovely Neapolitan airs. Gustavo Dorh might havo drawn tho group, but to give its full effect of colours and of chiaroscuro one should have the combined powers of Rem- brandt and of Paul Veronese. I ended the night at the Fénico Theatre, where the final festa di bailo of the 'Venetian fashionable world was celebrated. A wonderful ball it was-a ball where nobody danced, and where everybody seemed to enjoy themselves. " No one dances here," I said to a lively blue domino who had done me the honour to take com- passion upon my isolation, and who informed mo that she had come from Treviso expressly to attend this fete. "Certainly not," she re- plied ; " these are all gente civile," From which you will ploase to understand that in Venice, the land of the mask, it is thought unbecoming for masked poraons of position to dance. It is now somo years since I myself ceased to consider dancing absolutely indispensable to human hap- piness ; and, after my experience of a Venetian masked ball, I am prepared to maintain that it is positively absurd and barbarous to dance when one can so easily do better. At what time tho last promenaders floated invisibly home from the Fénico I know not, but the sound of their far-off singing, as they passed in festive groups by calle and canal, was still in my ears when I fell asleep this morning. At noon to-day I took a gondola and went out to the charming Armenian convent beyond the Lido, the convent whore Byron chose to estab- lish himself and to chew the cud of Oriental meditation for a couple of years so long ago. It is a vary flourishing institution still, anda useful one I fancy, and it is under tho protection still, as it hasalwaysbeon, of the Ottoman Porte. Iliad a long and very interesting conversation with a handsome, bright-eyed Armenian father, who plied me with questions when he found I had just como from Rome and the Council. For his own part he evidently thought but little good likely to come of the latter, and I was quite struck by the vehemenoe of his indignation against the Patriarch Hassoun, who, as you know, has just boon getting himself into hot water at Constantinople by his submission to Rome. When I told my Armenian father that the Pope had excommunicated certain lenders of the Armenian Church at Constantinople for their protests against the uots of their Patriarch, he scornfully replied, " Lot him, then, excom municate us all ; our church is as good as his. " He refused to speak of the Patriarch's acts as " concessions" to Rome. Thoy aro not " con- cessions," he said. The Patriarch has nothing to "oonoedo." He has merely "betrayod" his church. "Ce u» traditore (telle chitsal" ho said with emphasis-" a traitor, an arrant traitor." So much for the prospects of infalli- bility and unity on the Bosphorus and in the Black Sea ! 