LAUNCH OF THE STEAMSHIP . ? ' GOVERNOR BLACKALL.' An' event of considerabio~mterestrand importance to this city, and in fact to Australia tpokplace yesterday inorning— - viz., the launch of the largest vessel that has yet been constructed here. She is an iron' vessel,, and has been built to the order of the Queensland Government. She is j intended, as -a, mail and pas senger 'boat, for which purpose there is every' indication of hoi1 being admirably adapted* ' Her construction by Mort's Dry' ;Dbck' and 'Engineering Company affords another.illustration of the resources and capabilities - of- their extensive works. She is the seventh steamer which this company has built.' The model and draw^ ings were alT executed at the company's works^' and, with' th'e' 'exceptionrof ^ho' boiler and' other plates, tho lower deck beams and a patent windlass, every part of the vessel has -been manufactured in. the colony. . The launch took place from the company's slip in, Waterview Bay, and the interest which the people gene rally felt in the event may be conjectured from' the, fact that- from two .to' three thousand pei-sons' assembled to witness it. The. Breadalbane ' (s:)y. crowded with paa sengei-Sj-undi the Goolwa (s.), left the Circular Quay shortly beforo 10 o'clock) and took up positions in the Bay. Tho company's yard and wharf woro filled with -people, and all .round the bay, wherever there was an available. piece of land from which' the launclrcould I be seen, large numbers of spectators congregated. Tho vessaj itself, as she lay on the slip, presented a very gay appearance being decked with bnnting from stem to stern; whilst her decks were filled1 with em ployees of the company. Soon after 10 o'clock, his Excellency the Governor the -Eatl of-Belmore, Major Blackall (son of the present Govomor of Queensland), arid Mrs. Blackall, Mr. Henry (the Governor's private secretary), and Mr. T. S. Mort, with two or three other visitors, arrived at the company's works in the steam yacht Bi- onzewing, and in a few minutes after wards active preparations for the launch were made/ The instant tho orders to letj her go w/re given, Mrs. Bhvckall broke a bottle of wine over the bows of the uessel and christened her the 'Governor Blackall,' the shores and stanchions which held tho steamer in place were speedily knocked away, and tho vessel glided smoothly down the well- greased ways into the water. As she mov«d down the slip, hearty cheers were givea by those on board, which were instantaneously and enthusiastically taken up by those on shore. As she lay on tho water her. beautiful form and noble proportions were munifest, and she was admitted by everyone to bo one of the finest specimens of naval archi tecture uveivconxtnicted in tho colony. Judging from present appearances, she bids fair to be one of the fastest boats in the Australian waters. Hor dimensions are as follows :— -Length,. 192 fqat_o_yurallj 184 foot at the load lino ; 23 feet' 0 inclies beam; 16 feet depth of hold; and, according to builders' measurement, 500 'tons burthen. She is divided into water-: tight'compartmonts ; ami. the rigging is to be that of a two-masted topsail schooner. She will be fitted with a pair of inverted condensing engines with two '.'cylinders each 36 inclies in diameter, aod a stroke of 2 feet 8 inches. ? The engines .-will be capablo of being worked u'p.to 500 horse power. The diameter of tho screw pro pollor is 9 feet 8 inches. The boilers are to bo heated by five furnaces, each' of whioh is 3 feet 3 inches in width. The funnel is five feet in diameter. , Tho I engines and boilpr are lioarly ready to put | into their-plnces; The crank shaft, in | itsolf.n fine specimen of workmanshiiy was forged and- turnod at the company's works, and is now on view at the Indus-, trial Exhibition, and will romain there for j (v few- di\v» loiigw no thntnll .iiyticvrittctl \\\\\\-\ ? ? '?- ? ,;^— — -x; .cM.QJ^.workraanshin may frayo an oppoi1-' j. tunity of Booing i£ BeiiclesTIieThaftrthe— ~ keel (which is 195 feet long), the atern/ stern-posts, rudder-posts, and framq were; also forged ? at the company's workshops, , by means of the GO cwt. steam liammor. ? . Tho anglo and bar iron was all rolled by the City Ironworks Company. . Every-1 thing about the vessel has been designed and constructed according to the1 most modern nnd approved stylo. She will be supplied 'with life-boats, and also with ? 0!iIPrA-8_Jiatent_ boat-lowering apparaHls j 'and a steam wST^^yaomtftW'ttrrftiS^1'™ ohnrgo'of her cargei The intdrnal antinge-' ments have been planned in such a. way'1 as to givd' an amount of room and comfort . for each passenger seldom to be met with evenin-boala of larger build — the height between decks being 7 feet 6 inches. Accommodation will bo provided in the j3oloon__for twenty-four gentlemen, and there will be~a'sej)afiltB'~oabin- for:- eight— ladies. The fittings of the saloon will.be ' painted, birdseye maple, with rosewood pilasters and ceiling, ? with cornices en riched by gilding. Each state-room is fitted with two baths in the usual 'style. The state-rooms extend the whole length of tho suloon.. The length of. the main ' saloon is 45 feet. ' The stern part will be ', fitted up with sofas, (fee. :; At the entrance tp'the main saloon is tho captain's cabin, the mail-room, arid steward's pantry. The . erigineers_and oflicors will be accommo dated oii deck, where houses liro to be constructed for ihom. .There will also bo on the dock the cook's pantry,, bath hoiiHes,; lamp^opjn and four water-closets. There will be steerage acc6mni6datioirfor~; thirty-six passongors. The forecastle, (which will be occupied by the crew, Ifi . in number), -is, unusually- roomy. .- It-is.-.. .. expected that the vossol wTH'bp ready for rsea in about two months frorii the present' ? time. We may here state; that a beautiful model of the steamer is on view at the Exhibition.— & M.- Herald, Sept. 14. : A PjtEvcn Ghost Siohy. — Galignani tells a curious story re-ipccting the trial ' of a small farmer named Pfister, of the Department of Bas Rhin fora breach of tho Gamo Lnws'. 'A: peasant returning home late one night saw as he thought the horned head of a frightful .mouRtor iu a pool which ho had to pass. He rushed breatlileBs to tire vil'age. with an alarm inc acount of tlibdemon and a.' bund of villu«er» immediately Bullied forth with ., weiipona. When they came to. the pond they hiiw the crenttifo and l'llsler fired at it. It turned out to be only n stag which had gone into tho pond for coolness.' As the harm wns done, ilia bndy was cut up ami divided, and the village feasted. However the authorities heard of the story and Pfiater wasi proaeeuted fora breach of the f,'aniH laws, the shooting Heaston having closed. An advocate who ? ' defended him called attention to the fact that oil the same day ns that on which the offence had' been committed the Prince . Imperial hlid shot n «tDg in the forest of Fontaincblcau that nil the jouruaU had recounted the exploit, and that no judi- -? cial -procoodingH had been inatitulod ajraiBt his imperial Highness'. The advo- ? cato did not desire the application of the . law.aguiiiHt the'Princo, h^ft only asked for . ; indulgence in cotiarquenco of the coincid- 1 ence. However, the tribunal was properly ' 'j imprcHsed with the'differenco . betwe ii a '; Princelii5(l irfiirmurraud .cQudeinni'd Pfi*- ? 1 uter to 50fr. fine, and the payment of ; coats, ordering also tho gun to bo confis cated.:. Under the cirvurn»tnnceM n ghost would have buca . the more tsaliufuutory antaKonist. ? A injfEB jmt returned from the West ?Coaat; Now .'Zealand, duscribu* to the Brurp Tltrald. tho depression thpre as : Bomi'thing upuralleled. The luttkio.it miners were only averaging about \ divt per diem, and hundreds were unable to clear even their tucker. On liis way to Oiak0 ho ptiBSw'd through Chrintchuruh, where things were equally bad.- The srteet corners wero thruinjed with able bodied men, willing to work for their tuckerv aud unable tp cet a jo.b even on theao terms, lie described it as 'even | vvorso than Duncdin.'' A ronHtilornblo ' - i number had ^coifte.' from the Tliamea,' £ whero wages -rule as low :i»2^. n day, iu ^ hopes of. getting work .oii; the Timaru , -.' Jailway, but. tlie fundi fop Btarting that ??; Vtidertaking were not forthcoming. . j Death rnoif a Ck'ipket'-bau. — ' ? ',.| Geor«e Somem. the/celebrated Nntting- ?.'.' hsimBhi.ro I'ficketer, has lately died from j ?injurieB rocuived in the' match , it Lords. I He was Btruck; full Oii tho toniplo with ? ;i -aball and^ho ..WQjv.ej-ijsMJ ..-iii»''dk\\\th. ' .*.? ..'J 