PUNCH'S LOVE-LETTER. MY OWN DARLING PUBLIC—How wearily the hours drag along when I am not writing to youl Night and day, morning and eveningaye, and dinner-time too—I am thinking of my pet, and wondering what I can write to please her. Where'er I go, whate'er I see, whene'er I read, my one thought is—What is there in it all that I can find to amuse my beloved? To know that I can call up a smile on my darling's face, or draw a tear from her eye, is the greatest consolation of my lonely hours; and I picture you to myself a thousand times o'er reading the lines traced by the hand of your devoted slave, and smiling at and fondling the page that bears my words. And now that my treasure is in danger, now that the horrors of war have actually broken over us, and French kid gloves are up an extra sixpence with a prospect of an absolute cessation in the supply of eaude-Cologne, how can I write so as to give you an idea of all the lovethat fills my heart? Colder lovers than I—old-fashioned fogies of the old school, fellows that would have written to their parents as "Honoured Sir" or "Madam"—have addressed you as "Gentle Reader;" but as forme, I'd rather have my pen stick in its bottle, and light my pipe with my paper, than write and not tell you oi all I feel. It is not for your beauty I love you; you know me too well for that. As for your wealth, I'd rather have you with only a sixpence in your pocket, than Money MILLER with all his gold-bags, and lacking love. I love you, I suppose, because I love you; a,nd I swear that neither time nor trouble will ever change my feelings towards vou. There will be no divorce case for us, my Own; no quarrelling, no bickering; but a long, steady, earnest affection, founded on reason, and cemented by love. „ .._ , What was my darling doing since last Thursday? Not much I think, for vou were very tired with your balls and Town Hall junketings The fun is pleasant while it lasts, but the recovery is painful, and I have pitied my poor public heartily. I was glad to hear you were able to muster up courage to face that hall again to see the dwarfs, but l am afraid you must have seen many ghosts as well as the four little people. I couldn't have faced it even with my pet. Around every pillar would have clustered groups of ghostly memories, some happy enough perhaps, but all tinged with the sadness that ever attaches to buried fun. And I believe I could not have restrained the tears from starting, if I had found, as no doubt I would, that the claret-cup and the iced punch were as substantiates and ghostly as the recollections of the Mayor's guests and the Mayor's hosts. No my darling—I would have been but a mar-sport and a mope; and so 1 let you do your dwarfs in peace, while I did my pipe and toddy by my lonelv fireside. . . , ,» ,, , „„ 1 don't object half as much going with you to the theatre. There are ehosts there too, of course; but I see you happy, enjoying the music, and the acting of COPPIN, and the fine scenery: and my heart is full of thankfulness that you are pleased. I know my pet is sometimes put out at the conduct of the idiots that go to those places simply to vex and offend your susceptibilities—who will hum, and beat time and call" Encore," and talk at unseasonable times; but my treasure must remember that there will be idiots, and that a portion of them find their way everywhere, and that the only course for you is to smile (I wouldn't ask my darling to grin) and bear it. It is certainly rather disheartening, though, to find that, notwithstanding all the care I've taken to keep you free from idiots and bores, they should still bother you as much as they do. The annoyance you experience from thieves, and swindlers, and criminals in general, I don't in any way hold myself responsible for—that is all out of my department; but I sadly fear I have been too lenient with the idiots. How else can we account for their presence in Parliament, in the press, in tbe pulpit, and all kinds of public places ? When I have seen your great, big, reproachful eyes turned sadly on me, as you sat under some particular ass, looking to me for help and deliverance from the torture you were suffering, I have ground my teeth and sworn inwardly a mighty oath that I would smite and spare not, for my darling's sake. But my very love for you makes me too easy and good-natured, and when the first annoyance is over, and I sit down quietly at my desk to wield the Steel-nibbed cane, pickled in blackest ink, my ill-temper vanishes, and I let even a M'KEAN or a LONGMORE off with a poke in the ribs, so that you might have a laugh at his contortions, instead of giving it to him. hot and heavy somewhere else. Does my darling ever think of me through the long, long week that drags along from Thursday to Thursday? I know you do; I have not one doubt of the sincerity of tbe attachment you have always professed for me ; and feeling, as I do, wort hy of your affection, from the strength of my own love, I shall never have a jealous thought respecting you. I know your heart is mine wherever you may be—doing the block or going to it. in the theatre, the ball, the church. And wherever you may be, my loved one, remember my thoughts are of thee. Never are you absent from my mind, never is my loving heart turned from you for a moment. Farewell for a while, my beautiful, my own. With a thousand prayers and fond wishes for your happiness, I remain, my own darling public, ever and always your most faithful and devoted PUNCH. 