OPENING OF THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. (European Mait.j The tEcutnbhicul Council woa opened on' Decern-' bor 8. v Amid thp ringing of' tho holla of all tho cccloaiostieal odifices in tho city and salvoca of ^louut Aveiitine, the procesaiou-formcd in tho Upj-er Atriuni of tho Vatican, f descended tho Scala Rueizia, aiid passed throuch tho' Lower 'Atrluiiririto'tho Cathedral.— Regular and-flecdlar clergy were ranged on cither side, and the pro cession consisted of aix'Archbishop-PrinccS, 49. Cardinals, Patriarchs, G80 Archbishops and Bishops, 28 Abbots,* and- 29 Generals of religious orders. In all'ahout 800 occlesiastics. preceded tho Pope/ '\vho -vas carried into tho Cathedral iir tho gestatorial clmir. His Holiness first knolt before tho Sacrament, and tho Assembly then took their p.laccs- in the Council-hall in seven rows! ; After .mass had been chanted by^ ^Cardi- nal Patrizi« tho Archbishop of Iconiuir pro nounced tho inaugural discourse. TMie Pope, who appeared to he in tho enjoyment of excel lent .health, then gave his boncdiction, the -ceremony being carried out in exact accordance | with tho State programme, The tribunes of tho | Council-hall .;werp occupied by the sovereigns and princes present . in Rome, the members of tho ? diplomatic body, Generals J)uinont and Kanfclor, and tho Roman and foroign nobility. The Council-hall presented a most spleiidid and imposing appearance. After giving the bene diction,,, the Pope received ^the homage of th6 members of the G'ouncil.^^Cha appoiut«u pray.urs followed, and tho Pope three times invoked the aid of tho Holy Ghost for the Council, a hymn to tho Holy Ghost being sting by tho choristors. Pors(t.s not' members . o.f--tUo-. asscmbly...then: quitted the hull. Tho Prelates approved the 1 ctccroo openiiig the Council, tho 'Tc Deum fol lowed, and the ceremony terminated. ' Tko Eiri ^press of Austria was present in the 'gallory set ajjart for foreign Sovereigns.-' The 'weather was n'cry-batlrr— On— Doccmber-9,— tlio-Popju read tcr the members assombled a short homily, in which l\c said that it had given Jiim great pleasure to inaugurate tho Council on] tho appointed day, and to see the Bishops assembled in greater n'umbors than oyer. They had come to teach all .men the. voice of God, ; aiid to judgo^with tho Popo under 'tho auspices of tho Holy Spirit on the errors of human science. The Church was stronger than Heaven itself f drid now was tho Jtimo^jconsuler .what_remcdies _wero -cilicacious. agaihst the present evils. The Bishops should strive with him to secure peaoefuhiess-m the monasteries, order in tho Church, and discipline rainong-the-clergy? — In-conclusion,— h-Hnraked~ the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, -and tliVMEoly iVjigelsT' 'The fourth sitting of tho General Con gregation was to bo held on December 28. After tho election of the committee appointed to con sider tho questions^ relating to religious orders, the assembly will probablylcnter unon thb ^lis jjussion_of_c.o.rfa\in„proposalfl_rcgariling_dogmas- of faith. Duelling is among .the subjects announced for discussion .by the Oecumenical Council. The dobato will bo opened by the Bishon of Privas. . Among other matters of speculation connected with tKcTRoman Catholic Council it has become a question, not moroly .what these reverend seigniors will say (if thoy are to say anything), but; how they will say it. 'Iiatin~of course; is supposed to bo- the 'dfficiid tonguo, but at a little rehearsal held the pther day they, caihe to signal grief at onco oi) the ' question of concoctiug tho address to his Holi ness in answer — more parli^mcntico — to his speech from, the Chair, for it was found that all tub Latin available did not 3tlffl6e for a common conversation. A few American bishops pro posed to substitute French, and things went on smootlily for a few minutes in tho tongue of tho .Gallicans, .when the Bishop of Roggio protested against the profanation. Matters of tho Church could only be treated in Latin, ho said, the -Vulgato being written in that holy tongue, and some ono even suggested Christ and tho Apostles as having spoken in that tonguo. And so tho Latin debate was resumed by tho few who . had mastered the language to a spcakable degree. The others sat in Rilenco, but when it camo to -signing-tha adjlress thoy-did sign it all liko men. The following are the names of those who form the committee on Anglican Orders in tho Vati can Canncil : — (Jardiuals Roisarch and -Cull en, the Archbishop of Baltimore, with l)rs. Man^ iiing and Ullatnorno. Had Dr. Newman beon in Kome, he would' havo been asked to act as their secretary. . , ? ...... _ The ..Time* correspondent gives us, ..in th-j fol lowing description, rfn admirable .idea of *tlio varied characteristic:s of the.orpwd attending on the proceedings :-—'r&f; course 'London with its threo'millionB, can get up a larger multitude' of I men, on a good many occasions ; but it could ; not be anything liko so strange,- so motley, so picturesque, and so surprising. Imagine all tho tigurcs in all the pictures 'of churchcs, countries, cities, village's, by all' the Italian and all the Dutch artists, walking but of .their frames, just as.they are,- anil ^ou have the crowd in which I. have b6en wandering like a moto in a suribeami 1' am living in company witli Ittphuol, Titian, ^ Paul Veronese, ond also Teniers j for I havo never, seen more beautiful dr'eeses, never more quaint, nevermore savage^and. uncouth/' ' De scribing the service, ho' says Strange, as it may seem . to English Protestant cars, the service wiui inccHiautly going on at all tte altars in the church ; congregations were a^j^uflblod at thoin, i bolls were ringing, ami 'respouso7clu\nted, and ' ftyoryjiQW uiul.tjwii there .was a procession, with boll aifll caudle, 'from ono part of tho church to another. In . the very midst of tlio sightseers, . occupying overywhciro the most commanding positions; from the slightest to tho most danger puu elevation, priosts wero.celobniting iriass, as if'thoy.woro alono in the vast solitudes of the old basilices here. I must :mld tlu^t overy ten minutes tho WoT.d of cnjrtmand- was 'giyon m no gentle, voica to somo body of soldiers, to clear' an evcuuo, pusb back (i crowd, or mako some new coifibi/fatioii. .TJiis they had soimitimelj to. tjo ini tho facti of, strong remonstrances. Lower down the ijave I Jjeaf the thiovos were' plying Uioir / Irfi'lo, with ? rohocrtorl at (Iniordcr. ? : ' 11 ^ * 