MELBOURNE. Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co/report Fat cattle : Bast beef, twenty-five shillings per 100 lbs. Fat sheep : Still further advance of six pence per.bead on. all prime. : PUBLIC MEETING OF FREE-SELECTORS. It will be seen from our advertising columns tbat a meeting of free-selectors has been called by Mr. M'Intyre, of Oura, iu aid of the Robertson fund. In an address to the selectors of the Lachlan and Murrumbidgee districts, Mr. M'Intyre calls upon them to remember their obligations to the author of the Land law, and make such a demonstra tion in his behalf as shall be worthy both of him and of them. We regret that want of space prevents us from going as fully into the subject as we could wish, but we will return to it in our next. SALE OF PROPERTY.-One of the first practical evidences of the commercial im portance of our gold reefs was exhibited on Wednesday last, when a Mr. Joseph Rich, a miner from the Sebastopol Reef, purchased through Mr. Shadowsky, for the sum of two thousand pounds, cash, Mr. Mar key's property, known as the Squat ters' Hotel, with the late additions thereto, occupied by Mr. S. A. Phillips, cordial manufacturer. Mr. Monks, we be lieve, first purchased the "Old Squatters'" (.without the recently-constructed additions) for thirteen hundred pounds, and re-sold to Mr. Rich for fourteen hundred. The last named gentleman then gave Mr. Markey six hundred for the new portion, making in all the two thousand first named. This purchase is an investment, yielding a rental of £290 per annum, or nearly 15 per cent, on the capital. Mr. Rich and his family proceed to England by the first mail steamer, leaving the management of his affairs to a brother. No change in the conduct of the Squatters' Hotel is, we believe, anticipated. HOMEWARD MAILS.-The homeward mails, via Suez will be despatched from Sydney on | Thursday morning next, 21st instant. Letters, &c.;, should be posted at Wagga Wagga before half-past twelve o'clock on Monday next. SEBASTOFOL RBKF.-We learn that Messrs. Ryan and Heffernan are commencing crush ing operations with the machine they have just erected at Sebastopol Reef. They have an immense quantity of auriferous quartz on on the grass, and a supply in the mine that j promises a rich return for a long time to come. The machine is expected to crush 1G0 tons per week; and as another powerful machine, the property of a mining company at Grenfell, is in course of erection in the neighbourhood, under contract to crush for other claiuiholders in the Sebastopol and surrounding reofs, at the rate of 10s. per ton, a satisfactory quantity of quartz being guaranteed, there may shortly be expected I such periodical returns from the Sebastopol and Junee Reefs as will not only warrant the action of the authorities in granting an escort, but considerably accelerate the pros perity of the district, and of Wagga Wagga in particular. OUR CRICKETERS.-The first and leading division of our eleven left town for Gundagai yesterday morning between 4 and 5 o'clock, in the pelting pitiless rain, intending to breakfast at Lower Tarcutta, and then push on to Gundagai. We trust they have suc cessfully achieved the journey, but as they had no boat with them, this is questionable wo think. Travellers who camo down on Thursday describo tlio condition of the road as fearful, and consider thoy havo made the trip literally by water. The secoad division of the Wagga Wagga Cricket Club started at half-past 7 o'clock, the rain being then much lighter. This section of the force was unfor tunate, however ; the horses refused to leave the suburbs, and "stuck up" the travellers so soon as they became assured there was no more macadamized road in advance. The horses were right, doubtless, but it was pro voking, especially as the captain was with tiie second division. "Hounds, when the huntsman tumbles, are at fault," and our eleven would not be eleven without the " capting."-A return to town was decided upon, for fresh nags. The horses made no objection to the retrograde movement, but rather seemed to like it, and exchanges having been effected, a second start was made, which wo trust will prove to be a suc cessful one. It was, however, thought that the "commander of the forces," with his division, would have to billet themselves for the night at Mundarlo, and by a foreed march under cover of the early fog, be up with the enemy in time to prevent any serious consequences to the fir3t division, which was necessarily left so long unsupported. Tub AMATEUR DRAMATICS.-The pro gramme of the amateurs at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday night was a great success. There was a very large and fashion able audience, including several ladies, whose brave array made the dingy old hall look younc again-if so seedy a place ever could have looked young. The pieces played were the Parmer's Daughter and the Artful Dodge. The performance opened with a prologue ?written by Mr. Hutchinson, and delivered in character with great force and spirit by Farmer Acorn (Mr. E. G. Wilton). The first piece went off sparklingly, all the mem bers of the cast vieing with each other in their efforts to do justice to their parts, and the comicalities of Mr. and Mrs. Toodles creating general mirth. The Artful Dodge was perfectly successul, if its aim was to secure the laughter and applause of the audience. Owing to the great success of the entertainment it will be repeated on Wednes day night. This will be "positively" the last appearance of the present committee, whose term of office will soon expire. They have worked hard and done much good for the Institute, and should certainly be hon oured on this farewell night with a bumper house. The following is the Prologue : ALL things are possible in British drama, So-don't be startled-fancy me a farmer Thank Heaven, I'm not; no miller has the .teen,t""ou., miu n""»«in« ? Of grinding me together with my wheat Old Farmer Acorn, honest, bold, aud blufr, A genuine sample of true British stuff, As farmers always are, in every age, Great, jolly, John-Bull giants (on the stage), Sweating strange oat Us, and swilling ale like .water, And boasting, everyone, a pretty daughter. Fancy, I say, 'tis Farmer Acorn now That makes to you his clumsy country bow, Bids you all welcome, not in courtly phrase Base tribute often paid because it pays But in good, hearty English, plain, and blunt, And free as-well, suppose we say, the Punt. v - -.. TJnou my life I didn't mean to cbaii . " You don't mean, do youl'.at the Punt to laugh.- . v The Corporation Punt that is to be The great, the grand, the paid for, and the , Perish the thought! the. man who laughs at that, , "Would laugh at anything-aye, Armstrong s hat! A truce to local politics ; to-night At least we'll try to do without a fight. Just for a change, let's cease to growl and And meet without a squabble, for a lark. For once, we'll let the mighty questions "Wliiclifl?,Tag"" can lift"""the "hardest; ior its side j Whether the P.M. should be hanged aud quartered, Willans " cut down," or tough old Tompson slaughtered; Wliich doctor's physic is the best for bile. Or "\vho invented the " spread-eagle " style; Which lawyer best can do a client brown, . Or " blow " a hurricane for half-a-crowu ! Who should be J.P.'s, who, per contra, shouldn't, And who-ah, who? poor modest, mortals wouldn't ; Who'-speaks to whom, who doesn't, what's the reason,- ' . . _ (Why everybody know's it's mushroom season); And last, the greatest question far of all, Who shall be first aud fiercest in the brawl ? Far gentler thoughts to-night our minds employ Even the sweets of slander sometimes cloy The "raws" of Wagga-pray excuse the pun It isn't Tumpson's last-are overdone. What profit in perpetual falling out ? Shake hands, I say, all round, and both sides " shout." . ..' ;/ Let's have no shirkers-nay, nor draw a line 'Tween Total Abstinence and " These are mine!" All take the pledge to totally abstain From finding pleasure in another's pain. To-night at least, the season's opening night, ? . The first, we trust, of many more as.bright, We'll take the Chief's advices- treat spite as sport, : ~ Aud laugh all paltry scandals out of Court. What, tho' without the storm of faction mutters, I And swells the'inky stream of' Gur wood's gutters ; Tho' crashing thunders shake the town's foundations; And " belching lightnings" threaten con flagrations ; Tho' screeches high the fell "spread-eagle" muse, While Bridge-directors tremble in their shoes ? Heed not the racket; tho' a thunderclap Sounds very awful, it don't hurt a rap. E'en " belching lightnings "-nasty, if you like Can singe a feather only where they strike ; So let 'em belch, while shrieks the Bird o' Freedom High on his stuuip-to-night we'll never heed 'em, But letting those who like go in for slaughter, Permit me now to introduce my Daughter. INSOLVENCY.-In the estate of Charles Amedee Sognies, a special meeting for the proof of debts will be held in the Court house, WaggA Wagga, this morning at eleven o'clock. New MAGISTRATES .-Tho following gentlemen have been appointed magistrates : -John C. Bowler, Billabong ; John Burns, Jerra Jerra, Ten-mile Creek ; James Day, Albury; James II. Dunlop, Walbeendra, Albury; Robert John Everett, Mossgiel, Booligal; William Frederick Ewington, Hay; John Byrne Hurley, Rock Lodge, Cora mundra, Lachlau ; Thomas Mitchell, Woo margainil, Ten-mile Creek ; James Huon Mitchell, Albury ; Robert Molesworth, Wyadra, Booligal ; Theodore Watson, Cal iino, Deniliquin ; Edward Westby, Pullitop, Ten-mile C'reek; and William H. Williams, Ten-mile, Creek. CORONER FOR YOUNG.-Mr. Robert Brown Armstrong has heen appointed to be coroner for the district of Young. SUGAtt FROM THE "PLANTERS' FrIEKD." We (Maitland Mercury) have been shown, by Mr. E. O. Middleton, a sample of the granulated or crystallisod syrup, made from the sorghum or iinpliee plant, introduced by the Rev. E. Holland, and named by liim the " Planters' Friend. The sample in question consists of a very bright, clear, and strong syrup, of oxcollent flavour, and evidently requiring only a little more boiling to make a nice light sugar. The process of manu facture adopted was that recommended by Mr. Holland, although for want of the uecea sary machinery it was conducted on an imperfect scale. A fact that will possess great significance foi agriculturists in this district is that the :anes from which thia' syrup was made were grown on land subject to flood, and were actually under water twice during tho reoent inundation to a height of several feet, for a period of about seven days, without any apparent deterio plat* augar-producing qualities of the BUSINESS IN' MELBOURNE. - Mercantile business 111 Melbourne, writes a correspon dent, has not been in so unsatisfactory a con dition for some years as it is at the present time ; and there cau be no doubt that thisis mainly the result of over-tradiug and specu-' lating during the past year. Simultaneously with the depression in trade, we have a decline in the productiveness of our gold fields, and a marked depreciation in the market value of mining property, for years past there has been a diminution of the yields from our alluvial gold workings ; and this i3 particularly noticeable in the returns for last year. The^ increase in our yields of the ? quartz-reefs has, however, generally more * nearly compensated than it did last yeir for the falling off in the yields of the alluvial diggings. The inexhaustible character of our quartz reefs, and the fact that as they are - beinf; opened up tho yields are keeping pace steadily with their developement, should give us confidence in the stability of this great interest, notwithstanding the injuries inflicted upon it by trading speculators. Our now manufactures, which have been the boast of the colony for two or three years' past, aye (with the exeption of the Meat Preserving Companies) not maintaining their ground ; and there are symptoms of falling off in our intercolonial trade. Every interest is therefore languishing, and the - Banks are at least disposed to be accommo dating when their assistanca is felt to be most. needed. That the present depression will be only of temporary duration we have every reason to hope. There will of necessity be some amount of suffering, and a few of the weaklings will go to the wall; but the healthy and stable amongst our business houses will perhaps in the end be none the worse for the weeding that is going on. SYDNEY BELL'S LIFE. - Mr. Owen C. Beardmore, a gentleman who has passed quite a number of years of active life in tlii3 ..quarter ef the colony in various public capacitie37fosT^cently~pirrchased Mr. Mar shall Burdekin's interest in Bells Life. Mr. Beardmore is now the publisher, and Mr. Burdekin, having returned from his European tour, has resumed the editorial management. The paper is much improved, and never, since its establishment, has it presented a finer appearance than now. AN ACROBAT TRANSPORTED FROJI CAL CUTTA TO VICTORIA.-Mr. H. Bartine, in a letter to the Melbourne Herald, says, his visit to that city has been forced upou.hira by the authorities at Calcutta. In fact he has been transported from there to that colony. Some time back, while on a pro fessional tour in Western Australia, he met the liberated Fenians, ICeneally and Co., and was at times in their company. After closing his engagements there, he left the Sound in the mail steamer for Calcutta, and performed there for a short time in connection with Abell's circus, and during Prince Alfred's visit to that place, and was about to leave for the purpose of fulfilling several lucrative engagements in the interior, when he was arrested on warrant signed by Earl Mayo, Viceroy of India, oil suspicion of being a Fenian. He was allowed on parole to'have his liberty, but only for a radius of one mile from Spence's hotel, where he was staying, but was always under strict surveillance from the police. After remaining in this position for some five weeks, he was, against his will, conveyed on board the Isabella Brown, by superintendant Lenningham and a detective, and brought to Melbourne, the Indian Government paying his passage, and giving him a sum of money to quietly leave the country. A HORRIBLE case of a criminal assault oil a child five years of age, was committed on the 4th instant, at the Turf Club hotel, Geelong. The Daily 7'eler/raph states that a man named William Jones, who was stay ing at the hotel, is the offender, and the unfortunate victim is Margaret Macnamara, a niece of Mr. O'Toole, landlord of the hotel. The man was seen in the kitchen ap parently playing with the child, but shortly afterwards symptoms were observed which led to suspicion, and on examination it was found that the girl had been horribly out raged. Drs. Walshe and Machin were sent for, and fouud her in a most dangerous state. The man ran out of the .hotel, but the police were promptly in chase, and arrested bim at the Star Hotel. On examination by the medical men, signs were found on him of the horrible offence ; and the doctors both state that the capital offence was fully commited. THE DEFAULTING RAII.V."AY ACCOUNTANT. -A reward of £100 has been offered by the . Government for such information as shall lead to the apprehension of Ashdown, who, as it will be remembered, absconded last week from his bail. He is described as " about forty-five years of age, five feet seven inches high, medium build, dark sallow complexion iron-gray hair and whiskers, down looking." A CHINESE SUICIDE.-About three years ago, a. Chinaman, shepherding on the Bogan, cut his throat, having taken the precaution to stow away a good meal first. It was a nasty, cold, wet morning in May, when. Se- .. ma-Cronang (or whatever his name was) turned over his swag, destroyed some valu able papers, examined his razor polished off a hearty breakfast, and walked in from the kitchen to the house, thinking, I have no doubt, that it would bo a greater honour to perform the feat (which one so seldom sees ? done) before the master, instead of the cook. The celestial remarked that "He was werry cold," and was told to "go into the kitchen - and warm himself." He replied,' " I'll show you," and pulling out a razor (which, owing to the darkness of the room, looked like a ' piece of black tape), turned coolly round, compressed his lips, and made a long in cision, severing the carotid artery, and which failing, continued hacking away. Se-ma Cronang's spirit had fled before the body had touched the ground-merely a slight quiver of the lips. John had " thanked the woiId." Three hours afterwards he was 'buried. Since then his perturbed spirit has been seen twice, making night hideous, but only saea by one who believes in ghosts. However, it appears that his bones were not to reft in that spot. A month ago, four Chinamen called, borrowed a spade, dug up tho remains of poor John, drank brandy, burnt lights round the grave to appease the soul, laid the bones nir.st carefully on a clean cloth, and started for China, not wishing to leave the remains of one who had sacrificed himself to some great idol, in a Christian country. Chinamen are a strange people, but pares, cum paribus, etc. - Correspondent Dubbo Dispatch. THE murder of Klein, the German, in.the cedar scrub, about thirty roilos from. Too woomba, in February last, is now likely to be avenged. Helrich, otherwise known as " Alec "-who shot Klein through the heart because he was taking some cedar from the scrub to which Helrich considered ho had some special claim-immediately absconded, and all attempts to discover his hiding place for a long timo proved unavailing, notwith standing a reward of £300 offered by the Queensland Government for his apprehen sion. He seems at last to have grown tired of hiding, and wrote to a person with whom > he was acquainted to claim the reward by coming to arrest him. Criminals in Queens laud seem to have a strange morbid desire that the reward offered for their arrest should benefit their friendB ; and there is a curious coincidence between Helrich's proceeding and that of the convict Prendergast, who wished his wife to give him in charge so as to secure tho reward for herself and her children. SUFFERING FROM THIRST IN THE BUSH. \- Another instance of the terrible fate of those who at times wander from the water courses of the interior is placed on record, and again it is from the pen of the Bourke correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch. So graphic is the narrative in its particularity, so intense the feeling wrought up in the description of suffering, and so lively the imagination of the writer in regard to the facts he could not have witnessed, that one is driven to the conviction that he is not unaccustomed to attacks of dipsomania. Hear him. "On they went through terrible scrub and terrible sand - on through the fear ful heat and glowing sunshine. The water bag - a small one - fearful mistake - was soon drained of its last welcome drop, and the sun began to lose its scimetar-like flashing. Still before and behind and around them, like eternity, lay the cruel and unrelenting sand and scrub. By-and-by, the strength of the horses began to fail; there was an un certainty in their going, a throbbing of their tails; a dropping of their ears, with the vague something that they could go no fur ther." They miss the spring they sought, their mare's udder has been dried to supply their necessities, they desert their buggy and mount their horses to ride for their lives, trusting their horses will lead them to a place of safety. They throw away their clothes. Now for the "agony." "Hot and burning the blistering sand sparks and rolls from the bare feet; stingingly the sunbeams lash the naked breast and shoulders; but on, still on, life or death is the cost. Nature sinks amidst the desolation - home, wife, friends, come up before the filmed eye; reason is all that is alive. The body, insensible to the stings of ants, which literally swarm it, lies passively still, while the soul offers up a fervent prayer for rain. Strange - marvel ously strange - the clouds from copper take a leaden tint, darker and darker and at length the glorious life-giver fell on the sense less sufferer. As Lazarus from the tomb came forth at the voice of the Divine Master, so the inanimate Malpas rose to his feet renewed. A roll in the mud, a little drop of water caught here and there, and hope again returned. On again without pause, and this was a wise thing; for had he rested he would never have told his story. On through the moist soil for half a mile (the rain had fallen no farther), and the heated sand was again beneath his feet; but 'forward' - the stars beckoning him on - was his cry, and bravely he pushed 0n. The road was cut, and exhausted to the last step, he sank again to die. How long he lay he knows not; he was again startled by what he thought was a spirit, so disturbed was his reason. It was Scrivener; the mare had found her foal, and Scrivener, true to his parting promise, sought his friend in peril. Malpas was saved by Scrivener, for only though eight miles from the tank, it was more than he could have done, and he must have perished." Unfor tunate readers, that must be satisfied with this meagre recital, you must not blame the writer for its frigid brevity. He is candid; he says: "I may have erred in small matters, for I lost the account given me by Mr. Malpas of this terrible journey." Mr. Malpas, of the Paroo Hotel, it seems, left with Scrivener in a buggy for the back country, lost their way, got back safely, and probably first knew at their great sufferings from the fervid tale by the Bourke corres pondent. COOTAJIUNDUY.-The following gentlemen have been appointed trustees of the portion of land at Cootamundry, containing 18 acres 3 roods aud 24 perches, which has been dedicated as a water reserve :-Messrs. John B. Hurley, P. J". O'Donnell, J. Barnes, and 3?. M'Gowan. 