Notes of 1'asHiiiff Events. (By Scrutineer) Mv pon nnii ink colleaguo, 'Old Wallaby,' having j missed inoin onu issue of your papor, wasdet rniinecl itsoeinsto boat my heels tho next time I should appear with my budget of ' notes.' As 1 was I deprived of tho distinction of the learned animal's company on the 12th instant, ho appears to havo lain iu want for mo during tho .w'eok until the lDth, when be again makes a bound into your columns with ino, talking- of hiB doc 'Uonster' and ? referring to Balaam's Ass as a family matter.' Poor X Y., what will bfoome of him, with ' Old Wallaby ' nnd his mongrel Boaster in pursuit of him. Why tho very sight of two such fierce and furious not to say for midable animals, would be enough to frighten any human being of ordinary norvo to doatb, particularly if thoy might have any belief in ghosts or hobgoblins. X Y. is within ono lettar of the end of t e alphabet already, and uulcss ho turns round upon Boaster and hisimastor, as wo are informed the fox did, lam afraid it will be the ond complotely with himself He should take courago from tho fact tbat Boaster is so easily rooted, when fairly faced, as is tbo case with every . boaster, whorever they maybe. 'Old Wallaby's ' great theme, howovor, appears to bo the racecourse agitation. In evory one of his ' Flying Comments ' ho has takon a canter over the race course, in fact ho makes a regular wallaby track of iti He talks so often aud so much about tho race courso, tbe raco club, and horse rncos, that a porson would be almost inclined to believe that he must bo a regular sportsman and a bookmaker, as well as a newspnpor correspondent. As ' Old Wallaby ' takos upon himself to deal witb public matters, wo moat loavo hiB peculiar species out of tbe question, and criticise bis statements in a matter of fuot manner. Tho way in which '? Old Wallaby' deals with tho racccourso matter in every chapter of his comments, reminds mo of an anccdoto I onco road of an Irish man, and which I will here relate. A certain gentle man incurred tho displeasure of a cortain Pat in somo way, and Put vowed vongcanco in his mind against his offondor, and determined to sorve him out in his own peculiar way whenovor opportuni y might preBont iiBi-lf for tbo purpobo. Somo time after tho dato of tbo disputo in question, Pat aud tho gentleman happened to meot on a highway, and Pat being a Hibernian gonius, it was only tho matter of a moment for him to arrange in his mind how bis black- thorn was to bo put into activo* set vice on his adversary's body thore and then. So in tho most friendly manner possible Pat says to him, 'Where in tho arts of tho wurld have ye been Sur, that the back of yer 'annor's coat is so full of dusht ? ' 'The gentleman was amazod for tho moment, aud was going to tako his coat off to dust it, but Pat chimed in at once by saying, ' Don't thrublo to tako yer coat off, jist allow mo tho ploasuro to clano it for ye, and Kavo ye that same bather.' The gentlomau at onco said most courteously, ' O, thank you ' With that Pat says, 'Bo my sowi, it's on tho back of yer bead as well,'' and with- that he puts tho black thorn into play on tho unsuspecting man's hoad in a man ner that knocked him down at the first blow. Pat then flagellated away with tbo aforesaid bl ick-tboin at his proBtrato offender with all Ills might, until suddenly another man came along, and observing Pat's manual exercise tu-hed to the rescue, calling out, 'Is it murthcring tho giutloman you are ?' ' Not a bit of it shnro,'' said Pat, ' 1 am only dushting bis clothes, wid his own purmission and constat, and faith I'm thinking thoy wont requiro dushting ng;n for the next month when I'm after being d no wid them.' Justus it was not tho man's clothes but the man himself that Pat wanted to use his black thorn upon, so it appears to mo that, in like mannor, it is not so much in favor of the lato pet-tion to the Municipal Counoil concerning tbo raco course, as personally against 'some of tbo gentle men constituting the raco club, that 'Old Wallaby' wields his pen in your columns. In avery one of his contributions the lacecouroo question appears to be tbe great throud of his dis eourso, and in referring to it bo never allows tbo opportunity to pass without making offensive and uncalled for remurksabout tbo Kaco Club. Mr Alder man Cosgrove appears to rocoive the special attention of 'Old Wallaby.' Now it appears to tne that the head and front of AWcrman Cosgrovo's ofloaco in tho eyes of 'Old Wallaby'' is tbat that gentleman is a member of tho Race Clob. If Mr CoBgrove was a staunch member of the Cricket Club, and an opponent of the racos, I quest:o:i vory much whethor we should havo beard a word from ' Old Wallaby' about hiB (Mr Cojgrove's) qualification or non-qualification as an Aldorman of the Borough of WoIIungong. In all matters, and public matters in particular, principlo Bbould bo dealt with fairly and fearlessly, but person alities should bo stricily and studiously avoided. Every public question Bbould be digressed and dis- ] posed of on its merits, irrespective of the cbaraclor, the conduct, or tbo motivos of any person or persons concerned. What has the character or conduct of the gentlemen composing the Bace Club to do with tbo merits of tbe question at issuo between thoao gentlemen and tbo Municipal Council about tbo racecourse ? Io making these remarks I do so neither to defond the Race Club nor to defame ' Old Wallaby/' but as 1 disapprove of and detest person alities, i will always diReountenance such whenever I come in contact with it. I hold a dccidcd opinion about tho racecourse question myself, and lest i maj bo misunderstood 1 will bore state my views in tho main, as briefly as possible about tbo matter. As tho Trustee of tho course have been appointed by Government, and tbat they havo oxorted themselves in many ways to improve tho ground, it is noither likely nor reasonable to expect them to give up ail right to it at the request or bidding of anybody unlesB compelled to do so. On tho othor hand, while the patrons of the turf Bhould havo equal rights to enjoy tho public domain, thny should be favored with no exclusive privileges in that respect. If any Turf Club oau get a racecourse from Government in a place whero it will bo no inconvenience to tho general public that it should be sot apart for that particular purpose, by all meauBlet them have it, and Improve it and enjoy it without let or bindiance. But if the existence of a racecourse so granted becomes an annoyance to the general public in any way, all exolusive rights in it should be revoked by by tbo Crown, and tho land thionn open for tho equal use and unrestrained enjoyment of all. Therc- fore it appears to mo tbat the Wollongong racooourse is so situated that no one portion of tho public should have any special right toit or con trolovor it. As long as tbe use of it by tbe race club did not interfere in any way with the pleasure or pursuits of any othor portion of tho publio it was a matter of no consequence, but if the course aB under present control is calculated to bo an obstacle to the legitimate public use of tbat land for tho future, the sooner it reverts to the Crown tbo batter. It is quite right that races Bhould fake placo there as ofton. as the race-loving part of tho community may dosiro ; it is equally right that tho placo should bo as fieoly opon to any other publio omuBoinents or recreations also. The publio lauds should not bo monopolized by any particular part of the public. All havo oqual rights toit, all Bhould have equal privileges. It is to bo hoped now that tbo long standing question of disputoabout the racecourse has boen fairly taken up by tho Municipal Counuil that tbo matter may bo at once finally and for over settled. For many years past tbat matter has been the great ' Alabama question ' of tbe Borough, ami unless definitely settled by law it will continue to be so iu tbe futuro Therefore tho sooner it is decided ono way or tho other the better. Witb reference to the institution or custom of boisoracing properly speaking, that is, the more testing of tho speed of different animals in a logitimate and fair way, there can be no valid objection. Tho practice is not affected in any rcspict by tbe dodgory, duplicity, and deceit which is ofton carried on in connection with rucing any moro than reBpoutablo society is by tho many polite and polished rogues and swindlers in thoir midst, nor aflooted any more in a comparative point of view than ever tbe pure principle of Christianity itself is by the numerous hollow and unhallowed hypocrites who mako pro fession of religion, and obtain placos aud positions in the Cbuioh. I nm sorry to think, bowover, that the chief argument always urged in favor of horse racing, namely, that it is a maaDS of improving tbo breed of horses, doeB not bold good in this oolony. During a groat number of years past racing bas pro gressed in tho ooloRios at a rapid rato, and thorough bred Sires have been advertised and bred from in all directions, but during the samo tuno tbo gorviceable i and saleable uaddle horso and tho strong and stylish carriage pairs of formor years havo almost dis appeared from tho country. Wo have now no end of racehorses, but a good saddle horse is rarely soon, aud vory seldom to bo obtained ovon at on unusua ly high figure. Witb tho riso of racing hero tbo brood of ordinary and useful horses has degenerated, and tho colony is now overrun with woody worthless animals instead of tho fine, powerful, stylish, upstand. ing saddle hoi sea of yoarB gono by. Any gontlemen who might improve tho brood of saddlo horses in this colony oqual to what thoy wore many years ago would be greater benefactors to tbe community than aro all tho owners of raco studs or all the raco olubs in tho colony Befering to the turf puts mo in mind that tbe socond raoo for tbo offloe of Ensign in the Volunteer Corps has come off, and ended in a 'dead hoot ' between tho two leading candidates. 'When Greek moots Greek thon comes tho tug of war.' Such app-'arsto havo beon tho c-mo Lotweon Mr Bright and Mr Slnderi, and .Mr Urifiin seems to bo a bit of n Spartan a'so, as ho wan very close upon tie heels of tbo front rivals in tho r.ice. Tho fourth candidate was moro than displaced, ho was nowhero The lato contost for Ensign would appear to tno to havo been vory badly managed. Mr Sladen Was put upon his trial a socond timo before tho Corps. Ho was the individual cause of tho second oloction, and tho objections boing to him only ho should have been opposed iu tho late oloction by only one other candidate. In that ovont Ills frionds and oppouonts could havo tried tbeir strength proporly, and tho result would have decid- d tho matter effectively and satiifactorily. It was, properly spoaking, a question of confidence or no confidence of the Corps in Mr Sladen, not whethor ho was a bettor man for tho office than Mr Bright, Mr 1 Griffin, or Mr Jenkins. Instoad of conducting tho eloction in tbi.t manner however, a quartette of candi dates appeared in tho contest 'cagor for tbo fray.' Tbe result, as might bo oxpectcd. wos most unsatis factory, and went to provo nothing, unless it was tbat instead of polling 41 votes as be did at tho first election, Mr Sladen only polled 24 voteB on this second occasion. Eighty members of tho Corps votod at the olcotioD, which in tho affirmative went to prove as follows .—24 out of tbo 80 approved oi Mr Bright in preference to tho other throo candidates, an equal number approvod of Mr Sladen, 22 prefcrrod Mr Griffin to the others, and Mr Jenkins was the choico of tun members for tho offloe. Let us now look ot tho result oi tho election from a nogativo point of view. Of the 60 members prosont 56 votod against Mr Sladen, and an equal number ngoinst Mr Bright; 58 voted against Mr Griffin, and 70 against Mr Jenkins. Therefore Mr Sladon not only polled 17 votos less than be did at the first election, bat be also only polled four votos more than ono fourth of all tho votes rcoorded at tho election. Or, as before stated, for tho 24 votes apioco polled by Mr Sladon and Sir Bright, 50 votes wore given by tho Corp-i against each of them. Tho olectiou was altogether an un. military and mismanaged bunglo from boginniug to end, and tho blame in tho matter appears to bo attached to tho caudidatcs ihemselvos as well as to the Corps. Tho grounds upon which ono of tbo can didatos based his claim fi-r el.ction was as con tomptiblo as it was insultingly presumptuous, and bis vauntiug vanity recoived its duo downfall and deserts in the contost. When.'a man in any publio capacity pleads 11 blood' in tho absence of brains, and seeks to put 'podigree'in tho placo of prin ciple, his conduct in that rcspoct bocomes a fit as well as a foul subjoet for publio criticism, and highly deserves consuro. Contemptible indeed is the indi vidual who rests his claim to rcBpcct, consideration, and distinction in tho midBt of his follow men only upon loatbosomo ' pride, tho novcr failing vice of fools,' and which ? ' Is like tbo passing flower, That springs to fall, aud blossoms but to die.' 