A I/I VING ENOCH AHDEN. A resident of St. Louis writes to The Democrat of that city a singular story of tho cattle of Chickn mauga. It. was suggested by witnessing tho play of Enoch Ardon. Ho says : A sergeant in my regiment was woundodatChicka mauga, and was reported dead. Ho was seen to full in tho heat of tho engagement, and- our lines being pushed back, tho body was not recovorod until next day.! When tho poor follow was found ho was so mutilated by being trampled on by tho cavalry that his face could not be recognized. A comrade, ho wo vor,, found in his breast pocket a raininturo .of his wife and. sent it to her with an account of his death. It turned out thnt tho body wns not that of Tom C-, but a sergeant of another company. Tom, desperately wounded, fell into tho hands of tho enomy and was sont to Andorsonvülo, whoro tho Rebol surgeon cut of ono of his arms and. ono of his legs,'and, 1 in spite of his bad faro, ho recovered in duo time. ? I rievor know why they kept Tom eo long in prison, except it was for tho pur- pose: of exchanging him for a sound man. When poor Tom returned to his home in Pennsyl- vania nobody in the villogo know him. His wno had removed to Illinois with her parents more than a year previously. Without making himself known to any of his old acquaintances in tho villago, Tom started, for Illinois to hunt for his wife. When he arrived in the neighbourhood whoro she was living, ho learned that she was marriod to an old friend of his, who hod followed her from Pennsylvania. His first impulse was to mnke himself known to her, nnd claim her ns his own ; but whon ho saw tho snug cabin in which she was living, and heard how kindly she was treated by her husband, ho changed his mind. " Supposo I go and claim her," ho said to himself, " how can I Bupport her P What can I do for her, with only ono arm and one log, and a body weakened by months of Bullering at Andorsonvillo P No ; she is happy and contented, and thinks mo dead, andi willnot destroy her happincssnndbecomea burdon to her." Tom acted upon this resolution, and worked his wny to Now York, where ho sot up a small business as a korb-stono merchant, selling nuts and cakes, and soda wator, and gotting along prosperously. Ho soon mado inonoy enough to buy an artificial leg, and aftor a while got a patent arm made, and lo see him walking along tho street, you would not supposo that ho wns but little moro than half a man. Ho was a good busi- ness man, arid in tho courso of a year enlnrgod his stock in trado, and opened a regular retail grocery. Ho mado money fast, and became a prosperous mer- chant, rospectod by all who know him. In his pros- perity ho never forgot his wifo, and always cherished a hope that Bhô would bo restored to him. Ho waa a rogular'subsoribor to tho villago paper published at tho town noar which his wifo. lived, and road it with great interest. One day ho saw in this paper the announcement of tho death of thc man who had married his wife. Ho lost no timo in starting for Illinios. Ho found his wifo in deep mourning for her lato husband, and sho had added another infan- tile link to tho family circle. Tom mado himself known to her, and was rejoiced to find that she still loved him as fondly as over. It was some time hoforo ho could convinco her that ho was not a ghost roturned from tho othor world. In order to mako things sura tho parson was called in, and Tom and his wifo wore married ovor again. They wont to Now York, whoro thoy aro still living in a brown-atono front, as happy a couple as you will find in Gotham. Of courso, they do not tell everybody about their family matters, hut you cnn roly upon this story as Btrictly true. Tho ending is rather bettor than that of Enoch Arden, and I think Adinna would do n good thing if ho would depart from tho version of Tonnyson, and in tho last net got Pliih'p Hayi ground up in his own mill-accidentally, of course-mako poor Enoch atop in and onjoy tho wife and ; tho fortuno loft behind; " What about tho S" ictúro of Tom's wifo, found in tho pocket of tho cad soldierP" "Oh, I forgot about that. Tom says Uiat when ho was wounded and loft upon tho field, n Btrngglor como along, and ho stopped him. Supposing ho would hlcod to death, ho gavo tho picturo to tho strngglor, with n message for his wife. Tho robol cavalry made a chargo soon aftor, and killed tho straggler, with tho picture of Tom's wife iii his bosom, and carried Tom off to Andorsonvillo. That accounts for tho picturo hoing found, and oausing cvoryhody to heliovo that Tom was killed." j 