Country News, by Mail. IPSWICH. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, IPSWICH. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) If a stranger had visited Ipswich for the first time on Tuesday, he would, undoubtedly, have felt that it was the most lively town in Queens-<*> land. There was in the aspect of the nothing aspect town itself to account for it; no display of bunting or triumphal arches to indicate that anything extraordinary was about to take place; nevertheless, it was evident that the people were on the gui vive. What could the crowds, who were flocking in from all sides, be coming to sec?—dressed in holiday clothes too, and in groups too numerous to be bent on mere busi cess. As we entered the town, about half-past 3, and passed up Brisbane-street, we found Messrs. Cribb ana Foote's stores closed for the day, and the Volunteers mustering in strong force. Of course we knew what was the moving principle in all<4his preparation, and accordingly wended our way to the ground upon which the new Congregational church is to be erected. Here there was a considerable gathering, al though the sun was intensely hot, and the ceremony of the day was still looming in the distance; and a long hour's distance it turned out to be. A triangle of scaffold poles, dressed in a green suit, was the only external demonstration ; the usual Union Jack did not put in an appearance upon this occasion, but under the triangle was suspended the object of the day, and if the stone had been a living reality, it must have blushed on account of the many curious glances which flashed upon it. However, it rested very calmly in its solid dignity, waiting the command, "descend, and hold in your ponderous bosom the treasures which will be committed to you to keep." Looking upon a foundation stone under the blaze of a summer day in Queensland, however, is rather tedious work, so we adjourned to the old church, which, after the American plan, had been put upon wheels, and bodily moved away from the spot where it had rested for fiftem years, to the back of tbe church premises, whawtt is yet to do duty as the place of worship * for- the congregation until the new church is erected, and, after that, as a schoolroom for the Sunday scholars. Here we found a perfect feast of water- melons, which had been provided, so it was stated, "for the children;*' but, if so, many of the children who partook of them were certainly older than those who figure in our National and Sunday schools. "Hallo, there is the band," and into the street we again proceeded to meet the Volun teers, " ready-, aye ready," in full march, giving us an indication of the approach of His Excel lency; so np to TattersalTs we hastened, and arrived in time to witness the procesbion of the Oddfellows, with an odd fellow at their head, who was blowing the bagpipes with all hia might, exciting the fear lest he should exhaust all the wind in his own chest, and become a patriotic martyr to the ceremony of the day. The turn out of the society was very creditable, and as tbey formed themselves in a line on either side of the road, with their banners and regalia, the scene was very interesting. Through this line His Excellenoy passed amid the most vociferous cheers, and on alighting from the carria. c, in whioh he had come from Mr. Bell's residence, he was received by the several Congregational ministers, who were assembled to meet him. After a very short interval, the procession was formed. On arriving at the ground the National Anthem was played, the Oddfellows formed in line, and His Excellency at once passed to the place appointed. An immense crowd was gathered here, and now the fact became evident that sufficient accommodation had not been provided. Probably the laying of foundation stones is not an every day occur rence in Queensland, but if the hint is worth anything, and it is, we would decidedly recom mend on all future occasions that a barrier of thirty feet in diameter, making a circle of at least ninety feet, should in all suoh cases be prepared. More people would see and hear, and much crushing could be avoided. As it was, with the intense heat, and the very limited space, the ceremony was muoh marred. However, all pissed off agreeably on the whole. The Bey. Mr. Mossop gave out a hymn, and the Bey. E. Griffith offered a suitable prayer, then Mr. Mossop, holding in his hand a round leaden case, addressed the assembled crowd. He alluded in very suitable words to the great kindness whioh had led His Excel lency to honor this occasion with his presence and aid. He then briefly sketched the rise and history of the Congregational Church at Ipswich, spoke in feeling terms of the good men now in their graves, who had taken an interest in it, and very appropriately expressed a most fra ternal satisfaction that the Bey. E. Griffith, under whose pastorate the old building was erected, was present this day to take a part in the commencement of a new church. Handing His Excellency the trowel and mallet, he concluded his address by asking the Governor, in the name of the church, to lay the foundation stone. Is it neces sary to describe the spreading of the mortar, Ac. P No. Suffice it to say the stone descended quietly into its resting place, the Governor gave it its quietus with the mallet, and then declared it laid,;in the name of the Father, and of tbe Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Then followed the read ing of a very nice address by one of the officers of the Oddfellows, and it was really a very ex cellently worded document. Money was laid upon the stone, including a purse contributed by the Oddfellows, and the ceremony oonoluded with a host of cheers for almost everybody, at least there were enough for any who wished it to appropriate a corner of a cheer for himself. More music, more cheering, more congratula tions, and lots of excitement with the small boys, who were in astonishing force on the ground, and the throng dispersed. Dispersed, to meet again at tbe School of j Arts, where, at half past 6, there was another | monster gathering. Every one was thirsty, and i the prospect of a cup of tea was very cheering. How muoh was drank deponent cannot say of : his own knowledge, but the tax upon the tea pots must Lure been very heavy. Certainly the ; tables were well spread, every one had enough, ! and there were many fragments left. His Excel- | lenoy arrived about a quarter to 7, and remained ! throughout the evening. | At the meeting which succeeded the tea, there was some excellent music, some very ad- j mirable singing, and some very sensible talk. j After a very elaborate eh nt, sung by the choir j of St. Paul's Church, who kindly gave their , services upon the occasion, and who were ao- I companied upon tho harmonium by the talented | organist of tho same church, tho Rev. Mr. \ Savage offered prayer. Mr. Whitehead then j read a copy of the document which had been I deposited in the foundation stone, which was an ' epitome of the history of the Congregational ' Church in Ipswich, and also gave some par- ' ticulars about the financial position of the ' undertaking, by which it appeared that about \ £600 was yet required, in order that the church ! might be opened free from debt. Governor Blackall then rose, and in his usual \ pleasant and excellent method of address, kept I the audience in the most admirable state of en- I thußiasui as he reiterated the sentiments whioh j he has expressed upon other occasions else where, but in words exactly fitted to this par ticular occasion. Certaiuly there was not a ' dissentient voice in the shouts of approval which followed his well timed and judicious words. The Rev. Wm. Draper, of Goodua, then in an introductory address prepared tho way for the subject of the evening, by noting a few ideas, upon whioh he did not enlarge for want ' of time, upon the nature of the Church of ' Christ. i Tbe Rev. Mr. Warraker, of Toowoomba, fol- j lowed in a very stirring and admirable speech | upon the power of tho Church of Christ. He j dwelt much upon the tremendous power which, ; though apparently working in silence, yet was ! bursting the bands of tyranny and oppression | every were. He condemned mere external show j and noise, and, above all, conformity to the ! practice of the world, as damaging in an im- • mense degree to the spirituality of the Church ; and in very appropriate but strong language, he denounced the system of raising money for reli- { gious purposes by bazaars, drawings by lottery, and rallies. Tbe Rev. E. GsirriTH then spoke on the ' hums of the Church. The reverend gentleman 1 evidently felt very much the position which he ocoupied, as he reviewed the history of the past, in which he had taken so prominent a part. Many who were present he remembered as children in the Sabbath school, and many had gone to their rest. " How necessary was it," said he, " to recollect the claims which this particular church had upon them." These claims he then enforced in some very practical words, which, if remembered, will make the Congregational church at Ipswich one of the most successful in the colony. Then followed the Sev. S. Savage, of South Brisbane, who spoke upon the way in which the Church of Christ was to be supported. Of course money formed the basis of this support, but very tritely, Mr. Savage dwelt upon the' higher principle of individual effort. The old adage, " Let your light shine before men," was admirably illustrated by the description of a splendid drawing-room, with all its superb fur niture " covered up." But there was a little black poker in the fireplace, put there to do duty for the more splendid fire irons, which were also " covered up." The illustration was very beautiful, when the reverend gentlemen exhorted the Church to be like that little almost despised article to which he had alluded, rather than the mere ornamental, whose only utility appeared to consist in being carefully preserved, merely to be looked at. Then followed a host of compliments: Mr. James Foote, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. S. Fraser, of Brisbane, Mr. G. Thorn, Mr. M'Farlane, and another gentleman whose name I did not catch, severally addressed the meeting. The ladies were thanked, the music was eulogised, the Go vernor enthusiastically greeted on retiring from the chair, and, amidst the pealing of the national anthem, the people separated. Thus ended this very successful day, and as a pecuniary result it was announced that the proceeds would be upwards of £60. 