WPek ending Noauesber 26. In the Dalby paper we read : - More rain has fallen during the past winter and spring than has ever been known to fall in these districts before in the same time. The country looks well, grasse and water are abundant, and the gardens in and about the town give promise of large returns. The vines are especially well-looking, and will beloaded with grapes. Several of the farmers at Cumkillenbar, hearing of the success that has at tended the cultivation of cotton near Ipswich, have determined to give that crop another trial, but hither to they have been delayed planting the seed in conse quence of the unsettled state of the weather. The steamer City of Brisbano, on her last trip from Sydney to this port, brought another consign ment of nine pure Lincoln rams-a description of sheep hithertp almost, if not wholly, unknown to our colony. These sheep, we areinformed, woreimported into New South Wales by Mr. Lodger, of alpaca notoriety, and have been purchased by Mr. G. H. Davenport for his run on the Downs. Although somewhat smaller in carease than the improved Leicester, they are large-Tramed and very symmetrical. They produce fleeces of a closer and more silky texture than the Leicester, and it is said that in Canada, where they haove been well tried, the Lincolns amalgamate better with the merino ; and the progeny of this cross produces a more valuable fleece than that of a similar crosse with any other mutton-producing variety of sheep. A Rockhampton paper states :-A telegram from the Hon. the Colonial Secretary was received on Thursday by Mr. Wisoman, Police Magistrate, in timating that tlhe Government had determined to carry out the capital sentence passed upon Donald Ross for the' Springouro murder, and that the exn cution would take place in the gaol, Rockhampton, on Monday, the 2lst ihstant. On Thursday afternoon, Mr. Wiseman, accompanied by Dr. Salmond, visited the condemned man, and acquainted him with the decision of the Executive. He received the intimation very quietly, his countenanceo betraying no emotion beyond a slight quivering of the lip. We have received informaation during the week, says the Cloveland Bay paper, to the effect that the blacke are as bad as ever on the coast between this town and Cardwell. They bailed up the inmates. of the new telegraph station near Waterview, who were frightened to venture outside the buildings and, unless the Government establish a police camp ii the vicinity, we believe that it will be difficult for either telegraph operator or settler to live in the locality. A Government Gaoett e.traordisory, issued' on Tuesday, announces that the Hon. Gilbert bEliott, letS. Speaker of the Legislative Assembly- an'bfoe which be had held for eleven years, has been appointti a member of the Legislative Council. On Monday night (says the Gympie paper) a daring burglary was committed at a bonse on the prospector's claim, Monokland Reef, a lot o spoei enas, supposed to contain lO0oze. of gold, being stolen therefrom. Mr. Garvey, one of the ehaze holders, slept in the house: on the isame pight, only a thin partition oepar?iing his apartment..ia the room in which the epecimen bo: wasdep . Yesterday morning he discovered to lce snrpretj1u three of the side slabe or palings of the hb?ihshadbeb? removed, and he was not long in fintin .oei that the specimen.bozhad been opened. Thhburglarsappe to have gone to work in a manner well-knowtetotlhe Celes tials of the old Victorian diggings. Being ihe y well acquainted with the poition of the box' ity. took out three of the aide slabs ofthe honsa ime d holes into the box until an aperture w?i?nsde lit enough to enable them to abstract a large'gda " of the specimens. They did not take all thiog some twinge of eonscienece, or, more probably, the feIrbf being disturbed, but the crime has 'vert?b?i&eilo;'. firted heavy lose on the' owners. , The s.pecioy etolen were some of the beet ia thk box. A Warwick paper aik the, follqoinog -Tho theory upon which the oft-repeated psrpaheles were founded that the Darling Downs wphld ot aoIw a cabbage has been entirelyn.pet of ateyet ,and, ? isit to the farms and gardens in this astciot woald-be quite sufficient to. conyin?e the.oet- 'eptll of ;il e folly of such prdiWti e. Th he ark may,be almost made with regar to elseepin tisj ~itpi,,i , until lately, it wacttlt notiyu S ,erino"' woenltpaootlDai, owo ,e the other case, time hashpn f tly ,ipalt r an undeniable fact thai notonly hejt trodt of the Leicester shee proe , 3p profit both from wool sod, n eaeo, giteImp envuragement'and afto d pan ? r farmer to adopt a sy temgrgn ,tth... r ar. - cultural pnrusi. As lsotoiae norgoopwp wlth muoh esoees on all prt ,oftbo Diwps preo no distant perio4, tlat the ,ill:n tribute largely not oily bji the'Tinare a , their own genieal .wrleo. . o rit our odaty atall timeo,#d upouaipfet toattothg farmer any dielt hi y. uda our I.. o to 44or ouricepe e noiee, and me are ind? ?d.tlo~g onmt:~ eioee on(nprm informatid oneeied from agenwtl? eaiw b mheslee o tlae leat thr ngperets. ing k e Ig np th p ltbomei. ported Leioaberoheepnotwith tan~intheonaew.hi ave been freouently made by. peronwho o lhaw neither good feeling toirard4s?,ia, f the .colony. Mr. Wildah, of Canning Down., thB.gentleand we refer to, in reply to our ena3qrie hma w.ittun W pon the subjeot, and bayBs, -Withrew to yopr. qesion as to the result of, mylna , bred Leictierand menino sheep, I may state that they have been moet sneae, ful. The wool ia good, ouna, aod, nTel with lreat density and lustre, the average weight of tha Aleoed being 18 lb. 1 oz. in the. grease, fr B e. ios. of scoured wool from te.itwo-year old Aep; bthe flee of the yearlings areragie 9lbs,2oa. ?bean egrope or 5 lbs. 8oze. of soonred wool. The .,wppol Mealied last year lid. per lb. in. the geas, and lId. per lb. scoured. The animals ae well-ahaped, being both deep and broad, with cmUll bone; the hare a great ) tendency to fatten, are very quiet, and comn to maturity very early. As a eomepme utIeme havetio my two-year oldsheep, averaging in peight 8 be. eah, at 14s. after shearing ; yearlinge, aer?e weight 0 at 1s,'esaoh: and lambs, ten weke oldat ý10. neaso - Any farther information required I ehallat any time be glad to foumrnsh" Mr. Widash ~ pompanied t letter with samples of wooltof the ,halfbed,neewel as of the pure-bred Leioeeter, and it is intereeting 1, observe the difference of the icos. The. wool, thse pare-bred is long and of a bair-like subetaooe,i.wth ;A brightlustre. Thatof a half.breed i from ire blt ve inohes in length, but.is ner and bear'thet.yeof the; merino.. The samples.arenow laid on oaoflAc;ieblel and can be inspeoted bay any.one who takeAnoiuterest in sheep breeding. As instances ot,?what ,bho;been done in this repeot in the otherd plonies,we nnm*gt mention that last week A '.. i-glbert of -Waillmba • sold some half-bred Leioesrito.ther satT.&andewes; at 17. eachi and we have hoarA Another: tation in; Victoria, on whioh' there are 5)0 iohslf-broedttrnmra ing more profit to thepropri? ?rethran id hisoieandtr other etaton on which were 80,000 merinoe. I ouechi reaults are obtained in the "olooies, we mre no aweony; espeoially ikith meat .preserving establiobmentr-.jsst springing up aemongt .us, why they ehould inot bb. secured n this colony. ; : ._* .- _ i;'_ An instance of.fayoup.ble mining flutiitioi, fo,' the genleralaeoutaoy of which I 'o? vobei'says a writer in thF'aelutiee hsaaiaswfhointedopE;o omi this week. A large s ietdrpthe'.t?g; mine, at Walhalla, is just' inZ. , 3s y. thed Geelong mail steamer he would have d reeeseed that his shares were worth 'a5 eabi?'?the, a four weeks later, he pi4eb which might lisv een communicated to him as obtainable was £115 hd? difference to this holder in four wea~ki'ie 6oe?. lb. , with a dividend of £2,000. The mail' t newes'de iu London on Christmas Day,~andI 'd" ,t tbinktlres " wilt be matytetter English Clembrlmipxst tbs this whiech Irecord. RHmaXKaELY 8SonnswDuaDrt-4jsngthaeamnia". rous recent cases Of ,rmmortality eAud 4sesRctram.I stances affording little or no.warpngn ,eps remarkable one recorded in Tuesdap : -?i tesPe Oa, uBatprday' last, Mr. Thomas harein a fWiner w4tows and q much respected in Mudgee, was.. hinugm the,, Wesleyan Chapel, at edtone,. enlyerx..i pired. Death was so nastantaneou that, before .thei persons present could reaoh him .life w extinet. . A Hean DamNea sBUrT AT'Ltsfr The foilso ing noteworthy case is recorded:by lh'e Yrau CoiarF of Tuesday, in the report of a eobronep'e"ln9:.rs. Thomas Battey, sixty-eight yearsof sge'a emaser I trade, began three weeks ago adrinkin Lost, whleh' he kept up till Saturday last. 'After beak he 'ook to his bed, and never got up, excupt'toresal?the bottle. For the firstfour days aftderbeing attiebbra?he drank brandy, which his wife said she: wafoired to"' give him, as he was a very violent man, anid woula ' take her life if thwarted. Discontinuing brandy, he took to colonial wine, of which his wife swore thab he '~ drank at least a gallon every twenty-four hbors. ."1?'i Friday night he appeared toi have faltlen b'plej' but' was found to have died. The medical tedilm??y was . to the effect that death was caused byiltooh6l iton?'" and want of sufficient food during theiastthree wveks. SBNiTOB??L AMN-rrl -w. waie,the ifollowning spicy extract from the 8. . .erao'irepo rtof,.o • oeedings in the New South Wales Assepbly onthe 4th instant :-Mr. Garrett: The hio. pni aber is st.at ing an untruth, and he knows he is atatingan uontruth. -Mr. Buchanana: Mr. Speaker, Iano a going, to allow any ruffian to say that I am telling an untruth. (Cries of "Order," and "Chair.") I charauterisa that heon. member as a ruffian. (" Order.")-Mr. Speaker called the heon. member to order.-Mr. Buchanan: I have stated facts, and is a blackguard like this to come forward and say I Am telling an untruth P (Cries of "Order.") MISTxEN IDNTIT.---Our readers (says the orth. • eras drgus) may remember that some two months' since the body of a man was found floating in the river near the upper ferry. An inquest was held, and two persons identified the body as that of one Alexander Stewart-and as Alexander Stewart it was buried, and nothing more was heard of the affair until a few days back, when the boatman at the upper ferry was fairly frightened by seeing Alexander Stewart walking to wards the boat for the purpose of crossing the river. Not believing however in ghosts, and immediately comprehending there must be a mistake with regard to identity, he pulled Stewart across, who was not a little amused at the idea of his having been drowned and buried. Who could the poor fellow be who was found floating P We shall have to write on his tomb-. stone the same sort of melancholy epitaph as that which we once saw in St. Olive's church-yard, "Here lies Phillip Massenger, a stranger." We wonder how many thus perish in the wide Australies, who, if not without a "grave," and without being " uneotfled and unknelled," are still " unknown." _ --- Irswcen: Printed and published by the proprietors,' HUon Pan1'usox, J. Boewto SLBolHx, and. PaANcIS Kl NErs, at the Queenaland I5nes Ofioe, Ellenborugh-atrect. 