ST. HENRY THE MARTYR. (From, Sydney Punch.) MR. HENRT PARKES 13 the most unfortu nate man alivo. His whole career has been one of bitterness, persecution, and unmerited suffering1. He is ever lastingly appealing to our pity, and showing us his miseries. Can it be all true ? Is society-moral, commercial, and political-engaged in a continuous .conspiracy against a man of great ability,' of some public service, and, until recently, of high public position ? Is the world so horribly cruel, that it occasionally picks out some man, and by tacit and universal consent hunts him, runs him down, and flings him to the pack ? Mr. Punch thinks not. The world is a tolerably fair world; and in the main treats a man pretty ' much as he deserves. In a very recent 1 work, written by no less a person than one who is practically the private . secretary of the Queen, a capital story is told of one who knew the world very well. It is this. Lord : Melbourne was asked what his experience of mankind as a prime minister had taught him to think about men ? "Oh'! " said Lord Melbourne, " they are d-d good fellows in the main, deuced vain you know; you can never : get at the bottom of their : vanity, but capital fellows in all other respects." Mr. Parkes's melancholy experience would appear to be exactly the reverse. And yet Mr. Punch thinks Mr. Parkes has no fair ground of complaint. Mr. Parkes has been the hero or the victim of two stupen dous commercial failures. His friends . have been numerous, and have given '' the most pa,thetic evidence of their ; friendship. He has had enormous , sums of money from all kinds of ' sources. He has been constantly in the Legislature of the country, except when the country was paying hand somely to keep him ont of it. He has drawn; thousands of pounds from the public Treasury as Ambassador in London, as Chief Secretary here-and yet he has all along been persecuted. When, three years ago, he made some thumping statements at Kiama, which distracted the whole country, and from the effects of which we are even now suSoring, and when he was called upon to substantiate these stataments and failed, he complained of persecu tion, and howled for sympathy; but it was' the 1 country that should be : sympathised wifcli. Mr. Parkes, how ever, was successful enough to get' a "number of gentlemen, out of sympathy, to declare that black was white; to swear to a ghost.; to take their oath about the existence of half a regiment ' of special constables of which the , -Inspector-General of Police had never . heardv and which Mr. Parkes himself admitted never existed. There is no man in the world who has got so much 1 out'of the sympathy of mankind as Mr. "Parkes. He is no genius, and yet he gets gold out of the pockets from which a starving Chatterton or a dying Deniehy. would not get a copper. The Sydney Morning Herald-which, . as a wholly unsympathetic and exclusively commercial institution, .naturally hates irregular proceedings has got tired of Mr. Parkes, and this . day week gave its opinion of him ' pretty strongly, but fairly. We can understand its commercial managers ^looking on Mr. Parkes' list of creditors " and feeling amazed at the names. It would hardly be safe to expose any old man to the perilous fasoinatious of such a debtor. Money-making Scotch men, without a particle of enthusiasm .for Mr, Parkes' poetry or principles, bled , as freely as Uhlans or Turcos. ? Old country-gentlemen cut the golden fleeces' from their sheepa* backs; and sent them in bales to Parkes. Distriot Court Judges, of doubtful tenure of :i office, sent down their contributions. No wonder the Herald, felt alarmed; _Let this kind of thing go on, and who is left to support the Herald ? And so ; the'gallant old paper dashes to the front, and compels Mr. Parkes to unveil himself. He does, and again he invokes popular sympathy ; and again he will possibly be returned for Kiama ; and again he will sit, and flourish, and sustain the same horrible persecution to which he has been so subjected. Sicut erat in prinaipio et nunc etc. PABTKG WOBDS.-Adieu Kiama. 