THE COLLECTIVE WISDOM OF NEW SOUTH WALES. VI. ."I see a stranger in the House." \- Newspaper report. MY old grammatical friend, the. Roads Bill, was recommitted on Tuesday last, for the purpose of having amendments made in some few of the clauses. Amongst others was the 5th clause, to which I alluded in one of my former letters. It seems that, as I then suggested, the shade of that departed grammarian, Lindley Murray, must have visited the nocturnal couch of the hon. Secretary for Lands, and as the ghosts which haunted the sleeping hours of the third Richard - vide Shakespeare - upbraided him with their several and respective murders, so must the spectre of the venerable scholiast have accused the hon. Minister of being a particeps criminis in a syn- tactic murder. I can hardly conceive it to be possible that the hon. gentleman could have read my remarks, for he takes a great deal of trouble to let people know that he never reads the papers, and thus I am forced to a belief in the ghostly visitation, the possibility of, which I prophesied a fortnight back. The portion of the clause to which I referred, as agreed upon in committee, ran thus - "and a written notice to be served personally upon or at the residence of any such owner or occupant, or where [they are not] known by affixing such notice, &c.;" The words which I have marked in brackets were, on the motion of Mr. Forster, ordered to be omitted, and the words " the same shall not be " were inserted in their place, the hon, gentleman at the same time taking care to inform the House that he offered the amendment in order to cure a grammatical error which had occurred in an amendment moved by Mr. Stephen, On Wednesday night, Mr. Buchanan got the ear of the House in the most unmistakable, though not, perhaps, in the most desirable manner. He took the House by storm by moving its adjournment in order to enter into all the cir- cumstances of the Orphan School assault case, and, in a comparatively short address, managed to say so many things offensive to a certain sec- tion of the House, that he raised a perfect storm of reproof about his ears. Mr. Jennings admin- istered the choicest rebuke to the hon. member by telling him what perhaps he knew before, but had never applied to his own case, that " Fools rush in where angels fear to tread." But it was at the close of the debate, when he came to reply to what had gone before, that Mr. Buchanan carne out in his might, and burst forth into the full flower of abusive rhetoric, winding up by denouncing the Pope, as a " miserable old blasphemer." On hearing this there was one general cry of disapproval from all parts of the House, and it is. but justice to hon, members to say that not one of them attempted to palliate the hon, gentleman's expression. Mr. Speaker, who, when appealed to, declared that the expres- sion was not out of order, could not help adding that it was hardly in good taste. The defence of Mr. Buchanan was, that he regarded the Pope as a blasphemer because that ecclesiastic had declared himself to be stronger than Heaven, "and," he added, "if Garibaldi had only twenty thousand men at his back, he would soon show the Pope whether he was stronger than heaven or not." Mr. Buchanan certainly succeeded to the very top of his bent in making an impression ; and as his object is to make a sensation, in order to save himself from the political oblivion which threatens, he certainly on the present occasion attained that object in the most distinguished manner. On the discussion of Mr. Parkes's motion for having the Inspector-General'of Police examined at the bar of the House, on the subject of the proposed police reductions, Mr. Wilson denounced these changes, which had been brought about by Mr. Robertson, as most injurious to the country, and accused the late Premier of going at the police "with his head down, like a bull at a china shop, not seeing, and not caring for, any damage he might do." This brought up Mr. Robertson, in the full might of indignation. He defended liimself with his usual vigour, and after his accustomed style he declared that he knew more about the police than any man in the country - that he knew more about horses than any man in the country - that he knew more about hay and corn and horse fodder generally than any man in the country - and that he know more about everything than any man in the country. These broad assertions were of course regarded by the hon, gentleman as a complete answer to everything which had been said about him. Sir James Martin, in replying to this rhodomontade, commenced by saying : " One would think that we were sitting in a sort of Œcumenical Council, and that the hon. member for Sydney West was, like another very high functionary, endeavouring to force the House to recognise the doctrine of his infallibility." Mr, Robertson could not quietly stand a home thrust like that, and his interruptions were rather more frequent than the rides of the House, if enforced, would have permitted. Sir James concluded his speech by remarking that he should not have risen to address the House had it not been for the extensive self-laudation in which the hon. member for Sydney West had indulged. "That is the secret of your success in life !'' retorted Mr. Robertson. " I never did it in my life !" indignantly re- plied Sir James. "Oh!" exclaimed Mr. Robertson, "Why the main element of your success in life has been your bouncing and bullying." Sir James Martin did not think it worth while to retort, and there the matter ended. On Thursday night, Mr. Driver gave the Minis- try a bit of his mind, and, as it came from one of their strongest and stanchest supporters, it is worth mentioning as showing the feeling which now prevails in the House. Mr. Driver, after moving several reductions, or, to speak more correctly, alter opposing several proposals to in- crease salaries, told the House several times, that he did. not believe the Government were honest in their talk about retrenchment ; and at last, with more waimth than usual, he gave the Min- istry the following warning: It was not because we had any very great conlidcnce in our position that we voted for the financial proposal of the Treasurer ; but it was because we did not desire now to oust the Government. It was not because any large number of the members of this House had any belief in the financial ability of the Trea- surer, that we voted for his proposal, but it was because we did not wish to see a change of Go- vernment just at the present moment." I do not know how Ihe hon. Treasurer felt upon hearing this ; but the "' hear ! hears ! " which followed this statement of waning confidence must have told him and his colleagues, that more than one hon, member amongst their supporters endorsed Mr. Driver's remark. Mr. Jennings administered a very smart rebuke to Mr. Piddington on Thursday evening. The latter gentleman had alluded somewhat sneer- ingly to Mr. Jennings as " that stranger," and had made some caustic remarks about the price of wethers, and the admission of scab into the colony by way of Riverina. Said Mr. Jennings, "Have l (ravelled a thousand miles to take my seat in this House, to be now taunted with being a stranger? Have I come from the farthest end of Riverina to be told that I ought to go to Mel- bourne, for that it is to that colony I belong ? The hon. member is taking a curious course to ensure the connection between this colony and Riverina. As a member of an association formed expressly for the purpose of severing the connec- tion between New South Wales and Riverina, I deemed it best, before taking decisive steps, to try what could be done by my presence in the House, and to endeavour to obtain justice for the part of the colony I represent. And now that I have reached here, I am taunted with being a stranger. Then, again, what has the hon. member got to do with my wethers? Suppose I got two pounds a head for them seven years ago, has that anything to do with the question before the House? I only hope the hon. member got an equally good price for his books, But I have not come all this distance ta listen to platitudes such as these. We are not on an equal footing for the exchange of absurdities. He has only to come from his store in the next street, and can afford to waste time. I have a week's journey to reach the House, and desire therefore to attend only to its business. And as regards the admission of scab, I can only say that none gave the late Secretary for Lands, Mr. Wilson, more assistance in passing his excellent Scab Bill than did the squatters of Riverina — though poor, we are determined at all hazards to keep clean." In the course of the discussion on one of the clauses of the Divorce Bill in committee on Friday night, Mr. Wilson affirmed that the pre- sumed inferiority of the female to the male was a "remnant of ancient barbarism." Mr. Garrett, with a melancholy shake of the head, and of course speaking for himself, very sagely observed : " Yes ; we are all reliques of barbarism." And then, overcome by the profoundness of the thoughts engendered by the remark, he lapsed into dreamy silence. 