PARLIAMENTARY SKETnm It was thought that Messrs , Higinhotham had said all that there waste say for and against immigration. It ;a however, that thov said eitl, t i ar> too httlo, for tlio revival of tho subject 1« night in the House by Mr. Vale led to exhaustive debate which lasted for several hours. Hon. members had crammed wefi for tho occasion, and thoro was on amount of statistical information afforded, showing th evils of immigration on the ono hand aud ite blessings on tho other, that was trulv h wiUering. Mr. Yale advanced some ve, v sufficient reasons why a largo population shouli not bo introduced at tho present time at tho expense of the State, and some vorv poor ones to prove that immigration was under all circumstances, an unmitigated mis' fortune to a country. The UnitLl SCT" received tho pat bulk of the superabnaiW population of tho old world, and in New York there was probably more destitution and crime than m any city in the workL Mr. Vale sees m the immigration regulations (the same, by the way, as those ho vere vigorously administered when ho wis Minister) simply a design to flood tho colon? uith cheap labor, and the female out. casts of the mother country. He regards tho farmers as a thoroughly selfish lot whn want to got assistance in harvest time at anything they chooBo to pay for it, and th» mining community as very little better anfi by a most ingenious process ho attempted te prove that as Canada showed within a given period an increase of 3 percent, by immi gration m proportion to its population and wo show somowhero about tho sarno' tW wo must bo advancing at the same rate and that even then tho pace is a trifle too' fast Though Mr. Vale claims constant v to bo <1. politician, and did so last night very oaten tatiously, no ono unacquainted with his careet and hearing him would bolievo that ho had chosen it as a profession. His pnlnit stylo of oratory, barring tho adjectives and more particularly the tono in which lie de livers himself, betray every indication of having graduated for tho church Mr Mackay mado far better spoc-ehes when he was a private member than ho does now as a Minister. His effort last night was by far tho weakest that ho has made in the House Ho challenged the hon. member for Brigh' ton, however, to provo that there was anv" thing iu the regulations to indicate an intcn tion to flood tho colony with tho human rubbish ho had referred to. There was no desire to disturb the labor market of the colony, and so far from tho scheme tending to introduce bad characters into this country the same precautions wero taken ou that head as wero adopted by tho Government of which Mr. Higinhotham was himself a mem- ber. Mr. Maokay went out of his way to justify those regulations, in declaring that he did so as a free-trader, prepared to en dorse a froe-trado policy. Mr. Longmoro took advantage of tho admission to declare that "that would just suit Francis;" and tho hon. tho Treasurer, accepting the chal- lengc, repueu oy a mosu empliatic " Hear hear." Mr. Langton made a powerful speech iu support not only of the regulations, hutot an oxtensivo scheme of immigration. Ho twitted the hon. member for Brighton with his inconsistency. Was ho not, ho asked, a membor of an Administration that evaded tho Officials in Parliament Statute, aud sent a eolleaguo to England as Agont-Genoral particularly to promote immigration? The hon. member for Brighton, had told tho House that it would have been premature to protest against Government expenditure for immigration until tho act expired making it legal to devote money for that purpose. Surely tho hon. member would not tell them that when Mr. Yerdon was appointed Agent- General some eighteen mouths ago, tho Cabinet contemplated his recal as soon as tho act expired which provided tho means for promoting immigration. So far Mr. Langton was happy in his illustration, but he altogether for got his political mission when lie presently descanted on tho advantages of tho subdivision of labor in tho making of pins. It is not so very long ago that the Ron. member applied himself industriously to prove, both in Parliament and through a newspaper of which ho was the conductor, that wo could get on far better in a now country by importing every thing we wanted from Europo and America. Mr. Langton now admits that both on the grounds of duty and interest wo should relievo the mother country of her pauper population. And no ono objects if Mr. Langton will only show how ho proposes to employ that population when ho gets it here. The sentimentality which asks us to drop a tear for tho suffer ings of tho working classes at home, does not guarantee at the same time tho invest ment of capital in colonial industrial pursuits to keep up. i healthy domaud forlaborhero, and until tho class that Mr. Langton particularly lUpiUBCUfaB CAUiUlbS U. UlBpOSlblOIl 111 TrllB direction, .it will certainly not bo wise to practically smpathiso -with Mr. Langton's views in behalf of pauper immigration. Had Mr. Berry not been haunted by the ghost of tho immigration regulations of tho last Cabinet his reply to Mr. Langton would have been a telling ono. As it was ho pricked the hon. membor for West Mel bourne pretty severely on the pin point of his argument. Tlio hon. membor for Geelong declared that at the present time tho subsi dising of the overland route was virtually reducing tho cost of passage to and from Europo by that route to the wealthy classes. He would willingly see that system come to on end, and a subsidy of £60,000 or £70,000 a year given to tho Capo route, that thereby tho cost of passago to this colony might be reduced to thoso who desired to como out horo and settle. Ho challenged Mr. Langton to point out where at tho present time labor was wanted, and instanced the cose of some male immigrants sent recently to tho depot at Geelong, who could obtain no employment, and who wore put on tho waterworks in order that it might not be said that wo were sending for immi grants without having employment for them. It transpires, however, that of this vote for £75,000 for immigration purposes as much as £30,000 has already been expended. Hero, apparently, is a leaf taken out of our neighbour's book on tho elasticity ci financial operations. It waB for somothing vcrv miifili liim nvnrmrlinf? nnhlin IHOHCV without parliamentary authority that the Government of New South Wales recently got into cliffioultyjwith tlio Governor nnd Eail Granville. Tfc will be very awkward undir tho circumstances if tho Assembly should refuse to pass this £75,000 for immigration, but then it "will pass, so that speculation, like last night's speeches, will ho wasted in contemplating the consequencos of what is not going to nappen. Dr. Macartney has discovered a conspiracy on tho part of tho inspectors of pubic schools to force their views on tlio Govern ment in tho mattor of tho education vote. Sir James M'Culloch is not in the plot, hut ho will get if possiblo some papeis tint tho inspectors havo preparedj aud which (hey havo marked confidoutia , and lay them before tho House, , Two young ladies, named Mooney, havo Rnenrcd the eood offices of Mr. Duffy to state their case to Parliament. _ pegged out, it seems, at midnight _ u choice allotment, somewhere in Dalhonsie, a few hours boforo tho Land Aot camo into operation, and tlie .ungallant local officer, who iB supposed to decide such application , gavo tho land to somebody else, who baa circumvented tho industrious spinsters, ny drawing thoir pegs and putting in otfters. Mr. Maephorson takes one view of the case, and Mr. Duffy another ; and Mr. Maophei- son exhibits no inclination of giving way lu tho ladies. , Mr. Everard asked a question of the At torney-Geueral about the operation o£ ww TJorcroehs Statute ; but Mr. Everard ad- mittecf that ho was not prepared with all tho facts o£ tho oaso, and only just sufficient could bo hoard in tho gallory o£ Mr. Miohio's roply to iudicato that ho would look into tho ease as soon as tho matter was beforo hira. (Tho question is ono relating to paymont of rates, and is one of such importance that it is to ho hopod Mr. Michio will mako himself heard when he delivers an opinion. _____________________________________ Sir James M‘Culloch is not quite certain yet what part young Kelly took in the cap- ture of Power. The Chief Secretary does not put the matter precisely in these terms, but he told Mr. Harbison last night that when he was acquainted with all the circum- stances of the capture he would be prepared to say whether the officers who took Power into custody should receive a reward. _____________________________________ Mr. Duffy has givon notico to hsk whether tho Government will introduce a bill to pro vide for payment of members. Tho hon. niotubor for Dalhousie has probably heard it ramorod that tho Cabinet is not in favor of tho principle, and lio desires to givo tho Government an opportunity of putting itself right with tho public. Astute Mr. Duffy ! So wo aro to know who stopped tho works at tho Williamstown Graving Dock by putting a tempting bait beforo tho con tractors. Mr. M'Kcan didn't do it, and he is determined to lot the public know it, for ho has tabled a notice of motion for tho pro duction of all papers on tho subject. Potitions aro pouring in from oast, west, north and south in favor of a revision of tho ' liquor law. What will tho Government do with them ? Will Sir Jamos M'Culloeh, or Mr. Smith, givo way ? Something it is how certain will be dono this sossion to amend the law, anil it only roquiros that the agitation should bo well kept up out of doors, to force upon tho Houso tho consideration of the whole measure. 