THE SHADWKLLS OF RABY C^ttee LXHL— Sherlock's Storv. Hark Sbs.'.vc'l dismounted at the inn door, mute market-place o- ;vi V«iry, and inquired whether the ?near hut been tue. o : ! i»' la-wned that he had been in the town before nineo'cUd:, hiving mn appointment to keep with Thomas Foukes, of the Mills, and he had ?north- aftertnud visited the prison, and returned by t«n o'clock i5 Jttr. iCUipie 6UU Here : f 'No, sir. he -mat up the town a bit. He said he d ho leaving, may be, in twenty minutes, and his horse a at bis feed.' , .„ „, \- ' Did he say anything of a prisoner -who was ill T MkadShadweU; anxious to lighten his suspense. Snowing the bridle to the man, he walked quietly toward the narrow street in which standBthe gaol of Appleburv. At the corner he met Stour Temple. ' Oh !' said he stopping. ' Thanks for your note— I'm here in consequence. How is he T' ' He'll never speak more, the doctor says, answered Stour Temple with a shake of his head ; ' he has sunk into a lethargy and is dying.' Shad well sighed like a man who puts a load off, and looked down on the pavement for a little. ' Have von seen him more than once ? — I hope he (Shadwell looked pale and anxious as he raised his eyes to ask this question. „ ' Tea, he did ; and I was anxious to see you, answered the vicar in a low tone. ' ShaU we get into the room at the inn ? There is no use in your going on to the prison. He can neither hear nor speak— poor, unhappy man !' They turned and walked down the steep little street toward tha market-place. Mark, in a very low tone, said — ' I suppose he confessed everything ?' 'He told me a very odd story,' said the vicar; ' you shall hear all when we get in. Don't you think we had better wait— it's only a minute?' ' Certainly, asyou think so.' Mark felt very oddly; and in his suppressed agony of suspense, he looked with what carelessness he could assume up toward the sky, and across from one gable point to another among the quaint houses, as if in a sudden anxiety to read the weather. They had bow reached the inn door. There was no one in the small room with the bow-window looking across the unequally paved square. .... ' We can have this quietly —to ourselves?' asked the vicar. The waiter acquiesced ; and Stour Temple, shutting the door, drew near the window, where they eat down. ..... 'The wretched man was quite aware that he is dying— in fact, it was only because he thought death so near that he despaired of your coming in time, and told me the circumstances.' ' He confessed the murder, did he ?' asked Shad ?wdL 'No— that is, he did confess the moral gnilt,' began the vicar. . ' I don't understand,' said Shadwell, growing paler. ' Well, Til explain ; HI tell from the beginning— you know it was not always easy to follow poor Sher lock's meaning.' 'No— there I agree -one must be a cabaust, or a rosicrucian, to guess at it — quite mad,' acquiesced Hark Shad well. 'Well, my translation efhis meaning is just this :— from the momenthe heard of Sir Roke Wycherly's visit, he had a foreboding of evil he could not account for.' '? Yes— yes— his dreams and demons,' isaid Mark. 'He told me — go on pray.' ' WeU, I know it is your wish that I should be quite frank. Of course there were foolish, or, as you say, mad things mixed up in what he said; and you'll for give me for telling you one of them, because it evidently accounts for part of what has happened.' ' Pray, tell me everything. I know— better than ever latelv— that he was quite out of bis mind ; I shan't be surprised at anything.' ' Weil, then, he did not say so distinctly, but there is no other way of accounting for his language ; in fact, he conveyed the admission that he had cherished a secret and absurd, but most passionate, ;i ttachuicnt to Miss Shadwell.' 'Oh !— Indeed !— Very flattering.' 'No one, of course, suspected anything so preposter ous, for he described it as a secret, as well as 1 could make out, between him and his violin, and his demon, and kept it close within his own heart. Then came a suspicion that Sir Roke Wycherly had come to Raby to pay his addresses to your daughter. ' That is strange !' said Mark, quickly, '' for poor fioke had taken a violent fancy, and had, in fact, made up his mind to ask my daughter to marry him. I can't say, of course, that so young a girl, and one so entirely out of all merely worldly influences' would have dreamed of it ; but, I may tell you now, ho talked to me in a way that could not admit of a doubt as to bis intentions. All that was laid in the dust with poor Roke himself, and what you say. throws quite a new light on the motive.' 'Yes, there was jealousy ; but he says that, quite apartfrom that, there was another influence prompting him to that crime.' That's pretty plain,' said Mark, with a grim shrug , 'He told me it was an impulse which he found it eventually impossible to resist. He was so persuaded that he was drifting toward that dreadful crime, that he told yon and Sirs. Shadwell that be must leave Raby, but not until after he had actually attempted to enter Sir Rokc's room at night, with the distinct purpose of taking away his life.' ' Lamentable that he should not have told us his reason for urging his departure. It was my insisting on his postponing it, then, that caused this miserable affair — but who could have fancied anything so per verted aud dreadful ?' said Mark, who was looking more and more miserable as their conversation pro ceeded. ' On the night of the murder ho had resolved to confine himself strictly to his room, until tlio early morning, when he meant to leave Raby. But bis strange temptation assailed him, and overcame him. J±e stole inrougn me passages auu came vo air ivoice b room, which he found open. He had in his hand the Malayan dagger which was found in Sir Koke's room. He entered, as he said, us noiselessly as a spirit — there -was light. Sir Roke was not in his bed ; he saw him, as he fancied, dozing in his chair. He said as he approached, the resolution to put him to death grew more inflexible. He described himself as all the time freezing with a kind of horror at his meditated act. On reaching the chair he found that Sir Roke was already dead, and weltering in his blood, as we found him.' Shadwell, as this narration proceeded, had risen ;and standing with his Bhoulder to the window- frame, was staring down on Stour Temple almost as one might have fancied Camel Sherlock looking down on the dead face of the baionet. When Stour Temple looked up, he was shocked. Was it [Mark Sha,dweUor & ghost ? That old face— frown- ing, trying to smile, with the eyes of a detective. His doubtful glance awakened something in Temple's startled countenance that recalled Mark Shadwell, and be laughed suddenly. ' A cock-and-bull story, eh ? — rather ?' he Baid. ?' The fellow's madder than I had an idea, and also, more cunning. You don't quite believe all that — do you?' ' I hardly know what to believe,' said Temple j '' I have not had time to think it over yet. I only know that odd as his language was, and odder stall his mystic ramblings, the story was perfectly consistent. He said that he remembered dropping the knife from his hand, and concluded that he must have picked up the dagger with which the murder had actually been committed, bymistake. He fancied that it was his own, and thought he had effectually concealed it afterward in the stable-yard.,' 'Yes, it's all a muddle ; I wonder you had patiencs to listen to him. The man's dreaming— always mad, . _. ? » _ _ x- ? M ? S3 »r ? i_ ana now m n level, bulu uiutk. 'Very .weak, it is true; but be appeared to me as collected as I remember he appeared to mo at any time.' 'Not saying very much though,' ' ThiB, however, is no matter of theory or imagination. There, I grant you, he was always wild enough ; but one simply of recollection, as you shall hear. He said that as lie approached the door some one went hurriedly out. He saw the shadow on the wall, after the figure quickly turned the corner of the gallery. lie fancied, 1 can't say why, that it might be Sir Roke himself, in his dressing-gown, and followed quickly; and he distinctly Baw that it was Miss Marlyn. He knew that she was awake and up. She bad been, he says, at his own door not very long before. He thinks she had some quarrel with Sir Roke Wycberiy— ' ' Why, she did not know Sir Boko,' interrupted Mark. 'Oh! pardon me, I thought I had mentioned that. She did know him— he admired her when she was at that school, in France, t thought, in fact, I had mentioned— but, on second thoughts, I believe I did not— the unpleasant rumours affecting, him, which I did mention to Sir Roke himself.' Mark looked down ; the contents of Miss Marlyn'a desk had apprised him of this discreditable acquaint ance—a scandal now condoned. He had not been aware before, however, that it was known to Stour Temple, and this discovery was embarrassing. ' What can I know of Bliss Marijrrs acquaintance before she came to Raby, except what you told me, of which you seemed not to be very certain yourself, and ?what the principal of the school herself disclosed. There was nothing about Roke Wycherly there. There was absolutely nothing but what might be eaid, by a spiteful old woman, of any good-looking girl who had tne misfortune to reside under authority. Nothing but malice could account for Sberlock'sttalking such stuff, if we did not both know that he is crazy.' 'Well, I can't quite agree with you. An acquaint ance there certainly was ; and, it would seem, an understanding, at one time at least ; and Carmd Sher lock is quite distinct upon one point, and that is that pbe was the person who he believes came out of Sir Roke's room He has not the slightest doubt that she tu the pers whom he saw in the gallery. She was walking very quickly, and he could not hear her tread,' 'All very fine if poor Sherlock bad been m hu senses,'' said Mark. 'I always thought Carmel Sherlock a man of very acute observation and accurate memory,' said Stour. «' Yos, and one who saw visions, in a matter where his imagination was excited. I would not hang a dog on his evidence.' ' I'm merely submitting what Sherlock very posi tively stated ; I don't offer any remarks of my own; but he said, in distinct terms, tnat He naa no aouoi. the murder was committed by that parson— Miss Acnes Marlyn.' ' Why, uiy good God ! sir, you can't seriously mean anything so hideous and absurd ?' said Mark Shadwell, with a pale sneer, .11 'The meaning is not mine. I simply repeat what the dying man told me,' remarked the clergyman. ' Simply !' sneered Mark again. ' And you know it would be quite out of the ques tion my presuming to suppress it,' said the vicar. 'True churchman, Tempe,' muttered ShadweU, bitterly. 'Your true Christian loves punishment sacrifice, you know— and as one victim slips through our fingers, we try to lay hold on another. I don t think you ever liked that poor young woman much ! Stour Temple looked with an unconscious sternness for a moment, and Mark lowered his eyes before his surprised and searching gaze. lFOne would naturally feel an interest in her,' b«gan the vicar, who made it a rule never to be off endod with ' Well, I think so : an orphan girl, cast on the world so very young, without kindred and friends, I do think it rather appeals to — l aons s»y our vima****'*/ though I have read something somewhere, like ' think eth no evil'— but to our manliness and decency. I say, I think it appals one, even whispering such a charge, upon the evidence of a madman, against a crea ture so defenceless and inexperienced.' White and »Dgry looked Mark as he spoke, and as if he hated the vicar, who, in bis cold way, simply ' You see, I tell you all this as a magistrate. It does appear quite incredible ; but is there anything so mys terious and paradoxical as crime? What new and terrible ideas of human nature it gives us.' 'Oh! yes- philosophy and psychology— *U very fine ; but you will not got twelve men in a Christiau country to believe, on the evidence of a mad assassin, that a poor little good-natured governess overpowerea and Blew a baronet of six feet hieh, and without any assignable motive. Come, what do you seriously advise me to do with this notable piece of evidence? Had I better ask you to swear an information, and ask the Crown to take it up? Do you think the country would ever allow such a joke to die agaist you and me?' 'I care very little,' said the vicar, 'who laughs, provided I have acquitted myself of my duty. Differ ent men will value that dying declaration differently. I have a full note of it with me, and am ready to make aflidavit to its accuracy whenever I may be called 'Yes — yes— of course; I'm quite sure that Cftrmel Sherlock said every word you repeat ; but surely you must see thatto pretend wo bad a case for indicting Misa Marlyn— my good God! as much a lady, in all respects, as you and I are gentlemen— would be simply to utter a frantic libel. We don't believe it ; we can't believe it— you no more than L' V* nut steps 0.0 you mean t*u wwtu, iiaaovi vuv r«**i ABilence followed. ' ' Well, it is not easy, at a moment,' said Mark, with a change of manner; and he walked to the -window and looked out over the red blinds into the drowsy old market-place, across the jolty pavement, and to the picturesque gables, the tinted frontB and latticed win dows, that looked to him like an odd dream. And he added, returning, 'You would not iniud giving me that copy oF Sherlock's story ?' ' I'll make a fair copy, And you shall have it, said the vicar. ' Yes, that's what I mean ; thanks. I'll -M 'take an opinion on it— an able epinion— and we'll put our heads together. And, I suppose, we both consider it right to be perfectly silent on the subject until I shall have got professional advice to guide me ?' said Mark, looking hard at him. ' Certainly,' said the vicar, with a reassuring emphasis, '?I knew you'd agree with 'me,' Baid Mark. There was a pause, and then he said : '' I wonder how SUer 1OCK IS IlUw ; Ijefc us go uuu ecu. Sherlock was worse, and could not live through the night. He lay in an uneasy lethargy, moaning, mumbling half -sentences, turning feverishly, and nowhere and nohow finding ease— like a man dying in the fever of over-fatigue— too exhausted for sleep, too exhausted for consciousness. The doctor had looked in for the last time, while Mark aud the vicar were talking iu the inn parlour, and Carmel Sherlock, in a few hours more, was to die. In the night he would go— in the darkness which he had peopled with sights and voices, and pass through the throes and shades of chaos into the wonderful life of spirits ! So, drowning now in tothe, tho struggle, growing faint and fainter, would end surely in a few hours more, and he have sunk. Farewell the queer old room at Raby. the battered quartos, the desultory life, the enchanted Straduarius, the moonlit vigils, and that wild despairing love, that mingled with its music like a distant song and cry— all is hopeless jumble now, colours mingling, sonndB con fused; floating and moving away toward the final dark ness and silence. Markloitered on, from hour to hour, in the little town of Applebury. I think, so long as Carmel Sher lock lived, there was a feeling of suspense. It were something, if that were ended before he mounted his hoi Be. A few hours saw the short day out. The vicar's buisness in the neighbourhood was ended. They mounted their horses at the little iun- door together. A melancholy suuset, a wild blood-red glare faded into darkness, and a frosty starlight followed. The vicar and Mark rode away, side by side, in silence. I don't think a word was exchanged until they reached that point where the road to Raby diverges; and there they bid one another good-nigUt and pursued their soli tary routes uouiowuius. It was growing cold. Mark buttoned his wrapper closely across. One look over bis shoulder he took toward the distant town of Applebury, and with a heavy heart thought of the matchless fidelity of poor Carmel Sher lock dying there in prison. Then ho spurred home ward : and, as he looked before him into the darkness, treeB and hedges dimly gliding by, a different feeling succeeded ; for was there not a beautiful face at the end of this night ride that interested him, and madethe darkness romantic ? Next morning come news from Applebury. Car mel Sherlock was dead, and Mark Shadwell was both glad and sorry. The sense of relief, was disturbed, however, by the consciousness that Stour Temple had heard Sherlock's confession and was watching him. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 