THE GSCUAIENIOAL COUNCIL. The QSriimonical Council iv.is formally opened on December 8. By daybreak, iiotivillistiimling the wea ther being rainy, tho inner Atrium and Grand Nnvo of the Vatican Uitsiliea, Hie route of the procession, were thronged by tin immense concourse of spectators. At nine o'clock, amid the ringing of tho hells of ull tho ecclesiastical edifices in Rome and salvoes of artil lery from t he Castle of Sun Angela and Mount Avon- tine, the procession formed in the Upper Aitium of the A'ntieiiu, descended the Sculn Regia, and passed through the Lower Art turn into thu cathedral. Regu lar and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and (lie procession consisted of six iirulibishop- priuees, -I'.) cardinals, II patriarchs, 080 archbishops and bishops, 28 iihhnts, and 20 generals of religious orders. In all about. 8110 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was eur.ied into llui dihedral in the gest.atorinl chair. His holiness first, knelt somo timo before the Saeraiuont, uud the assembly then took their places iu the Council hull in seven rows. Alter muss hud buen chanted by Cardinal Palrizzi, the Archbishop of Iconium pto- nouiieed the inaugural discourse. Tho Popo, who ap peared to bu in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave his benediction, thu ceremony being curried out m exact accordance with tho State programme. Altur giving tho huuediution the Popo received tho homage of the members of llio council. Tho appointed prayers followed, and tho Popo ihreo times invoked thu aid of the Holy Ghost for tho council, a hymn to tho Holy Ghost boing sung by thu choristers. 'Tho prelates approved tho decree opening thu council, uud tho Te Denm folloivud, tho ceremony terminating ut half-past 2 o'clock in tho afternoon. In tlio sitting ot the Council on Doccmbor 9, tho 1'opc read to the members assembled a short homily, I iu which he said that it iiad given him grunt pleasure to inaugurate tho Council on tho appointed day, ami lo see thu bishops ussomblcd ut Rome in gruntur numbers than ovor. Tlioy bad eomo to loach all men tho voice of God, uud to judge with the Pope, under thu auspi ces of the Holy Spirit, on the errors of human seioneo. Never was it more necessary than in thu present day, since conspiracy and impiety were widespread and strongly organised, and hide themselves under tho mask of aspirations for liberty. There wns no cnuso for alarm. Tho Church was stronger than hoavon itself, and now was tlio timo to consider what remedies were efficacious against the present evils. The bishops should strivo with him to secure peueefuluoss iu tho monasteries, order in Ilia Church, and discipline among tho clergy. In conclusion, he invoked tlio Holy Spirit, tho Virgin, nnd tho holy angels. Tlio fut liors of tho Council hold their first gonoral congregation iu St. Peter's tlio sumo day. Tho death is announced of Cardinal Pontin. Tho Popo recoived GOO French subjects at tho Vuti- can on December 18. Aftor speaking witli sovoral in dividually, lie delivered un allocution in French, in which lie dwelt upon tho significance of tho approach ing Christmas festival, and said, "God, iu teaeiii g humility, declared priclo to bo tlio onomy of man and tlio author of revolution," His Holiness blessed tlio ussombly amid loud uppluuse. Tlio third general congregation of tho Council was held on Ducembor 20. Tlio oleolion of 14, out of 24, ecclesiastics who are lo compose tho committee on mutters of faith is notified. The principal mombors are tlio Archbishops of Cambrav, Utroeht, l'oson, Abi lities, Baltimore, mid Westminster ; tho Bishops of Poiotiors, Jean, Sion, and Padcrborn ; the Primate ot Hungary, and Hie Armenian l'utriarcli. Tlio assembly bus elected twenty-four members as a committee on questions coiiueotod witli discipline. Tlio Apostolic Bull, " Sedis," datod the 12th of October, which out of consideration for tlio spirit of llio ago, reduces llio number of casos resorvod for occlcsiu6ticul censure, lias been promulgated. Tlio Popo, in reply lo an address of General Kanzlor, on Dccomour 27, oxpressed his conliduiico that llio Gtiuumoniciil Council would dissipato darkness, nnd give to tlio world peneo and prosperity. Ho refuted tlio nrguniouts of tlioso who maintain that (lie Popo should have no army bccauso Christ hud none. 