THE ROMAN COUNCIL. Opening .Ceremonial. — On the 8th December, the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, Pope Pio Nono was enabled to realise his magnificent idea. The Times correspondent tells us that the old man has aged sadly in twelve years. His face was large, and it is larger ; pale, and it is paler. But lie walks steadily, and his eyes look deter mination, Twelve years ago he seemed as if by continual blessing he had 'become benignant for ever ; but that mask is gone, and Pius IX. looks whatever he feels. No doubt, he has many a sore trial. At a certain hour the doors of St. Peter's were closed, so that all who did not come in time were excluded. The church was therefore by no means inconveniently crowded. A file of priests in then1 albs formed the first line, at some distance behind these was a line of Papal . Zouaves, and then the general public. The strains of the hymn, ' Veni, Creator Spiritus,' announced that the head of the procession entered the church, and the Pontifical Crucifix, preceded by the singers and the Pope's prelates in their appropriate robes, was seen in. the distance. Then followad the Abbots, Bishops, Archbishops, Patriarchs, and Cardinals, the Senator with the Conservators of Borne, the Vice-Chamberlain, and then the Pope himself, followed by the Generals of the Congregations and regular Orders, and the officials of the Council. The members of the Council walked in pairs, having on each side a clergyman, who may be regarded as their assessors or theologians. For the most part, the Bishops, &c;, were dressed in white watered silk with a gold fringe, but in some half-dozen cases the shade was varied by blue or pink, or an intermixture of different colours. It was in the case of the Eastern Bishops that the colour seemed to be varied. They presented the most various types. Some were men of commanding presence, tall, handsome, and prepossess ing. Others, on the contrary, were so diminutive that they could scarcely be recognised in the procession. Some knelt whilst the Pope was passing. The hymn, ' Veni, Creator Spiritus,' was sung at intervals during the procession. The first verse and the conclusion were omitted till the Pope came to the chief altar, on which the Sacrament was exposed. The same writer, who has evidently an eye for the picturesque, remarks — ' The sight was impressive to those prepared ' to be impressed, though it must have disappointed those who came to see a show. . . . Imagine all the figures in all the pictures of churches, countries, cities, villages, by all the Italian and all the Dutch artists, walking out of their frames, just as they are, and you have the crowd in which 1 have bcoii wandering to-day, like a mote in a sunbeam. I have lived to-day in company with Raphael, Titian, Paul Veronese, and also Teniers ; for I have never seen more beauti ful dresses, never more quaint, never more savage and uncouth.' The Pope's Allocution. — The Daily News correspondent gives the following translation of the Allocution which the Pope addressed to the Council. He understands that at some parts of it the Pontiff was moved even to tears. It is as follows : — ' Venerable Brethren — What we ask of God by many supplications and prayers — that we may be able to inaugurate the (Ecumenical Council appointed by us — this has been granted, to our great joy, by the remarkable and singular grace of God. Our heart, therefore, exults in the Lord, and is suffused with inconceivable consolation, because on this most auspicious anni versary of the Festival of Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary, Mother of God, you who have been called to participate in our solicitude have assembled in greater numbers than formerly in this citadel of the Catholic religion, and we throughly rejoice in your presence. Now, venerable brethren, you are assembled here in the name of Christ, that with us you may bear testimony to the Word of God and Jesus Christ, that you may teach the way of God in truth to all men with us, and that you may judge with us, under the guidance of the Holy Ghost, of the opposition of science, falsely so called. For if ever there was a time when zeal for the Divine glory and the salvation of the Lord's flock demanded of us to surround and defend Sion, it is now. For you see, venerable brethren,. with what violence the old enemy of the human race has attacked, and still attacks, the House of God. Under His guidance that wicked conspiracy of the impious is widely dif fused'. Strong in union, powerful in wealth, protected by institutions, and wearing the liberal veil of malice, and full of wickedness, it does not cease its most bitter war against the sacred Church of ' Christ. You know the nature of that war — its power, its arms, its progress, its councils. You have continually before your eyes the trouble and confusion, the grievous perversion of all right, the various arts of bold lying and corruption by which the wholesome bonds of justice, integrity, and authority are loosened, the worst passions are inflamed, the Christain faith rooted out from souls, so that the end of God's Church might well be feared now if it were possible for it to be destroyed by any machinations or endeavours of man. But. as ? St. John Chrysostom said, 'nothing is more powerful than the Church — the Church is stronger than Heaven ?itself.'' ' Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass.' What words ? ' Thou art Peter, and on this rock I shall build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.1 His Holiness, in conclusion, hopes for peace amongst nations, laws amongst barbarians, quiet in monasteries, order in the churches, and discipline amongst the clergy, as the result of the deliberations of the Council. Conscious of his own weakness, he invokes the presence and aid of the Holy Spirit, the prayers of the Mother of God, and of the angels and archangels, and the Prince of the Apostles, and all the saints.' Mode of Conducting Business. — Propositions proceed from the Pope or from nfembers ; those from members are referred to special committees appointed by the Pope. If approved by the committee and sanctioned by the Pope, they are submitted to the Council. The debates of the Council arc to be directed by five Cardinals appointed by the Pope. No vote by proxy will be admissible. _ All propositions voted are solemnly commented upon, voted once again, and proclaim ed- by the Pope in a public sifting, All other sittings will be secret, . No member or officer of Council is_ permitted to divulge anything, or to leave Eome during the session of the Council. The Times 'occasional correspondent' states that great dissensions had arisen among the Bishops on their learning the intention of the Pope to promulgate on the opening day a secretly- concocted Bull on the sub- '? ject of procedure, reducing the Council in effect to a mere machine dependent for its motion on the Papal mainspring. To the profound ; astonishment of the assembly, partisans of the proposed dogma of \; infallibility have been appointed to a regulative congregation specially \ nominated by the Pope. ? The Dogma. — Any tyro in ecclesiastical history is aware that : General Councils were not gathered together (as pur Art. XXI. \; expresses it) without commandment and will of Princes, and that ; there was in every instance a definite reason for the summons being ;: given. In this instance the Princes have been ignored. Subjects of : every kingdom upon earth are cited to appear, without leave asked J. of the reigning power, so that the head of the little Italian princi- I pality, with a ' mouth speaking great things,' assumes at the very \ outset a power that over-rides all temporal authority. The Council in this respect differs from the earlier ones of the series, and no less does it differ in [regard to the defmiteness of the object. The real motive is obvious, but it is not the ostensible one. The' present occu pant of the Chair of St. Peter is ambitious, and at the same time ; conscious that his temporal power is in the utmost danger. The whole kingdom of Italy is in open war -with the Papacy, and the whole Roman State in more or less open rebellion against it, ever since the accession of the present Pope ; and there is history to tell us that, without Pepin and Charlemagne, and Charles of Anjou and Charles V., and the Allies of 1814 (with England foremost), and Louis Philippe of 1831, and Louis Napoleon of 1848, and Napoleon III. of 1867, and without Swiss, Dutch, English, and Canadian Zouaves at the present day, Popery would have been for centimes, and would now be, stripped of its pomp and pageantry, and its throne would be laid in the dust. The famed Syllabus, of which the allocution is an echo, suggests science or liberalism as the enemy with which the wisdom of the Council has to grapple. There are many things in our . days of which the Pope does not quite approve. He does not like Bible Societies, nor a free press, nor Constitutional Government, nor Dr. Cumming. But how are any or all of the Pope's dislikes to be reduced to a proposition which can be affirmed in conclave, and announced to the world amid salvoes of artillery from the Castle of St. Angelo ? The affirmation of the Immaculate Conception would not meet the call. The Virgin had her deification some years ago. To ask the sanction of the Council for this would only throw doubt upon the papal authority by which it was promulgated. At length the Jesuits found out how to balance the egg. ' Deify yourself,' they in effect said to the perplexed Pope. '?' Let the Council proclaim the dogma of the Pope's personal infallibity.' Now this dogma in its political aspect is little more than a declaration of Papal spiritual abso hitism. Useful enough for the Roman Sovereign when his exchequer is low and his Zouaves feebly assisted by foreign bayonets, it is an awk ward weapon to use against the heads of Constitutional Governments who have amongst their subjects and in the ranks of their standing armies vast masses of individuals who divide their allegiance with the petty sovereign aforesaid. The peace of Europe is in no slight degree involved in this Jesuitical dogma; but what is infallibility in its logical and its theological aspect? In the former, it does not restrict itself to Pius IX. The ashes of 256 bishops of Eome await the issue of the discussion. The dogma is abstract and to be as positively asserted as a proposition of euclid* If in any right angled triangle the square of the hypothenuse is equal to the sum of the squares of the sides, the same is true of every right-angled triangle that can be drawn on' paper. Not Peter alone, not Pius alone, is infallible ; but every Borgia that ever ascended the Papal throne. Says the Times — 'The Pope, or his Jesuit advisers, have too far presumed on this self-denial of the Catholic intellect. They have thrown down a gauntlet which bold spirits have been ready to raise from the ground. Father Hyacinthe, 'Janus,' Professor Dollinger, Monseigneur Maret, the theologians of Fulda, Bonn, and Coblentz, have sounded the depths of Papal pretensions to their very sources ; all the hideous tissue of fraud out of which the Papal mantle was woven, all the blood with which it was dyed, have been laid bare before the world. That long tale of iniquity which histoiy treasured up in its store-rooms, which Jesuit hypocrisy denied, and the apathy of our age almost consented to forget and ignore, has been raked up with an evidence which the most stixbborn mind cannot resist ; it has been set down with a clearness of modern criticism which brings it within the comprehension of the most limited understanding. ' The Pope Infallible !' say you 1 What ! with all that long series of heretic, schismatic, simoniacal, adulterous, treacherous, and unbeliev ing Pontiffs ? ' The Pope Infallible !' What ! with the Copernican system on the Index, and the ' Syllabus ' as the beginning and end of modern civilisation ? We will not venture to say whether argu ments of the nature of those urged by - Janus ' or by Monseigneur Maret will be allowed a free utterance within the Vatican halls ; we do not know whether spoken opposition will be as easily disposed of by anathema as written objection. But of this we are sure, that there is no thickness of Vatican walls that can keep the light from the world if the Court of Rome will really allow that there should be light. Only let the dogma of Infallibility be discussed, and the world will be the gainer whatever the result may be. Nor will the world be the loser even if the question be shirked or the discussion quashed. The debate has been provoked. The subject has been wilfully and deliberately brought forward for inquiry, and it must be evident by whose desire or for whose interest it is if the inquiry is not allowed to proceed. The Jesuits have put their foot in it ; the Pope must bear the consequences. Well may the shrewd Antonelli declare with respect to the Loyola Brotherhood, 'Whatever they touch they are sure to bring to destruction.' ' The decla ration of personal infallibility almost makes one shudder, if we have been accustomed to regard the expression in Thessalonians, 'showing himself that he is God,' as applicable to a line of Popes. The assembly hall of the Pope is inscribed with large letters, 'Mogavi pro te ut non deficiat fides tua.' This is harmless enough, though significant. But the whole claim thus fixed on a person within men's eyes and the reach of their observation becomes a reduotio ad absivrdum. The ceremony must have been imposing no doubt, as through the huge congregation the Pope was carried to his throne, there to receive divine honours and the homage of Papal Christen dom. That these honours are divine, and such as belong to the living and glorified Head of the Church alone, seems scarcely to be ques tioned any longer. The Papal organs do not shrink to call the Pope the Son of God, and to say that when the Pope thinks it is God who thinks m Him. They apply to him the words, ' He is my God and I will glorify Him,' and in the well-known Latin hymn the word Pius has been substituted for the word Deus. Never before has Popish blasphemy been so open or gone so far. Opposition to the Dogma.— The chief oppositon to the Jesuits' scheme is not direct, but somewhat analogous to the moving of the previous question; and for proceeding to the next order of the day Bishop Dupanloup denounces the inopportuneness of bringing such a question before the world at this moment, or, as he might have added, at any moment. It is one of those subjects about which ' least said is soonest mended.' The vast bulk of Eoman Catholics look upon the dictum, ' The Pope is infallible' with the same feeling with which we accept the maxim ' The Queen can do no wrong.' It is, in both cases, a convenient myth ; but with this difference, that . we, politically, profess to accept the law at the Sovereign's hands because we are aware of oiu- power to discuss it with her responsible Ministers; while, religiously, the Eoman Catholics submit to the Pope's word as indisputable because they have long agreed that, in matters of faith, truth gains nothing by dispute, and safety lies in utter abnegation. Nothing can control the indomitable energy of Monseigneur Dupanloup. It is said that at home he is always fighting in some great cause. At one time he is the champion of classical education, and at another the assailant of M. Veuillot. Letters, pamphlets, pastorals, and books flow from his vigorous and trenchant pen in a ceaseless stream. And when he is not writing, he is forming party combinations to give practical effect to his policy. Before going to Rome he wrote a long letter vehemently protesting . against the attempt to proclaim the infallibility of the Pope, on the ground that such a decree would inflict serious injury on the Church. His enemies predicted that on reaching Eome he would be oowed j by the tremendous influence of the Papacy, and would, like a crowd : of other rebellious prelates, fall down at the Pontiff's feet, crying, 'Mea culpa! mea culjja! mea maxima eulpal' TheBishopof Orleans has signally disappointed that prophecy. Calmly taking up his residence at a villa, he has surrounded himself with secretaries, and become the leader of what in our English Parliamentary dialect would be called ' His Holiness's Opposition.' In print, he has snubbed Archbishop Manning, sneered at his pretensions to learning, hinted that the English prelate has written with the pen of a Jesuit, and, in the tone of. a patron, gives him much good advice. From morning until night the French Bishop is dictating letters, consulting with the members of his party, forming plans, framing resolutions, or rebuking the timid with that fire and that felicity of rhetoric which have won him a high place in the French Academy, as well as in the French pulpit. In Cardinal Schwarzenberg, Archbishop of Prague, M. Dupanloup has a powerful ally. Besides these there is a large number of French and German bishops, who, together with several from the United States, constitute a for midable and compact minority. These men are well posted up in the Papal history, and have so far tasted the benefit of free institutions and intellectual light as to recoil from a proposition so fraught with danger to liberty in every shape. ' The question which divides these contending parties is among the most important which can separate man from man. It is no less than the assertion on one side, and the denial or doubt on the other, of a living oracle, an incarnate repre sentative of God upon earth, in the persons of 256 prelates and princes, extending from the first century down to the present time. No theo logical question equally momentous divides any Protestant .Christians from each other. No gulf so wide on any matter so practical separates High Churchmen from Low Churchmen, or latitudinarian from form alist or Puritan. The Churches of Dalmatia, it is said, express their agreement with the Ultramontane dogma by their innocent persua sion that the Pope is constantly receiving letters direct from Heaven, brought thence by a dove flying to and from Eome for that purpose. French Peotestant Opinion. — The organ of the evangelical party in France, ISEsperancc, makes the following spirit-stirring comments : — ' This declaration, if established, will be worse' in its consequences to all Christendom than was the impious attempt in Old Testament days of Nebuchadnezzar in the plain of Dura, or the daring of Baal's prophets on Mount Carmel. Both those attempts to arraign God's dominion and establish their own found faithful' men to oppose them, three on the plain of Dura and only one on Carmel— but how effectual the prayer of that one, ?' that the. .people' .-may.' know!' that thou art the Lord God, and that thou hast turned their heart back again' (1 Kings xviii. 37). Prayer in that great crisis Svas Elijah's help, and prayer must be ours, for no argument we can .use will be of any avail against the Jesuit party at Borne, backed, as they are, by the immense preponderance of the Italian, bishops. Happily, to encourage us, some of the bishops have expressed their opposition. But what will the voice of a few be when7 the- question. is to be decided by vote ? by one well-prepared army of Jesuits,' and those who feel constrained, against their will, to do; their bidding. (The united prayers of all Christians jealous for God's glory is '.'our only resort, that He would be pleased to preserve so large a portion of the Christian world from receiving so deadly an error.' Sympathy of English Eitualists. — It is humiliating that the quondam Anglican Archdeacon, now Archbishop Manning, is entrusted by the Pope with the leadership on this fearful dogma. But what will be thought of the following manifestation of sympathy with these Ultramontane proceedings : — ' On the Feast of the Con ception SiYiM,, at tUQ early celetoticn of St, Albaa's, Holborn, the Eev. A. H. Stantoii, before going to the altar, came with the paten . and chalice in hand to the gates of the chancel, and desired the prayers of the congregation for the Holy Council that day- to assemble at Eome. At a great many other London churches a similar intention was announced.' Is the Roman Council CEcumenical? — Dr. Gumming has agreed that the title of the Council is a misnomer, and that it ought properly to be called Pan*Roman. The Eev. M. Hobart Seymotn1 has been at some pains to gather the religious statistics of the globe. The result of all his figures respecting Asia, Africa, America, and Oceanica (or the Islands of the Ocean), when added to those already given for Europe, will be the following total : — The Roman Churches ? 170,314,000 The Reformed Churches ? 104,541,000 Tho Greek, Armenian, &c; ? 81,568,000 Thus the total of Eoman Catholics is less by some fifteen millions than - the united numbers of those who reject her authority and deny her supremacy. She has fallen from her high boast, that all who pre sumed to differ from her presumed to differ from the majority of Christendom. It is the Church of . Eome that is in the minority of Christendom. And this is all the Jmore [marked from the fact that the Maronites, the Syrians, the Copts, and other professedly Christian Churches, have been omitted, from all the foregoing figures, from the difficulty of ascertaining their probable numbers. The Mackonochie Judgment. — This case has again been brought before the Judicial Committee, under the presidency of the Lord Chancellor (formerly Sir W. Page Wood), in consequence of the evasions by .which the notorious vicar of St. Alban's had attempted to set aside the' plain injunction of that tribunal. The affidavits contained allegations that he had not complied with the terms of the monitions served on him, inasmuch as he continued to elevate the ? cup and paten during the administration of the Holy Communion, to kneel or . prostrate himself before the consecrated elements during the prayer of consecration, and to use lighted candles on the commu nion table at times when not wanted for the purpose of giving light. The prayer of the promoter was that the monition might be enforced in such manner as to their Lordships might seem meet, and that right and justice might be effectually done and administered. The Eitualists had hoped much from the fact of the Lord Chancellor being a High Churchman, though Of the old school. They were doomed to disappointment, however, for the judgment of the com mittee, while it commended Mr. M. because he had done wisely, did not think it necessary to do more in marking their disapprobation of the course pursued than to direct Mr. Mackonochie to pay the costs of the present proceedings. What this wise trickery was may be gathered not only from the indignant comments of the Times., but from the following able remarks of the JEcJio : — ' Up to December in last year, Mr. Mackonochie was accustomed to elevate the cup and paten at the communion above his head. He was forbidden to do this. Accordingly, ever since he has elevated them exactly to the level of his head ! Secondly, he was forbidden to light candles on the communion table during the celebration of the sacrament. So he placed them, as he tells us himself, ' on a shelf which appeared to form part of the communion table, but did not actually form a part of it,' and before the communion was celebrated the lights in his candelabra were extinguished, and the two lights which were left ' appeared to be on the altar, but were not on the altar ! ' To each of these replies the Lord Chancellor granted to the defendant that he had kept within the letter of the law, ' whatever one may feel,' he added, ' as to the conduct of the respondent in reference to the spirit of the monition.' ' On this matter of the lights, a Eitualistic corres pondent of the Cliureh Times, under the signature of ' Common Sense,' evidently treats Mr. Mackonochie as deficient hi that useful commodity. Hegsays, ' As regards the use of lights at Matins it is simply reductio ad ausnrdnm. We have always been taught that the altar lights were in lionorcm Saeramenti, but Mr. Mackonochie's use is a mere glorification of 'Dearly beloved brethren.'' Mr. Mackonochie: was forbidden to kneel during the celebration prayer. To meet this he hit upon a course in which were happily combined every element of disobedience, shuffling, and irreverent comedy. He did not stand upright, and he did not go down on both knees ; but he bent his knees in an attitude of which nobody could tell whether it. was kneeling or whether it was not. He assures us 'he did not kneel, though one knee might accidentally touch the ground ! ' 'Truly,': exclaims the same writer with honest indignation, 'this spectacle of a reverend gentleman, bundled up in long garments, with a glittering cross from his neck to his heels, posturing at the altar, so that nobody could tell whether he knelt or stood, must have been a spectacle fraught with high and noble instruction ! Truly, He who is only to be worshipped 'in spirit and in truth ' is worthily served with such antics and such — we cannot spare the words — mean arid dishonest frauds ! Truly the men and women of England have every encouragement to listen to the invitation of such pastors to come and open their hearts to them in confession, and obtain from them guidance in the crooked paths of life ! Who can be so well fitted to instruct children in their duties to their parents, and to promote open-heartedness, faith, and candour in the conjugal and all . other relations of life, as the men who understand so wonderfully well Jhow to evade the law and deceive their flocks even in the ^performance of the most solemn offices of religion?' ElTlTALiSTic Doctrine of the Lord's Supper. — It is important that bur readers; should know how far in a Eomoward direction the advanced Ritualists have proceeded in regard to their doctrine of the Real Presence. In a recent sermon preached by the Rev. Lord F. Godolphin Osbbrne, a relative of tho famed S. G. 0. of the Times, he said — ' They would contend to the death for the Ecal Objective Presence of our Lord on the altar ; and, as most of them knew, the teaching of this great truth was even at this time made the subject of a prosecution by an association which was false in name as it was dishonest in motive'. He referred to the belief of the Church Union in t2ie objective presence, msk said would, to Cvofl that they had keen left to teach it in the plain words of Him who first instituted the holy rite, and whose words made it what it is — ' This is my body ; this is my blood.' The chief reason brought against this belief was that it was Popish, as it was called ; and the ignorance and bigotry with regard to any opinions held by their Roman Catholic brethren, and which had been encouraged in all grades of life during the last three centuries, it was impossible to exaggerate. In the matter of the ' Real Presence ' they were, after all, at one -with their Roman Catholic brethren ; and it should be a source of joy to every Chris tian heart that it was one step towards that union in Christendom which they ought to pray for, and which God. in his own good time, would surely bring about. He alluded to the teaching of the Council of Trent on [the subject of Transubstantiation, observing that the teaching of the Ecal Objective Presence was the teaching of the Church, hut to admit it and to deny Transubstantiation was unreason able. The English Church Union defended the doctrine of the Real Objective Presence, and they would hold the Faith of their Fathers, living still in spite of dungeon, fire, and sword j and whilst so deter mined, they could not too soon open their eyes to the miserable fact that the great bugbear was all that which savoured of Rome. It was nothing but a cry against Popery, of which one-half who protested against it knew nothing whatever ; and they might rest assured, if they must not have what they required in the Church of England, they must go to the Church of Rome.' After this we are fully pre pared for the statement, taken from an English paper, that the Bishop of London has lately refused to ordain two candidates for Anglican orders because they believe in the Real Presence. The New Bishop of Exetek. — Dr. Temple, of Essays and Reviews notoriety, was consecrated in Westminster Abbey and St. Thomas (the unbelieving Apostle, as was sarcastically remarked). There was a large congregation. At 11 o'clock the procession' was to have entered the church from the Jerusalem Chamber ; but there was a long delay arising from the preliminary proceedings in the Chamber. Written protests against Dr. Temple's consecration had been sent in by the Bishops of Gloucester, Hereford, Lichfield, and Lincoln, and the Bishops of Bangor, Landaff, Peterborough, and Rochester had in a less formal manner signified their dissent from the proceedings. The consecrating prelates were the Bishops of London, St. David's, Worcester, and Ely. A short extract from Bishop Jackson's reply to the Bishop of Lincoln will suffice to explain the position held by this prelate, as acting for the Archbishop—' Much as I must regret the absence of some disclaimer on Dr. Temple's part, which would have taken many stumbling blocks out of the way of others and many difficulties from his own, I cannot at all admit that such absence of disclaimer will justify a refusal to act in accordance with the law of the Established Church to which you and I belong. Had Dr. Tem ple been presented to a boiioficn, instead of nominated and elected to a bishopric, there is, perhaps, no bisliop in England who would have refused to institute him ; certainly none who would have done so with any hope of being able to maintain his refusal against a writ of divplex qiierela or nuarc impedit. I cannot, therefore, understand how the Archbishop, or any of his suffragans who may be required to act for or with him, could jjbe justified in refusing to obey the Queen's mandate to consecrate a clergyman who has never been convicted, or even accused in any court, of heresy or false doctrine, or of any offence against morality or the laws ecclesiastic ; but who has been duly nominated to a bishopric, duly elected, and duly confirmed. These two cases appear strictly analogous ; while there is little in common between the consecration of a bishop and the ordi nation of a deacon, to which it has been compared. In ordination the law has left the bishop the sole judge of the fitness of a candi date who, as a layman, has. been exempt from ecclesiastical cogni sance. His court is the f onion conscienticej the inquiries he makes are mostly confidential ; the ? responsibility rests on him alone. Should he err, there is no great harm done to the person rejected, who, if there is no valid ground of disqualification, may -without difficulty obtain orders from another bishop. But a clergyman is, by his ordination, brought within the restriction, the surveillance, and the protection of the laws ecclesiastical. He incurs fresh obligations, but at the same time he acquires fresh rights. Charges against him as a clergyman must now'be dealt with, not according to the judgment of an individual bishop, nor indeed of the whole bench of bishops, nor by the vote of the majority of Convocation, but according to law and in due course of legal procedure. But Dr. Temple has not been condemned, nor even accused, in any ecclesias tical court, while he has been nominated, elected, and confirmed as the law requires. On what legal grounds can he be refused his right to be consecrated under the Royal mandate ?' Enthronisation op the Bishops op Winchester and Car lisle. — Bishop Wilberforcc has been enthroned at Winchester. There was little on that occasion to interest, save that a procession was formed of an almost oecumenical extent (some authorities say a ? ' quarter of a mile), and the upper end of the cathedral was filled with an array of white surplices, varied only by the black and red of the hoods. At Carlisle about 150 of the neighbouring clergy appeared in their gowns, besides whom a vast lay congregation filled the ancient edifice. The Bishop (Goodwin), in the course of a sermon on the text ' When I am weak then am I strong,' spoke out clearly on certain controverted topics. He viewed the text in three aspects : first, with regard to St. Paul ; secondly, with respect to the condition of the Church of England ; and thirdly, as applicable to himself. On his former head he was most striking and apposite. Drawing the picture of Paul the strong— strong in native talent, in acquired knowledge, in position, &c;, but weak in his own estimate of himself— nothing but the power of God could make him strong. . Regarding the Church of England, too, he set forth her, weakness and her strength most powerfully, proving that the former was chiefly internal— her division and errors— alluding to those who persisted in introducing ceremonies which the Reformed Church did not recog nise, and to -others avIio were wandering in the broad wastes of infidelity. The Bishop's application— the weakness and strength of a believer to himself— was, perhaps, the most striking part of his discourse, and could not fail to touch the hearts of the assembled clergy. Especially when referring to the difference of opinion which must prevail even within the accredited limits of the Church herself, he solemnly appealed to God that, so long as he had reason to believe that it was the object of a man's life and doctrine to preach Christ, to lift up Christ, and to lead sinners to Christ — his life being in accordance thereto — that man, that clergyman should receive from him all cordial sympathy and support, although on other points he might differ from him. The Archbishop of Canterbury.— Our readers will be glad to hear of the continued progress of the Archbishop of Canterbury towards convalescence. It appears that the medical attendants had a confident hope of His Grace's recovery, so as to be able to resume the most important functions of his high office. He was already able to walk with the aid of a stick, and several favourable symptoms had appeared. The Ritual Commission. — The Commissioners were unable to carry out the wish of the Archbishop of Canterbury to report before Christmas. It was, however, resolved that there should be two more meetings before Parliament assembled. The first meeting was to endorse the Lectionary Report of the sub-committee, which had been in printed circulation for nearly six months. The second meeting was to proceed with the consideration of Mr. Walpole's general report, which was understood to be opposed to the views of the extreme ultra-Church party. University Tests. — Certain party combinations have been formed both in Oxford and Cambridge to secure the abolition of religious tests, and Mr. Gladstone, who is not unfavourable to such a change, has been memorialised on the subject. The movers are men of known proclivities. It is sufficient to mention the name of Pro fessor Juvett in Oxford, and Professor Fawcett in Cambridge, as well as that of the Rev. W. G. Clark, public orator. This gentleman, who is also Vice-Master of Trinity, has honestly signified to the Bishop of Ely his desire to surrender holy orders, in consequence of his inability to use certain of our formularies, e.g., the declaration, ' God spake these words,' &c;, as introductory to the Commandments. A counter agitation has been commenced under Mr. Perowni of Corpus to adopt the following petition :— ' That the abolition of religious tests in the University and colleges, either by a permissive enactment of the Legislature or by an Act of Parliament superseding the provisions of existing statutes, will, in our opinion, seriously imperil the Christian character of the said University and colleges, and their efficiency as places of religious education. 2. That we earnestly deprecate any legislation by which the goverment and teaching of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or of the col leges in the same, may be transferred altogether or in part into the hands of persons who arc not members of the Established Church. The Rev. J. C. Ryle.— We do not know of any one in the ranks ?; of our clergy who writes more forcibly than Mr. Ryle. Without any ; official position as dean or archdeacon, as professor or principal, he is ; better able than most men to enforce attention to his utterances. He .; is now giving to the world seven startling letters on Church reform. ,; His ideas on the introduction of the laity into the government of the y church have been anticipated in this diocese, and we may therefore ; expect that the following extract will not be without special interest : — ' I suggest that no conclave or synod of Anglican bishops ought ever to be held without the presence and assistance of the laity. Let , every bishop who attends such a conclave bring with him one rntelli gent layman from his diocese, who understands Church questions, i and can say how they look from a layman's point of view. The late famous Lambeth Conference would never have been so sneered at and so lio-htlv esteemed if it had been composed of an equal number of Anglican laymen and Anglican bishops. That most unsatisfactory document, commonly called the Lambeth Pastoral, which made no mention of the Protestant Reformation, and in touching Romish errors entirely passed over the blasphemous sacrifice of the Mass, would never have been what it was if it had passed under the eyes of sensible laymen. Even the gatherings of English bishops which are said to take place annually at Lambeth Palace in order to talk over Church matters would become a hundred times more valuable if the laity were properly represented at them. If twenty-six wise lay Churchmen had annually met the twenty-six bishops at Lambeth Palace for the last twenty-six years, I am certain that the wretched Ritualistic controversy would never have drifted into its present position, or assumed its present proportions. In a brochure intituled 'A Caution for 1870,' he makes the follow ing cutting remarks :— ' Many things combine to make the present inroad of false doctrine peculiarly dangerous. There is an undeni able zeal about the teachers of error : their ' earnestness (to use an unhappy cant phrase) makes many think they must be right. There is a 'Teat appearance of learning and theological knowledge ; many fancy that such clear and intellectual men must surely be safe guides. There is a general tendency to free thought and free inquiry; many like to prove their independence of judgment by believing novelties. There is a widespread desire to appear charitable and liberal-minded; many seem half ashamed of saying that anybody can be in the wronn-. There is a quantity of half-truth taught by the modern false 'teachers ; they are incessantly using Scriptural terms and phrases in an unscriptural sense. There is a morbid craving m the public mind for more sensuous, ceremonial, sensational, showy wor ship ? men are impatient of inward, invisible heartwork. There is a silly readiness in every direction to believe everybody who talks cle verly, lovinoly, and earnestly, and a determination to forget that Satan is often transformed into an angel of light. There is a wide spread - gullibility ' among professing Christians; eyciy heretic who tells his story plausibly is sure to be believed, and everybody who doubts him is called a persecutor and a narrow-minded man. All these things are peculiar symptoms of our times. I defy any observ ing man to deny them. They tend to make the assaults of false doc- . trine in our day peculiarly dangerous. They make it more than ever needful to cry out aloud, « Be not earned about. 