COMPLIMENTARY DINNER TO MR. ARTHUR KING. J.P. A complimentary dinner was given by rate payers residentroundWatervaleto the late Chair man pf the Upper Wake field, District Council, Mr. A/Kmcr.'J.P.. on Thursdav avemriff. AuYmst if in the Foresters Hall. There was a large atten dance, about GO being present, and the spread was well prepared by Mr. T. P. Davies, of the .Prince- of Wales Hotel. Several from Pine .Creek., and Skilly were present to. show .their respect for and to thank Mr. King for his* past exertions. Mr.. J. S. Cole was Chairman, and Mr. Treloar Vice-Chairraan. The toast of the evening was proposed by the Chairman, who referred to their guest's many useful public efforts, and thanked him forthe services he had rendered, not only a3 Chairman of the Council, but aa the well-tried represen tative of that part of the district. This dinner was given more especially as an expression of approval and a recognition of duty fulfilled, coming from the ratepayers residing in that part of the district, and expressed a hope that a dinner would still be given by the whole to mark their appreciation of six years' servicos as the Chairman. Ho concluded a very tolling speech by proposing ' The Guest of the even ing,' which was drunk in bumpers, and followed by musical honours. Mr. King said he was very much gratified at their kindness especially as this was by his own immediate friends and neighbours. He thanked Mr. Cole for his eulogistic references. He had done his duty to the best of his ability. When he was first elected the Council funds were in . an embarrassed state, and there was no comparison in the amount spent now compared with what was disbursed six years ago. The first year he was Chairman, £800 was the actual expenditure; last year the amount reached £2,500. No District Council in tho colony had paid so much or had the work done either cheapor or better. Tho gross income for the six years was £11,000, of which £9,000 had been expended on the roads, and no ratepayer could say that any money had been squandered. Some people said that he was a domineering man ; but he would give them ono instance. He had always tried for a Is. rate, and had only succeeded once out of the six years he had been in tho Council. Then that ho was arbitrary. ' A Councillor charged the former Council with squandering money, and ho maintained that it 'was not fair to bring any charges against previous Councillors ; but said he would call a meeting and let them havo the statements made when others were present. That was what they called arbitrary conduct. He then spoko highly of an old Councillor, Mr. J. Ward, as a good representative. He had many reasons for giving up, and had hoard that he should give way for another; as it was not wise to create two parties in the district he retired. Having been in oftico six years he could assure tho ratepayers that no district was better served by the Councillors, and he would adviso them not to be led away by onyono saving they had been in too long. It was only rushing away to get in the quick-sand. They ought always to stick to those who did their duty. When ho went into the Council he was a new man, and was returned five times at tho head of the poll, and should bo again if it was required. Ills being returned last time as Auditor showed tho feelings of tho ratepayers of tho district. Ho was also glad that Mr. Jas. Thomas was tho Council Chairman, and was convinced ho would mako a good ono. He thanked them heartily for their mark of esteem, and for the address presented to him on tho day of tho election at Auburn. It was somewhat of a struggle for him to give up, but they would find in Mm their hard-working sorvaut in any capacity. On re suming his seat tho speaker was warmly applauded. 'The Parliament' was proposed by Mr. F. Treloar (coupled with the members for the District, Sir G. S. Kingston and Mr. Bright). ' Upper Wakefield' was given by Mr. Robert Jones, and responded to by Mr. Thomas, the Council Chairman, who said he thought the present members would work well togother. 'The Pastoral and Agricultural Interests' were given in a telling speech by Mr. F. Heaslip, acknowledged by Mr. J. A. Lines. ' The Town and Trade of Watervale' followed, by Mr. Ward. Mr. Williamson, in reply, said tho trade had gone out, but he was glad other things were not at a standstill, as improvements wcro going on, and he felt much gratified at mooting Mr. King as a guest at tho first dinner in tho new Hall. After 'The Press,' introduced by Mr. Claridgo, 'Lady Edith Fergusson' was proposed by Mr. Kclsh, and humourously acknowledged by Mr. O. H. Richardson. Mr. Robert Jones suggested a toast of his own — ' Mr. and Mrs. King, long may they live in the valley an:l slopes of Watervale.' Honoured amid much cheering. Mr. James Jones said that tho man who. would not drink that he wished might meet a ghost on his way home. Mr. King, in response, was grateful for the poetical manner in which his home and himself had been coupled. The Chairman, Vice-Chairinan, Host and Hostess, were honoured, ending one of the most pleasant gatherings ever held in Watorvalo. A party of amateurs rendered several songs, duots, and glees, which greatly added to the harmony of the meeting. 