©Je IJocMjarngtoa §uUetiu ABD CBtrxBa.li QUEENSLAND ADVERTISER. THURSDAY, JULY 7. 1870. TEE year 1870 has already been marked by the delivery of one Vice-regal Speech which closed the career of a Queensland Ministry. The LILLET Government made its last dying confession through Her MAJESTY'S representative. The PALMEE Government, although »ot content to yield up existence eo peace- fully, seems not to have the remotest chance of prolonged life after declaring its policy. The Speech was read on Tuesday, and at the time we write a debate is in progress on the want of confidence motion by Mr. MACALISTER. Judging by the condition of the House, and by the current of opinion in politi- cal circles, the motion will be carried, in which case the promises made by the Government are not worth the paper on which they were written, lt may not, however, be unprofitable to give them a passing notice. The GOVERXOB'S Speech is a statement of the measures necessary for the good government of the country, and not a mere party manifesto. From whichever section of Íiolitirians it proceeds, therefore, its eading features are such as the exigen- cies of the colony for the time being may be supposed to demand. The measure deemed of transcendent importance is a new Loan Bill, to enable the Government to meet the engage- ments of their predecessors for railway construction and immigration. We may add, also, to enable the Government to refund the Savings Bank Deposits, which were temporarily made use of by the Executive without proper authority. The measure cannot be much longer delayed, as the first batch of Treasury Bills, issued in 1866, is nearly due. These bills bear the ruinous interest of ten per cent per annum, whereas the Go- vernment might now borrow at little more than one-half that rate. The latest quotation for Queensland Deben- tures on 'Change is 110& to 111, and although the price would be somewhat affected by a new issue, there can be no question that debentures sufficient to redeem the whole of the Treasury Bills could be placed immediately at a (handsome premium. To the extent of the pro- vision for the Treasury Bills, the Loan Bill will have the effect of lightening instead of increasing the public burden. It is not therefnro significant of in- creased taxation-a most important con- sideration in these hard times. The »paragraph in the Speech with reference to the steamer-building con- tract and the unauthorised removal of tho National School fees, may be re- garded as an attempt to make capital out of the misdeeds of Mr. LILLET. Although matters of importance, the taste displayed by the present Govern- ment in thus mallina; the QUEEN'S representative reprove their predecessors is very questionable. At the close of the 1869 session, the G-OVEHKOB an- nounced to Parliament the change respecting the public schools, and there is something odd in the censure of him- self implied by the paragraph referred to. As President of the Executive C.iuncil the GOVEMÎOB was a party to the removal of the school fees, and it is rather late in the day for him to BBk Parliament to express disapproval of that step. Some months ago, Earl GEAjnTTLLE very distinctly laid down the law with regard to unauthorised ex- penditure, and informed Earl BELMORE that it was his duty to see that the law was carried out. The same rule must apply to Colonel BLACKALL. Therefore we conclude that Ministers would have vindicated their principles quite as well by bringing forward a resolution in the Assembly without placing the GOVEBKOE in a false position. The recommendation to fix the Bail way charges by Act of Parliament is of doubtful utility. Eailway fares and freights are, we imagine, a purely administrative matter. With regard to the Bills promised for Customs, Gold- fields, Insolvency, and Wages, we can only say they affect questions de- manding immediate legislation. The District Court procedure and the Municipalities Act both need amend- ment, and "Additional Äepresenta tion" has become a stock phrase in Queensland political programmes. Attention is next called to the slaughtered innocents" of last year, and then authority is asked " to contract for the construction of cheap lines of railway in tho interior on the land grant system." This last sounds like unmitigated claptrap, as no sane man believes capitalists will undertake the construction of railways in the interior on any such terms. There is some doubt whether even the Brisbane and Ipswich line would be undertaken on that principle-a line which the metropolitans assert would pay better than any other ia the colony. What probability is there, then, of capitalists laying out hard cash and accepting re-im bursement in the shape of waterless and at present almost useless land ? The Speech closes with a promised reduction in the telegraphic charges-a reform the public generally will heartily approve. The prospects of the Ministry on Tuesday were dismal enough. With their opponents in a majority of three, and one member on the cross-benches, they cannot profess to be attempting to govern by a majority. The unseating of Mr. SA.NDESIA.IT is an additional source of weakness. The Assembly is not likely to allow the Government to be carried on by the minority. We believe there is no precedent for the Government initiating the business of a session with- out a majority at their back. Therefore, should the want of confidence motion miscarry, it is difficult to see how Mr. PALMED can justify any attempt to carry on the Government. Anticipating, as we do, the adoption of the want of confidence motion, the questions are-Will Mr. PALMED quietly yield up the ghost, or apply to the GOVEBHOB for-a dissolution ? la he entitled to a dissolution ? At the time of the last General Election-September, 1868-the MACKENZIE-PALMER Min- istry were in power. The present Cabinet are substantially the same, and the Parliament is in reality Mr. PALMER'S Parliament. When the late Government retired, Mr. LILLET had the right to a dissolution, but he taking his own statement-waived that right to allow Mr. PALMEO to form a Ministry. Mr. PALMEB then selected a Government from the Ministry, and bas never since been in the position to command a majority. Is he then en- titled to a dissolution ? Ought not the reins of power to be again pliced in in the hands of Mr. LILLEY or of some member acting in concert with him ? The country should not be put to the expense of a dissolution by Mr. PALMER unless there is reasonable prospect of his being able to command a majority in the new House. Of this he can have no j such prospect, asd therefore we should be glad to see the power at once revert to the Opposition. IF the statement of " A Lover of Justice " in our Correspondence columns be true-and we have no proof that it is untrue-WATSON and party are not by any means deserving of the censure heaped upon them. If it be a fact that WATSON was not consulted on the arbitration question-that the arrange- ment was " cut and dried " without his knowledge-he cannot fairly be blamed for refusing his consent. A man must be allowed the privilege of sticking to his own property in the face of all comers. We do not for one moment assent that WATSON'S party have an unquestionable titlo to the ground. On that point we decline to pronounce. It is sufficient for us that Mr. Commissioner JARDINE has sworn that they are legally in possession, and that he has already sent to gaol several men who attempted to take forcible possession of the property in defiance of his order. If the COM MISSIONER'S oath is worthy of belie!, tl., title of WATSON and party is inde- feasible, and they are perfectly justified in refusing to entertain a question as to their right. The miscarriage of the arbitration is to us a matter of deep regret. The prolongation of the dispute involves a general los«. But we should be worthy of the gravest censure did we measures, to the ConMissroNt J'S authority. WATSON'S party being in possession, the onus nf proof that they are improperly so lies with their opponents. Were WATSON and party susceptible of intimidation, there would be no jus tice io Buch a course of procedure. It is possible that their opponents have suuerod gross injustice, but that is no excuse for the threat that " if he (WAT- SON) should refuse [the arbitration] and outrage follow, wo shall have to point to him as the direct cause of it." The miners may depend upon it that the law is strong enough to protect WATSON against outrage, and that the perpe- trators would bitterly rue their conduct when it was too late. The very mention of possible outrage, as an argument to influence a man's conduct, is in the highest degree reprehensible We should be heartily glad to see the dispute amicably settled, and have no other wish than that the rightful owner should win . the duy. But we are confident that threats or even hints of an appeal to I physical force will not facilitate the settlement, but tend to create further complications. Threats are extremely irritating to the parties affected by them. 