CVLOXIAL. EXTitJLCTH. DISTRESSING CASE.—A sad accident occurred yesterdav'sfteriioon about two o'clock in the underground workingR of the " Great Western." One of the miners named Ned. Andrews remarked to his mnte about some unusual noiBe in the back end of the drive, and went to Bee tho cause, when he was almost instantly covered by many tons of ^fuff from the top and sides of the drive. As many hands as can possibly be of any use are working to recover what it is foared must be but the lifeless remains. Up to 5.30 'they have not been successful, as the stuff kept running, and they have to put in "sots" At six o'clock the body waB brought to the surface, every bone apparently broken, and of course quite dead. The unfortunate man leaves a widow and six children, four on tho 'doctor's list. A RIVAL TO TOM TIIUMB.—There are dwarfs and dwarfs. Tho Kapunda (S.A.) ,, local journal says .—We have had a Tom /'p [Thumb in our own neighbourhood for some I years, in the person of a lad named Michael Pinn, who, although fifteen years of age, is only thirty inches in height. He is double jointed, and not being able to walk very freely, his smallness has not come conspicuously before the Kapunda public. His father is a laborour, living at Baker's Flat. Hearing of the arrival of the General, some of Pinn's acquaintances have provided him with an appropriate suit of clothes, Wellington boots, &c.;, and on Wednesday he went to Adelaide for the purpose, of presenting himself to our small, though distinguished American visitor." A STEEAK OP LUCK,—A nugget, weighing 13 ounces, was picked out of some dirt ® n Monday, by Messrs. Plunkett and .46 .Bagwell, on ground somewhere near the y pead of tho Old Union Lead. We are / informed that a claim "tits been taken up and pegged out at the spot, in order, to enable the fortunate flinders to prospect the ground thoroughly.— LOST AND FOUND.—One day last week, a boy in the employ of Sir. Hoffmoiutor of iiucknow, named Wiiliam Carter, on returning home from Orange, found a pocket- .book on the road which he took home to hiB maBter, and oh examination, it was touad to contain £30 in £5 notes and 15s. w i ? r Froto ' "? ome , memoranda Mr. Hoftmeister had an'idea, tliatit must belong to a gentleman whom he knew, though it contained no hafoe. llie 'next morning seeing this gehtleman his surmise toroved correct, and the.properfcv was restored, the owner rewarding the finder with the sum of 10s. Now the amount of the reward'is not complained of so much, but since that time Mr. Hoffmeister has been informed that £5 was offered for tho restoration of the book and contents, and naturallv thinks that advantage has boon taken of'the circumstances of its restoration, to avbid tho payment of the larger amount. We concede that it is perfectly optional with a loser to <P a y what sum he thinks fit for the restora- tion of lost property; at the same time if the higher reward was offered, the boy had a claim to it.— THE BMBGE WOBKS.—Two divisions of one of the cy linders at, the south end of the proposed bridge were on ^Saturday last raised to their positions', , (The top portion of the same cylinder was subsequently in course of elevation, when the rope snapped, and the mass of iron fell with tremendous crash, fortunately without sustaining fracture or damage. Ooe of the workmen was stationed on this portion of the cylinder when the rope gave way, but suffered no injury. A. CAHABD.—INCIDENT OF THE LATE FLOOD.—The AWrnry Banner has the follow, ing:—-A gentleman who is connected with Yass informs us that a wheel that belonged to Mr. Barber's old mill at that place was lately found in the Murrumbidgee, near Wagga Wagga. Our informant calculates the distance thus travelled at about three hundred miles. « [None of the machinery in the Yass Mills was removed by the flood. Courier. A BRIEF OBITUARY NOTICE.—The following brief epigrammatic obituary notice appears in the Bombala Times frjtn its Beg;i correspondent:—"Mr. George Rogers, a very old resident surrendered his immortal ghost at tho Victoria Inn on Sunday morning. The deceased was a Londoner born, by trade a painter. He died of paralysis, aged 70. Requisecat in peace." A STEAM EH A.T GUNDAQAI.—On Tuesday afternoon the residents of Guudagai were startled by the sound of steam being blown off and the distant noise of a paddle wheel in inotio'i, and were presently further astonished by tho unwonted sight of a vessel gliding up tho reach of the river opposite the Northern and Southern townships. A stampede of juveniles to the bridge instantly took place, andthese were followed at a soberer pace by a large proportiou of the elder inhabitants of the township, who were also bent upon inspecting the welcome stranger. The craft proved to be Mr. Warby's J.H-P., which had come up stream to take in a cargo of twenty tons oflime at Mundarlo, and as this was not quite ready had been brought onwards to Gundagai partly for the purpose of disposing of some supplies she had on board at stations on the way or at the township. In this we believe the parties in charge were tolerably successful. At first the J.II.P. was moorod ou the north side of the river, a little below tho bridge ; but as access to her was dfficult in that position, owing to the partially flooded state of the flats, she afterwards crossed to the south side, where she became a centre of attraction, was boarded by many and was gazed at curiously by a crowd of youngsters, who fur the first time in their lives saw a 6teain-boat. The J.II.P. seems an active and useful little boat, and we feel assured that she could easily make the voyage to Gundagai for two or three months during the winter season. Ho-.v about "Wagga Wagga being the head of the river navigation, by the way ? We were very glad to see a river steamer a train vi- at this locality, the last that came to Gundagai was brought by Captain Cadell, close on twelve years ago, and we trust we may presently 6ee s(earners arrive hero periodical 1 v. As the J.II.P. had not been expected, no attempt had been made to get a cargo together for her to take to localiteis lying down the river; but wo believe that eotne tons of timber werj sent from Kimo Saw- tnill to Wagga Wagga by her, and that she may return for a further supply. On Thursday tho J.II.P. left our locality for Mundarlo.—Times. ? DBOWNING NEAA CONDOBOLIN.—A man, name unknown, but supposed to bo a sliepherd, was drowned the other day. It appears he was travelling in company with two men to whom he was a stranger, and wheu about fifteen (15) miles from Condobolin, on a back road leading from Burrawang to this I'lace ; the horse he was riding Bt.umbled, whether from stepping into a hole is not known, and his rider fell into the water, the current running very strong at that place, his two companions endeavoured to rescue him, but without avail, he was carried beyond the reach of human aid and sank to rise no more. Information was at once given to the police by his late fellow-travellers who left the horse he was riding in their possession. Two constables and a black tracker started tho following day, to drag for tho body, but were unable to recover the corpse of the missing man.—Another accident, which had well nigh proved fatal occurred to McDowel and another man, who were going from Yeo's to Burrawang. From what we can learn they had botli been drinking and endeavoured to cross the river in a canoe. The frail bark to which they had committed themselves split in two and sank with them, tho next moment the two. men found themselves battling with the snrging waters; one, being a tolerable swimmer, soon reached the shore in safety —not so his companion, who A finding that matters were likely to go bard with him, made for.a tree in mid-stream, which he 'succeeded in gaiiiing. and climbfed up beyond the reach of danger, where ho was compelled to remain without clothing until assis. : tance arrived on tho following morning from Burrawang-hoilse, where .he was conveyed, more dead than alive, having suffered severely "from his , lenghtened exposure to the weather. It Beems probable that the men must themselves have had some misgivings before they, ventured to cross 'iu the Canoe, as they had "stripped .so "as to be ready for any emergency. We need not Bay that upon reaching Bufrawing ^every attention was given'to the man who had so narrowly escaped a watery grave, or the perhaps worse death, that of perishing from jjold and exposure.—Corres. Lachlan Re- porter. FATAL ACCIDENT IN ABALUEN.—An inquiry was hold on yesterday before the Coroner and a jurv of twelve, at Mr. Cliynoweth's Maltsters' Arms, into toe circumstances attending tho death of a boy named William Dayball. a driver in a claim, who was killed by a horso and cart running over hi in. George Sclierf deposed : I am a boy working'in'the Tornrnv Dodd Claim ; I know deceased William Dayball; ho was driving a horso and cart in tho claim ; about 8 a.m, the deceased WSB driving a horee in a cart from the top of the tip to the bottom;.he fell down and the horse went over him, dragging the cart-wheel across his head) deceased appeared to have slipped; he then; turned over and the off-wheel went over his head; after the wheel went over his head he ne^ejr, spoke, but turned on his face; ,he did not A live more than five minutes after tile wheel went jjover him. The horse was a quiet one.,,„It was to,.prevent him from slipping over.a bank ,that deceased was leading the horse'; while leading the Jiorsfe he began to trot apd then .he let him go and he fell <lown. ..Thomas King, deposed: I represent a share in the Tommy JDotm claim in ; which deceased was employed; I was working in a lower part of the cut;. J heard a cry that there was a -boy knocked down; I jumped on the top, .and saw deceased lying.on his hands and face on the,, ground; I liftedhiin j he was then bleeding; from the left. eaj"'; 1 sent for ; the doctor ; another man thpn .came up And took the: boy; I went for the Doctor myself^ the boy did not speak 4 fce ; wai^ unconscious ; when I came back with the Doctor the boy was dead;, I wfs away, aboilt Jbwehty, minutes; the boy. was 14 or 15 years of 'Age,, Frederick Seherf dfeposod: X am ahoj' working in the Tommy Dbdd claim ; about a quarter past ieight thjs meriting I "&as; in the claim; I was aboilt ton .yards &bm; ~deceased ; my brother sagg out and I looked round and saw the wheel of tlie caltt pitasing over* the deceased'^ headj when the men ran and lifted him,lip the blood was pouring out of his ear| he li^d^abooi five minutes after the mfin lifted him up. Crossexamined by jaiy: The horse is not a wild one, but is awkward with his head; the horse was walking when the wheel-Went over the boy's head. Dr. Gentle deposed that he was called at half-past eight to see the deceased, just after he died; there was a mark ou his temple and blood in his ears, and the skull was fractured. A verdict was returned of accidental death.— Dispatch. INCIDENT AT A. SEANCE. — The Bendigo Advertiser relates:—" One incident not set down in the'programme occurred at Madame Sibley's electric-biologic seance at Huutly, on Thursday evening, which is worth recording. The subjoct in hand was mesmerism, and the fair lecturer was about to illustrate her remarks as to the insen.-ibility to pain on the part of one of the youths then mesmerised bv thrusting a long pin into his arm, when an independent elector, who had evidently not yet recovered from tho excitement consequent on the shire council election, which had taken place that day, entertaining doubts as to the bona fides of the experiment, determined to test the truth of the statements made by the lecturer in a manner mora conclusive than that proposed. Advancing to the stage, in order, as was supposed, to have a better view, he took advantage of the opportunity to seize with his teeth the hand of the unfortunate subject of the proposed operation, and bit him most savagely. Madame Sibly immediately stepped oft the stage into the body of the hall, and, advancing to the sceptical elector, hit, out direct from tho shoulder both right and left, in a style worthy of a Saycrs or a Heenan,' painting' both the optics of the off.-n'ler in the most scientific manner. Order was restored after this exhibition of muscular Christianity, but only temporarily for, on the delinquent agaiu appearing in front of the stage, the other subjects under the influence, numbering six or seven, in obedience to a wave of the hand from Madame Sibly, rushed at their prey like a pack of hounds, and went straight forward regardless of all obstacles; and the upsetting of Feats, the screaming of females, and the (Tying of children created a scene of confusion such as is not often witnessed." SUICIDE ON BOAKD SHIP.—A man giving the name of Jeremiah Ryan, and who stated' he was a native of Tipperarv, took passage at Liverpool on board the Macedon for this port. He was looked upon by most on board as being of somewhat unsound mind. His peculiarities consisted of his performing long vigils and doing penance; he was, however, considered quite harmless. On the morning of the 7th of June the ship's company and passengers were thrown into a great state state of excitement by its becoming known that Ryan had hung him- self in his sleeping apartment. On searching his berth the following extraordinary and rather incoherent epistle, together with a piece of paper containing directions for his guidance from Ireland to Liverpool, was found, as also a portion of an Irish newspaper, named thotBelfast Newsletter, which latter contains a leading article npon the mysterious murder of Patrick Kirwan, committed in Tipperary, and a telegram announcing the confession of the murder by a man naiflied Glceson, who stated he had committed 'the crime during a fit of frenzy. The letter, as will be" seen, refers to a person named Gleeson, and it is supposed by those on board the Macedon that Ryan was in some way m lied "Up with the Gleeson who has confassed to the murder of Kirwan:— Copy of the ^letter Vvritteh "by J. Ryan. irevibus'to his death:—" I confess to' the floly and devout priest and almighty of God to forgive me my sins, as I have 'faever .injured any of my neighbours willingly, but, t know my sins is very great, I have receive^ unworthy. T psk God's pardon for my siifs, and as it was Michael Mealy that led me^to. this fortune. Only for I saw him I %ould hot have come'tO this end; but, as Father Coller said, if my "bins 'were as J>Iack as ink, or as numerous as the Bands of th.e'B&a;, they would be forgiven me. I returli to Gbd, a&d; I ask li's pardon of my sins. I be^ of holy pofje, and oiir holy bishop, and the holy 'family of this fihe court, and I ask Father Gleeson to forgive me. I ask. Pat. Gleeson to forgive me, and George Gleeson to forgive me. In tbe hand of God and the Blessed yirgin, may God be merciful to all my people. I am afraid I have deserved hell; but as God is 'stronger than the devil, I hope the owner of this book will do something for me. Holy Mary, mother of God, pray for tn'e a sinner, now and at the hour of my death. May God and the blessed Virgin Mary may intercede with her Son Jesus for me, as I was iqviite out of my mind when I intended to come hero. As I my senses no\v, thank God I hope not to be shut out of the happiness of heaven, I bequeath myself to God's will. May God and the blessed Virgin Mar^y •have mercy on me." .'Copy of instructions found in his chest written in a. very clear and distinct.haud. " You are to leave Nenagh by the first train on Thursday morning, the 2isti for J)nblin. , Train leaves at twenty paat 6 a.m vOu arrival in* Dublin, go at once to the North Wall, where you Vill find a steamer to start at one o'clock for Liverpool, take your passage in her jfor Liverpool. A^hen at Liverpool, inquire for Mr.. James Dean', of 33 Regent-street, and he will give all directions. Mind yo'Ur luggage when changing." There is a card of James Duari, licensed agent, 011 the back of which, is written'.in .pencil, "Miss Mary Browja, prqghada"— LOVJE AJSD. LITIGATION.—An kmiiBirig case war, heard at jthe Geelong Central Police Court on Monday, when a young man natiiecl RosBer sued a young married woman named; Brown for illegally detaining it igrey' mare, purchased by him when his, loVe for 'her was warm, at Howell's sale-yard for 17s. &d.;, attd 16ft iil hei* custody, i'lie defence was that tbS mare had been a loVer's gift, ihe fair Recipient promising , to iron her Inamorata's collars, sew on buttolis, and do, 'othet such little kindnesses. The clothes; Caddie, and .bridle left In her'custody.': Were seut to Russer when he wrote for them, but, the mare was retained. Doubtless nothing mure woiijd have,been said abouti. the matter had sfye ritft .turned fickle. Bosser, finding himself done " Browrr," and following oiijfc jthe words of the old song,!; " Give me tifcfek those gems! gave.you,"; sued for the restitution of of the 17B. 6d.i worth of horseflesh, ,-and obtaiued an order;, for the restitution of 8ame.-r Leader._ ^ i . 'ME&AJROSBUR; AND FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Sun'd^y evening as Thomas Daniels with several others were returning from Quean- : beyan to Molohglo, on reaching within a< couple of mieS of the latter place, they were induced to try the speed of their respective, horses, in completeing the journey, and got' into a hard gallop. Daniels having got/ thrown, his companions in the excitement of the moment continued their mad career, but| after a little time, not seeing him come] along the plain, they returned to'where lie' had fallen, and found him, face down, embedded in the mud, from which he was unable to extricats himself. Having re-; leased him, they placed him on his horsie,. and proceeded a snort distance, when 'he; moaned so heavily—fancying his neck was: injured—they placed him on the ground, and commenced lighting fires round him, 1 but had scarcely ignited the wood when, they found life extinct. The iuquest die-: closed the fact that death resulted from' exhaustion, consequent upon his immersion in thick mud.—Braidwood Liberal. ' ? JOURNALISM:.—The Goulburu Evening Post did not wake its appearance on Saturday last. Tuis paper was established by Mr. Harris, the former printer and subse-' quent proprietor of the Southern Observer, when that journal was discontinued: Mr. Harris is understood to be an economical: manager; and that the Post has ceased toexist is not attributable to any fault of his but to tho fact that three printing-offices! are beyond the requirements of the district.! CHEAP RAILWAY TEIPS DURING THE EX- NIBITION.—It will be seen by advertisement; in another column that during the continution of the Intercolonial Exhibition, the; train leaving Goulburu at 0.35 a.m. on: Saturday will take second-class passengers! to Sydney and back at the extraordinarily low price of 6s. for the double journey. The tickets will be available for an entire week. These are the cheapest, rates that we have yet been favoured with, and evince an earnest desireon the part of the government to accomo-; date the public of the interior. There is no doubt that these rates will be very largely taken advantage of. We may venture to express a hope that as far as possible the open carriages may be kept for the suburban traffic, and not sent on the through trips, as the weather still continues extremely cold at night.— A STATE VAGRANT.—The Melbotiriier Argus states that the hangman, William Bamford, who is usually in goal as aVagrarit having earned some money by 'tfje two recent executions, has bee'n^. discharged from custody, and, as cUstomafy with him he proceeded to expend it' in purchasing drink. On Friday he was Caken before the city magistrates for being dfti'u'k and disorderly, and was fined 10s. Laehlan Reporter. Western Examiner, —Courier. ? ? ? Braidviood ? Zeadef'. ? —Herald. : Qbulburn Herald. 