RTF1/I3 ASSOCIATION MATCHES. These matches, which came off at ihc Sandridfe Rutl.i on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last, have, on the whole, proved a success as to the number of competitors present, and the arrange ments made by Majors Irving and Stubbs, the joint acting secretarieD, with regard to the manage ment of the meeting The shooting on the whole was, however, very inferior, in comparison with that of fcrmer years, and scores, which on this occasion obtained prizes, would not have had a u ghost of a chance" at previous meetings. The great falling off in the ediciency of the marksmen is no doubt due to a great extent to the fact that the Rifle Association's matches have lapsed during the last three years from a paucity of funds, but which, we believe, arc now in such a flourishing condition that the matches will tako place aunually. Our local '. shots '' have not taken a very con spicuous position amongst the prize takers, Messrs Davidson nnd Mope, oi Euglehawk, being the only two whose names are mentioned as being success ful, In match 1, at 200, 500, and 600 yards, in which only picked representatives from the various corps were allowed to take part, Davidson took third prize (L2) at 500 yards, witn a score or i.J of 34 points at the three ranges. In nic-teti 4, open to all-comer?, at the same d.stances as he nhnve match, Hope took third prize (LI) .it the 500 yards range, v>ith 16 points while Davidson carried off first prize (L5) at 600 yards, with 13 po its For the total prize, at the three ranges Hope took third place, with 42, and Davidson fourth place, having siored 41 points, wuiniu0 Ll eaThe International match, in which ten repre sent'tives of England IrelandI and. Beort.no, , selected respectively by Captain Chamber-, . J Radcliffe ami Captain 'Icmpleton, coinpetcl^a challenge cup-Hie highest scorer of the wniinn,, ;nent and was a very close contest. Ibe^ only Bendigo men chosen to take part in the match were Davidson and Hope, both of whom. shot remarkably well. The total scorcs were English men, 388; Scotchmen, 381; and Irishmen, 376 points,-the English only beating the Scotch by seven points and the Irish by twelve, lhe chal lenge cup presented by the V.R.A. therefore becomes the property of the English ten , H°Pe» the highest scorer (54) in that team, taking tlie L5 prize. "Davidson, who was one of the Scotch repre sentatives, was second highest scorer, with 51 P°The V.R.A. Challenge Cup, which was won at a former meeting by the Emerald Hill Artillery, wai fired for, and was open to be held till next meeting by the corps which, having entered its full number of representatives, had the four highest aggregate scores in matches 1 anU i. iue Emerald Hilf Artillery were again successful in securino- the Cup, their (our highest scorers m the above matches having made a total of 12j P°1,lts ! the Bendigo Rifles taking second place with 12-, and the 2nd and 1st Castlcmaine Corps following closely with 121 and 118 points respectively. Messrs Hope and Davidson have shot well throughout the whole of the matches and have certainly done their best to uphold the name of what used to be in years gone by, the best shooting corps in the colony. It is to be hoped that before the next Association Matches take place, our local rifles will have devised some means to im prove their efficiency as marksmen, and once arrain to appear in their old " form to enable them to regain their prestige, and lost laurels. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE-The number of visitors to the public reading-room during the week ciidiug 1st January was 133. We have been 1 requested to state that the following journals are regularly placed on the reading table, immediately on receipt:-"Melbourne Argus, Age5 Daily Telegraph, Australasian, Leader, and Govern ment Gazette; Bendigo Advertiser, and Even in" News ; Ballarat Star, Ovens and Murray . Advertiser, Mouut Alexander Mail, Daylesford Mercury, Dunolly Express, Riverine Herald, Hamilton Spectator, M'lvov Times, Kynetou Guardian end Observer, Gray town Leader, Tar nagulla and Llanelly Courier, Tarrengower Times, Sydney Morning Herald, South Australian Re gister, Queensland Time.", Southland I imes, HobartTown .Mercury, Waranga Chronicle." POLITICAL GOSSIP.-It is now pretty generally understood (remarks the Age) that the seatless members of the Ministry, Messrs Byrne and Reeves, will resign their portfolios forthwith. Not that these gentlemen desire by this step to relieve their colleagues from what is admitted to ' be an embarrassing position, for they are quite ready to hold on to office to the last; but the fact is they have got notice to quit, one of their col leagues having put the matter so unmistakably plain to them, that either they must resign or he will. In the course of a day or two, therefore, we may he able to announce the resignation of the Treasurer and Commissioner of Public Works. In the meanwhile it is rumored that Mr Aspinall is again coquetting with the Attorney-General ship. On the same subject the Herald of last evening remarks Whatever reconstruction of the Ministry may take place, it is unlikely to be completed this week. The hon ('. J. .Tenner may possibly accept the office of Public W"orks, Mr Cohen may become Treasurer, Mr Kerf'erd may become Minister ol Justice, and Mr Fellows may take a portfolio without office, and Mr G. Berry may be a Minister of the Crown, Each and all of these events are on the cards, and may be realiues before the week end?. Messrs Byrne and Reeves will shortly inform their colleagues whether they onn find seats, or whether they intend to walk the plank. The Macpherson Ministry to meet the Assembly will not be the Macpherson Ministry that prorogued the House." Tiie COLIB)V.n WATER SCHEME.-There appears almost to be some adverse influence at work in connection with the Coliban Water Supply scheme. So far (states the Kyncton Guardian), we have had nothing but a series of hitches and blunders, and these would appear to be insepar able from the proseoutipu of the works. It is little more than a fortnightsince we congratulated Mr J. B, Dwyer upon the speedy and satisfac tory manner in which he completed, some days within the specified time, his contract, bo far as lhe earth and masonry work of the Malmsbury Reservoir were concerned. Now we have to report that the sub- contractors under Mr Dwyer, for the ereetion of tho iron valve tower, Messrs Laughtou and Co, have from some, hitherto uexplained, suspended operations, after erecting the tower to a height of about 20 feet only. By the terms of the contract they were bound to complete it before the 18th December, and the penalty for delay is L25 per day. It is now doubtful whether the reservoir can be utilised for storing any of next winter's rains, for we understand that even if everything were to go on without further hitch or delay, the tower could not be completed before May or June next, whilst there is some thing more than a possibility of its being delayed considerably beyond that period. A. WiNorALL.-The Creswick Adi-crtmcr has been informed, wn pretty good authority, that a well known gentleman residing within a few miles of Creswick, and connected by marriage with one of the leading families, lias fallen heir to a baronetcy, and, better still, that the title does not come to him as a barren honor, as it is accom panied by property amounting to some L30,000. Wool. SCOURING AT ECUUCA.- A quantity of wool from the ICinchega station, Menindie, on the Darling, has been forwarded by the Pride of the Murray to the Eciuica Meat Preserving and Fell inongering Company to be scoured. In the ensuing season wo (states the Riverine Htvald) shall no doubt have to report many oiinilar con signmento, Tliio is a branch of trod? which 19 bound to progress in Eehucs, 