THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE AUSTIN' 'ianBar. R. HAYWARD. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-As the Church Assembly is now sitting, it appear? to me not unlikely the above case may occupy a prominent position in its debates ; will you therefore allow me to give the fullest information upon the subject 'Í Some 12 or 14 years since the Rev. R. Hayward presented himself as a candidate for deacon's orders, and was examined by the bishop's chaplains in regular course. The examination ended, Mrs. Hayward was informed by the learned chaplains that in one of his answers the teaching of the Church of England was impugned. Mr. Hayward replied that such was not the case, as the answer referred to was almost verbatim from one of the homilies of the Church. This the chaplain or chaplains denied the Book of Homilies was produced, and Mr. Hayward was proved to be in the right. This was the only thing that the chaplains had to allege as a reason why Mr. Hayward should not be presented to the bishop for ordination, and Mr. Hayward having proved himself orthodox, one would have thought that he would have been at once admitted into deacon's orders. But, no ; two whole years were allowed to elapse, and then Mr. Hayward was summoned into the presence of the bishop, to undergo an examination, this time at the hands of his lordship himself. During this trying ordeal Mr. Hayward was informed that he had no warrant for using a certain expression. He justified himself by telling his lordship that the expression complained of was used in Newell's Catechism, a book sanctioned by Convocation. Here, however, a difference of opinion existed ; the book was produced, the bishop was shown to be in the wrong, and Mr. Hayward again in- the right. Mr. Hayward Was ordained accordingly. So far (can I say s) so good. As the time approached for the admission - the Rev. R. Hayward into the holy order of the priesthood, he was summoned before the bishop, and was candidly told that he would never be ordained by him priest unless he would give a solemn promise that he would never have recourse to vestments. Mr. Hayward declined to give any such promise, telling the bishop that he had no right to make such an unlawful demand, and that he (Mr. H.) preferred to be an unfettered deacon to a fettered priest. Things were allowed to remain thus till within a short time since, when. a paper of questions was submitted to Mr. Hayward, and in due course the answers returned to Bishopscourt. I have seen the questions and answers, and maintain that they contain, in every respect, the dogmatic teaching of the Church of England. To mention one only, that one which is perhaps most likely to startle lukewarm members of the Church. Q. What is the office of a priest in the Church of England A-FO forgive and retain sins to be a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of his holy sacraments. I challenge any one, who will calmly try this doctrine, whether or no it be orthodox, by the test recommended so strongly in the charge of the bishop, viz., " the articles of religion, the catechism, the book of course- ciation of archbishops and bishops, and ordering of priests and deacons, and the various services and offices of the Book of Common Players challenge any one, I say, to pronounce any other verdict than that that is the teaching of the Church as laid down by the Prayer-book. For what says the ordina- tion service on the subject ? ' The receivers" of the order of priesthood humbly kneeling upon their knees, the bishop says, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the church of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whose sins thou, dost forgive, they are forgiven and whose sins thou dost I retain, they are retained. And be thou a faithful dispenser of the Word of God and of His holy sacraments." This is the plainH. aching of the Church ; if it be not so, every time the bishop ordains a priest he enacts a solemn mockery. The replies to the other questions were given almost in the words of the Prayer-book that test, as I have already observed, which the bishop declares influences him in his selection of candidates for all orders of the ministry. Now, Sir, I ask, has his lordship calmly used that test in this case? was he not rather brought to bear his own private views on the matter, and decided by them rather than by the letter of the Prayer-book? L agree with you, Sir, that it is a shame that Mr. Hayward should be under the imputation of holding heterodox doctrine, and should be ejected from this diocese at the pleasure of the bishop, without being put upon his trial, and a chance given him of showing the Church at large whether he is unsound in doctrine or not. These are the plain facts of the case. With many apologies for thus trespassing upon your valuable space, and with many thanks for the stand you have made in the cause of liberty and justice, I am, Sir, your obedient servant, ANGLICAN US. 