THE HALLIGAN MURDER. Execution of Archibald. The last act of this tragedy was performed at Rook- hampton on the 22nd of December, when Archibald, perhaps the most guilty of the three men principally concerned in the murder of Patrick Halligan, paid the penalty of his crime on the gallows. The following account of the execution, though objectionable in many respects, is less so than the only other narrative that has been published. It is from a Rockhampton paper of December 28: At eight o'cloekyesterday morniing the last sentence of the law was carried out on Alexander Archibald, in Rocklisamoton gaoL About a quarter before eight the prison bell began to toll, end the niourntul prooession moved from the condemned cell to the enclosure where the soaffold stood. A oonsiderable number of persons-a-bout 100-had assembled to witness the enecution. The condemned man walked into the nelosuore firmly and ealmly, his eyes wandering over the familiar faces gathered round the soaffold. Thern was a look of rewpignstiog on his features freefrom any bravado, and his demeanour was that of one who subo mitted calmly to his fate, and was prepared ino acceptl it with fortitude andresignation. The Eev. Mr. Carson walked behind the prisoner, reading the funeral servie. Behind came the 3Iv. Mr. Jenkyn and the Rev. Mr.' Hartley, and the gaol officials. Archibald looked but little worn down by his long confinement and the mental anxiety be must havse suffeed. He carried es bunch of flowers in his right hand. Under the scaffold lay his colfn. Arrived at the foot of the salffold, the concluding prayers of the funrslop service were recited; Archibald and the cafciating iergyman remaining standing according to the usage of the Presbyterian Chburch, to which hee claimed to belong. Arcehibald's eyes, during the reolsal of the service, wandered restlessly over the faces of the crowd, and he seemed to pay. but little atttention to the words of the clergyman. The condemned man then knelt down with the attendant clergyman, and delivered a lbhg ,extempore prayer. During its delivery, a conatatnt knooking at the enouter gate was followed by the measured tread of the Vulunteers thlrough the corridor of the entrance, and about sixteen members of the force entered the enclosure under the command of Sergeant H?erley and drew up at the left-hand side of the scaffold, the orders being givebn in a loud voice, and the necessary manmnvres bseig executed with a seeming indifference to the solemn scene being enacted at the foot of the aseaffold-the rattling of arms talling discordantly on the last wvords of prayer from the dying man. Tihe police, under the command :f Sub-Inspector Elliott, were drawn up on the rightofthe scaffold. Archibald prayed in a clear, piercing voice, and all who heard him were sensibly aeffeted. He said, '"O Lord God I I thank you who hbest permit ted meto live for twenty eight years-the greater portionof which I have spent in in and mosery-andI thank Thee that Thou hast given me a few weeks for repentance-to read Thy blessed Word, and for Thy worship. O Lord, Thou hast shown Thyself to me a God of help of strength- nd of tomfort. I c?re .s little for that coffin before me as for my bed I thank Thee, 0 Lord, for the discharge you hare given me; and I hope thct it may strike terror throughout the world. I have been led blindfolded (P pinioned) to the gallows; 0 God look down and pity me. I thank Thee for my clearance from these dreadful irons this morning; I give myself up to Thee as a living sacrilee, and pray that I may be made wholly acceptable to Thee. Hear m?y prayer, 0 Lord ! God bless my wife and children -direct and protect them; 0 God, bless them. I pray for my enemies, if I have any, and for those who may have committed perjury and may have given false evidence against me, if they did. I ask par don for them; I do not curse them-any of them -I bless them in my heart; and I repent deeply for all that I have done, and I trst 'that they will be as freely forgiven as I foygive them. 0 lord, I thank Thee I hare not an enemy to face; oh, I hope to see all my old friends and relations in heaven. An old friend ofmineas shown by me the other.day a likeness ofeFpy .aviour,and in a fe minutes I shall see my Saviour in reality. 0 God, have merr.y on me, formy Savionrhrist's sake. Amen, amen." The slastaDnen wii ,dwit upon with. reat ferstney and uporent feelint.' The .Bt . kr., Jelkyn then offered up bri abrielnd anest prayer;' The 6ev. Mr. Hartley also offered up a prayer. .Dot g, this time the hangman wa&i; tandi nuandse tf ietul' beam, and silently awaitiing his ,cztiHm. '"1i?hU a haring completed his prayer, expreasead Ieisr'tlaB place the flowers he'held in hii hand 1hist cdlnfl request was complied with, and he walked e'st the foot of the drop to the rftheend,'u i h a ' where the ooffn lay. The lid'nwa lifteda bynef ot guol oficrs, and, with his pinioned r Arci'in g ,laced the flowers where his ,head wasio soon 'lie., We appeared pleased that his wsh in thi?e r tol-'ir complied with, and walked baclt~ ilyto theafot tthe steps. He mounted them with a steady tread,tia ede by the Bei. Mr. Carson and attended by the diso the ministersend the gaol 'oicials. A?l.' i ee'ti",aa . snid.-" Thatkse beto Gbod I am dlimbhitii'Hei i." On reaching the platform he was p0a 'iealthti beam by the eiecationer, and the idrop? :hiquibcly adjusted round his nek. Before the cap w:jdrawn over his eves. Archibald advanced to the frto rail o the platform and said-" Dear friends,IT wies'htS few kLind words to you before my-6epaore *6etig4W wicked, world. I hope my'·aud elF.?n '4 ri fl warning not only to you who iin0t teie 4l whole world. I well say nothingtebetuiybi-dL( bles my countrymen who foiodil.i btyonai, " judge also, and ble slo is sb ul, Jand 'God abide ,+.ti ¢ him, and long may .he live to tidm?nlter e and mercy. I trust that thosewhho ive ols M t0o wilfal perjury against use, .if thiey° have:doffs i that the Lord will forgive them. I hauetea ~ for them late and early, and I want to show you that there is a gt dealiof Sifsence between me and a man who has animal courage for to gommit a murder. A man who 6haiioi-e ,oureageroaelad able to walk up and meet hIib doom bat'I weamk show that the strength I have in got fromsbove from the Almighty. It ean nabt dromeny uphaud-f beast that any bleaokguard might make that died gamee Godtogre'sthosaed 'mae*me-fromtriel boast being madeby sfan blDusedhabt'dledIekill a man, or died like ?ur.. thaktGod itis betterthanm that, and I believe Id'isetacay.ielth easriatisthiP I trust yon.willll smeet mb in.r~faren. .I am ania. educated man; il-dn:a sy-pasifnl positono!, li not addrhns youi +ines lIn?oge--nl-y.Jle'ib have go. tt what ,asy sll baas ted-jti b whole -o?ft no. I true-theat at ll- , men- geatuoaly, vill keep company,, and. reoeorsee, ej old friends that I see amongst thes"a will"give g parB thuse;nth+lp? . and m.telt wpod 1,. thtat,~ gq? he; eir and th'at tih~ y·eur- temi eesgrd1Ieo.$l P emile on 7dol lips, as Ie e Z e 11sr ' Ohriotmasand ,happy New .u:i L ? going for haie sine with: thefnu!Bi We4. well fbarewell'" :illee scp skrsthIi Pn his fae~,nd bee as placed inate theJeu '"; e thein said;'AlAl rightgoodrby)ehf."iddedeasi g man named Dav its1 tsiriwew? p qlm be wseo00 tomed to call by the name o~fstlerj n g head aside ald, "'I weat?osi. Hartley."! He theln c 'hao da t and Mr. Jenky. T'he Ber.Mr.l -" Into Thy eioful hu eside, d' the soul of Thservauan shtoow& , the body. rleeive: hin; weh ??ejy . O God I into the armo-of Thynimery. faith waver nor his hope fail.' e dio?dsfpeid. rest in hope-and rise in -glory." Thenaki Archibald by the hand, he saedi-"Deari?anle God, the Father, who bath' ateld tele G~ od0 the Son, who hath redeemed thdee' Goda .H . Ghost, who hbthminfoeed?ingkot? l-e and .eermore.h, deshy eioi?ed.is' last trial, and bring thee toeveelatingiifel After the prayer he shook hmat swithtrI,i stoodssflent a moment. In a voles fall ofeatlnrie?s then paid, "'The Lord have; meroy Onmeand! - addressing the orowdl, heskl Let' inbmb"eiu ?y one word for me-let me1 eianro say, ".T'e Lord have meroy on my poorsoll " mm the erowd easmaie one unanimlonason ip d words, "The ledrdeen? ?oe r 'nloll his easrhe' eid, in s hopefid voice, . Great God-now I die hapipy"' ?Bt s"ei k ' another prayer-"Oh I let yourhearteJein Oh, merciful GodI Thou who sot rwi l c \- ." At this moment the bolt was.dewne, soul of Alexander Archibald was l~~obedi eternity. He appeared to suffer no pi,. s.slg almost instantaneous. The ironrels~c.k. . upon the prisoner nine weeks ego yetrda . 'gt* being senteneed, fears were entertained fors days that he contemplated. eterveg '".nielf death. But it se bsegoatl pesec 'th fears were groundleu. Aee'?hold t I' that he had noe such intption', sentence produced no deep and depeesinAn efot on' him as to deprive him.of all appetite.. Sven'weeks ago Arohibald wes unable to aead, e:hid osaitthe benefloial ?feots of the religions- minis~iathtisti'kti by the gentlemenattendiqg Palmer.andWilliam, and he was induoced to listen more willingly to their eo hortations. Binoe then he tried b?rto lemarn toid and was eeabled st the last toread a chapter ot of the Bible. Duringthe first weeks of hisonflhembt? } he appeared tobshrink with horror from thesight oYJ the gollowo duripg his hours preferoiseinctheliopisonod' yard. He alterwards became;reconiledrtothe ights and within the last few days.seeme? to-lodr theoi' lst bour to come. f01 l~ae sis wife.had wisaited him everes day, and prayed with:htpisaeesesemedesheo ot~ that she should join hebr prayers with his... It his needless to :remar that she l.ust 'isi ?-eirees' i 'di this respect. Mr. Carson attended him during Tuesday forenoon, and his wife visited him early in the afternoon. She left him about half-past four o'clock for the last time on earth, The parting between them was very affecting. Shortly a:;ft r. Jenkyn and :-r. atley wer . jp.attendenee. 'They,, lef aboutlalf-.past eie o'clock, and lr,(aou,,e.m? mnaned with him forabput npethp rra f+Lr.Hart.--i ley and Mr. Jenkys.ietiared about ten o'elookt-ahd remanted in the.s condemned tell until about' tonee o'Eclitil inthe moring. Archibald expressed amesdre to ralppin seup all pig t, hult .raspepraded~to take,,! sae irest.' "'He slbpt until about Ph?.'-psll.sso'clock, and Meeoe..nertley and Jenkyu were again with him' atfiSe b'lock" from which time ,till .b tar~usqutarte past evefn they read and ea wid wt m, and rsang ,, the well-known hvmn-'" Therp.is aladof ure dea:; light," when the ?ev. Mr. Carson arrivted,;pd -tRss . engaged with him until- the irons were knocked off. Doring this opnrtniouel--chih6 dlappeared quite se signed teo his f?e. expressed him f as ve. grateful to all the gaol ofBcials, ep? y.to . Donnelly for the kindnessashown him ouring his confinement. The body was: removed -for enter-' ment to the cemetery yesterday ;forenoon.. The L foneral was numerously attended, the -ministere.s~ who had attended him in. his last momento.: ofnlcating on the occasion. Alexander Archibald was a native of Forthshire, in Scotland, from whence he came in 1851 to New Zealand, when he was ten years of age he moved after a time to Castlemaine, then to . Gipps Land, then to Melbourne and Beechworth;and next to Thule station on the Murray, in New -South - Wales. then to Bendigo, where be got married in 1862 moved to Dunedin, in New Zealand, in 1863, and,. came to Rockhampton in March, 1864. We unde - .r stand that Arehibhald tolda person here, falsely asI? . seeme, that he was in South Australia before hecame .; to Raookhampton, and that he came up here becans' whilst a youngster he behad committed an assa?ult on a policeman on a racecourse in South Australia, andded to avoid the consequences., Since he arrived here he - has bieen engaged in hone-dealing, and at everyrace.- , meeting here he was a prominent and noisy fiure. About the end of laet year, he took the Lion ueek ... Hotel, and it was there that the plan was m mUsrae which resulted in Halligakn's murder--nd his own death on thegallowe. 