GHOST OR NO GHOST. (From the Bristol Times, June 2.J AT or about midnight of tho 23rd ot last month, two grave and elderly gentlemen wore returning from tho villago of Cholvoy to Brockley. They hud spent the evening togethor at tho former placo, engaged with their host, in quiet conversation upon tho ordinary topics of the day : and they sot out togethor cn thoir way homo in a vehiclo drawn hy tho doctor's horse-a well- broken, Bteady, and experi- enced loadstcr. The doctor drove. Tho rector Bat by his sido, both silont, staid, and contemplative. Tho roud was narrow hut open, and tho night was still fino, and clour ; there was no moon, and tho travellers had no lamps. Thoy had proceeded buta short distunco whon tho horse ovinccd a nervousness very uncommon to tho animal, and more thun onco showed a disposition-now to - hale, now to turn, and anon to hurry forwurd on tho extreme roadside. Tho doctor, roused to unwonted altontion by tho timidity of his favourite and reliablo horse, cast his oyes forward along tho road, directly in tho centre of which, a sight met them thnt gavo a straugo Bhouk to his own strong nerves. Hurrying on, with no appearance of muscular effort- turning neither to tho right nor to tho left, a tall figuro, druped in a long cloak, reaching nearly tho ground, Heated, rather than walked, beforo them, Tho doctor, without speaking to his companion, ookod long enough upon tho weird figure to noto lthose startling particulars, and to arriva at tho con elusion in his own mind that ho was tho subject of a spociul and peculiar illusion. Looking upon tho spectro with tho feeling of a more mun of science, und quieted rather than alarmed by tho nature of tho appearance which lie had now no doubt was visible only to his own disordered sonso of sight, ho occupied himself in a hurried oxumiuutian j of his "own physical condition, . in which, ho'wovcr, ho dutoutcd none of the expected I symptoms. Ho was strong, calm, sound in health, collected and clear-physically and monlally. "Nevertheless." murmured tho doctor to himself, ' " this is a marked and decided caso of opticul illusion for which X may yet find somo cause." " Didjyou Bpeak," said tho Bector, in subdued tonos. " I did-involuntarily," ropliod the doctor, speaking also scarcely above a whisper. " In speaking, involuntarily, were your thoughts , and spoeoh addressed to tho . thing' beforo us, my friend F" asked tho rector. " Good God, yea. Do you, too, seo what I havo for tho last fow minutes beou observing P" " I havo seen nnd am Booing with you," quietly responded tho rector. " Look moro carefully to your horso, speak to it checringly and soothingly, and lot us go on." . Tho Doctor obeyed ; hut even his well-known voice foiled to quiet tho. now trembling animal, tho management of which was becoming evory moment inure difficult. " Thil caa't go on : WA had better alight, or, wail or turn hack," observed the Doctor, Btnving in vail to guide the now unmanageable horse. They had hy this time roached a wider part of thi road across which led a still broader. Lying in thi centro of this crossing was a triangular bit of turf bare and treeless. Upon this spot the figure vanished ; and the horse stoppod refusing to pas: beyond it. " Doctor," whispered the Rector, " we aro alone, Were you watching ?" "Not carefully, enid the Doctor, half out oi breath with his exertions in repressing the frightened horse, "not carefully; but I think it went to tho right." "Nay," replied the Rector, "neither to the left nor to the right : neither upwards nor downwards. I marked it accurately to the last ; it faded, died out, disappeared-not suddenly, but slowly-ns surely as you and I are togothor here." No small amount of time and care were necessary to get the horso home ; and from an animal famous for its steady strength,of nervo, courage, and doci- lity, it has become, within tho few days that huvo transpired, aa nerveless and timid ns a fawn. This is all. While I sit hero in tho Doctor's sanctum, transcribing the notes of his journey from Chulvoy to Brockley, tho Doctor ia collecting und comparing coses from tho dry and uninviting volumes littered unon tho tublo and tho door, turning only occasionally from theso to tho latest reports of tho learned societies upon optics, or to the splendid, but to me, unintelligible, theorems of Brewster. Tho rector-an old tutor of his college is hero, too, tracing innumerable diagrams with tho viow of reducing this nppooranco and disappearance to some law of physics. Nothing, reader, will come of their labours. You and I know that. Professor Sohoff wa* hero, but ho has gono away up thc Coombe, sneeringly. ' Professor Schoff and my old friends have had a difference, and have been hard upon oaoh other. Professor Schoff insists that the two learned noodloss saw a reflection of their horso and themselves, built up, pyramid-fashion, and cast feebly upon the white road by tho light of tho old moon, which being in its lost quartor, would be oh tho south-eastern horizon ut that hour; and being thero would cast distorted, ~ faint, and elongated images of just sufficient dis- tinctness to frighten horses or - other animals. Thus of tho appearance. As to tho disappearance, Professor Sohoff says that tho shadow, being faint and thia, would disappear upon thu darker ground of the grass plot, for want of that contrast in field and shadow afforded by the whiter road. Professor Schoff bunged tho study door as ho ' went out, and tho effect of tho loud report upon my norves proves to mo that I, for ono, must side with the doctor nnd tho roctor, who havo thrown asido their books, papers, und instruments, and now believothat. they saw a "thing" of which , thoy cannot, and ought not to attempt a furthor descrip- tion of elucidation. Hah ! Professor Schoff has gone : hut old Betsy ÏProdgon, who was horn in tho parish of Brockley well nigh sevonty yours ago, is in tho kitchon, and this, in substance, is what I overhear her saying " Mrs;. Hucker (sho is addressing tho rectory cook) tho. greatest of fools aro tho wiso fools. ?I am angered to hoar what you 6uy of tho dis- cussion in ' tba study by tho rector, doctor, and Professor. Bays of ineidenco-reflection refraction -- convergence ?-divergence-nugles-foci and rubbish ! What hus those blasphemous terms or the blasphemous scionco to which thoy refer, to do with what thoy havo seen ? Shamo upon their unbelief! Listen, ma'am. Just ninoly-four years ago tho rector of this parish was tho Rov. Mr. Hubcrtson,-a hungry, reckless, spendthrift. Tho miser is hungry and reckless : but the spendthrift, .Mrs. Hücker, would draw bills upon his wifo's repu- tation or his children's broad to rniso coin to squander upon tho gratification of his dopravod tastes or idiotic cravings. No wonder thou that this should happen- Parson Hubcrtson cooked a willi It was dono in this wiso. In tho carly barking season of 1776, James Stevens, tho then woodward of tho Brockley Manor, was mortally injured by tho fall of a treo in tho Park, and was carried, crushed and mangled, into tho kitchon of the Rectory. Tho parson, and an old und wicked collogo friond of his, who was staying with him us n guest nt the time, provided a means for tho removal of the dying man to Ohelvey, where ho livtd, and accompanied him homo. James Stevena's wife and children recoived tho mournful procession, ami saw in thoir agony that tho sufferer's very hours wore numbered. James Stevens had been a striving und a successful man ; and jt was pretty got orally known that ho had a largo sum lying -in ono of tha Bristol banka to his credit-£500 und moro us it proved to be. Parson Hubcrtson, and Mis colliigo friend, and a man-servant of tho lutter, sat up through tho night; and bóforo tho morning that, succeeded it, James Stevens died, having previously signed a will drawn up bj- his friendly watchers, wholly, as tho dying mnn behoved, in favour of his wifo and children ; but wholly, us it turnod out to bo, in favour not of them or either of them, but of Parson Hubortson! Widow Stevens ' diod twonty years lator in tho workhouse ; and her childrou went forth into the world penniless. Parson Hubcrtson diod later, at tho Rectory ; and hiä end was hard and frightful. Parson Hubortson's body was buried, but his spirit was never laid ; and ut barking timo in every year, and to this day, that spirit appearing in tho hard outlino of tho tali form it occupied in tho body, makes n journoy to nnd fro nt midnight between Cholvoy and Brookley ; hnd tho draped figuro seen by the rector and doctor was j Parson Hubertson's ghost." 