THE MONTH. The . political position is , that the House of Parliament .is. on' tile- eve of closing' its doors. Last night Mr M'Culloch said that there, was not much Government business on the paper to. dispose of; the Estimates would be got through in; the course of the evening, and then the., only other question was the Loan Bill for water supply— that ought not to tako many nights to dispose of, and then would. come the end, which would give hard-worked members time to refresh them selves for a' season. - The question of the re gulations for postage on letters from Europe to .Australia will, the Chief Secretary said, be inquired into, by the outgoing mail. There is uncertainty here as to whether they so apply or not. The important ques tion of abolition' of State-aid to religion has advanced to the stage of the House adopting the report of committee. The bill provides for the abolition of the aid at the end of five years. ,The '£50,000 which will thus gra dually bo retained in the public coffers pre paratory to no such .claim being entertained will free the Government from a good deal of money pressure, and it was remembered that the item is: sufficient to pay the in terest oh at least a million pounds sterling, which could be spent in completely changing the character,, of, fhis' country by providing the funds for a, water supply to a vast area of it. There needs not another argument in favour of ; the abolition being carried but. The question: of payment of members re mains in a /state;. of- suspense; but it is likely that it will be made a subject for in quiry when candidates -at the next general election' 'come before ! the constituencies. During the1 prorogation a conference of dele gates from the whole of the Australian Governments" will' meet in Melbourne, when a scheme of federation will be. discussed. The removal of the Imperial troops from the Colony : has givorv . rioo - aotoiig— nml' 'UiVbroifiod oppression of opinion. ' ' The last phase the discussion of the subject is briefly this— We want to. keep a certain, number of Imperial troops with us, but the Imperial Government won't guarantee their presence in time of war, which is very like the selfish policy of the glutton who expressed himself ready- to share his dainties with a full man, but not with a hungry one. As troops are more ornamental than useful in time of peace, and as their raison d'etre is the possi bility of a. time of 'war, it is obvious that war- time is the moment, when we need them most, or, rather, when we need' theni at all. To the terms of the Imperial Government accordingly we demur, and due notice lias been given of the withdrawal of the contin gent that at present does, duty .on the St. Kilda road. It was apropos- of this notice that Mr Fellows , moved that .Parliament should, convey its "anxiety .'for an extension of the date at which the wi thdrawal is fixed, on the ground that some , scheme should be organised to, supply the igap.. that. w;ould.be left in our defences. As a ' disciplined and really effeqtive force is not got together in a week, a considerable interval must elapse before a substitute could he found. The ar gument of the Government, however, went: to show, that they had no outlines of such a scheme to ' disclose, and no data at their command on which to construct one/. In this dilemma they could n6t' coincide with Mr Fellows's recommendation/ And in some respects, thipy were right, while.ih others Mr Fellows wns not wrong. His motion has clearly brought out the/fact that there, is no time to lose in arriving, at some settle ment of the matter, while the Ministry have adduced some .plausible reasons for demur ring to his way of settling it. The Immi- . gration-Ghost is laid, and for .the present the public may breathe in comparative freedom from that awful visitation. Several months at , least must pass before the. apparition can rise again, and iii tjie intorval the prose cution of the railways and other publio works may put the labour question on alto- . gather a new. footing. The . Regulations of the Government do as little to promote im- migi ation as could possibly' be contrived, and everything has- been done to keep out the loafer and pauper, in whom the artizan of Victoria expects to find a competitor in the labour market. The amendment thai was introduced into tho bill at the last mo ment at the suggestion of Mr Duffy, for the partial romoval or modification of the Nationality qualifications, is really a very large concession to the cosmopolitanists, and everybody seemed satisfied except, of course, Mr Higinbotham, who is fast taking his place as the Grumbler-general of the Assem bly. Ireland, as every one knows, is se riously disaffected towards England, and Mr Higiubothain, of all men, has discovered tbnt to offer thorn facilities for coming to Victoria in any numbers is seriously to en danger tbo Victorian connection with the mother country. The politician who yester- day was framing resolutions couched in a tone of impertinent and provoking defiance towards the English Government and the English public, has suddenly determined that the presence of tho Irish immigrant in Vic- toria might be interpreted as an insult in Downiug-street, and " tor this roason he was sorry the Government had not main- tained tho restriction as it was before." If tho Irish were not desirable immigrants a fortnight ago, nothing has occurred to make them less desirable at the present It is pos sible he is pursuing some remote policy of his own, and that his eccentric behaviour is really carefully adjusted to the prosecution of some design in the future. In other words, it may be that Mr Higinbotham has split off from his former associates, because they will not become instruments in his hands for carrying the crotchets which he has lately aired before the country. A now party may be in course of organisation, whose principles and politics shall be more after Mr Higinbotham's heart, more in ac cordance with the spirit that drew up the re solutions against the British connection, and anathematised tho mercantile classes, as fit only to be hewers of wood and drawers of water to the rest, of the community. A Ministry in which the Smiths and the Vales should. be Mr Higinbotham's lieutenants would probably fall in with his humours, and execute his orders to his entire satisfaction. To stop Immigration, to prevent Federation, to out the British connection, and to abolish the Upper House, are undertakings, we are afraid, of too gigantic an import to be managed successfully by such tools even in Mr Higinbotham's hands; and the best recommendation his friends could offer him would be to relinquish any designs of this kind to another generation of Higin- bothams. The' season seems likely to prove one of the wettest wiulers tlio colony lins seen for many years past. The heavy rains which have visited the adjoining colonies seems to be giving us a tasts of their copiousness all over the country, and complaints nbout tho stata of 'the roads are becoming general. Even tho metalled ronds are beiug terribly cut up where the traffic is great, and another month or two of this wet weather will-render miles of them impassable. The state of the bush and unmade ' roads may be imagined, especially where the track is confined by fences on either side. Tho quantity of rainlias varied considerably in different part's of this colony; while it has only beenT2'80in. near Melbourne since the commencement of tho year, no less than 28'tUin. had fallen liist week at Beechworlh,' ac cording to the register at the survey office. ' We have hnd a lesser quantity here, but the full at Beechwortlr is enough for a whole year's supply. Truly the ground is getting 9 sufficient soaking this- winter to reuovate the old springs -of water, so many of which failed" last - summer - and ''the summer before. Although the weather has not been so bad as in New South Wales, ploughing is very backward, farmers '/only beginning to break upland now for crops, which ought, to have been done some two mouths' ago. The ploughing matches referred to in our last month" -have come off. The Kyncton society's annual plough ing matqh .also came off/ last week on Mr Car- rington's land, near Piper's Greek. The ground chosen there was a piece of old grass land,, and was bo hard, notwithstanding the rain, that 'many of the meh'were disqualified for' not having their, lots of a tjiird of an acre . each, ploughed within the time— five hours. ' The greatest competition that has taken place in / double-furrow ploughs was at the Ballarat match last , week,- when no less than eleven" were entered, and one, the plough which -gained- the -day, .was exhibited publicly for the first time in this colony.' It will he remembered that at Gisborne, Messrs T. Robinson arid Go:; of this city, competed with a new plough (with stilts) by Sellar- and Son, of Huntly. It appears that another by the same maker had . arrived, but could not. be got ready before tlie Ballafat'meeting. /. It iis/' on Pine's patent principle, without stilts, and made by far the beet work of the lot.' The ' ground chosen was a piece of wheat stubble, but the chocolate ' soil had -boon ;trbddon_protty 'firm -by olioop oinod the crop was taken off. Half an acre was the extent of ground allotted to each' man, ;;aud the competitors with single ploughs had their' work mostly done within the; six hours. The publica tion of the Agricultural Statute shows that the settlement of the .colony is , progressing, at a rapid'rate. The.,' immense area of land bronght tinder cultivation, is n cloar index to this. The Government has definitely 'refused to' place on the Estimates the usual vote for the Board of Agriculture, and so there will be no money this year for the agricultural societies. The Chief Secretary has been elected, president of the mori bund Port Phillip Farmers' 'Society, but we much mistake the humour of the couutry if, at the next election., the agriculturaU'co'riBtituencies //do/iiot uihrk their disapproval of the coriduct of both the president nud secretary of the society. A re- construction of the board on a working basis will be attempted. The religious heresy to wliioh reference lias been made previously, 'has assumed, the; form of " Universalistb." ' Tlie local apostle's have put forth the following as their answer to inquiries into the principle of the faith promulgated. First : — That thore is one God, tho Infinite Father of all, SeoqpdT— That man, as the offspring of this, Infinite Pareut. is His highest representative ou earth ..; .that .Jesus , of . Nazareth, liavjug; fully lived out the divine elements of our humanity, was the most complete embodiment of tho Father's goodness which we can contemplate; that each man has, by yirlue of God's parentage, within him, an 'element of divinity, wliioh is ever prompting him to do right, and which will ulti mately. free: him from. all imperfections .incident to the rudiraental for earthly condition! Third — That. man, as a spirit, is immortal ; that deatli is but the birth into) knottier condition of life, where tlie soul retaius ita experiencea of the past, and where development or progression is its endless destiny. Fourth- — That the spiritual world is not fur off, but is.near to. aud encompasses us., in our present' existcric'e." Fifth— Tliat he who' loves tlie Infinite Father witli all his heart, and his neigh bour us himself, has begun to enjoy eternal hnppiuess, whatever inay be his. race," or' wlmt- sover kind may be his religious opinions. Sixth — That what is called / evil' is but the; corrup tion of that wliioh 'was 'originally good, tlie latter Incoming perverted by our material nature not being sufficiently under the contr.il and guidance of the soul. Seventh— That the exeassive yield ing to the material, nature id, for the most part, punirihed in this life,' though the soul, after tlie physical change called ' deatli,' also suffers there from, but these sufferings are not etornah Eighth That Divine inspiration,. or tho promptings to the human soul from tlie Infinito Parent, is not a miracle of past ages, but a perpetual fuot. Ninth —That tho; Creator ; in tho beginning made natural laws for the governmeut of our -world, - . nii'd those laws have never since been varied, . altered, or departed from. Mr G. 0. Leech, who is the very head and front of this heretical body; has stirred tho orthodox divines to public action ngaiust him. Of course this action in - these later days ia confined to argument. . It would show far raoro reliance on tlie doctrines Protestants advance, if their teachers would follow the example set by the Catholic clergy of tho town, and decline to interfere with rnen in matters of conscience. The Van. Arch deacon Crawford and tho Rev. Boyd M'Cay, Imve delivered utterances ngaiust "Universnlisra" and taken other means to promulgate their views, i'his keeps nlive public interest in the religious warfare. Mr Leech is invited to Sandhurst fur next Sunday, to give an inaugurate address on the founding of tile sect there. No doubt he will take opportunity to touch each of the princi ples enumerated, but; however lio may deal with the important part assigned him, he will com mand tlie attention of n largo audience by his eloquent display of the scholar and man of re search among letters, The Wesleyan body have in the interval of the three weeks since the departure of the last mail opened a new chapel at Guildford, when the Rev. Joseph Albiston, of Maldon, preached in the morning and evening, and Mr Etchells, of Castlemaine, in the afternoon. On Monday eveniug the tea took place in Church's large Assembly Hall, presided over by Mesdames Merrifield, Thompson, Waterworth, Dorman, and the Misses Spencer, Thompson, Temby, Myring, Laver, Richards, M'Grath, and Bowing. The chapel will seat 200 persons. After the tea an adjournment was made to the chapel, when Mr Le Ferrier was voted to the chair. Among theo speakers was the Rev. P. Wells, of Sandhurst. It is purposed to hold a bazaar in aid of the funds required for the repairs of the Presbyterian Church early in August. The Rev. Mr Finklestein, a Christian Hebrew gave a lecture in the Baptist Church, on the " Ten Lost Tribes." The subject was one which gave opportunity for allowing the necessity of re- taining the old testament amongst our canonical books. A branch of the Irish Australian Benefit Society has, by the exertions of the Rev. Father Macnamara, been launched in this district. On Monday evening Iast the St. Mary's Lodge was opened. The Rev. Fathers Allen and Macnamara were present, also District President Nolan, and District Secretary Kearney, of the parent society in Melbourne. The following elections were made:— President, Mr Thos. Doran ; vice-pre sident, Mr Edmund Geennane; secretary, Mr Matthew Cunniff; treasurer, Mr Thomas Kerrigan; guardians, Mr William Quilliam and Mr P. Duffy; almoners, Mr P. Mitchell and Mr P. M'Gowan. At Golden Point a lodge was also opened with the following office-bearers : — Pre sident, Mr Kerrigan ; vice-president, Mr Lock; secretary, Mr Safe ; treasurer, Mr Egan. At a lodge opened at Green Gully, Sandon, the follow ing have been appointed officers : — President, Mr Rochford ; vice-president, . Mr L. M'Donnell; secretary, Mr A. Kirwan, J.P. ; treasurer, Mr. Thos. Maher. A lodge opened at Ma'don next day: — President, Mr P. Woodlock ; secre tary, Mr W. Ando; treasurer, Mr J. Tohin. An- ntlior lodge of this sooiety, called St. Patrick's Lodge, No. 12, was opened at Fryer's Creek. The office bearers are ; Mr Coyle, president, Mr O'Sullivan, vice-president; Mr O'Brien, secre tary; Mr D. Coyle, treasurer ; Messrs Ryan nnd Killecn, almoners ; Messrs Murphy nnd Sherlock, guardians. The utmost enthusiasm prevailed, and on the closing of the lodge the members turned ont cn masse and gave tho rev. gentlemen and their companions three henrty cheers ns they drove away. The Sons of Temperance Society hold their first anniversary "social tea" in the Mechamcs'Instituteonthel2thof nextmonth. The society is progressing." Connected with religious and other- societies for promoting the general welfare is closely connected the work of educa tion... -From a valublc report just issued by the Board of Education, wc make the following ex tracts :— The following figures show the state of schools at the end of 1809. As regards' common schools alone, .the increase over 1868 was 61 schools, 5599 childrcn on the roll, and 2076 in average attendance. Total; common schools, 107,524 ; other than -common schools, ;20,117 ; industrial schools and reformatories, 2531 ; total, 130,172. It thus appears that . (out- a population of 699,950) 130,172 are attending schools, being 18;60 per cent, or "lout' of 5-38. ' According -'to a return furnished : by the Registrar- General, it appears that the -total number of children in the colony - at -the end of 1869, between five and fifteen years . of age,, was— Boys, 88,506 ; girls, '87,21.1 ; total, 175,717 ; being a percentage . of 2-1-7-i on tlie total population. Assuming the same proportion for. other than common schools, and .for industrial . schools and reformatories, the number between those 'ages attending such schools is 20,736, or 11-80 of the total population between five and fifteen years of age. It would appear that 119jl85 children between the ages of five and fifteen, .were attending schools, or 67-82 per cehtij' being' 1 out of 1-47, or 2 out of 3 chil dren between five "and fifteen. The commis sioners' appointed' to' inquire into the state of po pular ednwtion' in England,' in their report dated 1861, page. 203, give the following figures as the correct proportion of the number receiving in struction to the .total population in the under mentioned' 'countries " Iii 1'russia; where it is compulsory,' 1 in>6-27; in England and Wales it is, as .we have; seen, .1 in 7-7 ; in Holland, it is 1 in 8-11 ; in France; it is 1. in' 9. Later statistics taken from a volume laid -before Parliament in 1868, containing replies from Iler Majesty's re presentatives abroad to a circular issued by Lord Stanley, requesting information as to technical and ' primary education; give the ' following figures:— Prussia, in-1864,:l out !of 6-18' (p. 530) ; Holland, in 1865, a fraction tinder 1 in 8 (p. 162) France, in. 1863, 1 in 8-62 (p. 132).;' Switzerland, in 1867, 1 in.6;2 (p, 126.) 'In "Vic toria it is, as we have shown above, 1 in 5-38. We know of no instance, of any new country, of the same age in which equally satisfactory results have been produced. -The figures given: show- that the cost to the State for each child isfl 10s 7d, and to the parents or guardians 15s 5 Jd, the percentage being -66-40 in the first case and 33-60 in the second. Tlie percentages for 1867 were 6778 and ' 32-22 respectively, showing a slight/hut satisfactory increase of. 1-38 in the local payments; and a corresponding decrease 'in' the payments by the State. In 1866 the percentiles were, 6753' and '32-47. In reply to ah inquiry addressed to. the inspectors on the 21st. April, as to what rcxtciit the educational .wants of tho colony will, have been met when aid, shull have been, granted to. all localities applying for it, in what particulars the deficiency will exist, and in what localities rural or half-time schools arc re quired, we have received, answers, of which the following is a summary : — Inspectors Sasse, Sir- corn, Gilchrist, Main, Elkington, Bolam, Brod- ribb; and Topp state that the educational re quirements of- the colony will be full' or very nearly provided for, at least as regards the quan tity of education afforded. Inspector Geary thinks" that' sufficient means of instruction will not be given in the Western district, even when rural or half-time schools have been established in all localities which can fulfil the regulations for those schools ; the cause being that popula tion1 is extremely scattered. Inspectors Gilchrist and Brodribb think that the riicans of education will be deficient only in outlying pastoral dis tricts, in the forests, and in half- deserted dig gings. Only thirteen or fourteen places arc mentioned where new schools arc required in ad dition to those for which applications for aid arc already forwarded. To snow how unsectarian these non-vested schools arc, and how freely members of 011c denomination avail themselves of the schools of another, we may quote the follow ing facts from information furnished' from this office to the late Royal Commission. Returns were procured, showing the denominations of 50,162 of the children attending schools. The returns were sent to all schools alike, aud were answered by all in fair proportion. It was found that, of 15,512 children belonging to the Church of England, only 5996 were attending Church of England schools ; of the remaining 9516 chil dren, 0549 were attending, vested aud quasi- vested schools, 1136 Presbyterian, 730 Wesleyan, aud 376 Roman Catholic, and the rest other non- vested schools ; while of 11,563 children attend ing Church of Englaud schools, 5567 belonged to other denominations. Of 11,892 Roman Catholic children, only 6592 were attending Ro man Catholic schools, while 692 non-Roman Catholic were attending their schools/ The Pres byterian is a still stronger case than the Church of England, for of 9746 Presbyterians, only 2009 were attending Presbyterian schools ; while of 4668 children attending Presbyterian schools, 2659 were not Presbyterians. In the case of the Wesleyan denomination, of 8220 Weslcyaus, only 2755 were attending Wesleyan schools ; while of 4907 children attending such schools, 2152 were non-Weslcyans. The same ' holds true of the minor denominations. On the whole, these figures show that, of 45,370 children belonging to these four principal denominations, only 17,352 attend the schools of their own denominations ; while of 28,422 children attending schools con nected with these four denominations; 11,470 were not of the denominations with which the schools were connected ; that is to say, that while nearly two-thirds of the denominations do not at tend their own schools, upwards of one-third of the pupils found in tlieir schools do not belong to the denominations to which the schools belong. As regards vested schools, the return showed that, of 13,925 children attending those schools, 5037 belonged to the Church of England, 2449 were Roman Catholics, 3346 Presbyterians, 1894 Wesleyans, and 1 199 belonged to other denomina tions. There appears to be a false impression in the minds of some persons that common school teachers, as a body, are a very inferior class of men. It is true that some of those in the coun try districts arc of an inferior class ; but the teachers generally, especially those in the centres of population, are of quite as high a class as those found at home; and, judging from the numer ous failures of home-classified teachers to pass our examinations before their certificates were recog nised, wc can have little hesitation in saying tbat the qualifications of Victorian teachers are su perior to those in Great Britain and Ireland. In mining there has been little doing ns re gards the alluvial works, and it is not likely that until the long looked for Coliban water scheme is carried out an alluvial mining revival will set in. In quartz reefing the last two weeks has shown better, and this in especial reference to Wattle Gully, where one of the oldest reefs of the colony continues to be most successfully worked. The tributers of Walker and Co. had 60oz of gold in two weeks, and this is a fair sample of their yields. The Welcome, Diamond, North Briton, and Mona reefs are all retaken up, which is an evidence that enterprise is not dying out with us. A rush has taken place at Pickpocket, Yandoit, contiguous to the Rise and Shine reef. One claim inside Mr Reid's paddock is said to have struck gold at a depth ot 16 feet, and an outside claim at a depth of 26 feet has also struck payable gold. The lead of gold seems to he trending towards Jim Crow Creek. In Mr Ilolden's paddock some Chinese, who bought a portion of it, frequently got as high as half ounce to the ton. At the Nimrod reef the deep ground is not yet touched, but a new party of tributers have taken the Crown claim. At Dcadman's reef, Chewton, the return for one week was 21oz. A private company, formed to work , a reef in. the famous Sailor's Gully, in old Forest Creek, have had encouraging pros pects. The whole of the ground around Lauris- ton is now in a fair way of being taken up for mining purposes. New claims are being marked out nearly every day, some under miners' rights, and more on lease. No doubt now exists of the auriferous nature of the country in and around Lauriston, in fact, quartz reefs, which are very plentiful in this locality, are continually being tested arid proved to be gold-beariug. The Energetic Co. had 400oz for one week's crushing ; a second time over 300oz. . In Lady Gully, at the Sebastopol reef, Straede and Co. crushed 17 tons .from Capper's reef, :whieh: gave IGoz of gold, and several large crushings have given from 3dwt to'Sdwt to the ton. A lot of 48 tons, taken from a reef without a name opposite to Mr Ho man's; at Barker's Creek, gave 13oz. A large nugget' weighing 215oz was sold to the Band of Australasia. It has transpired after, the secret having been well kept that at Green Gully, Middleton Creek, near' Glenlyon, the nugget was found at a depth of 20 feet. A party working an adjoining claim: have for a long time been doing handsomely, but they preserve strict silence. They have on several occasions brought into the bank nuggets of 30oz, 40oz, 60oz and 80oz each, which they stipulated should be cast into ingots, and they have therefore gene rally become monied men . without causing a suspicion of their fortune in the neighbour hood where they steadily keep at work. , A large cake of gold- from the Goldsmith's reef, Yandoit, was also brought to. the Oriental Bank. It weighed 91oz 5dwt, and wns the produce re sulting from a crushing of 17 tons of stone ; it was preceded about a month ago by a . cake weighing 33oz. Some years ago the reef was abandoned as being unprofitable. From au thorised reports we gather that there are 29,094 Europeans and 15,900 Chinese engaged in allu vial miuing ; making the totnl engaged in this brunch of mining industry 45,000. Iii quartz mining there were 10,550 Europeans and 50 Chinese employed, making the total number of souls engaged in mining enterprises at thai date, 02,206. The approximate value of the mining plant is estimated at £2,125,227, which is tlie aggregate of the value of the plant on all the diggings. The value of the plant in each par ticular, district is estimated as follows : — Bella- rat, £595.513 ; Beechworth, £302,257 ; Sand/ hurst, £427,807; Maryborough, £279,211; Castlemaine; £202,070 ; Ararat, £124,110 ; Gippsland, £134,190. It is also stated that 904!j- square miles of auriferous lands were actually being worked, and that 2011 distinct quartz reefs had been; proved to be auriferous. The amount of gqldvobtained during tbo last quarter is esti mated/at 315,880oz 17dwt. The amount of gold actually, ..; exported during the quarter was 357,084oZ'5dwt. No little excitement 1ms been caused, in Taradale by the sudden appearance of the: rightful owner of the land where the late discovery of a very rich quartz reef was made. Ho was supposed to be either deceased ' or removed to some distant climc. ns no clue could be had of him until very lately, although almost -all the Fentons, male and female, in tho colony had been communicated with without avail. However, the real identical turned up, having been found at Warrnambool. It may be imagined that he received a large share of atten tion from all quarters: Ballarat speculators did not connider tho distance too great to pay their atlentions to the fortunate gentleman — of course, disinterested ? Tlie purpose of his visit, to make arrangements for working the reef, being made known, offers of nil kinds poured in, from 10 per cent of yield to £1000 cash, and largo per centage, or even half the gross yield. Arrange ments were madp, after a deal of bargaining, with Mr G. B. Berry and parly. The terms are not stated, but both' pnrties appear satisfied. The reef is within a few feet of that lately discovered by the United- Kingdom Co., and wliioh is now yielding 3J to 4 ounces to the ton. An instance of the good fooling which exists ninongst those engaged in mining, it may be mentioned that Mr Farroll, of Market-Square, lias shown us a handsome gold watch which he supplied to be presented to Mr J. H. Holman, at Taradale, by the workmen of the Central Mine. Along with the watch there is a mnssive coblo chain guard with bar and block locket. Mr Holman has been the mining manager. . The presentation telle the opinion entertained of him. Atriongst the social nnd Bciontific movements of the Inst three weeks n technological sohool has been founded. At the first meeting Mr Horwood occupied tlie oliair, and aritongst the most prominent of those who urged the necessity of soiontifio attainments and the establishment of a sohool for these acquisitions, was Mr Haydan. of Harcourt. Mr Grovor, who is known to bo a student of chemistry, and Mr Mceking, of Wes ley Hill, were also prosent ; and it was an nounced that Mr Elkington, the inspector of sohools, had promised such help as his already well occupied time would allow towards helping the establishment of the school. The Techno logical Commission havo obtained a voto from Parliament, and havo resolvod " That in order to promote tho establishment of schools of. art and design throughout. tlie colony, thore slmll be pnid from the funds placed nt tho dispoBid of the commission by tho Government to ovory school which is conduoted upon principles approved by the commission and open to its inspection, an allowance of 2s Od per qunrtor for each pupil who shall have attended suoli schools at least eight times during tho qunrtor."— -Tho local Volunteers attended the roview in Melbourne on the anniversary of Iler Majesty's Birthday, wliioh wfis a, great success. A friendly rifle match between fifteen of tho Emerald-hill Ar tillery and alike number of tho Cnstlomaino'RifleB has been arranged. The following have been soleoted to praotioo for the mntoli. Each com petitor is requested to file in no less thau three prnctioea before the final selection of the team: — LieutB. Bull and Pallisor, Staff-Sergeant Courtney, Sergts. Bytliell, Irwin, Dougherty, J. J. Courtney, Drysdale, Thurlby, Bull; Corporals SultUmoir, Bisset, and Tompleton ; Privates Allan, Felatead, Cplgan, Rues, Randall, Morson, Rose, Williamson, Brown, Bennett, and Lend- better. Tlio oloventh competition for the Castle maine Rifles Handicap Ohallengo Prize, took place at tho butts on Wednesday and Saturday last. Drill-Instructor Dougherty, being the highest scorer, finnlly wins tho prize, having won itlwioe before. Tlie money prize; takers were senior Stnff-Sergcnnt Courtney arid Sergeant Courtney. The conditions woro seven rounds at 200yds, 500yds, and 000yds. Hytlie, position . Wimbledon tnrgets. A man nnmed Walton, a member of tlie Volunteer oorps, was arrested, charged with obtaining goods in Melbourno under false protenocs. Ho has been sentenced to 12 months imprisonment. Tho departure of Dr Mnokay, the late Returning officer for tho North-Western Province, and coroner for the district, gave occasion for his friends to present him with a very raluablo Bilver tea Borvioe, sup: plied by Mr Garot, of Market Square. Tlie various lodges of benefit societies be attended professionally expressed their good will towards him, with a handsome gold pendent. This beautiful momento is the manufacture of Mr Lyon, of Market Square. Anot ier fatal accident to a Castlemaino miner, while working at Sand hurst, has taken place; The poor fellow has left a wife and large family, as too often hep- pens, quite penniless. His name wbb George Ussher, and tho family residod at Forty- footHill. A subscription is being got up at Sandhnrst for the family, and the example ought to be followed here. A fatal accident also took place at Maldon. A man named John Scott, engaged at the claim of the Union Co., was ascending the shaft stand ing on a bucket, in wliioh there wero somo long drills ; oue of these struok against the side of tho hole, and threw the bucket against the side of tlie shaft, nnd this giving, a jerk to the buckot threw Scott off, when he hnd ascended nearly 100 feet. A quarterly abstract bIiowb the popu lation of Victoria, to be for the last quarter — mules 3177, females 2930; arrived by sea, mnloa 0498, fomulea 2963, making a total addition to the population of 9875 males, and 5899 females, or 15,574 persons. The deaths numbered — males 1803, femalos 1324 ; and departures by sea, males, 5130, females 1992, making a total loss to the population of 0942 males, and 3310 females, or 10,254 persons. The difference between these amounts shows an increase in the population during the quarter of 2733 malos, and 2583 females ; total, 5310. Tho population on tho 31st March, 1870, was — males, 401,316 ; females 314,284; total, 715,000, comparod with, the population on the 31st December, 1809, viz.— males, 398,583 ; females, 311,701 ;. total, 710,284 Tlie births during tlie quarter exceeded the deaths by 2080, viz, 1374 of males, and 1012 of .females. The arrivals exceeded tlie departures by 2330, viz. 1359 males, aud 971 females. The whole increase thus amounted to 5317, viz. 2733 males, nnd 2583 females. Mr Jobson, of Newstend, lias left the district lis has so long been connected with, and gone into business nt Cluues. His friends of Nowstend presented him with an illuminoted testimonial, at a ball given in his honour. A survey has been made of the local Supreme Courthouse, and this will be probnbly followed by the demolition of the tumbling down structure and the erection of a new one. Mr David Blair, M.P., lectured to a large au dience in tlie hall of the Mechahios' Institute ; subject, " Wbat will" Mrs Grundy say ?/' It is proposed to have freqjuent lectures in the. hall during the season, as part of the concert , and readings programme. At Chewton it. is pro posed to renew tho penny readings of previous years. The district has been singularly free from crime. Ah Pew, the raurderor of the.ohild' Annie Hunt, at Glenluce, suffered death after a prolonged consideration of his ense of tho Execu tive. He did not confess his guilt. Burglaries of small dimensions, havo horo numbered two ; be yond this there is no crime calling for special record. Two notorions bushrangers have had their career closed, one who boro tho alias of Thunderbolt, "practised his profession ., in New South Wnlcs, where lie established a reigu of terror. Ho was oliased by , a gallant troopor, named Walker, and shot dead. Tlie Govern ment gave the' trooper £500 and promotion. Another : aoonndrel, named Power, had in Vic- tria become infamous for his exploits. He was courageously captured by three police officers while sleeping, in his bark gunyah, in tlie King river ranges. The great Melbourne Eqnatorinl Telescope,' from which so iriucli was expected, has given rise to great controversy. One batch of scientific men pronounce it a failure,, and the other, bqtch deny it. Time will solve the problem. The nttompt to amalgamate portions of the district into sliiraa has failed, saving in thecaso of Tnradnle, which is now n part of tho shira of Metcalfe. The proposition for tho amalgamation of Guildford with . Frankly nford is just now ,'fo; votirnbly received by those directly interested..-; '/ The following reports. show the prosent condi tion of the local and Melbourne markets .castlemaine wholesale aia1iket. ' The trado in flour for local requirements is'by no means active, but for Melbourne account it is brisk, Prices that seemed at the' close of last woek to be ou the vorgo of risiug have, after an unsteady buoy« ancy rather relapsed, not so miich, however, as to alter, tho quotations, as to make the terms of pur chase easier, 'Wheat has been coining iu more frcely s« far as practicable whon weather permitted; and should be had in quantity at present rates if farmers continue in the same disposition which tlioy now mnnifest. ' Corbet and Rogers roport ! Flour, £10 J0« bran, Is ; wheat, 4s 0a to 4 2d; sharps, la 4d ; pollard, Is Id to Is 3d ; potatoes, £4 10s ; colonial oatmeal, £23. . , , . ; ' MrAitkcn reports: Flour at £10. 10s ; bran, lid; pollard, is id to Xs'3il ; wheat, 4s to 4s 2d. Thompson and Co. re pert : Flour, £10 B s ; bran, lid; pollard. Is to Is 3d; wheat, ooming in freely at from 4s to 4s 2d per bushel. ; . , . , oaj3tlemainb ketail m.vuket. ' " ' " The following are . the ruling retail , pficoi:' — Turkeys, each, 5s to 7s Gd ; geese, 2s Oil to 3s Od ; fowls, per pair, 2s 6d to 4s 6cl ; ducks, per pair, 2s to 3s Cd ; butter, per lb (fresh), Is 2d to lo 4d ; salt buttor, tOd to Is 4d; lemons, 3s per doz ; oheose (col.) Sdto ls4d per lb ; eggs per dozen, is Od to 2s; ham, per lb, IstolsGd; bacon (col.), lOd to Is ; apples, per lb, 2&d; to 6d ; nuts, por lb, Is ; po tatoes, 201b Is; pears, 3d to 6d per lb; onions, per bunch, Id j dry onions, 101b Is ; carrots', Id; ra dishes, per buucb, Id; lettuce, eaoh, Id; oranges, eight for Is ; celery, 3d por root ; turnips, per bunoh, 2d ; honey, 9d por lb ; pineapples, Is each ; oabbages, Id to 6d each ; vegotablo' marrows, Id to 2d eaoh ; lard, 8d to 9d por lb ; watoroross, 3d per bunch ; garlic, per lb; 6d; cocoauuts, Od to 9d ; jam, 9d to Is per lb; grapes, 2d to dd porlb ; parsnips, l)d per bunch. d ... KYNETON MAItKET. . / To-day's markot was hardly so well attended as usual, owing to tbo bad state of the weather, and few sales c-ffooted at the followiug pricos, viz, , wheat (milling samples), 4s 4d to 4i Gd por bushel ; oats fell to 3 to 3s 2d ; potatoes, £2 10s to £3 5s per ton, . jielbotjltne. ' ; Messrs Dnlmahoy, Campbell and Oo.'s roport, 15th Juno:— . Fat Cattle.— Markot gluttod. 1710 head- entorod ; .one half boing disposed of to-day. Notwithstanding this heavy supply prisoB wero woll maintained for boat beef, say 20s por lOOlli ; other qualities -were slightly lower, but closing sales woro Arm at about late currencies. Tboro was a good attendance of town and country buyors ; tho latter bought freely, but somo of tho former havo reserved tlioir pur chases until to-morrow, when wo will offer 210 boad of good quality for Mr Cyrus E. Smith, Grave 1 Plains. Fat Calves.— The show of calves was limited, and mostly inferior, wliioh sold well. Fat Shoop.— 19,967 wero shown, a fair proportion boing good to primo quality. Tlio domaud ruled dull, and sales progressed slowly at a slight reduction on late rates. A draft from Paika wns tho best Northern lot offorod,nnd, as usual, topped. tho mar ket for Rivcrlna shoop, tho prices ranging from 9s to 13s. Wo quoto good to primo mutton, from 2d to 2ti por II), sinking tho offal ; othor qualities in p_ro-> portion. Vory few lambs in tho market, for whioh thore ia no demand at present. 