LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. j ¡ The SPBAKKlt took tho chair at twonty-nino mit past 8. ASHFIELD AND CANTERBURY HOAD. Mr. C. STEPHEN naked thc Secretary for Lar 1\. Whothcrhois awaro tliot tito road hotweon Anti and Canterbury, heretofore used by tho public sufferance through private property, is no longer a ablo ? 2. And that tho road between those pl dedicated to tho public by Mina Carapboll, has r been folioed, inado, or openod? 3. And that tho 1 toes tborcof cannot, theroforo, expend in repair! L30 given thom by tho Government for that ape purpose, whilst that sum is utterly inadequate to n or form such road ? 4. Whether the Governr intend to open, mnko, and fence such road, or to p in tho bands of such trustees such additional sui with tho said L30 will bo sufllciont for tho purpose Mr. FORSTER replied-I. Tho Government hov intimation to that effect. 2. It is not tho prnctic tho Government to fence or formally open roods d coted to tho public by owners of property. 3. Ho not aware that any obstacle existed to the cxpendil of the L30, whioh was all that was considered nc sari'. 4. Tho Government had no such intentiot present. METEOROLOGICAL INSTRUMENTS. Mr. "WILSON asked tho Colonial Seorotnry -1, ' names of tho stations to which meteorological insi mcnts have boen supplied in accordance with request of tho Agricultural Socioty ? 2. What inst mcnts havo been supplied to each station, and w] will tile Government begin to publish tho results ? Mr. COWPE ll, in roply, lnid on tho table a rotun tho instruments supplied ¡ which was ordered to printed. GOLD-FIELDS.-REPORT AND RETUBN. Mr. FORSTER laid on tho table a report of cc missioners on a matter affecting the Gold-fields ;alsc return.of lease» of auriferous tracts. DISCHARGE OF SOLDIERS FROM THE COLONY. Mr. COWPER laid on tho tnblo a despatch from i Secretary of State in reference to tho dischargo soldiers from tho colony. Tho abovo documents wero ordered to bo printed. MEMORIAL FROM OWNERS OF ORCHARD! AND GARDENS. »Mr. HILL, without notice, asked tho Colonial Tn stirer if ¡io bod any objection to lay on tho table of t House a memorial addressed to tho Into Treasurer certain owners of orchards, vineyards, gardens, ko. ? Mr. SAMUEL Baid ho would lay tho memorial bofe tho House. OASE OF MR. YARNTON. Brr. FARNELL, as chairman of tho select commitf on tho claims of George Swinnertou Yarnton, broug up their report on tho case. PETITION PRINTED. Tho petition from municipal delegates, rolotivo to t licensing of public- bouses, was ordered to bo printed. BENEVOLENT SOCIETTY'S BILL. Tho Benevolent Society's Bill, on a formal motio was road a third time, passed, and transmitted by mc sago to tho Legislativo Council. CONSOLIDATED REVENUE FUND BILL. Tho orders of the day Nos. 1 ami 0 woro postponi till after No. 12. BIr. SAMUEL then moved tho second reading of tl Consolidated Revonuo Fund Bill. It was n bill provide for tho present month, nnd wns ronden necessary by tho delay in passing tho estimatos. Tho motion was passed, and the bill was road scconil time. Clauses 1 to 3, authorizing the appropriation < L121.000 for tho sorvico of March, 1870, wero posse without amendment or debate. Thc Chairman left the chair and reported th bill, without amendment, to the Houso, Thu roport was adopted, and tho third reading wt made an order of tho day, by consent of tho Houso, fo to-day, after No. ll. At a subsequent period the bill was read a third time passed, and transmitted by mcssago to tho Legislativ Council. PUBLIC P.OADS BILL. Btr. FORSTER moved that tile Public Roads Bill bc read a third time. BIr. WILSON moved, as on amendment, that ih bill bo recommitted, with a vion- to roeonsidor th 12th clauso. Ho Baid ho bolteved no mensuro was eve proposod in this Houso that was calculated to hav snell a bad effect on tho settlomont of tho country n this 12th clause. It took away tho right of tho Govern mont to mnko roads where the right of roads bad bee] resol ved. In nearly all tho grants to carly colonists th right to tako roads was reserved ; nnd thore wa granted nn cxtonsion of area to compensate th grantees for tho reservation of the right to mnko ronda It wns now proposed to toko from the Government th right to mnko ronds through tho grants where it bai been reserved. It was iuipossiblo in ninny cases to foreao where roods would ho required j and tito consequence of taking from tho Government tho right of makin; roods would bo disastrous to tho progress of settlement Governmont had boon proven ted from making road from tho great expenso involved in putting up fences Supposing a road to be required for access to tho lani of two or tinco poor men, in a caso where tho compen sntion for opening a road would amount to soini thousands-tho Government would novor make roach unless thoy wero compelled. And having in thii colony twolvo millions of acres alionotcd, and 19; millions to bo nlionntcil, ovory facility ought to bi ottered for sottlcmont. No doubt in somo oases property was much injured by having roads nindi through it. Thoro wns tho enso of BIrs. Onkos, on on: of tho Northern rivers. That was the only coso of reo] hardship bo remembered to havo mot. No tuan likcil n road to bo made through Ids property. But individuals must mnko sacrifices for tho benefit of tho wholo. Nc niau liked to bo taken away from his business to servo on a jury. So with the making of roads. 1'ho public will demand tho opening of roads for tho sottloment of tho country. Ho bolicvcd tho passing of this 12th clauso would act as n positivo voto on tho opening of roads that wero required for -tho public good. As for arbitration, ho know that when tho Government went to arbitration thoy were mndo to pay ten times what they ought in justieo to pay, and often much moro than that. Considering tho numbor of roads necessary, and tho great hardships oxistingin tho wnnt of ronda, bowns surohon. mom bers would not, on reflection, consont to this clause. Ho was glad to know that all who had boon commoted with tho dopnrtmont of roads- oxcept tho Blinistor for Lands-took tho somo viow ns ho (BIr. Wilson) did. Ho folt justified in making this objection now, as ho had not tho honour of a seat iii tho House whilo this bill was going through com- mittee. BIr. FORSTER would tako tho opinion of tho Houso, by cnlling for a division on tho amendment. The hon. member (BIr. Wilson) was entitled to bo beard with respect on such questions, as ho had boon Blinistor for Lands, and stood high as a public mon. Ho wns, how over, mistaken in supposing that this question was not fairly discussed. Almost ovory thing tho hon. member lind said had boon said substantially by other hon. members in tho various discussions thnt hm] taken place on this bill. Tho cliango involved in this bill wns n chango based upon n bettor principio-tho principle of jiiRttco. Thoro would not bo such a great di deronco ns tho hon. mombcr supposed botwocn tho prosont and tho proposed system. Tho I2th clauso was not in favour of groat landod pro. prictors, but of a largo numbor of small landed pro. priotors. Tho hon. gentleman roforrod to a caso which showed tho nccossity of such a chongo. Ho (Mr. Forster) boped BIrs. Oakes would receive compensation somo limo or other. But WOB it not hotter that thoy should award ooniponsation on fixed principles applica- ble al ¡ko to all than to compel poisons, by nu accumu- lation of hardships Uko thoso inflicted in the caso of BIrs. OnkcN, to como before this Houso and ask for compensation? Aftor voting compensation tu nibo oases, tho hon. mombcr (Mr. Piddington) might, with lils accustomed eloquence in favour of economy, "appeal to tho Houso not to poy compensation out of burrowed inonoy, and tho Houso might bo Induced by dread of extravagance to withhold compensation in a, onBO in whioh1 it was justly due. It might bo said thoro was a natural right to a road through a soloctiou of forty acres. Would tho Houso rofusof And if thoy granted compensation to the holder of forty i how could they refuse compensation to the hold 320 ooros? Tho moat ofTootual way to enooi settlement was to make landed proporty scouro. hon. member talked of the autb orlty of tho late Col Secretary (Mr. Robertson), and all tho ofllci.il« o Lands office ; but this Homo waa not going to bi away by nn official view of the caso. He (Slr. Foi tr ok credit ta himself for having kept himself a ti e official r'.aw of i the question. It waa far b that juaneo should bo done; and that in the bill the only just and equitable principle of opening n Tho 12th clause did not tako away amy right from Government, but gnvo tho Government tho rigl maka roads everywhere ; at the same time prori that whorcvor thoy interfered with private proj they should observe tho just principle of making < pensation. The Houso divided on tho question that tho w proposed to be omitted stand part of the question, tho following result :-Ayes, 30 ; noes, 7. minority conslstod of Mosars. Wilson, Hosl Buchanan, S. Brown, Garrott, Parkes, and Pidding Hr. Wilson's amendment wa«, therefore, lost. The bill was then read n third timo, passed, transmitted by message to tho Legislativo Council. SUPPLY_RAILWAY WORKING EXPENSI Mr. SAMUEL moved that tho Speaker leavo chair, and tho Houso resolve itself into committci supply. Sir J. MARTIN thereupon moved lila contin; motion-" That it bo nu instruction to tho commit before voting any furthorBums for tho working oxpci of tho railways, or for completing tho ro-laying of lino from Sydney to Parramatta, to examino, at bur of tho House, Mr. Ashdown, tho accountant to railway dopavtmcnt, in reforonco to the detail« of oxpondituro under tho above hoads sinco tho end 1850, and in roferonco to tho proposed votes for tl purposes in the estimates and supplementary cstinu under tho consideration of tho committee." Ho s by tho supplementary estimates boforo the Houso it proposed that a sum of L3Ó00 should bo voted traffic expenses, work, and wages, icc. for li It appeared to him (Sir James Martin) v strango that there should now, in Starch, 1870, bo i money required for this purpose. for" 1808. lloco 1 not understand how, if tho roto fer 18G8 was not si J ciont, tho deficiency was not supplied in 1809. Neit could ho understand how it was that now tho Govt mont did not know tho oxnet »um required. Then, tho supplementary cstimatos, it was proposed that tl should voto L15.000 for working expenses for IS He (Sir J. Slartin) had information to tho effect t although L154,O00 wns votod for railway expenses 1809, in point of fact thero was oxpended in that y L183,81ü, that is L29,7i)0 ovor tho amount voted for i purpose. Tho Government now asked only Llíí.OOO this purpose, thoujrh thoy had oxpended L29,790 mi tbnn the sum voted for 1809. He could not und ors tr how that was. Tho Government wished to make 1 estimates ns low as possiblo. But if tho indebtedn of thc country was L29,790, the Govornmcnt, instt of asking L15,000, ought to have asked for L29.7! Tho Government had eridonco before them that nea L30.000 was required. Yet thoy asked only half wi they roquired. Tho effect of that was either to postpo tho payment of that Llö,000, or to procure that exci of oxpondituro to bo covered by excess in some otb veto. Either of those courses was indefonsib The Government had no right to got a sum for o purposo, in excoss of what they asked for that purpoi and to expend it in somo othor way. By thoso supp] niciitary estimates, it was proposod to got L'35,000 f relaying tho line from Sydney to Parramatta. October last, they woro asked to voto for tho sar service only LM.OOO. They had a right to know he this increaso of L10.000 had arisen. All the' faots ] (Sir J. Slartin) lind submitted to tho Houso, oxcopt tl expenditure of Ll83,81fl, appeared on tho records of tl Houso. And before they votod either tho L3i>00 fi 1808, or tho L15.000 for 1809, or tho L',15,000 fi relaying tho lino to Parramatta, thoy ought to havo r examination boforo a committee of tho whole Houso, i tho accountant whoso duty it wan to keep tho account He was quito willing to consent that tho Engincor-ii Chief should also bo examined. Tho Hom had neglected its duty in Yoting sums for worklr expenses without knowing tho details. They dispute nil night about taking BOHÍO LIO off a salary of LISI and voted ft,way L180.000 without having tho details i expenditure. And this year it was proposed to expon L182,750 for tho working oxpenses-that is, ft thousan pounds less than was actually oxpended iti 18G9. Y< extensions had already taken place, nnd moro woul tako placo dining tho year. Tho Government, in ordt to innko their estimates appear economical, wero «sj ing a thousand pounds loss than was spent in 180! They ought not to voto any of theso sums bofot they examined tho person who was nblo to giv them tho details of oxpondituro. Ho could not sc why tho Englneer-in-Chicf should bo examined. II had nothing to do with the expenditure of money. Th whole of this enormous annual expenditure ought not t be voted any moro in tho samo manner in which it ha been voted hitherto. Slr. SAMUEL said ho was very much surprised n tho courso taken by tho hon. menibor. When ho sa' this motion on tho paper, and hoard much talk out c doors about this gentleman hoing called to tho bar o tho House, ho thought nomo serious charge was to b made. But ho himself (Slr. Samuel) was perfeotly abl to explain all tho hon. and learned momhor apoto of mid though ho had no objection to this gcntlcinai being examined, ho thought tho tendency of collin| subordinates under the Govornmont would bo ti inaugurate insubordination throughout tho publii service. (Hear, hoar.) Lot thom see how tho casi stood. First thero was L350O chargeable to the yeal 180S. Hon. members would soo lu tho supplementary estimates that thoro woro chnrges for provious yean paid in tho year with whioh they wero dealing. lu 180'. thoy pnid certain sums for 1808. Sir JAMES SIARTIN : Thoy aro not pnid. Slr. SAMUEL : This amount was chargeable on 1S08, although paid in 1809. The Government of tho hon. and learned momhor had dona this ovor and ovei again ; nnd overy Government had done it. Certain claims wero often mad«, which woro chargcablo on a provious year. Porhaps a contract, having boen com- pleted, was paid in tho following year. Tba Govern- ment oamo down to tho Houso : thoy could not uso the appropriations of ono year for tho servico of another year. Thoy must got tho sanction of Parliament foi tho year in whioh tho expenses woro incurred. Ho hail, thou, to show that thero was a claim on tho Government for L3500 during 1808. Thoro wore certain claims sent in against tho Govermnont. A colli- sion took placo nt tho rnilway station in Soptoniber, 1808\. Claims woro mndo in conaoqnenco, to cover which it was estimated that L3500 would bo required. Thero was tho notion of Slr. Justice Checks. Thero was nn estimate of L10I,805 for 1808 ; and an addi- tional ostimato of L 10,000. This was found insufficient, and L'.if>00 moro was on tho present estimate, making in all Ll-ir»,.'l05. Tho actual oxpendituro was Ll-13,137 10s ld. This sum of L3300 wns 'placed on tho esti- mates, in consoquenco of a minuto of Slr. Ashdown. (Ho read this minuto of Slr. Ashdown, asking for L3500.) Though a round sum was taken, it did net follow that tho wholo amount would bo expended. If it woro so, thero would bo no savings henrd of. Tho Government took tho authority of Parliament to spend the round sum whioh Slr. Ash- down estimated ns likely to be roquired. If it was not oxpended, tho Government would como down and «how tho saving effected. Hero was tho minuto of tho gentleman who caused all this hubbub. Sir JAMES SIARTIN: Slr. Ashdown had nothing to do with this hubbub. Slr. SAMUEL said his hon. and loamed friond would have somo difficulty in convincing tho Housó thnt it was so. Tho minuto of Slr. Ashdown mentioned a sum of L1000 for James Evans's claim, and tho costs made it up to £1170. Slr J. MARTIN : That is paid. Mr. SAMUEL: It did not matter whothor it was paid or not ; it wus on tho voto for tho year. Sir J. MARTIN : lt matters a groat doa!. Sfr. SAMUEL : Thon thoro was tho olaim of Slr. Titling ¿'U00, and that of Mt: John Davies, for injury to his wifo and children, L2f>0. Sir JAMES SIARTIN : Wo aro askod to voto L3500, and thoy wera told not a shilling of this money was paid. Slr. SASIUEL: That was at tho dato of tho {iroparntion of tho ostimntcs. Thoy woro now all paid mt Slr. Justice Ohooko's. But did it make tho slightest I difference in tho world, whether thoy woro paid or not ? Tho Houso would havo to voto tho amount, whothor tho claims woro paid or not .paid. This tmymont did not roquiro to bo sanctioned >y Parliament; though Govornmont was com [lolled, nt times, to ask Parliamentary sanction, ns though tho inoiioy had not been spoilt, although it had been spent. Thou thero was tho claims of tho Rov. T. Beecher, LS0 5s ; that of Slr. W. Simpson. L153 3s ; Dr. Cox's foo, L'J 2s ; other oxponsos, Lt -ls, nnd LO 14s 7d, mnking L1721 Os Oil, leaving LC00 3s Cd to tho credit of this voto to moet tho olaim of Slr. Justice Chcoko. Tho hun. nnd learned mcmbor know that If tho amount was imtulUoiont for any particular pur- pose, it wa« necessary to como to ask Parliiiuiont for nn additional amount. At tho roques t of Slr. Ashdown they put down this L3500. Mr. PIDDINGTON : Not for wages and atoros* Slr. SASIUEL : Well, it was nn error in tho word- ing. Mr. PIDDINGTON ¡ It looks vory much like deception. Slr. SASIUEL : Tho hon. menibor judgos othor pooplo hy himsslf. Thoro was nothing in lils (Slr. Samuel's) statement to wnrrnnt suoh an assumption. Tho wording is in accordance with that of tho estimates In chief, in tho customary words. Sir J, SIARTIN : No I No 1 Tho caso of Stn. Want. Mr. SASIUEL : That was a dureront case. It wo« nn appeal to this House. Would not there ohrrges for damages sustained bo fairly ohargcablo ajainst tho Government? . Tho hon. and learned gentloti Government did the same in the cuso of tho ncci at Newtown. (No.) Did tho hon. nndlearnod mei mean that the monoy votod on the estimates hat been applied to tho purposes to which ho (Mr. San said it bad been ? Sir JAMES MARTIN : No. I have no doubt money was paid. Mr. SAMUEL : Then what, in tho name of gooch was the hon. membor complaining of ^ It was tho and learned member's Government that spent money, and now tho hon. and learned member cha himself with n misappropriation of the public mo (No !) Then what did tile chargo como to ? Tho and learned member was then in office, and they ' now to have an officer to tho bar of the Houso, to p that tho hon. and learned membor's Government appropriated public jnoney. The Govornn expended this money, and loft a deficiency on vote of LdO.OOO. So much for the L3500. Ho i Samuel) was somewhat surprised at tho ossump of tho hon. membor, who said that in October they had L2ö,000 on the supplementary estimates only L15.000. ' Sir J. MARTIN : That is not what I said. I tho working oxponses of last year woro L1S3,815, tho voto was L151.025; leaving a deficiency of L29,' Yet now tho Govornmcnt asks for L15.000-that about LIS.OOO loss than the deficiency. Mr. SAMUEL : Thoro was L10.000 on tho estim which was transferred to tho cApital account, appealed to tho hon. mombcr for Mudgeo (Mr. M. Stephen) if he had not pointed this out tho other 01 ing. They did not want tho accountant to como to bar of tho Houso to account for that. Thoro L2!i,000 in October chargeablo.to rovenuo. Sir J. MARTIN : To be raised by loan-L25.000 ro-laying tho line from Sydney to l'arramotto. Mr. SAMUEL : Thoro was L25.000 chargeable to loan account in October, and now L35.000 ; that L10,000 moro is charged to loan. Tho hon. and lenr member was mistaken ; and this was not tho first t ho was wrong. In Ootobor tho L23,000 was charge! to loan, nnilLlO.OOO to tho rovenuo. Surely that clear onough. Tho amount was precisely the s.imc tlie aggregate. Were they to havo this gentleman to har of tho Houso to provo those two import facts ? Ho (Mr. Samuel! was quito content to leavo matter with hon. members, lie was suro they wo consider his explanation satisfactory. Tho lion, i learned member was apt to bo misled. Ho (Sii Martin) listened to tittle-tattlers, and thus was misl If he brought his largo intellect to bear upon tb [ matters ho would soo tho mistakes into which ho 1 boon lad. However contemptible tho proceed might appear to him, ho would novortholess not opp tho motion. Ruth« would insist upon tho procecdu commencing to-night, aa ho looked upon tho motion simply ono for delay. In reply to Sir J. Martin, J Samuel added, that tho L3500 should have bi Included in tho estimates of 1809, and a memorancl to that effect had been presented to him shortly bofi they lind been framed. Looking nt tho motion-wh ho would not object to-bo suggested thnt Mr. Whitl »hould bo oxaminod also. He hoped it would Iiroccodcd with to-night. Mr. PIDDINGTON said thc Treasurer seemed think ho was very hardly used, but ho was tho li gentleman in tho world who should compln especially as he had boon very hard «pon a forn Treasurer in relation to tho expenditure of pub money. Ho (Mr. Piddington) contended that I explanation givon furnished no reason why tho Hoi should be dragoonod into»sanctioning a shilling of tl expenditure. . Not one shilling of this L3500 find bc pani in working oxponses and wages on tho railwa; He considered it impertinent on tho part of t Treasurer to givo himself such airs on tho subject. T Houso had been informed somo time ago that L230,-l had been misappropriated by tho railway dopartmor by expouding that sum upon one branch of railw when it was oily authorized to bo spout on nnothc Mr. Holroyd, ns old membors would rocolloot, lind come down with an estimate, and obtain a special vc for that deficiency. Referring nt long th to tho account he thought it vory mysterious that US,OOO should on be asked whon it was acknowledged that L183.000 hi boon oxpoiided, while only ¿15-1,000 was vote For theso and othor reasons ho thought it w high timo tho accountant was examined. Ho was it that tho L25.000 on tho loan account in Ootob last had expanded to L35,000 in Fobrunry. Ho co tended thoro had boen no reconstruction of the lino, was only a simplo re-laying, and should not be tiarri« to capital account. If such a praotioo was permitted i England, tho railways belonging to tho vnrioi companies would pay eovon or eight per cont, p annum. Taking tho Colonial Treasurer's statemci into account, he (Mr. Piddington) maintained thnt tl ostimntos were not in accordauco with truth. If tl monoy (L3500) lind boen paid, ho tliought|it must ha' been paid since the 9th Fobruary. If paid before tb: dato there should havo bcon somo'explanation on tl estimate Ho did not boliovo that Mr. Ashdown wi open to tho chargo of tittlo-tnttling. Mr. GARRETT said some confusion had alison i consequence of a difTorenco in tho explanations of tl item as afforded by the estimates. They had former] boon entered on tho estimates as "Working expense furtbor sum." Tho p résout estimate gavo further info nmtion. Ho (condemned tho interruptions of Sir i Martin. Tho hon. and learned member know ho coul not speak again to tho motion, and had boon sponkin over since ho sat down. Ho (Slr J. Martin) ha thrown the Treasurer off tho track, but he should nc throw him off. Mr. Garrott rend Mr. Ashdown written explanation of tho vote, and contendod tim tho attempt to eatnblish n charge of appropriating sum of monoy in a manner not contemplated or authorize bad ontiroly failod. With respect to tho prnctic of calling inferior olEcors before this Hons to contradict, or to throw doubt . upon th statomonts of tho responsible officer, ho though that it would bo beneath tho dignity of tho House t submit to it. Ministers were placed in their position by Parliament, to givo hon membors information ; am if they did not perform that duty, they should displací tho Ministers. Thoy had no right to allow infolio olllcors to undermino thom. (Au hon. membor : Tin Treasurer has consonted.) Ho did not caro what lim boon done by tho Treasurer, but ho would raiso hi voice against the practice If it was persisted in, wh) not cull in another inferior oflicor to undermino Mr Ashdown? And where would this ond? Ho shoult voto against tho motion. Mr. COWPER suggested that the proceedings of thu evening had been irregular. Tho Houso had boon discussing all this time an item of L3500. This item hail bc?u postponod, nnd tho House could not possibly get at it to-night. It would be impossible to got at it, according to tho standing orders of tho House, until the wholo of tho items on tho supplomcntry estimate! had been disposed of. Again, Mr. Cowpor urged thnt tho dobato could not bo attended with any good result, for it would havo to bo gone through again in com- mittee. Ho fully admitted tho right of hon. members to tho fullest information on nny subject. It wns dcsirnblo they should uso tho utmost vigilance in super- vising tho oxponditttro, and undoubtedly thoy would bo assisting tho Government at tko samo tima. It was not right, howovor, for bon. momhers using informa- tion that bail beon oxtroctod from a subordinate in oommittco, and importing it into this Houso, probably in an incorrect shape, with tho simplo objoct of, ho would not say obstructing, but damaging tho Government. And supposing there had been somo little irregularity in regard to tho paymont of expenses for construction of railways, which ho held was not proporly a function of tho Govorimiont at all, this was not tho placo where tho matter could bo pro- perly discussod. It should bo discussod in committee, nnd not by tho full Houso. Ho thought hon. membors would agreo with bim that it wns not atlvisnblo that slanders should bo whispered and brought out of a committee-room to bo used in tho Houso. It was nothing but wasting tho time of tho House. Ho .moved that tho instruction should bo amended by inserting tho linnie of Mr. Whitton. Sir J. MARTIN said it was an error to suppose that he lind initiai ted anything from tho coinmitteo or Mr. Ashdown. Ile had boon informed that L183.300 had been spont as working expensos of tho railways in IStiit, while tho sum of Llfí-1,010 only had been voted. This was a fact, not a slander. Ho did not moan to say this involved any charge of tho misappropriation of public monoy, but it involved this-an understanding of tho indebtedness of tho oountry. If L2ÍI.7U0 had boen asked for, tho matter would havo boon plain and simplo. Ho did not npprovo of manipulating tho accounts in order to obtain a sum of monoy for ro-laying tho Parramatta railway, when it was intended not to apply it to that purpose. Mr. SAMUEL said ho had stated that LIO.OOO, for re-laying tho Parramatta line, wan proporly chargeable to loan account, but it had boon obnrged to tho working oxponses. As for tho L'29,000 in excess of tho voto asked for, thero was L15,000 on tho Kupplonientnvy estimates, and L10.000 transferred to tho loan account, becauso it had always been tho practico to do so, and tho Government woro not now dopnrting from that Îrnotioo. This modo up L25,0D0. Then thoro was .2008 paid in 18U9, whioh tho Auditor General asked thom to placo to tho account of 18ÖS. This mado L'-T.fiOS out of the L20.000. This estímalo was prepared in nooordonco with that of 18118, submitted to Favliiimont by tho hon. member's own Govcrnutont. Out of this very voto, in tho same words, compensation wo« paid for railway occidents. Tho total expenditure in 18(K> was LISI,00!» 17s «Jd, of which LV721 Os Od was paid fm- 3Hi:S, leaving L182,278 17s for 1839. And Mr. Ash- down unido tho wholo L'WOO, tho dilforonco between that sum and L2Ü08 being intended to meet tho uncertain claim of Mr. Justice Cheeki*. Tho bon. and learned mombcr had found a tnnro's nest. Mr. FARNELL said ho was satisfied of. ono thing that this matter required somo further examination. (Hear, hear.) Tho hon. member (Mr. Samuel) had given no explanation nt nil. Tho only explanation ho ( Mr. Farnell) understood tho hon. member to mnko was that out «if tlio L3f>,000 for tho Parrot lino, ho . proposed to toke LIO.OOO, leaving L14,OOO unprovided for. He intendod to < 1,10,000 from loan for current oxpondituro. Tho« had boen comnloted, and, he presumed, paid for. borrow KW,OOO for it î And what had boen dono the LGO.OOO previously raised by loan forthat parti work î Tho hon. Treasurer waa docoiving the ll by putting down L35.000 for tho reconstruction of line, when ho intendod to take out of it Ll0,00t working expenses. The Colonial Secretary had Mr. Ashdown had not been faithful to tho Gol meat. "Was thatbooausohehad told tho truth ? He bcon faithful to tho publio. (Hear, hear.) Then it said Mr. Whitton should also bo examined. He no reason for this. What did Mr. Whitton kno tho accounts? He (Mr. Parnell) was sorry Minister for Works did not give some explana No doubt those motions were inconvenient to Govornmont. Ho did not say tho Govornmont done wrong, but he wautod investigation to whether thoy had done right or wrong. A motio this kind could not bo made in committee. Ho ( Fnrnoll) rose with a view of moving nn additi amondmont-that tho ovidonce be taken down by Parliamentary short-hand writer. Thero would bi use in taking ovidenos unless it wer» rooordod. Mr. KING said if tho sum of L3500 had bcon down for "incidental expenses," thoro would havo 1 no quostion about it. If tho L18,'J,810 oxpcndoi 1809 included tho L10.000 expended in re-laying permanent way, as had boon stated-(no, no ; yos)- tho Treasurer was perfectly right in repa; himself out of tho loan, because ho lind created a manent work. Tho L'29,000 was thus accounted £10,000 carried to the loan account, L15.000 on estimates ; und ho supposed a further supplcinen estimate' of L1000 would bo submitted nt somo fm period. (Hoar, and a laugh. Mr. PIDDIÍÍOT " You're oasily satisfied.") The motion was amended by the insertion of namo of Mr. Whitton, and tho addition of amendment of Mr. Farnell as to tho short -hand wri and was thon carried, on division, the votes bc -ayes 22, noes ; 10 tho members of tho Govornrr voting with tho ayes. Tho Houso then wont into committeo of supply. The Chairman thorcupon road the instruct! convoyed in tho resolution os amondedand passed. The itoms of L70, for tho purohnso of land gran to Bernard Rooney, at tho Rocky Rivor g«ld-ftoli rofunds to Mr. T. Proston of L7 4a., and to tho trust of Groufoll School of Arts of Ll 10s., wero sovon passed. L150, fees and exponaos of Mr. James Hoskins, as Crown's arbitrator in tho case of Cummings v. Crown, was proposed. Sir J. MARTIN opposed thc item. Ho rolntod facts out of which tho arbitration aroso. A motion i mado in the Houso that tho Government should rc this claim to arbitration. A dobnto took pl« and tho motion was rejoctod. In nnot session a similar motion was mado n rojeotcd. Tho Houso, thorofore, twico refu; to entertain this stale claim of olovon years' staudi (Mr. CU.U.IUNOS : No.) Well, it was very advisable tl tho hon. niombor should not take part in this disc sion, either by speaking or voting. Mr. CUMMINGS : I shall not vote, but I v speak. Slr J. MARTIN restated tho caso, mid said that t Govornmont was answorablo for tho discussion tl aroso, ns thoy brought down debatoablo itoms. ; submitted to tho committoe thnt, in tho face of t advorso decisions of tho House, tho late Governmc woro not justified in referring tho case to nrbitmtic It soomed to him that if any Government, no mail what Govornmont it was, took tho liberty to sot defiance oven ono recorded resolution of tho Hom thero was an ond of Parliamentary govornmont. might certainly becomo necessary, when another cs mato was under consideration, to consider tho mori of tho ooso, and then tho question would oriso, whoth tho Government should bo indemnified for ineurrii this charge. Mr. FORSTER ngrocd with Sir J. Martin that it w hardly tho timo to considor tho merits of tho quostio and ns to Submission of tho oasa to arbitration, point out that tho Goverumout could not strictly bo chargi with having noted in dofiancoof tho Houso, for when t question was last submitted tho House was so indificrc to it that a quorum could not be found ; aud suro when tho temper of tho Houso was so uncertain, i blnmo could bo attached to tho Government in sulmii ting tho claim for sottloment by arbitration. Ho cou not seo, however, why, except tho hon. gcntlemi named on tho ostimatos had dono something wrong, 1 should bo deprived of tho sum sot down ns au emoh mont for tho performance of that duty. Rut, ho (M Forstor) had como to an opinion-in fact, ho had loi untortaincd tho opinion adverso to tho appointment any nieinbor of this Houao to tho performance of ar duty of tho kind, and ha had mado up his mind not 1 bo guilty of it again. Ile ndmittod it was n wrongfi act, and contrary to tho clauses of tho Constitute Act with respect to membors accepting olllces i emolument. Rut tho appointment was mada inndvc tontly, and certainly was not opposed to tl practico of procoding Governments, on the princip affirmed by tho Assembly itself, and in accordant with tho practico of tho Govornmont. Sir J. Marth ho understood, bad hcou appointed to aot in a caso t arbitrator nineo tho appointment of Mr. Hoskins, an had thought it consistent with his duty to accept th appointment. Ho (Air. Forstor) had moved a rcsolutio somo timo ago, whioh was rejected by so largo a majorit as to make it appear to him that tho House laid it dow as a principia that such appointments should b sanotionod. Undor theso circumstances ho saw n roason why Mr. Hoskins should not bo'paid. That gen tloman had not profiled to n largo oxtont by tho sui: allowed, nnd ho ( .Mr. Forster) contended that ho hai porfonned his duty in a highly satisfactory manner. Sir. J. MARTÍN said tho question boforo th committeo was not whothor a momhor of till Houso should bo appointai as an arbitrator, bu whethor tho Govornmont should adopt a course tba tho Houso had declined to sanction. He read tin I resolutions of 18G."i nnd 1800, which wero lost bj majorities of ninotoon to thirteen, and ninoleon tc I twelve respectively ; and tho resolution that was sub I nutted on tho -ad ¿larch, 1809, when tho committoe was counted out. » Mr. ROBERTSON ontiroly disputed the assumption of Mr. Forster, thnt because a mnu was a member ol this Houso ho was not to bo employed as an arbitrator. (Sir J. MARTIN : That's not tho quoi-tioii.) Tho hon. menibor was not all tho world, nor all tho country ; he would doal with tho Ministor for Lands first. Thero wero no mon moro stiitablo for fulfilling such an offioo, and bringing about such results than members of this Houso, and nono mora fit than Mr. Hoskins. What, then, about this trash as to tim unconstitutionality of appointing hon. members of this House. (Slr J. MARTIN : I mndo no remark on that subject.) Tho hon. member was BO groat an egotist thnt ho could not imagine a word should drop lu this Houso oxcopt in reply to him. Rut ho (Mr. Robertson) happonod to bo dealing with a greater man. Tho Minister for Lands was ontiroly wrong, and it only showed perhaps tho peculiarity of his ohurnuter, that he should think othorwiso. Ho would noiv deal with tho othor man No. 2. Tho hon. and learned gontloman's Govornmont had conceded tho right of action on tho part of Air. Cummings. Ho lind not said n word about that, Mr. Cummings, nftor this petition had been given, food his lawyers, and had gono to groat oxpoino when tho samo Govorniuont plcadod tho Statute of Limitations, Regarding tliisas a complota sham, nnd finding that, on a view of tho wholo circumstances, the whole thing had hecomo ohnngod, ho thought that tho Govornmont was justified in referring tho enso to nrbritatioh. Ho went fully into tho circumstances as acompluto justifi- cation of tho course Sir J. MARTIN said tho hon. moinber reminded him of n certain tish thnt raised suoh a muddle in tho water that it obscured everything around it. Ho hold out a will-o'-the-wisp arrangement, calculated to lead tho committee into a swamp ; hut ho hoped tho conimittoo would not bo mlslod in suoh a manner. With rcspeot to his neting ns nn arbitrator, tho circumstances woro theso; Tho matter in which ho was concorncd was i i oonfTootion with tho valuable laud resumed for tho new post-oflloe, willoh was hold under a grant roscrvhig tho power, when tho resumption was dotoriuined uymn, of settling any claim in refcrenao thereto by arbitration. Ho (Sir James Martin) was tho arbitrator for tho Grown, and tho Attornoy-Gonoral was arbitrator against tho Crown. (Laughter.) Rut all thoso matters woro irrelevant. The hon. mouther (Mr. Robortson) said tho Into Govornmont sanctioned tho bringing nf an action in this case. They did nothing of tho kind. tty lnw any ono may petition tho Governor for right to bring an notion, mid tho Governor is bound to write cai tho petition, "Lot right ho done." Tho Govominoiit lind no power to withhold this sanction. Thon ho (Mr. Robortson) said he (Slr james Martin) gava lustuotions to plead tho Statuta of Limitations. That was not tho casu. Tho Crown solicitor and tho Solicitor-General thought it wns not right to Interioro with tho operation of tho Statute of Limitations, Rut tho nation was brought ngnln ; mid under tho hon. inomlior's (Mr. Robertson's) administration tho Statuta of Limitations wan pleaded again. Why was that? Mr. ROBERTSON : I wns not n Crown law officer ; you woro. Sir J. MARTIN : Tho hon. incmbor was ut tho hoad of tho dopartiiioiit. (No.) Tho notion was abandoned. Mr. CUMMINGS : Yon (Sir J. Marlin) wrote moa unto that tho Government had ni» objection to bo sued. Slr. J. MARTIN : Thora was no doubt about it, that tho hon. member might sue thu Govornmont; but when lt carno to tho Crown solicitor's olllco, thu question was how it hhoiihl bo treated. But tho only question was, whothor, after twodoclslons of tho Hou«0 to tho contrary, tho Oovornmoiit woro justified in sculling this casa ta arbitration. Mr. ROBERTSON said thoro was a provision In tho gold-Holds law, that suoh questions should go to arbitration. Had tho hon. aflcl loamed member, or an; of .hi» Bitpportors, doniod thnt Mr. Cummings nppUe« to tho Government, and -wns told-through 'an mad vortoncy- that he had no rights under tho law ? Hat he donied that tho Government allowed Mr. Oummingi toi sue, and that only when Mr. Cumming! had voted against tho late Government thoy pleadod tho Statute of Limitations ? Could anything bo mo« dishonourablo in n Government ? Sir JAMES MAKTIN": Bo«hI Mr. ROBERTSON: That was nothing to a man who thought littlo of taking eli argo of a mau's business and not appoaring in tho court. Sir JAMES MARTIN: Windbag! Mr. ROBERTSON: Tho hon. and lonrned member was drifting now into these abusivo epithets. What had becomo of tho hon. member's talk of dealing with this caso calmly and impartially Î Mr. WILSON said'thia run never wns taken away fro» Mr. Cummings. It was no run, in tho ordinary acceptance of tho term. It was hold only from year to year. Tho Act was novor iutondodto apply to suoli case». Mr. Williams,) Crown solieitor, told Mr. Cum« minga that lio would plead tho Statuta of Limitations. What had tho Government to do with tho case, but to givo permission to BUO, as a matter of course? When tho mottor came tho third time before tho House, wluoli had already twice refused to voto for arbitration, it was looked on ns a perfect farco ; nnd hon. momborfi thought tho best wny to deni witb it waa to walk out of tho Houso. Mr. ROBERTSON replied to tho hon. .membor on tho question of tho land laws. Tho hon. member said tho land hoing hold only by yearly loase, tho law did not apply. Tho hon. and learned mombcr (Sir JamcB Martin) m ado no such absurd allegation. Where wns tho olauso in the Act of ISSI drawing any distinction botwoen leases for. ono yenr and loases for longer periods? When tho Houso was counted out, sixtoen mon remained in the House in favour of the motion, ami Bixtcon novor on any occasion voted against Mr. Cumuiings'a claim. What did tho misorahlo minority do? Thoy_ defeatod a man's claim by leaving tho Houso in which thcro was n majority in his favour. These dishonest jurors, finding thcro was a chanco of justico hoing dono to Mr. Cummings^ did what tho hon. membor (Mr. Wilson) said they did thoy walked out of tho Houso. Tho whole thing exhibited a most discreditable partisanship. But tho only question was, had Mr. Hoskins boon employed, ¡ and lind hu dobo tho work ? I Mr. WILSON reposted thnt tho Act of 18S1 did not ! ftI>ply to nnnunl leases of lnnd within tho Bottled dlstriots. ' Mr. PARKES «aid tho hon. mombor for West Sydney (Mr. Robertson) had lent nil his assistance to thoso who woro said to desiro to obstruct tho ÍHissing of tho estimates. What on earth ind all tlio matters introduced by tho hon. ? member to do with tho question boforo tho Houso ? There was no shadow of foundation for tho assertion that the action of tho Into Government was at nil inllucnccd by any voto of Mr. Cummings. Tho late Government novor expectod any rotoof Mr. Cuinmiugs's. ! Tho only matter hofore them was weather tho pro «ont Government bad dono that against which tho Houso had twico recorded its decision.- Whon tho whole matter wns fresh to tho mind of Parliament, the Houso decided by a majority of 19 against lit not to rofcr tho matter to arbitration. Twolvo months after- wards tho question was again discussod and negatived. Mr. ROBERTSON : Aftor that tho fnots caine out. Mr. PARKES: Th reo years after, in 1SÜÍ), in a thin Houso, whon it was beliovod that Mr. Cunimings's friends had mustored strong, tho othor membors, to provont a decision by n pucked House, counted tho Houso out. It was striking at tho very prido of Par- liament, that after they bad twico dcoidcd against m cortnin course, that course should bo taken by tho Government. Any of tho leading politicians of other days-Mr. James Maoarthur, Mr. Donaldson, nnd BIr. Cowper, in his better days-would indignantly denounce a courso of this kind. (Hear.) What boonmo of all tho necessity of coming beforo tho Houso to voto supplies, if after a decision of this kind aoourso was to bo taken directly nt variance, with that decision ? " Hon, members could havo only ono consistent courso, and that was to voto against this item. (Hear.) BIr. PIDDINGTON roviowed BIr. Robertson's attempt to deal damnation round tho chamber, and, notwithstanding, venturod to stoto that bo had acted at Mr. Cunimings's request ns a member of both soleot committees appointed to consider tho claim of that gentleman. Ho (Mr. Piddington), thoroforc, wont nt length into thc circumstances, and maintained that tho right of nny porson to receive compciisntion waa limited to persons holding pastoral licenses from tho Crown, but not to yearly tenants in settled districts. Ho quoted sovornl points from tho evidence of BIr. Maclean, to show that any injury sustainod by BIr. Cummings by tho opening of tho gold-fields of Tam- baroora had occurrod prov« ur to tho passing of tho Gold-fields Act of 1SS2. Was it doslrablo, ho urged, that tho House should consider tho revival of claims that had lain dormant for olovon or twolvo yonrs? In tho courso of his remarks ho designated tho hon. mombcr for West Sydney as an advocate of BIr. Oura. miiigs. Bli. ROBERTSON roso to order. Ho took oxcoption to hoing called an advocate Ho was a mombor of this House, and to oalt him an ndvocnto was unparlia- mentary. BIr. PIDDINGTON thought thoro was nothing wrong in calling tho hon. mombcr nu advocate BIr. ROBERTSON : '. It seems impertinent, and I shall not submit to it. " BIr. PIDDINGTON: "I Baid tho hon. membor was mi advocate, and ho is nu advocate." Tho CHAIRMAN, on tho point of ordor, snid it was undesirable for any hon. member to call another hon. gentleman au advocate It was undoubtedly calculated to bo gritting to tho feelings of an bon. mombcr, and such expressions woro mu eli hotter avoided. Brr. PIDDINGTON : "I supposo I should bo wrong in saying ho was Mr. Cummings' opponent." BIr. ROBERTSON : " Quito BO. I nm boro ns a member of Parliiiniont." BIr. PIDDINGTON rosnmod : At lenst ho might any tho lion, gentleman was a strong supporter of BIr. Ouiutiiitigs's claim. Referring at length to tho salient features of tho case, ho regarded the bigornions con- fession of tho Blinistor for Lands ns very creditnblo to that hon. gentleman, to mako tho admission that.be had dono wrong. But ho lind expected that Blt-, Poistoi- would havo carried his ponitcnoo a littlo further, and either odored to pay tho monoy out of his own pockot, or his sharo of tho Lino. Ho should voto against tho itom. Ho thought that BIr. Cummings had not mndo out his claim, and that BIr. Rankin should havo lind no further compensation thnn tho romisslon of rent. Ho did not object to BIr. Hoskins having bean appointed, for ho understood that tho tunpiro decided ngniiist BIr. Cum- mings without knowing anything about tho matter. (BIr. IlosKifJH : Ho hoard all thu ovidenco.) Hohad certainly heard so, and ho thought BIr. Hoskins deserved moro than L100 on that account. BIr. ROBERTSON ropliod to somo observations on tho law of tho oaso as quoted by Btr. Piddington. BIr. FORSTER oallod tho attention of thu Houso to tho real question boforo it, and took occasion to show that much that lind boon irrelevant hud been intro- duced ovon on tho other sido of tho Houso, nnd expressed himself sotuowhat astonished that Sir .Tainos Martin, whoso claims to a Parliamentary position certainly were assumed to stand higher than many members, should havo ropliod to somo of tho romarks that had boon maila by using tho tonn» " bosh" lind " windbag." J Io then proceeded at somo length to givo a further oliiniilulinn of thc principal' foatu ros of tho enso, contrasted tho treatment tho claim of BIr. Cummings, nu opponent of tho Government, had received with that which had hoon experienced by another ßontlonian, a consistent supportorof Hint Government, who hud boon allowed to proscouto his claim without tho Statute of Limitations hoing pleaded. Tho admission that at tho last time tho claim was boforo tho ITintso a count-out was organized, completely changed thu features of tho oaso. The organization must havo arisen from nn impression that tho claim would have buen sustainod. Tho voto on this question could only alVoot the gentle- man who did this work. Lot tho Government havo dono over so wrong, it would bo a gloat itijustieo to rofuso to reoognizo tho work of tho gentleman who noted as arbitrator. If hon. members boliovod that ho (BIr. Hoskins) did bis work well and honostly, thoy woro bound to voto this monoy. BIr. AVKAVER thought tho tinto of tho Houso was most uselessly wasted in dobating this question IIB had been done Tho only question wns, bad this gcntleninn dono bis work properly Y That was admitted. All tho rest of tho debato was irroluvant. (Hear, boar.) He could havo understood u straightforward voto of oonsuro on tho Government for thoir conduct in this mutter ; bu tho could not understand tho courso pursued by bon. members. Btr. FITZPATRICK said they hud wasted three hours in discussing a mutter not beforo them. He declined, nt present, to express nny opinion on BIr. Oinnmiiign's ouse Tho only questions now beforo thom wei n,-Wns tho appointment of nibil rotor n proper ono ? Was tho work properly dono ? Was tho chingo oxoossivn? As to tho first iinostlon, ho thought I moni bois of tho Houso should not ho rmpluyod by tl.o Government in any suoli way. Ho (BIr. Fitzpatriok) hail boen directed by tho Government t"> watch this caso, nnd muât say that no duty onulil ho porforiiiod in amero full und satisfactory manner flinn BIr. Hoskins had performed this work. (Hoar, hoar.) Thon largo expenso was involved in tho work iiccr-sanrily. HM tl was not too lunch to pay him for tho work and his expenses, BIr. BUCHANAN wns nmused nt tho hon. inembrr objecting tu tho Government omiiloyiiig members of Parliament, while ho himself wan rocoiving h!n pension, mid had never been lu any iiervieo but thnt of the Government, and brought into tho Houso nothing but tho dust of ollico lo throw in their eyes. Tho question boforo thnn had nothing to do with Slr. Cuminingi's chum ; it ' only whether tho Houso would allow its decisions t< sot at naught. It was a gravo constitutional quest: Wa* this Houso to he considered a cypher 'I ll not, thom'uphold their dignity. The Government inflicted a «overo insult on tho Pnrlhunont of country. Let thom show tho Government by this * that they would not lot thoir dignity bu trampled 01 Mr. DRIVEE said if Mr. Oumminga's case nothing to do with this vote, how could tho digi of the Houso be affected ? Ho objected to member Parliament being employed by the Government ia capacity whatovor. (Hear, hoar. ) Tho quostion t should this money be voted ? It had been paid, ani laving oould bo offected by omitting tho item. 1 saving oould bo e'lTcoted,' he would vote against item. Rut no good oould arise from refusing to vot Slr. LLOYD thought tho members of this He were tho most competent mon to bo employed in b ness of this kind. Ho thought, as long os the pov that be wera right, he ought to support them. Ru this case he thought tho Government woro wrong noting contrary to two decisions of Parliament ; therefore ho must voto against thom. Mr. GARRETT said tho samo Parliament wi twice voted against the arbitration, afterwards cm Toured to revorso thoBO decisions. Thero woro ir mombers in favour of arbitration than ovor vc against it. . Thero woro fourteen for adjournment, nineteen for n doolsion that night. Every one of tl: nineteen was in favour of the claim of Mr. Cummii The House, by 24 to 4, rosolved that all Acts of Par mont should bo punctuated. . Tho Govornmont ! Hover acted on that dcoision. Tho hon. menibor Kiama (Mr. Parke«) was now calling from tho grave ghosts of his departed enemies to support tho vii ho now entertained. As for tho hon. members Ç Wilson and Mr. Piddington), thoy woro both moimi of tho committee, whioh reported unanimously favour of Mr. Cummings'* claim. Tho hon. and lean gentleman (Sir J. Martin) had taken a oiurso pleading tho Statute of Limitations-whioh would hi branded a private citizon with dishonour. With rcgi to tho law, it included all lauds "under lease license." Was Mr. Cummings, becauso he was member of this House, and becauso he had bi debarred by tho Govornmont from appealing to a ju to havo no 'justice dono to him ? Were they to v against this sam, bocnuso it had been fairly earned b member of ParUamont ? Thoro woro instances in wh Parliament had disregarded tho lapso af timo dealing with just claims. Thoro was tho caso of I Robert Stewart, whoso claim was brought forwt after fifty years, and tho caso of Mrs. Singleton. Mr. PARKES said Mr. Cummings had had his cia tried in tho court to which he appealed, and Far! ment dcoidod that ho lind no claim. Then wi became of nil this rot and nonsenso about this chi: not having béon tried ? Hon. members dragged ii: tlüs debato all kinds of questions that had nothing do with it ? Mr. Cummings was a uniform support of the Govornmont. Did any ono suppose that if t claim had been his (Mr. Parkes'«) it would havo bc reforred to arbitration ? If it had been tho claim any member on tho Opposition sido of tho House, woi it havo been referred to arbitration? Certainly n (Cheers, and ories of "shnmo.") It was done by t Government simply to meet tho wishes of a most arde supporter of thoir own. Every man who v anxious to preservo tho independence of Pnrliami would give his voto direct against this item. £ that any member complained of tho wo dono by Mr. Hoskins ; but they oug to compel tho Government to como ? doi to the Houso, and ask for a bill of indemnity for tl sum. If thoy chose to sanction this proceeding t independonoo of Parliament was gone. Mr. WILSON, in answer to Mr. Garrott, snid th tho roport of tho committee on Mr. Cummings'» olai was unanimously agreed to, and sought to orcato t impression that ho (Mr. Wilson) and his hon. friei (Mr. Piddington) concurred in that report. Now, tho were but fivo members present-Messrs, Cunnco Egan, Forlönge, Sutherland, and Burdokin ; so th thoy (Mr. Wilson and Mr, Piddington) were n present. As for Sir James Martin being arbitrator, ] asked why was not tho Attornoy-General made arl trntor for* tho Government ? Simply because ho w retained on tho other side. Mr. ROBERTSON (amid cries of " Question") «a no doubt tho Govcmmontappointod Sir J. Martin arl trator. bconuso ho was tho best man thoy could get, ] answor to Mr. Parkes, ho said all the present Glover ment did was to refer tho caso to an honest tribuns Tho two decisions ^against tho claim wera como to : consequence of a misconception of facts. Mr. PIDDINGTON corrected a misapprehonsic that Mr. Garrott had mada. Though a member < tho solcct committeo in 1805, he had not boen preset at tho lost mooting of that committee, and was n< present when thc roport was adoritcd. Mr. HOSKINS explained that ho had merely vole against tho adjournment, in 18G0, in order to koop Houso together. He had never votod to rotor tho eas to arbitration. He know nothing about the case, an stopped at an inn on the way to Mount Viotoriu, who on the way to Bathurst, to road the papors, sons I ascertain tho character of tho claim. The quostion was put, and tho voto was carried, o division, by a majority of 21 to 10. On tho vote of L200, to mako up restoration c salary of undor-socrotary for lands to former rate e LSOO por annum, for 18Ô9, Sir JAMES MARTIN roquired an explanation. Mr. SUTHERLAND explained, that through som defalcation in tho accounts, but not on bis part, Mi Rae's salary had bcon reduced. Ho had been sufficient]; punished for any neglect he might havo committed and if ho was worthy of holding his position ho wa entitled to tho salary. His (Mr. Sutherland's) prodt cessor was of the samo opinion as tho present Govern mont in this respect, and boneo tho sum had boo: placed on tho estimates accordingly. A rule lind bec: adopted to abandon all increases in tho department hut it had been decided that all claims should bo trente equitably. Mr. HOSKINS hoped hon. niembors would giv thoir votes independent of any oxtrancous application that had bcon made to thom on behalf of the gontlcma: holding tho office. He reviewed tho circumstance connootcd with tho defalcations referred to, and assortci that tho Government had been advised by the inspecto of polico at Nowcastlo that Eastwood was in that town and had taken a passage to California, but no step wero taken for his apprehension. Mr. SUTHERLAND pointed out that Mr. Rae wa in a sister colony at tho timo. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HOSKINS contended that tho official head o tho department should havo boon nblo to have dovisei somo pinn for checking peculation; and ho lind bool treated vory mercifully by the lato Governmont b; hoing retained at a reduced snlary. Mr. RYAN supported the vote. Ho considered il was justly duo to the officer in question. Sir J. MARTIN road tho minute of the Exccutivi Council in regard to the reduction of tho salary, anc tho transference of tho powers of commissioner fo: railways to tho rcsponsiblo officer. Mr. SAMUEL contendod that if this officer had dom anything wrong ho should not havo been roinstatei at a reduced salary; ho should havo been dismissed. But ho was retained in full responsibility and punished by a reduction of snlary. Tho roduccd salary wai fcolow those of somo of his inferior officors. Mr. Rac hold tho offico of commissioner for railway« with no salary whatovcr. If any ono was responsible for allowing theso dofaloatlens, tho ministor at thc head of tho department was a» responsible as Mr. Rao. Tho accountant was suspended : but it was held that lie was free from blame He (Mr. Samuel) stated nt the time to tho Government of that day, that they woro doing wrong in reducing this salary-that if Mr. Kio was unfit for tho ófrica ho ought to dismissed ; but tho salary ought not to bo reduced. Tho salary should bo attached to tho ofllco of tho undor-secretnry, not to Mr. Rae. Mr. CAMPBELL said ho know n, littlo about busi- ness mnttcrs. This gentleman (Mr. Rao) was only second to rt Minister of tho Crown. No doubt ho was to somo extent to blame. Ho was n man of high prin- cipios and integrity. Thc matter was condoned by thc Houso, Ho ought to bo cither condomncd for remiss- ness on tho occasion reforred to, or restored to his former standing. Ho (Mr. Campboll) hoped ho would always bo found voting according to his own conscien- tious convictions. Mr. WEARNE would support this voto ns long as tho other under secretaries received L800. Mr. PARKES would not consider himself bound bj what took placo Homo years ngo. If this officer wai restored to a salary of LSOO a year, tho duties ol railway commissioner should also bo restored to him, (Hear, hear.) Tho work of commissioner ought net tc be performed by a rcsponsiblo minister. Mr. HOSKINS defended himself from tho remarks of tho Colonial Treasurer. Ho (Mr. Hoskins) lind admitted his error when ho found ho had made n state- ment in ignorance of tho fact that tho commissioner for railways was hi Melbourne at tho timo Eastwood loft tho colony. Mr. FORSTEK said Mr. Rao's name had been most improperly introduced in this debate. Tho remark ol Mr. Woiirno dcoidod that question -nil under-scoro taries should havo tho samo salary. But Mr. Rao'e oharnotcr had been nttaoked. Tho Inquiry mado by Slr, Engar und Mr. Wilson, who hold opposite vlows on tho question, was full of tho most contradictor;, ovidoiioc. It was not shown that Mr. Rao was more rcsponsiblo than any ono clso for Eastwood's escape. Tho décision was an absurd compromise. Tho charges made against Mr. lino woro not sustained. Mr. BUCHANAN said all tho head clerks who went hy tho name of undor- sccretarics wore niuoh overpaid, Every attempt nt retrenchment wu« defeated. Lot thom stiok to this reduction, and make a similar reduction in tho caso of all similar ofllcos. Tho governor of Darlinghurst gaol had a muoh more jeiponiblo and onerous position than any under- secretary. Mr. DRIVER defended the Colonial Treasurer against tho charge of want of generosity. In one instance tho Colonial Treasurer could not havo been charged with want of generosity. If tho hon. member had not boeif employed in a certain offlca he would not havo got Ll50. He should vote against the'increase. He bclioved, nevortheloss, tho gentleman whoso oaso waa now under consideration had been modo tho »cape goot of another bon. gentleman holding a responsible olllce, and who ought to give an explanation. Mr. WILSON denied.that he had gono into the con- sideration of tho question as an advocato of Mr. Rae. Ho wont into tho investigation with a perfect doslre to got at tho truth ; and ho now contonded for vnrious reasons that it was impossiblo for any under secretary to be responsible for tho aooounts of his department, and that tho defalcations arose from tho shrewdness of Eastwood. Mr. DYRNES would not avail liimsolf of tho invita- tion of tho hon. member for Carcoar. Tho mattor had I been fully investigated by'tho House and tho country, and no blame could attach to his (Mr. Byrnes's) cba I racter that rendorcd it necossary to afford any explana- tion. Ho explained the reasons that had induced him to arrive at the determination, had ho remained in olfioe, to restoro tho Bolary, tho principal one being I that, although no injustico had been done to Mr. Rae I by tho course that had boen adopted, it was only fair, if he hold tho oillco, that ho should havo tho salary. No telegram of the kind reforrcd to was received at tho Public Werks office. Tho Inspector-General received ono, stating that Eastwood had arrived in Nowcastlc, and had departod by a vessel that left shortly nf tor wards. Mr. AVE AVER objeoted to tho prolongation of suoli discussions. Ho had told his constituents that ho would go in for retrenchment, but not of the kind that waB only adapted to gain popular applause. He thought nn effective retrenchment might bo made by tho amalgamation of offices, not by u pound hero or a pound thcro. This gentleman was considered fit to fill tho office by the Government, and ho should bo paid for it. Mr. CAMPBELL, . amid loud cries of question, insisted on his right to speak. He represented an important constituency. Mr. RYAN -. Why Morpeth is under water ; you've nobody there. Mr. CAMPBELL said ho never asked tho Govern- ment to build a bridge, and then told them they must take no toll. (Laughter.) He believed ho was as good ns any mcinbcrin tin's House. (Mr. RTAN : Hear, bear, "by weight." Laughter.) AVell, he could stand tho test ; but there was ono test ho could not stand, fand that was, of having a widow whoso husband was drowned. (Oh ! and laughter.) Tho itom was then passed. LIDO was proposed for traffic auditor-increase of salary. Mr. WILSON nppenled to the instruction given to tho committee in the resolution of Sir J. Martin. The CHAIRMAN said this itom was not at variance with that resolution. Mr. WEAJtNE objectod to the incrense. Mr. SUTHERLAND enid this officer was responsible for coUccting all tho railway revenue Ho had been nine years in tho Borvico at L200 a year as clerk, and was now made a very responsible officer. L100 n year would not bo too much. Ho read a letter from tho Auditor-General, asking fer stock and stores accounts, to enable him to tost tho accuracy of tho balances. The item was passed. L100 was proposed for increase of salary to locomotivo foreman. Mr. PIDDINGTON asked a reason for tho increase. Mr. SUTHERLAND said this was not an inorcaso of salary, but a restoration of tho Balary ho had received from lSGO to 1606, when his salary was reduced from L400 to L300. His duties wero now increased. He had control of thirty engines. Mr. BYRNES asked what chango had been inado in tho department which induced the Governmont to raise this manVsalaiy. Mr. SUTHERLAND Bnid ho had been restored to tho position ho held for some years, up to 18GS. Ho' now again had charge of the running- shed. Mr. BYRNES said there seemed to havo been a shuffling of the cards to get rid of some men and rostoro others. Ho (Mr. Byrnes) had received from Mr. Whitton a recommendation that tho timo-kcener should bo dismissed. But he found by tho papers that Mr. AVhitton had passed over tho delinquencies of an officer in a higher position. He did not allude to tho officor whoso salary was now under consideration. In consequence à change was made in the arrangements of tho railwnys. The superintendent of locomotives, Scott, wns rolioved from some of his duties by tho appointment of Mr. Thomas. But Scott offered an opposition' thnt would hardly be credited to his (Mr. Bymcs's) effort to got all the work done by contract. Scott's objeot was to mnko it appear that no saving was mado by tho change Thoro was nothing in this man Scott to reconimond him. Only tho other day ho was fined for making false declarations. But tho Govern- ment had determined to got rid of Mr. Thomas, who was obnoxious to Mr. Whitton. AVhy was Thomas removed from his position, without any charge against him, and without any opportunity of defending himself ? Ho hoped tho item would bo postponed. Mr, RYAN was inclined to havo this mattor postponed. Mr. BAAVDEN thought it was a roost improper courso to introduce tho namo of tho party holding tho office. (Hear, hear.) If tho man was guilty of mal- practices, ho should bo dismissed from tho public service. Mr. PIDDINGTON objeoted to tho increase From what they heard this man did not deserve it. Mr. SUTHERLAND said this man had not acted towards him as tho hon. member (Mr. Byrnes) said ho had done towards him. If ho lind, bo (Mr. Sutherland) would have made short work witli him. He thought it only just, as his duties were increased, to restore his full salary. Mr. FARNELL said, they had nothing to do with tho misdeeds of Mr. Scott. Mr. DRIVER said, ho bolievod Mr. Scott was ono of tho very best officers in tho department. Tho chargo made against him was almost laughed out of court, and ho was fined two guineas. Mr. BYRNES said, thcro wore hundreds of men in tho colony Buporior to Scott. Tho motion for postponing tho item was negatived. Mr. PIDDINGTON moved tho omission of tho itom. Tho motion was negatived on division, thcro being Ayes, 4 ; Noes, 25. Messrs. Driver, Piddington, Byrnes, nnd AArebb, formed tho minority against tho item. Tho item wns then passed. L75 waa proposed for inorcaso of salary to clerk, onginccr's olllce. Mr. PIDDINGTON asked an explanation. Mr. SUTHERLAND said thia officer had boon nine years in this position nt a salary of L17C. Ho was a very efficient officer. Tho increnso had boon recom- mended for severn] years. Mr. PARKES said this was n caso of puro increase of salary by nearly half. Mr. DRIVER moved thc omission of tho item. Tho motion was negatived on division, tho votes being-ayes, G ; noes, 18. Tho item wns passed. Tho Houso then resumed, and adjourned nt twolvo minutes past 2 a.m. until 3 o'clook this day (Thursday). 