%§Qtïi|mngttm bulletin uro CERraib QUEENSLAND ADTEBTISEB. TUE8DAY, APRIL 26, 1870. ¥MU.UUBKT meeta to-day, and nothing has been done to find a man to take Mr. MILFOBD'S place, as member for Brockhampton. Tbat gentleman bas plainly announced his intention to simply take his seat and retire from the H onie. For all practical purposes, therefore, Kockbampton is without a parliamentary representative. Tbe Kennedy is in a similar position. The Mitchell has not even the ghost of a member. Clermont cannot have a member in the House for another month. Of the other Northern constituencies only one can be «sid to hare a really Northern man as ita representative, and be talks of resigning his seat. Mr. PiXiMEB is the only member in whom t' e North can place any confidence. Under these circumstances, what is likely to become of Northern interests ? Hitherto, iU members, if they could not see justice done, could sometimes offer effectua! resistance to the passing of un- just and oppressive measures. Now I tho North lias lost even this power, so far as the votes ia Parliament are con I cerned. There is no longer a Northern i party in the Legislative Assembly. I The interests of the whole colony are now virtually loft in the hands of the Southern members. If there has been political injustice and robbery in the past, what may be eipected in the future P Will tfie South cease to be ag grandisinp; and eel fish, when it finds itself in possession of unchecked and absolute Sower? Is the North likely to receive ack a fair proportion of the public money, when it is known to be utterly powerless and unable to enforce its just claims ? There is a bare possibility that the helplessness of the North might prove to some extent its protection, pro- vided that helplessness were not from any fault of ita own. Were the terri- tory north of Dawes Hange entirely without tho form of representative go- vernment, and merely a territory tempo- rarily enl rusted to the Brisbane Govern- ment by tho Homo authorities, the Brisbane government would be compelled to govern such territory in a just and equitable manner and keep a proper account of all revenue raised and ex- pended in it. But thin is not thc posi- tion of Northern Queensland. It ostensibly shares the rights and privileges of representative government equally with the other parts of the colony. Tho misfortune is, that it does not really enjoy the privileges which tho CotiB itu tion of the Colony is supposed to confer. Our Government ie professedly based on the will of the people, and our elec- toral system is supposed to have equal force throughout the colony; but in practice it is not so-the seat of govern- ment and tbe districts iii its immediate neighbourhood receive every possible attention, whilst the outlying districts are neglected in the most shameful manner. The fact of the Northern dis- tricts being included in the represen- tative system of tho colony, affords a pretext to the Southern majority in the Brisbane Parliament to vote away the public money for the advantage of the South. WtiiUt the North remains an integral part of Queensland, and the whole of the public works of the colony are kept within tbe control of tbe Par- liament sitting in Brisbane, so long will the North be taxed and its resources drained for tbe benefit of the South. But our position will not be improved if we abandon ourselves to our adver- saries, and neglect the means of selt defence within our reach. A people that places no value on its rights and j liberties, deserves to bo oppressed. If we want justice from the Brisbane Government, we must not fail to take every means within oar power to plead our cause, and secure its triumph. If we neglect our public interests, we shall sooner or later suffer tbe consequences. We need never expect to obtain Separa- tion .nnIBO» ?»«, «na «arr; ou a united and rigorous effort to obtain it. If we ask for self-government we should try to show by our public spirit and energy that we are worthy of the privilege. The present position of the Northern constituencies, and particularly of Rock- hampton, demands earnest consideration. If the Separation movement is to be 1 carried on, it is imperatively necessary ¡ that something should be done, and I that without delay, to show that the people are determined to have it, and are prepared to make the neces- sary sacrificas of time and money. The signing of the petition must be carried on with energy, and the work done thoroughly. At the same time, other means of securing the ultimate object, must not be neglected. Rock- hampton cannot allow itself to be un- represented in the Brisbane Parliament during the coming session and still assume the lead of the Separation move- ment. There is undoubtedly a great difficulty tn finding a good local man capable of representing this constitu- ency, and in a position to devote five or six months of the year lo public dutieB tn Brisbane. Possibly tbe man would be forthcoming were a fund provided for the payment of his expenses. We have on previous occasions expressed our strong objections to payment by public subscription specially made for a particular candidate, and recommended that, in the absence of a Parliamentary Act for the payment of members, it might be desirable in the case of Rockhampton, for the Municipal Council to provide a eura for the member of the town for the time being, by voting the money in the form of on allowance to the MAYOE. If the rate- payers are not disposed to draw on the municipal treasury, there is another plan worthy of a trial. Let theSepara tion Committee raise a payment of members' fund, and when the fund is provided, let Mr. MILFOED resigu his seat as member for the town. A writ of election would then issue, and we doubt not that some one would be re- turned who would do no disgrace to the constituency. Even if a suitable man were not found, the provision of a fund for the purpose would save the credit of the town, and give tangible proof that tho people knew how to value their political right». The money should be made payable to the member for the constituency, irrespective of all personal consideration«, simply by virtue of bis holding tho seat-making only one sti- pulation-that lie be a resident of the part of the colony proposed to be sepa- rated. It will be objected that in the present depressed state of trade £200 or £300 could not be raised for such a purpose. If the constituency is too poor to take the necessary measures for : itB own defence, then it must choose the humiliating alternative, and submit to be robbed and trodden upon. A con feseion of poverty and inability to raise a small sum of money for euch a purp nae sounds oddly from the lips of men who seriously look forward to Separation as a means of political emancipation fiom legislative oppression and robbery. They can allow themselves to be robbed, and try and atop the robbers. afford a few pounds to 