AUBURN. (FBOM OUR OWH CORRESPONDENT.) Oc'ober 20. The lecture on " The True Story of Ghosts I have Seen" was given by the Rev J M. Day on Monday, in the To*n Hall, m aid of the Auburn Mutual Improvement Society. Mr. J. H. Adamson presided. The lecture through out was very amusing. The names given to the various ghosts were, " Mrs. Theysay 14 To-morrow," we ought never to procrastinate; " Long Credit" It can't be helped" That Will Doj" "You don't know j" "I Quite Forgot" A Short Life and a Merry one," the only safeguard being to preserve a good diges tion, keep a clear conscience, and have a living faith in Christ. The Choir sang "Home Again" and "Stop that knocking," the singers being Messrs. T. IT. Oldhatn, J. W. Castine, E. Spicer, W. E. Goodliffe, and P. C/laridge. They acquitted themselves credit ably, considering the short notice, being disap pointed ef seme lady amateurs, and one having a bad cold and could not attend. Totes of thanks to the rev. lecturer and to the Chairman closed the proceedings. The attendance was very good, and all appeared satisfied with the evening's entertainment. A meeting in connection with the Evangelical Alliance was held in the Bible Christian Chapel on Tuesday, presided over, by Mr. J. H. Adam son. Two rev. gentlemen who were expected did not attend. Addresses were given by Messrs. Gray, Castine, Walters, and Oldham on "The observance of the Sabbath." The 'meeting wsb very interesting, and there is no doubt that the establishment of this society will be productive of a great deal of good, inasmuch as aili the branches of the Church can meet on one platform as one universal Church for the suppression of existing evils. I am sorry to record that a somewhat serious accident happened to Mr. William Jacka, of Auburn. Whilst travelling between Saddle worth and here he was jolted out of his trap ; and fortunately the Rev. J. M. Bay, who was accompanying him, managed to keep his seat. Mr. A. Sjmes, a farmer in the neignborhood of Pine Creek, kindly conveyed Mr. Jacka to Auburn, where medical attendance was imme diately obtained. Dr. Walls found on examination that the sufferer's collar-bone was severely fractured in several places. I am, however, happy to learn that he is progressing favorably. The poet Waller dedicated a splendid pro duction to Oliver Cromwell hailing his acces sion to power as a glorious event. Presently Charles II. came to the throne ef his ancestors, and M ailer produced another panegyric, for the honor and gloiy of the king. The witty monarch read it, and turning to Waller, ob served-* The poem ou wrote on Cromwell was superior.' The reply was unequalled-' I own | it, your Majesty, bat poets write better on fiction than on truths. . -fi 