Melbourne, it seems, moat have its School of Mines, the Rip Van Winkle sleep of Mr Robert Smith for nine years notwithstanding. We have been accused in a Melbourne journal of being tbe sole opponent of the me- tropolitan establishment With a rare gene rosity, which we duly appreciate, onr Ballarat morning contemporary, the Star, (alms the same view with ourselves on the question. Bnt while paying an unaccustomed and sel dom deserved compliment, we mnst be per mitted to take exception to the tone of patronage with which tbe Star , blustering at . us and toadying to Melbourne opinion, en deavors to answer the pregnant bnt half- conceived article of the Daily Telegraph. The. Star will have it that It is noi, never was, and never will be blackguardly. Granted that a gentle dulneae pervades Its columns; granted also that it never rashes in whew tbe Argot fears to tread; granted, too, that the Star never exhausted tbe vocabulary of vitu peration over the Loyal Liberals of Ballarat 11111 we mnst come to the plain fact that the Star to by slow degrees coming to Its MmML We forgive freely the many plagiar- ' isms from onr columns, all the suppressions which might have made The "Clones Water" Commission even more ridiculous than they .ire; we forgive its Swamp nonsense, and we close oar nostrils to the effluvium of the pe riodical manure article, and welcome 10 a yearning bosom ODe ootspoken paragraph iu favor of the School of Mines of Victoria being planted here. That it will be, either as an original or an affiliated association, ia a moral certainty. Bat there is mach to contend against — local jealousy most' of all, that stupid jealousy which permitted the fox to ran off with tbe" meat that the' monarchs of tbe forest were fighting about. Bendigo -is horribly jealone, or why the morbid nagging now to be quoted % Says tbe Bendigo Advertiser: — Years ago we advocated the establishment of a echoolof this character in Sandhnrst, bat as its existence depended on local support, it was not forthcoming, and the affair fell through. The subject was mooted at Ballarat months ago. Rod the co operation and assistance of the other gold- fields were solicited. As we foresaw, however, tbe idem of establishing an institution of tbe kind on Ballarat was one which fonnd little favor with the miniog communities of die other goldfields. However ready persons might be to avail them selves of the advantages of snch an institute in Melboorne, they would not care to go to Ballarat ti obtain them. We on Bendigo nstnraliy " raised our backs" at being asked to assist in swelling the importance of Ballarat. Reasonably enough the miners here thought that Bendigo would have been as good a place for the establishment of a National School of Mines as Ballarat. The pro position, therefore, of the Government to establish a School of Mines in Melbourne comes most opportunely. The new mining school will be national, supported by Government, and free from all local influence. Without the least disrespect to the Minister of Mines, we beg to l ell bim that he is at last nnder the shade of the Upas tree, the ghastly umbrage of which obliterated all his prede cessors. Mr Angus Mackay, personally and as a journalist, we hold in the highest esteem, bat when we find tbe journal of which he is part proprietor and, it is fairly to be pre sumed, chief gunner, go in bald-headed for the Smyth centralisation business, there is bnt one conclusion in onr mind, and that is that he has been got at. The phrase is vulgar, but in a few words expresses our meaning. To prove this to be the case It is only neces sary to go a step farther, and, thongh martyr ing ourselves in the reading, tell the public (hat Mr Brough Smyth — the man mnst have Ub official title — intends that the cheap lec tures are to be delivered " sometimes in the iec'ure room, sometimes in the field." In what field, an indignant miner wonld ask. The Collingwood Fiat, or the Studley Park ranges; and with Mr G. F. Nicholls as chiet ranger and of coarse lecturer ! Is that tbe idea ? If so farewell, a long farewell, to the greatness of Ballarat and Bendigo. Like little boys we have been for years swimming on bladders, and Melbourne has been supported on a kind of pontoon bridge. The bladders we will say have burst. What becomes of Mel bourne 1 A plain, but very awkward way of puttiog it For once we qnote the Star. In yesterday's issne appeared the following paragraph : — Some people appear determined that Melbourne shall be bead-quarters for the School of Mines, and they will, it wonld appear, be content to educate mine managers by lectures and models, and not by any practical illustrations of mining. They might as well introduce a system of educa ting medical men, and taming them oat as thoroughly qualified, by confining the illustrations of diseases and their cares to models and plates, and scrnpnlonsly keeping them from studying , the human frame. Many persons have fonnd to ' their cost that mining machinery in models wfl often work well when the machine has proved a failure immediately it has been tested in actnai use. Theories for sinking shafts, opening np ground, &c.;, seem plausible, and appear improve ments until tested by trial in a mine, and then some drawbacks, formerly not known or over looked, have been discovered. There will be a School of Mines in Ballarat, and it should be head-qnarters unless Sandhnrst can make out a better case, tor- moBt assuredly a School of Mines ought to be at one of the great raining centres. Melboorne eannot expect to be the centre for everything Victorian, and it cannot make out a case as mining head-quarters. Students in the mining school -would learn more in Ballarat in a week than they could in Mel bourne in a month, and the number of companies having the eeat of management at Ballarat is be yond all comparison larger than those in Mel bourne. One Btroog argument in favor of Balla- : ret is this, that students (and tbey will be men and yonths of all ages) will be able to earn their living aa miners, captains, mine managers, or engineers in Ballarat or adjacent mines, while they are attending lectures and learning all that could be taught in Melbourne. The expense of having to attend in Melbourne will be qnite suffi cient to debar the majority of men who wonld attend at Ballarat from becoming students. We imagine that Ballarat having well commenced the establishment of ' an institution so much wanted will make our local school the actual head- quarters, tbe desires and opinions of Mr r. Brough 8myth and Melbourne journals to the contrary notwithstanding. Having given additional pnblicily to tbe above aa the echo of our own frequently ex pressed thoughts, we ask what has the Minister of Mines to eay in the matter 1 Mr Mackay has had several invitations to visit Ballarat either in a public or private capacity. We once more invite him to come and seeiis as we are. If hie fidus Achates objects, and " excessive departmental duties " forbid, we can afford to wait for a recess, an adjourn ment or even an appeal to the country. Ballarat, the great mining centre of Victoria, will not be satisfied until the Minister" of Mines for Victoria pays Ballarat a visit; and ascertains for himself some of the many troths with which he ought by this time to have been indoctrinated. The arrival of the English mail was telegraphed yesterday. The news, which is not of great im portance, will be found in another column. Several letters and some colonial news are un avoidably held over. Tbe adjourned conference of the Ballarat Borongh Council and the Bongaree Road Board relative to tbe main Daylesford road, via Dead Horse, was held yesterday. Present — The Mayor (in the chair), Counci lors Chalmers, Cnthbert, and Duncan, and Messrs Brophy, Forbes, and Walker. The agreement between the two bodies with respect to the additional loan required to complete the road was read over and agreed to, Mr Cnthbert being present as the council's solici tor, and Mr Doward on behalf of the Road Board. The meeting then adjourned till to-day, at two o'clock, to allow of arrangements being made with the bank tor a temporary advance. During the entertainment given by General Tom Thumb and party, at the Mechanics' Insti tute last night, two tittle boys got separated from those who were in charge of tbem, and had not been heard of np to a late boor. Tbe following description of them was given to the police: — Edward Clarke, aged 4 years, light hair, bine eyes; dressed in a light cloth salt and a white straw hat. John Sheldon, aged 5 years, brown hair, dark eyes; dressed in dark tweed trousers - and jacket, with a black eap. They were to be sent to the Phoenix Park hotel, Soldiers' bill. Tbe night watchman of the United Hand and Band Company had a " pop" with his revolver at two men who were prowling round the company's office early on Monday morning. Tbey made off when they saw mm approaching, and wonld not stop in answer to his ceils, so lie fired a couple of shots at them, bnt fortunately tor them misted ms aim. This kind of reception, however, "may prove too warm for them to attempt anything in the "eticking-up" way which they may have intended. a man named Williams, who was identified as, having " done" seven years tor and in consideta- tion of a silk robbery in Melbourne some nine or .- ten years ago, was yesterday brought np on re mand at the Eastern Police Court, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment aa an idle and disorderly person, whose beet friends and most intimate -acquaintances were utterly at a loss to . tell what he did towards obtaining an honest livelihood. When Williams was before the court on the previous Monday he got his case remanded In order that be might procure evidence as -to character, bnt we fancy be made a stight mistake, as the more his antecedents were stirred np the did they appear- to hie advantage, , The . notorious 5"Blsck; Thojopatra" sudtwo JoiherJ gentlemen were brbqght up" as being equally idle and disorderly, and all three stand remanded dor the production of farther evidence. __ - - Tbe anniversary tea and public meeting of the Pleasant street Wesleyan Church was held yester day evening in presence of a large cumber of persons. The chair was taken by Mr Morgan, and -addresses were delivered by the Rev. Mr Cope,' the Rev. Mr Watsford, the Rev. Mr Williams, the Rev. Mr Hunter, and the Rev. Mr Traoter. a young lad named Witiiam Bird, a resident of Dead Horse, met with an unpleasant, accident yesterday. He was leading a horse with a load of timber when a rut caused the dray to lurch over and knock him against a stamp. The lad escaped with a flesh wound in tbe calf, and was subsequently conveyed to the hospital. . The gold watch presented to mr -Robertson for liis gallant conduct daring the flooding of the Great Northern Junction Company is still in the pissession of the -thief who broke into Dim- mock's hotel, ait Sebastopol, on Friday moraine, or at least the whereabouts of the watches and money stolen has not yet been traced by the police. There are several mysterious circum stances connected with this robbery, by which Mr Robertson has lost over £50 Worth of property and cash. _ Tbe discussion on tbe Immigration Question will be resumed this evening, by members of tbe Loyal Liberal Association, at the Nag's Head hotel. On Friday evening, abont seven o'clock, as Mr Formby and a friend were returning from a pigeon sbooting match at the Two Bridges hotel, they met with a very unpleasant accident. Mr Formby palled off the road to call at Power's hotel, and a horseman riding in the opposite direc tion came into collision with them, knocking the horse, buggy,- and occa pants completely' over, smashing one wheel, shafts, &c.; MrJFormby and his fellow traveller were not eerionsly injured by their faiL The rider who caused the accident turned bis horse round and rode back, leaving bis hit behind, which is in the hands of the police. Mr Fancke, of tbe tannery, endeavored to stop tbe reckless rider, but failed. a rowdy looking farm laborer named James Craig was brought to the Western lock-up last night charged with having wilfully broken three large paces of glass, valued at about' £8, the pro- ' perty of George Robinson, of the Heart io Hand hotel, Market square. It appears he had been creating a disturbance in tbe house, and had jnst been turned out, when, out of pure spite, he com mitted tbe offence referred to. Unusually large numbers of drunkards were dealt with at the Eastern Police Court -and the Western lock-up yesterdsy morning. As an incentive to the gentl-man who is to enact " the Ghost " in tbe ensning performance of Hamlet by the members of the Garrick Club, we may say that when tbe play was recently pro duced in the Princesses' Theatre, London, there was— for the first time within tbe memory of the oldest inhabitant — a lusty "call " for the tragedian who represented tbe shade of the murdered king, and " be took it," as the actors say, appearing before the footlights amid the load hazzas of the spectators. Who wonld think of "giving up the ghost " after this? Another thief, loafer, and Esmond street bally fell into the hands of the police yesterday through a piece of fortunate inqnisitiveness on the part of Constable Kilfedder. a fellow named John m'Donald has been known to be liviog on tbe prostitution of a wr man named Mary Ann Lynch, and to be the participator and accomplice with her in many brothel robberies. The pair lived together in a bouse in Esmond street, and the police have several times tracked the fellow to his den, bnt on searching it fonnd that the bird had.flown. Yesterday Sergeant Laraer and Con stable Kilfedder watched m'Donald into the honse and followed him almost direct into a room where the woman Lynch was tying in bed. They looked ronnd the room, bnt m'Donald was not to be seen ; they searched tbe room, bat m'Doeald was not to be fonnd, and probably had not Kilfedder's enriosity and temerity been greater than Don Alfonso's, the other Don would probably have escaped again. Seeing tbe woman in bed at three in the afternoon, and knowing that beds have been used for purposes of concealment from tbe days of Donna Julia to the present, Kilfedder turned down the clothes, and finding the woman dressed turned her ont of bed and examined the ticking. Here he fonnd something which verified his suspicions, viz., a sort of dummy ticking, which gave to the bed virtually a false bottom, or an equivalent to a trap-door or sliding panel as a means of escape. He conld see no bully, how ever; but not being satisfied be took a stick and poked and thrust at the ticking nnder tbe -bed. In a minute there was a cry of pain, as the end of tbe Btick had canght m'Donald on the -cheek, and this cry discovering his whereabouts; he ' was hauled ont in some snch plight as Fglstafl when he made acquaintance with the brick .basket. He was taken to the lock-up, . where be now awaits ' a magisterial enquiry into his wrongdoings. . .At tbe Geelong Police Court yesterday, t. Jones, on remand, was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment on tbe charge of having obtained, nnder the false representation that he was an auctioneer in Melboorne, a pianoforte on hire from Mr Goodall; . . 'there -are other charges against the prisoner, wMch were not gone into, and it is probable that he will be again arrested : at the expiration of his time. - Received " Ambition," an essay by r. W. h., printed at the Evening Mail office. The other mail-being in we nmst postpone comment, if com ment be necessary, to a more convenient season. The flag at the Band and Albion mine was hoisted half-mast high yesterdsy on account of tbe sadden death of a daughter of Mr j. h. Wil liams, an old director of the company. At the quarterly meetiag of tbe Geelong Town Council held .yesterday, it /transpired through a letter - from the Chief Engineer to the Water Works Department, Mr Cbristopherson, to -Gonncillor Johnstone, that the Stony Creek Reser voir, including the embankment, outlet tower, valves, &c; has bepn completed, and- that the open brick-lined channel between that and Monnt AnaHe is in course of construction, and will shortly be finished. The service reservoir and filter beds at Lovely Banks are complete, and np - wards of 36 miles, of .pipes, have been laid, and probably tbe works will be completed by the end of next July. In reply to questions pnt, the Mayor, Mr t. n. Oonvee, stated that he had been informed" by Mr- Christopherson that twelve million -gallons of water are ready to he let into the reservoir from lagoons io tbe immediate vicinity of it, and that on Saturday the storage of water commenced. He stated that a delay of a few days most take place before the complete estimates are passed by tbe House for the work, but that every facility would be tbrown in the way by the political and permanent heads of the department to its thorough completion by tbe end -of July next. a petition from the Eight Hours' League was read, with tbe view of doing, away with longer hours labor on the part of the cor poration workmen. Councillor Holdsworth, speaking to it, said that if tbey acceded to it they would be placing themselves in the same unfor tunate position as the late Government, whereby a most flagrant injustice bad fallen upon contrac tors who had made estimates on the ten hoars' system, and whose tenders for' work, which could not be fnrnished tor months to come, had been accepted. On his motion the discussion of the policy was referred back to the public works committee, with the view of bringing it np again on tbe completion of present contracts. Alderman Garratt, while- discussing matters of moment at tbe Town Council of Geelong yester day, was informed, in his capacity of Protector to the Aborigines, that " King Jerry," .the last, hot two of the once powerful Barrabool tribe,: bad been conveyed to the hospital at the point of death. Poor Jerry's gratitude and affection to Mr Garratt and Mr r. de Bruce Johnstone, for years of solicitude on the behalf of himself and the poor few who "marched through country" with bim, was shown by his burning desire that they shonld be present at- his bedside at bis pre meditated departure cn a long journey to happier banting grounds, and they accordingly hurried to his presence. The Melbourne gosslper of the Creswick and Clunet Advertiser jump with onr humor ad mirably, He writes thus: — " The statement that Mr g. p. Smith's Publicans Act Amendment Bill will have the snpport of tbe Ministry does not square well with Mr Micbie's expressed opinion that bis Bottle Bill has been a blessing to the colony. We shall have an: opportunity very shortly to assess the zeal of Mr Smith and of the Government also in this important matter. The amendment of .the Publicans' Act is mare neces sary at the presen t time than any merely political movement that can be suggested, and the country won't be content to have tbe subject continually played with. The evils which have sprung from, the Wines, Beer, and Spirits Soles Statute, as Mr" -Midhie's 4 Bottle Rill is how technically styled, demand action from all those who do not wish their grocery bills to cover inordinate snpplies of drink, positively conveyed. to their homes under the1 operations of the Grocers' License clause. There are other, disastrous . provisions in tbe snes- sure.irhich mr Michie vsuhle as a blessing, and tbe sooner the 'blessing' is revised the better will it be for the happiness of thonsandsof homes, where mothersof families are falling into drunken habits, superinduced by the facilities afforded by the 'Bottle Bill.'" ' r In tbe recent flood (ays the MustDeUbrook MonitorY n prisoner " was" in danger of bring drowned in his cell. When the water reached the nnforteoate. man's waist, ; the : lock-up keeper tdggesp ln3tead-qttltoSrdomflito might liberate the prisoner in esse he was overflowed. The force of red-taprism we ahomld imagine conld - no further ger- Messrs Thomas Lang and Co., nnrsezymeo, Melbourne (says therCreswick Advertiser, are exhibiting 'at present, in their window, a fruit new to the colony, called the " Aubergne " or egg-fruit, produced in Gippslsnd. It is indigenous to the West Indies, where it is considered a great treat, and is cultivated in mostly every garden, floral or otherwise, of any pretensions, hence its -name. For size and appearance the exhibits arc stid to compare favorably with any produced in the West Indies. The ordinary mode of cooking them is cutting tbem into thin layers, and frying tbem cither in butter or oil. We ( 'Daily Telegraph ) understand that a board his been appointed to iovestigate the accounts of the sutlers who provided for the late Volunteer Encampment at the Yon Yangs, with a view to ascertain what will be a fair amount to give to each as compensation for the losses they sustained through the inclement weather, and the conse quent nnavoid&ble; breaking-up of tbe camp. The names of the gentlemen who are to constitute tbe board have not yet reached us, bat we are in formed that Mr Templeton and Mr Sargoed are amoDg the number. Be political campaign to come, tbe Age says cautiously: — " As tbe opening of Parliament ap proaches, and it is very cloBe now, speculation is rife bb to the position of parties. Members are mysterious, and nobody knows how the balance will be. But probably tbe state of the Honse at the commencement of the session will not afford a very reliable indication as to the manner in which it will finally settle down." NotbiBg (says the Age) was done on Saturday in the matter of the railway tenders, though it is understood that all the tenderers are prepared to take np the sections tor which they have been declared the lowest competitors. Immediately tbe Engineer-in-ChieFs department have com pleted the checking computations of tbe tenderers' items, the intention of tbe Government will pro bably be announced; and till this is known every thing said on tbe subject is little better than mere speculation. Another encouraging instance of tbe existing liquor laws from Melbourne. ' The Age is onr authority, as thus:—' " During an inquest held on Saturday some particulars were given showing the manner in which human beings herd together more like beasts of tbe fieldB than civilised Christians. It was -shown that a man, a woman he was cobabitating with, her mother and four children, lived in a wretched wooden- hovel divided into two parts by a petition made bf old ganny bags. There was no fire-place in tbe shanty, the fire being made in the middle of one of the rooms, and the constable also stated that there was not a seat in the place. The woman and ber mother having been to market came home drunk; the man, who was sober, went to bed, leaving them squatted ronnd the fire in the centre of the room, and some time subsequently was awakened by the screams of the infant, only seven weeks old, which the mother had allowed to toll ont of ber arms into the fire daring her drunken sleep. The child was so much injured that it died on Friday, and the jury accordingly returned a verdict of manslaughter against her unnatnral parent." The Dtmolly Express, as a rule, holds sound views npon mioing matters, and pays more atten tion to the great producing interest thaa most of its goldfields' contemporaries. Bat, as old Homer was said to nod sometimes, so mnst we think the editor of the Express has for once been canght napping, otherwise, why snch twaddle against the redaction of quartz lease rente — why recom mend the re-imposition of a gold export dnty? It is a difficult task enongh to pound sense npon mining questions into the heads of Melbourne journalists; but, ob, save us from our friends! From the following extract from the Indepen dent of yesterday it wonld appear that there are thieves amongst tbe workmen in the mines in Bendigo as well as at Ballarat: — " On Thursday last, between three a.m. and seven am., the con tractors driving at the 430-feet level west in Elliott and Co.'s claim, Johnson's Reef, struck some very rich stone, and they at once communi cated the information to the captain of the watch at work tor the company above at tbe 370-feet level, and he placed tbe richest iu a keg, leaving them in the lower level instead of at once taking them to tbe surface and giving them in chsrge of the manager. The consequence was that when Mr Erickson arrived at seven ajm. some of the richest had beeir abstracted from the keg — one in particular being a prize, as it was supposed that an ounce of gold in a lump adhered to tbe quartz, Tbe theft cannot be traced to any one in particu lar, but the manager at once discharged tbe captain for hie negligence in not securing the keg, and four other men. who were at work there.. There is sufficient reason to believe that many robberies occur in other claims, and it is to be . hoped that <ome effectual check will, be pnt to it, . especially when it is well known that scores of . persons in this town deny themselves of many. . luxuries by the payment of .calls tor the support . of the mining population." Writing in somewhat the same strain as our selves anent the Grant testimouial,-the Age says: — " All that is wanted to make this honorable and laudable condition of mind in eo large a section of the community bear fruit in the way that has been proposed, is that some organisation and method should be introduced into the proceedings intended to give effect to the public desire. The same, machinery which tbe various local laud leagues had recourse to eome twelve or eighteen months back, when they sought to bring their views prominently before tbe Government and the Legislature, appesrs to furnish the most effi cacious means tor tbe present purpose. The secretaries and members of these varions organisa tions are still at hand in their respective localities, and they have only to meet together, ap point committees and collectors, and open np correspondence with one another, to Bet the pro ject in active motion, and tbe thing will be accomplished in the lapse of two or three months. Holding public meetings, and then neglecting to follow .these up by any practical course of action, is "worse than useless, for it makes preteoce of doing something worth while, and then ends in doing nothing. The free selec- 1 tors throughout tbe coon try have made it plain enough that they wish to testify their grateful good feeling to Mr Grant in a practical and sub stantial way, by offeriog for his acceptance a memorial which would at ooce do honor to them selves and to him. And those prominent amongst tbem- who have always taken the lead in land reform matters shonld feel themselves called npon to come forward now with practical arrange ments, which would enable the selectors to pnt their wishes in practical execution. Dividing their respective localities into districts, and ap pointing sub committees and collectors in each of these, who shonld bring in to the central com mittee every Saturday the subscriptions obtained daring tbe week, is one of tbe most simple and obvioos modes of proceeding, as well as the one most promising of effective resales that conld be adopted, and we stroogly urge it on the attention of those who are moving in tbe matter." The Chsnes Guardian -writes thus of the Clones Water Supply commissioners' job with m'Ewan and Co.: — " Of the reply of the Water Commis sion regarding the circumstances attending the letting of the celebrated, pipe contract we c in only say that what in it 'is new ia not true, and what is true ia not new.' The first and second statements, relative to the completion of the cou- tract, come under the latter category; the asser tion that the local tenderers reqnirrd a higher price, a longer period for tbe completion of the contract, and Bought to be relieved from paying a portion of the deposit, undonbtedly come nnder the former. With reference to the first of the reasons assigned, it has already been shown that though nominally the highest of the two, tbe counterbalancing advantages which wonld have accrued from accepting Messrs Walker's tender would in reality have rendered it by far the cheapest in the end, whilst tbe falsity of the statement that the Ballarat firm sought to be relieved of paying a portion of tbe deposit has been directly contradicted, and shown to be a frivolous aftertbongbt. The difference of the time in which tbe tenderers undertook to com plete the contract, thongh at first sight in favor of tbe importers, is also qnite the reverse in point of fact; as, although the importers promised to : deliver the -second instalment of pipes earlier than - the manufacturers, the latter were prepared to commence delivery earlier, and so enable tbe commission to complete tbe pipe-laying within a shorter period. The flimsy excuses of the com mission are therefore apparent on the most cur sory examination, and the motives tor their short sighted policy become mors and more incompre hensible npon any straightforward hypothesis, and the only rational explanation is either pre sent ' kick ' or fntnre ' halfpence ' to the .indivi duals composing tbe commission. In any event, the people of this town have more than ever cause to complain of these "Jngeiing fiends » \- that palter with us to a doable sense ; . - That keep the word of promise to our ear, And break It to our hope." General Tom Thnmb and troupe held two more bf their levees yesterday afternoon and evening, both of which were well attended, especially the evening one. There was little variation in the programme as compared with previous ones, ex cept in the. introduction of a abort comic piece jwitb the;Geaeral as- die principal actor. This afforded a good deal of amusement, but notwith- standing -that the opportunity was a good one for tbe display of ton and humor, the Commodore tonst be yielded the palm as tbe mirth-provoking - man of the company. It is almost needless to mention that there was the usual motley throng assembled round the entrance to the halL 