TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. From our Correspondent. GLADSTONE. October 8tli. The ketch Capricorn, belonging to Adolphus and James Mutthews, of Rocklinmpton, was wrecked yes terday (Friday) betweon Tnriinbula und Gatcowb Head, on tbo East banks. The crow wore rescued last night by pilot Jnnsen in the pilot boat, after having been 6. hours in the water clinging to tho hatches and somo planks. They wore all landed safo by pilot JanBon ; they have lost everything, and narrowly cscapod a wntory gravo. — Tho Capricorn was on a voyage from Bustard Bay wiilr timber for Mr. A. Grant. Mr. Matt-hows was in charge. — En. N.A.J Philiurmonio. — Tho'oponing concert of tho ubore socioty was hold nt tlio School of Arts, on Thursday evening Inet, under the patronage of his Excellency .Colonel Blackull, and before a very large and somewhat ' critical audienco. Though societies of this kind nre generally exempt from the stings of tboso scorpions of tho PrcsB — tho critics — still, as tlioy partake of a somowhat professional character insomuch as . tho public pay professional prices for admission to thorn, they ought not to bo exoinpt from comment. If they aro worth hearing, thoy aro worth noticing and when, ns in this case, thcro was. so much io conraiond, tho task is mora ogreenblo than otherwise. Wo ltavo to consider the insido public. (if wo mny so designate tliceoBOcieties)nB well as tlio outside public. Whero pco- pic, no mnttcr under wliut conditions, pay a prico for an article, thoy liko to have, their say about it, and ' neither philharmonic nor other societies, at tho doors of which. money is received, can bo ullawed immunity from wholesome stricture. Judicious criticism is beneficial, and errors nttackcd with blunted lauccs, mfliot no very sorioiiB humiliation, and ought tc bo of advontago to tho objects of it. But d nos moutons. At an early hour, and to tlio manifest annoyaneo and inconvenience of tho paying portion of tho publio tho unpaging or loafing portion, aB is usual, woro in pos session of tho private grounds of tho Institution, having nlrondy appropriated tbo only two opened winddWB, (which oventunlly. had to be shut to koop out tobacco smoke and oilier nuisances) and blockaded not only tho entrance tc tlio hall, into which somo of thoso gentle men, who have a taste for amuBciuent " on tlio cheap," thrust themselves, but hardly condesconded to make way for his Excellency, who arrived about half-post 8 o'clock, when tho concert opened with tbo National Autliom by tbo whole strength (rnlher too much) of tho company, after which tho programmo was com menced, Lo Mofon, leading the way. Tho finished style in which this chef d' anwre of Aubor's, abound- ' ' mg, as it does in complicated harmonics, nnd rapid yet . brilliant passages was given, despito tho slight defici ency observable in tho ensemble of the instruments, re flects most creditably upon the ability of tlio performers, who, considering tho very recent formation of tho socioty, huve scarcely had tirao or opportunity to enable them to work sufficiently togctbo'r, so as to beccme acquainted with each other's musical idioByncracies. Tho overture struck us as having been altered fro.n tho original score, and to have lost somowhat in the cliango; tho subject, how- evor, was very neatly, treated separately by tho first and . second violins, and taken up with groat eflbot by tho ' flute, remarkably well- played and sustained until merged into the concerted movement which absorbed it. . Tho overture lost a littlo of its elfoct from a slight irregularity visible in tlio time, a defect murkedly observable in tho violin duet from Norma, which .mainly owed its success to the strength mid bouuty of tho music rather than to ite' execution, uiid ought to have boon entrusted to hands in which we fool satis fied it would have fared bettor, namely to tho two youngest amateur violinists of tho sooioty. Lo Mnf on for a first attempt was a daring one. but not above the powers of its interpreters, who are capablo of oven a more ambitious flight than any yot attempted, always bearing in mind that drill is as necessary to an orchcs- . tra as to a regiment— a fact evidently not lost Bight of by the glco singers, who rendered those set down in tho programmo with surprising accuracy and eflbot, ' though labouring under what may be considered a dis advantage, from the numbor of voices pressed into tbo sorvico, a practice which isculculatod to rob tho gleo of its distinctive character, and give it a choral one. A gleo, wo take it; is intended for four voices und no \- moro a ohorus, for as many as please. Four voices may be' kept in hand, and aro bolter able to modulate and preserve their pianos and fortes, than when ac- oompunied by others. Tho passages are givon with more judgmont and nicoty, whon unincumbered by a crowd of voices, particularly when some of the vocalists, ss may liuvo been observed, strugglo for supreniaoy, and persist in being heard, quite forgetting that the chief beauty of concerted music depends upon v. tho judicious blonding of tho parts, and not upon tho . proniiiienco of auy particular voico ; some tolling ' down will make our glees all wo can wish them to bo. Wo give tho hint with tho best intention, merely ob serving, " Qui capit ilte facit. These concerted pieces (particularly tho "Blue Hells") received quite an ova tion from tho house, which was most cnthusinitic in its npplauso, and with n littlo weeding under: tlio prosont :ablo chefd orchestra our gloo compimy -.will be suporD® In concerts of this description, solo as contrasted wit part Binging is seldom as. effective, though perhaps lew sooiolioB oon boast, of suoh voioos nb tboso hoard on Thursday evening last, in " Voi nm mato, II Bncio, and tho " Wheel." The first was sung by a gentle man who laboured under tho terrible disadvantage o a full orchestral nccompanimont, inst ead of bcnip Helped by one or two. violins, with an occasional chord on tlio piano. The result wns that, the voice ot tlio singer, one of unusuul sweetness, lloxibili'y, and extent, wns completely overpowered, which, by-tho-bye, was littlo needed, eeoiiig that lie invariably muflles it, being oillior afraid of tbo night air, or under tlio, erroneous impression that it is not necessary to bo heard boyond .tlio front row of scats. Wo would also obsorvo —as it may' bo useful on futuro oeensions— that somo Blight animation is dosirablo, for with out this 'ingredient tho host' uniatcur performances aro apt (o bo liko mi egg without salt— insipid — at he Bamo lime there is no occasion for a vocaliBt to fling his arms and legs nbont as if 'tlioy didn't bolone to him, mid ob:if ho had just left tlio safety yulvo of a high pressure Yankee steath-cngiuo, and was coming down in piece?; but a certain dbgroo oi abandon is per-; foctly allowublo — it. kolps tho sieger amazingly. "11 Bucio," though sung a shade tod slow, which inndo.it drag n little, wnB a very credit ablo performance, the powers of tlio. fair singer hardly receiving fair play, from the evident liorvuuBiiCes under which she labored, and which no oncouragomoiit' could subduo, but so far lis oico IB concerned, a flno full ;toncd mezzo-soprnno, there is nothing wanting, timo and confidence will do tho rest. Our old favorite, tlio " Wlicol," (which may bo turned too slowly), vory nearly " brought tlio light of other days around us," nnd the'shadeof Miss Caraii- dini, though in wdtor-colors, was evoked. Tkesong, sung with tasto and expression, nnd not vory inferior to tho great original, was limbh relished by tho nudiciiee, who burst I out 'into ono tumultuous oncoro. Miss llilcy'B voico is of- good compass, with n particularly flno middle register — ;tho notes of which aro of an un- UBunlly flrio quality. Liko "II Baoio," the flute solo of " Ernnui Inyolaini" wns hardly vapid ouough in tlio florid passages, though ncouratoly and Bwootly played but wnnting tho vigor bo apparent in tho porformanco . of " Bceolleetions from Trovntoro" (substituted . for " L'Africuino"), which wore givon with iv master hand, and witlv unrivalled taste, only oqunllcd by tho superb execution oi " Zuiiipa," whioli was played in a stylo tinit took tho audienco by storm, and a moro brilliunlv powerful, and ellbotivo, or faithful interpretation of tlio author we novel- remember; to have heard — tlio lime was porfootion— tho touch crisp- — tlio articulation olenr and sparkling— and tho graduations masterly and eoldom mot with apart from professionals, but tho crime tie la crime of the concert wnB the singing of tho " Marseillaise " by a son of tho soil, who gavo it. with nil energy, pathos, and declamation, which it would -ho impossible to describe, the lust particularly, seeing lliut Mr. Martin suited " tbo action to tlio word, and the word to tlio nation," by going through tho Fronch in fantry cxcrciso, ending with a pas do charge and telling exit. Ho became, under tho influence ol tho Mur- scllnisc, a porfaot embodiment of bnrricndeB nnd re volutions, and wo doubt if a single paving- stono could rest quiet in any part of Ernnoo if subjected to tho iufliionce of bis voice und incompdrnblo gestures, wliieh though mclo-drnmntic, wore graooful and appro priate. Before concluding this notice, which bus already oxcoodod tho spaca'it wns intended to occupy, wo trust tlio society will sco- tho propriety of having futuro programmes carried out ill their integrity — unless some unanticipated obstacle .should interpose. Wo deprecate the prnctico of advertising Bomo particular piece and then substituting nnothor. For instance, it is not improbnblo that some disap pointment wns felt nt " Zuinpa " taking the place of Mozart's Sonata, which some porsons might hava come expressly to hear. This is not keeping faith with tho public, who ought always to havo what they pay |for. Tho house was a bumper one, and wo hopo will nut the Socioty on its legs mid enable it to expend a littlo ill the purchase of operatic scores, which can bo . obtained nt a low figure either in' Sydney or Melbourne. By way of postscript, wo would repeat, our suggestion ns to tlio advisability of tlio Society giving a concert for tlio express purposo of appropriating tbo funds to tlio purchase of a semi-grand piano, such an instrument us would bo fit for tlio hall, a credit to tbo town, nnd an encouragement to private performers to assist us, us well ns to professional players to visit, us. As Ibis is the third timo of asking, wo soo no just. cati60 or im- nedimont against its being carried out— perhaps tbo Society will " seo about it." The Goveunou's Pio-nic. — Tlio invitation of his Excolloucy to the principal residents of tho placo to accompany him r.s his guests to Wcstwood, whero a magniiicont collation wns awaiting thorn, was heartily and numerously responded to, and tlio joyous throng left by train on Saturday dotertninod to mako n day of it. When tho serious business of tho hour, tho gastronomic part, wns over, when pyramids of flesh, fowl, nnd fruit had disappeared, and champagne eensod Hawing, the beauties of liutuvo exerted llieir claims to notice, and tlio company Bprond themselves " all about," in tho highest good -humour with thoiuselvoa and everybody olso, particu larly their host, who "led. tho laughter and enjoyed tho conversation." Just boforo leaving by the return train, which started at a quarter to 7, oxhaustcd nature received a furllior recruiting from additional refresh ment, and.thc company reached town about hnlf-pnst 8 o'clock. There was no speechifying, (Hint ghost to onjoymont) n wise prohibition— pity it enn't bo fol lowed on oilier occasions. The Bachelor's Ball. — This affair, which enmo off on Thursday ovoniug last nt the School of Arts, was net only a ovedit to tlio Stewards but to the. placo, nnd wns got up in a stylo cortninly superior to anything of tlio kind wo. linvo ns yot witnosscd in Bockhampton. Tho hall of tlio building was tastefully decorated with floral designs, well lighted, and the floor polished ns if for a sliding match. Shortly niter nine o'clock tho guests began to shew, and continued to arrive in liot. hasto during tho next half hour, ut tlio torininntion of which his Excolloucy made his iipponrnnoo and oponod tho bnll, which wns kept rolling at a pnoo tlint tried the Btnininn of tho orchestra, which was moro than once knocked out of time. Tlio spirit with which tho dance was kept up seomcd ns if it had boon. bottled up for tlio occasion, and was reserved for this particular event-, which was a perfect whirl of onjoymont, a regu lar ".merry-go-round" of pleasure. " Now licrc, now there, ' Giving llclit ns II tiles, From tliu lips to the cheek, From the cheek to the eyes," occasionally interrupted by a visit to tho snpper-room to recruit oxhaustcd nature, and whoro, literally speak ing, every delicacy of tho season, cortaiuly of tlio placo, was provided by tho catoror,: Mr. Cramp, of tlio Cri terion Hotel, who ovidontly spared iieithor trouble nor oxponso in'liis efforts to. do justice to tho occuBion. The " spread" was not only lavish in tho extreme but choice, and tho wines infinitely superior to tho usual run suppliod at outortainmonts of tho kind, tho cham pagne particularly, which wus unexceptionable. Inde pendent of tho different pieces de resistance, tho solids, there was a regular battue of turkeys and fowls, while evory spare inch of the fostivo board was covered with fruit and confeotionory in abundance. ' Fow 'of tho delicaeicB rocoivod that nttontion from the ladies which from their tempting nature was to havo boon expoctpd, a uegleot nltogothor owing, not to tho fair guests want of appreciation of tho good tilings boforo ' them, but from tlio great want of judgmont displuyed by olio of tho stowurds, who insisted upon having tlio soats or chairs whioli had beon placed round thetublo removed, tliuB depriving tho tired dnneors of that interval, of roBt which was looked for, and cbmpolling thom to stand at tbo vory timo they should sit down — tho oon- Bequonco wnB, that- tlio fatigue of standing, after two or thrco hours dancing was bo painful, that the ladios woro unablo to do justice to the delioaoies provided, and wore only too glad to return to tlio ball-room, where plenty of eeatts'Whero to bo had, a vory fair sign that wall flowors. wore scarce., Tlio hours continued to be " aliased with flying foet" 'until thoy, tho houra, not tho feet, grew small, and tbo light waned, a signal reluctantly obeyed by tho guosts, who departed just about the time that tasty oroaturo, tho early bird, is supposed to bo catching tho inevitable worm. New Bush. — Another rush has taken placo on tbo North-sido of tho river, and most cheering information haB been received in town as to tbo quautity.of gold foiind by tlio lucky prospcotors. The " niBli " is in tho neighbourhood of tho "Hibernian Hoof," and is in appearanao similar to Black's, tho ground near whoro Gaddcn and others found tlio large nuggots at Mount Wheeler. Tho patch appears to bo immonsaly rioh, for as much as eight ounces were washed' fiom oiio dish. Wo havo hoard of several rich finds . on tho Northside, the vicinity of Now Zealand Gully, one mail wus slotcd to us, obtained 600 ounces of particularly fine gold. We shall bo able to turmoil further parti culars in our next issue. Gremorne Gardens. — Wo notico that tlioso gardens will bo opon to-niglit, for tlio second of tbo series of tlio Gain .'Balls' whioli are. to bo bold monthly during the summer. The gardens will bo illuminated, and many additions and improvements made with regard to t ho goneral nrrnhgeuionts of tho amusomonts of t ho evening. Wo understand that fire nnd othor balloons willascond, and that an excellent band, will bo in at- tendance. 