MISCELLANEOUS. Tongariro. — The Wellington Inde pendent learns from private sources that this volcano is still in active eruption, and is a grand sight for those travelling up and down the coast. A telegram from Tapuaaeharuru (Taupo), to a Napier papier paper, says : Tongariro has ceased blazing, but smokes at intervals. The side of the cone towards the north-west has fallen in, and a new outlet has burst out nearer Oapira, which appears to be more active than the first one. ' A Traveller' writes to the Courier, pointing out the danger of the Australian colonies in the event of England going to war, in which these colonies will become a great lottery, highly bid for in fleets and armies. He says : — England may think more of such places as Canada than of Australasia, but the rest of the world are not such fools as England is. Canada, if ten degrees further south, might be a valuable colony; but her frozen pine forests, producing nothing but lumber (with which the world is already well supplied from other sources), are but poorly set off by her only advan tage, viz., good navigable inland waters. Money can make canals and railways; money can never make a climate. India, too, with its two hundred millions of un ruly natives, is not so great a prize as Australia, with its boundless fertile sunny pastoral and agricultural downs and val leys, rivalling those of Italy and Spain, and in just the right latitude too ; not to speak of her teeming coal, metals, and other resources; and no natives to subdue or keep in order. A telegram was received in Mel bourne by the last mail to the effect that the appeal in the case of "the Queen v. Hugo Levinger" has been decided by the Privy Council in favor of the defendant. It will be remembered that Levinger was supercargo of the schooner Daphne, a vessel engaged in the "contraband trade" with the South Sea Islands. At one of the islands (Palna) the natives on board commenced quarrelling with each other, and the quarrel ended in a general fight, in which a number of the Palna islanders were killed. The captain was tried in Sydney for his share in the transaction, and Levinger was tried in Melbourne, found guilty of manslaughter, and sen tenced to seven years' imprisonment. It appears that a number of foreigners were summoned on the jury, and the prisoner claimed the right to challenge several of them. Mr. Justice Williams, who tried the case, would not allow this privilege, and the other judges, when the matter was brought before them, concurred in his opinion, being principally guided by a decision of one of the English courts ; and it is because this challenge was not permitted, and not because there was no case against him, that the Privy Council have apparently allowed the appeal. A new trial on the first ground has been ordered by the Council. Under the title of ' What I saw, and what is to be seen,' a roving correspon dent of the 'Pastoral Times' contributes to that journal a sketch of one phase of bush life/ as startling in its grim truth fulness as an etching by Callot, or a picture of a rustic debauch by Jan Steen. He says : — ' A shepherd is travelling with his swag on his back, and a pair of good sturdy dogs at his heels ; he has a cheque in his pocket, i the emoluments perhaps of a couple of year's scraping. He calls at a public house to have his dinner : he is heartily welcomed by the landlord, and the landlady declares that it was only last night she was dreaming of him : he is then asked of his welfare, where he came from, where he is going to ; next he is asked to drink, but declines ; the landlady then says he must have one from her, that it is good, and will do him no harm; he takes the one, his firm resolution is broken ; then he has, after a little talk another from the land lord, just to give him an appetite for his dinner, which is now coming in ; a couple of the most bewitching girls now make their appearance in the bar, the tails of whose trains are yet in the next room, and the poor man thinks he is on the straight road to happiness, and that this pair of * cherubs' are sent to conduct him thither. He then shouts for a round, and his cheque is produced — change is spoken of, but it will be given after din ner ; the poor man knows no more until he finds himself on the hard boards of a verandah, and wonders where he is ; he feels his pockets — he h&s; neithei purse nor money ; he calls his dogs, they are not to be had ; he then goes to the land lord for a solution ; he is told he spent all his money, sold his dogs, made a blackguard of himself, and had to be kicked out, and if not off in a minute would be given in charge of the police. The landlady runs out half-dressed, shies a pewter measure at his head — calls him a contaminating scoundrel — roars out for the ostler to go and fetch the police. The poor man is again bundled out, and he leaves, having nothing but the horrors. In a few days after a dead body is found ; it is searched ; there is nothing in the pockets of the old clothes, and conse quently never was ; word is sent to the police, but no heed is taken.' Such is process of ' lambing down,' which was formerly much more prevalent than it has been of late, and which licensing benches might surely do something to discourage by refusing to renew the licence of any innkeeper known to be guilty of practices of this kind. Yankee Versatility. — American ver satility has often been the subject of remark. A striking instance of it is given in the evidence of one of the wit nesses at the M'Farland trial. Mr. J. C. Howell thus describes his various occupations : — ' Have been in the daguerreotype business 'one year ; carried it on in Freeport, Illinois j pub lished a paper five months at Freeport ; practised dentistry in 1841; practised it ten years altogether; was a drug clerk in Ohio ; in 1840 worked on a farm ; have been in the Government service since 1861 : was a clerk in the Indian Department in Washington city; sold patent rights in 1864; was at that busi ness one year; was Inspector of Cus toms in New York city in November 1864; held that office for two years; then I came down to the hair- pin busi ness ; consider myself now an inventor.' Accouchement Extraordinary. — 'We have been requested to call attention to a very objectionable practice on the part of one or two gentlemen practising as attorneys, of allowing favorite dogs to follow them to the District Court. This was commented upon yesterday by his Honor Judge Dowling, whose observa tions upon the inconvenience of such pro cedure received an illustration during the day in the delivery of a pointer slut, which gave birth to a litter of pups. The animals evidently objected to such an early initiation into the mysteries and difficulties of litigation, and expressed their dissatisfaction so loudly that they had to be removed. — S. M. Herald , 9th September. Important to Shearers. — At this time of year, when so many men will be handling sheep, probably for the first, time, it might be as well to note that animal poisening is not unknown here about, as witness the unfortunate affair at Weranga twelve months or so ago ; and now we have another instance of what a mere scratch may lay a man liable to. About two months since . a trades man in this town, whilst removing lampas from a horse, chipped one of the knuckles of his right hand against the horse's teeth. He paid no attention to the scratch until the hand and arm swelled so that medical aid had to be called in. The doctor cured the great blotch that had resulted from the scratch, but another great blotch broke out farther up the arm, and when that was cured another and yet another here and there all over the arm came like the ghosts in ' Macbeth,' and up to the present time (since the accident) that man has not earned a shilling, and it is very difficult to say when he may have the full use of his right arm again. Now, such a thing as this ought to induce cau tion in those - who have the handling of sheep for the first time — old hands know how to look out— and take care that no accidental scratch remains unattended to for a single hour longer than can be pre vented. — Dalby Herald. The Armament of Victoria. — The Argus of Saturday says : — It will be welcome news to many at present un informed to know the exact amount of the armament possessed by the Vic torian Government. It consists of the following guns, viz. : — Latest pattern of Imperial ordnance authorities, 6 800 pounders, 24 80-pounders ; Armstrong pattern, 6 40-pounders, 6 12-pounders, onrl fi fi-nminrlprR ? Wliitwhrtli ?nn.t.torn 6 3-pounders ; Palliser's pattern, - 20 64-pounders and 2 7-pounders ; smooth bore patterns, 30 68-pounders,. 58 32 pounders, and 2 6 -pounders ; howitzers, 1 24-pounder, and 15 12-pounders. Small arms / rifles), 1835 Enfields, 896 Hay's, 3881 Lancasters, 529 seaser vice, and 573 breech-loaders. Accom panying all these are the stores required by the Queen's Regulations. . There are eight batteries in existence, all in great need of repair ; but their position comes in with the most recently adopted plan of defence/and they could pe quickly put in order to protect the guns they carry. These are at Sandridge, the Lagoon, Emerald-hill Central, Emerald hill Advanced, and St. Kilda Right batteries ; .at Williamstown, the Light house, Central, and Right batteries; and a battery at Queenscliff. Our naval armament will comprise the 4 18-ton turret guns, 11 inch bore, to be brought hither in the Cerberus, and 8 32 pounders, and 1 80-pounder pivot gun, with which H.M.C.S. Victoria can be speedily furnished. At present they consist of the guns ofH.M.V.S. Nelson, ? which is, without exception, the heaviest armed wooden vessel now afloat. Pro tected by cable chains, like the Kear sage, she would stand a close encounter with modern artillery long enough to enable her to make her metal tell upon any but the thickest armour-plates, while she can blow a ship of the Shen andoah class almost out of the water. She is thus provided : She has now an upper deck, a main deck, a lower deck, and an orlop deck. Her armament consists of six 12-pounder howitzers for boat and field practice, and two old 68 pounders, converted by the Palliser process into rifled 150 pounders. These are on her upper deck, the two. heavy guns being fixed on pivot slides on the forecastle. On her main deck are 20 32-pounders of the 42 cwt. pattern, and on her lower decks are her most dan gerous weapons, viz., 20 converted 64 pounders, i.e., the old cast-iron smooth bore 64-pounders re-bored and fitted with double tubing of wrought iron and rifled, all according to Major Palliser's latest invention. Further, there is in the possession of the local Military De partment foil magazine and laboratory stores, a large supply of entrenching tools and miscellaneous stores, and a complete collection of the necessary stores for the creation of a service, for the erection and management of a war telegraph, and the construction, laying, and management of torpedoes of the latest pattern. 