FAITH AND SCIENCE. Man in Genesis and GEOLOGY ; OR, the Biblical Accounts or Man's Creation Tested by Scien tific Theories of His ORIGIN and Antiquity. By the Kev. Joseph P. Thompson, D.D., LL.D. 12 mo., pp. 149. It is a misfortune that the two camps into which the intellectual world is now divided — those of science and religion — understand so little of one another. Even the weapons of one side are almost unknown to the other. Such is the detective training in the theological schools that that great implement with which the army of science has won almost all its grand victories in modern progress— the process of soientific reasoning — is an instrument with which the young theologians are almost utterly unacquainted— the cumulative process of reasoning, by which one little fact is piled upon, another, until at length, after weary labour, a broad generalization can be erected, which shall be a guide to all future investigation ; the delicate and conscientious balancing of probabilities, until at hist a result is obtained a little more probable than any other, and this becomes a clue for other research ; the 'basis of all conclusions solely on facts, though under the guidance of hypothesis, and the confidence in the impera tive, all-embracing nature of law, suffering no exceptions, and eternally and everywhere the same — these are processes and modes of thought to which most theologians are strangers. The conclusions thus obtained seem to them weakly based, the processes too subtile, and the ' Laws' liable to constant interrup tion and exception. The consequence is that at the present time most of our Schools of Theology have no sympathy with modern scientific thought, and do not in the least appreciate the vantage-grounds it has gained. Their instruction in 'Natural Theology' is given precisely as it was twenty or thirty years ago, when Paley was the authority, and as though Darwin and his school had not existed. The enemies they attack no longer exist, and the weapons they hurl fall wide of the mark. They fight with the ghost of the past, instead of the bona fide foes of to-day. When at length the tremendous current of scepti cism and atheism reaches us from England — as it is sure to do in a few years— will our religious guides be prepared to meet it, or shall we repeat the desolate experience of modern Germany in the matter of Faith and Science. On the other hand, the physicists of the day have no proper appreciation of the great facts of conscious ness and of the wants of the soul, and do not regard the experiences or laws discovered in the great 'physical' realm as at all equal in value to those of the world of matter. In their own field they show themselves often as dogmatic and unscientific in their modes of thought as the theologians themselves. Dr. Thompson, the author of the work whose title is given above, is one of the few modern theologians who can look scientific facts and conclusions squarely in the face, and who can appreciate scientific reasoning. Darwinism to his mind is not a spectre of infidelity, nor the confirmation of geology the overthrow of the Bible, nor the ' Antiquity of Man' (if proved) the destruction of religion. His treatment of all these important topics is in great contrast to that of many German and English theologians. He examines each on its own merits, and appreciates the cumulative nature of the arguments of science on each of these questions. He is not too ready to object to a conclusion because it is not fully demonstrated as yet, nor too eager to accept what physicists sometimes claim rather hastily as axioms or settled truths. With all this candid, philosophical habit of mind, and the author's well-known scholastic attainments, it is a pity that his conclusions on so important subjects were given out in this half-colloquial, lecture-like volume, wherein such a miscellany of topics are dis cussed as the Jewish Cosmogony, the Antiquity of Man, Darwinism, the Sabbath, Woman's Rights, the Social Compact, Marriage, and Christian Philanthropy. Dr. Thompson's object, he informs us in this volume, is especially to discuss the great question, ' How to adjust the facts of Science to the Bible ? ' With this purpose, the first great topic which meets him is the Biblical account of Man's Creation. As a cosmogony, he shows its vast superiority in simplicity and majesty to heathen cosmogonies ; but he admits throughout its main purpose to be spiritual rather than scientific, and, though he finds a general concurrence with the late results of science, he does not (as many theologians have so unwisely done) press this harmony too closely. The grand truth which it reveals to the world is, in his view, that the universe is 'the work of a personal Creator.' In discussing the 'Origin of Man,' the author naturally comes at once to the great modern ' Hypo thesis of Development.' His treatment of Darwinism, is remarkably candid : and he admits that the theory is as consistent with the doctrine of creation by a personal God as any other. In fact, he might nave claimed that it is a more worthy conception of the Creator than that which makes him continually interfere in the laws he has formed. His objections to the Hypothesis are scientific and well taken — such as Agassiz or Guyot have offered— though the scientific mind of the world is more and 'more con sidering them as unsound, and is rapidly adopting the theory as if not a complete Hypothesis of Origin, at least a wonderful explanation of great numbers of the forms of life existing. Dr. Thompson wisely takes the ground that the ' Origin of Life' is yet a mystery, and must be referred back to Divine Power— regarding these recent experiments in 'Spontaneous Genera tion' as does the President of the British Association, who, in the recent meeting at Exeter, said - 'In the various processes of crystallization, of precipitation, &c;, which we witness in dead matter, I cannot see the faintest shadow of an approach to the fermation of an organic structure, still less to the wonderful series of changes which are concerned in the growth and even the perpetuation of even the lowliest plant.' To the possible physical generic connection of Man with the lower animals, Dr. Thompson offers the' usual objections— those quoted from M. Rochet as the strongest ; being prepared, however, probably to admit that, if these are ever answered, and man's- physical structure be proved totbe in immediate connection with lower types, the contrast in his spiritual powers with the animals only makes the probability of the independent existence and creation of his soul the stronger. The most ultra development- believers admit that when, under Natural Selection, instinct became mind, there was 'a revolution like a miracle, such as the world had never seen;' so the scientific of development, a supernatural action was as probable as this mysterious change, and that Soul as well as Life may scientifically be claimed as a direct emana tion from ivine Power. The doctor's discussion of 'Human Aatiquity' is the most interesting and scholarly feature of the volume. He examines carefully the different sources of evidence which modern science has revealed, of a much greater duration of man upon earth than had previously been believed. The Egyptian monuments, he admits, throw the date of Egyptian civilization beyond the received date of the flood ; 'the discoveries in the pile-habitations of Switzerland and the Kitchenmiddens of Denmark point back to at least several thousands of years ; and the finding of human remains in company with those of the extinct mammalia, all give a probability of a consider able antiquity to mankind. In our judgment, he rightly estimates the evidence from the implements of the different 'ages' — the stone, flint, and iron ages — as not conclusive on chronology. But the grand .argument for an immense human antiquity, the discovery of human implements and bones in connection with the Drift or the Glacial Period, in places where evidently vast changes of the earth's surface have gone on, is valued at its true importance. With a true scientific spirit he does not attempt at present to reconcile these facts and the apparent chronology of the Bible, suggesting, however, various possible modes of reconciliation ; thus that the Bible record may be the history of the fortunes of one great family of man, and not of all ; that the narration of the early books of the Old Testament may be of only typical men or tribes, without any reference to exact succession of years or centuries, or a condensed epitome of history without dates and a consecutive line of historical events ; and finally, and strongest point of all, that the Bible is not designed as a scientific or chronological work, but as a book of spiritual truth and inspiration. There are .more profound problems in the adjustment of science and religion than any which Dr. Thompson has treated. The great want of the age is of some master mind who has mastered the processes of scien tific reasoning, and has been an original investigator — though not a specialist — in the field of physical facts, and yet who appreciates the facts of conscious ness,-' the laws,' and the mental world, and is imbued with a profound sense of faith, love, and religion. Such a mind would be the benefactor of the new era, and do much toward bringing to an end the great contest of the age—that between science and religion. —— ? The Inverness Courier, in noticing the announcement of an autobiography of Flora Macdonald, preserver of Prince Charles, now preparing for publication by Mr. ' Niniino, of Edinburgh, observes, ' that none of our Scottish historians or topographers who explored so minutelv the wanderings and vicissitudes of Charles Edward, seem to have been aware of the existence of the above manuscript. Flora — or Flory, as she signed her name in her marriage contract —hod a singular and romantic career, and if she recorded fully her own trials and the state of the Highlands in the middle of last century, her autobiography cannot fail 10 possess interest. She was in her twenty-fourth year when she gallantly risked her own freedom to preserve that of Prince Charles. By the Jacobites of that day she was idolized. A private subscription was opened for her, which soon amounted to £1,500, and she sat to Allan Kamsay for her portrait, still preserved in Oxford. The features are decidedly Celtic — the com plexion dark, contrasting wish the ample white rose that decorates the bust. Boswell and Johnson de scribe her in 1773 as a little woman of genteel appear ance and pleasing address. When she returned, the heroine of the day, to the Highlands, her society was courted by all classes, and between three and four years afterwards she gave her hand to young Kings burgh, who was the model of a Highbinder in counte nance, figure, dress, and speech. Affairs do not eeem to have gone prosperously with them, and in 1714 Flora and her husband emigrated to North Carolina. When the war broke out Kingsburgh joined the Boyalist forces, was taken prisoner, but regained his liberty, and served with the 84th in Canada. They returned, and it is related, that the vessel in whic Flora and her husband sailed was attacked by a French privateer, and while the Celtic heroine stood on deck bravi'ly animatirg the seamen, she was thrown down and one of her arms broken. She was destined, how ever, to die at home at last, departing in her 68th year, in 1790, and her shroud being formed of part of the sheets in vrhich Prince Charles slept at Kingsburgh. Here are materials for a romanticbiography ! The hair breadth escapes of the royal wanderer, the state of the Highlands while society yet retained some of the pictu resque features of clanship — the emigrant voyage across the Atlantic, and tbe subsequent American war — the perilous return to Britain— and the final ten years of peace while all was changing in the Highlands and Islands, and the old race was disappearing from the land— such are the striking events in the life of Flora Macdonald. 