THE TOWER GlTOST. We have heard, says the Pall Mall Gazette, of a most mysterious and disagreeable occurrence' at the lower of London which is enough to cut the nerve, of the whole nation on edge. For some days, or rather nights, past the rhndW of an axe has appeared on one of the walls of the building. The shadow made its last appear and. unless we are misinformed, in 1848, but what it has been doing since that time we cannot pay. There is no I bynciH whatever about it now; it, does, not object to be a red at, Mid excites the curiosity of all who JJBYO the pri vilest, is now the i busied, of inspects got A correspondent of the same piper, who HfcCB "P." his in., wri o Ho follewingletur - I am glad to perceive that the To ver of Lords, respects It old edifice as it is, still keeps its ghost, on. all vcncrublobuildings should do. You are p m for not a care that one of the best lots arrested ghost story of this cen't rabi longs to that fortress, an 1 1 was no e refused for telling it to you at this season, as a Christmas ghost story is the din hally allowable. Mr. E (mund Lenthal Swifte-, who is still living, was in 1817 keeper of the Cm vote yes in the Tower of Land' n. He lived in the pool h made, an 1 on a certain Saturday night in 95 per, 1817, wants sitting-room. The door was closed, the window va shut, an heavy curtains excluded the air. It was about an night Two candles were on the table. the rent I give in his own published words " I sat at the foot of the table, roy son on my right-hand 1, his mother fronting the chimney-piece, and her sister on the opposite side, I had offered a glass of wind and water to my wife, when, on putting it to her lips, she paused and exclaimed, ' Good God, what is that -' I looked up and saw a cylindrical figure like a glass tube, seemingly about the thickness of my arm, and heivenng b two on the ceiling and the table. Its contents appeared to be a d was fluid, white and pale azure, like to the string of a summer cloud, and incessantly calling and mingling within the cylinder This lasted about two "mind as, when it began slowly to move before my sister-in-law their full swing the oblong shape of the table before my son and myself pasSing behind my wife ltpiuBedfor ii moment over her right shoulder (observe, there was no mirror opposite to her in which she could then behold it) last filly who crouched down, and, with both han la covering her shoulder, she shrieked out, Oh Christ ' it h IB BB / done Even now, while writing, I feel the fresh horror of that m. mint 1 caught up my chair, struck at the w case it behind her, rushed upstairs to the other children's room, and told the terrified nurse what I had seen Neither my sister-in-law nor my son beheld this appear. ance I am bound to add that shortly before this strange event Some young lady residents in the Tower had been, I know not wherefore, suspected of milking plants historical experiments at their windows, which, boat ob Betvcd, had no command whatever on any windows in my dwelling An additional sentry was accordingly posted so as- to overlook any such attempt. Happening, however, as it might, following hard at heel the visitation of my house hold, one of the night sentries at the jewel oflicy wis, as he paid, ulKrmca by a figure like a huge boar issuing from underneath the door. He throat at it with his bayonet, which stuck in the door, even as my chair dated the wainscot He dropped in a fit, and was carried senseless to the guard room. His fellow sentry declared that the man was neither deep nor drunk, he himself having seen him the moment before awake and sober, Of all this I avouch nothing in life than that I saw the poor man in the guard-house proper ited with terror, and that in two or three days the fatal result, boat of fact or fancy, was that he died. To this it is only necessary to add that the boy was 7 years old. He did not see the ghost The sister in law Ulooloo did not see it, and attributed it to the joint hill fascination of her sister and brother-in-law The Bildior died, as stated, whether after trial by court martial ii, as recorded by Dr. Gregory in his " Letters on Animal M ignet so," or not, I do not know Dr Gregory received his account from Sir David Brewster r, an I it is incorrect in many particulars, or rather it differs from Mr. Swift., which was the result of personal experience The Pall Mall Gazette of a subsequent date accounts for the mystery of the axe A correspondent of that mining camp -"There is, it seems, in one of the towers of that fortress a peculiar old loophole, Se 2 what resembling in shape the capital letter T with the arms shorted , this loophole is in the wall of a closet, outside which there is another wall When the outer wall is in shadow, and the gas light in the closet, a light is thrown on the outer wall through the loophole, which, from its peculiar shape makes the thrown light bear the resemblance to the battle axe " 