LATER EUROPEAN NEWS. BrtheFrench shipBayonnaise, from California, we have farther details of European news to to the 15th December. We extract the follow ing telegraphic news from the Alta California nnd livening Bulletin : — Edinburgh, December 10. — The Scotsman publishes a report, which it declares is entitled to credit, that Lord Clarendon will aoon reopen negotiations with the Unitod States for the settlement of the Alabama -claims. Paris, December 10. — A report from Madrid states it was confidently believed there that President Grant intends to seize Cuba. 'The official "Yellow Book," just published, gives a favourable account of the condition of I France. It states that her relations with ( foreign powers, and their relations with one another are still more amicable since tho conference in dispute between Greece and Turkey was held in Paris. The situation of the North German Confederation is not such as to cause France to change her attitude. In Italy, order is gaining ground in spite of revolutionary movements. The book mnkos an important declaration with regard to the (Ecumenical Council. This body, it says, is beyond the pale of political powers; so the Emperor has resolved to use his right to intervene in its deliberations, and through their representatives all the Catholic Powers approve of this course. The Turkey-Egyptian question is reviewed, and the efforts made to reconcile the Saltan and the Viceroy are dwelt on at length. American affairs are treated as follows : — The advent of General Grant to the Presidency of the United States has made no change in the good relations existing between the two nations. France has assisted tho Government to establish peace betwen Spain and the Pacific Republics, but the sympathy shown by the Unitod States and South America with the Cuban rebellion has unfortunately complicated the settlement of the above question. Concluding this subject, the book says : The French Government has no reason to violate the laws of neutrality. The only nim of this Government is to develop peacefully its foreign relations and guard the interests of France. Paris, December 10. — The Corps Legislatif had another stormy session to-day. An op position deputy demanded the impeachment of M. Forcade, Minister of the Interior. Scenes of confusion followed, such as havo never before been witnessed in the Chamber, and the sitting was adjourned amidst great excitement. The prosecution of the Rappel was caused by a libellous article written by Hugo. It was determined in the conviction of Hugo. Ho has been sentenced to a fine of 1000 francs, with four months' imprisonment, and the publishers of the journal to 1000 francs fine and two months' imprisonment. Chicago, December 10. — The Herald's special from London telegraphs from the continent the report that at the opening of the session of the Anti-Papal Congress at Naples, yester- day, there were present 500 Italian delegates and twenty members from other parts of the world. The inauguration address was de livered by President Ricciardi. Letters of apology for non-attendance wero read from Victor Hugo, Garibaldi, and other distin guished persons and leaders of the radical reform party. These communications were received with great enthusiasm, which endured to the close of the proceedings. Rome, December 10. — Tho Pope delivered .an allooution before the assembled bishops. Ho expressed his satisfaction at being able to open the Council on tho day which had been fixed, and at finding the bishops had come in such numbers to aid the Holy See, helped by the Holy Spirit. Faith in human schemes and all impiety were never before as strong .as at the present day ; for they were well organised, and hid themselves behind pre tended appearances for liberty. But there was nothing to fear, because the Church was stronger even than Heaven. But timo would remedy present evils. The Holy Father con cluded with an invocation to tho Holy Ghost-, to the Blessed Virgin, and to Saints Peter and Paul. London, December 11. — The Yimescondemns the Orange lodges. They answer no end but to perpetuate the idea of two races, one of conquerors, the other of conquered. States men should discountenance them. Rome, December 11. — The Oecumenical Council adjourned till after Epiphany. Much opposition is expected on its re-nssembling, but the Pope is said to be sure of the coopera tion of the American bishops. Paris, December 11. — The French Govern ment has made known to the (Ecumenical Council that the infallibility is an inopportune question from a religious view ; politically, it places France otherwise than according to the Concordats, and releases her from obligations then accepted. Gotha, December 11. — Ernest, Duke of Saxe- Coburg, is dying, Prinoe Alfred, of England, is heir. Paris, December 11. — Marforis, the intend- ant of ex-Queen Isabella, has published au emphatic denial of the story that the Queen took the Crown diamonds on her retirement from Madrid. Madrid, December 11. — The Cortes rejected the bill of the regency for indemnifying the exiles under the monai-chy. The Cortes voted unanimously for the restoration of constitu tional guarantees. Lisbon, December 11. — Fears were enter tained of the breaking out of a rebellion in various parts of Portugal. The authorities are active. London, December 11. — A report from the Admiralty Office says that for a distance of thirty-five miles the Suez Canal is subject to sand drifts reducing the depths, and to thick fogs bewildering the pilots. London, December 12. — It is reported that Mr. Lowe, Chancellor of the Exchequer, does not find it necessary to raise a loan in open market to provide the means for the purchase of the telegraph lines, in accordance with the recent Act of Parliament. Paris, December 12. — Private advices re ceived here assert that General Prim contem plates a coup d'etat. He is sure of eighty votes' in the Cortes, and will proclaim the Duke of Ge.uoa King, and then present a law of the Cortes making himself Regent during his minority. It is said that he confidently relies oil the-support of the army, the generals being in his favour, and that he will send for the Duke of Genoa to carry out the scheme. On the other hand, a public despatch from Madrid announces that Prim made a speoch yesterday in the Cortes,. in .which he denied any inten tion to make a coup d'etat. He declared, however, that he believed an immense majority in the oonntry were in favour of the Dnke of Ganoa ; that hia mother was willing her son should accept the crown, and in all probability tho duke would soon be proclaimed King. A telegram from Rome states that the Pope has issued a decree providing that in the case of his death the (Ecumenical Council shall be dissolved, and none but cardinals take part in the election of his successor. London, December 13. — The trial of Rev. Gwiney and othors commenced at Guild Hall. Keannolly opened for tho prosecution. Chief Justice Cockburn presided. Vienna, 13tli December. — The Emperor Francis Joseph opened the Reiehratli to- day withaspeech. He favouredaconciliatorycourse in dealing with the Dalmatian insurrectian ; dwelt upon the peaceful appearance of European I affairs with satisfaction ; declared the Austrian | Empire in excellent relations with foreign powers, even on a point which had momentarily caused some trouble ; referring to internal affairs, ho announced that important conces sions would he made to different nationalities ; a modification of the constitution would he necessary, hut must be made in accordance with its spirit. He closed by promising that the autonomy of the provinces would he respected as long as was compatible with tho mainten ance of the unity and power of the Empire. Paris, December 13. — Dispatches from Lisbon report more political agitation iu Por tugal. A military movement has been com menced by Duke Saldaliua, which is assuming largo and threatening proportions. The break between the King and duke is daily widening. The resignation of the Ministry is momentarily expected, and as soon as it takes place the King will appoint another, and will resist the in' fluenco of the Duke of Salduhua. Disorders are reported at Oporto. London, December 13th. — Tho remains of George Peabody were received aboard the iron clad Monarch on Saturday. The ceremony was attended with many demonstrations of re spect. Several distinguished persons accom panied the'remains to the place of embarkation, where they were received by the city authori ties of Portsmouth and the officers and marines of the Monarch and the United States steamer Plymouth. The ships in tho habour displayed flags at half-mast and dipped ensigns as the Monarch steamed out, and minute guns were fired. Minister Motley addressed Captain Commerell, commander of the Monarch, refer ring to the honour paid Mr. Peabody by tho heads of two great nations in sending two war vessels as a special escort to his remains to his native country. On the part of the relatives of the deceased he confided the remains to tho captain's keeping. Captain Commerell replied, accepting the sacred trust, and assuring him the remains should be cared for with the most jealous interest. Rome, December 13. — The CEcnmenical Council meets to-morrow simply for the pur pose of attending to the details of organisation. Committees on Faith, Discipline, Orders, and Eastern Affairs will be formed. These committees comprise eiuhty-six members. The official list of persons entitled to attend tho Council is published, and contains the names of fifty-five cardinals, eleven patriarchs, nine hundred and twenty-seven archbishops, bis hops, and abbots, twenty-two mitered abbots, and twenty-nine generals of religious orders. New Yoik, December 15th. — A London special says George Peabody's will has not yet passed to probate at the Doctors' Commons. Peabody's property in England is set down at under £400,000. He bequeaths £5000 to each of his executors, £150,000 to his London charity, payable in three years as dirocted ; a fow legacies of minor amonnts to individuals, and the remainder to be divided as provided among his rolatives in America. The trustees are George Peabody Russell and two others, nephews, who are made residuary legatees, empowered to settle all affairs connected with the property in America, which is estimated at from three-quarters to one million dollars. London, December 14. — The steamer Monai'ch, having the remains of George Peabody, has not yet put to sea, owing to a heavy gale. Much alarm is created by tho sudden breaking out of the rinderpest in tho groat cattle show in this city. London, December 13. — Her Majesty's Ministers held three Cabinet meetings during the week, to consider the present critical condition ot public affairs in Ireland, with the state of the island generally. It was resolved to proclaim the 'county Tipperary, province of Munster, and county and city of Londonderry, in Ulster, as being in a state of insurreotion, as described in a late Act of Parliament pro viding therefor, and so empowering them to act ; that five thousand additioual troops be immediately despatched to Ireland, raising the total force of the regular army there to about thirty thousand men. This is to meet tho emergency at present. On the assembling of Parliament, on tho 10th of January, a bill will be immediately introduced to empower tho Government to suspend tho habeas corpus in Ireland by executive order, not waiting for an Act of tho Legislature, when deemed necessary for public safety to do so. The Herald's special from Naples says that tho Council of Deists, or Anti-Papal Radical Assemblage, which met there on the 9th, turned out a dead failure. A proposition to favour another Fronoh occupation of Rome, and endorsing to some extent the last, met with serious opposition in the Assemblage. Dublin, December 14. — A gun shop in this city was entered last night by unknown parties, and the ownor shot. The assassins escaped. Another gun shop was entered shortly after and the owner fired at. A number of pistols were taken away. Madrid, December 14. — The Carlists are verv active on the French and Portuguese frontiers. Paris, December 14. — Paul Angels, deputy in the Spanish Cortes, a fugitive from Spain, has been ordered to leave France. Eugenie has written a letter to the Pope expressing regret at not being able to visit his Holiness. Rome, December 14. — Tho bishops have brought a number of addresses by priests to the Pope, from the faithful in all parts of the world. London, December 15. — An important Papal Bull has been issued under tho seal of strict secrecy, establishing regulations for the (Ecumenical Council. In his exordium, his Holiness exhorts bishops to live in the prac tice of charity, humility, sobriety, and pious eor.templation during the session of the Council. He declares that although the right of making propositions for the Council belongs only to himself nnd the Court of Rome — " ad no8 et ad sanctum, sedam" — ho desires and exhorts every father to think it his duty to make propositions, but on these conditions : First, the proposition bo made in writing, I submitted to a Council of Bishops named by the Pope ; second, the proposition to have for its object tho general interests of the Church, not a particular diocose ; third, it shall be accompanied by a statement of the motives which led to its presentation ; fourth, it shall be conformable to the spirit of the traditious of the Catholic Church. His Holiness imposes secrecy on every person concerned in tho conciliator' labours. The order of precedence is fixed as follows : — Cardinal, Bishop, Car dinal-Priests, Cardinal-Deacons, Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Gen erals of Monastic Orders. Fathers aro au thorised to designate ten of their number to be charged with tho judicial settlement of contestations arising among themselves. The Bull appoints the officers of the Council, naming as Logates or Presidents over the general congregations, Cardinals De Rosacb, De Lncca, Cuzarre, Bilio, and Capalti. Fathers who dosiro to harangue tho assembly must obtain authorisation from the legate on tho evoning of tho preceding day on which they intend to speak. Those who intend to pro pose canons must first submit thein to one of the four commissioners on the fourth dis cipline of religions orders and Oriental affairs, these commissioners to bo chosen by the fathers, but each to be presided over by a cardinal to bo named by the Pope. Tho Bull prohibits the fathers absenting themselves before the conclusion of the Council, and authorises them to reside outside thoir dioceses during the entire period of tho Council. A majority of tho bishops are dis satisfied with many provisions of tho Papal Bull. Paris, December 15. — Tho Carlist insur rectionists continuo active ou the French border. Several cases of arms, suspected to belong to them, wero seized yesterday by the French authorities at Baj'onne. 