THE AGE AND THE WRITTEN WORD. Beware of t7ie busy mocker; of the man who delights to fling heedlessly the seeds of unbelieving thought; of him who, like the mad man in the Proverbs, casts about him ' firebrands, arrows, and death,' and then exclaims, 'Am I not in sport?' Many such persons there are : and, for the most part, they are as unscrupulous as they are heartless. Armed perhaps with difficulties which they have been at no pains to look into; with obiections which have been answered again and again: with arguments they know to be specious, and hypotheses in which they do not believe themselves— they hesitate not to sow, in the heart of a young man, that first seed of religious doubting, which though it be the smallest of all seeds at first, may in the end become a great tree ; a tree which will continually spread forth its branches till it has destroyed, by its withering and wasting shadow, all reverence for a father's teaching, and all faith in a father's God. And what will the mocking scorn er have left you as compensation for that pile of cast-off beliefs which tells the story of his triumph? . He calls it a ? peace. You find it a solitude — a dreadful solitude: — a dreary blank of soul with no truth in the past, no solace in the pre sent, no hope for the future. You look up; but the God is silent — if there be One. You listen for some voice from the spirit within you, but you catch nothing but the murmur of an almost desired annihilation, or the low moan of unutterable despair. Say not I am dealing with mere alarmists' fictions, in speaking thus. By many of you will have been read that picture of an overshadowed grave, described in such thrilling words by a living prelate, when preaching before the sister University. Whilst if further proof be wanting of the insup portable loneliness of soul, which comes when faith in revela tion is gone, let one testify, who knows what the experience is. ' Having given up its belief in divine revelation the mind is haunted by a sense of deprivation. ... It is useless for reason .to convince itself to weariness that Christianity is a fable, while the heart keeps protesting that it contained a re sponse to her need, whose, absence leaves her cold and void. It' would be much better for reason to cease its claim to be' solely attended to, till her wants have been supplied.' Oh ! who sees not that there is a chastisement of unbelief even in this life : and that, apart from the retributions of a future world, there is awful .truth, in those words, ' He that believeth not is condemned already.' The other practical observation I wish to leave with you is, that aright understanding of the truth will always be found in connection with right affections towards the God of truth. 'If any man will do His will,' said our Lord, 'he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God.' You cannot be ignorant of the fact that, on the principles of Christianity, all unbelief is sin, and all faith is the gift of God. Scripture always assumes the sufficiency of its own evidence to convince, if conviction be honestly desired, and if the means for arriving at conviction be earnestly and devoutly employed. The uncertainty or the darkness is not in the Scripture: ''tis man's dim eye creates the obscurity.' Of a celebrated divine in Pope's day, and deemed worthy of honoured mention in his verse, it is related that when a young man, on one occasion, entered his study, saying that his mind was sorely perplexed with some Scripture difficulties, he said to him, ' Before I hear your difficulties, let me ask you one thing — did you take them in humble prayer to .God before you came to me ?' With a natural shame, the young man confessed he had not. u Then,' replied the divine, 'I must decline to hear you. Prayer is one of the first duties of natural religion : and he who lives in the neglect of that, must not expect to solve the difficulties of a religion that is revealed.' The reproof was just; and proceeded upon a supposition which all observation goes to confirm, that the common seat of infi delity is in the heart. Until the moral obstacles to the recep tion of the Gospel are tafeen away; until a man has come to feel, in his own soul, the adaptation of the Bible disclosures to all the exigencies of his moral condition — to ieel, by the power of the Holy Ghost, the sufficiency of the Word to enlighten, to console, to guide, to sanctify — magnify that Word as we may, he will never be able to discern in it all the traces and hand writing of the living God. The characters indeed are there, graven as with an iron pen, distinct and clear as the stars of heaven — but the veil upon the heart remains untaken away, and therefore the man reads, in vain. Such a man is a subject not for our reproofs, but for our compassions; not so much for the convincing argument as for the subduing prayer: — prayer that he may be brought under higher and more effectual teaching.; prayer that the fetters of an intellectual pride may be broken ; prayer that he may be led by the Spirit into all truth — that truth which Christ has revealed, and the only truth which can make him free. — Daniel Moore, M.A. 