CITY CORRESPONDENCE. fFrom our own Correspondent.! Adelaide. February 17.1870. I "Cheering in the gallery," Sir George Kingston (letters-patent of knighthood out by last mail, you know); that won't do. But Mr. Bright g$ve the cherubs moral provocation- Mr. Bright is developing a grand faculty fbj- Johnsonianism in the rough. He will do something one of these days to take the shine out of Chatham—to aay nothing of the psendo«Brighfe at Westminster. - On Tuesday afternoon the hon. member for Stanley was having hia accustomed slash at the Government, when he disclosed to the House, as the result of his peregrinations among the electors, that one and aU of them stated there had never been such disgraceful scenes enacted as there had been during the. present session of Parliament. " Hansard" interpolates here. (Loud Opposition and Ministerial cheering, and stamping in the galleiy.) The gallery was threatened with a clearance, and Mr. Bright proceeded with his speech, which ended in a motion for adjournment till to-morrow, at 3 o'clock^ It was formally seconded, and the division immediately taken. " That of course settles it," said the Attorney G-eneral, when the result had been announced— sixteen against fifteen. But the nature of the settlement was kept a secret till next afternoon, I don't think the Opposition ever were really tightened for a dissotutieB-,-and-the-vehemence with which the Ministers threatened it privately did not enhance the danger. People could not reconcile the idea of their obtaining such a privilege from the Governor with the known relations which subsisted between the two,.' In stances are known in full details where the "advisers" have been snubbed, and personal differences are matter of notoriety. No one has ever in thought done Sir James the injustice of supposing that he had any personal respect for them. Much less has any one anticipated thftfc his parting from them would be painful. But if' he has been chaiy of manifesting regard for-them, or doing them any public honour, there is equally little evidence of any movement on his part to. release himself from them. He has had oppor tunities which other Governors might have turned to account, but no result has followed from any of them. During the first month of his administration he caused surprise by coun tenancing the removal of Biggs. When the Treasurer made his fiasco in September, there might have been viceregal scruples about giving him a chance to repeat it; but if there were any, Mr. Strangways must have succeeded in over coming them. When Mr. Bartley's removal was censured by the Assembly, it was positively said that Sir James would not allow his " advisers" to eat the leek and alter their advice; but only on Tuesday Mr. Strangways intimated that Mr. Barfcley would be put right as soon as the Appropriation Bill had passed. The most re markable case, however, of viceregal indulgence was allowing the Government to suspend the payment of the Civil Service, and boast that they intended it as a party manoeuvre. But for the determined resistance of the Assembly there would have been a pretty mess then, and His Excellency could not have avoided some implica tion in it—if, indeed, he was not committed by the first move. The "unknown number" in all the political calculations of the day was the viceregal number. It seemed incredulous that a Government which had incurred the contempt of all parties, and whose every action had been a miscarriage, should have their existence prolonged from above. But themore the public would not believe, the more Ministers asserted that they had been promised a dissolution. Almost as strange things had hap pened' before, and it would be quite in accordance . with Ministerial luck, which actually begins to smell of Mephistopheles. But the Opposition defied, all risks. It is due to the " irreconcilable factions" to say that since war to the knife be came unavoidable, they have fought well and worked well together. Mr. Strangways may have calculated on a vision of the hustings recalling some of his deserters. It succeeded with one— the redoubtable Dan Fisher; but Dan's recovery had to he paid for by several other losses. Both oa Thursday and on Tuesday two or three Ministerialists were conspicuous by. their absence —among them your Mr.. Lewis, who, it is said,, has positively declined to, bolster up the Govern? ment any further. He will not turn against it, but as far he is concerned; ft must swim for its life. Had Mr. Lawis continued in his place, there would have- been a tie on Tuesday, which Strangways would have claimed as a virtual triumph. It is a wonder he did not plead the absence of hi& squatting reserve, for Riddoch and Mortlock have both disappeared. But thoy may, since the passage of the Pastoral Bill, have assumed the kind of independence which cannot be depended upon. I suspect Mr. Eiddoeh's hauling off has another cause. He may not be over well pleased with the Ministry for their management of the South-Eastern Railway BilL The ghost of a chance has evaporated now, aud it will be a bold Ministry which invokes a re appearance. The Hotel Europe is at it again; but has bound itself over to keep the peace toward the weaker * brethren, whoh-ive still & lingering faith in free trade. Dissolution and a new: Land Bill are the exciting themes which Charles Simeon and his . satellites nowTexpouh<lio the cototiy. They meditatearegufia* campaign, fiOfciiithe eptiitteit ing gassy style of the Industrial Leagae, out o$ afcW old ,politiGaI association kind. They hare tjirtse ihoBfchs' vitality in them if they can manage to bold their hands off each other's throats so j long; but. they jure quite as likely to die by violence as of inanition. Their term will depend on whether they get a dissolution or not. With ^dissolution they might frothaway for six months, :. biit without it they will grow stale in as many weeks. The Castor and Pollux of the movement were up among the farmers at Woodside last week; but Hodge preferred to manage his business in his own way. He had the courtesy, however, -to invito Messrs. Clark & Skelton into the bar afterwards, and to shout to the success of the new crusade. Skelton whipped out his pano rama of the South-Eastern > Railway, which he carries about with him for the edification of the Treasurer's Mends. . He pointed out the areas at Njftrraeoote which, the artist has pub in about the size of & cabbage garden; and then Riddach's estate at Penala, which monopolises nearly all the rest of the district. It was in helping to look for the areas at Norwood Town Hall that Dan Fisher was so suddenly converted, and next day gave a no-confidence motion. But the Attorney General must since have revised Dan's geography, for his vote has reverted to the ministerial bidder. ! One solid stroke has already been done by the : Charles Simeonites in getting up a dissolution memorial. It bears now 4,000 signatures—a .sound proof of the unpopularity of the House, though no guarantee that dissolution would im prove it. The electors have not had this question placed before them yet on its clear merits. In the memorial it was associated with several other subjects, as to" which special action is really neces sary—land reform is-one, and change of govern ment is another. The memorialists had no op portunity of distinguishing these, and Mr. Skelton would have shown greater judgment in keeping them separate. Possibly veiy few of the 4,000 would have signed for a dissolution alone, and many of those who expressly advocate disso lution would hesitate if they could see how they will be'playing into the hands of the Government. . Why should not the present Opposition enjoy all the privileges and rights of an Opposition P Jfe is said they axe factious office-seekers ; but the At^ torney-General himself was branded as factious office-seeker when he turned out his predecessors, j Some who are now his own followers joined in a resolution declaring that they had no. confidence in- him. He playp the same card against Mr. ! Reynolds to-day; but it is not convenient for him j to pbserve that the Reynolds party is far better { consolidated than the caucus which patched up. a ! cabinet for him in 1868. He and his organs say j th*.t theOpposition are at si^es and sevens amongst thfemselves; but they have at least established their right to try the efficacy of the Treasury j benches in harmonising them. They have been j strong enough to break his government to shivers,, j and be is the last man who should; pronounce on 1 their ability to form another. All he has to do is to let them try, aud if he can, to treat them as. I tbey have treated him. But in going to the country npw he is running away with the stakes, j ! because he fears he will lose them. As captain : of a team which has had a long innings without j making a score, he wishes to. change the players j on the other side if possible. He may tiy; but j he will find more of them hard to put out, and j his. own ragamuffin following may prove farther afield than before. PJ3. Dissolution is the word. Mr. Strangways has-said it; but the Assembly won't listen to it,. After- hearing the Attorney-General's state ment—a delightfully cool piece of self-glorifica tion—they *gent on for several- hours bewailing themselves for not having turned out the Govern ment before. The Governor was not spared, and there is more coming for him. Even the Skel- i tonian memorialists see that he haabeen arbitrary and one-sided, in not allowing, the Opposition a chance. When he reads the Attorney-General's explanation of the grounds on which, a dissolu tion had been granted, he may begin to suspect that there are some as astute fellows, in the colony as mmself. 3/tTdoes not matter a straw to Strang ways what the House thinks of him, or what the public, think; but.Sir James cannot aflbrd to be quite so careless, even were it his nature to be so. He will not on cool reflection admire, himself in the apt of going shares with the Attorney-General in one of the most shameless pieces of chariatanry that could be perpetrated. He is in the hands of t| colonial Disraeli, who is none the less, master for being his nominal servant. 