* LITERARY NOTICES. -! THE vntno of Mr. Douglas Frcshficld's'".Travola in Central ' Caucasus and Bashan, including visi ts to Ararat and Tnhroez, nnd ascents of Knzbeo and ' Elbruz," moy bo judged of by tho following descrip- tion of tho ascent of tho11 Great Caucasian tower, Elbruz, 18,193 foot nbovo tho lovel of tho soa, and which had never Leen ascended until Mr. Freshfield and his companions plnccd their adventurous foot on ! tho bare patch of rock which crowns tho lofty sum jmt.of tho mountain:-"Near the point," says our traveller, " where tho snow began to slope towards tho baso of tho mountain, tho crisp surface broke under my loot, and I disappeared, ns suddenly as through a trap door into a crevasse. Paul, who was next behind me on tho rope, was horror-struck, und his first impulso was to rush to tho brink to seo what had become of me-ac oursa of proceeding which hud to bo summarily checked by my companions. Tho crernsso was ono of thoso which gradually enlarge ns they descend ; but the check given hy tho rope enabled mo nt once to plant my foot on n ledgo on ono side und my bnek against" thc other. The position was moro ludicrous limn uncomfortable. I hud holli hands in my pockets and my ien-uxo under my arm ; und owing to tho tightness of tho rope und tho cramped space, it was not easy to mnko j tho axe scrvicenblo without feur of dropping it into tho unknown depths below. Tho snow-crust on tho j sido of tho hole 1 hud mndo broke away beneath my I «rms when I tried to raise myself on it, und it cost us nil a long struggle before I wns hauled, out and ! landed Huffily. Tho slopes now steepened, tho cr;Jd grew more intense, and tho wind almost uuheurublo, so that altogether tho prospect wns fur from cheer- ing. Tho morning star aroused ns to ii temporary enthusiasm hy the strungo accompaniments und brightness of its rising. Heralded by a glow of light which mndo ono of tho jmrty exclaim, ' There comes the sun !' it leaped forth with n sudden splen- dour from nmid the Hushes of lightning playing in tho dark cloud that lay below, shrouding tho distant steppe. Tho Bhoek wns momentary, (ind wo soon srefapsod into a stute of icy despair," which was not diminished hy tho sudden desertion of Pun], who, fairly heuten hy the intense cold, turned unu lied down our traces. For hour after hour we went on without n halt, hoping that tho sun would hi ing with it un increase of warmth. A sunriso viewed from ii height equal to that of tho top of Mont Blanc is n scene of unearthly splendour, of which words cnn convey hut n fcehlo impression. A sudden kindling of tho eastern ranges first warned us to ho on the watch ; in «moment the snows upon which wowcro standing, tho crags above us, indeed tho wholo atmosphere, were suil'iised with roso-piuk. Tho cloud on tho Bummit which had chunged from black to grey ns daylight dawned, now caught tho prevailing flush, anil suddenly melted away, liko a ghost who hud outstayed his time. As tho hues fuded, tho sun's orb rose in tho east, and Hooded us with a stream of golden rays, which wcro soon merged in tho clear light of dny. There was no increaso of warmth ns yet, und, despite the improved look of tho weather, it beenmo a serious question whother wo could go on. By half-past 7 n.iu. wo were ut a height of over 10,000 feet, and hud now renched tho rooks which formed tho upper portion of tho cone. Ending what shelter wo could among them, wo stood shivering, kicking our feet nguinst tho rock, and beating our fingers to preserve them, if possible, from frost-bite, whilo tho debato whether wo should tum back or not, was enrried on in voices almost inaudible from tho chattering of our teeth. On tho ono hand the wind did not abate nnd tho risk of frost-hites was growing serious. Tucker and Francois had no sensntion in their fingers, und my toes were similarly affected. On tho other hand tho rocks woro less cold to tho feet and gavo some shelter from tho j weather. Looking buck, wo saw to our snrpriso two of tho porters advancing rapidly in our foot- steps. Wu had nlmost decided to turn when they came np* to us, looking fairly comfortable in their I big sheepskin clonks, nnd quito unaffected hy tho I cold. A third, however, who had started with thom, hud, like Paul, given in. I said-' If ti porter goes on, I will go with him.' 'If one goes nil go,' added Moore. The decision was accepted, and w-o ngnin set our fnecs to the meunluin. From this timo tho cold, though Boverro, ceased to ho painful. A long climb up easy rocks mostly broken small, with hero and tho ro u lurgo knob pro- jecting from the surface, brought us to tho foot of u low cliff, to surmount which a few stops woro «ut in an ice-couloir, tho only approach to a difliculty on the mountain. Arrived on tho top of . what hnd long been our sky-line, wo saw ns much moro rock above us. Doubts were oven now felt and expressed aa to our success. Wo persevered, how- ever, milking but lbw and short halts, until tho baso of some bold crags wo hnd taken long to reach wns passed. Almost suddenly, at tho lust, wo found our- selves on a lovel with their tops, und stepped on to a broad crest running cast und wost. Wo turned to the wost and faced tho wind for a finul struggle. Tho ridgo was easy, and, led by tho porters, wo marched ulong it in procession, with our bunds in our pockets und our ico-uxes under our anns, until it eulininniod in H hare patch of rock surrounded by snow. Thin summit wns nt ono end of n horso-shoo ridge, crowned by throo distinct eminences, und includiug ii snowy plateau, which, oven to our unlearned oyes, irresistibly suggested an old orator. Tho rocks which wo picked up und carried down with us ino of a volcanic charnctor. We walked, or rather run round tho ridgo to its extremity, crossing two considerable depressions, ind visiting all three tops ; under tho furthest, ii tower of rock, wo found shelter und a quito endurnblo temperature. Thcro wo sat down, to examino, as fur us possible, into tho details ot' tho vast panorama. Tho two natives pointed out tho various valleys, whilo wo endea- voured to recognize tho mountains. Light clouds were driving against tho western fuco of tho peak, und ii sen of mist hid tho northern steppe-other- wise tho view wns clear Boginning in tho east, tho feature of tho panorama was tho central chain between ourselves mid Knzbcc. I never saw any group of mountains which boro so well being looked down upon ns tho great peaks which stund over tho sources of the Tchcrok arid Tehcgem. Tho Pennines from Mont Blanc look puny iu comparison with Koschtnntnu and his neighbours from Elbruz. Tho Caucasian groups uro finer and tho peaks shurpor, nnd lhere was a suggestion of unseen depth in tho trenches separating thom, that I never noticed so forcibly in any alpino viow. Turning southwards, tho double-toothed Usehbu still asserted himself, although at last dis- tinctly beneath UH ; tho grouter part of tho summits and snowtlolds of tho chain between us und Sunnotiu Iiiy, us on a relieved ump ut our toot, und wo could soo beyond thom tho snowy-cicstod ranges of tho Turkish frontier." Thu ascent of Kaxboe, and visits to other piucos uro described in much tho sumo sort of stylo. His ii pity Hint Mr. Freshfield is not n little moreskillod in drawing word-pictures. A litorury nrtist of tho right sort inighthiivogivon usa prosopoorn from tho drouriest peak of Caucasus, instead of u mero dry dotnil of tho muscular exertion displayed, and tho physical Bullering experienced, during thu ascent of tho mountain. In tho abHoneo of tho noeesHiiry literary ability to do justice to such scenes as opon on tho sight of a traveller who ascends a lofty peak liko that of Elbruz, how advantageous would it ho for tho traveller to provide himself with a small portuUacauieru, containingu fow dry pintes, which, nftorSfk)Huro, mightbo developed nt pleasure. Ho would tims bo nblo to preservo un accurate record of tho scones of tho luouuUiiii top, and from this record any number of copies might bo taken for tho uso of his friends nnd tho public. An instrument hus boon niunufacturod wiri patented quito recently in London, which will bo of great uso to tourists, nnd cnnhlo them to supply any number of illustrations of their travels. This instrument is capiiblo of containing a camera und lens, twenty-ono sonsilivo piules ready for exposure, und nil other requisites, tho size of tho wholo being no moro than eight inches high by llvo inches deep. Tho lower part of tho apparatus contains tho sunsitivo plates, which, by tho notion of two hila- dles, uro brought up tobo oxposud in thu enmura, and then stored away without there being any chance of either a hitch om failure The only skill required on tho purl ol' tho tourist in using this instrument would ruin tu to thu length of timo during which tho plates should bo exposed, and this amount ol' skill could ho eially acquired. WowiBhMr. Fre.shlleld had hud int apparatus of this sort when ho wtis on tho top of tho (Jiiueusus. Thero is always however, " a good timo.eotiiiiig," Not only ia it possiblo that El brun will bo climbed by other travellers, hut other pouks of vast height in thu Binnu rungo hiivu yet to bo ascended, and havo yet to crownadventurous tourists with snell fumo us belongs to thoso whoso loot first press tho mountain*!' misty top. Tho Minghi-tnn, tho doublo- tuskcd Usehlm, tho Tan Horkusunol, tho .jMUHt'litiuituu, and tho Dichtau (tho lutter 10,011 feet arovo tho seu-lovel) havo, in most casos, novor boen pressed by tho foot of man, Photographs, and moro especially storeoscopio photographs, of tho sconory of theso mountains, and ol' tho sconory of other ranges of mountains, would constitute a valuable educa- tional instrument for schools and families, 