GUNDAGAI AND WAGGA WAGGA CRICKET MATCH. OUR eleven returned to town on Sunday evening after a wretched journey to and from Gundagai. The road is represented as in a frightful condition, and almost impassable in places. Intelligence from the field reached Wagga on Saturday night, when we were advised that our forces had been vanquished, rather ignobly (as was said), having been compelled to strike their colours to the Gundagai invincibles in one innings. Until the return of our men, who managed to make a very orderly retreat, we could not obtain any reliable particulars, of course ; but it is very clear from their account that their defeat was to be attributed to tho atmospheric action rather than to the exercise of superior skill or endurance on the part of the "inimy." The Gundagai eleven, under the genial influence of number two, candidly admitted in the evening, with postprandial magnanimity, that "a fair trial of skill had not taken place, and that our men were men for a ????." The Wagga Wagga eleven showed great pluck and honesty of purpose in starting at all, seeing that they were perfect strangers to the ground they had to contend upon, and had to play the morning after a journey which threatened insurmountable difficulties and much fatigue owing to the condition of the roads and the very heavy rain which fell incessantly the night previous to their departure, and had not ceased up to eight o'clock on Friday morning. True to their purpose, however, they forged ahead, and on reaching Gundagai found they were not expected, owing to the state of the weather and roads. The first division got in about four p.m. ; the captain with his section (having been delayed at starting) put in an appearance about nine o'clock. They took up their quarters at Host Cummins's Commercial Hotel. The night was dry, although cloudy, and the morning broke without rain, but showed a lowering aspect. The ground being of a rather sandy nature where the contest was to take place, was in very fair order when the wickets were pitched, about eleven o'clock on Saturday morning. All the elite of Gundagai was upon the ground, and the warm glances of beauty were considered a very tangible and stimulating substitute for the absent sunshine. Refreshment tents were there, and nothing wanting to renew the inner man during the fatigue of the strife that was to come. Before play commenced, some little difference took place, owing to an impression that the Gundagai eleven were represented in part by men from Tumut and Adelong. This the Wagga captain objected to (very properly as it appears to us); but Gundagai frankly admitting the fact, the preliminaries were arranged in all friendliness without an appeal to arms, and the play commenced. The Wagga Wagga eleven, as tha challengers, meeting the enemy on their own ground, had by courtesy tho right of first sending thoir men to tho wickets. This prerogative was, however, waived in favour of Gundagai, who opened the play by sending in their men and scoring 93, having had the advantage of dry ground and atmosphere during their innings. No sooner had our eleven prepared themselves than the rain descended in torrents—bats, balls, and players were all saturated. The run which the Gundagai men had beaten up, became a perfect trough of mud and water. When the ball was delivered, the batsmen were blinded by the splashing slush, whilst the ball plunging and ducking along the water- way could not be calculated for, and was with difficulty met at any time ; and when struck (with force sufficient to secure half-a-dozen runs on ordinary ground) no momentum could be imparted to it. If a run was secured, it was at the risk of breaking the batsmen necks. The ground was a slough of despondency, and it was clear no human efforts could overcome the natural difficulties placed ill the way of our men. It is not surprising therefore that they scored only 14, and were sent in again by their oppo- nents, who saw clearly what must follow, whilst the merciless rain continued unceas- ingly. The second innings produced only 20, and our men, thoroughly vanquished by tho elements, threw up their bats to their opponents, who thus claimed the victory in one innings. In the afternoon, when the weather had held up, a match of single wicket was arranged between five picked men from each eleven. The circumstance being now equal, our cricketers, with three wickets to spare, knocked the Gundagaites into "cocked hats;" and they had not quite recovered their natural shapes when our men left, although it is possible this might be owing in some measure to THE DINNER. The rival cricketers sat down in the evemng to a splendid spread, got up in Host Phillips's best and well-known style, and at itho charges of the Gundagai eleven, who had prepared the dinner in honour of their late opponents, now tlicir guests. Covers were laid for thirty persons, and twenty-seven sat down. The Chair was ably filled by W. Hayes, Esq., and — Crae, Esq., solicitor, as ably carried out the Vice. It is needless to say the utmost cordiality and good fellowship prevailed. The usual loyal toasts were disposed of iu such a way as must have convinced even Parkes that there was not the ghost of Feniamsm in Gundagai. Then Gundagai toasted Wagga Wagga, and Wagga toasted Gundagai. Everyone was jolly, and the whole company were "jolly good fellows, everyone." Why had they not known each other sooner ? "Too late they met, too soon to part!" Gundagai became magnanimous and con- fidential ; admitted like men that their eleven had been mustered partly from Tumnt and Adelong; but what's the odds, they would give Wagga a chance next time, and let them bring men from Hay and Urana. This, would balance the account. They knew the Deities of Mount Parnassus had thrown their influence into the scale, and caused the fate of Wagga to kick the beam. Jupiter Pluvius was at the bottom of it. Wagga had no Mount Parnassus, and there- fore had no Deities. This roused the ire of the young gentleman for Wagga who had returned thanks for the ladies, and he swore roundly he "would not allow the angels of Wagga to be insulted, &c.;" This caused the mirth to grow fast and furious. Half-a-dozen songs were volunteered by half-a-dozen vocalists at the same time, who went through their melodies under the impression that a great chorus was being maintained to keep them individually in countenance. Hands were joined, Auld Lang Syne most pathetically rendered, and exciting tears in the most sensitive of the company. All sorts of interesting and very original modes of amusement were indulged in until reaction set in and quiet reigned supreme. About daylight a number of uncertain individuals might be seen endeavouring to realise their exact geographical, position, and wondering how on earth it was they came to be dressed so early! THE WEATHER.—The late rains, which have been very general throughout this and the conterminous districts, have had the effect of filling most of tho watercourses and dams, and thoroughly saturating the country. Kyamba and other large creeks, hitherto containing but little water, have been running freely, and the river is again reflecting the consequences. The bush is excessively rotten and boggy, and teams laden with timber and other material for the contractor's use in the construction of the proposed new public works, have been stuck up for several days, and quite unable to make way over the soft country. The rain has been generally warm, and unattended with cold, repulsive winds, and vegetation has consequently been rapid and profuse. It seems paradoxical to say we have an autumnal spring, but we cannot find words more apt to describe the present con- dition and aspect of the country. It is pro- bable we shall have a very moist, open winter, resulting in a spring of superabundance, and that fat stock will be plentiful from May to December. The season is everything that could be desired for the experiment of meat- preserving, and we have no doubt the result will be encouraging to our infant companies. Farming operations are progressing freely. ACCIDENT.—If there is any class of persons whose interests are likely to suffer from the operation of our municipal regulations, when in force, it must be the wheelwrights—the carriage, buggy, and cart manufacturers. Every unsightly stump in our dark and gloomy streets is worth a "Jew's eye" to those mechanics, whose yards are never without some interesting relics of the past in the shape of smashed up buggies, mutilated dog carts, and wrecks of drays, "as has bin throwed over" ; the result of nightly encounters with the remains of the ancient "monarchs of the forest," which crop up in our thoroughfares in a manner that would delight any stump orator. On Sunday night last a buggy was proceeding along Johnstone-street, towards St. John's Church, freighted with four persons—two ladies and two gentlemen. Just at the corner of Tarcutta and Johnstone streets the driver was unfortunate enough to run foul of one of our thoroughfare ornamentations, and the momentum of the vehicle not being equal to the inertia of the old blue-gum stump, of course the buggy came to grief. One wheel was totally broken up and the vehicle otherwise injured ; but, happily, the horse being quiet, and the driver accustomed to "the ribbons," no personal damage was suffered by the occupants. The ladies were of course alarmed, especially as the accident occurred in so significant a spot (close to the Hospital) ; but we are happy to be able to record that they were more frightened than hurt. THE ODDFELLOWS' BALL.—A ball, which will long be remembered in Wagga as one of the most brilliant and thoroughly successful affairs of the kind, was given at the Commer- cial on Monday night by the most noble Society of Oddfellows. No pains nor expense had been spared to make things agreeable to the guests. The large ball-room of the Commercial was tastefully decorated with the banners and other insignia of the Order ; part of the balcony was set apart as a re- freshment room, where comfortable couches awaited the tired votaries of Terpsichore, and two or three bedrooms given up for the occasion, gave ample accommodation as re- tiring rooms for the ladies. The supper, which was laid out in the large dining-room of the hotel, was a most brilliant affair, and reflected the utmost credit on the caterer, Mr. Clark. Champagne literally flowed like water, all the procurable delicacies of the season, and some that might fairly have been supposed to be unprocurable, abounded, and the whole scene was one of happy, jovial festivity. These who for months past have been "pegging away" at each other in the press and elsewhere, might be seen melting their differences in the bowl, that, if it inebriates also cheers, and brings good follows, separated by the silly squabbles of a country town, together. Several appro- priate toasts were proposed, the prosperity of the Order in particular being drunk with the utmost enthusiasm. The full strength of the meeting, however, was reserved very properly for the toast of "the Ladies," pro- posed in a neat address by Mr. Willans, and responded to in a sparkling little speech by Mr. Bolton. After supper, which came off about 12 o'clock, dancing was resumed and continued with great vigour until daylight, when the partners of a merry night parted one and all, delighted with the perfect success of the Oddfellows' Ball. STREET ACCIDENT.—Yesterday morning about 10 o'clock, a horse attached to a vege- table cart, belonging to a Chinaman, was drawn up at the Commercial Hotel (John being earnestly engaged at his professional duties as costermonger) when the horses belonging to the police came galloping up from the paddock, followed by one of the troopers. In passing the cart the Chinaman's horse, like Commodore Trunnion's, believing there was "sport a-foot," took it into his head to act independently and went off at score with his brethren of "the blues." Not going "free and large," however, like the Commodore's horse, but blinded by the winkers, he speedily brought one wheel of the cart foul of a telegraph post, opposite the Australian, and was stranded immediately. The shafts were broken off and the vehicle otherwise seriously damaged to the great loss and vexation of John, who has been endeavouring to ascertain to what extent her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria is responsible for the act of Trooper Jones. There can be no doubt that the practice of driving their horses at a gallop along the streets is one for which the police should be reprimanded. It occurs every day, and we have often wondered that accidents have not resulted frequently, for nothing is so apt to alarm a horse in harness, when standing alone, as the sudden passage of loose animals at full speed. We trust this will be seen to. ENTOMOLOGY.—In the natural history of the past summer and autumn months three things have been remarkable. First, the absence of those odious, disgusting creatures the flesh or blow-fly : secondly, the unac- countable scarcity of the wasp and hornet family, (which are during most summers a nuisance in our open verandahs, etc.), and thirdly, the presence of myriads of mosqui- toes, which we are informed by old residents have never been so intolerably abundant since the summer of 1851. Towards night the com- bined sound of their tiny trumpetings might be mistaken by the highly imaginative for the music of the spheres, and the sound is really surprisingly harmonious and pleasing, were it not that our sympathetic nerves will not admit an appreciative sentiment towards a melody that is as a premonition towards the shedding of our innocent blood. We have never had the curiosity to estimate the dimensions or weight of these sanguinary disturbers of our "young nights' thoughts," but we have heard them variously described as being (some few, at least) "large enough to drink out of a quart-pot," and that "great numbers would weigh four ounces." This is a touch of the "spread eagle," we imagine. EASTER MONDAY.—This day was observed as a close holiday by all sections of the com- munity, and the amusements for relaxing the public mind were as varied as the tastes of the people could desire. The favourite sport of horse-racing gratified those persons re- siding in the vicinity of bush inns, and pic- nics about town were the order of the day. Cricketing by single and double wicket was indulged in to some extent, and several capital matches were played off on the Club cricket ground. The Odd Fellows marched through the town from their Lodge in full regalia, headed by the town band, and made a very imposing display. Mr. Fearne's skill was called into requisition on the occasion, and he perfected a capital photograph of the procession and crowd, when a halt was called near the Australian. The Odd Fellows marched to the cricket ground, where a col- lation was partaken off, washed down by abundance of colonial ale. We regret to refer to a most disgusting and painful sight which we witnessed on this occasion. A little boy of some nine or ten years of age only, had been rendered helplessly intoxi- cated by the agency of some evil disposed rascal, who doubtless gloried in thus reducing a mere child to a condition too shocking for the feeling mind to contemplate. Who ever he may have been, the crowd would have served him but justly, had they whipped him off the ground at a cart's tail. The unfortunate child's condition was regarded by most persons with the deepest pain, regret and sympathy. In the evening the Odd Fellows gave a ball and supper at the Commercial Hotel. The entertainment was a perfect success. TEMPERANCE MOVEMENTS. — The usual meeting of the Wagga Temperance Society is postponed till to-morrow evening, in conse- quence of the Amateur Performance at the Mechanics' Institute to-night. A Society has been organized at Gundagai, under the title of "The Evening Star Division, No. 98, of the Order of the Sons of Temperance." At Tumut, " The Southern Light Division, No. 97," of the same order has been also duly organized. CHURCH OF ENGLAND.—The annual meet ing of the seatholders and subscribers to the funds of St. John's Church, Wagga Wagga, was held last evening—the Rev. S. S. Harpur, incumbent, presiding. The meeting having been opened with prayer, the trea- surer (Mr. Cottee), read the statements of accounts, which showed a balance to the credit of the Offertory Fund of 18s. 7d., a balance to the debit of the Stipend Fund, which had been aided out of the General Fund, to the extent of over £90 ; and a balance to the debit of the General Fund of £32 8s. 10d. ; while the debt on the Par- sonage remains at £153 1s. 11d., the interest thereon having been paid by the General Fund. It was stated by the Treasurer that the deficit in the General Fund was con- siderably less than in former years, notwith- standing the payment during the past year of some unusually heavy accounts. The Treasurer's report was received and adopted. Mr. J. T. Roberts was nominated as the Bishop's or Trustee's Churchwarden, Mr. H. C. Rose was unanimously re-elected as the people's Churchwarden ; and Mr. W. A. Cottee was re-appointed, in terms of eulogy, by the incumbent, as his representative. A vote of thanks to the choir for their services during the past year, and a similar vote to the outgoing Churchwardens were carried unanimously. Sustentation committees for the town and country districts were then elected; and a vote of thanks to the Treasurer, followed by another for the reverend chairman terminated the business, and the meeting was closed with a benedic- tion. PROPOSED JOINT STOCK BREWERY COM- PANY.—An influential meeting of gentlemen was held at the Pastoral Hotel last night, for the purpose of forming a Joint Stock Brewery Company. The importance of the enterprise, and its probable success, were fully discussed and highly approved of. A large committee was formed and arrangements made for holding another meeting on Friday evening next, to appoint a sub-committee and fully launch the company into our market. RESIGNATION OF THE HON. W. FORSTER. The Empire is informed, on authority, that the Hon. W. Forster, Secretary for Lands, has tendered to his Excellency the Governor, his resignation of office, and it is probable that the resignation will be accepted. The reason, or the main one, which has in- duced the honorable gentleman to take this step is said to be the adverse vote of Wednes- day last in the Assembly, against the Govern- ment policy with regard to the police depart- ment. HORRIBLE CASE.—The following vile case was heard before the Chief Justice at Albury : —Robert Gregson was arraigned for a felo- nioous assaalt upon Mary Thompson. Mr. Forbes, instructed by Mr. Dwyer, for the defence. About nine or ten jurors were challenged by the prisoner. The principal evidence in this disgusting case was that of the prosecutrix, Mary Thompson, the wife of a brickmaker who has lately come into this town. From the evidence of this woman, it would appear that on the night of the 19th January she and her husband had both retired to rest in a state of drunkenness, or semi-drunkenness, in their hut situated upon the Albury Flat. In the middle of the night the witness stated that the prisoner, accom- panied by another man who was unknown to her, suddenly entered the hut and forcibly dragged her away from the side of her drunken husband, and took her to a little distance from the hut, where a capital offence was committed upon her, the prisoner's un- known companion actually assisting the per- petration of the crime by holding the woman by the legs. Mary Thompson, stated that she recognised the prisoner by his features and by the colour of his neck-handkerchief, and that after the offence had been committed the two men ran away. The jury acquitted the prisoner. NEW RUSH AT FORBES.—A correspondent writes to the Empire from Grenfell as follows: —"A stampede has set out from here to Forbes. Mr. Cox is here to-day, (Monday, April 11,) and says he has granted a prospect- ing claim to a party that washed five dwts. to two tubs. Men were going away all last night, and hundreds have left since Saturday evening. Mr. Cox met 300 on the road. Claims have been sold or given away on the Two-mile, and no men can be got to work for wages. I proceed in that direction forth- with and will telegraph from Forbes." ONE GENERAL PASTORAL AND AGRICUL- TURAL SOCIETY FOR RIVERINA.—The follow- ing circular has been issued to settlers by Mr. R. Lowes, of Corowa, the Secretary of the Riverina Pastoral Society :—"At a com- mittee meeting of the Riverina Pastoral Society held at Corowa, on the 7th April, the following resolution was unanimously carried:—'That the first and second resolu- tions be printed, and forwarded to all settlers in the district, with a request that they would express their opinions to the Secretary.' The two resolutions referred to, which were carried unanimously, are as follows :—1st. That the committee of the Riverina Pastoral Society are of opinion that the interest of the district between the Murray and Murrum- bidgee, so far as the improvement of the flocks and herds is concerned, will be better promoted by one General Society holding a show in some central place, than by the four Pastoral Societies holding separate shows, as at present ; and further express their readi- ness to co-operate with the other societies for the attainment of this object. 2nd. In case it should be ascertained that any of the other societies should decline to co- operate with this Society for the attainment of the object in view, the committee will be ready to unite with any one of the other societies that will consent to hold a show at the most convenient place for the members and exhibitors of the uniting societies." 