THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. THE (Ecumenical Council was formally opened on>Doûom.T ber 8 By daybreak, notwithstanding the weather being rainy, the inner Atrium and Grand Nave of the Viitioau, Basilica, the route of the procession, were thronged by an immense concourse of spectators. At 9 o'clock, amid the ringing of the hells of all thoecoloaiaalioal edifices In Kimo nncTealvoes of artillery from the Castle of San Angelo and Mount Aventine, the procession farmed in the Upper Artium of the Vatican, descended! the Scala Russia, and passed through the Lower Afritim into the cathedral. Regular ned secular clergy were ranged on either side, and the procession consisted of six archbishop princes, 492 cardinals, 11 patriarchs, 680 archbishops and bishops, 22 abbots, and 29 generals of religious orders. In oil, about 800 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the cathedral in the testator's!, chair. His holiness first lines some time before the Sacrament, and the assembly then took their places in the Council- hull in seven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrick, the Archbishop of" Iennium pronounced the inaugural discourse. The Papal , ' who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent healthy I then gave his by prediction, the ceremony being carried OJ. I ii i exact accordance with the State programme. A Cor giving the benediction the Pope received the bom go the members of the council, The appeared, pi nyora followed, and the Pope three Um OB invoked the "" West the Holy Ghost for the council, a hymn to the Holy ghost being sung by the ohnriäbrrB. The prelates approved? the decree opening the council, and the 21 Dann followed, the ceremony terminating at half-) at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. In the sitting of the Council or December 9, the Post re road to the nn>nib<-rR resembled a short homily, in which he said that it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate ' ,(jQ F Connell on the appointed tiny, md to see the last" lap I ..Pc-iiûbled at Rome in greater numbers than ever. a play [ had come to teach nil me the voice of God, and t*?la<iga with the Porte, under the auspices of the Holy Spr sat, on the errors of human science. Never was it more ne- MAry than in the present day, since conspiracy and imply Joy Worth widespread and strongly organised, and hide it lem««olve» under (the desk of aspirations for liberty. Tar r0 wm w cause for alarm. The Church was stronger and h(>av<>ti rest If, not now was the time to consider what remedies were efficacious against the present evils. and your's should strive with him to secure peace paper in fa monasteries. order in the Church, in their prime aT,,9"K two clergy. In conclusion, be invoked the' , Holy Spirit, the . Vugln, aDiïtheholvi'nprIi'- . - the fathers of the Council held their fll. t Foacmi cocRrrgnfioninSt. PptH'sthodflmc says , r'. 7 The death is announced of Carrie' rain per day The Pope received 00 French subjects at the Vatican on December 16 After BIM skins. achieved individually he delivered an allies' n in French, in which he dwelt upon the pis;nihc«nce of the approaching Christmas festival, and said, " God in teaching humanity, declared pride to be the men of rain and the author of revolution i a." His Holiness then blessed the Assembly amid loud applause The l bird general congregation of the Council was held on De ccmL,r 20 The election of 14, out of the 21, was - fanatics who are to compose the co II mi tea on matters of faith in me till 'the principal! members are the Archbishops of Cambray, Ulrecbt, P »ID, Mulinee, Balmy re, and IVertmiuster, the Bishops of Pintura, Jean, Sion, and Padtrbom , the Primate of Hungary, and the Armem m Patriarch. The assembly has elected two of four an ultra as a committee on questions connected with discipline The Apostolic Bull, " bodia," dated the 12th of October, which out of consideration for the spirit of the Hose reduces the number of cases reserved for CCCICBIIISIICHI cmiutL has been promulgated 1 be Pip in reply to an address of General Kinder, on December ST, expr. sHed his confidence that the (Ecumenical Council would dissipate darkness, and give to the world peace and prosperity He refuted the arguments of those who maintain that the Pope should have no army because Cbnat had none 