ST. IGNATIUS: CHURCH, NORWOOD. This building, named after the foimdor of tho Order of Jesuits, and situated at the corner of Queen and William streets, Norwood, was opened and dedicated to divine service on Sundav norning, August /, in presence of a large con jregation. The church, which is in the Italian style, consists of a chancel, nave, and north and jouth side chapels, the walls being of Glen )smond stone with cement dressings. The jrincipal entrance is by a porch at the west end )f the building. This is flanked by two towers !3 feet in height to tho top of the crosses, whicli» 'orm their finials. The interior walls are covered vith floated rough, stucco,- the pilasters, archi ,'olts, cornices, &c;, being iu plaster of Paris ; ho roof is open, and the timbers are staiuod md varnished ; the floor is formed of Mintaro ilate. The chancel arch, which is semicircular, s supported by two. Tuscan columns, as aro hose of the side chapels, in each of which. an iltar is fitted up with foliated capitals. At tho ?est end of the nave there is a gallery, carriedon iemi-elliptical arches, supported by columns and nlasters. The chiof dimensions aro as follow :— STayo, 75 feet by 40; walls, 27 feet high, to- the ipringing of the roof ; area of the chancel, 2f- eet by 22; side chapels, 11 by 7. The beaches ire open, of deal stained and varnished. Over ho high altar is a life-size picture of St. Ignatius, ?eferred to in another part of the paper. On ;he north side of the chancel there is a vestry, rom which access-is gained to the pulpit, which s let into tho wall. The church has about 380 ittings, is very light, and has a pleasant interior ippearance. The contract sum was £2,533, but his amount did not include the cost of the restry; and it appeared from a statement made -y the preacher in the morning that tho total lebtontho church and clergymen's, residence vas about £4,000. Tho architect was Mr. W. De Norsnanville, and the buildor Mr. M. ilcMullen. The ceremony of dedication was performed jy the Venerable Archdeacon Russell, V.G., vho shortly after 11 o'clock, preceded by several )f the clergy and a number of acolytes, made a jircuit of the exterior and iuterior of tho build ng, chanting the Litany of the Saints. High Mass was then celebrated by the Rev. C. A. Reynolds, Father Strele, S.J., officiating as leacon, Father Tapneincr as sub-deacon, and father Bongaerts as master of the ceremonies, riio musical portion of the services was Henry Farmer's celebrated Mass, rendered by a power ful choir with full orchestral accompaniment, conducted by Mi\ Piittman. Considering that tho choir without exception consisted of ama teurs, they camiot be too highly eulogized, is their performances would have been 3reditablc to professionals. They were most efficiently assisted by the instrumentalists, and altogether the Mass was very effective. Ihe sermon was preached by the Rev. Father Horau, O.S.F., from Matthew xiii. 31 32:— ' The kingdom of Heaven is like to a grain ef mustard seed, which a man can take and sow in his field; it is indeed the least of all seeds; but when it is grown it is the largest of all herbs, and bocometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and dwell in the branches thereof.' By this parable, he said, Jesus described the origin, rise, and progress of the Christian Church. It was planted in Judca during His life, and after His death commenced to (ling its branches over the world, so that people of all climes came to dwell therein; for now there was scarcely a habitable spot on tho globe where tho branches did not reach. It was in this feature of universality that thoy perceived its Divnio origin. If it had been a worldly kingdom which Jesus wished to have established, ne ?would have chosen men to be bis Apostles who from their status in society would have commanded respect and obedience where ever they went ; but he passed by the great, the talented of Judea, the learned in the wisdom of the schools; for he knew that if he had made such a selection a wrong construction would have been put upon tho formation of His Church. It would have been said that it was the powerful instrumentality and talent which he employed for its development that caused it to take root. But Jesus shut out the possibility of the slightest suggestion of this kind by employing a poor fisherman and eleven others, the weakest and obscurest individuals he could find in Judea to erect that Church, which being built upon a rock even tho powers of hell could not prevail against it. Ho then referred to Jesus' promiso to his Apostles, ' to be with them all days, even to the consummation of the world,' as the secret of the growth and vitality of the Catholic Church; for their enlightenment was not of themselves, but owing to His uninterrupted assistance. The sermon of Peter, when 5,000 were brought under the influence of the Gospel, was not tho production of his own brain, but the breathing and teaching of the Holy Ghost. That tree planted 18 centuries ago was 'as ever green to-day as when it first sprouted out in tho verdant laud of Jndea. Some of its rotten branches, it was true, had from time to time been lopped off, but the trunk still remained, and looked down in majesty at the many plants twining round its stem, and seeking to identify themselves with it. The rev. gentleman then spoke of one of the branches of this treo having reached this country, and said most of the congregation would remember the time when there were only two or threo Catholic priests iu this colony, who in a short time fell victims to their arduous ;m't HupormiTnnn labours j but each was soon replaced by another— sometimes two; and now the parable of the mustard seed was exemplified by their haviug in round numbers 30 priests and 40 churches, crowded on Sundays by Catholic people, and year after year large numbers who had been under erroneous teaching came as 'the birds of the air' to seek the comfort for their souls which thoy could not get except in the 'mustard tree'— the only true Church. He then spoke in high terms of the Jesuit Fathers, who had brought about the erection of tho Norwood Church, stating that on that and the residence there was a debt of £4,000. He con cluded by making a forcible appeal to the congregation for funds to help to liquidate this liability. In the evening there was another very large congregation. The appearance of the church by gaslight, with its rich paintings, altar ap pointments, and decorations, together with the vestments of the priests and acolytes, had a very striking effect. Vespers were chanted by the Rev. J. A. Nowlan, O.S.A., with antiphonal responses by the choir. Several compositions from the ecclesiastical music of Rossini and others were also performed with instrumental accompaniments in a manner seldom heard in connection with religious service. The Romish Church claims to have produced the finest sacred music in the world, and on this occasion flip spiflpHnne mflrn n/^tniroKliy nni.frtm-nArl The Rev. Father Woods preached an entirely extemporaneous discourse from Malachi i. 2— ' From the rising of the sun unto the going down of tho same My name shall be great among the nations.' ' God,' he said, ' very frequently displayed His power and wisdom by bringing about most wonderful results by the smallest means. This was symbolized by the vision recorded in the Book of Daniel, in which the stone cutout of the mountain without hands smote the image and became itself a great mountain which filled the whole earth. So it was also with God's chosen people, when, after their deliverance from Egyptian bondage, thoy were brought to the brink of the Red Sea with then* inveterate enemies bearing down upon them with irresistible fury. At that critical juncture a word spoken by Moses at tho com mand of God divided the mighty waters, so that the people passed over dry shod, whilst the recoiling waves overwhelmed their enemies; and it was so when the Desire of all nations appeared upon earth. He was expected as a great king, and a deliverer of His people from the secular rule of their oppressors; but the Man who appeared amongst them so poor, lowly, and despised, was rejected by the Jews, arrested, and condemned to death. Where were now the kingdom, the greatness, and the glory' The Church was again brought to the borders of the Red Sea, and its deliverance was effected by the very blood which was shed upon the cross. Just at the time when even the hopes of His disciples had died within them, and the foes of Christ were exclaiming, 'He saveth others, himsolf he cannot save,' the Man whom they had con demned as a malefactor was opening a highway of holiness across that great chasm which had till then separated man from his God. Another illus tration of the great events which God brought about by tho use of apparently vory inadequate . meaus occurred threo or four centuries ag-o. » At that time tho corruptions which crept iuto tbt» Church infected tho nations to aich au ortont that almost every' kind of heresy becani* rampant, and tho ark of God seemed about to sink during the storms and tem pests that then swept over tho face of the deep. But, in that hour of peril God did not forsake His Church, although the forco of heresy threatened to deceive, if it were wos sible, the very elect. A poor wounded soldier lay at the point of death. But God was with him, aud'during bis sickness his heait was touched witk the noblest sentiments that could animat o a human being. On his recovery he determined to devote his future life to God. Ho then retired inU solitude, and baring performed the must wonder ful penances, he was led to tho enjoyment, of the peace and happiness of one who was con scious of enjoying the forgiveness and favour of God. He then entered upon a new course of life. Ho was still a soldier, but he no lougor sought for glory in conflict with the powers of this world; ho was now a soldier of tho Cross, and the glory ho sought wjis tho glory of God Most High. He referred to St. Ignatius, wh», in fulfilment of his design, went to Homo tosoek theicounscl of the Holy Father. Whilo there he gathered round. him a little band of liko-miuded heroic lovers of the truth, who wero determined to miito with him in doing all they could for tUa glory of God. Tho Vicar of Jesus Christ ami successor of St. Peter saw that these oourageou* men were possessed of more than ordinary zeal, and he coidd not but accept their servicos. Anil thus by their means tho Society was foundod which wns known by the name of Jesus; a nama in which they gloried, but which was regarded, by their enemies as a scandal and a reproach. Amongst theso originators of the Order of Jesuits was St. Francis Xavier, who travelled to India and took up his abodo amougst tribes and people with whoso very languages lie was uu acquaiuted. Yet witli but ono name and on* weapon— the name and tho Cross of Josu* Christ— ho effected such marvellous changes amongst the heathen as made tlie world to riug: with acclamation, and millions to become ac quainted with tho name of Jesus. Tho rev. gentleman gave somo furthor historical par ticulars respecting the lai tours of the Jesuits, and maintained that the extraordinary succos* that followed was eminently illustrative of hi* thesis, that thegrcatest of moral wondors arc often effected by the Divine Providence when tua means employed appear altogether iuadequato to that end. He concluded by refcrriug to Hid difficulties which tho Catholics had encountered in this colony, and to the gradual p-ovrth of tho Church, asstill further evidence that the purpose* of God would bo realized whatever might bu tho obstacles to bo overcome ; tho day be»U!» near at hand when 'from tho rising of Uia sun unto the going down of the same His n&iutt; shall be great among the nations.' The amounts received for cutranco to tha church and tho collections mado within it amounted to over £200. 