THE BOEDEE LAND. (These lines were sent by a lady to a frisnd who wrote frequently to know; where she had been for several months, that she had not written to her. She. had been to the gates of the grave, in a long and severe illness.] I HAVE been to a land, a Border Land, Where there was but a strange dim light ! Whore shadows and dreams, in. a spectral band, Seem'd real to the aching sight. I scarce bethought me how there I came, Or if thence I should pass again ; Its morning and night were rnark'd by the flight, Or coming, of woo and pain. But I saw from this land, this Border Land, ? ' With, its mountain ridges hoar, That they look'd across to a wondrous strand — A bright and unearthly shore. Then I turn'd me to Him, ' the Crucified,' In most humble faith and prayer, Who had ransom'd with blood my sinful soul, For I thought He would call me there. Yet nay ; for a while in the Border Land He bade me in patience stay, , - . - , And gather rich fruits with a trembling hand, Whilst He chased its gloom away: He had led me amid those shadows dim, And shown that bright world so near, To teach me that earnest trust in Him -Is ' the one thing needful ' here. And so from the land, the Border Land, I have turn'd me to earth once more1! . ? But earth and its works were such trifles, scaim'd - By the light of that radiant shore. And oh ! should they ever possess me again Too deeply, in heart and hand, ' ' f I must think how empty they seem'd, and vain,' . ^ From the heights of the Border Land. The Border Land had depths and vales, ? Where sorrow for sin was known ; Where small seem'd great, as weigh'd in scales, Held by God's hand alone. 'IVas a land where earthly pride was nought, ' Where the poor were brought to mind, With the scanty bed, their fireless cot, And their, bread so hard to find. But little I heard in the Border Land Of all that pass'd below ; The once loud voices of human life To the deafen'd ear were low. I was deaf to the clang of its trumpet call, And alike- to its gibe or its sneer ; Its riches wore dust, and the loss of all ' ' Would then scarce have cost a. tear. I met with a friend in this Border Land, Whose teachings can. come with power To the blinded eye and the deafen'd ear, In affliction's loneliest hour. ' Times of refreshing' to the soul, In languor, oft He brings, Prepares it then to meditate On. high and glorious things. Oh ! Holy Ghost ! too often grieved , - ? In health and earthly] haste, I bless those slow and silent hours Which seem'd to run to waste ; I would not but have pass'd those ' depths,\ And such communion known, As can be held in the Border. Land With Thee, and Thee alone. I have been to a land, a Border Land! . . May oblivion never roll O'er the mighty lessons which there and then Have been graven on my soul ! Ihave trodden a path I did not know. Safe in my Saviour's hand : I can trust Him for all the future, now I have been to the Border Land. L. N. E, Printed for the Proprietors by Mason, Fiktu and Co., 51 & 58 Flinders-lane 'West, and published by Sasiuei. Mullen, 55 Collins-street East, Melbourne. 