THE TOWER GHOStTI we nave Heard, says tne .fait Mail Gazette, of au J mysterious and disagreeable occurrence at the Tow»l London which is enough to set the nerves of the riyl nation on edge. For some days, or rather nighh «J the shadow of an axe has appeared on one of thej^l of the building. The shadow made its last appeal unless we are misinformed, in 1848, but what it |J been doing since that time we cannot say. There i,J shyness whatever about it now ; it does not object toi stared at, and excites the curiosity of all who luve t'J privilege, if not the pleasure, of inspecting it. A J respondent of the same paper, who signs ' I1 ' |J since written the following letter :— ' ^ I am glad to perceive that the Tower of LoujJ respectable old edifice as it is, still keeps its gWJ all venerable buildings should do. Ton ore perlm, \1 of this century belongs to that fortress, and I makj excuse for telling it to youat this season, as aChrisbJ ghost story is traditionally allowable. Mr. Ed]™J LenthaJ Swifte, who is still living, was in 1817 teal of the Crown jewels in the Tower of London. He SI in the jewel house, and on a certain Saturday nH,J October, 1617, was in his sitting-room. The door J closed, the windows shut, and heavy curtains enJi3 the air. It was about midnight, Two candliwij on the table. The rest I give in his own piiMisJ words:-- ^B ' I sat at the foot of the table, my son on m\ *M hand, his mother fronting the chimney-piece, aidU sister on the opposite side. I had offered a ^lyjl wine and water to my wife, when, on putting it to J lips, she paused and exclaimed, ' Good God, wijl that T I looked up, and saw a cylindrical figure )&M; glass tube, seemingly about the thickness of luyjj and hovering between the ceiling and the table. M contents appeared to be a dense fluid, white ixitM azure, like to the gathering of a summer cloud,3 incessantly rolling and mingling within the CTiicjJ This'lasted about two ? dilutes, when it began rfcil to move before my sister-in-law, then folfoKiijtl oblong shape of the table before my son ami MiitM passing behind my wife it paused fel moment over her right shoulder (observe \iM was no mirror opposite to her in which she c9 then rehold it). Instantly she crouched down, M with both Ir.iuds covering her shoulder, she sbii™ out, ' Oil, Christ ! It has *iezed me.' Even iM while wilting, I feel the fresh horror of that nxmM 1 caught up my chnir, struck at the wainscot fcij her, rushed upstairs to the other children's rooii~J told the terrified nurse what I had seen. ? . .1 Neither my sister-in-law nor my son beheld this M pearance. . . . I am bound to add that AtM before this strange event some young lady residotiB the Tower hod been, I know not wherefore, buspd of making phantasmngorical experiments at their il dows, which, be it observed, had no command til ever on any windows in my dwelling. An adiliti J sentry was accordingly posted so as to overlook 9 such attempt. Happening, however, as it might. ? lowing hard at heel the visitation of my household, tl of the night sentries at the jewel oil was, as he said, alarmed by a figure like t i9 bear issuing from underneath the door. | thrust at it with his bayonet, which stuck in tk-iJ even as my chair dinted the wainscot. He droppifl a fit and was carried senseless to the guard-room, fl fellow sentry declared that the wan was neither oh nor drunk, he himself having seen him the Tumil before awake and sober. Of all this I avouch no'JJ more than that I saw the poor man in the guanlitj prostrate with terror, and that in two or three ilavtl fatal result, be it of fact or fancy, was that he diei« To this it is only necessary to add thnt (till was seven years old. He did not see the ghost fl sister-in-law likewise did not see it,'and attributed ill the joint hallucination of her sister and brother-ii« The soldier died, as stated, whether after trial byufl martial, as recorded by Dr. Gregory in his ''ka on Animal Magnetism, or not. I do not kuow. 1 Gregory received his account from Sir David Brota and it is incorrect in many particulars, or rail* differs from Mr. Swifte's, which was the result olj soaal experience. The Pall Mall Gazette, of a subsequent date, axoJ for the mystery of the axe. A correspondent o! 9 journal says: — 'There is, it seems, in one of j towers of that fortress a peculiar old loophole, sd what resembling in shape the capital letter T \ritkj anas shortened; this loophole is in the wall of adj outside which there is another wall. When the m wall is in shadow, aud the gas lighted in the clwj light is thrown ou to the outer wall through the II hole, which from its peculiar shape makes the M light bear a resemblance to a battle-axe.' a ? . ? I 