THURSDAY, JANUARY 6, 1870. The unemployed working-men and women of England are in a " parlous con- " dition." They are preparing a petition to HER MAJESTY, almost every clause of which is in direct contravention of the dicta laid down by our Mr. HIGIN- BOTHAM. Probably he has seen a copy of the document. Probably the rumours which have been circulated in the coun- try papers, of his alleged intention to revisit Great Britain, have originated in the popular conviction that his next mission will be to bring the destitute working-classes at home "under the " heel of authority." Certain it is, they have been talking and writing flat blasphemy in regard to the political gospel according to HIGIN BOTHAM. And, to increase the provo- cation which they offer, they have ex- pressed themselves with a calmness, a clearness, and a force, which ren- der these heretical doctrines doubly offensive and doubly dangerous. Un- less these misguided men are reso- lutely and promptly put down, we tremble for the consequences. Our fiscal legislation, and our dog-in-the manger policy with respect to immi- gration, must be supplemented by a course of action more decided and more desperate. We must block up the mouths of our ports and harbours, and impose a heavy poll-tax upon all passengers landing upon our coasts from England, or Mr. HIGINBOTHAM may have to de- plore the influx of thousands of our fellow-subjects cherishing opinions in reference to the waste lands of this colony and as to the unity of the empire absolutely in accord with those which havo been incessantly advocated in The Argus, but diametrically opposed to those held by Mr. HIGINBOTHAM and embodied in his resolutions. That the working-men of the mother country should presume to differ from so infal- lible an authority as the hon. and learned member for Brighton, is only another proof of their mental darkness and unwisdom; while it may, perhaps, have the effect of inciting him to beard the British lion in his den, to pluck him by the mane and tail, and shake the pernicious errors out of him. We have elsewhere reprinted from the Beehive, the recognised organ of the operative classes of Great Britain, the petition addressed to the QUEEN by " a " large number of HER MAJESTY'S sub- "jects who have long been, and are " now, in a state of destitution through " inability to procure work," and whose condition in the mother country, it is pathetically added, "is very miserable " and hopeless." And we must say, in all seriousness, that the document is one which, both in matter and manner, is honourable to its framers and sub- scribers, and conveys a terribly severe rebuke to the narrow-minded selfishness of those classes of persons in Australia who deny that these colonies are the patrimony of the whole British people, who have been legislating against our fellow countrymen at home as if they were foreigners, and who talk of break- ing up the grand old empire as glibly as they would talk of tearing up a sheet of letter-paper. The unemployed represent to HER MAJESTY that they are hungry and willing to work ; that in distant portions of her dominions there is an abundance of food and plenty of employment; that they would fain proceed thither, but are destitute of the means; and that they pray that such measures may be taken without delay as will " enable those who " are willing to work, to go to those " parts of HER MAJESTY'S dominions " where their labour is required, and " where they may prosper, and may in " crease the prosperity of the whole " empire." They have heard, " with " alarm and indignation," that propo- sitions have been made for casting loose the outlying dependencies of Great Britain; and, in language almost iden- tical with that -which has been repeatedly employed in these columns, they pro- ceed : "We respectfully submit that your Ma- jesty's colonial possessions were won for your Majesty, and settled by the valour and enter- prise and treasure of the English people, and that having thus become a part of the na- tional freehold and inheritance of your Majesty's subjects, they are held in trust by your Majesty, and ought, not to be surren- dered, but transmitted to your Majesty's suc- cessor whole and entire as they were received by your Majesty." "And, in order to discourage and defeat all such projects for disunion, we humbly pray your Majesty to cause England and her colonies and dependencies, to be incorporated by name into one British empire, and that proclamation be made that you are Sovereign thereof, in like manner as you have been pro- claimed Queen of India." Such is the prayer of " the masses " in Great Britain, and such the spirit of loyalty and patriotism by which they are animated. They, at any rate, will not be consenting parties to the dissolution of the bonds which bind us to the mother country. They, at least, in the exercise of their common sense, discern the folly and selfishness in- volved in the proposition which finds favour with a section of the community here, to treat the waste lands of the colony as though they were the exclu- sive property of the handful of people who have already migrated hither. Those lands are rightly declared to be " part of the national freehold and in " heritance of HER MAJESTY'S subjects," and, as such, held in trust for the whole British people. Instead of shattering the empire into fragments, these desti- tute but industrious petitioners would weld it together so that it might become " one and indivisible." They assert that a proclamation to this effect "would " be joyfully welcomed throughout HER " MAJESTY'S dominions," and they con- clude with a suggestion which is calcu- lated to outrage Mr. HIGINBOTHAM'S feelings to an extent beyond the power of words to describe :-" We would also " submit that your MAJESTY might call " to your honourable Privy Council " representatives from all the colonies." The English working man's view of the colonial question is now brought prominently before the home and colo- nial public ; and the prayer of the peti- tion quoted from above ought to command the approbation and the sympathies of every working man in Australia whose circumstances have been improved by emigration. If the bulk of our industrious fellow-colo- nists are-and the fact can scarcely be disputed-more prosperous than they could possibly have been if they had remained in Europe ; and if population in Australia is ludicrously disproportioned to the area of our terri- tory and the magnitude of our resources, we have the strongest possible argu- ments supplied to us for encouraging immigration, and for offering a helping hand to those who arc stretching forth imploring arms to us from the mother country. The ties of blood, the obli- gations of religion, the voice of charity, and the dictates of self-interest, all combine to impel us to assist in bridging the interposing ocean, and in consoli- dating the august and venerable empire to which the majority of us are proud to belong. Our winegrowers are not alone in their present difficulty. Just the same complaint of the want of a market is, or very recently -\\\ as, heard in the Califor- nian vineyards ; and as they have an export there, the complaint is of a de- pression in the foreign as well as the local trade. Yet the best authorities pronounce both California and Aus- tralia to be admirably qualified for the production of wine, and the dictum has been placed beyond doubt by the grow- ing of occasional wines, both there and here, of unquestionable merit. But the pioneers of what will some day be a flourishing, and probably a staple in- dustry, have been often more anxious to produce wine in large quantities than to make sure that it was such as would fix the credit of their vintages and thereby create and command a perma- nent sale. This would certainly ap- pear to be the case in California. A correspondent of the iveiö York Times has accounted for the depression of the wine interest there as fol- lows :-" On first examining the sub " ject I confess I feared the difficulty " lay in some element of the soil " which prevented the production of " a good wine juice. But it is evident " that the most diverse soils are em " ployed in California for the culture, " and analysis does not show that they " differ essentially in character from " European soils. Further investigation " showed me that the difficulty lay in " artificial causes." And he enumerates some of them :-" There is a great deal " of careless wine-making. I saw one " large wine cellar, owned by a French " vintner (who ought to have known " better), which was occupied half as a " stable and half as a wine store, where " nothing but a thin partition separated " the wines fermenting from the manure " of the Btable. Anyone who knows the ".sensitive nature of the fermenting " wine can imagine the effect on its " quality. There is frequently very " little care about an equable tempera " ture for the cellars, and the wine " acidifies from the changes to which it " is subject. I think no one can " attempt to make a wine from the very " choicest of the grapes, as Tokay or " Johannieberg is made. Everything " is thrown in together under the wine " press." Are such mistakes, or others as grave, uncommon in Victoria? Are the ma- jority of the growers properly careful in choosing their grapes, or in the storing of their wine! That many blunders should be perpetrated, and not always fromcarelessnessbutfromdownrightigno rance, is inevitable in a new land, where many engaged in the business are only gradually acquiring a knowledge of it. France is the foremost wine country in the world, but we may be quite sure that when the Bomans first transplanted the vine into Gaul, the art of making good wine was not immediately ac- quired. Our trade is only beginning, and the vigneron should be only feeling his way. He must needs bo disap pointed if he looks less to tho quality than the quantity of the article, for of course the sale cannot flourish until the wines obtain general credit. 'Among our many winemakers at this early stage some there are really skilful and careful, who understand wine-growing in Aus- tralia as well as it is understood in Europe. But they cannot fairly com- / plain of the public. The real difficulty consists in the absence of agents to buy and mature their products. Rome was not built in a day, nor will our wine trade be esta- blished except gradually, and by judi- cious means. A San Francisco journal, the Alta California, commenting on the faulty methods pursued in too many Californian vineyards, is convinced that a little more experience and time will introduce a proper system :-" Pure " wines are produced in large quantity, " but the best wines are made in only " small amount as yet, and are sold at " the vineyards for more than the " wholesale houses could afford to " pay. The quantity will gradually " increase, and they will give cha " racter to the entire wine yield of the " state," California having been longer in the field than Victoria, has two things which we donot yet possess-namely, the agent, or middleman, and a certain export trade. But the trade in wines with the Atlantic cities of the Union has been seriously injured by the fault of those who cater for the trade ; and as we shall some day have a wine export of our own, it is well to note the oversights and mis- takes which have been damaging the Californian wine trade. The correspon- dent of the New York journal whom we have already quoted, observes :-"There " is carelessness throughout in the ex " port business. The casks are often « carelessly prepared, thus injuring the " wine at the start. The wine is not " old enough, and ferments on the pas " sage. Then it is badly bottled in " New York or San Francisco, and . " sours or depraves. Again, in New " York the hock is watered, or the " wine is mingled with poor French " wines, and palmed off as Californian." Worse than all-"The impression is " strong that New York cares for nothing " but alcohol, fortified and doctored " wines, and so the angelica is so pre " pared as to form less a wine than a " liqueur." And he sums up-" There " has been no lack of energy and enter " prise applied to this, as to every other, " business on the coast ; but there " has often been a great want of hone3ty " and thoroughness, especially in agents " or branches of the business ia " our large cities. I am convinced that " puie good table wines are made here " such as never reach the market." From whatever causes, there is no doubt that the Californian export trade has not progressed as was at first expected. But if, as the local papers say, the best wines are yet made only in small quantity, and are all sold at the vineyards for prices which the wholesale houses cannot pay, it is plain that that country is not yet in a position to establish a pro- per and successful exterior trade. And if the present system be persevered in, California is likely to spoil her foreign market as the Cape colony did in pre- cisely the same way. She will acquire a name for inferior wines, and so create a prejudice difficult to remove. In fine, to prosperously establish an industry like this, in which the repute of the product is everything-because the good article is so valuable, while the bad is simply worthless-a far seeing policy of care and patience is necessary. And such is its peculiar dif- ficulty in a new and a gold country, wheie men want quick returns for an investment, and are prone to look for the rewards of a pursuit in the present lather than the future. But in this matter success cannot be reached at a bound. A foreign market will only fol- low the home one, and that must be secured by forbearance in supplying it with immature or otherwise defective wines. Nothing has as yet been determined on with, regard to the reconstruction of tho Macpher- son Ministry. There will, however, be a Ca- binet meeting to day, at which it is probable some understanding will be arrived at. A rumour was current yesterday that the Minis- try were not agreed as to what policy they should adopt with regard to four questions the abolition of state aid to religion, the payment of members, immigration, and education. Some difference of opinion may exist on these topics, but it is to be hoped that a general policy in accordance with the progressive spirit of the times and the re- quirements of the colony will be adopted before the re assembling of Parliament. A deputation from Spring Creek, now the borough of Greytown, was introduced to the Commissioner of Roads and Bridges yester- day, by the Hon. J. Macgregor. It consisted of Mr. Foy, J.P., and Mr. James Hadley, both members of the Greytown Town Coun- cil. They asked first for a bridge over the Goulburn River, near Tabilk, county of Rodney, to cost about £3,000, of which the district would contribute one-third. The bridge would be nine miles from Goulburn, and was required for the accommodation of persons on both sides of the river, especially as Spring Creek was dependent upon Sand- hurst for its flour. Mr. Longmore promised to have a strict survey made, and a report upon the nature of the country and the kind of settlement that had to bo accom- modated. He was only afraid that the bridge would be in tho Goulburn flats, which would make it very expensive. This the deputation assured the Minister was not the case. They then asked for a main road to be surveyed, so as to reach Greytown, &c.;, the road to branch off from the road from Kilmore to Seymour, about four miles from Keilor, and pass through Rushworth and Whroo to the Lake Cooper district. Mr. Longmore objected that this would be parallel to the existing road. The deputation replied that 40 miles and the rough road through Pyalong would thus be saved. Mr. Longmore would make an in- quiry into the thing, but express no opinion at present. A deputation consisting of the Rev. D. S. M'Eachran, Mr. Gunn, and Mr. Valentino, waited upon the Minister for Lands yester- day to ask for the issue of a new grant of the site of St. Andrew's Church, Carlton. Some years ago an acre of land was granted for St. Andrew's in connexion with the Free Presby- terian body. Afterwards the church entered the Union, upon which the Rev. Mr. Vain, of the Free Presbyterians, lodged objections to the issue of the grant. Since then Mr. Vain was understood to have withdrawn his objec- tions, and another acre of land had been obtained from the Crown. Two of the original trustees had died, and one had gone to New Zealand and another to Scotland. The deputation wished to have the original deed of grant cancelled, and a fresh one for tho two acres issued to a now set of trastees, so as to obviate the necessity of a conveyance. J&lr.; M'Kean undertook to have an exami i nation made of the papers on the subject, and .tho deputation informed as to the course it ? would be most convenient to pursue. His Honour the Chief Justice sat in cham- bers yesterday for tho disposal of motions. Mr. Macgregor applied, in re Philip Davies, ' late )~ "Ss^ig manager of tho Prince of Wales Gold-^&unpr; Company, Ballarat, and now lying in Melbourne gaol, to have amended . the record of the prisoner's sentence, in -which there had been an erroneous entry of " imprisonment and hard labour," instead o£ "imprisonment" only. Mr. Adamson, on the part of the Crown, offered no opposition. His Honour intimated that he would consult the judge who had tried the caso, and if the intention had been to inflict imprisonment without hard labour, the motion would be granted. Mr. M'Farlane yesterday made application to the magistrates in the District Court for the reversal, in accordance with an order of the Suprome Court, of a decision given some weeks ago, in favour of the defendant, in the case of Jenkins v. Speed, by Messrs. Wraggo, Rawlings, and Henriques, J.P.'s, who dis- missed the case referred to. Mr. Wraggo was tho only one of those three magistrates pre- sent, and Mr. Call remarked that perhaps the others had felt insulted by the peremptory j note sent to them to notify that they should attend and reverse the decision. Mr. M'Far >lane explained that the note was a mero for irnal document, informing tho magistrates that tho Supreme Court had ordered thom to 'reverse their verdict, and that it was the busi- ness of the magistrates, when so notified, to attend at tho court on the day named, and not shirk their duty, though it might not be a very agreeable one. Mr. Call said that the attorneys would have to see the two magis- trates, and agre,e upon tho day for their at- tendance. The sale of Crown lands was resumed yes- terday at Messrs. Gommell, Tuckett, and .Co.'s rooms, Collins-street west. The land offered for sale is situated in Carlton, near the Cemetery, and, as in yesterday's sale, the various lots were keenly competed for, and very good prices were obtained. In one or two instances the lots advanced from £200 to nearly £1,400 per acre, a very good price, con- sidering that the land lies between the Ceme tery and the Collingwood Stockade. The total amount realised was £3,585 10s. Tho investigation into the complaints re- specting the management and discipline of H.M.V.S. Nelson was continued on board 'tho vessel yesterday, and furthor adjourned 'until to-day. The matters dealt with yester .day comprised Captain Payne's charges against «the schoolmaster, Mr. Boyes, of want of sys- tem and organisation in his school, cruelty to the boys, and insubordination to his /superior officers, and a charge made by tho late schoolmaster, Mr. Parnell, against .Captain Payne, of using unnecessary -cruelty towards the boys, and not providing .-proper moral training for them. Mr. Parnell 'had just stated his complaint when tho board v.ose, and a request was made that tho state -mcnt should not be published until the answer had been given. In tho case of Mr. ¡-Boyes, his evidence was opposed in almost every particular to that of the officers of the ?vessel. It is likely that the inquiry will ex- pend over several more days. Thomas "Webb Draper will be brought oefore the City Court to day, charged with forgery, larceny, and obtaining money by -false pretences. Two new informations were sworn yesterday beforo Mr. Panton, ono ?charging Draper with forging the name of JMr. Babtie, of the firm of M'Kersie and IBabtie, to an accountable receipt for £3,000. .and tho other charging him with obtaining the sum of £1,000 by false pretences. It is iprobable that the charge previously ontered of forging an accountable receipt for £4,000 "will not be gone on with, though the £3,000 forgery is cloiely connected with that transaction. The charge of false m-etflnces Is founded on his having obtained £1,000 by falsely representing that he had paid £1,000 in to the credit of Messrs. Clarke and Co., and in the other case he is said to have drawn out a debit slip on -the London branch of the Commercial Bank, forging Mr. Babtie's name to it, and thus imaking it appear that the amount of £3,000 named in the slip was due, or had been paid, to Mr. Babtie. With rofoience to what has been said as to the gaol authorities' intention to refuse to allow Draper's removal from gaol to tho police courtj without a writ of habeas ? corpus, on account of his being committed for trial as well as remanded (the warrant of committal overriding that of remand), wo ?may Btato that this is merely the usual course, and that the obtaining of a writ of habeas by the police is a mero matter of form. The detective police obtained the habeas yesterday in the usual way through the Crown Solicitor, and therefore no difficulty will be experienced in bringing Draper to the court this morning. It may have been through an oversight on the part of Mr. Call to commit Draper for trial at once on the case which was concluded, instead of remanding him on all the charges, and deferring the whole of the sentences till all the cases had been heard, but it is more likely to have been a stroke of policy, as it was evident that Draper would bo less likely to obtain bail when committed than when only under remand, and thus he would be just so much more secure. He has been in gaol now since last Thursday. We undeistand that the mission of H.M.S. Barrosa, which sailed yesterday under sealed orders from Tasmania, was to call at the port of Melbourne for the purpose of re- ceiving tho different deserters who have been arrested here, and also those who have been caught in Sydney and elsewhere, whence thoy will be forwarded to Melbourne, tobo sentón board the ship. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria was held last night in tho hall of the Royal Society. Eighteen members were present. The presi- dent (Dr. Bird) occupied the chair. Dr. Singleton and Mr. Lane were elected mem- bers of the society. Dr. Ruckle, of H.M.S. Liverpool, of the Flying Squadron, pre- sented to the society (through Mr. Gillbee) tho Vital and Economical /Statistics of the Hospitals, Infirmaries, die, of England and Wales. Dr. D. J. Thomas exhibited a diseased clavicle ho had complotely removed, and which, had been renewed. He intro- duced tho patient upon whom ho had ope- rated. He also introduced another patient, from whose arm tho greater portion of the radius had been removed, the bono having also in this instance been renewed. Mr. Wooldridge read a paper " On a caso of aneurism of the right subclavian artery, treated by veratrum viride." Ho in troduc^Vajjsbo subject of tho treatment to the-*?neetinc, and an interesting dis- cussion ensued. Mr. Wooldridge also read another paper "On a case of abscess of the lung opening oxternally." An animated dis- cussion ensued, and tho opinion generally was adverse to the supposition that the case had been abscess of tho lung, but that it was rather an example of circumscribed erapyema. Dr. Hunt, of Fitzroy, read an exceedingly well prepared paper, " On a case of poisoning hy copaiba." In the discussion which followed, however, tho opinion was generally expressed that tho death had been referable not to copaiba, but to other causes, probably in- terruption of the heart's action. Mr. Girdle- stone1 exhibited a preparation of cirrhosis of tho liver, and read Bome notes of the ease forwarded by Mr. Cobb, of Ararat. The annual meeting of the society was fixed for tho 10th instant. A correspondent complains of the high. charge of admission to the Melbourne Cricket . ground proposed to bo levied by the Sports Committee on Saturday next, and states that the feeling of dissatisfaction is general. Yesterday, Mr. F. Stephens applied to Mr. Call in the DistrictCourt to have tho issue of the warrant of distress stayed in the case of the captain of the schooner Lismore, who had on tho previous day been ,fined £6, with 26s. j costs, for not complying with an order of the harbour master to remove his vessel from the Yarra to the Saltwater River or Hobson's Bay. Mr. Stephens stated that the captain was first summoned to appear on tho 28th ult., and that he attended the court on that day, but that the prosecutor, Captain Fullar- ton, barbour master, did not appear, and tho caso was consequently dismissed. Another summons calling on the defendant to appear in court on the day before yesterday was issued, but it was served at the schooner in the absence of the captain, who knew nothing about his having been summoned until ho saw in yesterday's newspapers that ho had been fined. What was now wanted was to havo proceedings stayed, with tho viow of tho case being re-heard, as tho captain had a defence to make. The Bench agreed to stay the issue of tho distress warrant, as asked for, The monthly meeting of tho Horticultural Society of Victoria was held yesterday, at the Mechanics' Institute ; Mr. Moule, vice-presi- dent, in the chair. Amongst the correspon- dence was a letter sent to the Hon. G. F. Verdon, agent-general in England, request- ing him to procure copies of transactions of kindred societies in England and tho Conti- nent, and forwarding 100 copies of roports for circulation. The report of the Garden Com- mittee on the state of the gardens was re- ceived and adopted. Mr. Ferguson bore tes- timony to the pleasure ho felt in visiting the gardens a few days ago, and stated that he was quite surprised at the pro- gress made, and the state of the grounds, which reflected great credit oa tho management. The subject of holding an autumn exhibition having been discussed, it was resolved that an exhibition of fruits and flowers bo held in March noxt, and it was decided that the Gordon Committee prepare a schedule of prizes, and make arrangements if possible for holding tho same in Melbourne, and if a suitable place could be procured, to hold it on Thursday, the 17th March, and keop it open until 10 o'clock in the evening. The exhibitions sent in were as follow :-From Messrs. T. Jjanir mid fir»., lîullnrnf: fil varieties of gooseberries, 5G varieties of which wore imported by thom from Eng- land!; specially noticeable for their sizo and appearance were Leveller, Roaring Lion, White Eagle, Gretna Green, Ploughboy, Snowdrop, and Yellow Lion ; also two new red currants, La Ceriso and La Vorsaillaise, which were much admired; and a specimen plant of Lilium auratum, the flowers'of -which were very large. Mr. Ronalds, of Richmond, showed a specimen plant of Argyrrea ner- vosa, variegated, a very beautiful greenhouse I creeper. Mr. Cole, of Richmond, oxhi bited two varieties of grapes-Early White Malvasia, grown on a wall in the open air, first ripe fruit from which was gathered on the 15th December, and Muscat d'Août, also anearly variety ; alsoll varieties of plums', specially noticeable being-for culinary pur- poses Washington and Goliath, and for dessert Mitchelson's and Angelina Burdett ; also, four varieties of apricots, Beauge, Ango maisHative, Peach, and large red ; also, seven varieties of figs, those specially commended being White Marseilles and Green Ischia ; also, two varieties of apples, and a strawberry (John Powell), a very fino late variety. Mr. Dalley, of Hawthorn, exhibited a seedling apricot, very fine; and from the gardens of the'society were sent, in fine order, eight varieties of apples, six varieties of apricots, and a dish each of plums, cherries, and pears. Mr. Henry Walker yesterday appeared in the District Court, to answer the postponed charge of carrying on a business for molting fat, on tho banks of the Lower Yarra, in such a manner as to cause a nuisance to the neigh steps to abate the nuisance and counteract or destroy the effluvia produced by the opera- tions of the factory. Several witnesses, called by the Melbourne Board of Health for the prosecution, stated that the effluvium emanating from the factory was a great nui- sance to the residents in the neighbourhood, the 8th December being the date specifically mentioned, and that no steps had been taken to carry out the improvements sug- gested by Mr. Girdlestone, health officer. On the other hand, several practical ?witnesses stated that the effluvium com- plained of arose from other establishments lower down the river, and that a new boiler, with an improved condensing apparatus and proper vats, had been erected. Mr. Walker made a statement to the effect that he had adopted all the latest improvements, and that he could boil down fat without the least smell being perceptible outside the establish- ment, but that the new apparatus could not be tested until tho warm weather, this accounting for the complaints of tho smoll during the winter. On the 8th December there was a slight smoll, but it was no moro than arose from his own dinner, on account of the great heat. Mr. Call said it had been admitted that there was a smell in the vicinity, and as he believed that defendant's establishment had contributed to form it, he would be fined £5, with £4 4s. costs. He hoped all tho other offenders would bo pro- ceeded against also. A man named Thos. Davis was charged at the City Court yesterday with stealing a horse belonging to a man named Corrigan (at present in Geelong), in July last. The horse had been left in the street for a few minutos, when it was taken by Davis, who offered it for sale, and produced a fictitious certificate of character to show that he was not likely to have stolen the animal. The prisoner was arrested in consequence of his raising a cry in the street that he was being robbed by a man named Robert Briggs, but the charge being proved to be without foundation, Briggs was discharged, and Davis was identified as the man who was "wanted" for horse-stealing. .He was remanded till Tuesday for tho pro- duction of evidence. By permission of Colonel Trevor, C.B., and the officers, the band of the 14th Regiment will play in the Botanical Gardens this after- noon, weather permitting, from 4 to 6 o'clock. The following is the programme:—Overture, "Mirella," Gounod; selection, "Barbe Bleue," Offenbach; mazurka, "L'Hiron- delle," Kelsi Bela; waltz, "Ruby," Valen- tine; selection, "Gemma di Vergy," Doni- zetti; galop, "Archery," Bergman. The usual monthly parade of volunteers under the commandant will not be held this month. A man named Frederick Fisher, aged 35, working as a quarryman at Footscray, yester- day had his face severely injured by the pre- maturo explosion of a powder blast, which ho was in the act of charging. He was taken to the hospital, and found to be considerably hurt, especially about the eyes. Last evening, about 9 or 10 o'clock, a cab full of passengers was coming from South Yarra, and had to pass tho Military Barracks, on tbo St. Kilda-road, at tho time the band was playing (it being mess night), when one of a crowd of boys who had been attracted by the music threw a stone into the cab, and tho missile struck a gentleman passengor violently on the loft eye. The sight would most pro- bably havo been destroyed but that the stone was partly diverted from the face by striking the rim of the gentleman's hat. The blow was, neverthless, very severe, and will causo the gentleman, who is well known in South Yarra, to have a black eye for some days. He expressed his intention of reporting tho matter to the police, and suggesting the advisability of a constable being stationed at tho barracks, atanyrato onmess nights, when there is invariably a crowd of tho rudest street roughs loafing and ' ' skylarking" about, ready for any mischief. Immediately on tho stone being thrown, tho cab was stopped, but of course the boys had already made a "stampede." I A quick and clever discovery of an offender and his "loot, "was made on Tuesday evening by Detective Brown. Information was given at tho Dotective-office that a revolver had been stolen from tho Shearers' Arms Hotel, in Little Bourke-strcer, and a description of the supposed thief was given, whereupon Brown sallied forth, arrested the man from the description given, and charged him with the theft. He of course denied it, but Brown went to Moore's boarding-house, in Little Bourke-street, and after a diligent search, found tho rovolver most cunningly concealod in a closet on the back promises. The man, whoso namo was Thomas, then told the de- tective, "You're too clever for me," and pleaded guilty to the rhargo. He was sent to gaol for six months. Yesterday, Mr. Wm. Simons summoned the proprietors of Bell's Life to tho District Court for money due, but the case was post- poned on a point of law as to the jurisdiction of the court in the case. I The case of M'Oabe v. Collier, in which there was a fraud summons to recover money lent by tho complainant to the defendant, his mother-in-law, was called on in the Dis tric Court yesterday, having been postponed since last week, on account of tho defendant being too ill to appear. It was stated that tho defendant was still too ill to attend, but tho other side said that sho had been seen behind the bar of her hotel that vory morning. The Bench granted a postpone- ment until to-day, to enable the defendant to appear, not agreeing to appoint an arrange- ment of weekly payments, as suggested on behalf of the defendant. There is no change to report in the prices of the horses for the Geelong Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, betting being still confined to doubles on these events. The other races aro not likely to be speculated upon until the weights are out. Double-event betting is still being done on the Sydney Cup and Ledger, Charon being generally taken for the latter race, the prices varying according to the quality of the horse chosen for the Cup. A fow doubles are also being done on the Sydney and MfilbournB CUDS, but hardlv a sinrrlo out and-out bet is being booked on any event. A rather peculiar case came before tho magistrates in the Richmond Police Court yesterday morning. A young man named John Carter was charged by John Jones, who represented himself as the founder of some sugar works, with committing a violent assault. From the statement made hythe prosecutor it appeared that he was walking in the Richmond-paddock on Boxing Day, when tho defendant came up to him, and, without any provocation being given, struck him in the face and then knocked him down, saying, "I'll teach you to insult females in tho street." The defendant said that a young woman in whoso welfare ho took a poculiar interest had been insulted in the street on Christmas evening by a mob of rowdies, and he had been informed that the prosecutor was the ringleader on that occasion. Jones denied the insult, but admitted meeting some young men in Johnston-street on that even ing. The magistrates postponed the caso for a week to get the evidence of the young woman. Robert Kennedy, the father of the young woman, was then charged with using threatening language to Jones on the occa- sion when he was knocked down. Ho ad- mitted speaking strongly, believing his daughter had been insulted, but he con- fined himself to talking. The Bench reserved their decision until they heard the evidence of his daughter. Tho annual meeting of the parishioners of St. Peter's Church, East Melbourne, was hold in the schoolroom yesterday evening; the Rev. H. H. P. Handfield presided. The re port presented by the churchwaidens showed Ci}üTfcrr."~.nf aiso rèïerrcuto the proposal for building a now church, the plans of which were exhibited in tho room. Messrs. F. Reed and F. Walker were reappointed church- wardens, and the following were appointed a parochial committee, with power to add to theirnumber -.-Messrs. Allen, Blannin, Curtis, Empson, Hilton, Holmes, Macartney, Mus kett, Pinnock, and Wilson. TliTee diminutive urchins were yesterday morning arrested by Constable M'ICenzie at Brunswick, with five waistcoats, four coats, two pairs of trousers, and a blanket in their possession, to all appearances the result of a laid on some clothes line. They were subse- quently brought before the Bench and re- manded for thTee days, to enable inquiries to bo made respecting the case. During tho last few days the angling fra- ternity have been in their glory, After weeks of bad luck the tide has turned. Tho fish aio now in the river in abundance, and in prime condition, and feeding in the old style. Last Tuesday ovening, about half-a-dozen of the brotherhood met at the Jolly Anglers' Hotel, and when the weight of all the fish was put together, it amounted to the total of between 701b. and 801b. The majority of them had only been fishing for about three hours. The fish ranged from Jib. to 2¿lb., but tho ma- jority woro about lib. The takes were not confined to any particular spot, but princi- pally within a mile of Raleigh's Punt, The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders in the Masonic Hall Company (limited) was held yesterday evening, at the Masonic Hall, Lonsdale-street. There was a tolerably nu- merous attendance of shareholders. The re- port and financial statements, which dis- closed a prosperous state of affairs, were re- ceived and adopted, after which Messrs. A. K. Smith, E. Walter, A. T. Porter, W. Elms, andW. P.Corcoran wore elected directors, and J. Blackburn and S. Wallworth were re elected auditors. The proceedings closed with the usual vote of thanks to tho chair- man. Tho first meeting of the South Melbourne School of Art was held last evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald-hill. Forty six members attended out of 58 who have been already enrolled. Test exercises were given to tho pupils, on the examination of which five classes were formed, viz., outline, figure, landscape, ornament, and mechanical drawing. Other classes will be formed, from time to timo, in accordance with the require- ments of the pupils. In addition to the teachers,, Mr. Nimmo, J.P., Mr. Fyfe, and other members of the committee attended ; and Dr. Blcasdale, of the Technological Com- mission, and Mr. Roberts, of the Melbourne School of Art, visited the school during the evening. We remarked somo excellent models, some of which were lent by the trus- tees of the Public Library. Altogether the school has made a fair start, worthy of tho ?prestige of the model borough, whoso examplo in this respect wo hope soon to seo copied by all the other suburbs of the city. Tho Masonic ceremony of the installation of tho right worshipful master of tho Com bermeroLodge (No. 752, English constitution), took place last evening, at tho Freemasons' hall, Lonsdale-street. Tho Postmaster of tho lodgo, Brother J. Zevcnboom, who has recently returned from Europe, was succeeded in the chair by Brother Henry Vine, who has worked his way up in the lodge faithfully and diligently during the last twelve months. The ceremony was conducted by Brother J. J. Moody, D.S.G.W., who de- livered the installation address in his usually impressive stylo, and his remarks to the various office-bearers of tho lodgo with re- gard to their duties were apt and forcible. After tho conclusion of the ceremony, the brethren and visitors were sat down to a sumptuous repast, catered for by Messrs. Calflisch and Pearson, of Collins- street. The " spread" was all that could be desired by the most exigeant present, and the wines were of the first quality. The usual toasts pertaining to such celebrations were duly honoured, and tho company separated after a very pleasant evening. At tho Geelont» Police Court yesterday, William Richardson was charged with stoaling one spado guinea, a 20 franc, and 10 franc piece, from the shop of Isaac Crawcour, Geelong. Isaac Crawcour stated in evidence that ho had the coins produced in his pos- session for 10 years, and could swear to them. Last saw them in his window on the night of the fire. Valued them at £310s. Elias S tono deposed to purchasing from tho prisoner on the 1st December the spado guinea and another of the same kind, a day or two after. Ho bought the small coin from tho prisoner, and the silver-gilt coin a few days after. Sergeant Goodenough stated that when he arrested the prisoner ho admitted, after being cautioned, that he had picked tho coins up near tho Botanical gardens about three weeks or a month prtyjj viously. Sergeant Toohey doposcd to tffcr prisoner assisting bira at the lato fire in re- moving the pledges. Ho was close to him all the time, hut had taken nono of tho pledges. Prisoner worked so well at tho fire that ho was rewarded for it. Had known him for four years ; he bore a very good character. The prisoner was committed to tako his trial at the General Sessions, bail being allowed in a personal security of £100, and two sureties of £60 each. At a meeting of the managers of the Little River and Duck Ponds farmers common, held on Monday last, the herdsman reported that the cattle were in first-class condition, water and feed being most abundant. Tho crops in tho Little River and Duck Ponds havo been nearly all gathered in, and the results havo proved very satisfactory to the farmers. It is many years since they have experienced such a prosperous year. One person expects not less than GO bushels of wheat to the acre, and has also a fino crop of barley, for which he has received an offer of 2s. 9d., deliverable on the farm, In the Belle- rine district the yield of wheat is from l8 to 40 bushels por acre. The hay crop is par- ticularly abundant. This week's issue of Humbug contains an admirable two-page cartoon apropos of the rpc.e.nt turf scandais. It is entitled " Patrons [ of the ,Turf," and represents three villanous looking members of the betting-ring doop in betting-book calculations, and evidently quite prepared to arrange whatever little* swindle may be considered most in accordance with their interests. The cartoon is drawn with great vigour and ' breadth of style, and is altogether one of Mr. Cousins's most success- ful efforts. Mr. Castieau informs us that the number of prisoners who passed through the Mel- bourne Gaol during the year just over was 5,047. The number who have been lodged in the Swanston-street lockup would probably amount to about 20,000. Yesterday ovening, at about half-past 7, a horse, drawing a spring-cart laden with up- holstery, belonging to Mr. Cohen, of Lons dale-street, bolted from the neighbourhood of Emerald-hill, dashed over Prince's-bridgo, and thence rushed up Swanston-street to Lonsdale-streot, at a furious pace, all efforts to arrest its progress being useless. We be- lieve no accident occurred, which was a most wonderful thing, as it was just dusk, and the road was thronged with vehicles, pedestrians, and persons on horseback. At the corner of Bourke- street two cabs wero standing a little apart, with just room for another vehicle to pass, when tho runaway horse dashed between, and passed through without a touch. Tho horse appeared to have neither bridle nor winkers on. It was stated that the driver was drunk, but when two constables were asked to take him in charge for being drunk, they declined on the ground that he was not in that state, though he had been drinking, The late murderous assault at nrom.H -i -b. _ subject of investigation at the Geelong police court yesterday. The prisonor, John Blake, was charged, on remand, with violently assaulting Isaac Harris, captain of the Mar- garet Chessell, schooner, on the 14th Decem- ber. Captain Harris, who appealed in a very weak state, deposed, in answer to Sub inspector M'Namara, that he was at the wreck of tho Victoria Tower on the 14th of December. The prisoner, who was working there, had knocked off, when witness asked him to lend a hand at the ropes. Prisoner gave an abusive reply, and witness struck him once about tho face. Prisoner then got hold of witness and pulled him down. Afterwards they went on with the work and finished it. Could not recollect anything after that. Mr. Reid deposed to the last witness being brought to the hospital having a contused wound at the back of the left ear, about half an inch long. The wound could have been produced by an instrument similar to that produced,—a heavy steel crowbar). The wound outside was not dangerous, but insido witness be- lieved the base of the skull had been frac- tured. Not one in a hundred would get over such a wound, James Lee, seaman, deposed to being on board the Margaret Chessell on 14th December last, and to observing Harris strike Blake over the temple. Blake got hold of the captain, and a tussle took place, after which tho captain came abaft the fore rigging and asked Blake if he wanted any more. Blake said he did not want to have anything further to do with him. Witness did not appear to know anything about the assault. Alexander Shearer gave similar evidence, stating, in addition, that when the struggle took place he saw the captain with tho prisoner's finger in his mouth, and told him not to eat the man's flesh off. The evidence taken on a previous occasion was read. The prisoner was com- mitted to take his trial for the offence, bail being allowed-himself £100 and two sureties of £50 each. "The severest thunderstorm that has been experienced for a long time past fell at Pleasant Creek on Monday," says the News. "On Sunday night thero was a short but heavy rainfall, and very vivid lightning, which left the atmosphere close and sultry. This continuod till Monday about 2 o'clock, when tho storm, accompanied with thundor and lightning, began, and lasted for about holf-an- hour, deluging tho streets, and Bond- ing largo quantities of water into tho various dams. Tho wind which accompanied tho rain was little short of a hurricane, a fow houses and vorandahs boing unroofed." Tho following queer story appears ia the Pleasant Creek News. The writor is described as "a gentleman long resident on Pleasant Creek, and who always boro the character of an energetic, upright, conscientious, truthful man. He has for some time past boen a resi- dent in New Zealand." He says :-" I saved a claim hore at tho Thames through a spirit communication. Ithadbeonneglccted, and was liable to be jumped, whonl was told by spirit writing that six mon were coming at 9 o'clock the next morning on to the claim to jump the ground, with othor particulars of thoir programme. I was thoro with the mon I got, just in tho nick of timo to save the claim. The jumpois carno exactly at tho timo I was told they would do, and thoy saw at once that they wore completely checkmated, and lookod shccnishlv disaopointed and as white as ghosts when they saw wo wore too much and too strong to bo bounced by them. You see by this that I am a spiritist." "A fire, which we aro afraid cannot bo called accidental, occurred at tho residence of Mr. John Little, at Eversley, on Thursday last, by which several stables and other out-buildings were destroyed, and a considerable amount of valuable property injured. "It appears," says the Ararat Advertiser, " that a man, whoso ñamo we have not yet ascertained, has for somo timo past been in Mr. Little's employment, where he distinguished himself by his laziness and gonoral loaf- ing propensities. Unable to' got tho man to apply himself to his work, Mr. Littlo at last paid him off. On leaving his employer tho fellow wont to the kitchen, and'commenced insulting the maids, who called for their mis- tress for protection, but tho blackguard, no- thing abashed, carried on his insulting beha- viour to her also ; she sent for Mr. Little, who made short work of tho scoundrel by kicking him out of tho house. The man went away breathing threatenings and curses, and stating that ho would cause Mr. Little to rue the day he treated him so. In a short time afterwards, the stable was discovered to be in flames, and it was with groat difficulty the horses wero rescued. Fortunately, Mr, Littlo has a largo supply of water on tho pro- mises, and tho firo was prevented from spreading boyond tho stablo and coachhouse, but not before it had destroyed a valuable double buggy in tho latter building. The miscreant was caught by the other mon in Mr. Little's employment, and a hasty trial re- sulted in a verdict of guilty against him, and, as a preliminary to handing him over to the police, the scoundrel was soundly ducked in the Wimmera." "On Sunday morning last," says the Avoca Mail of tho 1st inst., "as Mr. Robarts, of Singleton farm, Bung Bong, was assisting his brother-in-law in driving the horses from the stables into the paddock, thoir at- tention was suddenly arrested by somo loose straw, fronting tho barn, break- ing forth into flames. The force of the strong wind which was blowing, carried the devouring clement into tho largo barn, in which was a quantity of hay in truss. In a few moments the whole interior was one mass of firo, and every attempt to rescue anything from the building was utterly impossible ; for in less time than it takes to pen this, tho de- struction of the barn, with tho adjoining stables, &c;, and their contents, was complete. In addition to this, the barn contained the thrashing and winnowing machines, several sets of harness, 200 cornsacks, with the usual belongings of a largo farm, all of which fell a proy to the flames. The adjoining paddock of Mr. Hooper, with its long dry grass and AnnA (inlun. olo« 4-nn}r firo nnA hnrnf flni-nnlir but owing to the oxeitions of those present, and to tho existence of a considerable breadth of fallow ground next to the homestead, that gentleman's property was mercifully pre- served. The origin of the firo is unknown. Very much sympathy is felt for Mr. Hobarts, whose loss by this calamity is over £200, and he is not insured for a sixpence." "Week after week," says the Ballarat Courier, " the condition of tho unfortunate Chinese lepers on Clayton's-hill is becoming more deplorable. Unless some steps aro shortly taken to provide for their accommo- dation- indeed, to see that they are supplied with the bare necessities of life-there will bo a tale to unfold which will leave a dark stain on the pago of colonial history. It would scarcely tend to brighton the historical career of the colony wore it to be left on record that, christianised and civilised as Victorians profess to be, they could not afford to spend a few hundreds a year in preserving from starvation some seven or eight Chinese who had become affected with the fearful disease of leprosy, and who, surrounded by religion and religious people, were left to die uncarcd for and unheeded. Of those affected only ono is now able to render assistance to his fellows, and even he is fast getting into a stage of the disease when he will not bo able to help himself. What will then happen, or what will be done boforo that time arrives, remains to be seen." "A bush fire, which caused considerable damage, broke out on Mr. Stuart Reid's run, at Eddington, on Friday last, at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon," says the Hampden Guardian, "and with great exertion was apparently got under about nightfall. It until the afternoon. The Rev. Sam. Corrie, at Kilnoorat, was a considerable sufferer, a valuable haystack and hut upon the church property having been totally burnt, the fire running up close to the church doors, where it was with difficulty stopped. Mr. Reid's loss is estimated at 3,000 acres of grass feed, and Mr. P. M'Arthur suffers to the extent of 500 acres. The neighbours on all sides were promptly on the spot, and rendered valuable assistance, Mr. R. R. Murray, with his men, travelling to Koort-Koort-Nong, to the scene of the fire. At daylight on Saturday, about 500 rails were found to have been burnt on another part of the same run, situate at the crossing-place over the Blind Creek, This latter fire is suspected to have been the act of an incendiary, and had not the smouldering embers been discovered in time, the destruc- tion to property at this season of the year would have been something enormous. We believe it is Mr. Reid's intention to offer a re- ward for the discovery of the villain who per- petrated this dastardly act, and we trust that the offender may speedily be brought to jus- tice, and receive that punishment which he so richly merits." Tho South Australian Register has come forth with the new year as an oight- page paper, and in its enlarged form it contains considerably moro matter than heretofore. In announcing this chango, the proprietors mention that they have "under ono roof tho oldest and the newest printing machinery in South Australia. The Stanhope press of 1836 and the Hoo of 1870, represent the two ox- ] tremes of a chequered life, which has sur- vived governors and governments, parlia- ments and constitutions, eminent public men, and great commercial firms. Of each the lleyi&ter; has endeavoured to presorvo a faithful record, and every fresh issuo it adds to the three and thirty years of its publication it hopes to render worthy of its semi-national traditions." The Bendigo Independent states that with the residents of Sandhurst " Hobart Town is a place which is, just now, a standing thorne of conversation. There is a tolerably nume- rous circle of moderately and immoderately wealthy Bendigonians, with whom the talk is of Tasmania-its comfortable climato, its beautiful scenery, its good-looking ladies, and tho expenses of the pleasure of paying the island a visit. Acting upon tho notion which a chanco excursion steamer put into their heads, a few of them went ovor last yoar, and they brought back such an excellent account of the land which they went to spy out that, were a similar opportunity afforded, many moro would bo induced to go and s.eo for themselves. As wo have already said, wo suppose there are other places like Sand- hurst, and it is almost certain that but for tho indifference of thoso who aro interested n increasing the passengor traffic betwoon tho two colonies Hobart Town and Launces- ton would bo transformed into places where many Victorians would annually congregate. Tho Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company stops the way with its monopoly, and con- sequently high fares." Our contemporary suggests that much larger and moro powerful steamers Bhould bo put upon tho lino, and that the fares should bo reduced one-half. "The Sandhurst Mining Board," writes our correspondent, "aro rebelling against tho system of lovying enormous sums of monoy in the shape of witnesses, surveyors' fees, upon men who attempt to utilise the waste lands on gold- fields; and at their meeting on Wednosday took some action in tho matter. Fancy a surveyor asking £5 for work performed in about half an hour 1 The manner in which mon desirous of working ground aro ' fleecod ' was energetically con- demned, and a return to the old system of the warden adjudicating on the ground ad- vocated." Our Sandhurst correspondent writes :- I ara given to understand tuat at tl10 present time thero are a greatman.v°xperienced miners idle in the Ballarat distrito If that * tne coso, they should not romak' idl° lonS. as ttt present there is in this distrit't a great com- plaint of the want of good mint'1?' an" oon' sidcrable difficulty is experienced _n working some of our mines owing to this cat-.''0' ^on aro being paid from £2 to £2 12s. M- Por week, according to their ability. Of .'ourse it is a good distance from Bendigo to B& Ua" rat, but most miners at tho latter place a.re acquainted with persons of thoir own occu- pation in Sandhurst, and could, through them, try to obtain work." Tho Christmas pantomime at the Theatre Royal is having a very successful run, and there was the usual full attendance at this house of entertainment last evening. Mr. Cavanagh, the hoxkeeper, has publishod a second edition of the book of the introduc- tion. Tho Duke of Edinburgh Theatre has been only very moderately attended during tho week, but Holler's and tho Minstrels' entertainments have amused largo numbers of country and town visitors. The usual monthly meeting of tho South- eastern Permanent Building Society was hold on Tuesday night, Mr. C. Gray in tho chair, when sovoral additional shares were taken up, Mr. Christopher Hall was appointed an auditor. Tho annual treat of the Church of England common schools in Brunswick was hold on Tuesday in the Royal-park. D uring the after- noon a number of the friends visited tho grounds, and the Rev. Mr. Bardin, the in- cumbent, distributed the prizes to those who had gained thom. The usual monthly meeting of the Third Victoria Building Society was held last ovon ing at their offices, 5G Little Collins-street east. Mr. G. W. Rusden was in the chair, and announced the month's receipts to bo £3,755. 7jf shares were'sold at nominal pre- miums, and 06 shares wore balloted. Some time before tho death of tho late Rev. A. M. Ramsay, [Mr. Frederic Dunn, photo- grapher, of Swanston-street, took a very ad- mirable likeness of tho rov. gentleman, attired in his ministerial robes. Mr. Dunn is now publishing copies of the likeness, which willno doubtboeagerlysocured by themembers of tho congregation over which Mr. Ramsay so long presided. The hon. secrotary of the St. Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society acknowledges tho follow- ing contributions towards tho fund necessary for obtaining tho annual grant of £75 from tho borough council:-£12 Is. Id. from tho Rev. J. S. Low, collected in Christ Church on Christmas Day, and £3 17s. lOd. from the Rov. H. B. Macartney, collected in St. Mary's, Caulfield, on tho same day. Mr. Frank Fordham, of tho London Ex- port Provision Company, 241 Swanston- street, has forwarded to us some samples of the sauces and condiments manufactured by him. They comprise specimens of the Duko of EdinburRli sauce, mixed pickles, aromatic spiced vinegar for pickling, and potted bloater paste, all of which wo can certify to be excellent and extremoly palatablo ; and as these condiments aro made from perfectly freBh and wholesome colonial produce, and can bo sold at London prices, wo see no reason why they should not speedily supersede tho imported article. On Monday evening a successful enter- tainment was given in Eltham for Catholic church purposes, by a number of clever amateur singers from Molbourno. The Rev. W. M. Finn, of Heidelberg, occupied tho chair.- Tho long room of Weller's was crowded in every part, and the applause that followed each singer was a signal proof that tho audience was delighted. It is worthy of remark that two-thirds of the largo assem- blage were membors of Protestant denomina- tions, and Father Finn, who is a Victorian colonist of many years' standing, spoke in eulogistic terms of tho kind feeling which was fostered in tho county town of Evelyn among tho sects, which would go a long way to co mont all parties in pulling together for the fiitnrn siir.rîPRH of Vintorm. 