JOTTINGS BY THE WéX.' | HtjRHAJi! for the country; Hurrah.! for the boundless lush'again-I bound ' myself to behold you once more. GumB, pines, and oaks, I kiss both hands to to you ; gracoful acacius I bow low-te you; humbler flora, I look down upon you with affectionate admi- ration ; green fields, rich pastures, smiling orchards and vineyards, farms,- -gardens, and plantations, I salute you ; rivers and creeks, I dip my respectful feet ; old ocean, my brother, lot me hear your musi- cal and powerful voice onco again.;-but Btay, let me shake myself-Pshaw 1 The duet of nil tho house of England and half the nobility, is in my hair ; king», George and William ; queens, Elizabeth and Vic- toria; the dukes of York, Kent, and Sussex ; William Pitt and Lord Castlereagh, havo all (or their streets have) contributed their quota .to fill the oyes and clog the hair-but a wash, a scrub, gets rid of all tho property I have in bydnoy, (ia that form), and now what do I behold P A very pretty and gently undulating country, in a rich green dress, studdod with oostly or^nmonts in tho shape of furms, gardens, vineyards, and country houBOS, with a long straggling village in a broad valley; which village contains five places of worship; five publio houses, ono mill, several good private dwelfings, a court house, and a railway station. Gentío and amiable reader, whnt'js tho village's namo ? -Give it up ? " Pm not good nt riddles." .* I'll explain a little more- There* aro sovoral very pretty belles to ba found in it, and in fnct, hoing tho third town in point of ago in New South Wnles. Selles have always camped hero sinco it was a town. "Oh. I know now-of course-Cambelltown. So named after Mr. Macquarie, who was a Campbell.. The public buildings of Campbelltown are of that order of nrchhiteoture to which the Church of Eng- laad, in King-street, and St. Jamos', Melbourne, belong, and which may be termed tho *' Puritanical" -substantial, but piara. Tho Boman Catholic Church holds as usual a com- manding position on tho top of a hill, where it was originally intended to place tho town; but the town declined to go, and remained below. Tho church is lighted woll by a double row of windows, admira- bly constructed for admitting sun and heat. Tho Church of England is lower down, moro in the town, and is now undergoing repairs, tho roof being renewed, and the towor at tho west end raised six feet. This church, liko the first named, has its own bourne attached, from which no traveller returns, after hoing borne to it. The Scotch Church is a plain little red brick build- ing, and a still more modest and unassuming little building-has this rather conglomerate superscription on ono end,-" Grand Concert, Wosleyan Chapel. Voto for Leary." A building of a more pretentious character claims attention, close at hand having a deoply recessed entrance, and being well lighted from tho roof, this is the Congregational church. I was duly cautioned that any irreverent remark anent this edifico, would evoke direful indignation, in fact ono member of par- liament had lost his Boat by that sams thing ; not that I should consider this any great punishment, quito the other way ; and as for a seat, when I want one, I always take ono ; yot I wouldn't liko to hurt the building's feelings, and if it is so thin-walled as to feol every puff of sarcasm go through them, I am afraid tho erodion is not very safo. Stono of various kinds is got in this neighbour- hood, two milos east on tho Spa creok ; a capital freestone, ruthor coarse in the grain, is obtained ; it is of a good colour and stands well. Another, ono and a-half milo away, on tho same creok, is finer in grain und darker in colour, presenting tho arrisaos extremely clean and sharp, being fit for any fino and ornamental work. Another sample, finer and closer still, comes from the Glenlco estate, four milos off; this stono has more clay still, and works up remark ably Uno, and is auitublo for all internal work, but won't stand tho weather. Tho quarry borders upon the basalt, from which tho road metal is obtained. At the baok of Mr. Booking's mill tho slate formation is seon overlapping tho freostono. Mr. Bocking, who is miller, storekeeper, con- tra ct or, and agont in Campbelltown, informs mo that the state of society, as regards sobriety hore, is emi- nently satisfactory, a drunkard hoing a rare sight in the street, and the rations at tho gaol for tho supply of inebriates not amounting to ten shillings a quarter. Senior constable A. Berkelman, stationed hore, und with whom I had Bomo chat upon war news, is a f oldter of tho Crimea, having boen at Inkerman, tho Alma, Sebastopol, and Balaclava, hoing ono of the survivors of tho famous six: hundred. Dr. Boll informs us that tho air of Campbelltown is so salubrious that a medical man is unablo to mnko a living in tho district ; and evon tho dead revisit it, if tho following ghost story bo authentic, and it is undoubted by many. Goorgo Spicer, who j was called across the road to toll mo tho story, says he wns a shipmalo of Fisher's (the talo hoing that of " Fisher's ghost") and carno to the colony in 1818, about four yoars after which Fisher and Warren wero partners, and the former returning from a four months' absence np tho country, was murdered by Warren, who gave out that his partner had gone home to England, while ho, Warren, kindly took charge of ali the property. Ono Furloy was returning homo at night, partially intoxicated, when to his surprise he saw Fisher sitting on tho sido rail of tho bridgo (immediately in front of the mill, where I hoard tho story) ; says he, " Hullo, Fisher. I thought you was gone home." Fishor beckoned to him to follow, and proceeded down the littlo creok till he carno to a cortnin spot, whero Fisher dissolved and vanished, and Farley becumo instantaneously sober, and marked the spot, it never having struck him till then that Fisher was walking without his flesh. Farley created such a Btir about it, that a black tracker was put on, who'at once detected a scum arising on the surface of tho water, which betrayed decomposing flesh below, say \- ing-"Thero he lays;".and sure enough the body of tho murdorod mun was unearthed, Warron meet- ing his duo roword, a form of law and a hempen cord. - For nonrly fifty years that bridgo has boen passed, after dark, undor protest, and with bated breath, by all tho juvenile members of this community, who ore hy no moons perfectly assnred that Fisher's ghost is woll and truly laid. Quite a rural sketch of Campbelltown is to be akon from a ruined hut on a groan rise to tho south, and overlooking tho whole valley where, nt tho time I took it, cows had juiioiously placed themselves in Ibo various heraldic atiitvdes of passant, regardant, and recumbont, but no t: mpant. Here, I am told, when tho hut was habitable a member of parliament, woll known as an admitui of natural scenery, was wont to rotire from tho hn»rtB of men and chew tho cud of meditation, and p^rnnps, smoko tho pipo of penco. Threo miles east of tho town by tho old dray road to Sydney, is found Mr. William Fowlor's boautiful vineyard nnd grounds of Eschol Park. A_ canter^thro ugh tho balmy air, and along tho old fashioned winding road, with hedges,' and Bardens, and fruit trees, just blushing into spring, brings mo to a whito gnto and n narrow lano, thon another gate and a young avenue which winds nbout and up hill to tho house, which commands a very pretty view, and a most salubrious air. Tho houso is exceedingly commodious, and well built in two storeys, with colonnade and balcony, nnd from tho lutter is quito a charming view of tho undulating country around, just sufficiently tiinborcd, and dotted about with farms and suporior residences, as Varroville (Judge Chceko's), _ Denham Court (Mr. Lester's) ; on tho right tho distant town may be Been, and the music, of its bolls heard on tho Sabbath. Tho houso is approached through an avenue of vines, while closer about it, and sloping down from tho front, is tho flower gordon, bordered by bananas, and having in the contre what will in a few weoks bo a fountain before tho entrance door. This proporty consists of 628 acres of mostly good land, twenty acres of whioh aro under vines, twolve acres of theso hoing in full bearing ; and the vineyard (which is niuo years old,) contains tho fol- lowing vinos:-Reisling, Hermitage, Tokay, Mus- cat (red, whito, and black), Vordeilho, Blanchard (late grape), and Tuioau (a species of Burgundy). Tho main body of tho vinos is detntched from tho houso on nn opposite hill with an cast and south aspect, nnd çunrdod by a German resident on this and on that sido. Koro the Boil averages ten inches deep, anti rosts on hurd, groy trap and metamorphic rock, lt is' all Bhndos, from chocolato to fiery rod, and hoing hand trenched two feet deep, and having rubble drains averaging a ohain apart, and dug at tho most available places for removing standing or superfluous water beneath, tho vinos can hardly fuil i to flourish. The Bhoots thoy aro now putting out show surprising -vitality and vigour. The rubble drain-is Bunk fifteen inches deepor than the tronch or throe foot three inches from tho surface, filled in to tba depth of eight inches with broken stone, .and j oovered up with brushwood. ' The- «takes are iron- bark, tarred against tho caterpillar, and in the-earlier plantation placed 4ft 6in apart; in the later 4ft Gil by Oft Sin, with the view of trellising on wire. The surface is worked by hand with the German two pronged hoe, and is remarkably cluan. Thegrnpcf are just beginning to show, and a few strong sbooti aro already as high as the stakes, and preliminary tying up was going on, or rather twisting, for thif tie is removed as the vms grows, and another made above, which, bows the wood outwards, forming n cago for the -fruit to hang in, where it is sheltered from the sun .by the leaves, and from the hail by th( vine. Since tho oidium, which Mr. Fowler considers t fungus, appeared, ho has treated his vines over) your after pruning with u dose of sulphur and lime cemented with cowdung to make it adhore th« longer. Tho' proportions ' he useB aro six pounds o flour of sulphur and six pounds slacked limo boilec in two gallons of water ; cool for half an hour ant [ stir, then add eight gallons water nnd one bucko ! fresh co wdung ; stir, and it is fit for use. Apply ii to tho vines with a brush of Btringy-bark. Dry sulphur is also applied with a pnir of bellows tho nozrio of whioh is turned up trumpet-fashioi and fitted with a fino \ wiro grating, which Bcatten tho sulphur like a yellow cloud into tho leavei above. The wine-cellar-48ft by 24ft-is substan tinily built in brick, with lower walls of stono, nnc contains some really excellent wino, my favourit) being the Madeira. Tho price is 21s a gallon fer- mented, nnd 15s a dozon unfermonted, which is th< juice of the grape pure and- simplo for invalids, and our weaker brethren of tho Temperance school This not very good-looking but very nice tostinp wine, is obtained by boiling the juice m bottles, and corking whiîo boiling. The fruit is preserved in thc samo way, nnd Mr. Fowler intonds to enter tho fiele of competition side by side with the imported articlf from England and America, by preserving tho früil of his garden (and others) which at present gool much to pigs. The wino press is one of tho good old sort, largo stout, and strong, and having a divided rocoivor one for tho fruit, and the other under the lover foi the shells ; but the enterprising and hard-working proprietor of Eshcol Park intends to try a roUei press with rollers cased in vulcanized India-rubber, to avoid, of course, crushing tho seeds. Tho bottling-room is a detached brick building, ench shelf capable of holding a hogshead of bottled wino, and here is a capital plan for purifying thc -bottles : An ordinary soft-goods case, lined with zinc, is fitted with three horizontal racks ; these racks ore filled with sixteen dozen inverted bottles, and covered up; a small metal dish of burning sulphur is slid in on the bottom of the case, tho rising fumes of which enter overy bottle. Tho sulphur rags for testing casks aro also made on tho premises. In taking leave ef Eshcol Park and its owner, I am bound to say that Mr. Fowler is another of those useful colonists whose undertakings are alike credit- able to themselves nnd serviceable to tho colony, and many doubtless will join in wishing him every success. I was glad to find, in taking leave of Campbell- town tho next morning, on my way to Douglas Park and Nepean Towers, that since I gavosome accountof a journey to Goulburn in Decomborlast, arefroshment room has-been openod at this station for public accommodation, and the train stops ten minutes, to allow the said public time to take advantage of it.. Wollongong, 2nd October, 1870. 