Nearly twelve months have passed since Mr Anderson, the late energetic chairman of the Ballarat Water Commission, brought promi nently under the notice of the residents of this town the advantages that would accrue from establishing a woollen cloth factory amongst them. In the meantime nothing has been done to give vitality to this project, tbongb it is admitted on all sides that for Ballarat, with its immense population and varied interests at stake, to depend solely upon one industry for a permanent and pros perous existence, is to pursue a very absurd policy, aud one that cannot fail in the end to act most destructively to its progression. Since then the proprietors of the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company, Geeloug, have held their seventh and eighth half-yearly meetings, and the reports and balance-sheets which were read at those gatherings, speak in no measured terms of the success which their factory has achieved. At the last meeting which was held only some three weeks back, the profit and loss account showed a credit balance of over £2400, and the reserve fund amounted to £800. The report set forth that £3700 stood to the credit of the company at the bank on the 30th No vember, when we presume the balance 6heet was compiled, and npon the faith of these figures, and the evidence of general prosperity which the affairs of the factory furnished, a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, and a bonus of 5s per share on the old issue, in addition, were recommended by the directors and adopted by the shareholders. These details have been already laid before the Ballarat people in these columns, but neither Mr Anderson's carefully compiled figures and facts in favor of a similar estab lishment being erected in Ballarat, nor such taugible evidence of the success of the Gee- long factory, has yet had' the effect of stimu lating enterprise iu the same direction amongst us. Ballarat is still without a woollen factory, though the raw material is produced almost at its very doors; though it possesses an abundance of idle capital to erect twenty such establishments, and though Geelong has shown it for some time past that for a safe aud steady investment of money, there is no new industry to be started in this colony from which better results could be expected. This omission is not very creditable to our reputation for being an energetic and go-a head community, but-it is an omiBBion which cannot be disputed nevertheless. Into the merits of such an establishment being started amongst us we have already gone from time to time to such an extent that it would be a work of supererogation to repeat them here. -It is sufficient to say now that having some 50,000 people to clothe, and au abundance of raw material grown all round us, there is no town in the colony which offers equal prospects of success for a woollen factory to Ballarat. Water is plen tiful; the class of labor required at such mills is abundant, and that local pride, which if not carried to an extreme is ODe of the most honorable characteristics of a people, exists amongst us so plenteously, that a mill of tbis kind would be very soon overburdened with work, owing to the local demand there would be for its products. But the history of the GeeloDg mill shows us that woollen mills in this country stand in no need of depending npon such an influence as this for support, as by the judicious application of capital, and the employment of suitable ma chinery, worked by proper management, they can be made to pay, standing entirely on tbeir own merits, and in defiance of all outside opposition. Having all this in formation famished to ns partly from our own observation, and partly from what our neighbors have achieved, we confess to be utterly incapable of accounting for the strange indifference which prevails in Ballarat with regard to the erection of woollen mills within its boundary liues. If money were scarce with ns, and there were other draw backs in the way of such an undertaking being carried out, we conld understand this apathy, but no difficulty of either kind pre sents itself to nip enterprise in this direction. Money is that plentiful in Ballarat that it is actually going a-begging for 7 and 8 per cent, for safe investments, while the presence of the raw material and a large population to clothe, wonld make the operations of such a mill a marked success. If Geelong can make a factory of this kind pay, surely we can do the same thing. There its success baB been so marked that a second mill will shortly commence operations, while there is some talk of a third one being erected on the banks of the Barwon. What further inducement can be reasonably asked than this for our properly holders to come to the fore and start a mill in Ballarat ? We feel no hesitation in stating that the lnkewarmness shown by the Ballarat people on this Bubject is an object of much wonderment to outsiders. This is as suredly not surprising when the local facilities for such an establishment are considered, and when we call to mind the little headway the town has yet made in the way of establishing manufactories of tbis class. One of the causes, we believe, which stands in the way of this project being realised, is a feeling that it would withdraw a large amount of capital from mining operations; bnt we are disposed to regard this objection as puerile in the extreme. There are amongst ns a large number of small and large capitalists who never touch mining, and it is to this class we more particularly appeal to em bark in factories, where their money wonld not be exposed to the -same vicissitudes as attend investment in mining. Many of I these people have money lying idle In the banks, and it would sorely pay them better to pat it into . factories, which muBt he suc cessful, to leaving it where it lies idle, or rather where it yields no profit to themseivee. We have always regarded the establishment of manufactories in JBallarat as the sine qua mm to the suocessfnl prosecution of mining operations. By widening the productiveness of capita, and increasing the number of channels for the profitable employment of labor, the capital required for mining most be increased, and thns it folioira that there Is a thorough inter-dependence subsisting be tween the two interests — manufacturing and , gold-getting, and that to suocessfnlly accom- plish the latter we must not omit the former ' from our operations as a community. But abstract propositions of this nature are not so readily realised as they should be, though they are founded on sound bases, and in time become more popular as they are better understood. There is nothing, how ever, intangible or abstract about bow a woollen mill can be made to pay, for GeeloDg has solved tbis problem for us. After two years' operations it paid a dividend, and by tbis time bas returned in the shape of profit something like 20 per cent, upon the capital originally invested in it. Ballarat must surely be very hard to move in the direction of a new enterprise, if these facts are insufficient to induce its property-holders, who have so mnch at stake, to acclimatise the same industry amongst themselves. There can be no doubt as to the direct profit of such an establishment, while the indirect benefit to the town that would result from furnishing permanent employment to hundreds or thousands of working people is too evi dent to those who take the trouble to think, to need any recapitulation at our hands. Yankee enterprise has already in some measure made the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company look small. Patiently have old settlers in Australia, com mercial travellers, and young gentlemen of fortune, duly accredited. to agents. " this 6ide " np with care," borne with the multi farious inconveniences of the passage from Melbourne to Galle. Did not Mr Edward Wilson, first of sparrow and glowworm accli matises, write an indignant leoer to his own Argus , bitterly complaining of the insufficient water-closet accommodation on board the P. and O. boats f Remonstrance after remon strance has at last brought the present com pany to its bearings, so that now instead of retiring Nabobs having it ail their own way in the saloon, young and old Australia are allowed to have a voice in the matter. Thanks, therefore, to Mr Edward Wilson. Time was, when with bated .breath and whispered bambleness, Victoria had to go aud ask for a first-class passace, pay its money and look pleasant for its £120, eveu if berthed close to the screw. Since then the Pagoda Tree has been shaken of its choicest fruit, and poor despised " convict" Australia came to the rescue. Australia resents this sudden patronage, and it does so badly. It baB paid through the nose for years for any thing but an agreeable voyage. A route through the United States of America, with Son Francisco as a start point, after the inevitable 6ea voyage, is now offered to an appreciative and by this time enlightened travelling public. In forty days one journey ing from Melbourne can, as. per prospectus, find himself in Loudon or Liverpool. This announcement alone bears its own remunera tion. Bat there is another and a special charm in Cummins and Co.'s circular. It sets forth the followiug manifesto to the New South Wales Government. " It is also im- " portant you should be informed that the " corporation," (the Atlantic and Pacific Mail Steamship Corporation) " will undertake the " conveyauce of passengers from London and " the chief towns of England to Sydney at " the nnprecedently low ihrongh rates of £60 " first-class, and £30 second-class, including " rail, provisions, and other charges." Happy, thrice happy Sydney, and miserable of the miserable Melbourne! A Chamber of Commerce has been dragging out a wretched, dead-alive existence for the last fourteen years in our metropolis — we had almost said half a century — and still the P. and O. rule the roast. If Cummins and Co. be substantial men, as it is generally supposed they are, let them go in and win, for the Australian mail service until the last year has been shamefully neglected, and it is only since the directors of the P. and O., by the stern logic of facts, were compelled to the conviction that Australia was not the villain that the Saturday Review ones painted it, that a new string has been put upon the old fiddle. Nor does it discourse the most exquisite music yet. Mr Edward Wilson might still have a rational grievance, although the boats arrive at port within the statute time. All things being equal, we are inclined to go in for Cummins and Co. without prejudice, although the point of departure is the metropolis of the sister colony. The Victorian School of Art bas been com menced nnder most excellent auspices. With Judge Bindon and Mr J. A. Panton at the head of affairs, there is little fear of the idea dropping through. It was the fashion with a Melbourne contemporary, when politics ran high, to make Mr Bindon as ridiculous aB possible, and a parasite of the same journal never omitted an opportunity of caricaturing the honorable aud learned gentleman's nose, hat, and umbrella. Time brings about its own revenges, and the weekly victim of Punch, aud almost daily butt of the Argus, appears now as a patron and promoter of drawing and painting. This is by far the most honorable way of heaping coals of fire on the head of an enemy. With Judge Bindon president of the Victorian Academy, T. C. bas a splendid opening for the exercise of his satirical pencil. Will he use it, or gracefully acknowledge by a complimentary sketch that he has hitherto ' been in error most remote ? Mr Panton, the right worthy police magistrate, and erst warden at Saud- hnrst, has won Lis spurs as an artist years ago. Few who look at the comical periodi cals will forget the adventures of Captain Blowbard in Gipps Land, and at Wood's Point, or the last picture, "this is the end of him." In looking over the list of those interested in the establishment of a school of arts we meet with many familiar names; these, too, not of the least worthy amongst the companions of the brush and palette. AU BuccesB to the movement, for it is not only good as regards the graduates iu art, but sboold lead to the development of much latent talent. There are not too many avenues to fame and fortune in Victoria, thanks to the Argus and the warehousemen. Every opening should therefore have encour agement, and we accordingly highly approve of Judge Bindon's suggestion that there should be " association members " of the academy, i.e. gentlemen not connected with the art as a calling, but food of it, and willing to give the school tbeir countenance aud support. The nominations for West Geelong were made yesterday. The only candidates nominated were Mr Graham Berry and Mr Andrew Rutherford. Mr M'Lellan had a walk-over for Ararat on Monday. The name of W. M. Akhurst— not the first great W. M., by the way,— 4s to familiar to alt Victorian playgoers that we feel we almost owe our readers an apology for announcing that the Theatre Royal, Ballarat, is to be the laBt scene ot his many triumphs before he leaves for England in the good ship Kent. On Friday, assisted by the amateurs of the Garrick Club — with whom this association, with the only successful dramatic author in the colony, is the purest labor of love- Mr Akhnrst will make his first bow before a Bal larat audience. The bill is very attractive, com - prising, as it does, the Rampart Scene in -Hamlet wherein Mr George Moore and Mr Bnrrowes will enact the Prince of Denmark and the Ghost respectively; the great sensational act in the Octoroon; something from the Bent Day - and, we believe, the whole of the Heir-at-Law' We know nothing of Mr Akburst's oratorical powers, but quite sufficient of his literary pro- dnctionto be satisfied his burlesque version of " L Amcaine" will not pall npon his hearers. Several ladies of the corps de theatre, Melbourne Will, it is believed, render their aid in making a peat night of it. As far as Ballarat is concerned leaving out of the question the fact that there are absolutely no public evening amusements just now, wc are satisfied that admiration for good " music set to noble words" will fill the theatre on Friday, and that Mr Akhurst will carry home with him, and such of his family as purpose ac companying him, a vivid remembrance of that appreciation of real talent for which our town and neighborhood have been ever famous. At in tervals daring the evening of Friday, the hand of the 1st Ballarat Rifle Rangers will discourse sweet music, and it is not unlikely that the patronage of the corps will be given to the worthy bencficiarc. It will interest some of our readers o be informed that Mr Akhurst dates hie first connection with the Australian preES from 1849, nod that for many years he has been an an n ug subscriber to the amusement of young and old Victoria in the shape of burlesques and pantomimes. The Siege of Troy alone has become a household phrase, and although we have not seen "The house that Jack built," we believe it is as little likely to suffer in any gale of wind as the ship Kent, in which a " man of Kent " purposes revisiting the land of his fathers. The hen. the Commissioner of Crown Lands and .Survey intends visiting Ballarat on Friday , the 4th instant, and will hear a deputation from the State Forest Committee upon the subject of forest reservation, at the George Hotel, at ten o'clock a.m. A man named John Cleary, who was lowering a cask of porter into Messrs Hamilton and Thomp son's cellar yesterday, slipped and fell about six feet, severely bruising bis chest. He was sub sequently conveyed to the hospital. A boy named George Perkins, aged twelve, teft his home at Sebastopol yesterday, and bad not been heard of up till a late hour last night. His parents were uneasy about him, though he cer tainly should be able to find bis way home. A fine Aurora Australia shone in the sonthern horizon last night, emitting ravs of strong fiery light; it lasted qnly for hqlf-an-hour. At abont three o'clock yesterday afternoon a large fire was visible on the western side of Lake Bnrrumbeet, in the vicinity of Mr Fraser's farm. The density of the clouds of smoke had very much the appearance of a stack- yard fire. At the meeting of the Ballarat Borough Council, held yesterday afternoon, a letter was read from Mr Daniel O'Connor, late inspector of weights and measures, complaining bitterly of having lost his appointment through no fault of his own , and of having his fntnre prospects of obtaining a livelihood seriously injured through the action of the council. For this be asked compensation, and his letter was referred to tbo finance committee for a report. Tlio net valuation of the ministers ot religion residing in the Western borough has been assessed at £415, and included in the property on which a rate of one shilling in the pound, pay able in two moieties, on the 4th March, and 4th Angust, was Btrack yesterday afternoon. The annual meeting of lady subscribers and governors of the Ballarat Female Refuge took place yesterday in the lecture-room of the Mechanics' Institute, J. Oddie, Esq., in the chair. The second annual report was brought np by the Rev. J. J. Halley. and adopted by the meeting. Amongst other business transacted was the ap pointment of a committee for the ensuing year. A full report of the proceedings is given in another column. It will be seen by an advertisement which ap pears elsewhere that a Land Society has been formed in Ballsrat, to assist persons desirous of taking np land under Mr Grant's new Land Act. The names of the committee are a guarantee that the operations of the society will be legitimately carried out. The first cricket match -between the Star and Courier Eleven and Eleven from the Argus office will be played on Saturday, on the Eastern Oval, the gronnd having been courteously placed at the disposal of the Third Estate by the committee of the B.O.C. The Melbourne men will be met at the railway station on their arrival by the first train on Saturday, and duly escorted to breakfast at host Braithwaite's, where we can guarantee they will "do remarkably well." The Ballarat Eleven are not finally chosen, that doty being left to Messrs Thompson and Coxon. The names will be published in due time. Tn the Court of Mines yesterday Bis Honor Judge Rogers sat in; chambers and disposed ef the following business: — No. 1. Petition to wind up the new Barkly Gold Mining Company, Regis tered; Mr Purcell for the petitioner. Mr Salter appeared and guaranteed payment of the debt and costs, and the application wae withdrawn. No. 2. Petition to wind up the Earl of Belmore Quartz Mining Company, Registered; Mr Purcell for the petitioner; order granted. No. 3. Petition to wind np the Prince Consort Quartz Mining Company, Registered; Mr Purcell for the petitioner; order granted. A buggy belonging to one of the firm of South ward and Sumpton came to grief yesterday at the Western Terminus. The horse and vehicle were standiog i.i front of the store, when the animal took fright, bolted down Lydiard street, and finally wound up a number of eccentric gyrations by capsizing t'.ie buggy on one of the side rails at the tirminus. Both shafts were broken, and the dashboard and hood seriously damaged. The ten minutes past seven train was starting at the time, so that had the buggy not turned over when it did there would most likely hare been a colli sion between the horse and locomotive. Mr J. Ureo is trying, at the request of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute, to get off a grand amateur promenade concert in the large hail, on Friday evening. Should the ladies and gentlemen who are invited attend in full force at the postponed meeting tbis ever.ing the public may look forward to a revival of old times, by listening to a good programme, as well as enjoy ing another sight of the fine paintings which are still on view. We heartily wish the company success, as a little amusement of some kind is at present much needed in this town. Out of the annual Tote for fencing and park purposes, a sum of £1000 has been allotted to the Ballarat council for 1669. Councillors Duncan and Doane will represent the Ballarat Borough Council at the interview with the interview with the hon. the President of the Board of Land and Works, re State forests, at the George hotel, Lydiard street, next Friday. The County Court opened yesterday morning and before rising disposed of the entire of the undefended list. A list of the defended cases to come on for hearing to-day will be found in another column. For fioancial reasons the Water Supply Com mittee agreed at its meeting last night to stop all laying of mains in the meantime, except the five inch pipe in the Creswick road. Two men, named William Jones and Michael O'Donnell, were brought to the Western Lockup yesterday afternoon by Senior-Constable Shine and Constable Nairne, charged with having assaulted John M'Kenche, with intent to do him grevionR bodily barm. It appears tbat they had been playing cards at Kelham's Supreme Court hotel, Lydiard street, aud they fell out about drinks, when Jones seized a large atone and Song it violently at M'Kcnche's face, breaking the bridge of his nsse. Dr Bunce, who was promptly in attendance, rendered all the assistance in hie power. Mr Henry Dickson, the pretended turnkey, whose clever swindle was referred to in our last issue, was .brought up at the District Police Court yesterday, and having pleaded guilty to having obtained the 30s from Mr Sutton, on the false pretence that it was tor that gentleman's hnogry friend in gaol, was sentenced to six months' im- prisoment, with hard labor. The forgery case, which also bangs over bis devoted head, was re manded for one week. At the Geelong County Court yesterday there were two or three cases tbat commanded some attention. One was Barrabool Shire Council v Elkingtan. The defendant had been secretary to the council, and removed from tbat position some weeks since. He held tbat his dismissal was not in accordance with law, end when at last forcibly removed from his seat at the council table and from the Shire Hall, be still retained possession of. the minute book, the rate book, and the valua tion roll. . The council sued him on that account, laying tbeir damages at £250. The case was lost on a technical objection, taken by defendant's solicitor, but the plaintiff' counsel intimated his intention of appealing to another court. In Yates v Hopkins, plaintiff sought to recover for damage done to crops on land taken up under the 42nd section thiongh the trespass thereon of de fendant's sheep. The plaintiff had selected in defendant's ran, and somehow the sbeep would in return select the plaintiff's cultivated land as tbeir feeding and camping ground, and the plain tiff estimated bis damage at £45. Judge Forbes gave him a verdict for £20 and costs. The great heat of the weather and the inoppor tune clashing of another reunion of the kind, combined to slightly mar — from a numerical point of view— the success of the tea meeting given in the Ebenezer United Presbyterian Church, Armstrong street, last night. However, there was a very respectable gathering, and the tables, which had been neatly arranged and plen tifully weighted with suitable refreshments by Mrs Ward, were soon hemmed , in on every eide; the Rev. Mr M'Micbael occupying the chair. After tea a meeting was held io the church, and addresses were delivered by the Rey, Messrs M'Michael, loglie, Collins, Finklstein, Feremen, &c; under the -able conduct of Mr Hardy the choir supplied excellent music during the night. The Rev. Mr Henderson had been expected to attend, but we learn that he was uoaroidably absent. At the next meeting of the Ballarat Borough | Council.au address, very handsomely illuminated by Mr Niven. of Lydiard street, will be presented to ConuciUor M'Dowall, the ex-mayor. The priGOQ labor work would have coaie off yesterday evening if Councillor M'Dowall had attended tlie meeting. It will be recollected that at a meeting of the Water Supply Committee some time ago, a depu tation of residents in Wendooree Parade applied to have the water laid on to tbeir premises, when a return of 10 per cent, was guaranteed. The did not then deem itself in a position to carry out the work, and Messrs Morrison and Smith have now offered to advance the necessary amount. This the committee, at its meeting last night, agreed to accept. The township of Brownsvale seems dstioed to acquire an unenviable notoriety for accidents to i children. Not fifty yards from where Mr Wil son s daughter was drowned a short time ago, two children had, on Monday last, a Bartow escape from the same death. Mr R. Good, who works at the Golden Lake Company's claim, bad a fine little boy, about three years of age, who is in the habit of running to meet his father as be comes off work to dinner; but on Monday the father was surprised to find that bis little son did not come out to meet him as usual. On asking the reason, be found that the boy and a girl abont eigteen months old, the daughter of a neighbor named Waugh, were missing. Mr Good com meoced searching, and seeing the lid off a spare waterhole, plunged boldly in, and found both children at the bottom. They were quickly taken into the bouse, where Dr Foster was speedily in attendance, and Boon pronounced the boy out of danger; hot it was more than two hours before the girl or infant could he brought round. The case is a very unusual one, as the hole is well covered io, and the lid was firmly secured, aud therefore bow the children could have moved it is inexplicable. Too much praise cannot be given to Mr Good, for it is entirely owiog to bis prompt action in jumpiog into the hole, fully seven feet deep, that the lives of both children are spared. The raising of the £270,000 required for the construction of the Gong Gong, and the extension of a direct line of 34ioch mains to the swamp, was considered at the meeting of the Water Sup ply Committee last night. Councillor Steinfeid, in moving tbat the recommendation of the execu tive and finance committees to raise the amount by debentures, which the Government is to be asked to guarantee, took occasion to expose some alleged fallacies in a statement which bad been prepared and printed by Councillor Doane. The chief objections urged were in regard to in come, that in 186970, an increase of £1500 was allowed, which in 187071 was set down aB reduced to £700, aud io subsequent years was only stated at some £9000; and in regard to ex penditure that the £20,000 of old debentures were included, although it was understood the two councils were to undertake these aod the cost of extension, &c.;, was included, notwithstanding it wae provided for in the general scheme. After some further discussion pro et con, the meetiog was adjourned till the nest ordinary meeting night. A report will be found io another column. Mr Andrew Rutherford's meeting on Monday night, at Geelong, was according io the Age a great success. Out of a body of nearly four hundred electors, only fifteen were found to vote against him, the remainder giving their votes in his favor. The policy earned out by Mr Berry and bis friends at last Saturday's meeting has been the means of clinching the determination of the electors of West Geelong to have none of him. He held a meeting on Monday night, when abont seventy persons were present. No interest seemed to be displayed, all the excitement being centred in his opponent's meetiog at ChilwelL A stiff insolvency is reported from Melbourne. Mr Ernest Bostock, .squatter, of Normanby, has filed his schedule. His liabilities are £35,870 15s 10d, and the assets have been set down at £34,122 10s. A party of gentlemen, among whom were Messrs S. Ramsden, Adams, Cain, and other prac tical men, paid a visit last week (says the Tele- graph) to the large slate quarry at Bullingarook, situated in the busb, about four miles from the Gisbome railway station. The quarry, which appears to be of almost unlimited extent, has been known for several years, but has only re cently been opened with a view to the develop ment of its contents. The experts on (he ground expressed themselves entirely satisfied with the .indications offered by the slate, which Is of a beautiful color, splits excellently, and possesses a very clear ring. The general opinion was that nothing bnt the necessary capital and enterprise was wanting to open a very valuable industry. A fresh epriog, one of the heads of the Saltwater River, exists at the base of the hill, and encircles it for some diet&ace.; Last night's Melbourne Herald contained the following: — w The failure of an extensive specu lator of this city was reported to-day. The liabilities are stated at £30,000. The assets arc not known. It is probable (remarks the Argus) that the de faulter Charles James Davies. wbo was arrested on board the Yorkshire on its arrival here a few weeks ago, will be sent back to England by the sailingship Anglesey, which is to leave Melbourne on Saturday next. The cricket match between New South Wales and Victoria h&s; been definitely fixed for the 24th, 25th, and 26th February, and the following twenty players (reports the Age ) have been se lecled by the intercolonial match committee to practice on the Melbourne ground on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, at half past four o'clock, commencing to-day. There is but little time between this and the commencement of tbe match, so it is to be hoped the men cbosen will attend regularly and punctually:— Allan, W. Campbell, D. Campbell, Conway, Oosstick, Cozeos, Egglestou. Figgis (Ballarat), Gaggin, Gibson, Gordon, HuddleBtone (Ballarat), Kelly, M'Gan, Loughotn, juo., J. Phillips, Riggall, Robertson, R. W. Wardfll, and Wills It will be observed that the name of tbe best bat the colony 4- w t A nan so avecut; IIUUI IUC IIOV. tiUIIUU ixl Uliaga has played bis last game, and will seon, we fear, follow the rest of his race to their happy hunting grounds. Under date 27th January, the Edenhope corre spondent of the Hamilton Spectator says: — " A yonng lady named Ellen Moirwas brought before the bench on Thursday last, charged with being illegally on the premises of a gentleman , some thirty miles from here. It appears that having conceived a violent affection for a young gentle man of the family, she had travelled from Ade laide, a great part of the way on foot, bnt only to find that her amour was not reciprocated; and refusing to leave the premises, she was charged with trespass. The worthy magistrate sitting on tbe case no doubt thought it a pity- to send her to gaol under the circumstances, discharged her with good advice, impressing upon her the neces sity of seeking a situation, and having ascertained that she had bat tittle money, paid her fare in the coach to Hamilton, to enable her to look for ser vice. Perhaps, poor thing, she is not to blame altogether." Although the mineral spring at Hepburn, about two aud a half miles from Daylesford, is tbe only one known to exist in this neighborhood by per sons outside the district, there are (says the Daylesford Mercury) et least three other spas near the borough, that are probably as valuable as the Hepburn spring. We have before us a bottle of water from the spring near Mr John Howe's old store, Wombat Flat, and judging by the taste, it w an agreeable beverage. It contains, like the Hepburn water, free and fixed carbonic acid, and is both a tonic and an aperient. Tbe presence of iron is evident from the water being discolored by vegetable matter containing tannic acid. Oo the banks of Kangaroo Creek, where it Tuns through the property of Mr Robert Campbell, there is also a mineral spring, so largely impreg nated with iron that a sort of reddish crust is left on the surface of the ground whence the water issues. There is a fourth mineral spring on the laud of Mr John Egan, Eganstown, four miles from Daylesford, on tbe road to Creswick. The existence of so many mineral springs in this district, the purity and coolness of the atmo sphere, and tbe beauty of the scenery around Daylesford, all point it out as a future favorite resort for invalids. " 18 B81u mjbi aituougn the Italian opera com pany will only play four nights a week, the Theatre Royal will be filled on the two off nights by the performance of English opera, as soon as the remainder of tbe company arrive in Mel bourne from California, and tbat Miss Lucy Chambers will make her appearance in English as well as Italian opera. Another neat thing in railway management is thus exposed by the Geelong Advertiser-.— The railway tariff, as far as the passenger fares on the Geelong and Ballarat Railway are concerned, would appear to require a revision. The fare from Lethbridge to Geelong is two shillings ana eightpence. From Geelong to Lethbridge it is three shillings. Perhaps the extra fourpence was pnt on for going up bilL The Auckland Herald contains the following paragraph; — " Sir George Grey has, we learn, in speaking out so strongly as he bas done against the conduct of the present illiberal Liberal Government at home, incurred no little amount of odinm, and is in bo favor with Lord Granville. So much so indeed that he has been advised not to apply for his pension foom the present Govern ment. Sir George win return to New Zealand very shortly to take up his residence -at tbe Kawau, Sir George has been making extensive purchases of works of art of various kinds, for the embelliehmentef his handsome mansion at the Kawau." 