ATHOLBANE. A ROMANCE OF KENMORE CASTLE. BY S. COBB, ESQ. CHAPTER X. PASSING AWAY. THE broad-shouldered Saxon endured the crushing, painful weight upon his back—a weight that almost stopped his breath—until he could endure no more, and then he strove to change his position by raising his body upon his hands and knees. At the first movement, how- ever, he felt a cold hand upon his neck, and with a frightful howl he threw himself upon his side, and stretched forth his arm. He had as lief be killed outright as to be smothered to death. "Griffeth!" "Eh! Is that you, master?" "Is this you, Griffeth?" "Yes." "And," added Thorwald, "this is I." "Has it gone?" asked the esquire, slowly rising to a sitting posture. "Was that your hand upon my neck?" The watchers soon satisfied themselves that they were together, and when they had removed the chairs that had been hurled upon them, they arose to their feet. All was dark as Erebus, however, and for some time they stood where they had risen without speaking. At length a vivid stream of lightning illumined the place, and for an instant they were enabled to see things very plainly about them. Nothing seemed out of the way, save that the chairs had been tipped over and their lamp extinguished. "Where does this wind come from?" queried the knight, as the darkness once more closed in upon them. Hardly had the words dropped from his lips, when a low, hollow groan sounded through the apartment, followed by a sharp clanking of chains, and in another instant the wind ceased —the air was still and close—and the voice of the tempest without alone broke upon their ears. "My soul!" gasped Griffeth, his knees shak- ing and his teeth chattering, "let us get away from here! If we make haste we may come out alive." "We can never find our way in such dark- ness," groaned Thorwald. "Our lantern is in the next room," pursued the esquire, "and I have a flint and steel in my pocket. If you wish to stay here, you must stay alone. I have had enough of it." And so had the Son of Eric had enough of it, as the audible quaking of his limbs plainly tes- tified. He did not claim that he was without fear, and he had no further remarks to make touching the timidity of his companion. An- other flush of lightning showed them the open doorway to the adjoining chamber, and Griffeth got through quickly enough to grasp the lantern before the gleam had died away. He found his flint and steel and tinder ; and after much trouble, caused by the trembling of his hands, as well as by the dense darkness, he managed to strike a light, and thus to ignite the lantern lamp. The basket, with two or three full bottles, had been left in the Blue Chamber ; and though both the adventurers, in their unnerved condition, felt sorely the need of the generous stimulus, yet neither of them cared to go back after it ; nor did either ask the other to go ; but as soon as the lantern had been prepared they made the best of their way from the tower, and stopped not until they had reached the knight's own apartment, where other full bottles were found. After lighting a lamp and taking generous draughts of wine, the two men sat down and looked each into the other's face. Thorwald was the first to speak, and the quivering of his voice showed that he had not wholly recovered from his fright. "Griffeth, I charge you that you never men- tion what we have this night seen and heard." "Must I never mention a word of it?" de- manded the esquire. The knight knew how prone such men were to relate the incidents of startling adventure, especially when they had themselves borne prominent part therein ; and feeling that it might be impossible for his follower to keep the entire thing a secret, he wisely changed the forms of the injunction. "You shall promise me this : If you mention the circumstance of your being in the Ghost's Tower, you will not call my name. You will never give even a hint that I have been there." "I promise that ; and may the ghost of the murdered monk come and carry me off if I break the faith," replied Griffeth, solemnly. Then, after a pause, he asked : "Good master, what do you think of it?" "What do you think of it?" returned Thor- wald. "I think I shall never dispute old Finlan again. I went to that old tower to see a ghost, and I think I saw one." "But," said the knight, tremulously, "did you hear it speak?" "Aye—that I did, my master. My life! what a horrible voice! It makes me cold like ice when I think of it!" "Are you sure you heard it distinctly?" "I heard it so distinctly that I never wish to hear the like again," answered the Saxon, em- phatically. "What did the words sound like to you?" "Deathly enough." "But I mean—what, to you, seemed their purport?" The esquire gazed into his master's face with a vacant look, as though he did not fully com- prehend. "I'm sure, Sir Thorwald," he finally said, a little reluctantly, "I can hardly pretend to solve the riddle. Still, if you would know my thought, I can give it." The knight nodded, and Griffeth went on : "If I had been in your place, and the hor- rible spectre had spoken to me as it did to you, I should have thought it meant to frighten me." "And prrhaps it would have succeeded." "I can't say as to that, my master ; but I can assure you that I shouldn't have thought of seeking another interview." "Very well, Griffeth. I think you heard aright ; but I would not have you think that I attach much importance to the ghostly words. They were the mere vaporings of an uneasy spirit. What have I to do with monks that were butchered before my Norman ancestors landed on those shores? Bah! That is the way ghosts make capital. Go to your bed, my man, and forget, if you can, that you ever heard a ghost speak. The esquire went to his bed ; and what he forgot, or what he remembered, matters not to us. No doubt the ghost of the bleeding brow haunted his dreams that night, and for many, nights succeeding. Thorwald went to his bed, also ; but not to forget. It was not so much what he had seen that troubled him as what he had heard. "Look to thyself, Son of Eric, and be sure there is a just God in Heaven!" What did it mean? He tried to convince himself that he might have misunderstood ; but his esquire had heard the same words. Then he sought to believe that some malevolent human agency had been employed to worry him ; but he could find no tenable proposition upon which to hang such a conclusion. He had no doubt that he had seen a real ghost ; and the only relief he could gain from his reason was, that the spirits of those old murdered monks thus sought to terrify and frighten away all who intruded upon their haunts. But why had they not appeared to Aldred of Lanark? Why was it that only the spirit of a beautiful woman appeared to him? Directly a jealous hatred of Aldred possessed him, and as this was a relief from the terror that had tortured him, he fell asleep, and so, for a season, forgot his troubles. When he woke the morning was well advanced, and the beams of the sun were just struggling through the clouds which were sweeping away to the eastward. When he met his mother, she was anxious to know if he had spent the night in the Ghost's Tower. He replied that he had stopped there as long as he had desired. At first he had thought that he would tell his mother nothing at all of what he had seen, but her next question called for a direct answer, and, after a little consideration, he concluded to tell her the whole story, omitting only the words of ill omen that had been spoken to him. "Did you see that woman?" the countess asked in a tone of hushed eagerness. "No, mother." "Did you see anything ?" And then Thorwald told his story, omitting nothing of what he had seen, but rather aiming to give as much terror to the narrative as pos- sible. "We waited," he concluded, "until this hor- rible presence had disappeared, which it did in a whirlwind of such power and fury, that the heavy furniture was fairly driven around the room. Believing that the ghost of the woman would not appear after that, I did not think it worth while to stop ; for, to tell you the truth, the prospect of a longer abode in that place was not pleasant." "But," queried Margaret, "how is it that Sir Aldred sleeps so quietly there night after night? It puzzles me. Can it be that these horrible spectres do not appear to him?" The son of Eric ground his heel into the floor and gnashed his teeth. "Don't mention that name to me," he cried. "There is some evil influence at work in all this, and the sooner the interloper is out of our way, the better. What called him here? Why did he seek Kenmore?" "If accident brought him here," said the countess, "it was a most untoward event, even though the life of my child was saved thereby. But," she added, as though she felt it necessary to qualify such an assertion somewhat, "I do not believe that any such event happened. Edwin would have gained the shore without any of this man's assistance." "That is my opinion," echoed Thorwald. " But now," pursued his mother, " Aldred of Lanark is here, and it is very evident that, if left to himself, he will remain for a long time. The earl seems to have fallen in love with him." "You've spoken the truth!" exclaimed the knight, with a fierce oath. "As surely as I am at this moment speaking with you, Atholbane loves Aldred of Lanark better than he does me. By the gods I do you think I shall submit? Shall I see the base-born intruder bear off the love of the earl, and the love of Clara Douglas at the same time? By the sacred rod of Woden, I'll put my foot down somewhere, and the das- tard had best beware that his head does not full beneath it." Thorwald had turned away, and was upon the point of departing, when his mother called him back. "My son," she said, " I know your hot tem- per and your spirit of reckless daring, but I also know that you have cause for deepest en- inity here. Be wise ; be cautious. Clara Douglas is not for Edwin. If Aldred of Lanark shall stand between my first-born and my fair niece, I will not hesitate to lend my aid to over- come the obstacle. So, Thorwald, fear not to trust me in all things. It may be better for you if you do." The knight thanked his mother, and assured her that she should have his confidence. "But," he added, "we will take no further steps until after the tournament. If Aldred comes forth from the list unscathed, we may have need of conference." "I hope he will not," exclaimed the countess, quickly and earnestly. "My son," she con- tinued, with an admonitary motion of the head, "I know that you are brave and strong, and well skilled in the use of arms, and I also know that Aldred of Lanark has not many superiors of his age. And now let me tell you one more thing that I know. Clara Douglas has been reared and educated to look upon brave and gallant men with something of reverence, and her feelings may be much influenced by the result you anticipate I know you will seek to break a lance with Aldred--" "Enough, mother ; I can think all you would say. I will meet the Knight of Lanark in the list, and Clara Douglas shall see him go down before me. I have said it ; wait you for the re- sult." When Thorwald descended to the court he sought Siward, the armorer, to whom he pro- posed that they should repair to the armory, and try a bout with the broadsword and the axe. "Hold a moment, Sir Thorwald," cried the armorer, after they had taken their positions with sword in hand. "You forget your left foot." "Never mind my feet, Siward. It is my sword you are to look out for." The weapons were crossed, and, in a very few moments, the knight was driven back against the wall. "You are over anxious, good master. What meant that out-of-the-way thrust at my throat?" "I was trying an experiment," replied Thor- wald, recovering himself. "Ay my soul, the experiment might have cost you dear. It was a dangerous one." The knight exhibited some slight signs of anger, but after a moment's pause he laughed, and promised not to make any more such ex- periments. They crossed their swords again, and this time Thorwald came off best. "It's of no use," said the armorer, alter the swords had been laid aside, and the axes tried. "You are stronger than I, and your skill is superior in every way. You must find some one nearer your equal if you would test your arm." Thorwald laid aside his axe, seemingly well pleased with the result of the trial, after which, he expressed a desire that Siward would take his armor and examine it in every part. He said he was soon to meet some of the best knights of the two kingdoms, and he wished to be prepared. He wanted every joint looked to, every rivet tested, and the whole put in the best possible condition. "Bah!" cried the armorer's boy, after Thor- wald had gone, "why did you let that man handle you so easily?" "That man may be master of Kenmore one of these days," replied Siward, with a signifi- cant nod. "And what do you care for that?" "Peace, boy. It doesn't cost much to give way to such a man. It makes him feel better and surely it makes me feel no worse. It is well for him, however," continued Siward, shaking his head as though half speaking with himself, "that he did not make a second attempt at my throat. If he had, I might have found it more difficult to control my arm. What in the world did he mean? It was a clear death-stroke, and never allowed at play." "At any rate," urged the boy, who had a great reverence for his master's skill at arms, "you don't think that Thorwald could over- come you in a fair bout." "I don't know, Bonney, how that might be." "Do you think he is as good as Sir Aldred?' "You ask too many questions, my lad." "And I wish you'd answer some of them. Now I think that Sir Aldred is the best man, and I know that you think so, too." "Wait until the tournament, Bonney, and then we shall see. And in the meantime you must keep yourself busy, for we shall have plenty to do. Behave yourself, and you shall have a chance to see all that is to be seen when the bold knights enter the list." That evening, after the shadows had gathered thickly in, a servant came to the earl, and in- formed him that Edwin wished to see him. He found his son in his chamber, and in bed. "Be not alarmed, dear father. I am not very sick. But I feel weak, and my breath comes hard. Perhaps I had better see the physician." Without stopping to make further inquiry, the earl sent for the physician, and then took a seat by the bedside. "Dear boy," he said, taking his child's thin hand, "you must not be sick now. In a few days the tournament comes off, and—" "I shall be there to see," cried Edwin, with animation. "It is only a faintness for a short season. "Some of good old Malbert's cordial will quickly revive me." In a little while Malbert came, and when he saw the sufferer his countenance fell. He was an old man, of at least three-score years and ten, and had been the physician of Kenmore since the earl's childhood. "Good Malbert," pleaded the boy, "please tell my father that I am not very sick. You can make mo well enough to see the tournament." The physician said he would do the best he could, and after this he sat down and took the invalid's hand in his own. By and by he ad- ministered a gentle cordial, after which the patient breathed more freely, and both he and the earl sat there until the boy fell asleep. "He will got over this," said Malbert, after they had left the patient in charge of the nurse "But," urged Atholbane, "I wish you to tell me truly—can he fully recover?" The physician shook his head. "Keep nothing from me, Malbert. I would know the worst." "It is best you should, my lord. Therefore I tell you, it is my judgment your son has not many weeks to live. The tide of his life is run- ning very low. There is no particular point to which remedy can be applied, for the whole wondrous machinery of the body is worn out worn out before its time. Be kind to him, my lord, for he will not tax your love much longer." Silently the earl turned to his own chamber, where he sat down and wept. Not alone be- cause his boy was dying did he weep, but be- cause his heart was lonely and sad from other blighting touches. "Dark! dark! dark!" he groaned. "Life's flowers wither and fade in their early blossom. No bud of promise has ever put forth its full bloom for me!" On the following morning Edwin was better, and with Clara he walked out upon the parapet. The earl saw him, and saw that he had to lean heavily upon his cousin's arm for support. The steps were weak and tottering, and the thin, pale face had grown thinner and paler. CHAPTER XI. THE KING. WHEN Earl Douglas and Aldred returned from Scone, the king came with them, and in his train came many brave knights and fair ladies. Atholbane, who had been duly informed by a special courier, rode out with a goodly array of men-at- arms to meet his sovereign, and to conduct him to his castle. It was a grand sight, as the noble cavalcade filed over the draw bridge, and Edwin, who stood upon the parapet, felt his heart bound with new strength. Edgar, King of Scotland, was in the early bloom of manhood—not more than five- and- thirty—of commanding presence, and possessing a face of more than ordinary beauty. He was bold and frank, and having been educated at the court of William the Conqueror, he had gained graces of deportment and conversation that dis- tinguished him above the majority of the Scot- tish chiefs. Between him and Atholbane there had existed a warm, enduring love, for it will be remembered that Maud of Perth, the earl's first wife, was a sister of the king, and during Edgar's boyhood—for he was but a mere child when his sister became Countess of Kenmore—the castle had been like a home to him. But the troubles came which culminated in the death of Malcolm Canmpre, and the sons of that ill-fated monarch were forced to flee from Scotland. When Edgar returned to assume the crown, after the deposi- tion and imprisonment of Donald Bane, he found his sister gone, and a now countess in her place ; and as he did not conceive a warm liking for Lady Margaret, he seldom visited the castle. In time, however, when he came to understand how deeply Atholbane mourned the loss of the pure-minded, beautiful Maud, and how his heart was buried with his first and only true love, his brotherly affection warmed again into life, and though he could no longer make Ken- more the home that it had been in other years, still he loved to sit apart with the lord thereof, and talk of the bygone times. After supper the king sat by himself, and watched the movements and expressions of those about him, and there were two who seemed chiefly to claim his attention. He gazed upon the beautiful face of Clara Douglas, and then he turned towards Aldred of Lanark, and as he gazed, his face gave token of deep and grave re- flection, and more than once he shook his head slowly from side to side, as though he found difficulty in balancing his thoughts—as though some problem had presented itself which he could not readily solve. Late in the evening, when the air was soft and balmy, and when the stars looked down with a peaceful radiance, Edgar and Atholbane walked out upon the parapet towards the western tower. They had talked of the times that were gone—of Maud, of her gentleness and grace, of her truth and her love, and of her unhappy fate, until their spirits were weighed down with sad- ness, when the king changed the theme. "Atholbane," he said, breaking a silence that had extended to some minutes, "I have taken a strange liking towards the young Knight of Lanark, and if I have not read the signs greatly amiss your own heart holds him warmly." "You are right, sire," returned the earl, with palpable emotion. "There is something noble in the youth, and I love him as I would love a brother." "He was brought up under the eye of our cousin Douglas?" "Yes, sire." "And if I mistake not, he is the son of the old forester of Lanark." "You are right." The king moved on a few paces in silence, and then said : "I think Douglas had good cause for wishing the knight away from his castle." "I have made no inquiries in that direction," answered the earl, evasively. "I think," pursued Edgar, seeming not to notice his companion's reticence, "that Aldred must have been in the way of the successful accomplishment of some cherished plan, and it is not impossible that he may be as much in the way here as he was at Lanark." "Sire, I do not understand you." "Ah, Atholbane, you understand me very well." The earl's troubled silence showed that he could not dispute it, "But," continued Edgar, "borrow no trouble on that score. Should the time come when you deem that Aldred had best be away from here, just let me know, and I will send for him to come to my court. I should consider myself the gainer thereby." "And I should be the loser," responded the earl. "Be sure I shall keep him as long as I can." "But, my brother—" "Hush, sire. Say no more. When I think of the subject to which I know you have refer- ence, I am in sore distress, and I put it from me if I can. If Edwin lives, all will be well." "How so?" asked the king. "Clara will continue to love him." "To love him!" repeated Edgar. "Aye—she loves him now." The monarch gazed into his companion's face a moment, and though, by the dim starlight, he could not observe the lineaments distinctly, yet he saw enough to assure him that Atholbane was in earnest. "Sire," spoke the earl, noting Edgar's man- ner, "have you thought that Clara Douglas did not love my son?" "Have you ever thought that she might love Aldred of Lanark?" demanded the king, quietly. "I have thought it very natural that she should," replied Atholbane, honestly. "And how can a heart like hers be divided?" queried the king. "Perhaps," suggested the earl, "she may give Aldred a brother's place." "Upon my life, Atholbane, you possess a wonderful power of perception. I have no doubt that the fair lady, who has no brother of her own, has the place in her heart of which you speak, filled by another. It is well, and here we will let the matter drop." They had turned to retrace their steps when the king, upon casting his eye upwards, re- marked : "This is the haunted tower?" "It is so called, sire." "Strange things are seen here." "It is so said." "I have taken a curious fancy into my head, brother." "Ah?" "I am going to spend the night with Aldred." "But, sire, your apartments are all prepared, and—" "And what, good Atholbane?" "It will be thought very strange, sir." "No one, save you and Aldred, need to think anything about it. I will retire to the apart- ment you have set apart for me, and when all is quiet Alfred will come for me. He has told me some of the wonders of the Blue Chamber, and I have conceived an irresistible desire to see them for myself. I remember very well how many hours I spent there when I was a boy, and how happy I was when my sister's sweet face was turned upon me. Blessed Maud! God rest her soul!" "Amen!" responded the earl, with deepest reverence. "I must watch in that chamber to-night Atholbane." "Do as you will, sire. I have watched, but I saw not what Aldred has seen." The earl spoke regretfully, but presently he added, with marked energy : "Perhaps you may see what did not appear to me. Aldred, who never knew Lady Maud, may be mistaken. Edgar, I cannot tell you what I have suffered—how this marvel works upon me—how it bears down my heart by day and by night—how it breaks my rest—how it embitters every cup. O, if you can solve the mystery, I shall bless the hour that led you to the Blue Chamber." "Rest if you can brother, and leave me to the result of my watching. I was but a boy when Maud died—only ten years old—but every lineament of her angelic face is as fresh in my memory as though but a day had passed since the blessed impress was made.--Ah, here come some of our friends. Douglas and Northumberland are in advance, and if I mis- take not, Sir Walter of Haddington and our doughty cousin of Stirling bear them company." In the meantime Aldred of Lanark, who un- derstood the plans of the king for the night, had gone to the tower to make preparation. The first object that attracted his attention upon entering the Blue Chamber was a basket containing bottles. He next observed that the furniture had been strangely disarranged. A nod of the head, a slight compression of the lips, and a quiet smile, signified that our hero suspected the truth. He examined the bottles, and a conclusion was arrived at without further debate. That wine belonged to none of the servants. "I am not disappointed," soliloquized the knight, as he proceeded to put the chairs in their places. "I supposed Thorwald would embrace the first opportunity to test the truth of what he heard me say in the picture gallery, and I am sure he has been here, and if I can judge by what I see, I should say that his expe- rience was not a pleasant one." When Aldred had brought things to order, and had time for serious reflection, he found himself in trouble. The king was coming to spend the night with him, in hope of seeing the bright spirit of the beautiful woman, but would he be likely to see it? Thus far the lovely pre- sence had appeared only to himself, evn the earl having been disappointed. Still, let the re- sult be what it might, Edgar could not blame him, only he sincerely hoped that there might be no such demonstration as had evidently been made for the entertainment of Thorwald. And again the knight of Lanark was lost in a maze of wonder. If it was the spirit of Lady Maud that had appeared to him, what could such a sweet existence have had in common with those old monks of another age? Why did the woman come to him, while the monk-robed spectres appeared to others? Surely it was a mystery, and he prayed God that in the end he might solve it. Night wore on, and when the household had retired, Aldred repaired to the king's apartment, and informed him that he was ready to conduct him to the Ghost's Tower. "It lacks not more than an hour of midnight, sire, and by the time we get settled down in the Blue Chamber—" "The ghost will be ready for us, eh?" broke in the king, with a light laugh. But the laugh did not betray any lightness of feeling. It was rather an effort to overcome mighty feelings which he did not care to reveal. "I cannot say as to that," returned Aldred, with a shake of the head. "I tell you plainly, sire, that I have my doubts about the appear- ance of the pale woman to-night. Remember, I have not urged you to go, and remember further, that I did not willingly tell you the story of what I had seen. Your own questions drew the confession from me." "Borrow no trouble, good Aldred. I take the risk upon my own shoulders. If what you have told me be true—I mean, if your impres- sions be not the result of mistake—then you have seen the spirit of my dead sister, and I will make the attempt to see the same, even though a legion of dark-robed spectres come to greet me. So, my fair sir lead the way as quickly and directly as you please, and leave me to shoulder the result." Without further remark Aldred took up the lantern which he had brought with him, and passed out into the corridor. They had some distance to traverse, but they reached the western tower without meeting any one, and when they entered the large bed-chamber, the guide lighted the lamp and put away the lantern. "This is your bed, sire, if you please to occupy it." "I shall not occupy it at present, Aldred. Let us go on to the Blue Chamber." Our hero took up the lamp and led the way. "Ah," continued the king, "how natural everything looks, and how freshly the old scenes come back to my memory. Here is the chair which my sister used to occupy ; and here I used to sit at her feet ; and here Atholbane was wont to recline and gaze fondly and lovingly into the face of his beautiful wife. It seems but yesterday that—" "What is it, sire ? Why do you stop?" "Did you not interrupt me?" asked the king. "No." "I heard something." "So did I, sire." "Are our ghostly visitants already upon us?" "I cannot say. The most we can do is to sit and watch." "Then lot us do so." "I would suggest, sire, that we remove the lamp to the other room." "Are the ghosts afraid of light?" "I have found it so." "Very well. Do as you think proper." Aldred carried the lamp into the bed-cham- ber, and when he returned he took a seat near the shrine. "It must be near midnight," said Edgar. He spoke very softly, and gazed into the dim distance with an anxious look. "It cannot be far from the hour," returned Aldred. He would have spoken farther, but a sudden movement on the part of the king arrested him, and upon looking towards the far corner of the apartment he beheld a human form clearly re- vealed against the dark tapestry. Gradually a pale, cold glare surrounded the presence, and the long silvery beard and dark robe of a monk were visible. A few moments the spectre stood there, and then it disappeared as noiselessly as it had come, and the pale glare died away. "Aldred, what is that?" There was a percep- tible tremulousness in the king's voice, and his hand quivered as he rested it upon his compan- ion's arm. "I can only tell you, sire, that I have seen the same presence twice before. It is the same too, that appeared to the earl." Edgar was deeply moved ; but he was not afraid ; and yet, had he been alone, he might have concluded that he had seen enough of the Ghost's Tower, for one night, at least. But Aldred was calm and composed, and this gave him confidence ; and he resolved that he would keep the watch awhile longer. Half an hour passed, during which they held a conversation upon the subject naturally sug- gested by the occasion, and at the end of that time Aldred nodded in his chair. The king, finding his companion inclined to doze, leaned his head against a projection of the altar, and suffered his lids to droop ; but presently he be- came aware that a change had taken place, and he opened his eyes and raised his head, and as he did so he noticed that Aldred was also awake. It was not the pale, cold glare which had en- veloped the monkish spectre. A soft, warm glow pervaded the far corner of the room ; and, as clearly defined as though it had been a body of flesh, standing out from the sombre tapestry, appeared the form of a woman. It was an angelic figure, robed in pure and spotless white, with the hands folded upon its breast, and the head slightly bent. The face, pale and beauti- ful, wore a prayerful look ; the eyes, large and soft, seemed melting into tears ; and the exqui- sitely moulded lips were half opened, as though the tongue were ready for speech. The king grasped his companion's arm, and when he could contain himself no longer, he spoke ; and as he spoke he started to his feet and stretched forth his hands. "Maud! My sister! Maud! Maud!" He had reached the centre of the room, and there he stopped ; for the soft halo had faded away, and the beautiful presence had disap- peared. It had made no sound, but had gone as though melting into thin air. * * * * * * * "Aldred, it was my sister! My God! What can it mean?" The king sank into a chair, and gazed upon his companion with a troubled look. Our hero could only shake his head in reply. "There must be some cause for this," pur- sued Edgar. "The spirit of my sister is not at rest. I have thought that the burial of her body so far away from the scenes of her early joys might have given her this unrest ; but that cannot be. If such were the case she would have made it known ere this. There may be danger to some one whom she loves. Can there be danger to the earl? What think you, Aldred?" Aldred dared not answer. He thought of the attack of the Inverness marauders ; he thought of the mysterious death of the prisoner in the dungeon ; he thought of dark looks which he had seen upon the brow of the Son of Eric, and he shrank from giving form to suspicions even in his own mind. Perhaps the king, also, had thoughts which he did not speak. At all events, he was willing to seek his pillow without asking further ques- tions, and yet his face showed that his mind was deeply occupied. CHAPTER XII. THE TOURNAMENT. THE evening of the sixth of July was calm and pleasant, and the moon, almost at its full, shed a soft, gentle light over a busy scene. Within the walls of Kenmore all was bustle and activity. Some fifty gallant knights had arrived, and stout men at arms without number. And fair ladies and gentle dames graced the hall, and made glad the hearts of aspiring gallants. The song, the jest, and the story, mingled with peals of merry laughter, awoke the air within the keep, while answering notes came from the court of joy and mirth. Great butts of beer and mead had been rolled out and set aflow, and the retainers of Kenmore gave grand speci- mens of their hospitality. Outside the walls, upon the green surface of the broad park, were pitched many tents, and from far and near had gathered the people to behold the morrow's sports. Grooms were busy looking to the horses of their masters; and the hammers of the armorers were heard far into the night. The night passed, and the morning broke fair and lovely. A gentle breeze came down from the mountains, bringing upon its bosom coolness gathered on its way from the lakes, and the few light clouds that hung around the summit of Ben Lawers gave token, according to Finlan's declaration, that the day would not be over- warm. At ah early hour the grooms had the horses out for exercise, and the esquires were overhauling their masters' armor. "Good Aldred, who acts as your esquire to- day?" asked Edwin. The lad was feeling better than he had felt before for some days, and was really looking quite fresh ; though a close ob- server might have suspected that the excitement of the occasion lent the color to his face. "I have no esquire," replied our hero, with a smile. "I am my own esquire, my own ar- morer, and my own groom ; and thus I know when all is in readiness. When I come to put on my armor, I can avouch for each particular piece, and swear to the virtue of every hinge and rivet. As for my horse, he knows my every wish. By caring for him myself, I really make him so far a part of myself that he actually seems to feel what I feel when the trial comes." "Good!" cried the boy. "That is the spirit that wins the day. How many other knights can say the same?" "There are some of them," replied Aldred. "I saw Earl Douglas caring for his own armor ; though he has little to do with his horse ; and there I fear he is at fault. He will ride a res- tive, fierce-spirited beast to-day, and if harm comes to him it will be from that source. But he is an expert horseman, and Northumberland had best look out for him." "Yet," pursued Edwin, " you must have some one to attend upon you in the list. I wish I was strong enough." "I am well provided for in that respect," said the knight. "The earl has set Siward apart to that service." "Then you have the best esquire in Christen- dom," cried the boy, enthusiastically ; "and Siward is to serve the best knight." "Hush, Edwin. You know not what you say." "Upon my life I speak the truth, Aldred. There is not a better esquire in the realm than is my father's armorer." "You trifle, brother. I spoke not of Si- ward." "Oho—you like not that I should praise the knight, eh? Very well, I'll reserve further re- mark on that score until evening. Ah—here comes Siward now." About an hour after breakfast a grand flourish of trumpets startled the waiting throng, and presently the knights begun to appear and select their horses. The list had been prepared upon a capital site. A low, level piece of firm bottomed meadow, from two sides of which the ground arose in gentle slopes, so that thousands might have easily and comfortably viewed the scene. Upon one side of the list, just at the edge of the enclosure, a broad dais had been erected, whereon were seated the distinguished guests. Atholbane, who felt not in the mood for the joust, was to act as master of cere- monies, and the king had consented to act as judge and umpire, to settle all disputes and make all decisions. Clara Douglas in vain sought to escape the performance of the duty which had been assigned to her. Atholbane and the king had selected her, and would listen to no refusal. She was queen of the occasion, and was to bestow the prizes upon the vic- torious knights. Early in the day the archers had the field, and many a rare shot was made ; and a stout son of Donald bore off the prize. As the cavalcade, headed by the heralds, entered the list, the archers withdrew, and, ere long, proclamation was made that the contend- ing knights might show themselves. A full score of iron-clad warriors arranged themselves before the dais, to whom Atholbane made known the rules that were to govern th jousts. After this, the king arose and addressed them : "For any injury that may this day happen to life or limb," he said, "no man shall be held to account, providing it be done in fair and manly fight. But I charge you against undue passion. Let no animosity make you blind. Let no heat of madness lead you to strike an opponent when he is defenceless, either from the loss of his weapons, or from being down upon his knees or back. Yet if a man, even upon his back, shall use vile and insulting language, he may be chastised." The first joust was between a stout knight of Scone, attached to the king's household, and a Norman follower of the Earl of Northumber- land. The Scot was a gallant knight, and most of those who witnessed the sport were upon his side, but the Norman was a better horseman, and handled the lance with the most skill. At the first bout the Norman shivered his lance handsomely, at the same time turning away the lance of his opponent so that it was not even cracked. At the second bout the Scot was un- horsed, and hurled upon the ground with such force, that he was no more fit for the saddle. Even the hardy Highlanders joined in the voice of praise to the Norman knight, for he had gal- lantly won the prize. "You must look to your laurels, sire," said Gomar, the stout Earl of Northumberland, who was seated near to the king. Edgar was slightly chafed, but he tried not to show it. "We will show you rare sport, by and bye, good cousin." "But call you not that rare sport, sire?" "Yes, verily ; but I look for heavier work when you and Douglas take the field. By my faith, Gomar, you had best look to yourself." "Lot the best knights win," said Gomar, with a nod. "So be it!" responded the king. While fresh knights were preparing, the spectators were entertained with a wrestling match. The next joust was between two Scotch knights, who bore themselves right gallantly, and, after breaking three lances each, retired from the list as good friends as when they entered. By and bye, Atholbane arose in his place, and after a loud flourish of trumpets, announced that Gomar of Northumberland, with four fol- lowers, gave challence to any five knights who dared touch their lances. This was the event that had been anxiously looked for, and a thousand hearts throbbed with eager expectation. This was to be the grand joust of the occasion, and those who were fond of seeing heavy blows had no fear of being dis- appointed. For a little time there were notes of busy preparation, and anon the heralds at the end of the list which was upon the king's left hand, blew a heavy blast, and forth rode the stout Earl of Northumberland to the centre of the enclosure, where he plunged his lance into the ground, leaving the shaft standing up- right, and then drew back a few paces. A right gallant and stalwart knight was Sir Gomar, and the Englishmen were proud of him. Directly the heralds at the other end of the list blew a loud blast, and forth rode Earl Douglas, his beautiful horse proudly prancing, and defiantly snuffing the air. Straight to the centre of the enclosure, and with a graceful sweep of his lance, Douglas touched the up- right shaft of Northumberland. Then, when Gomar had taken his weapon, the two earls rode back to their respective places. Another flourish of trumpets on Gomar's side, and Thorwald advanced to the line, and set up his lance. He was a doughty looking knight, and bore himself proudly erect. His vizor was up, and his dark eyes flashed as he gave his challenge. He chose to fight under Gomar's banner because by birth he was Eng- lish, and he was proud of his Norman blood ; and furthermore, he sought an opponent that was sure to appear on the other side. Aldred of Lanark, from motives of delicacy, would have chosen to answer the summons of another knight, but Douglas had set him second on the list, and he could not refuse ; so, when the Scottish heralds blew their blast, he rode forth, and touched the lance which Thorwald had set up. His horse advanced at a gentle trot, in a quiet and subdued manner, and some there were who fancied that the animal lacked spirit ; but others could have told them that the well- trained, wary boast was reserving his strength for the time of need. And the rider himself exhibited none of that pride and state- lines which had been exhibited by the Son of Eric. He performed the movement with easy grace, and when he returned to the paling, his horse came to a moderate walk. Next, from the English side, came John of Alnwick, a Saxon knight of much renown, and to answer his challenge appeared Kilburn of Kilburn, a brave and gallant knight, attached to the household of Edgar. Next Gomar sent forth a stout Norman, Or- boo, Count of Bayeux, and to touch his lance, Douglas had appointed Walter of Haddington. The fifth knight who responded to the call of the English heralds was Covil of St. Albans, and forth from Douglas' side rode the true and trusty knight, Fitz Henry of Stirling. After this the ten knights were called to the dais, where Atholbane read to them the rules for the joust. First, they declared that they held no animosity, and that they had no wish to take undue advantage. Second, they were to observe the rules which had already been given for the government of the previous jousts. They were to ride four tilts, and then, such as were unhorsed might discard the lance, and fight on foot with the sword or axe ; but no knight in the saddle could ride at a knight who was on foot. The joust was to continue so long as there was a single knight who could find a just opponent. Should all the knights be down on one side, and two left standing on the other, these latter might decide between them- selves by the sword, by casting lots, or they might leave the decision to the king. When all had been thus arranged, the knights took their places at their respective starting points, and shortly afterwards the king's herald sounded the charge. Forth sprang the horses with a rush like the sweeping of mighty winds, and in the centre of the enclosure they met. The shock was terrific, and, for a few moments, it was impossible to tell who was up and who was down. First to shoot away from the mass of confusion, with his lance shivered to atoms, was Aldred of Lanark. He sat in his seat as firmly as ever, and his horse' quickly came to a gentle trot, as though no- thing unusual had happened. "Was I not right?" cried Edwin. He looked up into the face of his fair cousin as he spoke "I am glad for your sake." Clara Douglas cast a quick glance towards her companion, and when she saw how earnest he was, and when she remembered where his sympathies lay, she sought not to hide her real feelings, and the gratitude of her heart shone in her beaming eyes, and upon her flushed cheeks. Presently afterwards, she saw her father ride forth and join Aldred, but his horse was not under good control. "Ha—see!" uttered Edwin. "There goes Thorwald. His shield is broken in, and his lance shows no signs of having hit anything. My soul! it must have been a heavy blow that Aldred gave him." Aye—and so it had been ; and, but for the accident of his bounding against the shoulder of John of Alnwick, and thus being thrown back to his place, he would have been un- horsed. Gomar and Douglas had each broken a lance, and so had the knights of Alnwiok and Kil- burn. The doughty Count of Bayeux had been unhorsed by Walter of Haddington, and Covil of St. Albans had come very near suffering the same disaster at the hands of the Knight of Stirling. "My lord," said Aldred, as Douglas rode to his side near the paling, "I would advise you to take another horse." "No, no, Aldred. This beast is powerful and willing." "But a little too excitable," suggested our hero. "Gomar rides a better, and thus has great advantage." But Douglas believed that his horse would calm down, so he determined to keep him for the next tilt ; for the beast possessed powers of endurance not to be excelled. As no one had been unhorsed upon Douglas' side the Count of Bayeux was allowed to take a fresh horse ; and as soon as fresh lances had been given out in place of those that had been broken, the herald sounded the second charge. As before, Aldred of Lanark was the first to emerge from the scene of the shock, his shat- tered lance showing that he had made a grand stroke, while his steady mien gave token that he had not been even shaken in his sent. "He owes that to his horse," remarked a Norman courtier, who sat near to the king. "Owes what to his horse?" demanded Edwin of Kenmore. "The case with which he passed that heavy meeting," replied the Norman. "And who, think you, trained the noble beast?" retorted Edwin, quite warmly. "By my faith, I think a true knight may in a mea- sure be known by the manner in which he looks to his preparations. Sir Aldred cares for his own horse ; and the animal, in all that pertains to such feats as these, is really a part of him- self. The same master-mind gives direction to both lance and steed. But wait till they come to the sword and axe. By Saint Michael! I doubt if Northumberland has a follower that can match him." At this moment the lad's attention was ar- rested by a quick cry from Clara, and upon looking towards the centre of the arena he saw that Douglas had been unhorsed. "All is right," announced the king, who had heard the maiden's exclamation. "Your father is not hurt. His horse reared and throw him. 'Twas not the lance of Northumberland." But Douglas was not the only one who had met with mishap. The Count of Bayeux had gone down a second time beneath the heavy assault of Haddington ; Covil of St. Albans had been fairly lifted out of his seat by the gallant Fits Henry of Stirling ; while the Saxon Knight of Alnwick had succeeded in unhorsing Kilburn. Thorwald came forth, sitting firmly enough in his seat, but his lance had as yet sustained no injury. Not a stroke had he made with it ; as, at each tilt, Aldred had turned it adroitly aside upon the smooth surface of his buckler. As there were two knights now afoot upon each side, it was decided that they should stand back and let the other six ride the third tilt. In place of Earl Douglas came Walter of Hadding- ton to oppose Gomar, while Fitz Henry of Ster- ling, who had disposed of St. Albans, took Kil- burn's place against John of Alnwick. As the tillers took their places, after having obtained fresh lances, Gomar said to Thorwald : "Look ye, Sir Thorwald, knew that both the king and Douglas look upon Aldred of Lanark as their champion ; and if I am not much mis- taken, Atholbane gives him his sympathy. Can you not ride him down?" Thorwald declared that he would do it. "And," pursued Gomar, as though he would give one last spur, "it may be that the Lady Clara would like very well to bestow the prize upon her father's protégé." It might have been better for the son of Eric if Gomar had not spoken those last words ; for the trumpet sounded just as they were concluded, and Thorwald dashed to the charge with a fierce oath upon his lips, and with such a vengeful clutch upon the shaft of his lance that half his control over the weapon was gone. He aimed to strike his adversary in the throat ; but his point was turned aside, and in a moment more he was rolling in the dust, both he and his horse. It was a heavy onset, as the list of the fallen gave ample proof. Walter of Haddington had gone down before Gomar ; while Alnwick and Stirling, who had met front to front, both went down, from the force of the shock. In short, the Earl of Northumberland and the Knight of Lanark were the only ones who remained in their saddles. "Sir Aldred," cried Gomar, "if it pleases you, we will ride the fourth tilt." At this moment Thorwald came up, and claimed the privilege of a fresh horse. He would ride against the Knight of Lanark. "Nay," said the king, who had overheard the conversation, "that cannot be. Thorwald has not yet broken a lance. Let him wait for the sword. If, however, it pleaseth our good cousin of Northumberland to ride the fourth tilt, the list is still open for him and the Knight of Lanark." "So let it be," answered Gomar. And as the two knights turned towards their places, Thorwald moved away with bitter words upon his lips. The trumpet sounded again, and the horses bounded forward, but not with equal speed. When near the centre of the list the horse of Northumberland stopped and staggered, while Aldred, with a movement that called forth more applause than had greeted any other event of the day, caused his own horse to roar straight up into the air, then whirl to the right- about, as though upon a pivot, and then, lightly replacing his fore-foot upon the ground, to trot quietly back to the point from which he had started. Gomar's horse had fallen, from exhaustion, and the muster, with the spirit of a true and loyal knight, announced that he would ride no more. Aldred of Lanark still sat firmly in his seat ; and when he knew that Northumberland had left him master of the field, he raised his vizor and acknowledged, by a graceful bow, the voci- ferous greetings that were bestowed upon him from every hand. But not yet had the prize been won. Swords were to come next, and who should select the victor? No accident of horsemanship could give advantage or disadvantage here. Cool heads, quick eyes, stout hearts and strong arms were the requisites. Thorwald had selected a sword which he did not believe could fail him, and he swore that he would have revenge. He was all confidence now, for he fully believed that Aldred of Lanark lacked the strength of arm to contend with him. And Clara Douglas, when she saw the lower- ing brow and evil-lighted eye of the Son of Eric, and knew that he was to strike at Aldred, trembled with fearful apprehension. But Ed- win whispered into her ear words of hope and promise. His faith in the Knight of Lanark was firm and abiding. CHAPTER XIII. THE VICTOR. THE contest now to take place was to be a general mélée, and all blows were to be fair save those given to a man upon his knees, or to a man disarmed. The swords were heavy, with blunted points ; the bucklers small and round ; and each knight was armed with a short dagger with which it was his privilege to demand sur- render of a vanquished opponent. At first the two parties were to oppose each other as be- fore ; but in case all upon one side should be down, and two, or more, remaining in arms upon the other, the latter might fight it out between themselves if they chose. "But where are our axes?" demanded Thor- wald, after he had heard the rules laid down. "The king and Atholbane have barred them out," answered Gomar. "And why is that? By my life, that is an insult to knighthood!" "Nay, nay, Thorwald," said Northumber- land, who was too brave a knight to allow de- feat to unman him, however much he might chafe within. "Our swords are heavy enough ; and if we have the work I look for, there will be no luck of opportunity for the expenditure of strength." "But," urged the Son of Eric, "the plan was made in the first place that swords and axes were both to be used. Who has the authority to bar them out?" "The master of ceremonies has, most as- suredly," replied the English earl. "Not without cause." "Perhaps he had cause sufficient." "What cause could he have had?" "He may have feared hot blood," answered Gomar. "The axe is a dangerous thing in the hands of a strong man who is mad with pas- sion." "Pshaw! Atholbane is over-nice." "Easy, good Thorwald. Douglas and my- self were both consulted, and we agreed with Atholbane and the king in that decision. So look to your sword, and see that you handle it becomingly. You will be pitted against the young Knight of Lanark at the start, and if he handles his sword as he handles his horse and lance, you will have work enough before you without thinking of your axe." Thorwald was not at all pleased with this speech, and he turned abruptly away to hide his ill-feeling, for he cared not to call down censure from the powerful noble. And he had another reason for turning away so abruptly. He went directly to his tent, where he found his esquire engaged in rounding the dents out from his buckler. "Griffeth, I'll have my other sword." "How, my master?" "The sword which I directed you to bring." "But," said the esquire, in surprise, "that has a sharp point." "Give yourself no trouble on that account. In all other respects it resembles this blunt pointed weapon. By Saint Michael! I shall take it!" The knight reflected a moment, and then con- tinued, in a lower tone : "The scabbards of both swords are alike. I take this off for the purpose of arranging my cuisses. When I am ready to buckle it on again you hand me the other by mistake. Can you remember that in case I am called to ac- count?" "I can remember, my master." "Then all is right. By heaven! Griffeth, I have cause for this!" The esquire, who know his master's temper, asked no questions, but proceeded to bring forth the sharp-pointed sword. In time the knights were ready ; and, at- tended by their esquires, they took their places near the centre of the arena. The note of battle was sounded by the heralds, and on the next instant the sharp clang of clashing steel broke the vibrating air. "By my life!" cried the king, "our stout Earl of Northumberland has found his match. Douglas is firm as a rock. I count him the best swordsman in my realm." "Not the best," said Edwin of Kenmore. "There stands another by his side as good." "Ha! see that!" broke forth Edgar, who had not noticed the words of the boy. "North- umberland's point is stricken down." "But he regains it, sire," said a Norman gentleman who sat near. "Aye," cried the king, in ecstacy ; "and he loses it again, too. By my crown, but that was a noble stroke! See—Gomar falls back. Douglas' point is at his throat. It is fixed be- neath the seam of the garget. Surrender—sur- render, Northumberland!" "Not yet, sire," shouted the Norman. "Go- mar has freed himself, and now plays more warily. I look to see your proud earl over- come." But the Norman's prophecy was not fulfilled. The battle waxed hotter and hotter, and finally Gomar's buckler was beat down, and his sword wrested from his grasp. "Surrender!" cried Douglas. It was a bitter moment for the English earl, but he curbed his passion, and acknowledged that he had been fairly overcome. Gomar, as was the rule, withdrew from the scene, while Douglas, moving to a place near the dais, held himself in readiness to give help to any of his followers who might need it, such being his right. Walter of Haddington, who had wielded the lance so ably, found the Count of Bayeux too much for him with the sword. The Norman knight was far the more skilful of the two, and ere long Haddington was conquered. But the gallant Orbec was not to bear off the honor so cheaply, for Douglas, who liked not to see his brother of Haddington thus dismissed, advanced from his place of rest, and touched the count's buckler with his sword. At the end of the line Covil of St. Albans was pushing Fitz Henry of Stirling right gallantly, and those who watched the battle saw that the Scot must soon be vanquished. But there was another point which had be- come the chief centre of interest to the assem- bled multitude. For a time Thorwald had played with extreme care, using his buckler with great dexterity, and seeming to think but little of those cutting strokes which might loosen the plates of his opponent's armor. Twice had he lunged with all his might at Aldred's throat be- fore the latter discovered that the point of his adversary's sword was sharp. "Thorwald, how is this?" he demanded. "How is what?" "Look at the point of your sword." "A mistake of my esquire's. Are you afraid of it?" "By heavens, no!" answered Aldred of Lan- ark, and from that moment his arm was gifted with twofold strength, and the keenness of his vision was trebly intensified. He knew that the craven meant him fatal harm, and he re- solved that that hour should tell which was the best knight. In the temper of his sword he had the utmost confidence, having subjected it to tests more trying than any that could come from the cutting of common armor, and he bent himself to the work with a will and determina- tion born of calm and deliberate purpose. Gradually other combatants were overlooked, and every eye was turned upon the Knight of Lanark. His buckler met the sword of his antagonist at every point, while the edge of his own weapon, flashing like lightning, came surely down upon its mark. Thorwald struggled in vain. Not alone was it his passion that placed him at disadvantage for in every respect he had met his superior. From his left shoulder three of the plates had been cut away, from the right arm a portion of the armor was gone, while the gorget hung dangling upon the right breast, the chain having been cut from the left side. Thus shorn and stripped, the Son of Eric, with a hot, hissing oath, drew back for one more mighty lunge, and it was his last. His opponent comprehended the movement at its inception, and when Thorwald's sword ap- proached him, he caught the point upon his buckler, at the same time bringing down his own weapon with a force that broke the op- posing blade in twain—broke it close up to the hilt. "Surrender!" commanded Aldred. "Never!" howled Thorwald, striking out with his mailed fist. Then Aldred threw down his own sword, and seized his adversary by the waist, lifted him from his feet, and hurled him flat upon his back, and then, with his knee upon the breast of the fallen man, he again demanded surrender. Thorwald did not speak—whether from in- ability or from perverseness, it made no odds and his esquire was directed to assist him to his tent. Aldred of Lanark stood alone in the arena. All the others had been overcome save Earl Douglas, and he had withdrawn of his own accord. So the heralds were directed to pro- claim the Knight of Lanark the victor, and while he advanced and knelt before the queen of ceremonies, the air was rent with such shouts of applause as were never before heard at Ken- more. Clara Douglas did not tremble—there was no quivering of hand or lip—but with a proud and happy light in her eyes, and with gratefully swelling bosom, she advanced, and threw a scarf of crimson silk, richly embroidered with golden thread, over the shoulder of the victorious knight. As Aldred arose to his feet he was caught from behind, and before he could fully compre- hend whether he was indebted to friend or to foe for the unceremonious salutation, he was lifted to a broad litter made of green boughs, interwoven with rare and fragrant flowers, and very soon a score of stout Highlanders were bearing him towards the applauding multitude. The son of Eric stood at the entrance to his tent, and witnessed the scene; and when he turned away he muttered to himself : "Let him triumph now ; for as sure as there is a God in Heaven, he has gained his last vic- tory of earth!" Presently afterwards Thorwald walked forth, divested of his shattered armor, and joined in praise of the victor. "I acknowledge that my blood ran hotly," he said, to the king and Atholbane; "and while I had a hope left I could not give up. I was beside myself. But I am cool now, and I hail the victor as a true and gallant knight. Ah, sire, it is not an easy thing to give up so rich a prize. I would have given my blood for it." "But, Sir Thorwald," said the king, with a slight touch of asperity in his tone, "you fought with a sharp-pointed sword. Knew you not—" "I cry your mercy, sire," interrupted the craven. "That was no fault of mine, and no one can regret the circumstance more than my- self. It was a mistake of my esquire's. Send for him, and he will explain it." It was a grave charge, and Griffeth was sent for, who, when questioned concerning the mat- ter, bluntly confessed that it was entirely through a mistake of his own that his master went forth with a pointed sword ; and there- upon he went on to state just how it had been done. "And furthermore, let me say," added Thor- wald, "that I did not observe the exchange of swords until I had crossed blades with my op- ponent, and then it was too late to mend the matter." "It is well," pronounced the king. "No harm came from it, so you have no ill to answer for." "Ah!" muttered Edwin, speaking so that only Clara could hear him, "Thorwald may de- ceive others, but he cannot deceive me." "Nor can he deceive me," said the maiden. "I like not his dark face." "And," pursued the lad, "he lies when he says that he hails the victor as a true and gal- lant knight. His heart is black with ill-will and vengefulness. But, my soul! has it not been a grand occasion? Ha! see those peasant girls heaping wreaths of roses upon Aldred." Edwin started to his feet and clapped his hands, and presently he tottered back, and would have sunk upon the platform, had not his fair cousin guided him to his seat. "Cousin, I am faint! where are you?" "Here, Edwin ; look up. "Dark! dark!" His father was by his side very soon, and took the boy in his stout arms ; but the power of speech was gone, and the eyes were closed. As quickly as possible the stricken youth was conveyed to the castle, whither his father and his cousin accompanied him, and the physician was not far behind. Aldred, as soon as he heard of Edwin's sudden prostration, persuaded the good Highlanders to let him go, and he reached the castle shortly after the physician ; but when he found that he could do no good, and that the sufferer had better not be disturbed, he started to return to the list, where the sports of the day were to be concluded by the archers. He cared not so much to witness the trial as he did to please the yeomen and men-at-arms by his presence ; for they might take it as a slight if he absented himself. In the corridor leading from Edwin's chamber he met Clara Douglas. She was the first to extend her hand, which she did with a warm, beaming look, and her manner indicated that she was willing to tarry awhile, else the knight would not have sought to detain her. "You have seen Edwin," he said, still hold- ing her hand, for she had given it to him, and had not sought to withdraw it. "Yes," she replied, "I have just left him. The physician shakes his head, and says we must wait until to-morrow. I hope he will re- cover, but I fear." "Poor Edwin!" murmured our hero. "I love him very much." "So do I," responded Clara. And then, having cast a hurried glance up and down the corridor, she added : "But it is not of Edwin I would speak." Her voice was low and eager, and an earnest light was in her eye. "I would speak of Thorwald. Do you think he means well to you?" "I do not, lady," replied Aldred, promptly. "Still," pursued the maiden, "you may not know how false and treacherous he can be. I have watehed him narrowly through this day, and he has glared upon you with eyes like a serpent. Aldred, for my sake, have a care." "Blessed lady—Clara—your words are as heavenly music to my soul ; and the care you manifest for me is a glorious addition to the prize I have this day won. I know the Son of Eric right well, and I shall be on my guard." The lady had withdrawn her hand, and started to turn away, when she stopped and looked up again. "Aldred," she said, and a rich moisture gathering in her eyes, and her voice sweetly tremulous, "I may never be more to you than I am now ; but, while I live, I will not be less. If danger threatens, I pray you save yourself for my sake. God be with you!" With these words she turned towards Ed- win's chamber, while the knight went down into the court, where one of the grooms still held his horse. It was well into the evening when the sports were concluded ; and the king, who had stopped to the close to please his stout archers, returned to the castle in company with Aldred ; and, during the festive hours that followed in the old hall, he kept the victor knight by his side, and treated him as a brother. It was as gall and wormwood to the Son of Eric, and he followed the favored champion with glances of direst hatred ; but he dared not speak his feelings to others ; for in all that as- semblage of knights and gentlemen he knew not one who did not exhibit feeling of admiration toward Aldred of Lanark. Meekly and gently the hero bore his honors, seeming rather to shrink from praise than to court it ; and even this added fuel to the fire of hate that rankled in the bosom of the enemy. And that night, before Thorwald touched his pillow, he swore again that he would sweep the interloper of Lanark from his path! [TO BE CONTINUED.] TWO sailors recently fought a duel in New Orleans ; one of them was wounded and the other killed—one laid up and the other laid out. AN exchange praises an egg " laid on our table by the Rev. Dr. Smith," which shows that brother Smith is a layman as well as a minister. A GENTLEMAN finding his whiskey-punch a little too hot, blew it with his breath to cool it. " Blowing your own horn, I see," said his com- rade. A FARMER, in announcing his willingness to take a wife, declares that as he is himself in clover, he has no objection to take a lady in woods. A NEGRO being caught stealing from a hen- roost, excused himself by saying that " he only came dar to see if de chickens sleep wid der eyes open." " No man in the nation is more indebted to the people than I am," said an old office-holder. " Indeed, sir ; how much of their money have you taken ?"—Hum ; this applies. " You look like Death on a pale horse," said a gentleman to a toper who was pale and ema- ciated. " I don't know anything about that," said the topor, " but I'm death on pale brandy !" A PEDAGOGUE was about to flog a pupil for having said he was a fool, when the boy cried out, "Oh don't! don't! I won't call you so any more—I'll never say what I think again, in all the days of my life !" "You say, Mrs, Jones, that the prisoner stabbed the deceased. Was it in the thorax, or in the abdomen?" "No, sir ; it was in the street. I seed it with my own blessed eyes." " That'll do. Call the next witness." " PLEASE accept a lock of my hair," said an old bachelor to a widow, handing her a large curl. " Sir, you had better give me the whole wig,"—"Madam, you are very biting, indeed, considering that your teeth are porcelain." " AH, Sam, so you've been in trouble, eh?' " Yes, Jem." " Well, cheer up, man ; adversity tries us, and shows up our better qualities." "Ah, but adversity didn't try me; it was a solemn old judge, and he showed up my worst qualities." As Claude R.'s wife sat quietly in the twilight, a fellow stole behind her and kissed her. " Is it Claude?" she asked hurriedly. "No, my dear madam." A moment afterward he was heard to exclaim, " Oh, yes, I am clawed now, indeed I am." A TRICKY politician, who was noted for never doing anything without a sinister purpose, having died, the clergyman who preached his funeral sermon said that it would have been a great consolation to the friends of the deceased, if they could have ascertained his motive in thus suddenly leaving them. 