JANUARY Sth, 1870. For some time past there have been ru mours afloat concerning the manner in which the boys wore treated on board the Nelson. It was alleged that they were in humanly beaten for the most trivial offence, and that the good and bad. characters were treated alike. These reports having reached .the Goverlnmeni, a commnission was ap pointed to inquire into the conduct of the pairties complained against, and from the evidence which has been taken during the week there is reason to believe that the rn mours circulated were.not altogether ground less. It was shown that on the 6th No vember last, when in a boat: about eighty yards from the shore, the schoolmaster (a Mr Boyes) lifted a' heavy piece of wood and struck a lad twice with it upon the head or shouldeir. The boy screamed and fell down. Boyes again struck the lad several times, either with the wood or his fist, as he lay in the bottom of the boat. A few days after wards another lad was so cruelly abused by. this same schoolmaster that it was deemed necessary to obtain the aid of a medical gen tleman, who stated that he had never seen a lad who had been so severely punished. Mr Boyes does.not appear to have been very, particular as to the manner in which he corrected the lads. He would sometihics use a cane; at other times a stick ; and oc casionally his fists. Twice he gave his pupils black eyes. If a boy did anything wrong lie was immediately knocked down, and then perhaps it was explained to him what he was knocked down for; or it might riot be explained at all. We have no doubt that there are many incorrigible young rascals in the ship. But the mode of cor rection which we have described is not the tight way to reclaim them. We think it would tend rather to make them more brutish and :hardened. The evidence has not all been published, nor lhas it yet all been taiken; but enough has been given to show that an offticial inquiry has not been coin niieliced too soon, and tlhat at Ibast onie man who was paid to instruct the lads was a most unfit person to be entrusted with their' supervision. ITr is 'atisfactory to knlow that neaiily all the gramin crop has been secured, and: that we lnave had an abundant hlmirvest. A succes sion of dry seasotis had nearly ruined the farmers, and now the cry is that they will be ruined the otheir way, inasmuch as the price of corn will be so low as will scarcely remunerate them for the cost of growing and harvesting.. But we have no such gloomy forebodings. The' farmers and agri culturists are as. well to do as any other class' .of men in the colony, and 'are quite as inde pendent., The plentiful, crops of this season will tend to make things cheap and stimu late trade. "iOn the other hand, if the pub lished repoits ire correct, there is plenty of employment for: all, and the wages . f la bout are unusually high, with every prospect of their remaining so. It appears also that mning is in a depressed state, and that some shales which brought good prices a short time ago can now be got for alluost no thing. Biut this is one of the consequences of over speculation and placing a fictitious value 'on scrip that was nearly worthless. The mines remain just the same nowas befoie, and if they do not contain 'gold enough to pay the cost of working tliem, it only shows how the public have been imposed upoli and cheated iby. designuing men. There is. no doubt thliat our mines are riot so rich now;is' they were twelve or fifteen years ago ; but there can be no question that some of them would pay better than they do if they were in the hands of honest men. The country iii general is inx a piosperous condition. New iidustries are spriuging up,. bringing in excelleint returns, and we haive reason to think that the yeati 1870 -will be one of the imos5: prosperous thati tlis colony has ever I seen. THE hdn. treasurer of the Benevoilent Asy lum desire to acknowledge the receipt of the following sumns towards the new wiicg'of the Benievolent Asylum :--Collecied by the ladies of Williamstown, L57 6s 8d; Boroumzh of Footscray. L5 5s.r A SUDDEN death occurred at Williams- town on Thursday night. An elderly lady named Pepper in passing along the Strand about seven o'clock was taken seriously ill, and on being conveyed to her residence died in about an hour. Medical aid was obtained, and it is alleged that serous apoplexy was the coause of death, TRINITY CHURCH.The annual meeting of the seatholders of Tiinity Church was held in the schoolroom on Wednesday even ing last, when a most satisfactory balance sheet was exhibited by the retiring wardens, showing an increase in receipts from all sources, and a considerable balance of in come over expenditure. Messrs: Freyer, Lascelles and Power were elected wardens for the current year. The services of the retiring wardens were duly acknowledged, as were also those of Mr G. F. Smith, the honorary choir-master, several gentlemen speaking ii liigh" .termsa of M. 'Smith's un wearied zeal in-his efforts to bring the choral portion of the serivices up to a good standard. WE notice that: a effort is being niade to establish a Working Men's Rowing Club in Williamstowns, and that a public rmeeting for that purpose will be held at the George Hotel on Thursday evening. Boating is a healthy and pleasant exercise. We are sur- prised that this agreeable recreation is not more generally resorted to by the people of Williamstown. THE subscribers to the Williamstown Borough Grammar, School met in the Bo rough Chamnbers on Wednesday evening, and elected Ir David Rodger as a member of committee in the place of Mr D. W. Gossett, resigned. After the meeting the committee assembled to receive the applica tions of gentlemen for the head-mastership of the school, Mr Frizell" having signified his intention of resigning, his appointment on the 31st March. We are informed that the committee have not yet appoinited his successor, but that there is a probability of their doing so in the course of a few days. IT is not generally known (says the Bal larat Star) that iguanas .prey on snakes; nevertheless, such is found to, be tlhe case in this colony. A few days ago a labourer in the employ of Mr L. R. Carterl Spring Hill, while, going through the paddock, was at tracted to a particular spot near the creek by a great hissing and rustling amoigst the grass. When the mian neared the spot he saw a good sized iguana and a large brown snake engaged ii what \\-as evidently mortal combat. The iguana, after cleverly avoiding the dart of the snake, suddenly sprang on to it, and fastening its teeth, and claws into the snake's neck,.jtist behind the head, soon so mangled it that it fell cii easy victim. DaOWNED INX 'onso's 'BAY.--The body of a man named Swincorile, late sailmaker on board the ship Colonial Empire, lying at the Williamstown railway pier, was "found floatiig near the ship on Tuesday morning about seven o'clock The deceansed had been on shore last Friday, and returned on board between one arid two o'clock on the follow ing morning accompanied by two of.his ship mates. He was somewhit the wose for liquor, and was put to bed by his com panions. When the Ihnds were turned out at six o'clock lie was. not to be? found, nor was there any clue as to where he had gone. Dr. Maclean held-an, inquest upon the body at the Old Post Oflice Hotel on Tuesday evening, wheni the juiry returned a i'verdict in accordance with the evidence. The de ceased, who was *thirty-eight years old, was a native of Manchester, ahd was married. A rIAN naniedFrederick Fisher met with a serious accident on Wednesday, at Foots cray, whilst blasting stone. Fisher, who is a quarryman, is very badly injured, and now lies at the Hospital in a dangerous conditiori. Faoti the Railway retsuiius just issued, we learn that 41,921 persons travelled over the Victorian lines during the-week endiiig 30th December. -The -revenue from-all sources received during tlhat period, was £14,267, as against £12,571 for the corresponding week of last year. The weekly average for the whole year has beenl £11,784 Os 3d,?as cornimared with £11,235 last year. THuE professionall pedestrians engaged in England by Mr Sbhoosmith for a colonial firm make thleia fi?s?t itublic appearance on the ifelliouaine cridcket ground to-day., A reference to the handicaps, which haveap peared in the lMelbourne udaily papers, will show that, cousiderinig the reputation the Englishimeii are supposed to bring witlh them the colonial pedestrians have not beea- too liberally dealt with. : It seems that the Atlih letic Sports Co'naittee lihve made a rule to thl, effect. that any ciuiupetitor leaving his mark before the pistol is fired iWill be put back one yard; for the second offence ticio yards,' lnd foi" the tliirdlhe' iill be disqiuali-' flied froin rmnitng. 'Such a rule is arbitrary and unnecessary, iiul, indeed, seems very much as if it was made for the occasion, in-' asmuchlas'our coloiiiail men have not been. -in'the'liabit of stan?idng still at the scratch. befoi e the pistol is : fired, vwhereas the' Englishmenu, we undertstand, have alwaysa been accustomed to that' mode of starting. 'iTakinig into consider-atioi the short distances given to the other competitors in advance of Hewitt, Bird and Topley; the Englislhiiic? should carry ecerything:baifuse thema; e?~ept eralijas the wale race,',. -. A lEiTrinG 'of the Lovtil Liberal Asso ciation was held in the borough chambers, Footscray, on Tnesday,' MIr Smith in tlhe chair. After enrolling new..lmelnbers ide bate was held relative to pay ulent of mel bers in Parliaments , and a vote was lnani mously recorded that member's hotold receive payment. Tile chairman read, an excellenlt essay; subject, the objects of the Loyal.. Libeal. Association. Mr D....Ba'c tholomew addressed the meeting on the sub ject of pensions anid compensation to civil servants.. A .vote of thianks wasi passed to the ehairtuan iinid Mr; D. ,Bartholomewvifor their. qlle and practical addresses. The subject for discussion next omeetiig will be, Are Government pensions desirable 1 WE understand that the challenge. lately issued by J. G. Iarris, the champion- runner of the Australian colonies,.has been accepted by Frank Hewitt, champion of England,. at the following; distances, viz. :--100 yards, 15.0 yards, 200 yards, 30 ,yards, and 440 yards, for £100 a side for each event. The races are to come off .oui the .Melbourne cricket ground, on Saturday and Motiday, the dth and 7th of March. The sporting editor of T'he Australasian will be,tihe stke holder, Mr Hammuerley the starter, and MIr George Watson. will act as ireferee. The match will no doubt excite 'great interest, Harris's performances rendering. him no un worthy opponent even of so: redoubtable a champion as Hewitt. TaHE following queer. story appears in the Pleasant Creek News. The 3riter is described as " a gentleman long resident on Pleasant 'Jreek, atnd who always bore.the .character of an energetic,,upright, conscientious, truthful man. He has for some time past been a resi dent in New Zealand.". He says :-" I saved a claim here at the Thames through a spirit communuication. It had been, neglected, and was.liable- to be junmped, when,I was told by spirit-writing .that six men were, coming at.9 o'clock the:next tuorning on,to the.claint to jump, the:ground, with other: particulars of their, programme. I was there with the mten I got, just in the nick of time- to save the claim. The julpers came exactly at the time I was told ,they would do, and..they saw at once that they were completely.checkinated, andt looked sheepishly disappointed, and as. white s ',ghosts when they saw we were too mnuclihad toostrong to be bounced by them. You, see bythis that I am a spiritist.'?... :'W.\EE?K.after week," says, the :Ballarat Cgo?rier, ',the condition of the unfortunate Chinese lepers on, Clayton's-hill; is:becoming, more deplorable. Uunless some, steps, are shortly taken: to provide for their accommno datin--indeed,.to see that they ime supplied withi the bare necessities of life-there will be, i tale tob unfold which will leave a dark stain on tile. page of colonial history. It would scarcely tend to brighten the historical career of.the colony- were it. to be lefc on record that, christianised and civilised as Vic torians profess to be, they could not, affrd to spend.a few hundreds a year in preserviug from starvation some seven or eight Chinese who had becoine affected with the fearful diseae?d of ileprosy, and who,, surroutnded: by religti!n and religious people, were let .to die uncared for and unheeted. Of those affected only one .is now able to renderassistance to his fellows, and even lie is fast. getting into it stage of the disease whent he will not be abl' to help himself. What will tlthe happei,:. to what will, be done before. that time arrives, retnait.s to be seen. ... t ixt'riti a citriuls discovery was inade 1by. a pleasure party fiom Balla at at Queens clill, tII New Year's Day.i While walking high on the beach they saw what looked like the brass mounting of acoffin just show ing tlhrough the sand. ,On a closer, iuspec tion it was found that a coftin: really wass lying buried there, but when the sand was cleared away, it was also found. thati the. ciltin, as empty, and that the lid- was' miss ing.. The following inscription oli a.brhiss plate was lying in the conlln:- -" J. Steele, died 27th June, 185t6, aged twenty-live years." Tiui South Auft ralimet lRegister h-ns cotte fortlh withl the: new, year -as an eight-page lpapert and i its enlarged form it contains considerably mole limatter than liheretofinre. In anunloiulingti this cha-gce the prolpritors sa thlit they hale " ntilder one roof the ol -, est cand the cwiest prin.tiing u.utc.hiunry in Southl Australia.: The Stahope,. press of 1'83 atid the Hoe of 1870, represent the two extremesn of a cheqiered life, which has strvivied governiors ?itnd gove nin?entst, pa," liiiihentts and caienstitutions, enituent public mnibi, tult gieict coanimercial firoms. Of' e.ach the Register has endeavouited 'to preserve a faithfuli record;itnd every fresh issue it adds to 'ti the ri r l, itthirty, years of its publics tion it hopesto reiider' wvo-rthy of its, se'i national tinditionis." The Register lias'lately accepted the cllallenge of its local cotitetiio rary, the Adviertiser, to Iprove ivhich lhiis the largest circulation, the loser to pay #o,0 to thiq aaide o charities, Titr par:timlars of a most distressiiig aci: dent,' which occurred at Stiake Valley, Carlgllam, on Monday afternoon, to b oyi five years of age, son of ?Mdr Kirkl;prick, a minir in the locality, is furnished by the Ballarat Slr :--It appears that the boy was along with his elder brothler o t.lO hayIlick in tile garden, and that thlr, wis a Indder standing against the rick. Wilhether the younger lad had been up on tile rick and fell down on tile hayfork, or whether the layfork had fillen on him, colld uot be clearly ascertailled ; t all eveuts one of the prongs of the folk elttured the iody of the poor boy a little above the groin onl thelelt side, and went out through the back up near the shoulder. - Dr. Natson was called to the case. The poor little fellow was in great agony on Mondayv night; but. ol Tuesday Imorning he' looked much better, and felt easierl " It is stated that the elider brother of the:sufferer was so fir overcome with the sight of the fork in his brother, that he had not the power to attempt to pull it out, and thIat the poor little sufferer himself had .to pull the pronig oiut of his body. 