COMMERCIAL SCHOOL, PORT ADELAIDE. ihe annual examination of tho pupils of the above school was hold in tho schoolroom en Tuesday, the 21st instant. Cap'ain Hart, M.P., * presided durimr the first wart of the nroci'wlimo!. ind on hia doparture Mr. Dempster occupied tho ;liair. There was a good attendance of visitors. * K large and varied display of fancy work ixecutod by the young ladies was exhibited, ind attracted considerable attention mid udmi- , ?ation. Specimens of penmaaship wero also I ihown. Messrs. Ixsslie, Millard, aud Burgrui examined the scholars in the following subjects: ^ —History of Assyria and Persia, mental* arith- metic, aud mechanics. Tho pupils' repliofl « , ihowed that thoy had boen well taught. Vory favourable reports were received from tho Rev. 3\. Green, who had examined the pupils j.ri- - ; vately in arithmetic, grammar, geography, ic, t j md from Mr. Dempster, who bad examined j the wr.tng. Tho ? proooedings were agree | Vi atly diversified by singing and recita- - | titm. From tho report presented by 1 Mr. King it appears that tho schools wtrj never in a more flourishing condition than k at prosent, li-2^ being tho average monthly return of pupils in attendance. About 30 pupils had attended orery day during tho vcfar, whilst tho general average was good. It referred, with pleasure to the responsible situations which . several of the old pupila now held in tho Port, and expressed gratification that one cf tho old scholars had carriod off the Westminster ' Scholarship at the College. Captain Hurt com plimented Mr. and Mrs. King upon the suoowj - which had attended their eff#rte, and oncouraged ; tho pupila by hia advise to continue their effort* to distinguish themselves. In presenting tho elocution prize Captain Bickers made some ex cellent remarks. Mr. B3th expressed his satis faetioa at tha way in whicli the pupils had acquitted themselves, and spoko in hirr 1 term3. of the order, discipline, aud ganeral 'nniage- ment of the school. The prizes wore distributed by Mr. Dempster, and appropriate remarks made on tha satis factory results of the examination. Hearty cheers wore Riven for Mr. and Mra. King, tho Chairmen, visitors, kc, and the projeedings terminated. The following is the prize Ii3t:— Special prixes given by several frienls of the school :— Old Scholars', Frank Farrow; and for porsoverance under difficulties. Wm. McKinlay, both presented by Mr. J. Hirt, M.P.; plain work, Miss Blain, presented by Mm. Hart ; elocution, John Ottaway, presented by Captain Kickers; writing, Goo. McKinlay, presented by Mr. Millard ; fancy work, Eliza Deslandes ; plain work, Kliz* Turner; elocution, Wm. Hall; writing, C. Kianoar; writing, 'Wm. Morteas; Fourth Class.— First division— F. Farrow, W. McKinlay, Wm. Wright, A. Lindsay, J. Bureau, S. Gsrmcin, Wm. Hall; second division— W. D^hudes, Wm. Coggins, John firahim, .las. Wald. Third Class.— First divi Kion— M. Moorhou-jo, F. Oyston, C. Haines ; second division— Alex. Ross, F. King. J. Likio. (rirL*.- Fourth Class— E. Turner, E. Germcin, E. DeViandes, F- Blain, F. Hastier, E. Doyle, M. Hustler. Third Class— M. Germein, T. Tnpp, S. Smyth, A. Dains, 0. Thomas, C. Lees. Sundries ~R. Hains, E. Bower, R. Butler, G. Moore, W. Grossa, W. Reid, J. Oynton, and J. Wells. Cortifieates for sinking— E. Turner, W. Hail, and J. Ottaway. Certificates of honour — Muses 11 Turner, F. Hustler, R. Hains, F. Blain, E. Uermein, E. Doyle, and E. Doslnndos ; and Masters F. Farrow, W. McKinlay, W. Hall, J. Barreau, S. Gormein, \--. McKinlay, W. Wright, J. Ottaway, W. Tftpp, T. Ko*»; and T. William* for arithmatic. SOCIETY OF ARTS' EXHIBITION. The thirteenth nnnuul Exhibition of tho South Australian Society of Arts v/.is opened on Thurs day, Docemlwr '23, by Ilia Excellency the 'Jovernor at the Exchange Room, Towu Hall. The Society have always experience 1 great fiirficulty in finding a suitable place for heir Exhibition, and such a on-i as they require pr.tpcrly ligli.ed would add much to thu interest and enjoyment of ihe^o annual meetings. In soin2 respects tho room now in u=-o is very convenient, but it must be in a measure a source: of reg ct thnt tho Kxhibition, associated as it very pro perly is with tho Institute, cannot be efficiently provided for in that building. This is a draw back which wo may hopo at some future time to see remedied, jvs tho efforts of the Soc ety suid its officers well merit some recognition in the v.;iy of tho provision of a suitable gallery in v. hich they may appeal to the sympathies and tiw'os of tho public. It is an evidence their labours ar.^ not unfruitful that so birge a number of tho prizes this year are taken eithor by pupils of tho School of Design or oilier artists who have been bora or educated in the colony. This should have an etfect in procuring for the Society :vn addi tional amount of support end assistance which may bo rendered in numerous ways, which will readily suirgest themajlvei. Tno Committee have this year with the aid of Mr. 1). Cullay, who «;ls unipujoci for the purpose, .succeeded in pre H-iiting for infection a Lirger and moro varied x-sortmeut '-f piuturos thr-u on any former occasion, and it is gratifying to tind that there is generally at each annual exhibition :ui improvement manifested in ouo or luore r.^j.ect.s on the preceding one. The number of works eiito'od for competition has reached ?J'JH - a considerable advance on former yo;us; wliile there in also exhibited a very i.vner;il improvement, especially among o tr yuuti',' A'i.--tf:ili:ni artists' production. Of other works there i.~t a satisfactory display, inclu ding landscape, marine, and other subjects, ;iiid a number of portraits in oils. His Excislloncy Sir James Forgnsson arrived v- ry *oou after 2 o'clock accompanied by the Hi -ii. Captain Edgcumbe, and was escorted round the room by the Hon. Secretary, Mr. Abrahams, and Mr. Ouorgo Hamilton. Thy competitive works, which were the first to como under llis Excellency's in spection, m&'lo a very good show, ranged a* they wero along tho whole of the northern wall, tho pri/.w collected together at tha eud nearest the entrance. Unfortunately tile catalogues h:;d not boon linL«hed xo as to be available on Thurs day :u*tornoou, and therefore lator visitors will have an advantage which those who won.! present on the o| toning day did not possess. Tho oil paintings and mincellandou3 works of art protty w«H covered tho three remaining walls, :ind ?-;onic of thot/i necessarily suffered from want nf suflioienT. or approjiriate lighting— a cnntij^'t'iicy whic'u rau.-t be expected where the lii,rlit is only obtained from ono wdc- In the window roc- cases vrtro exhibited the Fociety'* i'lizt*. which are ohortiy to be drawn for, con .«i:-iii^r for the mast part of pririan busta and -f.iiui.-Ufs of gnwt, elegance. In briefly noticing some of the prizo works ?i! pointings properly demand nr-:t .'.t tendon; ? .sit unluckily there are very f»r.r oi tliis -la--s t« couimtut u\\-ou, and nouo from '.rufte -JMial artinti?. Xo. 17. 'Glen Stuart from Vl-cint L.fry,' by Mr.'J. II. Eiggs, took tliu b'ghost pri/.v.-, which wnscontvibutod by Mr-i. W. l!iiLr^in.-i, to \\--i r--ijitwtod for by am.atti!i's. iliis i.- a view of wkit is t-oininoniy knov.-n .s th« \Val-if:ill -;-,:My, u\\\:vn from 'the bills ?i'-'jw, .liiawiii^ thn long valley with tho hill* ??'n-l ravine* ou eithor ride. On the whola it is c ? nuliful ivi)-r-:tion tiit-ion, but, a.s a picture, suffora 'oine'.vhat from want i f v.irlutjf in tha scenery, in tho foreground is a clump of trees growing ? -n th-- !i:it atiovt! tht- gully, affordinp somewhat of a sot-off to the uniformity of the t:era of h'lK :ui 1 lvoyond tho opening the Adelaide I'biiiH and tin* Buy aro socn in the distance. The picture Las ccnsidcrablo merit, and the \--entt will Iv recognised by Many v.-ho have ^t.xid ou the up nf tho raugo near r'o-JJir.mV. The second best oil painting of .South Australian D»ndiicft{-e ia a view of Wood hijuw, Ciix'ri CVcok, the residence of Chief ?funtiftf Hanson, osecute«l by Mm P. M. ILinsou, tho'sinr tho viUa, with the thickly tvoode-i tier« in Un.« ivar, laid a very pretty tit of shrubbery, v.'iih nistic limber fence in the forcgro»md. The next prizo that elicited auy i-.'sponiio was that offered by Mr. Wm. Wadhyn. for thu btfat cnsriTW view in ?!!, either original or copy, a ntwond prize being tdded by the Society. Tho tiret »f theso was taken by .- lady artist, MLs« Klon Stonehouse, whose name will lw familinr to visitors to tho inhibition. Tho pioce w a copy from a very cx-«ilent painting of tho 'Entrance to a Dutch Uivvr,' with :i boat labouring heavily in a confused sea, a windmill and somn figures on tho bank completing the piotuiv. Misw fltonehouse'n oolouring, though . l«-fieient iu tra;^p»ironcy and perspective effect, h nevt-rthelesri a croditablo work, and deservedly attracted a gooJ deal of attention. Mr.' J. H. OiiTEp obtained tho socoud prizo with a very excellent little i-oa piece, tho ' Pilot Boat in St. Vmeout'H Gulf.' the lvame of which sufficiently i. ?.tribes itaolf. We uro »-rry to find somo .?irtists who have in former years competed, ai-c ^'U^pi-jtioiH only by tho ah*«nco of their con- } !ributi»n-s and that, therefore, in oil peinting j especially the i-how is very limitod. It might h,\ worth consideration, seeing there wero I ?:??- Icssi than 35 guineas offerod for oil and water colour drawings not com 1'otod for, or which wore not awarded, ??v!icthf»r it would not bo desirable to arrange for o%ring ponwthing higher than a £5 5s. )-ii.v-\ The prizes for tho best and second *O33t j ?.v;i'or oolouri weru both awarded to Misa II. !-? ifole for iwo beautiful drawings, tho one, ?? OM Ford Bridge,' a very pretty little U:id.-wii-o by the river Hide, and tho other, ? Winter near A-shford, Kent,' lvprc ?ontiiiic the ground oovorod with mow, with i roadway and rustic bridge over a stream. IT..- ut-xt couple of prizes for 'South Australian marine w!iU«r'-colonr views' were taken by two .ice iktlo Fketohcs of Mr. R. E. Alinchin's, of Victor Unrixjur end Port Adelaide. In flower ivihiting tkore Ls a marked improvement on i.wt year,, many of the gi-oupa boing well exe cuted, and verv graoofully jirranged. As usual, Lyge proportion of tho honours fell to Miss DeMole, who eshibited rome exquisite illustra ior.-i of thi3 branch of hrt, for .which ete has' ih'-.vn such talent. There wci* two or three ?nnital specimens of Londscapd f-aiuting, tho first pnz« befn*' taken by a new in the ? Barrier Ra-is*j, by ilr. W. G.*P. Joyner, pcd'tLeseeond by Mr. J. H. Biggs with a pretty piece of Swiss lake scenery. A priza for the bosfc water colour landscape by ladies, contributed by tho Right Rev. Biahop Short, D.D., was awarded to a drawingof 'Heidelborg Castle,' by Mra.W. H. Benhun. Miss Ibbetson took the prize oifcreJ by Mr. George Hamilton for the best drawing of animals by competitors born in South Australia. Tho subjoct was a pony in its stall, very neatly executed in pen and ink. There wore some creditable specimens of chalk drawings, most of them by pup.ls of the School of Design, Miss Ida D.irling taking several prizos, and Misses Wigley, Stanton, and D jMoIo one a piece. ' Th9 Virgin and Child,' by the last nnned lady, was very beautifuly done. A considerable amount of money was offorod in prize* for photographs of various descriptions, h\it apparently with very little effect so far as inducing competition. All the prizes except ono were aw;irJed to Mr. Towusend Duryca, who exhibited several choice specimen* of photo graphic art. A large-sisod mezzotint of His Excellency the Governor, presented a striking like i&*s of tho ordinal ; and tho wa tor-colour portrait of a child was a sweet thing of ite kind, though exhibiting some unavoidable peculiarities. A painted photograph of a young hdy will also attract notice^rom the artistic stylo in which it is finished. There wore some excel lent full-length and vignatte plain photographs, exhibiting great perfection in that art. For tho best, twelve of tho latter tha prize wa-? awarded to the Adelaide Photographic Company. Amongst the miscellaneous drawings, the pon and ink sketches are most desc-rvinp of notioe, and especially one, to which the Judges refer in their report — No. 31, ' Lionet and Cubs,' by Mr. J. H. B gg3— a wonderful piece of work to have been accomplished with the pen. No. CO, 'The Sentinel,' by M^ss I^uLsa Duffiold, and No. 98 are also, amongst others, very good drawings, competing for the several pri«i« offered in this dep;irtment. Tlie prizo for the bt-3t pencil landscape was awarded to a sketch by Mr. W. G. P. Joyner. Mrs. Rsnham to.ik tho award for sepin. drawing, in whio.i s«hc always has somo oxce'.I-jnt contributions. Oao of tha most 1 astonishing works, however, w.is a copy of j ll-iphai;l's ' Holy Family' iu pencil, by Miss | Ida D ii ling which obtained a woil-desirved pri^'j as thd m -st m.'ri orio s drawing by a pupil of the Sch wl of Da.^i^n. Tlu oxprc-wion o' tho figims as well as the details of the piev.iro w.i? a hnirably wro ig.\t, and rellocts great crodit upon t .o ar',i-t, and thro ic;h hor trion tho School of Dosign. Space will not parmit on the present oc '.ax'on any referenco to the various f jraign works of art, of which tharc arj a large num'iar, somo of them of high merit. 'Hie lovers of wax model i lg of friit and [lowers will find *»incthing wor h inipectior. iu tho reeo.-s of ono of t\v: win iows, and iu another i-? cai a Imirab'e s]).^cimcn of wood carving by Mr. S. Peters. Subjoined are the Judges' report and the list of prizes. We report tho latter on account of imperfection!- in the list published by us a few | days since. In cases whore uo award was made | tlu- class is omitted: I 'The Judges feel t-Lat, in presenting their report, they must express great satisfaction on the whole with ihi works Bent in for competi tion. In some instances, indeed, these are of a hiich class of art ; and when the fact is taken into consideration that by far tho greater number of fwce.vf'ii cimdidatos are- qu'.tu young persons of ages ranging from VI to 20 years, v.-uo^c skill :vs [ artiste Iru-: been acr.iir^l in this colony, it will bo evident that the .Society is doing ;?. groat aud successful work. '? In somo few cases tho prizes offered have not ln.'en computed for, whilst in others the Judges have cxen-;se d, a.s on forniwr occa-ions, tlio liiscretiouary powers given them by refusing to award i-rizcs to work* of insufficiont merit. Tho public laut jui'gj for Vhemsolvcs of 1 10 quality of those to which prize.; have been av- firded; and it would therefore b.» unneces sary, as it might be deemad invidious, for tho Judges to wiy much of tho pictures and other works tif art in detail. They would wish, how ever, to call attention to No. 31, a pen and ink sketch of a lioness and her two cubs, on account of its marvolIoiM execution in imitation of an old etching. They wish also to explain that in the case of No. 20, to which Pnzo 5'i has boen awarded, tho donor dispensed with the condi tions attached to hi.s o:fer, ft'id at his express desiru this pen and ink sketch wsw admitted in competition for the above prize. ' In water colours tho oxhibita of this year show a marked saperiurity over those of former years ia purity of colouring and transparency of shadows. It is t-» bo regretted that the painting3 in oil which have- been sent in are :-o few, and in 8.«ii3 iust.ancos exhibited truces of kiste in execution .and ;i want of finish, which can only ho accounted for on the assumption that. the .irtist.s h-ive foind tho time altawod tliom insufficiunt. Tho Jr.dg.n wou!J venture to suggest that the (Jonnrttes should coiwidor thoir Rule No. 2, which confines exhibits to ' works executed tssnuo the List exhibition of the ?Soccty.' 'Tlio Judges can hardly hope to ptatss all by their awards ; and. huluod, their dutias hnve in sjver.il instances boon of a difficult nature. In tho case of Prize ,'iS thoy wore particularly so. .since the variotics of stylo as well as s.ibject nnd*1 it eoniowliat perplexing to select the *ocL-t a;-!o;:^st so many xlwt wero really o;:o--'loat. Tiit-y have, however, uparad no effort to do j'j'.tice to the can lidates, to carry out tho in ttiiitiom of the donora, and to forward tho objects of the Society. 'D. J. H. Iii3Kr$o.v. J. Bhow-*. 'F. W. Cox. G. Hamilton. ?T. W. May. W. Wyatt. ;'L. J. Pi:i.ii.v:.f. '? December 17, 180P.' OIL TAIN'TINGS. South Aufitralian Landscape, by amateurs, original, £3 5s., contributed by Mrs. W. Hug-gins — J. H. Biggs. Noxt boat 'do., £2 2--.. S-Juth Australian Sodoty of Artu — Miss S. M. Ifanson. A study of a !re« or treo?, by ,imat«urs, original or copjr, £2 2h., II. L. Vosz, J.P. — Miss A. M. StonehouaiJ. Marino view, original or copy, £& 3s., W. Wadham — Mias Hlen Stonehouso. Next best do.. £1 1*., South Au.stra!iar. Society of Arts— J. II. Biggs. wateb-coj.ocr rxnmyoa. Copy of a water-eolour drawing or chromo Kthotint, J£2 2s., W. Evti-ard, M.P.— Misa If. DcMole. Next best do., £1 1«., Hou. J. Colton, M.P.— Miss n. DeMok. South Australian marine viow. original, £3 3s., Hon. J. Hodgkis.=— }!. K. Minchin. Next beat do., .£1 Is.. South Australian Society of Arts— II. E. Minchin. Fruit or flowers, or both, by ladies, original or copy, £2.2*., C. B. Young— Misa H. DeMole. Next boat do., £1 Is., P. D. Prankcrd, J.P.— Miss H. J)e ^role. Fruit or riowors, or both, original or copy, £2 '2n.r .South Austral i:-.:; StHjioty of Arta--Miss DoMol«. Next l-oat do., £1 Is., W. B. T. Andrews— ?-fv?3 Po.Vfoie. ' Bouquet of native flowers, original or copy, £!i 23.. R. Schornbuvgk, Ph. J)r.— Mi«s DeMolo* : landscape by ladies, originnl or copy, i!2 2s., Right Pvov. lfohop Short, I). P.— Mrs. W. H. Benham. Landscape bv amatcure, original or copv, £2 2s., Hon. H. Ayera-W. G. P. .loynor. ft'Ncxt best do'., £1 U., Hon. ll' Avers -J. H. Bigga. CnALK DRAWINGS. i From tho Round, by a pupil of the School of Design, £3 3e., South Australian Society of Arts — Misa L A. Darling. For the next best do., do., £1 Is., Jsraes Macgoprgo— Miss I. A. Darling1. In coloured chalk, by lady amateurs, original, ' £2 2s., L. J. Pelbani— Mis«T[. A. Durling. In black and vrhito, from the i-ound, by amateur?, £2 2»., Jamo-j Hill— Mwa H. I*. Wyloy. By young ladios bom in the colony, oritrinal or copy, £2 2i., J. W. Lewis, J. P.— Misa Mary Hay. A head in pencil, or black and white or coloured chalks, by young kdios, copy, £1 Is., fiouth Austrdiati Society of Arid— Miss P. Stanton. ' A virgin and child, in coloured chalks, full length of bust, original or copy, £2 2s.^ Right R«r. Tfehci) Shwl, D.D.— Miaa H. DeMole. ?PHaTOORAPHB. ', Bye entire': y untouohed portraits, not lass \hea 8x6 inches, £2 2s., South Australian Society j of Arts— T. Duryoa. i Twelve entirely untouched full-length carto . de-viaite porti-ait-», £1 Is., South AnstfAian ! Society of Arts— T. Duryea. ! Twelve entirely untouched vignette cartede ? visite portraits, £1 k., South Australian Society of Arts — Adelaide Photographic Company. i A mezzotint portrait, £3 3s., W. Bakewoll, J.P.— T. Duryea. ' An oil-colour portrait, £2 2s., T. Duryea— T. Duryea. i A water- colour portrait, £2 2s., Delta— T. , Duryoa. SCULPTURE, MODELLING, &C.; Sculpture or carving in stone or wood, original . or copy, £2 2h., Rev. J. Jcleris, LL.B.— S. Peters. Sculpture, modelling, or carving, in stone, clay, or wood, original or copy, £ij &., R, Ingleby, J.P.— S. Pet«rs. MISCELLANK0C3 DRAWINGS. Arehitoctural, original or copy, £1 Is., Hon. J. Crozier — I^eslio Macgeorge. Mechanical, original or copy, £1 Is., Hon. J. Crozier— P. Morison Cumining. Finginoering, original or copy, £1 !U, South Australian Society of Arts— W.F. DeMole. Pcrspactive viow of the Oovomment Offices, Adelaide, original, £2 2s., Hon. Thoa. English— W. G. P. Joyner. Pencil drawing, original or copy, by boys not over 12 years of age, oorn in the colony, £1 Is., C. R. Darton— Lewis 0. Darton. Pencil drawing, original or copy, by girls not over 12 years of age, born in the colon v, £1 Is., C. R. Darton-Mis3 H. Tuxford. Design for a verandah, suitablo for public streets, £1 Is., J. T. Turnbull-W. F. DeMole. Animals, by competitors born in the colonv, original, £2 2n., U. Hamilton, J.P.— Miss ibbetson. Sepia, Indian ink, pen and ink, poncil, or chalk drawing of trees and foliago, original, £1 Is., J. 11. Gurnor-Mw. W. H. Benham. In Indian ink, pen and ink, or neutral tint, or any combination of tham, original or oopv, £1 la., F. S. Crawford-- W. F. DoMole. Pon and ink, ovi^inal or copy, by bov? under lrt years of age, £1' Is., F. S. Crawford'— E. W. Mincn'n. Pen and ink drawing, by lady amateurs, original or copy, £2 2s., W. Duffield, J.P.— Mias Lewis. Pon and ink drawing, original or copy, £1 Is., South Australian Society of Arts— J. H. Bigg-;. A landscape, in sepia, by amateurs, original or copv, €1 Is., South Australian Society of Arts -Mrs.' W. H. lienham. Hough poncil sketch landscape, original, £2 2-i., W.' Go8.se, J.P.— C. Ada Giles. Landscape in pencil only, original or copy, £1 Is., South Australian .Society of Arts— W. G. P. Joyner. I Pencil landscape, touched up with while, ? original or copy, on tinted paper, £1 Is., South Australian Society of Arts— R. H Minchin. Scroll drawing in outline, say from the London School of Design's Patterns, executed without tho aid of moas.irc:n-:nts or tho use of any instruments, by a pupil of tho School of Design, under 18 years of age, £1 Is., J. H. Clark, d.P. —Miss H. S. Hill. ' The most meritorious drawing, by a pupil of the School of Design, original or copy, £2 2-., W. Townscnd, M. P.— Miss I. A. Darling. Next best do.. £1 Is., South Australian Society of Art* -Miss H. L. Wyly. Ornamental writing, ruitablo lor m ,iddre?3 or testimonial, original, £1 Is., T. Duryea — R. E. Minchin. WAX MODELLING. Fruit, not lass than eight varieties, natural size, £2 2.--., South Australian Society of Arts— Miss E. L. Gray. Flower?, not lc?s linn o:ght v:irietios, natural size, £2 2s.. W. 0. Gerko, J.P. — S. A. llalcro. 