VPASTOEAL LETTEE .?';'? OF THE EIGHT EEVEEEND DE. MUEEAY, BISHOP OF MAITLAND, TO THE CATHOLIC CLEE&Y; AND LAITY OF THE DIOCESE. OF , MAITLAND, ON PAPAL INFALLI BILITY; James, by the Grace op God and of the Apostlic See, Bishop of Maitland, to the Catholic Clergy and Laity of the Diocese. of Maitl and. ; ''? Dearly Beloaoed Brethren And Chil dren in Christ,— When addressing you last year on. devotion to the Blessed Virgin, , and explaining the great dignity to which it pleased the Almighty to raise her, in select ing her to be the Mother of ; the- world's Ee deemcr, I solicited your prayers for the suc cess of the Vatican Council, and invited you to beseech from your inmost hearts the giver of all good gifts, to bestoAv in its fullness Heavenly Avisclom on tlic jjatner oi tne taitniui and the assembled Bishops,, to enlighten arid direct them in their deliberations. . Thanks be to God, it is my privilege, to day to announce to you' tidings of great joy, and to make knoAArn to you that your ferment prayers have been heard. One of the most important ecclesiastical assemblies that the world ever witnessed, has been held, and decisions of the greatest moment have been pronounced by that august body, which can not fail to be -productive of signal blessings to the Church of God and to society. Solemn definitions have been issued by the assembled fathers condemning the innumerable, errors of the present age, upholding the cause of justice and authority, defending the rights o£ religion, and banishing for ever from the pale of the Catholic Church Gallicanism, which, at timesduringthelasttwo hundredyears, seemed; to aim at the destruction of all ecclesiastical' authority, by undermining the very founda tions of the Church, and making her the slave of ambitious rulers and unprincipled states men. ? . : The A'oicc of the Church has gone forth to the uttermost bounds of the earth, and the- ?? power and goodness of God made manifest in h.er teaching, Avill shine forth Avith greater splendour for- all time to instruct and en lighten men of good will. Her enemies in deed may sneer, and a few of her children of little faith may falter, and' perhaps. tear them selves from her maternal bosom by not sub mitting to her guidance, yet ' tne arrange ment made by incarnate truth remains firm, and blessed Peter abiding through the strength of the rock in the power, that he re- ; ceived, has not abandoned the direction of the Church.' Millions of Catholics. have al-. ready poured forth hymns of praise and thanksgiving to God for the blessings re- . ceived, and Catholic nations are rivalling each other in expressing their admiration and. gratitude to their respective Bishops, for the zeal and ardour Avith AArhich they defended truth, and declared the Infallibility of Peter's successors Avhen teaching the univer sal Church and defining as Christ's vicars on ' earth any doctrine on faith, or morals, to be held by all the Faithful. My dearly Beloved Brethren, we too ought to be most grateful to God for having allowed us to see this memorable day, in which, the infallibility of the Bishop of Eoine, as head of the universal Church, was proclaimed from the heights of the Vatican. This Avonderful event was pre-ordained in. the eternal Counsels of infinite wisdom,' and. ;hat age would seem to have been especially chosen by his providence for defining this dogma, in AA-hich such efforts are made, to diminsh and if possible to destroy the supreme authority of the Eoman Pontiff, without which the Church cannot subsist the . one holy, apostolic Church, as built by her .divine founder. The Popes, as you are aware, may lose their temporal dominions, and be deprived of all their Avorldly goods, they may be driven from the eternal city, the capital of their states, and the home of all Christians, to suffer in exile for justice sake, like a St. Gregory the seventh, but they cannot, whether at Avignon, Fontainbleau, or Gaeta, surrender one tittle of the spiritual power with * which Christ invested them as his messengers to men, and vicars upon earth. .:;-..?; If, in the long line of Pontiffs who by their C learning and -virtues' shed such a lustre on./ the Church, even one Avere found who. taught, heresy to the faithful, and failed to discern, and define orthodox doctrine in faith and morals, the promises made by Christ would have been annulled, the gates of hell would have prevailed against the Church of God, and the command given to Peter by him, AArhose Avords Avcre not to pass aAvay, to feed the lambs and sheep, and to confirm his Brethren would have had no effect. The . Church was to receive its strength from the rock on which it was founded, and therefore the rock should endure even to the consum mation of the world. The Apostles and their successors were to receive life and strength from Peter, and to be confirmed by him in the one true faith ; and if the Apostles were intrusted to the guardianship of Peter, -whose infallible faith was to preserve them from all contagion of heresy and error, how much more necessary was it that their successors, the Bishops of the Catholic Church, not endowed with the same extraordinary gifts by the most High, should have a beacon to direct them in the ways of truth, a principle of unity and a tower of .strength to unite, preserve, and confirm them in the faith once delivered to the Saints. As early as the second century of the Church we find. this principle explained by St. Ireneus, \- who. declared the Holy .Roman Church to be a competent and authoritative witness of true doctrine, pointing out the consequent obliga- tion. of all the faithful to follow her teaching on account of her more powerful principality, and the paramount necessity of all agreeing with that Church, in which the apostolic tradition has been always preserved. Now, at the time of St. Ireneus, there were other apostolic Churches that had not fallen away from the true faith, and the doctrine taught by . them would have confourided . the heretics, of that; age, but it was by the authority of the Roman Church in particular whose Bishop inherited the, prerogatives of St. Peter, and claimed 'obedience from all, pastors and people, the Bishops and their flocks, on account of her pre-eminence over all the Churches, -it became necessary that all should agree with her teaching. This splen- did testimony of St. Ireneus, who at once bears witness to the ancient faith both of the Eastern and 'Western Churches, by reason of his having passed from the East to Gaul about the middle of the second century and become Bishop of Lyons in 177, deserves special mention here. He was refuting the Gnostics, the heretics of his day, who boasted of some secret traditions of their own, more perfect than the public teaching of the Church. ' All,' he says, ' who wish to see the truth, may see in the entire Church the traditions of the apostles, manifested throughout the whole world ; and we can enumerate the bi- shops who have been ordained by the apostles, and their successors down to our time who taught or knew no such doctrine as they madly dream of. But since it would be very tedious to enumerate in this work the succcs- sion of all the churches, by pointing to the tradition, of the greatest and most ancient church, known to all, founded and established at Home by the two most glorious apostles, Peter and Paul, and to her faith announced to men, which comes down to us by the succcs- sion of bishops, we confound all those who in any improper manner gather together, cither through, self-complacency, or vain-glory, or .through blindness or perverse disposition. For with this church, on account of her more powerful principality, it is necessary that every church, that is, the faithful, who are on all sides, should 'agree, in which the apostolic tradition has been always preserved by those who are on all sides. Now, at that time there nourished other apostolic Churches, such as Jerusalem, Antioch, Alexandria, Ephesus, and others that preserved the religion of Christ in its in- tegrity. Why did not Ireneus appeal to the authority and doctrine of these Churches ? Simply because the Bishop of Rome, inherit- ing the powers, the privileges, and preroga tives of St. Peter, was entrusted with the care and guardianship of the whole flock of Christ, both pastors and people. St. Leo the Great illustrates this doctrine with, such beauty of language, that I shall take the liberty of quoting, at some length, from one of his eloquent discourses. In the - Sermon on the anniversary of his consecra tion he has the following words : — 'Although, then, beloved, our partaking in that gift be a great subject for common joy, yet it wore a better and more excellent cause of rejoicing, if ye rest not in the con sideration of our humility ; more profitable and more worthy by far it is to raise the mind's eye imto the contemplation of the most blessed Apostle Peter's glory, and to celebrate this day chiefly in the honor of him, who was watered with streams so copious from the very Fountain of all graces, that while nothing has passed to others without his participation, yet he received many special privileges of his own. The Word made flesh already dwelt in us, and Christ had given up Himself whole to restore the race of man. Wisdom had loft nothing un ordered ; power left nothing difficult. ' Ele ments were obeying, spirits ministering, angels serving ; it was impossible that Mystery could fail of its effect, in which the Unity and the Trinity of the Godhead itself was at once working. ' And yet out of the whole world Peter alone is chosen to preside over the calling of all the Gentiles, and over all the' Apostles, and the collected Fathers of the Church ; so that though there be among the people of^Grod many priests and many shepherds, - yet Peter rules all by personal commission, whom Christ also rule's by sovereign power. Beloved', it is a great and wonderful participation of His own, power which the Divine condesccndence gave to this man ; and if He willed that other rulers should enjoy aught together with him, yet never did He give, save through him, what He denied not to others.'1 In fine, the Lord asks all the Apostles what men think of Him ; and they answer in common so long as they set forth the doubtfulness of human ignorance. But when what the disciples think is re quired, ho .who is first in Apostolic dignity is first also ! in confession of the Lord. Andf ivhen he had said. ' Thou art Christ, flic Son :-f the living God;' ' Jesus answered lnnj, Blessed-art' thou,' Simon Bar- Jpna; be'Causb lesh and blood hath; 'not revealed; 'it to' thce,, jut My Father, ,whb' 'is' in 'Heaven1;'' that id,, Thou art Blessed/'becausc'IMy'j' Father ;hath aught thee; not opinion whicli1'!^ of 'the sarth deceived thoe,' but heavenly inspiration nstructcd thec; and not 'flesh 'and' blood lath shown Me to thce; but He, whose' only-- -cgotten Son I am.., Audi, saith'He,' say into ? thec, that is, 'as ' My ; Father lath manifested to thee My Godhead! o I, too, make known to thce, . thine own )recminence. For thou . art ' ' Peter ; that ' i s j vhilst I ana the 'immutable Rock,*' I, ilio sorner stone, who' ' make both one, I, thc( bundation by which no one can lay another ;j yet thou also art a rock, because by My rirtuc thou art established, so tti'at 'vvliatcvor] s Mine by sovereign power is to thce b'y par-] icipation common with Me.' And upon tins 5 ?ock I will build My Church, and the gates, )f hell shall n oi prevail against it; 'on .this; ilrength, saitli He, I will build an eternal ? iompic, and My Church, which in its height i hall reach the heaven, shall rise upon the irnmess of this faith.' This confession the jats of hell shall not restrain, nor the chains -f death fetter ; for that voice is the voice of ife. And as it raises those who profess it into heavenly places, so it plunges those who leny it into hell. Wherefore it is said o most blessed Peter, 'I will give o thce the keys of the kingdom of heaven ; ,nd whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth hall bo bound in Heaven, and whatsoever hou shall loose on earth shall be loosed in Leaven.' The privilege of this power did in Leed pass to the other Apostles, and the order if this decree reached to all the rulers of the Church but not without purpose what is in ended for all is put into the hands of one. ?or therefore is this intrusted to Peter singly, lecausc all the rulers of the Church arc in estcd with the figure of Peter. The privi 3ge, therefore, of Peter rcmaincth, whereso vcrjudgmentispassedaccording to his equity. ?Tor can severity or indulgence be excessive, rhere nothing is bound, nothing loosed save rhat Blessed Poter cither bindeth or looseth. Jut at the approach of His passion, which rould disturb the firmness of His disciples, lie Lord saith, ' Simon, Simon, behold Satan ath desired to have you that lie may sift you s wheat ; but I have prayed for thce, that ly faith fail not, and when thou art converted brongthen thy brethren, that ye enter not in 3 temptation.' The danger from the tempta Lon of fear was common to all the Apostles, ud they equally needed the help of Divine irotcction, since the devil desired to dismay, o make a 'wreck of all ; and yet the Lord akes care of Peter in particular and asks pecially for the faith of Peter, as if the state -f the rest would be more certain, .if the mind )f their chief were not overcome. ' So then n Peter the strength of all is protected, and ;hc help of Divine grace is so ordered, that .he stability, which through Christ is given ;o Peter, through Peter is conveyed to the Apostles.' ' Since, therefore, beloved, we see such a protection divinely granted to us, reasonably ;md justly do we rejoice in the merits and dignity of our Chief, rendering thanks to the Eternal King, our Redeemer, the Lord Jesus Christ, for having given us so great a power to him whom He made chief of the whole Church, that if any thing, even in our time, by us be rightly done and rightly ordered, it is to be ascribed to his working, to his guid ance, unto whom it was said; — 'And' thou, when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren :' and .to whom the Lord, 'after Hi's resurrection, in ansAvcr to the triple profes sion of eternal love, thrice said with mystical intent, ' Feed My Sheep.' And this, beyond a doubt, the pious shepherd docs even now, and fulfils the charge of his Lord ; strength ening us with his exhortations, and not ceas ing to pray for us that we may be overcome by no teihptation. But if, as wo must be lieve, he every where discharges this affec tionate guardianship to all thepcople of God, how much more will he condescend to grant his help unto us his children, among whom on the sacred couch of his blessed repose he rcsteth in the same flesh in which he ruled. To him, therefore, let us ascribe this anniver sary day of us his servant, and this festival, by whose advocacy we have been thought worthy to share his scat itself, the Grace' of our Lord Jesus Christ helping us in all tiling?, Who livcth and rcigneth with God the Father and the Holy Spirit for ever and ever.' Now if the Roman Church could teach error, there would not, and could not exist any necessity of accepting her .'.teaching, and yet Ireneus proclaims this necessity on ac count of her pre-eminence. According to St. Leo, what Christ was to the Church by his sovereign power, namely, the way,' the truth, and the life, the chief corner stone, the foundation and the rock, the eternal pastor and Bishop of our souls, Peter was by parti cipation. ' Yet thou also art a rock, because by my virtue thou art established, ' so that whatever is mine by sovereign power, is to thee by participation common with me.' And again, according to St. Leo, in the dangci to which all the Apostles were exposed, Christ p( prays especially for Peter as through him cl the other Apostles were to be nourished with d- the wholesome, food of true doctrine and pro- gi served from error.,, In Peter ''the strength of all oj ^s^rotected, ,and the. help of divine grace is sc 'sp'r orclered' that', -the 'Stability which through w 'Christ (,is g'ivenito 'Pe.ter, is corn-eyed to the G 'Apostles.' Aiid in, c'ffc.ct where shall 'we find te now, any other 'apostolic Church which we m may consult .for' guidance ? Alas they have Sj all passed 'away', ,-to'rn asunder by heresy, and '01 ? error, and .fallen from their ancient glory into , - the 'abyss of ignorance and corruption. The fr 'chair of St. jPelor'alonc, amongst all the Apos- CJ ties, by a special privilege, still survives to us w in a long and' unbroken line,'of successors, ;a! pi fact which of itself points out that the custody! ,th 'of. the fai.lhi'ancl the guidance of the Church! re Wove' divinely committed i o that favoured Seej 11 pre-eminently above the rest.' Tn order to' ui manifest unity, St. Cyprian says, Christ estab-' to lished b}y his authority the origin of the same; in unity. ' 'These last words Avhich I have quoted' th 'from the illustrious Bishop of Carthage, are' ca so' appropriate to our argument, that I shall m quote the entire passage. Bu'u before doing pi so I must observe, in' order to understand U] thoroughly the views held by that glorious th martyr and light of the African Church, that &i; the episcopal order is possessed in its fulness withoutthc Apostolate, andthe Apostolate was th possessed in its fulncsswithout Primacy. The si: Primacy indeed includes the, other two, and be yet it is distinct from them. Every Bishop yc is a true successor of the- Apostles, but w the extent of 3iis jurisdiction and mission is or limited. The Bishops do not severally in- w- hcrit the plenitude of the Apostolic poAvers, ar since each receives charge of a special flock, ' ui according to the words of St. Peter, ' Feed cc the flock of God which is among you,' but B: the powers implied in the general commis- 'th sion given to the Apostles are subordinate to th those of the supreme ruler of the Church, ar All the Apostles received from Christ not tli only the episcopal order, but also universal 'sc mission to all nations, 'As the Father hath er sent me' I -also send you.' These universal ,b( powers wore not conferred on other Bishops, cl but were given to each and all the Apostles in for the purpose of founding the Church, ik They wore however to be exercised in union ,U with', and subordination to the higher office &i; and authority conferred, by Christ on St. 'ai Peter. Hence we can - easily discover in fc i what respects the Apostles were equal to oi Peter, and in what he was superior to them, w ,They wore equal in the powers of theEpisco- C ,patc, as also in those of the Apostolate. They tc jwere inferior to him only in the Primacy, cl ?Christ conferred on him singly, what they 'P afterwards received collectively with him and tl ,in dependence on him. He was moreover fc charged with the supreme government of the ol entire Church, and so the Apostles themselves u: vwcre entrusted to his care. He alone was p: the shepherd of the fold, he alone the rock, on which they, as well as other Christians w wore built, he was the Prince of the Apostles, si their chief and head, and this Primacy of y honour and of jurisdiction, became by the ir ordinance of Christ an essential part of the d Church, and the crown and completion of its T entire government. St. Cyprian, in his writ- o: ing? and especially in his treatise on the tl unity of the Church, represents this Primacy n of St. Peter and of the Roman Church as the a: principle and means of establishing, prescrv- b ing, and cementing unity in the Church. Do- ci ploring Ihc evils of heresy and schism, he tl says : s' 'This comes to pass, beloved brethren, is because recourse is not had to the source of a truth, and the head is not sought after, and h the doctrine of the Heavenly Teacher is not h regarded. If any one consider and examine c these things, there is no need of a lengthy s treatise and of arguments. The proof of s faith is easy and compendious, because true, o The Lord speaks to Peter : ' I say to thec, that cl thou art Peter, and on this rock I will build s My Church, and the gates of hell shall not j prevail against it. And to thee I will give t the keys of the kingdom of heaven : and i: whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth, shall bo c bound also.iin heaven : and whatsoever thou 1 shalt loose on earth, shall be loosed also in 1 heaven.' And again He says to him after s His ressuroction : ' Feed My sheep.' ' Upon i that one individual He builds His Church, t and to him He commits His sheep to be fed.' i And although, after His resurrection, He i gives to all the apostles equal power, and ^ says : ' As the Father hath sent Mo, I .also s send you. Receive ye the Holy Ghost: ( whose sins you shall forgive, they shall be \ forgiven them, whose sins you shall retain, i they shall be retained ;' yet, in order to mani- 1 'fest unity, He establishes, by His authority, s the origin of the same unity, which begins i from one. Even the other apostles were - certainly what Peter was, being endowed ' with equal participation of honor and power ; : but the beginning proceeds from unity, ' and the primacy is given to Peter', that the : Church of Christ may be shown to be ? one, jand ' the chair one.' AH ai;c pastors, and the flock is shown to bo one which is fed by the apostles, with one accord, that the Church of .God may be shown to be one. This, one, Church the Holy Ghost also designates, ?speaking in the ' person of our Lord in the Canticle of Canticles. 'My dove is one, My jrfect one, she is one for her mother, the losen one who bore her.' Does he who )cs not hold the unity of the Church, ima ne that he holds the faith? Does he who ;^ jposes and resists the Church, — 'who do- ^' srts the chair of Peter, on whom the Church -''' as founded, — presume that he is in the birch, whilst the blessed apostle,, Paul aches this same thing, and shows thesacra ent of unity, saying: 'One body and. one pirit, one hope of your vocation, one Lord, lo faith, one baptism, one God? ' ' This early Father of the Church, who so cquently styles Peter the rock on which the Imrch was built and the one Apostle on horn unity was established, proclaims the .?aises of the Roman Church, which he calls lo place of Peter, the Principal Church, .the -ot and matrix, of the Catholic Church, ebuking the schismatics of. his day for their icanonical proceedings, .and for attempting ' deceive Pope Cornelius, he uses the follow g words.: — 'A false bishop having been ordained 'for Lcm by heretics, they venture to set sail, and trry letters from schismatical and' -profane en to the CHAIR of PETER, and to the PRINICIPAL CHURCH, WHENCE SACERDOTAL UNITY has ARISEN ; nor do they reflect that icy arc Romans whose faith is extolled by the )ostlc, to whom perfidy can have no access. Again, in a letter to Anthony, he identifies lo Pope with the whole Church, 'you de re me to forward your epistle to Cornelius, icausc you wish to satisfy His Holiness that )u live in communion with him, that is, ith the Catholic Church.' Now this unity l which St. Cyprian insists so earnestly ould be a mere phantom, unless the central id connecting authority be admitted. The lion of local churches in the one faith be mi.es impossible unless there bo a chief ishop, recognised by his colleagues, as icir leader and organ to declare withi au :ority in the name of all, and for the guid ico of all, the common faith. By this means .e general tradition can be collected, prc Tved, and transmitted. The Bishops of the itire Church may gather around their chief, ;aring witness to the faith of their respective lurches, and comparing it with the unfail g tradition of Peter, may condemn the )velties and inventions of human pride, nion of charity between churches discor mt in faith is simply a delusion, and, at best, i expression of sympathy for the errors of their llow- men. There cannotbe one church with it unity of government, and this cannot be ithout a ruler. As there is one God, one hrist, one Church, one faith, so, according \- St. Ireneus and St. Cyprian, there is one ? lair founded by the voice of the Lord on cter. From him unity, began, in his chair ic principle and means of unity perseveres ir all time, and the same necessity which oliges us to recognise one' Church, compels s to acknowledge and revere one pastor, one riest, one judge in the place of Christ. But this will appear still more manifest, if 0 cast a glance at what is taking place out 'do the Catholic Church. Some twenty ears ago a Minister of the established Church. 1 England, and many who thought with him denied the necessity and efficacy of baptism, tho highest tribunal in the land was called into give judgment, and with an inconsistency, that scandalised the world, those who ad mitted, and those who denied the necessity and the efficacy of the regenerating waters of baptism, were allowed to dwell in the Angli can communion. Again a high dignitary of that same Church in one of our distant colonies shocked the Christian world by his rational istic teaching., He was one of their Bishops, champion of the Protestant Faith, one who had bound himself to stand by every tenet of his Church, and had devoted many years of careful study to the scripture, and who secmed to possess special acquirements and special talents for biblical criticism. I refer, of course, to Bishop Colenso, who calmly and deliberately wrote a book upon the Scripture, sending out that book to the whole world, perfectly astounding - all earnest . and thoughtful Protestants, and proclaiming in that work that there were parts tf the Sacred. Scripture, which ho did not )clicvc to be the word of God. And we all enow how, the authors of the famous Es iays and Reviews went even .further and were lot ashamed to profess their ojtinion, that . here are many parts of the sacred volume, lot the inspired word of God at all. Well night the, learned Archbishop of Westminster rvrite the following words : 'It is a mournful sight, and one to make men wise, to sec tho Uhurch of England, which rose up as a re former of the Church of God, confounded atthe tvork of his own .hands. It .rebelled against the living church as the interpreter of holy scripture, and its children as denying the in spiration of the, sacred books.. . The Scripture jvas affirmed to .be the foundation, et ( super Lane potram— the Church of. England pro fessed to build itself. ' But it is precisely, the ^Scripture which ? has been ruined under its feet. Its own clergy, its, own bishops, pro tected by its ,own tribunals, are now denying the inspiration and intrinsic credibility of a large part of the sacred books.' Under such tircumstances.we need. not be surprised that, tossed about by,, oycry, wind of doctrine, and having no sure, beacon to guide them, some of the leaders, and champions of tho Anglican communion held pernicious doctrines, and even permitted polygamy, as Dr. Coleuso did allow on the African coast of Natal, after Laving consulted Dr. Whatoly, the late Pro testant Archbishop of Dublin, on the subject. And this same Dr.-Whately is the great light, who is to give a scriptural education, and to enlighten the rising generation, both Catholic and Protestant, of New South 'Wales, by means of his books which were compiled, as he himself assures us, for the avowed purpose of undermining the Catholic Religion. The Primacy, my dear brethren, not only concerns the foundation of the Chtirch, but. its preservation and unity for all ages, and therefore' could never cease'; else we, should have those jarring elements of discord and disxinion, wlii ch characterise; all the sects out side the Catholic communion. ,-r The safety of the edifice depends onritsj'foundation1, the life;: of tlie tree on its roots, 'tlie fulness of the' stream ,on- , its ;Spurce.o.r,.Ajifi:,edifice,. whose foundation is bad will, certainly; .fall, a tree whose roots arc diseased-will never bear -good fruit, if water is poisoned -at'its source, the stream will; also be the'sariie. St. Peter and his successors were therefore .constituted ? for ever the vicars 'of 'Christ. ' Chris' t still rules his Church, but he does so through the succes'soi's of Peter,, and the apostles were associated with Peter in establishing and governing the Church, but they we subordi-; nate.to.him as the representative of Christ. They were also to judge the twelve tribes of Israel.. -These are privileges in. which they were all equal, and the Church.in her liturgy, on their, feast, honours and venerates .them;; as her rulers in union with Blessed Peter. She beseeches God, in the Preface -of the Apostles, that — ' He, the eternal Pastor, will not desert his flock,. but that through his blessed, apostles He will defend it with, his. continual] protection. That- it may be go- % verned by the same, rulers, whom ;as vicars of, thy work, thovi. hast .employed; .as',, pastors to preside over the sarnie.' St. Paul also tells us that we are built ;,upon- the ^.foundation of the: Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ, him- 1 self being the chief corner-stone. J It is from his .union with; this.'. corner- stone that- . St. , .Peter 'is what he is. As he was associated with our 'Lord oh earth in the. payment pfjtho tribute/ ' Take that arid-give'; it to them !for jine and ,.thee, so was , he as7; sociated with' ''Christ, 'as /,'tliei rock ' on which the Church was built.' ' :'Qur. .Lord, in deed, is not only .the foundation,. r but the founder ? of his CltTLircla, which he purchased with his most precious blood,-,and ^established upon Peter byr his , own -power. ; All that Peter and others are,; they are, not in their ' own strength', but in the power' of Chnst. Christ stands alone,' buthedisperiseVhis gifts as He will and- where [He will. His word is powci% and wheii he naniecl Sihipii' the. rock, He made him. what lie 'named him. :; When, raising, on him the structure; of. the : Church, against, which '.the .gates ; of, hell, were never to prevail, he bestowed oni him an inalienable union with himself, as the one foundation of that Church, and as' that Church was to be composed of successive generations of men, so after Peter had : followed' his: -Lord and Master, both in his cross and in . his glory, it was to be founded on the Successors of Peter, imperishable arid invincible in its basis and in its structure. . ''' ' ? Again, observe, the power of the keys .is not promised, to the Church,, biit ibo Peter. It is .through Peter that the keys of the king dom of heaven come to the Church, through him they continue with the Church, and, be yond the limits assigned by Peter and his successors, theirrpower does not extend. ' If, then, : this great j-rineiple of unity, as propounded by St. Cyprian 'arid Leo the Great, must be admitted, it, clearly follows; that the doctrine declaring the [Roman Pon tiff' to be infallible when teaching- the Tlniver sal Church, cannot be new. And here I must observe that while St. Leo was deeply impressed with the high prerogatives of his : office, no Bishop seemed to deny his state ments or to question his views. ? On the contrary, the Fathers of 4th - General Council of Chalceclon style 'him the ' Sue-; cessor of Peter, their head, the foundation of the orthodox faith and the (Ecumenical Bis hop,' while Rome is called the head of all . the churches, and raised above, them, not by any synodal decree, but by the Evangelical . voice of our Lord and Savkrar. They say :; ' Our mouth was filled with gladness and our tongue with joy: grace has fitted this proj)hccy to us, by whom the restoration of piety has been accomplished.' For what : ban be higher matter of concern for joy than the Faith?, or motive for brighter pleasure than the knowledge of the Lord, which the Savi our Himself delivered unto us from above for our salvation, when He said; 'Go ye, and make disciples all nations, baptis-; ing them in the name of the Father, and of the: Son; and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you/. This knowledge descend ing to us like a golden chain from the com mand of Him who established it, thou has kept throughout, 'being set forth to all men as the interpreter of the voice of the blessed Peter, and drawing upon all the blessing of his faith. Whence we also, enjoying the ad vantage of thee as our leader unto good, have exhibited the inheritance of the truth to the children! of the Church, not teaching each by himself iri a corner, but making known the confession of the Faith with one Spirit, with one accord and agreement.' ' ' . 'Finally, by their cleeds more eloquent than words, they give a proof of their filial sub mission by leaving to him the confirmation of the Acts of the Council. 'We have left, they say, the whole force of the Acts to you that you may approve of us ; confirming and assenting to what. we have done. ? '. While in the East, the Bishops unani mously recognized the authority and the infallible teaching of the; Roman Pontiffs, it would be superfluous :to appeal;' to t.the; testi mony of the Western Churches/ '^rhich re ceived the faith . from ' Rome,, and looked ' tip to: her as 'fond children.tpi'iheirmotiieis'^:.,, I cannot, however,, forbear f:quoting: -the - words of. the. great. Irishman, .Saint, Colum banus, who, in the 6th .century, illustrated ?France, Switzerland,; {ancl ; Italy (jby [hisTpro ' found learning' and apostolic labours. He has left on re cord 'a noble i. Testimony ~; to '? hi s; own faithirand'th'atr6f his countrymen, in the ?infallible teaching of- the :i Popes. ; He writes thus ! to Holy 'Father y Pope Boniface, IV:£ ;.'' For we: Irish 'are': disciples of !'Sslv Peter and; Pdulr arid ? ^of ;^ll;v.'tiie divinely-' inspired, :'caii6riicalf;'; writers,' ;fadheririg .. .constantly.; to! the' ' 'evange^tiaiyAandp /'appstolical ' doc trine. ;,,, Amongst^ .us neither, .jew,.- here-' ?tic, or schismatic can' be 'found; but the j Catholic faith entire and' .unshaken,' precisely as; we have . received' it from you, who are the Siiccessorsiof ; the Apostles. For, as I have' already, said,' we are attached to the Chair of* Peter,'; and ; although ! llome is great !arid rpnownedv'y'et' with:ius it is great and ?rclist-': \- tiriguished only ; on 'account of the Apostolic ' chair'.;' Through jthe;twp ; Ap'ostles^of Cliris|; '. you- are almost .celestial^ arid Rome : is the , head' of 'the Churches ' pf .the world.' , , In his r letters,' he ^saysj .that the,. P.ope.s; are; , ';ith.eir , i Lords 'and Fathers in Christ/.' ;Prelates.,deai]r to i all the;.'- Faithful,' v/fithe^rPastors-i^f Pastors, the !, first Pastors' set' ! higher than all mortals,' ' the irioskbeautiful Heads of all the Churches of- the, whole :of 'Europe,' ' ,' the Princes idf the leaders;' '-tlieir Fathers' fand immediate patrons,'; 'the steersmen. and pilots of the'1 spiritual vessel,''1'' no'oiie is to discuss with! Rpmc/'; ' the :PoritifFs give the' bread; pf ^dbcrtrine to ' those who; seek it,'' /' witli tJieiivisVth'e 'living water springuigaip,'': '?' the Irish, are, bpurid.to the chair of ?Peter,' ' theylia-e the servants, scholars, and children of the Popes.' ''Rome is the principal seat of , authority and the head of {the:Churches of all the WOlid.' ? ^'-;:y- ;j '. ?? ; :-.- r'r .v Truly, then* was it ; stated:: by the Cardinal ' Archbishop' of Dublin, iii his : reply to1 the address- presented1 to him,1 ' at' the close of: the '4th Public Sessiori' of the Yatican i Corinc.il by- ;'the Ai'chbishdps'1 and Bishops, rep'resenta'tiVcs; of . ;'the . ;lmh ., , race, .who 1 congratulated hini' 'on ' liis, noble.' defence of the rights of the Holy See and the tradition, of the Iri sli- Chxirch thereon, that the doctrine . . of Papal Infallibility ',,' was ;;. always held- in; Ireland from thedays, of St. Patrick to the Synod of Thurles, and every good Irish Ca tholic would' be- grievously scandalized, 'were1 any one to assert that the Pope could teach heresy to the Church; or that the . Suprenie ' Pastor could give poison instead of wholesome1 food to the flock of Christ.' . . ? ^: This doctrine, then, is not .new, ,'m^the' Church, and; cannot be new, and. precisely because it is the ancient doctrine laid; down in Scripture, taught by .the Fathers and General Councils of the Church, that in this: age it has: been, proclaimed with greater 1 solemnity. 'For,' as the Fathers 'of the Vatican Council observe, 'the Holy ^Spirit was not promised to the; successors of Peter, that under ; His revelation ' they might niake known new doctrines, but , that , under His assistance they 'might scrupulously keep arid faithfully 'expound -.the revelation or deposit of faith delivered through the Apostles.' And now, my dear brethren, having written at such length on the great; privilege of infambility , conferred -.. by heaven on the Roman Pontiffs for the benefit of mankind, lit becomes my duty to solicit your prayers for the personal safety pf the Spvereign Pon tiff, who now rules tlic chair of Peter: I ask not your prayei;s that; his faith may never fail, that favour .'was ' asked indre than eighteen hundred years ago, by his divine Master; who being ^' heard for his reverence' secured that 'privilege . to; Pester and his! su'c-. cessors, in order that l'|^ityy'.!migh'1;J:'b,epre served in his Chrirbh, buf; I:ask you tp: Jp6ur fourth/' your supplications in the .saine; spirit in which the early Christians i ofTered them, when St. Peter was cast into prison.,, The present glorious, Pontiff has been deprived of the small remnant of his 'dominions, and: left at the mercy pf 'unprincipled rulers, and the promoters of anarchy and revolution who have broken the most sacred engagements, and set aside the most ? solemn treaties, whose perverse principles have brought misery and desolation on 'noble France, and the terrors of war on the fairest regions of the world. May God in his- mercy put an end to the destructive war which is now being carried on in Europe, and restore peace and happi ness to the nations'.of the earth, and may the ever Immaculate Virgin, by her powerful in tercession, guard the Vicar of Christ from the hands of his enemies. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with vou all. Amen. -f- JAMES, Bishop of Maitland. Maitland, Feast of the Immaculate Concep ion, 1870. 