. Cnntsptitentt. V. ST. PATRICK.— No. 5. ; (To the Editor of the Protestant St andardi). : Sir, — As intimated in No. 4, the next matter for consideration is Patrick's rule of faith ; aided to which will be found a slight sketch of the early history of the Irish Church which will conclude the matter now under examination ; hut first : "What was Patricks Rule op Faith ?" The Protestant rule , is clearly expressed in the words of the Prophet Isaiah, viii. 20, (Douay version), " To the law and to the testimony, and if they speak not according to this Word, they shall not have the . morning light." The Romish rule is also well known. In the Creed of Pope Pius IV., Scripture is but coldly " admitted" . while tradition is " most steadfastly embraced." Does Patrick anywhere throughout his writings condemn the sentiment, that the " reading of the Sacred Scriptures is for all?" Does lie anywhere allege that the universal diffusion and perusal of the Word of God was " injurious to the prac tice of his church ?" Does he send us to human authority, or to the mazes of tra dition, for security against " divers modes of error ?" Hear his own reply to these inquiries. In liis treatise on the " Abuses of the Age," Patrick thus speaks : — "The twelfth kind of abuse is, that the people are without law — who, while they despise the Word of God and the precepts of his law, run by divers modes of error, into the same snare of destruc tion. They indeed travel along these paths of perdition, whereas the one royal road — tamely, the law of God, which turns neither to the right hand nor to the left, is by disuse deserted." Nor was this Patrick's rule only — it was also that of the Irish Church in her early days. Witness— Columbanus, an Irishman of world-wide reputation. Writing to the clergy of France, A.D., 602, he defines his rule of faith : — " These are our canons — the command ments of the Lord and the Apostles — in these is our faith ; these are our arms, our shield, our sword ; these our defence ; in these we desire and pray that we may persevere until death, as we have seen our elders do before us. Again, the same Irishman, writing to Pope Boniface IV., speaks thus : — ' " We arc disciples of St. Peter, and St. Paul, and of all the disciples, who wrote, by the Holy Ghost, the divine canon ; thorough Irishmen are we —inhabi tants of the very ends of the earth — but, however, men that receive nothing beyond the teaching of evangelists and apostles." The venerable Rede, also, writing of the same period, of Irish Church History, says : — " They diligently practised such works of piety and chastity as they could learn from the prophetical, evangelical, and apostolical writings." Such were the doctrines, such the re ligion, of Patrick and the early Irish Church, identically the same as those now professed and held by, tho Protestant Church of Ireland. We will now briefly show that the national church continued independent of Rome, as in doctrine, so in praotice , until the latter part of the twelfth century, selecting one or two historical facts as mere examples of the kind of proof at hand by which our position may be main tained. , . First, then, in the days of Columbanus, A.D., 605, the Romish " Archbishop of. Britain,'.' Laurentius, successor of Augus tine, began (as Bede inform us), to "ex ercise his pastoral solicitude over the Scots , (the ancient name/for the Irish) who inhabibitthe island of Ireland " This solicitude was kindled in the breast of Laurentius, in consequence of it coming to his knowledge that " the course of life and profession of the Irish Christians was by no means ecclesiastical in many points.'' To urge them to " unity of peace and conformity with the Church" of Rome, he wrote a letter to the Irish clergy, in which he mentions that "Dagan (an Irish;Bishop)i' homing to iih, hbt'ohly re- fused to eat with us, but even, to take his repast, in the same house .where we. were entertained.". . Thus, the Romish Archbishop, Lau rentius, found the Irisli . Church at unity with Rome— but so much disunited, that a bishop of the Irish. Church refused, to hold even social , intercourse with . a bishop of the Church of Rome,, and this in/the beginning of the seventh century !. Better than half, a century after; this, the Irish Church disputed with the Ro mish Church, as to the time of keeping Easter : vide Rede. In a. controversy respecting the." three chapters" whioh was hotly disputed about the middle of the sixth century, the Irish Church pronounced an opinion opposed to that of the Church of Rome., Cardinal Baronius relates the circum stance as follows :— " By the malice of the evil spirit it happened that the Irish Church, having suffered /shipwreck by her not following the barh of Peter, opposed the holy Catholic Church, for all the bishops which were in Ireland rose up unanimously, with most ardent zeal, in defence of the three chapters, and when they heard that the Church of Rome had adopted the condemnation of the three chapters, they added this further impiety, that they separated themselves from the same; and in this state they continued a very long time, pitying us as wanderers from the straight path of the faith." Now, here are undeniable facts, adduced from the writings of Baronius and Bede, and yet, we are gravely told that the Irish; Church was always devoted to Rome ! " Let us now ask (writes Dr. Cullen), what is there that would indi cate the existence of anything' like Pror testantism , in . the ancient Church of Ire land ? No ; our forefathers received their faith through Patrick from the apostolic source, and they were ALWAYS distinr guished for an. undying devotion to the centre of unity— the chair of Peter ! . Since, then, Ireland's independence of. Rome, in her best and plainest days, is a fact. capable of such lucid proof, how came it that the people of Ireland became, in later times, engulphed in Papal supersti tion? The beginning of Ireland's sorrows can he traced to the middle of the tenth cen tury, when the Danes, who, upwards of a century before, had iDavaded Ireland, and had succeeded in establishing themselves in different portions of the country, be came imbued with Christian notions, and; declared themselves willing .to renounco Paganism and adopt the religion of Jesus. As; might be expected, there was never any friendly feeling existing betweon the invaders and the invaded. Hence the Danes, declining to adopt the Irish form of Christianity, established a rival Church in communion with the See of Canter bury, which was then in communion with the Church of Rome. " A little leaven leaventh the whole lump." So it proved with respect /to Irish Christianity— not all at once, however, as though the Irish could be easily driven from their cherished faith, but gradually and by slow degrees — so gradually that it took Two Hun dred and Twenty; Four years to bring the Irish nation . beneath the slavish yoke of Rome. Nor would this consummation have been effected even then but for the un happy prevalence of civil war, and the combined intrigue ef the ambitious Henry and two avaricious Popes. Not until the /year 1106 was the FIRST Papal legate appointed for Ire land; in the person of Gilbert, the Danish Bishop; of Limerick. A. few years later — a.d , 1127 — Mala- chy, Roman . Catholic Archbishop of Armagh (the first Irishman canonized at Rome), by his strenuous exertions greatly promoted the growth of Romish claims in Ireland ; his biographer, St. Bernard thus speaks of him - "He (Malacby) pZanfed the apostolical enactments and decrees of the holy Fathers, and especially THE sages OF THE Ilol,Y Roman church, the most wholesome use of confession, the sacrament of confirmation, the contract of marriage — all which this people before were ignorant of or did neg lect. Malachu instituted de novo." A Member of the Church of England. 