OPENING OP iTHE CECUMENICAI, COUNCIL. The (Ecumenical Council wa£ opened on December 8. Amid the ringing of the bells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in the pity and salvoes of artillery from the castle of Sant$Angelo and Mount Aventine,the pro? cession formed in the Uppgr Atrium of the Vatican, descended the 2Sp$la IJuegia, and passed through the Lover Atrium into tlie Cathedral. Regular andsecular clergy were ranged on either side, and die procession con sisted of six Archbishop- Princes, 49 Cardin -: als, 11 Patriarchs, 680 Archbishops and Bishops, 28 Abbots, and 39 Generals of re ligious orderai In all about 800 epplesi^tics preceded the Pope, who was carried into tbe Cathedral in the gegtatorial chair. His Holi ness first knelt some time before the Sacra ment» and the Assembly then took their places in, tbg Council-hall in seven rows. After, mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, tl^e Archbishop of Iconium pronounc ed the inaugural discourse. The Pope, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave his benediction, the cere mony: being carried out in exact accordance withtbe State programme. The tribunes of the Cqupcil-hall. were occupied. by. the sov ereigns iind princes present in Home, the members of the diplomatic body* Generals , Dumorit and $£anzler, and the Koman and foreign nobility. The Council-Hall pre I sented a most splendid and imposing- ap pearance. After giving the benediction the Pope received the homage of the mezpbers of | the Council. The appointed prayers follow ed, and the Pope three times invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Conncil, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being sung by the | choristers. Persons not members of the as sembly, tben quited the hail. The Prelates j I approved the decree opening the Conncil,' the Te~ Peqin followed, and' the ceremony | terminated.. The impress of Austria was I present in the gallery set apart for foreign j Sovereigns. The weather was very bad. On Deed the Pope read to the members assem bled a short homily, in which he said that it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on theappointed day, andto see the Bishops assembled in greater numbers than ever. They bad come to teach all men the voice of God, and to judge with the Pope under tbe auspices of the Holy Spirit on the errors of human science, The Church, was stronger than Heaven itself; and now was tbe time to consider what remedies were ef ficacious against the present evils. The Bishogs should strive with him to secure peacetulness in the-monasteries, order in the Church, and discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and the Holy J^ngels. The fourth sitting of the General Congregation was to be held Qn Decembet 28. After the elec tion of the committee appointed to consider the questions relating to religious orders, the assembly will probably enter upon the dis cussion of certain proposals regarding dog mas of faith, Duelling is among the subjects announcedfor discussion by the Oecumeni cal Council. Tie debate will be opened by the Bishop of Pjrivas. Among other matters of speculation connected with the Roman Catholip. Council it has become a question, not merely .what these reverend seigniors will say (ifthey are to say anything), but how they - will say it. Latin, of course, is supposed to be the officiattongue, but at a little rehearsal held the other day they came to signal grief at once on the question of con cocting the address to his Holiness in answer -more ^parlamentico-to bis speech from the Chair, for' it was found that all the Latin available did not suffice for a common con versation. few American bishops propos ed to substitute French, and things went on smoothly for a few minutes in the tongue of the Galileans, when the Bishop of Beggio protested against the profanation. Matters of the Cliurch could only be treated in Latin, he said, the Vulgate being written in that holy tongue, and some one even suggested Christ and the Apostles, as having spoken in that, tongue. And so the Latin debate was resumed by the few who bad mastered the language to a speakable degree. The others sat in silence, but 'when it came to signing the address, they did sign it all like men. The following are the names of those who form the committee on Anglican Orders in tiie Vatican Council:-Cardinals Heisarch and Cullen, the Archbishop of Baltimore, with Drg . Manning and IJUathorne. Had Dr Newman been in Rome, he would have beep asked to act as. their secretary. 