MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY'S ENTERTAINMENT. The third public entertainment of the mem bers of the Maryborough Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society, consisting of readings, recitations, and musical pieces, took place on Wednesday evening, April 27th, in the Wes V .til V. IJ U: CU. J-i-UUILiLUU-b l.l CUL. iliUUU lauguter and amusement was created during the even ing, by the judicious interspersion of several readings of a humorous character. As far as we are able to judge, the general verdict was to the effect that, on the whole, the members of the Society acquitted themselves welL The readings were much above the average, and re flected credit upon all connected with the association. The choir, although laboring under the disadvantage of a paucity of bass voices, did extremely well, and their painstak ing observance of time, melody, and expression elicited frequent applause. A flauto daet was so sweetly rendered as to call forth an encore, wliPVPunnn nlrJ RrwM-.ich oir rkf +V10 « *R1nza Bells ' was substituted. The proceedings com menced with prayer, followed by an address from the Rev. C. Wiles, President of the Society, and we append a short summary of the performances, and the names of those who took part in them. The prologue was delivered by Mr. Todd. Au anthem, ' Behold bow good aud joyful,' by the Choir. Mr. W. J. Spencer read ' Surprises.' Mr. G. Martin read ' The Retort.' An Easter Anthem, by the Choir, followed. Mr. Trevethan read ' Aurelia's Un fortunate Young Man.' This is a piece, by the way, which appeared as a quotation in our co- - lumns some time back. Mr. Robert Jones saag a sacred song from the 'Messiah,' 'But Thou didst not leave.' Mr. R. Marsh read Jane Taylor's 'Discontented Pendulum.' Messrs. J. Hutchinson and E. Negus then discoursed ' O Lovely Peace' upon their flutes. Mr. Todd read Thomas Hood's inimitable ' True Story.' Mr. H. Hutchinson recited ' Hohenlinden.' Mr. Jones then sung a solo, 'The Cry of the Wounded Soul.' Mr. Hodgson recited *' The Fakenham Ghost and Mr. E. J. Hobson read a part of J. B. Gough's oration on ' Habit.' Mr. Trevethan gave Mrs. Caudle on 'Cold mutton ; and the choir sang an anthem, 'Hail Judcea.' Mr. Todd then read Tennyson's ' May Queen and Mr. Hutchinson recited 'The Court without Appeal,' a piece taken from an old number of Household Words. Mr. Todd read Stevens on 'Law.' An anthem then followed, by the choir, ' I was glad;' and the evening's proceedings closed in the usual ' manner with the Doxology. Judging from the hearty and continuous applause of those present, and our own impressions, the enter tainment appears to have given unmingled satisfaction and pleasure. 