ST. HENRY' THE MARTYR. ? «? ? Mr. Houry Parkes is the moat unfortunate man alive. 'His whole career has been one of bitterness, persecution, and unmerited huffermg. He is everlastingly appealing to our pity, and showing uk his miseries. Can it bu all true. ? la society— moral, commercial, and political— en- waged' in a continuous conspiracy against a man of great ability, of some publie service, and, until recently, of high public position ? Is the world so horribly cruel, that it occasionally picks out some man, anil by tacit and universal con aCJUU ilULluO JIJLJif 1 U UO Uiui v*w«vu) .-.»« ? jj- ? to the pack ? Mr. Punch thinks not. The world is a tolerably fair world ; and in the main treat3 a man pretty much as he deserves. In a very recent work, written by no less a person than one who is practically the private secretary of the Queen, a capital story is told of one who knew the world very well. It is this. Lord Melbourne was asked what his experi- i ence of mankind as a prime minister had taught I him to think about men 1 ' Oh !' said Lord Melbourne, 'they are d— d good fellowa iu the main, deuced vaiu you know ; you can never get ( at the bottom of their vanity, hut capital fellows in all other respects.' Mr. Parkes's melancholy , experience would appear to be exactly the re verse. And yet Mr. Punch thinks Mr. Parkes has no fair ground of complaint. Mr. Parkes has been the hero or the victim of two stupendous com mercial failures. His friends have been nurae rous, arid have given the most pathetic evidence of their friendship. He has had enormous sums of money from all kinds of sources. He has heen constantly in the Legislature of the country, ex cept when the country was paying handsomely to keep him out of it. He has drawu thousands of Dounds from the publie Treasury as Ambas sador in London, as Chief Secretary here— and yet he has all along been persecuted^ When, three years ago, he made some thumping state ments at Kiama, which distracted the whole country, and from the effects of which we are even now suffering, and when he was called upon to substantiate these statements and failed, he complained of persecution, and howled for sympathy. Then Mr. Punch conceived it to be his duty to point out that Mr. Parkes was not the proper object for sympathy ; that it was the country that should be sympa thized with. Mr. Parkes, however, was successful enough to get a number of gentlemen, out of sympathy, to declare that black was white ; to swear to a ghost ; to take their oath about tbe existence of half a regiment of special constables of which the Inspector- General of Police had never heard, and which Mr. Parkes himself ad mitted never existed. There is no man in the ...,«u ,,,un Una rmh an mnr-V» mil*, nf fr.hft svmnatihv of mankind as Mr. Parkes. He is no genius, and yet he gets gold out of pockets from which a starving Chatterton, or a dying Deniehy would not get a copper. The Sydney Morning Herald— which, as a wholly unsympathetic and exclusively commer cial institution, naturally hates irregular pro ceedings—has got tired of Mr. Parkes, and this day week gave its opiuion to him pretty strongly, but fairly. We can understand its commer cial managers looking on Mr. Parkes' list of creditors and looking amazed at the names. It to the perilous fascirationa of such a debtor. Money-making Scotchmen, without a particle of euthusiasm for Mr. Parkes's poetry | or . principles, bled as freely as Uhlans or Turcos. Old country gentlemen cut the golden fleeces from their sheeps' backs, and sent them in bales to Parkes. District Court Judges of doubtful tenure of office, sent down their con tributions. No wonder the Herald felt alarmed. Lst this kind of thing go on, and who is left to j support the Herald 1 And so the gallant old paper dashes to the front, and compels Mr. Parkes to unveil himself. He does, and again he iavokes popular sympathy ; and again he will be returned for Kiama ; and again he will sit, and flourish, and sustaiu the same horrible perse cution to which he has been so long subjected. Sicut erat in principio et nunc, etc. — Sydney Punch, December 16. Resignation of the City Engineer . — The various unpleasant rumours which latterly . have gained much credence in the city, res- | pecting the overpayment to a contractor, ' named Peck of £2000 on account of certain ' improvements which the City Council ordered j to be made in Moore Park are now confirmed. | This contract, for the levelling of certain j mounds of sand, said to contain 347,000 1 cubic yards, and the filling in therewith, of the lower portions of the park was let to ' Peck for the lump sum of £6770. Though Peck had not executed two-thirds of the whole work, three months ago, he had re ceived the total amount of the contract price less the small sxxni of £450 still in the City Treasurer's hands, and finding such to be the case, clever Peck made a good retreat. Alderman M'Tntosh hearing of the stoppage of the work, brought the matter before the Council, and a committee of the Aldermen was thereon appointed to investigate the matter. ? They obtained the services of Mr. G-rundy, C. E., who examined with Mr. Bell, City Engineer, the unfinished portions of Peck's contract, and his estimate, admitted to be correct, is that one-third of the contract is unfinished, and that £2500 will be required to complete it. The committee thereon recommended Mr. Boll's suspension.' Mr. Bell on Wednesday resigned, and he, in a letter to the Empire, maintains that it was uever his duty to measure up works, that he always had two assistants — one for the field and the other in the office for that purpose, until Mr. Kenny dismissed one and kept the other on works, not contracts, or else he was away on sick leave. Pretty state of things, truly ! 