LOCAL AND_GENERAL. NEW WESLEYAN . CHURCH IN YASS. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. Yesterday nftornoon,- at four o'clock, the coro- mony of laying tho foundation stone of a new Wosloyan Church took place. Tho day was fino hut intensely sultry, owinsr to which the number of spoctators was not so numerous as might have boon expected on so interesting an occasion. Tho site solected for tho now building is tho vacant land nt the upper ond of Rossi-stroot, adjoining Mr. Kemp's cottage, on the north-eastern corner of which pieco of ground it is intonded to eroct it. Tho plans for tho new church have been pro- pared by Mr. Rowe, of Sydnoy. It will be built of red brick, with cut stono quoins, and will ac commodate two hundred persons. Abo vo the north eastern nnglo of tho siteoftho building, tho Union Jack had beon hoisted to the scadold polo which '-a- '-"-'-ij iaoh.it, /or lowering and raising tho massive lump of squared freostone, which in all duo form was to bo laid as tho foundation stono of tho second Wosloyan Church built in Yass — that of the first church in Aleohnn- stroot, having boon laid by Mr. Roes Jonos, on 23rd Juno, 1858. A littlo after four o'clock, tho proceedings woro commcncod by tho Rov. Mr. Pincombo, who gavo out tho 620th hymn, beginning " Rohold tho sure foundation stono, Which God in Sion lays," Ac. j A very eloquent prayer was then offered up by tho Rev. John Gibson (Presbyterian), nearly all standing uncovered. Tho Rev. Mr. Curnow then road the 84th psalm ; after which ho nddrossod tho moeting at somo length. Ho wished to say a fow words beforo his friond Mr. Davios laid tho foundation stone. It was a perfectly nat ural quostion to- ask what they had all that day met to do. Well, thoy had mot to lay a stono, an action in itsolf prosaic enough, but an action which possessed a divino pootry for thoir hearts. Somo, looking at tho quostion, might doom tho laying of tho stone a calamity ; ho for his part could only rognrd it ns a blessing. Tho timo was pnst when Wesloyans ncodod to defend such nn action as that of laying tho foundation stono of a chapel. No polito apology oven was now requisite. Thank God tho timo had arrived when tlioy could stand ns they thon stood, to do this thing. Wesloyanism did not ondoavour in trying to set itsolf up to put any one olso down. It had unfortunately so happonod that tho Wosloyan body in Yass had mot with ealnmitios in tho matter of thoir first church, but bocauso they had boon unfortunnto they did not wish that othors might bo so as well. Tho primary object of their assembling together was not to get money. Not that Wesloyans pretended thoy could do without money. Thoy did not affect any Cheap John system, no maukish sentiinontality about despis ing money, bocauso thoy boliovod that Christians should honour tho Lord with their substance. There was ono thing that Wesleynnism did stand by and beliovo in. And that one thing was the grand old thing, tho Biblo. Somo said that Wosleyans, when it was a quostion of whether John Wosloy or tho Biblo was right, always took Wosloy. But Wosleynns did not take Wesliey in that way. When human opinion, or occlosia'stical authority, or popular literature, or John Wosloy himself, camo into opposition with tho Bible, why thoy took tho Bible and throw all olso over. Sometimes Wosleyans agroed with some of tho sermons of John Wosloy, not bocauso thoy sup posed them to bo tho whole truth and nothing but tho truth, but because they believed them to come near to tho mooning of God's Word. But if they saw that John Wesley's views on any matter wore not square with the oracles of Jehovah thoy gave John. Wosloy the go-by. New South Wales was a free country, and- he contended that Wosleyans had a perfoct right to proclaim tho Gospel truths as thoy understood thorn. Tho true Church was not composed of tho members of sects as sects, but of men who lived according to Now Testament rulos. Wherever a spiritually living congregation had ministers, those ministers wexo the ministers of Jesus Christ. Ho bolioved in npostolic succes sion according to Bishop Jowell's definition of it — the succession of men marked as apostolic by tho possession of faith and holinoss. Wes loyanism was entitled to a footing in Yass ,on the ground that towns woro tho bettor for Wesloyanism. Drunkards became sober ; blas phemous men right round Christian men ; and tho bad, good, under its influence. On the gronnd also that tho Wesloyan was the largest voluntary Church it had a claim. Enemies of Wesloyanism had often twitted its members with suffering undor the disoase of softness of the brain. But Wosleyans did much to sup port learning. In Tasmania, South Australia, Victoria, and Now South Walos, they had colleges which university examinations had proved to be first clasB. Wesloyans also pro moted literature, ns their dopdts in tho cbiof towns of tho colonies woro oviaonco of. Anothor thing which Wesleynnism might take prniso to itsolf for, and that was thnt it had all along stood out nobly for thoooporntion of the laity with tho clergy. It, as a religious system, insisted thnt all professing mombers should do something, -because it boliovod that pioty and work were necossary, tho ono to tho othor. Wosleynn ministers owod a debt to class leaders thnt no outsidor could over understand, and if local proachors woro done nway with, why Wesloyanism might ns woll bo done away with too. All ho could say wns, oducnto the proachors, . koop thorn up to tho timos, nud thoro was nothing to fear. In a moral, ns in a physical sonso, tho prophet's action should bn imitated. It was nocossnry to throw tho whole living body of faith and love upon tho groat dead body of tho world, if wo hoped for good. Not churchos, not ministers, not learning, not oloquonco, but holy livos were in dood and in truth roul Chris tianity. (Loud applause.) Ho would concludo by introducing Mr. Davios to tho mooting — (Cheers) — and calling upon him to lay tho foundation stono. Mr. Davios, having first boon presented by tho Rov. Mr. Pincombo with a small silver trowel, said : In tho cavity beneath this stono I am about to lay this bottlo which contains a copy of tho Yass Courier, and a manuscript with tho'namos of tho ministers of tho district and circuit and of tho oflico boarors. It is hardly necossary for ino to say that thoro is no coin in tho bottlo. I liavo hoard of foundation stonos being removed to extract tho coin laid thoro, but in tho present day n bettor principle is adopted, and that is not to place tho coin undor tho stone but on it. (Laughter). Tho stono was thon lowered into its position, and Mr. Davios said : — This corner stono of a building to bo erected for tho worship of God according to tho tonots of Wesleynnism I lay in tho nnmooftho Fathor, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, ono God. Mr. Davios thon addrosssd the nssomblngo. Ho said it would bo unpardonable for him to koop thorn long undor tho broiling heat, but ho could not rofrain from oxprossing his deep sonso of thankfulness to tho minister and oflicc-nonrors of tho Yass circuit for tho distinguished honor thoy had dono him in selecting him to lay tho fourdation stono of thoir now church. It was not liowovcr tho first timo that ho had boon soloctod for such an honor, for ho had on moro than ono occasion laid tho foundation stonos of building, erected for tho worship of God, and also of others intended to promoto socular education. As tho present members of a committoo represented that committoo, so ho darod say that thoso who were listening to hitn might fairly bo sup- posod to represent tho Christianity of Yass. And iio also bolioved that thoy had not mot together out of a moro spirit of idlo curiosity, but to promoto an object tending to tho common good and to sympathise with Wesloyanism. He had recently heard it statod that commorco always followed tho British flag. Ho was glad to seo the Union Jack ubovo him, because it was tho flag of a country which moro than any other had over had in viow tho oxtonsion of Christianity. If it was truo that commerce followed tho flag of Britain, ho could moro safely say thnt all that is prosperous follows tho blood-stained banner of Jesus. Ho would concludo his remarks by urging thoso prosont to liborality. Ho would promise thorn this, that if anyouo should ever find himself worso off by a contribution given that day, ho would himself make up tho loss; or if anyone on his doath-bed was nfllictod in con science with tho rocolloctionofcontributions made that day, ho would himself ropny tho amount to that person's heirs or executors. Ho was euro none woro so poor as to bo unablo to contribute nt all, and thoro could bo but fow who woro un willing, towards an object having for its aim the preaching of the Gospol of tho Lord Jesus Christ. inppiuusu. ) In a fow minutes, £50 was laid upon tho Btono. A Doxology having boon sung, and tho benediction pronounced by tho Rov. Mr. Piti- nnml-10. the OSHOmMnfjo cliopoi-aod. tea meeting. At sovon o'clock, a largo number of thc.so interested in the success of tho Wosloyan causo met in tho hall of the Mechanics'. Institute, which had boon gaily decorated for the occasion. Aftor tho good things provided by tho ladies connected with tho Wosloyan congregation hnd boon enjoy- ably discussed, a hymn sung, and a prayer delivered by tho Rev. Mr. Stead, Mr. Davios was voted into tho chair. Tho Chairman said ho had great pleasure in moeting so many friends in tho'noble hall of tho Yass Mechanics' Institnto. Although all prosont woro not Wosleyans, ho yet thought it would not bo impertinence for him to givo somo slight sketch of Wosloyan progress sinco 1855. In 1855 thor / were in Australia 19,000 members of tho Wosloyan Methodist body ; 83,000 hearers ; 878 churches; 110 ministors ; 429 Sunday schools, and 19,6-13 Sunday scholars. In 1869 thoro wore 55,000 mombors ; 164,000 hourcrs ; 2128 churchos; 298 ministers; 1876 Sunday schools, and 19,643 Sunday scholars. Ho con sidered thoso facts wore eminontly satisfactory. Ho felt certain that ono church never grow at tho oxpenso of anothor, but that cooperation was benoficinl. IIo would earnestly beg his young frionds to nttend. to tho dovolopment of then- physical, mental, and moral powers, to improve thoir minds and take care of thoir hoarts. And on all, ho would impress tho valuo of work, unanimous work, as tho host moans for furthering tho prospority of soc-ioty. All should unito to helped to liborato mind and heart. Tho llov. Mr. Stoad said that if thoro wns no unity there could bo no power, and if no power, no prospority. Ho oavnestly rocom- mondod conscientious and systorantic gi\ (iigas a sure means of raising tho funds necessary0 for enrrying on thoir work. Tho Rov. Mr. Gibson hnd much pleasure in mooting his Wesleyun friends. He was always glad to show his sympathy with tho views ol those who, in common with himself, acknowledged tho vital principles of Gospol truth. Tho Rov. Mr. Robsou said that ho hnd onco considered that tho Yass Wesloyans were possessed of the graco of humility, owing to thoir having selected tho lowost part of the town for thoir church. Ho now could soo that thoy had tho graces of faith and courage as woll, whon thoy ventured into dobt to build n now ono. He hopod that the church would, in design, bo worthy not only of Yass now, but of that future period whon Yass shall havo eclipsed Goulburn. (Laughtor.) Tho Rev. Mr. Curnow Baid that ho did not like to hoar young ministors talk of thoir church as tho only possible truo one. Ho would not like to say that his wife was tho boautifullost of all women in tho world, though objectively ho con sidered sho would pass muster. But ho hold that sho was the best for him. So ho concoivod should pooplo think of their church. As ho was addressing a mixed audionco, ho would remind thorn of a Quaker who conscientiously refused to subscribe towards tho building of n now Episcopal stooplo, but who was quite willing to subscribe to tho pulling of tho old ono down ; so as some of his hearers might objoct to contribute to tho collection about to bo mado for the build- 'ing of tho now church, he would givo thorn tho hint that contributions towards pulling tho old church down would be equally acceptable. (Applause.) A collection was thon mado, realising, as wo aro given to understand, about £20. Aftor the usual votes of thanks, &c.;, the moot ing terminatod. Petition against the Return op Mr. H. Dean fortiie. Hastings'. — A petition against tho return of Mr. Horace Dean for the Hastings wns on Monday presented to tho Governor by Mr. R. B. Smitb, tho candidate who stood noxt on tho poll for that electorate. Tho petitioner states t)iat ho is enabled to prove that Mr. Dpan is an uion ; and that at tho timo of his oloction ho hold, or was collusively connected with tho holding of, an office of profit undor tho Crown, 