our municipal election. To the Editor of the Toowoomba Chroniete. Sir — I soo wo are shortly to b&vo; another contest for seats in our local Parlianfent. Rumour is busy with bor hundred tongues on tbo chances of success for old aud new com petitors. A little fresh blood can do us no result in somo good. Of course, our local ' mcmbor of Parliament, though a representative in the Big Houso, will try to get a seat in our local one too. Well, if he wero not quite so impetuous aod fiery as wo ocoaBtonaUy ffnd- hira, and would discern his friends from bis foes, and take care of them when be has got them, no one would have a ghost of a ohanco against him. Ho is ono of those local necessi ties of tho times, so vory porscvering, and so knowing likewise, from his long experienco, that ono ean hardly in earnest wish to couut upon his being out in tbo cold. Tbero would be very little fun without him, and though bo does swallow up a largo portion of your columns in speechifying, still you must not "rudgo it, for, as the Scotchman would ssy, " he's a useful wee littlo bodio." I bear that it was intended to bring out against hira a cor- Jjiain ex-alderman, long laid up in lavender, but ho is too good a judgo to ho led on and mado a laughing-stock of. He would have about as much chance to lick him in tho race as & baa dicoot ogaiost a kangaroo. Another ex Alder man, vice tbo " Little Big roan," ia likely to walk over tho course unopposed. Well, no wonder. Barring, a weo bit too much of tho bump of self-esteem, bo has a very good noddle for a local representative, and deserves to sit again at the Council board, to which, aftor hia exile, he will return a wiser and still better man. Tbo noted contractor seems to raako sure of his scat again, and his friends certainly stick to him liko mortar to bricks. Tbo now candidates— Free Solcotor, the Bonifaco of tho IIouso of Letters, and the. Boss of tbo monster storo not far from tho White Horse— arc all spoken of as good nags, but some doubt their coming to tho starting-post. I can prophecy, however, that " Free Selector" will bo there when tho bell rings, and if ho should got a good start, and his trainors and backers tako core to keep a fair courso, ho will give his competitors hard work to keop up with him. Bat, lor 1 there is no telling bow the raco may finish— thoro aro so many defaulters on tho lists that whon all the nags corao to the scratch, somo of them will have to . cry " 'cavy" for want of entrances. SPHINX. 