CHARLES DICKENS. (Fiom " Men of the Age" A series of biographies of eminent personages writen expressly for Town and Country. Am ^ng the most attractive writers of fiction in the Victori in era of English literature, Charle» Dickens occupies a high place. Indeed, taking f h•• extent tr which his writings am circulated t r >ugh the wjrld as the test of po; ula itf, it may ue said that he is second to none in the power to win the attention and applause of the million ; and as his imagination has all along been enlisted in the service of humanity, he deserves to be a favourite. He was born at Landport, a suburb of Portsmouth in Hampshire, England, in 1812. Hi B father, Mr John Dicken?,had a.situation in the Pay Department of the Navy,and being pensioned off" at the conclusion 'of the war with France he became a Parliamentary reporter. His son Charles was placed as a clerk in ac attorney's office ; hut as he had more inclination for literary effort than for the business of the office, and soon, proved himself capable of composition that save promise of creditable attainment, he was offered a position on the True Sun. Thence he went to the Morning Chronicle on which he was engaged under Mr .iohn Black. Soon after the c mmencement of hi* engagement as a reporter on that paper, he wrote for it " Sketches of English life, by Boz." The first of these appeared in the year 1836, and at once gained for " Boz," a wide spread popularity. And, of course, the favourable reception he met with stimulated him to new efforts. ' Boz" was distinguished by the boldness with which he introduced upon the pages of fiction phases of English life that had been generally regarde up to that time as lying outside the fields of romance. Whilst showing by some of his delineations that he bad not given up his own refinement be brought upon the scene illustrations of coarse and brutal character relieved with striking examples of pure and gentle, human natare. About this time he wrote a comic opera the Village Coquettes.. Soon afterwards he was engaged by Chipman and Hall to write a serial in monthly parts to be illustrated by Seymour. He gave to this new story the title of" Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick i lub." The publishers, knowing tbe talent oi Seymour, Beem to have engaged Boz to perform a secondary part in the production of a work rich in fun and ingenuity. But it was soon evident that the letter press was more attractive than even the sketches of the talented rrlist. From the notion of a club, who mimicked and caricatured the manners of mem' bers of Parliament, this story soon passed into a regular narrative of the adventures of Mr Pickwick, a most amiable and eccentric old bachelor. The scenes and characters of this story have become familiar in every social circle through the countries where the English language is spoken. Sam Weller, the elder, with his common sense philosophy and dread of " widders Sam Weller, the younger, with his loyalty to bis good master and bonest buoyant heart—both thoroughly English—poor Mrs Bardell with her embarrassing susceptibilities and ridiculous pathos —and brow-beating Sergeant Buz^uz, will long live in the imagination of generations of English readers. These Pickwick Papers were not only a great commercial success, but the introductien to a new era in literature. The every day life of the middle and lower classes, described with accuracy and vigour, was made the chief interest in imaginary history ; and other talented writers soon took up the same class of subjects. In 1838 the real name of the writer who had become popular as "Boz" was published to tbe world. Meanwhile Bentley had, in 1837, engaged Dickens to conduct his " Miscellany," and in 1837 appeared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist." As a repertory of humour, and an embodiment of high spirits, Dickens has produced nothing which surpasses his first noted production, the " Pickwick Papers." But in " Oliver Twist," and other tales, he has shown a nobler purpose, and a more varied talent. He has proved his power in the regionB of the pathetic to be equal to that which be had exhibited in the comic. "Oliver Twist" was the first tale in which Dickens made the assertion of the claims of philanthropy on behalf of the down-trodden children of want the main object of hiB pen, in which pathos predominates over the ludicrous. In following his youtbful hero through the persecutions of a parish work-house, and the haunts of the lawless and dissipated classes in London, the author not only charms the reader by the B. ivelty of his delineations of life,but calls forth the deep sympathies of the heart. Having visited one of the cheap boarding schools in the wolds of Yorkshire, and seen the inhumanity practised on the unfortunate children consigned by their parents to the care of miserly, unfeeling schoolmasters and housekeepers, Dickens introduced into his next taie, Nicholas Nickleby, a description of the cruelties of *' Do-the-boys Hall." This tale comprehends a larger variety of character than those which preceded it. A fine spirited youth and his charming sister meet on their way through the world villainous lawyers, poor but good-hearted clerks, dissipated noblemen and their sycophants, victims of the miserly schoolmaster's cruelty and true friends. The publication of this tale bad some good effect in checking tho evil against which it was directed ; but the operation of such efforts in first awakening atte ntion to abominable cruelties r quire? to be followed up by a long continued education of public feeling, up to the point at which outrazes on humanity will be effectually irowned down. At present, it is to be feared there is many a " Dothe-boys Hall" in existence. Dickens's pointed rebuke of some of the iniquities of the wealthy provoked against him some hostility ; be was charged with misrepresentation and exaggeration. If these complaints had any effect upon him, it was not by any means to induce him to retract what he believed from observation to be true representations, but to stir him ap to render impartial justice by attacking successively the wrong-doings of many classes. In his " Hard Times" he again, st a later period, pleaded tbe cause of the poor againBt those who took advantage of their necessities to grind them to the du<t. The next production of his pen was a series entitled "Master Humphrey's Clock, - 'comprising two tales, " The Old Curiosity thop,"and "Bar- naby Rudge." In tbe first of these he showed that ths conception of "Oliver Twiel" bad not exhausted his capacity for original and touching sketches of child life- " Little Nelly" is almost unmatched as a personification of childhood's affection and simplicity. " Barnaby Kudje" has more of an historical character than any other of his tales, being taken from the times of Lord George Gordon and tbe " No Popery" riots. Having gone thus far out of the region of fiction, the author went still further in the same direction, and published a work from which fiction was altogether excluded, though in the narrative of facts he found scope for word-painting. This was the " Memorials of Joseph Grimaldi," a man whose life presented just that combination of the comic and pathetic in the delineation of which Dickens most excelled. " The Tale of Two Cities," another tale with something ol historic air, appeared at a subsequent time. But Dickens spoke more effectually to tbe world, because more fully in the exercise of his own true function, when he wrote a series of tales for the winter holidays and fireside family meeting —" the Christmas Carol, " " The Chimes,'' the " Cricket on the Hearth," " The Battle of Life and " The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain. " These Christmas visitors have been welcomed to thousands of happy homes, to give new animation to merriment, and so netimes a deeper zest to affection and good resolution. Meanwhile. Dickens had become a traveller, visiting several of the States of America, and making his observations on tile manners and morals of the American people. On his return in 1842. he published " American Notes for general circulation." Whether he had taken his cue from' Sam Slick,' or whether two British subjects, one a judge, from the province of Canada, and the other a literary man from the mother country— came from independent observation to similar conclusions 8B to the faults and foibles of brother Jonathan, it is certain that Dickens's criticisms cut as keenly as those of Judge Haliburton. The Americans were greatly annoyed at the pictures presented to the world of their social life for general circulation in England and the world. A storm of indignation burst forth in the press of the United States against tbe spy who had partaken of their hospitality, and then from his safe retreat in England issued forth his stinging cari- catures. The passion however soon subsided, and did not hinder Americans from relishing the humourous and touching productions that issued from the inventive brain of their critic- Long before his second visit to America, all feelings of resentment had died away. In 1844 he published'' Martin Chuzilewit," the last of his productions in which humour predominates. The same year he. "Waited Italy, and wrote descriptions of what he there observed, which appeared afterwards in the Daily News. This London journal was started on the 1st January, 1846, and Dickens who had a hand in the originating of tiie project, was appointed to the post of its first editor. His " Pictures of Italy" formed a very interesting feature of the paper. He did not, however, long continue in the officer of editor. Politics did not seem to be a congenial sphere. He doubtless found more agreeable occupation in writing'' Dombey and Son," and when it began to be whispered by some critics, that his powers were on the decline he produced a tale that is acknowledged to be equal, and by some considered to be superior, to any of his former works— "David Copperfield." Certainly in the power of exciting the human sympathies this tale is inferior to none.. Nor did this exhaust his imaginative powers, In quick, succession it was followed by "Agner," "Bleak House," "Hard Times," "Little Dornt," "A Tale of Two Cities" "The Uncommercial Traveller," and " Great Expectations." In all his tales there is the playful humour, more or less displayed on the surface, with occasional appeals to the emotional part of human nature, and a back-ground of earnest purpose, either the exposure of shams, or tbe ti-aring away of tbe hypocrite's garb, or the ^condemnation of villany, or the plea for commisseration on behalf of the suffering and helpless. In 1850 he commenced a course of literary labors of a different kind, by the publication of Household Words,—a weekly journal comprising information on matters of useiul and ornamental art, practical science, history, curiosities of antiquity. and almost every topic that appeals to the reason or the imagination, enlivened by tales and poetry. Compared with his former works, this journal indicates that with advancing years, the author has felt an increasing desire to contribute solid benefits to the sum of human happiness, by diffusing information calculated to engage the thoughts on important subjects. This publication wa* continued until 1859, when its place was supplied by All the Year Kound," in which Dickens still continues to furnish thousands of readers with a multiform variety of mental food. In 1861 he began " Our Mutual Friend," a more artistic novel than his earlier tales, but one that lacks the freshness of genius which won for him the ear of the multitude. While as an individual writer thus largely contributing to the literature of the day Dickens has shown a generous publie spirit in the advancement of the interests of h ; s colleagues in the ranks of polite learning, tie was one of the founders of the Guild of Literature, and has been an active promoter of the Royal Literary Fund. He has also been a generous friend many artists and authorfe. It is a matter for regret to have to refer to the fact that one distinguished by such amiable traits should have missed that home happiness which he has often well depicted. But Mr Dickens^bimself has thought it due to all concerned, to inform the world oi the nature of his domestic troubles, and it is, therefore, no imper tiuent intrusion to note the fact that, in con' sequence of '* incompatibility' found to be insuperable, he has deemed it nece sary to provide a separate establishment for Mrs. DickenB, and has done this on a scale that would be generous for one much more rich than he is. The world of readers can hardly believe that the fault lies on the side of their favourite author. The man who has made us all love Oliver Twist," " Little Nelly," the " Brothers Cheeryble," and Sate Nickleby," and detest cruelty and selfishness, cannot be one without heart, or one that would willingly cast a shade of gloom over his own home circle. ID 1868 he once more visited America ; and received wherever be went a most enthusiastic ovation. He publicly acknowledged that his former representations of American life had been based on imperfect information; and that all future editions of the " Ame ican Noter" should have a fly leaf bearing this confession- His past errors, in the face of this acknowledgment were freely pardoned by the people who have left themselves to be grievously libelled by that production , and the reconciliation was cordial. Long may Mr. Charles Dickens live to instruct and amuse a circle of readers wider than almost any author has ever succeeded in interesting by thirty years' successive productions. RATHER MEAN !—Mark Twain produces one of the most striking cases of meanness on record. He says he knows ofj an incorporated society which hired a man to blast a rock, and he was punching powder in a hole with a crowbar, when a premature explosion followed, sending the man and crowbar out of sight. Both came down all right ; and the man went to work'promptly. Bnt though he was gone only fifteea minutes, they docked him for lost time. 