AUSTRALASIAN INSURANCE COMPANY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. ! Sir, Without intending to keep up any ; further correspondence with your share re- I porter, I think it behoves me to make one or I two remarks on a portion of his letter in to ! day's Argus, which is calculated, if not intended, to mislead. Your reporter draws special attention to the item of outstanding debts due by the company which, by the way, comprises mainly reinsurances not be due to other companies-whilst agents' balances and debts due to the company he passes by without stating the amount i (£23,177), with an observation conveying the i impression that they are not worth the paper ! they are written on that is presuming, as he states, " that all balances and debts due to the company were collected as far as was possible on 31st December. The fact being that agents' balances are never collected until after the close of each month, when they at 1 once become a good and realisable asset and the debts due to the company consist of bills , receivable, convertible into cash at any time. Your reporter will find items corresponding with those I have alluded to in most balance sheets. Your reporter may have no animosity against the company, but certainly his re, marks would show that he has not much friendship for it Yours obediently. J. M. PRATT. April 12. A traveller has informed the Gipps Land Mercury that a few evenings ago the fungi at the butts of the trees were quite luminous with the phosphorus supposed to be imparted to them during the late electrical disturbances. Since the appearance of the aurora Australis a few evenings ago, the presence of electricity has been marked, so much so that it is said surveyors have not been able to rely upon their instruments as usual. AN officer of the Legion of Honour recently died in France, and an official funeral was ordered. The man-servant undertook to place the corpse in the leaden coffin. At the interment orations were delivered and a volley fired. It was afterwards discovered that the servant had got drunk, neglected his duty, and that the corpse had been left behind in a bed. AFTER sentence of death had been pronounced against Tropmnnn not less than 3.825 letters addressed to him were stopped at the Paris post offices The majority of the v. rivers implored him to disclose the name of his accoiirjii¡CCBi whilst others wrote to exhort him to make his peace with God before he died. 