A Living Enoch Arden. A resident of St. Louis -writes to Thc Democrat of that city a singular story of the battle of Chicka niauga. It was suggested by witnessing tho play of Enoch Ardon. Ho says : A sergeant in my regiment was wounded at Chicka mauga, and was reported dead. Ho was seon to foll in the heat of tho engagement, and om- lines being pushed back, tho body was not recovered until next day. "When tho poor follow was found he was BO . mutilated by being trampled on by the cavalry that ; his faco could not be recognized. A comrade, however, found in his broast pockot a miniature of his wife and sent it to her with an account of hiB ' death. It turned out that the body was not that of Tom C-, but a sorgcant of another company. Tom, desperately wounded, foil into tho hands of the enemy and was sent to Andersonville, where the Rebel surgeon cut of one of his arms and one of his legs, and, in spite of his bad fare, he recovered in duo time. I never knew why they kept Tom so long in prison, oxcept it was for tho pur- . pose of exchanging him for a sound man. When poor Tom retirrncd to his home iii Pennsyl vania nobody in tho village knew him. His wife had removed to Illinois with her parents more than a year previously. Without making himself known to any of his old acquaintances in the village, Tom ; started for Illinois to hunt for his wife. When he arrived in the neighbourhood where she was living, ho learned that she was married to an old friend of his, who had followed hor from Pennsylvania. His first impulse was to mako himself known to her, and , claim her as his own ; but when ho saw the snug oabin in whioh she was living, and heard how kindly she was treated by her husband, he changed his mind. " Suppose I go and claim her," he said to himself, " how can I support her ? What can I do for her, with only ono arm and one leg, and a body weakened by months of suffering at Andersonville f No ; she is happy and contented, and thinks mo dead, andi will not destroy her happinessandbecomoa burden to her." Tom acted upon this resolution, and worked his way to New York, whero he set up a small business as a kerb-stone merchant, selling nuts and cakes, and soda water, and getting along prosperously. Ho soon made money enough to buy an artificial leg, .and after a while got a , patent arm made, and to see him walking along the street, you would not suppose that he was but little moro than half a man. Ho was a good busi ness man, and in tho course of a yoar enlarged bin stock in trado, and opened a regular retail grocery. He made money fast, and became a prosperous mer chant, respected by all who knew him. In his pros^ perity he nover forgot hiB wife, and always cherished a hope that sho would be rostered to him. He was a regular subscriber to tho village paper published at the town near which his wife liv»d, and road it with great interest. One day he saw in thiB paper the announcement of tho death of the man who had married his wife. Ho lost no time in starting for Illinios. Ho found his wife in deep mourning for her lato husband, and she had added another infan tile link to tho family circlo. Tom made liimsolf lenown to her, and was rejoiced to find that sho still loved him as fondly as over. It was somo timo before ho could convince her that ho was not a ghost roturncd from tho other world. In ordor to mako tilings suro tho parson was culled in, and Tom and his wife woro marriod o vor again. Thoy went to Now York, where thoy aro stifl living in a brown-stono front, ¡ts happy a couple ¡us you will find in Gotham. Of course, thoy do not toll everybody about their family matters,' but you cnn rely upon this story us strict!v true. Tho ending is rathor botter Hain that of Enoch Arden, mid 1 think Adams would do a good thing if ho would depart from tho version of Tennyson, and in tho lust act get Philip Ray ground up in his own mill-accidentally, cf course-mako poor Enoch slop in and onjoy tho wifo and tho fortune loft boliind. " What about tho picture of Tom's wifo, (bund in tho pocket of tho dead soldier?" "Oh, I forgot about that. Tom says that when ho was wounded and loft upon tho field, a slrnggbu' carno al- ng, and ho stopped him. Suppesíng lio would blood to death, ho gavo tho picture to the straggler, with a message for his wifo. Tho rebel cavalry madu a charge soon afta-, and killed the struggler, with tho picture of Tom's wife bi bi« bosom, and carried Tom off to Andorsonville. That account* lor the picture being found, and causing ovnryhody lo believe that Tom was killoe!.' 