BRISBANE DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane commenced its Annual Session yesterday. Morn- ing prayers was said at St. John's Church at 8 a.m.; Litany and celebrating Holy Communion followed at 11 o'clock. The offertory, £1 17s. 6d. was in aid of Synod expenses. Members of Synod met for transaction of business at 9 p.m., in the Metropolitan District Court House, Queen-street, which had been kindly granted for the purpose by His Honor Mr. Judge Sheppard. The President took the chair at a quarter past 4, and opened the proceedings with the usual prayers. The Archdeacon called the roll of the clerical and lay members. The following are the names of those who were present Revs. J. Sutton, T. Jones, James Matthews, W. T. Harte, D. A. Court, J. R. Moffatt, J. Mosely, and Archdeacon Glennie; Messrs. E. B. L. Hitchins, F. O. Bryant, J. R. Dickson, H. O'Reilly, Martin, S. Grimley, T. Harlin, Colonel Gray, R. G. Suter, R. E. G. Johnson, W. T. Blakeney, C. Coxen, G. R. Harding, Hon. J. Bramston, T. H. Paige, Halloran, and His Honor Judge Lutwyche. The Synodsmen who had taken their seats for the first time then signed the declaration that they were communicant members. ELECTION OF SECRETARIES. The President said the next business was the election of a day and of a clerical secretary. The former office was rendered vacant by the departure of Mr. Short for Melbourne, and the latter by the receipt of a letter from the Rev. Mr. Matthews, resigning the one in consequence of the labor interfering very considerably with the proper performance of his parochial duties. His Lordship said he had previously expressed a fear that the work would be too severe for the clerical secretary, and that he would not be able to continue it. He was sure the members felt thoroughly the value of Mr. Matthews' official connection with the Synod, and he hoped that after the election of a lay secretary who would under I uke a fair share of the work, Mr. Matthews would be inclined to withdraw his resignation. He would take that opportunity of impressing on the members of the Synod the importance of at once expressing their opinion as to the advisability of postponing any measure which would be brought before them as being premature By doing so a great deal of valuable time might be saved. Considerable time was spent last session in debating on matters which were afterwards shelved. He mentioned this bccaUBO many clergymen could not attend during the whole session, in consequence of the requirements of their congregations, some of whom had made complaints on the subject. He therefore recommended that the work should be con- densed as much as possible, and if it was convenient to meet more frequently, each day, he would be glad to do so, in order to save the time of the clergymen in the country districts. In answer to His Lordship, the Rev. Mr. Matthews said that, after the election of the lay secretary, he would be in a position to say Whether he would withdraw his resignation. On the motion of the Rev. J. Sutton, seconded by Mr. W. T. Blakeney, Mr. S. Grimley was unanimously elected lay secretary. The Rev. Mr. Matthews then said he had had a conversation with Mr. Grimley, on hearing that he was likely to be proposed, and as that gentleman had promised to undertake a fair share of the work, he would withdraw his resignation for the present. (Hear, hear.) PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The President then read the following address :? My Reverend Brethren and my Brethren of the Lady, It is with feelings of deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of all good that I meet you at the opening of this the Second Session of our Second Synod, to again take counsel with you with a view to the ordering and well-governing of the Church in this diocese. Since the close of our last session, several chances have taken place in the constituent members of our body by the resignation of some of the lay members of our Synod and the departure of others from the colony ; and I cannot allow this occasion to pass without a brief tribute of affectionate regard and respect (in which I am sure that the members of the Synod and of the Church in this diocese will truly sympathise with me) for the victory of one of our clerical brethren who, in the infinite order- ings of Divine wisdom, has thus early been taken from us. It was in August, 1867, that the Rev. Mr. Betting, who had previously been admitted by me whilst in England to the Diaconate, joined us at Brisbane ; and scarcely two and a half years had elapsed from his entrance upon the active duties of the ministry, when it seemed good to our Heavenly Father to call him from his labor unto his rest. In the pastoral district of Warwick, where the first few months of his ministerial life were spent; in the populous and important town of Rockhampton, which I had hoped might for many years have had the advantage of his single minded and untiring devotion to the service of our Heavenly Master, and in the comparatively quiet town of Gladstone, where he had gone with a hope, if it had been God's will, of recruiting his shattered health, and where in the home of a kind and sympathising friend the few last weeks of his valuable life were spent, the memory of our dear friend will long be held in affectionate regard, whilst his sorrowing widow, who is now on the eve of her departure for her native land, will carry with her the affectionate sympathy of those who had learnt to value her excellent husband, and who, truly sympathising with her in this her deep affliction, you weep not for the dead thus early called from his labor to his rest, but for the loss to the Church of services so full of the fairest promise, and for the sorrow of those who are left to mourn the loss of one so justly valued and so truly loved. In the report of the Diocesan Council, which will be laid before you, you will see, my reverend brethren and my brethren of the laity, that, during the present session of our Synod, many subjects of deep importance to the welfare of the Church in this diocese will claim, as I am sure that they will receive, your patient and careful attention. There will be laid before you, for your consideration, the draft of a model Trust Deed, which has been very carefully prepared, with a view to securing the property of the Church in this colony, together with a form of conveyance for incorporating the trusts, A draft canon, for regulating the election of synodsmen, in amendment of the Electoral Canon passed by the first Synod in its session of 1888, has been prepared by a Select Committee of the Diocesan Council, and will be brought before you, You will be invited to consider a draft canon which has been prepared with a view of providing for the formation and division of parishes; and also a canon to provide for the constitution of bonfires and the appointment of clergy and you will be asked to give your very careful attention to the report of a Sub- committee which was appointed by the Diocesan Council to inquire into the desirability or otherwise of repealing what is commonly called Sir Richard Bourke's Act; together with a bill which has been prepared for the purpose of repealing Acts 8 William IV., No. 6, and 21 Victoria, No. 4, and also to incorporate the Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane. Your early attention will, I hope, my bro- three, be directed to the important matter of raising a fund for the general purposes of Church extension in the diocese, and to the necessity of making some provision for meeting thonocossary expenses of the Synod. Those various important matters will be more fully set before you in the report of the Dio- cosan Council and the draft canons, which, together with that report, will be laid before you. But there are some of them upon which I would wish to say a few words to you more in detail. FUND FOR GENERAL CHURCH PURPOSES. If, my reverend brethren and my brethren of the laity, we would desire that the action of the Synod should tend, under God's blessing, to promote the more healthy development of the missionary work of the Church in this extensive diocese, I believe it to be a matter of almost absolute necessity that we should, without further delay, inaugurate some scheme for the formation and establishment of a General Church Extension Fund, which fund can only be provided by the periodical contributions and hearty J bi free-will offerings of the faithful members of the a Church. I cannot say that I altogether regret ) rc that the Diocesan Council was unable to proceed with its circulation of the appeal (copies of which are now laid upon the table), as I believe that that appeal will go forth with greater force to the members of the Church in the diocese if it is known that it has been carefully considered in and received the sanction of the Synod. If, however, the fund which it is now proposed to raise is not to be considered as merely intended to meet the more immediate necessities of a present emergency, but it is our wish that it should become the permanent and General Church Fund of the diocese, it appears to me that the appeal should itself be more comprehensive in its character, and that the regulations under which the fund is administered should be based upon the principle which has been adopted and so successfully worked out^n the dioceses of Sydney and Newcastle, tfWsljljf should embrace the various objects whidfap/hb Church, as the even gcliserof the people, is bound to undertake, and invite periodical contributions on behalf of all or any of the proposed objects which any of the subscribing members may especially desire to promote It should also, I think, be carefully considered and generally made known whether the fund which it is proposed to raise is to be devoted exclusively to the work of Church extension in the diocese, or whether it is to be considered as available for the printing and other general expenses of the Synod. LAY AGENCY. The subject of lay agency is one of very deep importance, and some of you, my brethren, may remember that in my opening address at the commencement of the last session I said,?" If this valuable assistance is needed for the Church at home, with her admirable parochial system (the result of the pious liberality and foresight of our forefathers in days of old much more is it necessary in our colonies, where the ordained ministers of religion are comparatively few in number, and many of them placed in charge of a pastoral district often larger in territorial extent than some of our English dioceses." It is good, my brethren, to the Church at large ; it is good, I am sure, for our brethren of the laity themselves, that they should be frequently reminded that a way is open to them of usefulness in the Church of God, and of afford- ing much valuable assistance to the ordained ministers of religion; not by consecrating to the service of the Lord their n the only, or their habits of business as churchwardens, or their administrative talent as members of the Synod, but by superintending and teaching in the Sunday school, and especially, where occasion requires, by doing the work of an evangelist in conducting Divine service under the authority of the Bishop and of the clergyman of the district. Such assistance would at the present time be especially valuable in many rural districts within a radius of from five to twenty miles from the city of Brisbane, where the settlers have recently erected (or are contemplating the erection of small rural churches. God may put it into the heart of some pious laymen to desire to offer themselves for the good work of affording the ministrations of our holy religion, (so far as a layman is able to do so to the settlers worshipping in these rural churches. I will here, my brethren, repeat what I said on a former occa- sion,?" The employment of lay agency need not interfere with the due authority of a Divinely commissioned ministry. The faithful layman may, with the sanction of the Bishop, conduct the soul- stirring service of our Book of Common Prayer j he may read and (if found competent to do so) explain the purport of God's written word ; he may, under the direction of the authorised minister, visit the sick and comfort the sad- hearted ; but he cannot administer the sacraments or pronounce with authority the declaration of Divine pardon to those who truly repent and unfeignedly believe the Gospel; he cannot bless in his Divine Master's name, or dismiss with the solemn benediction the congregation among whom he has ministered. And I will now only add, in connection with this deeply important subject, that upon the application of the lay officers of the Church representing the congregation of any rural district, countersigned and sanctioned by the clergyman of the district, or in default of such, by some licensed clergyman of my diocese, I shall be willing, upon their recommendation, to accept and formally sanc- tion the services of any pious and well-qualified layman who may be led to offer himself for this work and labor of Christian love." ENDOWMENT OF PARISHES. I have already said that a canon will be laid before you which has been prepared with the view of providing for the formation and division of parishes j and also, a canon to provide for the constitution of benedicts, and the appointment of clergy. The Church Extension Fund, of which I have already spoken, will, I trust, be able to give very efficient assistance towards the maintenance of clergy in the more sparsely populated and newly-settled districts of the interior; but the enactments of our Synod are intended, not only for the supply of our own immediate necessities, but for providing, so far us we are able to do so, that when we ourselves are called to our account, the ministrations of our holy religion in their fulness and efficiency may be continued to those who shall come after us. I have long been of opinion that in any colonial diocese where it is practicable, a system of partial endowments for the support of the clergy, to be supplemented by the voluntary contributions of the members of the congrega- tion to whom they minister, will be found to be the most desirable and satisfactory expedient ; that to be entirely supported by voluntary contributions places the clergy in a state of unhealthy dependence upon the will of the congregation j whilst, on the other hand, the system of entire endowment is exposed to the danger of rendering the clergy too independent of the affectionate respect and good will of those who are committed to their pastoral supervision. I hope to have the satisfaction of bringing under the control of the Synod, through the provisions of our model Trust Deed, certain portions of land which will, I trust, in due time form the nucleus of an on dowment for several districts of the disease and I am anxious to take this opportunity of impressing upon the members of the Church in general, and of this Synod in particular, the importance of our now endeavoring, whilst land is comparatively of little value, to obtain benefactions of portions of land which may, take the globes of the mother country, hereafter form no unimportant, item in the endowment of the clergy. The timely liberality of a gentleman resident in Sydney, and well known for his readiness to further every good work, has enabled me to procure some eligible portions of land to form, by his desire, the nucleus of a General Endowment Fund, out of which it is hoped that hereafter assistance may be given towards the gradual endowment of newly constituted districts in the diocese. Whilst engaged in the organisation and development of our own branch of the Church Catholic in this colony, we my brethren, can never fail to watch with deep interest the progress of questions which are occupying the careful and anxious attention of the members of the Church at home ; and of these I would at the present time especially instance the Education Bill which is now occupying the attention of the Imperial Parliament, and the reorganisation of the Irish Church, consequent upon its disestablishment and partial dis endowment, and the severance of its connection with the State. Undoubtedly there were grave reasons for the disestablishment of a Church which, being recognised by the State at the religious instructor of the people, you claimed for its members but a small proportion of the population of the sister island and can not but believe that a real or supposed grievance having, by the wisdom of the Imperial Legislature, been removed, true religion will ere long flourish more abundantly in the sister island, by the blessing of Almighty God upon the measures which are being taken for the volume tory reorganisation of that branch of the Catholic Church of Christ, Long, my brethren, may the Church of England continue to be the National Church of our much-loved fatherland j long has she been, as even those who are not of her communion will, I am sure, be ready to acknowledge. the great educator of the children of that land, and year by year she is becoming more and more in reality what she has long been in name the Church of the People. Two great hindrances to her progress have been the unwillingness of the State to allow any extension of her Episcopate, and the almost exclusive occupation by a small portion of the community of those venerable parish churches which should have continued to be? as once they were the heritage of all. The recent restoration of the office of Bishop Suffragan has happily, at least partially, removed one great impediment to her progress and a stumbling block has been taken away which must, sooner or later, have led to her severance from the State. While if the Church in our fatherland should ere long unhappily be disestablished, we have long since learnt from the rapid growth and development of an re-established Church in the United States of North America and-the Colonies of the British Empire, that as the Church was no creation of the State, so her > vitality need not be impaired by her severance from it. Few subjects, my brethren, are of greater ^ importance than the education of our children j -9 and those who have watched with interest the most animated discussions which lately have taken, a? place in the mother country, can scarcely fail to ""I have observed that an overwhelming majority of the people will happily only be satisfied with a system of education which is based upon religion, whilst a very general disapproval has been expressed of the proposal that parents should altogether he relieved of the duty of contributing towards the expense of the education of their children. '-v In this colony, within the last few months, the payment of all foes by the parents of children who are educated in schools assisted by the State has been abolished. I do not doubt the good intentions of the Government in the adop- tion of this policy ; but although it will doubtless, for a time at least, increase the number of children in attendance at our schools, I very much doubt the expediency or necessity for such an alteration. If the addition to the salaries of the teachers in our schools is to be really equal, as it justly should, to the loss they have sustained through the compulsory aboli- tion of the school pence, it will necessitate a very considerable augmentation of the Parliamentary grant for the purposes of education, whilst very few, comparatively speaking, of the parents of children in this colony are, I believe, either unable or unwilling to recognise their natural obligation to provide in some measure for the education of their children; and I can- not but think that if the liberality of Parliament is willing to devote a larger portion of the public revenue to the purposes of education, it would have been a more judicious appropria- tion of an augmented grant,, both to have improved the character of the education given in our Primary Schools, and to have inaugurated some well-considered system for the establishment of boarding- schools in the more sparsely populated districts of the interior, where I grieve to say that a large number of children are permitted to grow up in a state of the most lamentable ignorance, whose parents are utterly unable, without some such assistance to provide for the education of their children, although they would readily contribute towards the salaries of the teachers, if schools were once established. There are other important subjects upon which, my brethren, I should have been glad to have addressed you had time permitted, but I must pass on to say a few words with regard to the progress of Church extension in the diocese during the past year, and I feel that, with deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of all good, we may humbly acknowledge that the material progress during that time has not been unsatisfactory, especially when we bear in mind the state of commercial and financial depression which still continues to press heavily upon the colony. May God of his infinite mercy great that each step in material progress may tend to the quickening and building up of many an awakened soul in our most holy faith. The new church of All Saints, on Wickham terrace, having been opened for Divine service on the 8th of September last, now affords additional accommodation to many who had anxiously desired to worship within us walls, and when I tell you that the offertory, from Easter, 1869, to Easter, 1870 (during a considerable portion of which time the congregation were obliged to meet for Divine worship in the School of Arts), produced no less a sum than £578 6s. 9d., the free-will offering of a congregation which is far from being the wealthiest of those that assemble themselves together within the limits of the municipality, and that subsequently to the passing of the churchwardens' accounts of Easter the police tions each Sunday seem to have steadily in- creased, owing in great measure to the larger number of coins that each Lord's Day are now cast into the place, a proof that a much smaller proportion of the congregation thou heretofore are unwilling to recognise the duty acknowledged in those words of the Royal Psalmist, " All things come of Thee, and of Thine own have we given Theo,"?wo need not, I think, fear that in n Church open to receive all who desire to worship within its walls with a hearty and devotional congregational service, a clergyman active in the diligent observance of that house to house visitation which is one of the most important obligations of the pastoral office, and churchwardens really anxious to discharge that labor of love which appertains to their impor- tant office, that at least in towns of any impor tance a faithful clergy wholly occupied in their high calling good fail to receive such a scale of remuneration aswillonablo them to live without continual anxiety and carefulness a faithful laity acknowledging that it is their duty to set free from anxiety with regard to carnal things those whose high calling it is to administer to them in things spiritual, and desiring that their clergy should not only be able to enjoy the decent proprieties and comforts of their position, but to educate their children, and make some provision against the casualties of life and the infirmities of ago. Those of you, my brethren, who are in the habit of using our Southern and Western Railway will scarcely need to be reminded of the convenient and really handsome church which now greets the eye of the traveller as the train stops of the station at Toowoomba a building creditable alike to the liberality of the inhabitants of that town and neighborhood, and the untiring energy of the clergyman of the district. Whilst the visitor to Brisbane, who is anxious to make himself acquainted with the agricultural capabilities of its neighborhood, is likely in his tour of investigation to visit the farming settlements on the banks of the * river at Oxley Creek, where he can scarcely be fail to be reminded of some of the village church of our native land, when his eye is first arrested by the scanty appearance of the rural church which has with so much pious care been recently erected by the inhabitants of the district. It will, moreover, be interesting to you, my brethren, to know that a church is in course of erection at Port Mackay, which is at present the most northern settlement of the diocese that the handsome stone church which is now being erected at Warwick will, I hope, be open for Divine service in the course of the next months and that the settlers at the Albert River, the Pimpama, and the Bald Hills, have recently been in communication with me with a view to the erection of churches in those districts. Neither can I omit to mention the Church of St. Augustine of Canterbury, which is almost immediately about to be built in the town of Leyburn, and the erection of which will be attended with circumstances of more than ordinary interest, inasmuch as it is the free-will offering to my diocese of the boys of the Endowed School of Uppingham, in the county of i Rutland, at whose cost it will be erected, and who, having thus testified their interest in the progress of the Church in one of the colonies of the British Empire, are now, I understand, about to inaugurate a home mission in one of the poorest and most destitute districts of our native land. The formation of new districts is one, my brethren, of the most satisfactory proofs of the real progress of Church extension, and I am thankful to be able to report the recent forma son of the new district, of Allora, under the pastoral charge of the Rev. Mr. Clayton; whilst must be gratifying to my excellent friend, the archdeacon of this diocese, to know that that 'ge area which had for so many years consul ted his unwieldy pastorate, and within which had happily been permitted to lay the foundation of so many separate congregations, now subdivided into the several parochial [streets of Drayton, Toowoomba, Warwick, [Dalby, Leyburn, and Allora. The several places at which I have held Con motions in the course of the last year were [brisbane, Ipswich, Western Creek, Leyburn, Warwick, Gympie, Maryborough, Gayndah, Dayton, and Toowoomba, and the number admitted by that apostolic rite to the full member lip of the Church was 316. If, my brethren, I am spared to preside over the session of 1871, it is my purpose, pre- datory to the meeting of the Synod, to address circular letter to my reverend brethren the orgy of the diocese, with a view of obtaining formation upon several matters of statistical tail in connection with their parishes, which it very desirable should be laid before the Synod; d I am not without the hope that I may en, God willing, be able to give you some finite information with regard to the forma- n of a new See, to comprise the northern portion of the colony of Queensland, a considerable portion of which is at present included thin the diocese of the Metropolitan Bishop Sydney. I took the opportunity of tho presence of a considerable number of the clergy of the case, during the session of last year, to in e them to a Conference for the purpose of sidering bow, I will not say their labors may be lessened, but their opportunities for old increased by the employment of lay ency in the diocese; and I hope that my lay ether, the Bynodsmon who are present for the purpose of attending our present session, is now allow me to invite them to a con ence upon that very important subject, oh it is proposed shall be held in this amber on Saturday next. Our conference it commence at 11 o'clock, and probably terminate at 1 o'clock. gAnduow, my reverend brethren and my brethren if the laity, thanking you for the patient attention with which you have listened to my ad ,088,1 would " commend you to God and to see Word of His Grace, which is able to build a up and give you an inheritance among all cases that are sanctified," earnestly praying that the blessing of the Holy Ghost the delibera- 18 of our Synod may tend to take away Ira amongst us whatever is likely to hinder division and concord; that "as there is but a body and one spirit, and one hope of our 'being; one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism, e God and Father of us all, so we may henceforth be all of one heart and of one soul, united one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith d charity, and may with one mind and one uth glorify Thee through Jesus Christ our rd." Mr. Blakeney moved, and the Rev. J. MOSELEY seconded, that the thanks of the yard be presented to the President for his address, and that the same be entered on the minutes Carried unanimously. 'I REPORT OF THE DIOCESAN COUNCIL. jj The Secretary laid upon the table the folowing report of the Diocesan Council, together with the various papers alluded to therein :? so] " 1. In presenting their report for the past year, the Diocesan Council have great satisfaction in recording the fact that only one meeting out of seventeen held during the year lapsed for want of a quorum. The register of attendance A appended hereto. " 2. Two vacancies occurred in the Council during the year; one, in consequence of the departure of Mr. Douglas to Europe, and the other by the resignation of Mr. Bernays. The council, in pursuance of the powers granted them in that behalf by clause 7 of the Diocesan Council Canon, appointed Mr. C. Coxen and "T. W. H. Walsh to fill the vacancies, [j "3. The subjects referred by the Synod to the diocesan Council by way of ' instruction iWorc:? 3 " (1.) The desirability or otherwise of petitioning the Legislature to repeal Sir R. Bourke's Act. " (2.) The establishment of a book depository. " (3) The establishment of a Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund. " (4.) Assisting the clergy of out-lying districts in giving attendance at Synod j and a " (5.) Nature and value of property held in trust for Church purposes, j " 4. With reference to the first of these, the (Council have to inform the Synod that they appointed a sub-committee to take the matter into consideration, who brought up a report, which together with the draft bill appended thereto, the Council now beg to lay before the Synod for consideration. Appendix A. '] " 5. The matter of the book depot was referred to a sub-committee for a report thereon, and a plan- was suggested by which the same '''could be established, but no further action has been or can be taken therein by reason of the want of funds. j " G. Whilst the Council acknowledge the importance of the matter, they at the same time regret that they have been unable to take any steps towards the establishment of a Widows' and Orphans' Fund. " 7. A Sub-committee of the Council, to whom was remitted the question as to the best mode of meeting the expenses of the clergy attending the Synod, recommend that the respective parishes provide for the travelling expenses of their clergy and the Council feel assured that members of the Synod will meet with that hospitality which the circumstances require. 8\. The Council found it impracticable to inquire into the nature and value of all properties held in trust for Church purposes. They would, however, draw attention to the fact, that Schedule II. (Return of property, so.) and the balance sheet appended to the report of the Select Committee on diocesan accounts, published in the report of the proceedings of the last session of Synod, contain full accounts of the matters referred to therein. The Council also have to report that the Bishop has laid before them a schedule de- tailing the nature and locality of the properties and securities on which the money contributed for the endowment of the See is invested ; but the Council are of opinion that for obvious reasons it is not desirable to publish such a document. And the Council beg further to report, that it is the Bishop's intention, with the concurrence of the Colonial Bishoprics' Council, so soon as the Synod is in a position to make an arrangement for paying the stipends of the Bishop, to hand over to the Synod such of the securities as they may be willing to receive, and to take himself those which the Synod may seem doubtful or bad, paying to the Synod the capital of these latter in full. 9\. The Select Committees appointed by the Synod to sit during the recess were four in number; on the subjects of Enrolment of Church Members, Preparation of Trust Deed, Amend- ment of Marriage Act, and Education. ', " 10. The last-mentioned committee has met whenever occasion required, but at present it is not thought necessary to bring up any report. (';" ll. Of the others, the committee on the Trust Deed is the only one which has reported, is the result of their labors has been given to members of the Synod in the copies of the draft trust deed and conveyance incorporating the trusts, the originals of which are now laid upon the table. .-. " 12, With respect to the enrolment of Church members, the Council have to report that three if the gentlemen appointed on that committee are no longer members of the Synod. The mover for the Select Committee (who has left the diocese) has sent to the Secretary of the Council a rough draft canon on the subject, and j' the Council beg to recommend to the Synod that the complement of the committee be made up, and the matter remitted to them. a , " 13, A Select Committee of the Council was appointed to consider the provisions of the Electoral Canon, and to report thereof which they did; and expressed their opinion that the canon was defective, and required amendment, They also prepared a draft canon to accomplish that object, which the Council now lay before you. " 14. The draft canon on the formation and division of parishes is again submitted for your consideration. There is a growing feeling among members of the Church generally that some measure of the kind is needed as a step to a more complete organisation. The principle of the union is the same as the former one, but the mode of constituting ecclesiastical districts is simplified. " 15. The question of appointing clergy to parishes is a grave and difficult one, and the Council ask you to give careful attention to the draft canon on the subject laid before you. "16 The very important matter of raising a fund for general Church purposes? principally, to procure and provide the means of grace for those districts at present without them? has occupied the attention of the Council, and the committee therefore recommended that a special appeal be made throughout the diocese for the purpose; the draft of which appeal they also drew up. But in consequence of the want of funds, the Council were unable to proceed with the circulation of the appeal, copies of which are now laid upon the table, and which the Council hope will receive the early attention of the Synod. " 17. In close connection with the above is the not less important subject of obtaining a due supply of clergy. The Council have taken steps in reference thereto which they hope and believe will have the desired result. " 18. The Council earnestly beg the Synod to take into serious consideration the matter of defraying the expenses of Synod. As will be seen by the Treasurer's balance-sheet published herewith, an overdraft of nearly £35 had to be obtained in order to enable the printing account to be paid, and for this amount certain members of the Council are jointly and severally responsible. There are seven places returning members to the Synod which have not contributed to the Synod Fund. And even should these places have sent in collections proportionate to those received from other places, there would still be a deficiency to the amount of one-half of the overdraft. The Council would therefore recommend to the Synod the desirability of deciding upon some equitable mode of assessment for Synod expenses, and the propriety of enforcing the payment of the same. " 19. No provision having been made by the Synod for auditing the account of the receipts and disbursements of the Diocesan Council, the Council requested Mr. F. O. Bryant kindly to examine and audit the Treasurer's balance sheet. " 20. The Council regret to inform the Synod that the clerical secretary has sent- in to them, for transmission to the Synod, His resignation of office. The office of lay secretary is also vacant. One of the first acts of the Synod, therefore, will be to fill up these vacancies. " 21. In accordance with clause 12 of the canon in that case made and provided, the Council now lay before the Synod the minute book of the proceedings of the past year. " E. W. BmsnANE, Chairman." Register of Attendance There were seventeen meetings during the session, the attendance being us follows-The Lord Bishop, 14; Ven. Archdeacon Glennie, 0; Rev. F. C. Jagg, 3 i Rev. Thos. Jones, 15; Rev. Jos. Matthews, 17; Rev. J. Mosely, 1; Rev. J. Sutton, 17; L. A. Bernays (resigned January 8, 1870), 1 ; W. T. Blakeney, 14 ; J. Douglas (seat declared vacant December 1, 1839) 0; W. L. G. Drew, 10; His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, 2; T. H. Paige, 2; R. G. Suter, 15; Chas. Coxen (appointed January 5), 2; Hon. W. H. Walsh (appointed March 2), 1. Financial Statement. ? This statement showed the receipts to have been £35 2s. 8d., and the expenditure £69 4s. 11d., leaving a debtor balance of £34 2s. 3d. The benediction was then pronounced, and the Synod adjourned at a quarter-past 5, until 4 o'clock the following (this) afternoon. Order of Business for Thursday, June 30. The President will take the chair at 4 p.m., and open the proceedings with prayer. The names of the clergy end of the Synods men will be called over. The minutes of the last meeting will be read and confirmed. Notice of questions to be asked and motions to be made on a subsequent day will now be given. motions. Rev. James Matthews to move, That the report of the Diocesan Council be adopted. Mr. W. T. Blakeney to move That the Draft Canon for regulating the election of Synodsmen to the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane, in the colony of Queensland, be read a first time. Mr. Steel to move That leave of absence be granted to Mr. George Clark for the present session. Rev. James Matthews to move That leave of absence be granted to Mr. E. H. Webb for the present session. Rev. James Matthews to move That the names of Mr. R. G. Suter and Mr. Halloran be placed on the Standing Orders Committee, in lieu of those of Messrs. Drew and Peterson, resigned. Rev. James Matthews to move That the Draft Canon to provide for the formation and division of parishes be read a first, time. Kev. Jones' Sutton to move That the Draft Canon to provide for the constitution of bene- fices and the appointment of clergy be read a first time. A paragraph was quoted by us from the Dalby Herald of last Saturday week, reflecting rather severely on Mr. Thompson's conduct as Minister for Lands, more especially with reference to some recent selections on St. Ruth's run. Mr. G. B. Moyle writes to the Queensland Times on the subject as follows :?" Neither Messrs. Lester, Evans, nor anyone else, ever applied for land of a similar character on the St. Ruth's run. The land applied for by Messrs. Lester and Evans, and refused by Mr. Gregory, is on the Dalby- side of the Condamine River, within four miles of Dalby, and is as good country as there is in this district, being all open plain. As soon as it is surveyed and put up to auction I can find the Government a purchaser for it at 15s. per acre. The selections just made and commented on are on the south side of the Condamine River, and the land is principally thick gum and box country, without water frontage of any kind, either to the Condamine or any creek whatever. This land has been open for selection since 1868, and not a single application has been made for it. I took both Mr. Charles Fisher, of Adelaide, and Mr. Buchanan, of Chinchilla, to see it with a view to select, but both declined to have any thing to do with it even as second-class pastoral. I may also state that no water frontage on St. Ruth's has been sold at less than fifteen shillings per acre, which can hardly be called a sacrifice. I have acted as agent in almost all the principal selections made in this district, and am thoroughly acquainted with all the applications made in the Dalby register since the present Act came into operation." The trustees of the Free Library have had on interview with Mr. Cowper, and hove represented to him the need of an Act to grant them incorporation. Mr. Cowper replied that the Government contemplated carrying out the Colonial Architect's idea of adding a library to the Museum, but it will be some time before this can be effected ; and meanwhile there is nothing better to be done with the books than letting them remain where they are Under these circumstances the Government will be obliged to purchase the Library building, which is at present held on lease for a year, but it will be available for other Government offices when the time shall come when the books can be advantageously removed. Meanwhile the attention of the trustees will, it is to be hoped, be vigorously directed to improving the quality of the library. Hundreds of novels of no great value may be decreed off the shelves, and the space better occupied by substantial works of instruction. The best books of reference are particularly needed. Sydney Mail. We (Argus) are informed that the contractors for the North-Eastern Railway have engaged the services of Mr. Joseph Brady as their engineer. Mr. Brady as an engineer of considerable experience in railway matters, both in England and in the colonies. 