CONFIRMATION: MILLINERY. From the -.Church News we learn that the parishioners, of All- Saints' -have joined in ad-i dressing Bishop Perry in a protest against his re marks on the dress of tho. children at the recent confirmation. The address concludes " Wo ennnot conceal from your lordship that our feel ings hav e been deeply w ounded by our unoffending daughters and friends beimr nut to iraen slinmn by ono whom wc have ever taught them to re gard with reverence as their spiritual father ; and we would respectfully request your lordship that by leaving it to us in future to choose the colour of our daughters' dresses without exposing them to public censure m the house of God, you" will concede to us that liberty which as laymen of tho Church of - England wc behove that we are en titled to claim.:' Bishop Perry, in his reply, says "With re spect to the young women themselves, the adop tion of a peculiar costume, suoh as that worn at All Saints' Church, necessitates the putting off,- previously to entering the church, of all mantles and shawls in which they have coinc thither, and consequently the assembling of them together,; cither at the parsonage or iu the vestry to pre pare themselves for the ratification of their1 baptismal vows, not by receiving a few final words of affectionate admonition from their minister, or joiniDg with hun in a last short prayer, but for the proper arrangement of their apparel. Such is not, in my opinion, a good preparation for so solemn an act ; nor is the return for putting on again what they had taken off a good conclusion. It can scarcely, as appears to me, fail more or less to draw away their thoughts from the great subject with which they ought at that time to he wholly engrossed. The proper arrangement, according to .- my judgment, and therefore that which I desire to be adopted, is for the female candidates to go severally to the seats set apart for them in the same dress, and in the same quiet, unostentatious manner, as if they were going to an ordinary service ; then, when the time comes to be presented to the bishop, take off their bonnets or hats and go up to the Communion rails to receive his benediction with the laying- on of hands ; afterwards return to their seats, and put on their bonnets or hats again. \--"Again, with respect to the congregation pre sent at the service, probably some -may sym pathise with the writer in- the Daily Telegraph who says that there are 1 few fairer sights than England's vast cathedrals thronged on such oc casions with girls attired m the pure and simple uniform,- of; white.' Cathedrals are, indeed, seldom used for confirmation; but the rows of jioung women, all clad in white, m an- ordinary parish church, may be deemed a fair sight by some of the beholders. It is not, however, in that character that we should desire so solemn a ceremony to he regarded. A Confirmation ought to be so - conducted as to move the hearts, not please the eyes of those who - witness it. " If the young women acted in obedience to their parants, their parents must he considered as responsible for the consequence.- I may1 also observe, I hope without giving offence, that if you have always taught your children- to regard me ' with reverenee as their spiritual father, it would have been well if you had enforced your precept by bidding hem render a cheerful com pliance with my wish in this matter. ( ."In conclusion, I would beg you to remember that while you may claim to yourselves — I trust, justly — the merit of watching with Christian solicitude over your daughters, you must not assume a right to dictate to a minister of Christ, .whether a bishop or parochial clergyman, in what manner he shall fulfil the ministry which he has received. He is bound, according to his- conscience and judgment, not only to exhort and comfort, but also to reprove aud rebuke with :all long-suffering and doctrine." The Rev. J. H. Gregory also addresses a. com munication to the editor correcting the bishop's letter " His lordship wishes it to be implied in this letter that the candidates for cohfimation at AH - Saints', St. -!:Kilda; . "were . assembled in the 'parsonage solely".' for' the' purpose "bf 'artanging/ jtheir "dress/and not.'ih order that they' might 're1. ceive A few words of admomtion from their clergy- ' man.! -. .> '"i i"' 'iS'-' : : -i'.Theifactiis that while the bishop,' attended by: suchihelp as he needs on the occasion of -'ja confir- mation or any.other service in which he takbs'a' part, was occupied in- one- of the bedrooms in my house in putting on-his robes, 'I was speaking a few words of private advice to the .candidates, all ;of:. whom, male And 'female, cams to-,fhe par-; sonage. : I-fee "ashamed thus to alhide to iny dis- charge qf an ordinary duty, which I-suppose aU clergymen' fulfil, and I regret that the Bishop has compelledme to do so. . . ,,, -« r- " I hope that a sCnse, of justice will restrain his lordship from again censuring: a clergyman, Cither directly or indirectly, in a letter; to .his parishioners, before he has fully-informed Himself of the facts of which he speaks;" J ' Referring to the above, the' Telegraph says : — f A last word on the church millinery question. Bishop Perrji" assumes; that; w£ approved of the arrays! of the ghis . in white, .because the spec tacle atari .'English ' confirmation is "fair "-and pleasant to the eyes, rejoicing the heart. . This is -an error. Our reference was made to show the antiquity of the practice. But evidently much of tne Bishop's objection to the practice is founded on the fact! of its being fair, although order, decentness, and fairness are specially com mended by the rubrics of his Church., On": this circumstance the Bishop founds his whole argu ment for the abolition of the special attire; , As ive said before, he is scafed by the 'ghost of Ritualism, and cannot understand why other; people, who care nothing about Ritualism, ' are not equally distressed. To all the arguments urged in favour of the custom of dressing in white, its cheapness, its reducing competition in millinery display to a minimum, its venerable rige, the affection with which it is regarded, the Bishop says nothing. He quotes a text to show that he is authorised to admonish wrong-doers, and the rebels who pay no heed to the admonition can. of course retort with the text in which the Church is told to allow nd yoke to be laid on . it. The dispute is almost childish, for the main point is to get the parents to send their children at all to the altar, prepared to undertake re ligious obligations! In all seriousness wc warn Dr Perry that he wiU drive some people — many people— away if he insists upon -imposing silly sumptuary laws,- and sinks the bishop in: the court chamberlain. ; Of aU crusades ever, preached' this, against dressing in inexpensive white is the most trumpery. : 