THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. THIRD DAY. The meetings were continued on Thursday, October 6, at Flinders-street Chapel. In the morning a prayer meeting, largely attended, took place, and was followed by the business gathering, which lasted all day. The Chairman (Rev. J. M. Day) presided. DELEGATES. The roll of delegates was made up as under: — 1\. Clarendon. (Not represented.) 2\. Kenton Valley — Messrs. W. Wise, D. Greig, H. Moore, F. Fullard. 3\. Magill— Rev. J. N. Birks, Messrs. Barnes, Strawbridge, Horton. 4\. Coromandel Valley — Messrs. Remnent, Murray. 5\. Lyndoch Valley— Rev. W. O. Ashton and Mr. Williams. 6\. South Rhine— Mr. Howard. 7\. Norwood— Messrs. W. Hill, Haun, Glyde, Blacker, Holmes, A. Birks. 8\. Teatree Gully— Messrs. John Mills, Haines. 9\. Flinders-street, Adelaide— Messrs. W. K. Thomas, D. Fowler, J. Smith, J. Kentish, J. Ferguson, J. Whiting, C. Birks, J. Darling, M.P., S. Summers, Haywood, J. White, H. Bowen, W. Silver, W. Neill, W. Hooper, F. D. Beach, A. O. Chambers, T. Good, C. Rogers, W. Newman. 10\. Alberton — Messrs. J. Neill, Aston, Manson, Thomas, Beasly, Risely. 11\. Auburn. (Not represented.) 12\. Salt Creek. (Not represented.) 13\. Uley— Messrs. Glastonbury, Twelvetree. 14\. Moonta— Rev. J. Renney. 15\. Mount Gambier. (Not represented) 16\. Morphett Vale— Messrs. Teakle, Darby, Carmichael, Bridgman. 17\. Gawler— Messrs. Hobart and Stephens. 18\. Aldinga— Messrs. Patterson and Pengilly. 19\. North Adelaide— Messrs. E. S. Wigg, G. Shaw, J. Cumming, Smith, Kent, Bowering, Hammond. 20\. Kapunda— Messrs. Gates, sen., Gates, jun., Henry. 21\. Torrens Vale. (Not represented.) 22\. Stockport-Rev. H. L. Tuck. 23\. Tarlee— Mr. Charles Farrow. 24\. Saddleworth. (Not represented.) 25\. Inglewood. (Not repesented.) LETTERS FROM CHURCHES. Nearly the whole of the morning and after- noon were occupied by the reading of letters and statistics from Churches at the foregoing places. A digest of the reports will be found in the proceedings of the evening meeting. AUBURN. A letter was read from the Church at Auburn, applying for admission to the Association. Ad- mitted accordingly. CONGREGATIONAL DEPUTATION. The ChAIRMAN read a letter from the Rev. C. W. Evan, stating that through illness he was unable to attend as he contemplated doing. DENOMINATIONAL LITERATURE. The Rev. J. L. Parsons, on behalf of the Financial Secretary (Mr. F. Hann), read the financial report referring to Truth and Progress for the half-year ending June, 1870. It stated that the year was commenced with a capital of £50, contributed by life subscribers, and re- ceipts amounted to £43— total, £93. Expendi- ture had been £69 , leaving a balance of £24. Unpaid accounts amounted to £34 9s. 2d. The report was adopted. UNION WITH CONGREGATIONALISTS. The Rev. S. Mead gave notice of motion, postponed from the previous day, as follows: — " Preamble— Seeing that the two denominations of Congregationalists and Baptists make the Bible the sole standard of appeal, both as to doctrine and practice; also that both denomina- tions hold the same basis for membership, viz., a personal faith in Christ, through which justification is secured and eternal life is im- parted to the one believing; also, that we have adopted the same views of Church polity; and further, that our Lord's will is that we should manifest our real oneness so far as we possibly can without sacrificing our convictions of truth and obligations; also, that all acknowledge the advantages of union for purposes of consolida- tion, edification, and extension, knowing also that the single point of tangible difference between the two denominations concerns the ordinance of baptism, and that we are taught in the New Testament to respect each other's conscientious, convictions, and to receive each other to mutual fellowship on the ground of God's having received us, and that this principle of forbearing love should be practically exhibited in relation to the administration of baptism: " Resolved— That this Association suggests the appointment of a Conference of brethren of both denominations to consider the desirability and feasibility of the amalgamation of both denominations under some such name as the ' Church of South Australia,' or '-----' The Rev. S. Mead, in originally bringing forward the notice, observed that he had broached the question the previous day to several ministers, and was surprised at the favourable reception the principle met with. The Church in Flinders-street was formed on the basis of receiving into its membership all whom Christ had received, and admitting them to all the rights of fellowship, except to the offices of the Church. Perhaps many friends would be surprised at his broaching the question, but he did it from conscientious convictions. He had not altered his views as to the scriptural mode of or the importance of baptism, yet could not but feel that there were amongst the members of their Churches great diversities of belief on very essential truths relating to spiritual life, but these differences did not hinder their uniting in fellowship. Many, however, seemed to exalt the question of baptism into a barrier of separation. On this occasion he said he was quite willing to withdraw the motion, as his principal object was simply to plant the idea, and on this ground alone he was willing to withdraw it. The Rev. H. L. Tuck, under the circumstances, was very glad to hear Mr. Mead was willing to withdraw the notice of motion. He should be as glad as any one to see such a consummation, and was as sorry as any one for the barriers that existed. But they could not adopt the resolu- tion without provoking a terrible contention among themselves. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. J. L. Parsons was sorry that Mr. Mead had withdrawn the notice, because he had no sympathy with being afraid of looking ant their foundations, and why they should not unite. Some did not quite know what points there were that separated them from others. Some had not given the question of baptism the considera- tion it deserved, and such a Conference, he considered, instead of provoking contention, would lead them to look to the basis of truth, and those who were in error would have the opportunity of their errors being made apparent to them, or if the error was on their part they might see it. Investigation of the truth only tended to strengthen those who held it. Mr. Jas.. Kentish supported the withdrawal of the notice of motion. The Rev. Geo. Stonehouse said it was a duty he owed to the denomination of the Church generally to express his regret with Mr. Parsons that Mr. Mead had consented to withdraw his notice. He thought a Conference like that pro- posed was likely to do great good just now, and the Congregationalists would be glad to join in it. If the cause was that of truth, what did it matter if it did stir up a little contention, as it would result in good. He thoroughly endorsed Mr. Parsons's remarks, and thought what Mr. Mead aimed at was "a consummation most devoutly to be wished." Mr. J. White suggested that Mr. Parsons should avail himself of the Evangelical Alliance for the discussion of the subject. He thought it would be out of place in the Association. The Rev. J. L. Parsons said the constitution of the Alliance distinctly prohibited the discus- sion of such subjects. Mr. W. K. Thomas also expressed his regret that Mr. Mead had consented to withdraw his notice, and thought there was nothing to fear in entering upon such a Conference as that recommended. There was no reason why it should not be held in a spirit of love. He did not himself yet see how the object was to be accomplished; but he was persuaded such a Conference could do no harm, and might do much good. On Mr. S. Summers moving, and the Rev. W. O. Ashton seconding, that Mr. Mead be requested to withdraw the notice, the latter said he would do so. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Price fully concurred in the withdrawal. He thought they should hold this position that union with Jesus was the true union between Christians, but did not think that they as a denomination were prepared to go into the conflict. He did not think more good could be done than by throwing out the hint. Mr. G. Shaw agreed with Mr. Mead, but thought harm might be done by severing many from the Church, and thought it best that it should be withdrawn. DEPUTATION TO CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The Rev. J. L. Parsons moved— ' That the Revs. J. M. Day aud J. Price be delegated to attend the annual meeting of the Congregational Union, to express an interest in their work, and to convey our fraternal greeting.' The Rev. H. L. Tuck seconded, and the motion was carried. The meeting then closed. Evening Meeting. At the conclusion of the business meeting tea was partaken of by a numerous company in the chapel, and the annual public meeting was afterwards held. There was a very large atten- dance, the capacious building being nearly filled, and Mr. J. A. Holden occupied the chair. The Chairkman, in opening the proceedings, said he was sure they would all join with him in thankfulness for the meetings that had been held. He could say truly they had been very beneficial to himself, and he felt that any series of meetings that brought Christians into direct communication must end in good. Their desire was to be in close intercourse with other Christians, but they were not able to be always so in con- sequence of the distance they lived from each other, and the meetings were thus useful in bringing them together. He was pleased to see the feeling of Christian brotherhood throughout, and that the subjects discussed had been taken up in a fair and brotherly spirit; they had not been anxious to hide each other's faults, but had been willing to receive rebukes when given in the spirit in which they were. That evening's meeting was one of the most important of the whole. Having announced the business that would be brought forward, he said he rejoiced to see such a large meeting, and hoped they would go away with a feeling that God had been with them, and that feelings of Christian brotherhood had been fostered in their midst. The Rev. D. Badger then read the following digest of the letters and statistical reports from the Churches : — ' We have received to-day reports and letters from 25 Churches. They are for the most part of a mingled character— cheering in one respect, but discouraging in another. In every instance save one the letters refer thankfully to the spirit of brotherly love which has prevailed during the year; and many refer to the clearer perception of the doctrines of grace to which the members have attained, and their conse- quent happiness and power as children of God. One pleasing feature in the the letters sent in is that everywhere there is a growing interest in the Bilble classes established, and a somewhat increased attendance at the ordinary meetings for prayer. Although many Churches have peculiar difficulties to contend with, yet their letters are expressive of joy and confidence. One rejoices in the settlement of a pastor, and gives its testimony to the success of the ' weekly offerings' as a means of collecting funds for Church purposes. Another Church adds its testimony to the power and efliciency of what is termed ' the envelope system' in gathering the contributions of the people; and also refers to increased attendance at public worship, the Sunday-school, and other means of grace. A Church rejoices in its removal from an old chapel to a more commodious place of meeting, in many con- versions among the young, and in believers entering more fully into the enjoyment of their privileges as those in Christ. Statisti- cally the Sunday schools show a slight in- crease in teachers and scholars. One Church has been received into the Association —that at Auburn. All the Churches where the agent of the Association— the Rev. R. Parkin— has been labouring refer thankfully to his devoted and efficient labours. The services of what is termed the lay agents, are everywhere spoken of as being highly appreciated. The discouraging side of the letters generally lies in this — pecu- liary embarrassment and fewness of conver- sions to God. It does seem strange that in connection with increased knowledge and happiness among the people of God we should have few conversions to God. Surely this is a matter demanding attention, humility, and prayer." Mr. Badger also read the following abstract of the membership of the Churches:— Immer- sions, 168; increase from the world, 149; increase , from other Churches, 149; loss by death, 10; loss | by dismissions, 94; loss by erasure of names, 34: loss by exclusion, 11. Total numbers on the rolls, 1,479; total increase, 108. The Rev. S. Mead read the following address to Mr. John N. Birks on the occasion of his entering upon the ministry:— "It is customary in our Churches, both here and in England, to hold some kind of recogni- tion service on the occasion of a college student leaving his preparatory studies to enter fully upon the work of the ministry. Our brother, Mr. John N. Birks, has lately passed from student life into direct pastoral responsibilities. The Association to-night takes distinct cogni- zance of this step. My object is to speak briefly an one aspect of a minister's vocation, and this both for the encouragement of our brother and for the profit of the members of our Churches. The special topic to which I ask your attention is this— The Holy Spirit regarded as the inspirer of a minister's life, conversation, prayers, and preaching. It is an axiomatic truth of the Gospel that our Christian life in its first elements is born of the Holy Spirit. An equally fundamental truth is that imme- diately consequent upon our possessing this Christian life, the Holy Spirit takes up His divine and unceasing abode within us. ' Know ye not that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you, except ye be reprobates.' Christ's distinct promise is that the Holy Spirit shall be in, and shall remain in, His disciples. This is the privi- lege of all saints, and should be held as a special source of consolation by every true minister of Jesus Christ. The terms of our proposition speak of the Holy Spirit as the inspirer, and not simply as the inspiration of our Christian life. The Scriptures present Him to us as possessing all the attributes of a Person. Whilst mysteriously one with the Father and the Son, yet is He as truly a Person as the Father or the Son. It it our privilege to worship and to be blessed by the Triune God. ' In olden times holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost' (2 Peter i. 21). They were emphatically Spirit- inspired men. We are exhorted to be ' filled with the Spirit.' In the early Church it is recorded that certain men were ' full of the Holy Ghost.' Why should not the ambassadors of Christ be now equally filled with the Holy Spirit? Nothing hinders except unbelief. May God speed the day when all true heralds of the Cross shall be full of the Holy Spirit. The prophecy uttered by John the Baptist as setting forth the characteristic excellence of the Saviour's advent was couched in these remarkable words:—' He (Christ) shall ; immerse you in the Holy Spirit and in fire.' It is the Lord Himself who accomplishes this most wonderful of all baptisms in the Spirit. First of all, on believing, the soul is baptized in the fountain of our Saviour's blood — then He baptizes us in His Spirit and in fire. What is this fire? ' Fire is the symbol of holiness— of an energetic zeal. Isaiah was blessed by a heavenly visitant, who seized a living coal from off the celestial altar in order to purify the prophet's lips. Bright tongues of flame burnt above the heads of the disciples assembled in the upper room in Jerusalem. Then they became men of a pure and burning zeal. It is this divine fire of the Holy Spirit brought down from heaven that ministers and Churches need. It is not huge candles burning on altars adorned with devices of human art; it is not self-styled priests, wearing on their backs the sign of a cross wrought by the hand of the cunning workman; it is not the thurifers, reeking with the odours of manufactured incense; it is not these things we need, but men from and of God, truly and richly baptized in the Holy Spirit and in fire. "I. A minister's life— what ought it to be ?— Just what the Holy Spirit can make it. He can make it in the fullest sense a Christ-like life. That is His distinctive work and aim. Through Him we in faith see Christ in us— the invisible King reigning in and over our hearts. Through the Spirit and in faith we see God as the Divine ocean of life and love, in which we consciously live, and move, and have our being. Through the Holy Spirit we in faith behold 'the truth'— we eat it, we drink it, and its life-sustaining properties enter into our heaven-born nature as truly as the elements of the natural bread are incorporated into our physical system. Through the Spirit and by faith Christ is seen to be the all- sufficient basis of a lifelong holiness— the alpha and the omega — the centre and the circumference — the foundation and the topstone of a holy life. But is not such a life hard to live? No, if we are divinely baptized in the Spirit and in fire. Things are difficult or easy to accomplish according to the power available to our hand. The Spirit's omnipotence is with us to enable us both to will and to do according to the Father's good pleasure. The holy life of a minister is the most powerful, the most eloquent sermon he ever preaches. The degree and quality of holiness which characterizes our lives cannot long be hid. Nor is it our Master's will that it should be concealed as under a bushel — it is to be placed on the lampstand — so that the light of a pure life may so conspi- cuously shine before men, that they, seeing our good works, may glorify our Father who is in heaven. I am exceedingly thankful, my dear brother, that God has recently opened your eyes to see clearly the divine method and means for living a holy life, so that you no longer deem it an impossibility, but rather rejoice by His Spirit's help to run in the way of His command- ments, and so follow the footsteps of your Lord and Saviour. Your success in the Lord's vine- yard will largely depend on your living as becometh a saint and a minister of the holy Gospel. "II. The second point we refer to is a minister's conversation. I assume that in the restricted sphere of your labour you will not be remiss in the visitation of the people. We regard this visiting as an absolute essential in a sparsely populated neighbourhood. In various ways will you be brought into contact with the people. How shall you speak to them ? When introduce topics bearing directly on decision for Christ or on Christian life? When is it best to preserve silence ? It may seem a bold conjecture to hazard that where one minister fails in the pulpit two break down in their private intercourse with the people. Indeed, it is too often the case that there is no direct effort in conversation to lead the unsaved to Christ, or to stimulate Christians to a fuller enjoyment of Christian privilege, unless it be that enquirers or the sick first speak to the minister. By conversation some ministers have won more souls for Christ out of the pulpit than by their preaching in it. Neglect not this gift which is in thee. How and when shall you speak?' As the Holy Spirit guides and prompts. The Quakers may have carried to an extreme the doctrine of the Spirit's guidance and prompting. Are we in no danger of going to the other ex- treme, and so practically eschew it altogether? Be it yours, my brother, to speak in conversa- tion as 'the Spirit gives you utterance.' Per- sonal conversation upon the eternal verities of the Gospel is a wide and wonderful agency for usefulness. Often ten minutes' conversation with a hearer will effect more good than a hundred sermons. It is the province of the blessed Spirit to be with your mouth, even as God promised to be with Moses in the matter of speech. Through unbelief Moses failed per- sonally in obtaining the proffered gift. Through faith may you herein daily succeed. "III. Much has been said and written con- cerning the importance of a minister giving him- self to prolonged prayer. It strikes me that with the best intentions, both speakers and writers have sometimes seemed to make a virtue of ' long prayers.' We believe much more depends on the quality than upon the quantity of our petitions. Again, the quality will depend upon the degree of the Holy Spirit's power and light imparted to and appropriated by the petitioner. We have a superfluity of that species of supplication, which is nothing better than 'asking amiss.' This evil may afflict us in private as well as in public prayer. The remedy is ever to pray in the light and power of the Holy Spirit. There is not a little danger of a minister's prayers in secret sliding into an official groove. Our private communings with God are apt to become far too ministerial. In thinking of other's wants, we may lose sight of our own personal needs. In the most real sense let your whole life be a life of wise and suc- cessful intercession in the Spirit. "IV. Preaching is the work of an ambassador of Christ. Whatever tends to render this instrumentally more efficient, do not hesitate to adopt it. Too long has the pulpit been in bonds. I do not mean in the bonds of the constraining love of Christ, but in the letters of tradition and custom. Rules laid down for the pre- paration and delivery of sermons may be useful if they be treated as servants, and not as lords over us. The real and divine power of preaching is not measureable by the amount of feeling produced on the emotions, nor by the degree of thought awakened in the in- tellect, but by the degree of the Spirit's quicken- ing power accompanying the truth conveyed to the soul. The truth we utter must be begotten in us by the Holy Spirit. Indeed every one of the divine truths of revelation needs to be so born again — to undergo a new birth in us ere they become of living force in our own spiritual life, or can go forth from us with healing and sanctifying effect to others. In fact, we are clearly taught by Christ himself that it is the distinctive work of the Spirit to reveal in a living way and with divine energy ' the truth' to us. Every truth of God we preach should be first of all in us as truth made clear by the Spirit. According to Christ's idea a ministry without the effectual power of the Spirit is like a full-rigged ship with its sails all set, but with no wind to fill them. We often hear ministers pray to be filled with the Holy Spirit. Not one in a thousand is heard gratefully praising God that this is literally answered in any individual case. To make a personal avowal of this petition being really granted is supposed to imply presumption in the grateful recipient. Be not afraid to believe, my brother, that for you to be filled with the Holy Spirit is no impracticable dream, but a blessed privilege to be realized through an unfaltering and full faith." At Mr. Mead's request Mr. Birks then ascended the platform and the Rev. J . M. Day (Chairman of the Association) extended to him the right hand of fellowship, saying — " My dear brother Birks— As representing the Association, though in no formal way, but in all brotherly love and sympathy, I give you the right hand of fellowship in the name of Jesus Christ, and may the Lord Jesus be with thy spirit. The Lord bless thee. Amen." The Rev. S. Mead having engaged in prayer, The Rev. H. J. Lambert expressed his sense of the privilege they had in meeting, and plea- sure at the feelings that had prevailed, and their having the previous night paid afresh their vows of consecration at the Lord's Supper. Their attention had been directed to the simple truths of the Gospel, and also to some of the higher truths, and he hoped they had been brought to an apprecia- tion of their privileges in Christ Jesus. The words he would speak would be addressed to the members, not to the ministers of their Churches, and to those who shared with them the privileges of the Gospel, which were free to every one. The truths they heard ought to manifest themselves in their lives, and give them a higher tone. They were the servants of Christ the Lord Jesus, and therefore must live a life of service to Him. He said ' Go and preach the Gospel in all the world,' and they were bound to recognise their responsibility, and devote themselves to the faithful discharge of their obligations. There were thousands who were devoted to worldly things, and thousands degraded lower yet. They held God's truth that had made them free, which they were bidden to preach, having the promise that it should be blest and not return unto Him void : and he therefore urged that they should spread these truths and make them known wherever they went. All Christians would admit that it was their duty to serve God and win souls for Him, but there was too much indefiniteness in their views, and he impressed on them that more definiteness of purpose was necessary for success. They were to shape their actions on the epistles, books, and words of Scripture, and not on the writings of men. In conclusion, he urged them to live up to their privileges in the performance of their duty. The Rev. H. L. Tuck remarked that it was gratifying to see their expanse and growth as a Baptist Association. Their progress, though not striking at first, had since been very manifest, and their meetings had been getting better and better. He urged them to hold fast the truth of God with all their hearts, minds, and souls. In reference to the subject of denominational union, he said, he thought the better way to accomplish this object was for each distinct section of the Church of Christ to follow its own particular course. They were divided into distinct bodies for the present; but it seemed to him that they were converging, and would all meet he believed in this world. He did not think they should resort to schemes for amal- gamation. He urged them to seek after the higher Christian life, and to take advantage of the promises of Christ. TheRev. J. L. Parsons, in a brief address, referred to what he thought should be the watchwords of the members of the Association during the coming year. The first he spoke of was watchfulness for souls; then of liberality to the Lord, remarking that they should make it a conscience matter to endeavour to remove the liabilities that rested on their churches; and lastly he urged upon them fidelity to Christ and heroism in His cause. The meeting concluded with singing, and prayer by the Rev. J. M. Day. The collection realized about £15. 