N15W SOUTH WALKS. Gold Washing Machine.— The S. M. Herald of the 2ith March says :— Mr G. M. Stephen mode another public trial, an Tuesday afternoon, of his newly invented apparatus for washing gold and precious stones. Several gentlemen were present during the experiment, amongst whom were Mr Robertson, Mr Josephson, Mr Owen, and Mt Baker. About a ton of earth was passed through the machine in the space of 1 5 minutes, but ttie water power was obviously insufficient, and was not delivered with sufficient full, or the operation might have been more quickly performed. Prior to commencing Mr Stephen explained the construction of the machine, and then counted out six diamonds, six little nuggets, and sixty-eight gems, making in all eighty small pieces, which he threw into a pan that was emptied on to Borne earth pre viously placed in the machine. Half an ounce of fine gold was also added. The ma chine was then started, and the rest of the earth fed in. The whole of the gcm6 and nuggets were recovered at the termination of the process. The fine gold of course re mained to be retorted. This was the first occasion on which the plate had been sil vered, and some loss of fine gold is always anticipated under such circumstances. The construction of the machine has already been described in our columns, but the essence of the design may be said to consist in the fact that the copper-plate instead of being fixed in a slop ing position is a rocker of semi-cylindrical shape, and with the edges curled. The ef fect of this arrangement is, that with every tilt of the cradle the mercury flows forward and backwards, and this constant agitation in the vessel, from which it cannot escape, and into which all the gold must come, gives it the maximum opportunity of combining with the gold, while the sand in the vessel is prevented from settling on the quicksilver not only by the constant motion, but by the action of two rows of Bpikes forming two rakes. The principal alterations in the ma chine since its last exhibition consist in the edges of the amalgamation being made to curl over about an inch and a half more than before, in having a shallow groove sunk along the bottom of the vessel, and in having only two rows of spikes instead of three. Mr Stephen also explained that al though at the edge of the gem-collector there was an opening to allow of the es cape of the lighter stones, that opening could be closed to any desired extent by means of a copper slide with a curved end which could be moved up or down as desired. The px perimontwns considered safe and satisfactory, though some of the spectators expressed a desire to see how it would operate with stiff and adhesive clay. An Enojimovs Kangaboo Kii.m:d.— Mr Thomas M'Donald, of Durainana (says the Bathurst Times), killed on the road at the back of Mount J&uiKcn;, about six miles from B&thurst;, one of the largest kangaroos that hag ever been seen to this district. Mr M'Donald was accompanied by two dogs, and shortly after being sighted the 'old man' was brought to bay. Then was no heavy timber near the spot, so that tiie veteran of tlm -forest was unable to obtain any back support in the shape of a large tree, aud was placed rather at a disadvantage when at tacked by his canine opponents. Be de fended himself with great obstinacy, however, nnd it was not until he liad been brought to earth twelve times that he 'gave up the ghost.' During the attack Mr M'Douald stood close at hand with a loaded gun read}' to dispatch the kangaroo in the event of either of the dogs being soisted; but owing to the wideness with which they fought, they did not sustain a single scratch. Upon being measured, the animal was found to be over 7 feet in length, and it is estimated that it weighed upwards of 2 cwt. The tail alone, when cut off, measured 4 feet 3 inches in length, by 24 inches in circumference at the thickest part, and its weight was 24 lbs.J 