The heat "of the weather during' tbV last few days has been'1 most oppressive, particularly to adults. Children seem to bear - it well,- and it appears to agree with them, whereas the Y children, of a largty growth,?', not acclimatised- as to .birth- feel the change of atmosphere very .seripusly. , A remarkably narrow escape from serious dan ger 'tolife, if not; from- aq- extensive "destruction rto properly happened ,on Monday niglit last, vat the i Union Hotel, kept ;by, Mr C. JBqiley,-, and ; the pro- " perty! of Mr Neill Campbell, the original proprie tor. Mr Lees, the soHcitor of Ararat, was stopping there and had retired to rest with Mrs Lees, when by some means the flame, of a candle which had been .carelessly kept burning caught the.bed curtains . and! the; whole roo"m was speedily in a blaze. Mr Lees was badly burned about the head and face, and the lady's haiids were much - injured. Mrs 'Lees awoke, and seeing the flames gave an alarm of " Fire !" \vhich happily was heard by Constable ODonnell, wbo'was on i.ight duty,, and who'gave a'furfiier alartp. Mr Bailey, hearing file cries, Jeapedout of bed, "and broke in the upper panel of the door. Plenty of water was quickly brought, and help being given by many neighbors the fire was 'subdvied, hut not before serious damage was done -to betiding- and furniture. Air". Lees was promptly attended by-Dr Morris, and was enabled to -return to Ararat on Wednesday evening.: /five building itself was insured, but unfortunately its contents were not, and' Mr Bailey is a loser to some extent,--but not- toso gieat-an amount as would have been if the progress of the flames had mot been so promptly and energetically, arrested." . At the Circuit Court, held at. Maryborough on Tuesday last, liefoVe his Honor "Judge" Williams, a _Chinaman. named Ah- Sing was indicted for eom< mitting a burglary on. . the premises' ot Mr W-. T re vena,- of ther,-yiattria; hotel, - Avoca, on the ! night of the 3Cith NovemberT " He was detected by | the vigilance of constable Y oung, and : the . activity | of -Mr 'f revena- hi mself.- 'The sentence upon him ! was five years' hard labour on the roads. At the j sameGourt,- Samuel Priestly Was 'acquitted of the charge of. shooting bt one Alfred Grav, at Moon- ? ambel,„wiih intent to do him grievous bodily harm. The details rof \the?_case have already appeared at length in our columns. \- We have received a sample of fragrant fruit- from the garden of Mr , "Ford, of Number One Creek. It consists of "some" " lemon peaches,' of very superior quality. "It was oncessid that: « i hij man who made' a blade of grass grow where it liad never been seen ' before was a greater benefactor to his , fellow, men than, the maker of- miIlio"ns.?; .M'rfFord . lias in his- own vocation , to be regarded- iul theism me< light; but in aHliflerent ratio.r.This >fi;uit tis really , very excellent 'and fully: proves j.lhei fertilising: pro perties of Australian soil and f atmosphere— the latter especially. l1-". . - v ' ' .One of those peculiarjncidents to be sometimes observed among the animals of Australia happened avNumber One Creek, near A voca, on Thursday \- lasti Mr Ford,- whose residence and pretty garden is-closebyj observed a couple of the beagles belong ing to the Avoca pack in eager chase of something, and giving' tongue after the approved musical fashion. To his- astonishment they were accom panied by a kangaroo dog and a retriever. . What the were hunting for could notbe/seen,rbutqoddiy enough the retriever| was. carrying ,ra large: sized ; kangaroo rats inq;his.|.mouth<-.whilef.>running..:, The beagles returned to., their> kennel the - same evening, but onrthe, following (yesterday) morning; Mr W. . Baiiey found the kangaroo dog and the retriever : under a small clump of trees in the racecourse pad dock," watching for apossums ; these were shaken down and made short woik of by the dogs, who must have had agood bit of sport all to themselves. \- Perhaps there is not hi tig more surprising to the onlookers of the curious and devious ways of the ; world than the spread of information by means of I printers' type. We have before us the thirteenth copy of $ neat little newspaper called the Fiji limes , which has been sent to Mr Bryant, of iliis town from a friend of his. 1 he publication is good in itself, and although small, contains useful infor- mationfor the district it is intended to serve. We perceive that in the redistribution of the contract surveyor's divisons, the Wimmera dis trict, including Eversley and Glenpatrick up to the parish-pf Crowlantls, has .been included. ithe.Avoga Division, for iwhich MrpJjfiffiiti Kis/thejppntract surveyor. T-irae»honored- St--'Yalent"ine?s'Ryr's-0os.e"uPQn" us, and our local stationers .fully, publish , the. fact by exhibiting in their windows a rfTo're than' "usually" attract iv"e;collec"tion -of- tenderly-indi ted-billet-doux,- 'emfiosSed; belaced, .scented, apd- otherwise orna- jmentefl vvitlrthe customary" 'representations-- "of doves, transfixed hearts, chains of roses,, churches, and all the numberless -paraphernalia appertaining to thpYotqries of Hymen, not opntting the inevit able Gupi'd in the act pf discharging his allpowerful dart into" the breasts of demure-looking couples who apparently rather, enjoy.theJnfliction. ,. These are all very enticing;. to" Joye-stricken swains and tender -hearted> damsels,, and we have no doubt. that - on Monday uextr tfie local postmaster 'will < be con vinced that the yov:ng people of Ayoca are not at all behind those of " Merry England") in apprecia-. tion of Love's great carnival. There are some, however, who prefer satire to sentiment, who take advantage of the season to play oft the exhu- b ranee of their wit and humor upon. :.the eccen tricities of their acquaintances, 'and1 Jlvese vwill, doubtless, find -caricatures; in sufficient -variety- to satisfy-the bent of- their-iuclinations;- "and; - let-us- iiope, in all good feeling, ! We were shown yesterdaya splendid sample of 15 oz .of gold washed fromqone machine of diet obtained from the Albion Company's ground, Old' Avoca Lead. The gold is water' worn and "very PUggetty; and there capibd little' doubt but tliat the" shareholders will be well repaid for their outlay. . Only;, three! machines" of dirHhave 'been washed this \veek," giving the" very" handsome - return of thirty-one ounces of gold, i A Redbank correspondent writes «— The manager of the Sphinx Gonipany - reports that their new engine will'be'at "work-in" tile course oL next week; Most of the grain in thisibqalUy-has been threshed -rrthe general yield very good ; Mr Mqrnpe oh- tained from nineacres 460 bushels. ! On "SaturdayUast "Mr English, one of the can didates for the Mining Board, held his .first meeting at Fiddler's Creek, and was , very well received, - Mr Campbell occupied the chair. Mr English . stated bis views clearly and comprehensively, con fining his remarks- chiefly to the sul ject -of leasing auriferous lands for mining purposes; ; He; was ' iu favor of the system where the nature of the ground, requireil.'-a = large £ mount . pf capital - to properly work it. 'He was ip favor of enforcing more strictly the covenants entered into :by lessees as" regards the amount of labor to be employed. The speaker referred to many matters of interest to the miners, and gave his views thereon, and after a.few questions had been asked, it was proposed by Mr- Mount, seconded by Mr Townsend, that Mr English was affit and proper person to represent the miners of this division in the Maryborough Mining Board; An amendmendinent was proposed by Mr Costick, but it lapsed fof want of a seconder, the oiiginal proposition. being carried, - ; ' Amongst the inconveniences whioli travellers, darters, and residents of the up-country districts, generally have to suffer is the by no means uncom mon one of losing their horses, cattle, &c;,, and, - it may be, having them stoleiij.and- although. .in-some instances the animals are recovered after a little trouble, in most cases a great expeuse is incurred which. after all leads to no good results. We have before us a circular issued ; from Mr W.. Arm-? -strong's Victorian Horse, Cattle, and Dog Recovery Institute," No. 10 Argo street, South' Yarra, which sets forth that the proprietor of the establishment undertakes to. use .his? endeavors for the recovery of missing animals in all parts of, the colonyupon payment of.a small fee as remuneration for his trouble. -:We are not aware of the means used, but judging-froraia case Yhich recently oc-' curretl in this district we imagine they are sufficient "for the purpose. About, three weeks ago a carrier lost three -valuable horses while encamped with his team near Fiddler's Creek, and after, several days unavailing search an advertisement, was inserted in this journal, offering a reward jfor fiieir.recovery. It appears Mr Armstrong observed the advertise ment- and having gained information of their where abouts immediately communicated, the intelligence, leaving the matter of remuneration to the owner's generosiiy. We also 'observe, by the IVarniam- bool Examiner- that three horses stolen from that place have been recovered by Air Armstrong, by whose means alsoi the thief Lhks ! been captured and committed fort rial. As the "Institute" is likely to prove useful in its way, we, publish ; the above particulars for the benefit of our readers. ; The Minister of Lands- has/been petitioned to cause the'immediate clearing of the River Murray from Echuca to Bama', 1 the timber trade having increased- to sucli an exteut that'it lis jmpjssiblei to bringdown all that is required . without the river .being cleared of snags. - - s . „ Writing on the subject - ofqspirits and spirit-, rapping.tlie -Ararat Advertiser says An esteemed frieiidviof'ours who keeps a -tobacconist shop In! Ararat complains most bitterly of the large influx of spirits-that have visited the borough lately," and I i certainly he appearsTo have considerable , cause, sfor' ! <as hehiinselt expresses it — «, Eyefyi von ?:vahtk ,planchettes,'noting but cigar boxes. vilf do forjdere . dirty spirits. Eh 1 Vy can't "-ftey buy full oires? Tell melhat. rQh, no !. Viltl- you:give me' a empty cigar box?5 all' vot dey cvyV" Boder _dere dirty spirits !" And so say we, r -))re were. afraid it was coming — we saw it looming in the distance ! . -r i ' "f 1 -I 1 > .'I I ; - and now'we are getting as 'bad— no we won't "say quite as bad— but almost as'had'as Pleasap it" Creek. Cuiet, sober, and .ot herwise respectable men Ifiay. fie seen ;hurryihg home furtively carrying under theiiqarm's empty cigar boxes; and'as we know that they don't. smoke we are asliained to say we fear they are going tojurn theirLbed rooms- into w"orls-; \- shops, where,, having locked the door; they- 'can' form the lid or bottom of the.smaH cedar;hox -into a planchette. Bah ! We have no patience with them, and they themselves are ashamed to acknow ledge their belief in the arrahgeriient. ' We have not yet heardioTfany one! who /will candidly say he does ; and we will freely pay a considerable sum to anyone who will give us a planchette that will j write us out the current news of the day or night ! (when spirits most do prowl) in a legible hand fit to i be made out by the compositors, so that we may. i be saved the trouble this hot weather of running l e about inquiring what'sgoing on. If the spirits are of any use let the spirits do something practical— who wants to know that the spirit of Lucy Pop- kins has been called from the vasty deep, or from any other equally elegible locality, merely to tell us that she died ten years ago of delirium tremens. What's the good of it? If she would confidentially tell us where she secreted the. old "Jeapot full of soverigns wVJvill believe her/but not till then. No, no \ to b'e believed, ghosts must become practical. , -The Border -JRost reports-the .death, of ja4boy- v 5 r V5| 1 & | - " vl ? . named. :RobertI Johnson, Lseveniyears|vo,f»agef-'from> a snakebite in the ancle on Saturday last, at Paine's -Pointj-Alburyrwhilst-fishingrHisinother,when -the lad- was- Drought Home tied a handkerchief tight above the knee ; then got atonion and sliced jt in tweand after-putting'CFUstit3 diUt!i"iTw'ound tiedthe onion en, TprsJBarnett and KSatirige were fetched-'and cut out a piece "of flesh at 'the puncturd and syringed the wound with , ammonia, and gave a good suppIy:of brandy, but seeing no other symp toms of poisoning, considered- ,it desirable to try Professor Halford's -system of the injection , of ammonia. The brandy was continued during the night, jrut nothing else, as no bad symptoms seemed !to be jndicated ; on Sunday 'morning the jaws and glands of the,. ne,ck began to. swell ; this gradually- increased ,during;the day until about two o'clock in' the afternoon.; he could not s»vallow. They re- p.eated;the injeotion ;four tirnes, once, every quarter of an(liour, but the boy died at midnight. Dr Keatinge in reply to the. coroner, said that the remedy was, as bad as the disease — that it was no .use.injucting theammonia after the symptoms ap-' peared— it- is very well to apply the ammonia the. moment .the accident occurs, but even then it has -ii9-risks-. The- jury-brought in a verdict of acci dental death, "caused by a bite from a snake. 