SELECT ' POErRY. L kST WO IDS. W'ILt, are you sitting innd watching there yet? , And I know by a certain skill That grows out or utter wakefulness, the night most be far spent, Will:. For, lying awake so many a night, I have learu'd at last tio catch . From the crowing cock; and the clanging clock, and the sound ,f the heating watch, A wisty sense of. the measrelcos march of Time, as he passes here, Leaving tmy life behind him ; and 1 know that the dawn is near. Sleep a little. I shall not die to-night. You may leave me. Go. Eh ! is it tune for the drink ? must you ix it! it dots me no good. But thanks, old friend, true friend i I,woitld" live for your sake, if I could. Ay, there are some goodthings in life, that fa I not, .away with the rest. And, of all hbest things upon, earth, 1.oll that a faithful friend is the best. For woman, Will, is a thorny flower : it bi eaks, and we bleed anxd sntiart : The blossom falls at the fairest, and the thorn runs into the heart. And woman's love is a bitter fruit ; and, however he bite it, or sip, There's many a man has lived to curse t'he taste of thaut fruit on his lip. .But never was any man yet, as I ween, be he who . soever he may, That has.known what a true friend is, Will, and wish'd that knowledge away. You were proud of my promise, faithful despite of my fall, Sad when the world seem'd over sweet, sweet when the.world.turn'd gall : When I cloak'd myself in the pride of praise from what God grieved to see, You 'ina trlo' the glittering lie of it all, and silently mnoirn'd for me: When the world took back what the world bhd . given, and scorn with praise chang'd pl.ice; I, from my sackcloth and'ashes, look'd up, and saw hope glow on your face : Therefore, fair weather be yours, Will, whether it shines or pours, And, if I can slip from out of my grave, my spirit will visit yours. O woman eyes'that bave smiled and ramiled, 0 woman lips that have kist The life- blood out of my heart, why thus for ever do you persist, Pressing out or the dark all round, to bewilder my dying hours With 'your ghostly sorceries hrew'd from the breath of your poison flowers? Sti'l, thoe' the idol.be broken, I see at their ancient . revels, The riven altar around, come dancing the selfsame devils. Latne currite," l te currite. noctis eqfls Linger a little, 0 Time, and let me be saved ere I . die How many a night 'neath her, window have. I walk'd in the wind and rain, Only to look at her shadow fleet over the lighted pane. Alas i 'twas the shadow that rested, 'twas herself that fleeted, you see,, A!,d now I am dying, I know it :-dying, and where is she! Dancing divinely, perchance, or, over her soft harp strings,, Using the Iast to give pathos to the little new song that she sings. Bitter ? I dare not.he bitterin the few last hours left to live. Needing so much forgiveneBs, God grant me at least to forgive. There can be no space for the ghost of her face down in the narrow room, And the mole is.blini, and the worm is mute, and there must.bhe rest in the tomb. . And just one failure more or less to.a life that seems to be (Whilst I lie looking uipon it, "as a bird on the broken tree .. ' She hovers about, ere making wing for a land of lovelier growth, riglhter blossom, andl puter air, someWolhre far off in the' south;)' . Failure, crowning' failure, failure from end to end. Just otne more or less, what matter, to, the manuy S.no grief can mend i! . Npt to know Vicei is virtue, not fate, however men * rave :.. ..... ..... Aiid, nex to this 1 hold that man to be but a , coward and slave Who bears the plague-spot about hi;.,' and;'know' . ing it, shrinks or fears . ? ? ' To brand it out, ths' the hobrning knife should hiss in his heart's hot tears.. But 1 hlive caught the contaghion of a world that,I 'never loved, Pleased myself with approv·al of those that I never approved, ... ' . . Palterd milt pleas.ures that pleased not, and fame where no fame could be, Aiid' hoeishall ] look. do you think, Will, when \- the migels are looking on me! Yet oh !. the confident spirit once mine, to dare and todo :.. , Taki the world into my Band, and shape it, and make itanew : Gather all' men in my purpose, men in their dark -iess and dearth, Men in their meanness and misery, made of the dust of the earth, outlld them afresh, and make out of. tlem Man, : with his spirit sublime, .ian, the great heir of Eternity, dragging the con quests of Time ! You will buri every book I have written. And so Iperish, one and all, Eadls trace of the stnragle'that"fail' with the life that 1 Cannot recall. Dust and' ashes, earth's dross, which the mattock ,: may give to the mole I :: Something, .thu'.ptain'd and.de'aced, 'survives, as I trust, with the soul. Something! ... . Ay, something comes back to me . ,. Think !.that I mighthave been . . what! . . Alnci;t I' fancy at times, what I meant to' have Seoen; 'and am not.' Where.was thei fault? Was it strength fell short? And t(I can speak of it now) Illow my spirit sung like the resonant nerve of a Swarrior's battle bow 'When tle shaft ha, leapt frion the string, what tihme, hir hilst bright annter unfurl'd, Sung aim'd her arrowy purpose in me sharp at the heart of thl. world. *s. * * t *. * Peace to the last! it skills not now : these thoughts that vex it in vain Are but tihe dust of a broken purpose blowing abort the hra:n Which presently will he tenantless, when the wan toll worms caroluse, And the mole luiilds over my bones his little wiluhowle.s holle. It is gro? ing darker and stranger, Will, and colder -dark and coldl, Dark and cold ! Is the lamp gone out! Give me thy hasld to ]111. No : 'tis life's brief candle burning down.. Tears ? teals, Will! Whly, hllis whiic we call dying is only ceas'ng to die. It is but the giving over a game all bse. Fear life, not death. The hard thing was to live, Will. To whatever bourne this breath Is goilg, the way is Cony now. \\\ ith flowers and music, life, . Like a pagan sacrifice, lead s as long to this dark High Priest with the knife. I have been to?'peevish at mere mischance. For whether we build it, friend, Of brick, or jasper, life's large base dinudles into this point at the end, A kind of nothing i Who knows whether 'tis fit test to weep or laugh At those thin cirtkins the splider spins, o'er each dusty epitaph ? l I talk wildly. But this 1 know, that not even the best and irst, When all is done, can claim by desert what even to the la.tand worst Of us weak wmikmen, God f:om the depth of his infinite mercy giveth. These bones shall rest in lieace, for I know that my Redeemer liveth. OWEN MEREDITH. 