TIIE WE3T0N 3IINSTKELS. lno Ethiopians who hnvo taken possession of tho Theatre Royal were fairly attended on Monday night, when they submitted a programme wliich ouirht to 'draw crowds if Adelaide has not become utterly phlegmatic. One new ;m-l hopeful incident was the appearance of llis Excellency and Lady Edith m the viceregal box. The rest of tho dress circle still looked bare, but tho more popular par'..' of tho House fully rodeemo-1 that drawback. It will be admitted that it needs some genius to make people merry on theso warm nights; but the Wcston Minstrels have an unlimited supply of that capability, and it i.-; associated with no small degree of true tender ness. No one in Adelaide h;i* ever scon a pro fessedly comic entertainment so free from any thing morally objectionable, «r so highly leavened with roiined sentiment . On Monday night, especially, the sentimenta! songs were o'f a 'pathetic and even devotional character. In this line, the tenor, Mr. Hermann, and tho baritone. Mr. Camp bell, are acquiring a peculiar distinction. The former rendered i:Uo they think of meat homo.-' witli very groat sweetness and expres sion. His voice is improving in flexibility ami power since his first visit to Adelaide, and he is new, both as vocalist and instrumentalist, a. valuable member of tho Weston Troupe. Mr. Campbell, though a comparative stranger, is also making rapid progress in public favour. His descriptive' song, 'Tho Village Black smith,' was given with full justice to tho graphic picture as well as to tho impressive melody. It is the best thing he hns dono yet, and augurs many future successes. Mr. Ackland produced a similar impression bv his ??' Letter in the Candle,' which, if not quite so effective, was also promising. Mr. Emory, though not gifted with equal quality of voice to his comrades, and cim*t'queiitly not so successful in solos, is an important agent in the choruses. Of tho real minstrels -Hu?.-cy, Kelly, and Holly — all that need bo said is that their bonrd less versatility becomes more manifest in every performance. Uu Monday night tho jokes were, without exception, new, and most of them far better than the first set. They represent a revival of the almost obsolete art of talking nonsense. llussoy is un approachable in the ingcnuo'.w kind of wit which sinmlafes ignaiv'ineo. Kelly's, on tho other hand, is satirical, lfi^ description of ,'i fashionable dinner w;-s thoroughly Yankee in the absurdity which he veiled its satire. Fancy ?? man calling a waiter to take a plate of chicken soup to the kitchen, and make the chicken wndo through it two or three times to give it a flavour. This is tho kind of TiT.nsatlaiiticism which Anglo-Saxons l^st enjoy. t\\- it is most distinct from their own class of humour. Anothci unique thing v,;us tho burlesque on the l-nm! of the 1 lth Kugiinent, executed by two drums and a cornet in Old Virgmny style. It need hardly be said that tho dancim.' maintains both its superiority and its popularity. The Golden Shoe Dance was om-oivd. as usual; but tin oppressive boat had to be taken its an excuse for not repeating it. The gods no doubt think it u. great misfortune thai Messrs. Kelly and Holly's endurance is not equal to their own. These marvellous display*1 of rhythmic n^ilily couJd he witnessed for a month, if performers could bo got whose muscles were ciual to the faiigue. As the weather cool*, .Messrs. Kelly and Holly may be able to compensate us for the encore wliich yesterday they wero obliged to deny us. The farce of ' A Ghost in a Pawnshop' was neither very sjiccfral nor very funny. It answers, however, to compose- the audience after 'Tobias and Biancjs,' which makes more ribs ache every time it. is performed. The Westons have been long enough here to warrant us in pronouncing their ontortainment the best of its kind which Adelaide hns had an oppor tunity of seeing. Some people express a lingering preference for Harry Leslie and the Original C'hrisiies, but fully as many more declare the other way. It is not our function todeci'le on such a doliuato question nf art. This much we can say, I hat whether it were tho Westons or the Original Christy Minstrels who lml poswsion of the stage, there ought to be better undionecs in front. 