HEADS OP THE PEOPLE. No. 8. H. R. HARWOOD. " SENECA cannot bo too heavy, or PLAUTUS too light."— Shakespeare. MR. HAEWOOD was originally intended for tlie building trade, but lie soon discovered that that was not his " platform." His dramatic instincts told him that the stage was, and soon his foot was upon his native boards, and his name (for the time) FLAYIUS COEUSTNA, in which character a Sydney audience had first the honour of appearing before him. Then he becamc prompter, and shortly after manager, and he went to New Zealand in the latter capacity, and "did" the juvenile business as well. After a successful engagement at Launceston he came back, and performed, at Geelong a round of characters (including equestrian ones) to the intense delight of the Geelongese, who couldn't understand one word of the plays, as Mr. HAEWOOD spoke English. Four opera seasons he managed for Mr. LYSTER ; and throughout Mr. BARRY SULLIVAN'S lesseeship he was the most useful member of the company. In February, 1867, he became a member of a co-partnership in the management of the Royal, and he holds that position still. Mr. HARWOOD is undoubtedly at his best in burlesque, but he plays everything he undertakes well. His extraordinary versatility may be judged by the fact that he has played " CASSANDRA," " DICK TURPIN," " VAREY SILLIYAIN," " The Ghost" in Hamlet, " MIKE FEENEY," " CHATEAU RENAUD," " Mo. DAVIS," and now, last and greatest of all, " HENRI BE SARTORYS," in Frou Frou. There is not, we venture to say, another actor in the world who has performed a greater variety of characters, requiring the most opposite qualifications. There is not a doubt that Mr. HAR- WOOD'S success may be attributed to the great care taken in dressing the parts accurately, and to the carrying out of the minutest detail of bye-play. * He is a thorough business man, but at the same time a warm-hearted one; and it is chiefly to his indefatigable efforts and genial manner that the success of the co- management at the Royal is due. 