LEVISON'S VIOTIaI. (From Belgravi.aJ "HnviE you seen Horace Wynward ?" "No. You don't mean to say that he is here ?.", "'He is indeed. I saw him last night: and I think I never saw a man so much changed in so short a time." "For thev worse? " "Infinitely for the worse. I should searcely have recognised him but for that peculiar look in his eyes, which I daresay you remember." "Yes; deep-set grey eyes, with an earnest penetrating look that seems to read a man up as he talks to him. I'm very sorry to hear; of this change in him. We were at Oxford.together, you know; and his place is nearmy father'e in Buckinghamshire. We have been fast friends for a long time; but I lost eight of him about two years ago, before I went on my Spanish rambles, and I've heard nothing of him since. Do you think he has been leading adissipated life- going the pace a little too violently ? " " I:don't know what he has been doing; but I fancy he must have been travelling during the last year. or two, for I've never onie.aoross him .in London." "Dil':you speak to him last night ?" SNo; I wanted very much to get hold of hini for' a few minutes' chat, but couldn't manage it. It was in one of the gambling rooms I saw him, on the opposite side of the table. ,The room was crowded. He was etanding'looking on at the game over the heads of the players. You know how tall he is, aid ,what a conspicuous figure anywhere. I saw him one minute, and in the next he had disappeared. I left the rooms in search of him,, but. he was not, to be seen anywhere about." ",I shall try and hunt him up to-morrow. He must be stopping at one of the hotels. There can't be much difficulty in finding him." , The speakers were two young English m?en; the scene a little lamplip grove of trees outside the Kursaal of a German spa. The elder, George Theobald, was a barrister of the Inner Temple; the younger, Francis Lorrimore, son and heir of a Buckingham shire squire, and gentleman at large. "What was the change that struck you so painfully, George ?" Lorrimore asked be tween the puffs of his cigar. You couldn't have seen much of Wynward in that look ,across the gambling-table." "'I saw quite enough. His face has a worn, haggard expression-he looks like a man who never sleeps; and there's a fierce mess' about the eyes-a contraction of the brows, 'a kind of restless searching look- as if he were on the watch for some one, or something. In short, the poor follow seemed to bd altogether queer-the sort of man one would expect to hear of in a mad-house, or committing suicide, or something bad of that kind." "I 'shall certainly hunt him out, George." "It would be only a kindness to do so, old fellow, as, you and he have been inti mate. Stay!" exclaimed Mr. Theobald, pointing suddenly to a figure in the distance. "Do you see that tall man under the trees yonder? I've a notion it's the very man we're talking of." They rose from the bench on which they had been sitting smoking their cigars for the last half-hour, and walked. in the direction of the tall figure pacing slowly under the pine-trees. There was no mistaking that muscular frame-6 ft. 2 in. if an inch-and the peculiar carriage of the head. Frank Lorrimore touched his friend lightly on' the shoulder, and he turned round suddenly and faced the two young men, staring at them blankly without a sign of recognition. Yes, it was indeed a haggard face, with a latent fierceness in the deep-set grey eyes overshadowed by strongly-marked black brows, but a face which, soon at its best, must needs have boon very handsome. "Wynward," said Frank, "don't you know me?" He held out both his hands. The other took one of them slowly, lookirig at him like a man suddenly awakened from sloop. " Yes," he said, "I know you well enough now, Frank; but you startled me just this moment. I was thinking. How well you're looking, old fellow! What, you here too, Theohald ? " "Yes; I saw you in the rooms last night," answered George Theobald as they shook hands; "but you were gone before I could get a chance of speaking to you. Where are you staying ?" "At the Hotel dos Etrangers. I shall be off to-morrow." "Don't run away in such a hurry, Horace," said Frank ; " it looks as if you wanted to cut us." "I'm not very good company just now; you'd scarcely care to see much of me." " You are not looking very well, Horace, certainly. Have you been ill ? " I" No, I am never ill; I am made of iron, you know." "But there's something wrong, I'm afraid." "There is something wrong, but nothing that talk or friendship can mend." "Don't say that, Horace. Come to break fast with me to-morrow, and toll me your troubles." "Its a common story enough ; I shall only bore you." "I think you ought to know me better than that." " Well, I'll come, if you like," Horace Wynward answered in a softer tone ; " I'm not very much given to confide in friendship, but you were once a kind of younger brother of mine, Frank. Yes, I'll come. How long have you booeen here ?" "I only came yesterday. I am at the Couronno d'Or, where I discovered my friend Theobald, happily for me, at the table d'ddtc. Iam going back to Buckinghamshire next week. Have you been at Crofton lately ?" "No; Crofton has been shut up for the last two years. The old houskeoper is there, of course, and there are men to keep the gardens in order. I shouldn't like the idea of my mother's gardens being neglected; but I doubt if I shall ever live at Crof ton." "Not when you marry, Horace ? " "Marry ? Yes, when that event occurs, I may change my mind," lie answered with a scornful laugh. " Ah, Horace, I see there is a woman at the bottom of your trouble ! " He did not answer this, but began to talk of indifferent subjects. The three young men walked for some time under the pines, smoking and talking in a fragmentary manner. Horace Wynward had an absent-minded way, which was not calculated to promote a lively state of conver sation; but the others indulged his humour, and did not demand much from him. It was late when they shook hands and sepa rated. " At ten o'clock to-morrow, .Horace," said Frank. .'I. shall be with you at ton. Good night." Mr. Lorrimore ordered an excellent break fast, and a little before ten o'clock awaited his friend in a pretty sitting-room overlook ing the gardens of the hotel. He had been dreaming of Horace all night, and was think ing of him as he walked up and down the room awaiting his arrival. As the little clock on the mantelpiece struck' the hour, Mr. Wynward was announced. His dress was dusty, and he had a tired look oven at that early hour. . Frank welcomed him heartily. " You look as if you had been walking, Horace," he said, as they sat down to break fast. " I have been on the hills since five o'clock this morning." " So early? " " Yes; I am a bad sleeper. It is better to walk than to lie tossing about hour after hour, thinking the same thoughts with maddening repetition." " My dear boy, you will make yourself ill with this kind of life." "Don't I tell you that I am never ill? I never had a day's illness in my life. I sup pose, when I die, I shall go down at a shot apoplexy or heart-disease. Men of my build generally do." "I hope you may have a long life." "Yes, a long life of emptiness." "Why shouldn't it be a useful life, Horace ? " "Because it was shipwrecked two years ago. I set sail for a given port, Frank, with a fair wind in my favour; and my ship went down in sight of land, on a summer's day, without a moment's warning. I can't rig another boat and make for another har bour, as some men can. All my world's wealth was adventured in this one argosy. That sounds tall talk, doesn't it ? but you see there is such a thing as passion in the world, and I've so much faith in your sym pathy, that I'm not ashamed to tell you what a fool I have been, and still am. ' You were such a romantic follow five years ago, Franki; and I used to laugh at your sentimental no tions." "Yes, I was obliged to stand a good deal of ridicule from you." "Let those laugh who win. It Was in the last long vacation before I left Oxford that I went to read, at a quidt little village on the Sussex coast, with a retired tutor, an eccentric old fellowv, but a miracle of loearn ing. He had throe'daughters, the eldest of them, to my mind, thoeloveliest girl that ever the sun shone upon. I'm not going to make a long story of it. I think it was a case of love at sight. I know that before I had been a week in the humdrum sea-coast village I was over head and ears in love with Laura Davontry; and at the.end of a month was happy in the belief that my love was returned. She was the dearest, bright eat of girls, with a hIappjy disposition that won her friends in every direction; and a man must have had a dull unimpressionable nature who could have withstood her charms. I was free to make my own choice, rich enough to marry a penniless girl; and bo fore I wont back to Oxford I made her an offer. It was accepted; and I returned'to the university the happiest of men." He drank a cup of coffee, and rose from the tablo to walk up and down the room. "Well, Frank, you would imagine that nothing could arise to interfere with our happiness after this. In worldly circum stances I was what would be considered an excellent match for Miss Davontry, and I hIad every reason to believo that she loved mo. She was very youtg, not quite eighteen; and I was the fiGrast man who had over proposed to her. I left her, with the most entire confidence in her good faith; and to this hour I believe in her." There was a pause, and then he went on again. " We corresponded, of course. Laura's letters were charming; and I had no greater delight than in receiving and replying to them. I had promised her to work hard for my degree, and for her sake I kept my pro mise and won it. My first thought was to carry her the news of my success; and directly the examinations were over, I ran down to Sussoex. I found the cottage empty. Mr. Daveontry was in London; the two younger girls had gone to Devonshire to an aunt who kept a school there. About Miss Daventry the neighbours could give me no positive information. She had left a few days before her father, but no one knew where she had gone. When I pressed them more closely, they told me that it was ru moured in the village that she had gone away to be married. A gentleman from the Spanish colonies, a Mr. Levison, had been staying at the cottage for some weeks, and had disappeared about the same time as Miss Laura." "And you believed that she had eloped with him ?" "To this day I am ignorant as to the manner of her leaving. Her last letters were only a week old. She had told me of this Mr. Levison's residence in her house hold. He was a prosperous merchant, a distant relation of her father's, and was staying in Sussex for his health. This was all she had said of him. Of their approach ing departure she had not given me the least hint. No one in the village could tell me Mr. Daventry's London address. The cot tage, a furnished one, had been given up to the landlord, and every debt paid. I wont to the post-office; but the people there had received no directions as to the forwarding of letters, nor had any come as yet for Mr. Daventry." " The girls in Devonshire-you applied to them, I suppose ?" "I did; but they could tell me nothing. I wrote to Emily, the eldest girl, begging her to send me her sister's address. She answered my letter immediately. Laura had left home with her father's full knowledge and consent, she said, but had not told her sisters where she was going. She had seemed very unhappy. The whole affair had been sudden, and.her father had also ap peared much distressed in mind. This was all I could ascertain. I put an advertise ment in the Times, addressed to Mr. Daven try, begging him to let me know his where abouts; but nothing came of it. I employed a man to hunt London for him, and hunted myself ; but without avail. I wasted months in this futile search, now on one false track, now on another." "And you have long ago given up all hope, I suppose?" I said, as he paused, walking up and down the room with a moody face. " Given up all hope of seeing Laura Levi son alive? Yes; but not of tracking her destroyer." "Laura Levison! Then you think she married the Spanish merchant ?" " I am sure of it. I had been more than six months on the look-out for Mr. Daventry, and had begun to despair of finding him, when a man I employed came to me and told me that he had found the registry of a" marriage: between Michael Levison and Laura Davontry at at obscure church in the city, where he had occasion to make re searches for another client. The date of the marriage 7as within a few days of Laura's departure from Sussex." "Strange !" "Yes, strange that a woman should be so fickle, you would say. I felt convinced that there had been something more than girlish inconstancy at work in this business-some motive power strong enough to induce this girl to sacrifice herself in a loveless mar riage. 'I was confirmed in this belief, when, within a .very short time of the discovery of the registry, I came suddenly upon old Davontry in the street. He would fain have avoided me; but I insisted on a conversation with him, and he reluctantly allowed me to accompany him to his lodging, a wretched place in Southwark. He was, very ill, with the stamp of death upon his face, and had a craven look that convinced me it was to him I was indebted for my sorrow. I told him that I knew of his daughter's marriage, when and where it had taken place, and boldly accused him of having brought it about." "How did he take your accusation ? " "Like a beaten hound. He whimpered piteously, and told me that the marriage had been no wish of his. But Levison had pos session of secrets which made him the veriest slave. Little by little I wrung from him the nature of these secrets. They related to forged bills of exchange in which the old man had made free. with his kinsman's name. It was a transaction of many years ago; but Levison had used this power in order to induce Laura to marry him; and the girl, to save her father from utter ruin, as she believed, had consented to become his wife. Levison had promised to do great things for the old man, but had left England immediately after his marriage, without set tling a shilling on his father-in-law. It was altogether a most wretched bueiness: the girl.had been sacrificed to her father's weak ness and folly. I asked him why he had not appealed to me, who could no doubt have extricated him from his difficulty; but he could give me no clear answer. He evi dently had an overpowering dread of Michaol Levison. I left him utterly disgusted with his imbecility and selfishness; but for Laura's sake I tookl care that he wanted for nothing during the remainder of his lifo. He did not trouble me long." "And Mrs. Levison ?" "The old man told me that the Levisono had gone to Switzerland. I followed post haste, and traced them from place to place, closely questioning the people at all hotels. The accounts I hoard were by no means oen couraging. The lady did not seem happy. The gentleman looked old enough to be her father, and was peevish and fretful in his manner, never letting his wife out of his sight, and evidently suffering torments of jouealously on account of the admiration which her beauty won for her from every one they mot. I traced them stageo by stage, through Switzerland into Italy, and then suddenly lost the track. I cdncluded that they had re turned to England by some other routeo; but all my attempts to discover traces of their return wore useless. Neither by land nor by sea passage could I hear of the yellow-faced trader and hi beautiful young wife. They wero not a couple to be overlooked easily; and this puzzled me. Disheartened and dis pirited, I halted in Paris, whore I spent a couple of months in hopeless idloness,-a state of utter stagnation, from which I was aroused abruptly by a communication from my agent, a private detective-a very clover fellow in his way, and well in with the police of civilisad Europe. Ho sent me a cutting from a German newspaper, which described the discovery of a corpse in the Tyrol. It was supposed, from the style of the dress, to be the body of an Englishwoman; but no indication of a name or address had been found to give a clue to the identity. Whether the dead woman had been the victim of foul play, or whether she had met her death from an accidental fall, no one had been able to decide. The body had been found at the bottom of a mountain gorge, the face dis figured by the fall from the height above. Had the victim been a native of the district, it might have been easily supposed that she had lost her footing on the mountain-path; but that a stranger should have travelled alone by so unfrequented a route seemed highly improbable. The spot at which the body was found lay within a mile of a small village; but it was a place rarely visited by travellers of any description." "Had your agent any reason to identify this woman with Mrs. Levison ? " " None; except the fact that Mrs. Levison was missing, and his natural habit of sus picion. The paragraph was nearly a month old when it reached mo. I set off at once for the place named, saw the village authorities, and visited the Englishwoman's grave. They showed me the dress she had worn, a black silk, very simply made. Her face had been too much disfigured by the fall, and the passage of time that had occured before the finding of the body, for them to give me any minute description of her appearance. They could only tell me that her hair was dark auburn, the colour of Laura's, thick and long; and that her figure was that of a young woman. "After exhausting every possible inquiry, I pushed on to the next village, and there received confirmation of my worst fears. A gentleman and his wife-the man of foreign appearance, but talking English; the wo man young and beautiful-had stopped for a night at the chief inn of the place, and had left next morning without a guide. The gentleman, who talked German perfectly, told the landlady that his travelling-carriage and servants were to meet him at the nearest stage on the home journey. He knew every inch of the country, and wished to walk across the mountain, in order to show his wife a prospect which had struck him particularly upon his last expedition a few years before. The landlady remembered that, just before setting out, he asked his wife some questions about her watch, took it from her to regulate it, and then, after some peevish exclamation about her carelessness, put it into his waistcoat-pocket. The lady was very pale and quiet, and seemed un happy. The description which the woman gave me was only too like the woman I was looking for." " And you believe there had been foul play?" "As certainly as I believe in my own ex istence. This man Lovison had grown tired of a wife whose affection had never been his -nay, more, I have reason to know that his unresting jealousy had intensified into a kind of hatred of her some time before the end. From the village in the Tyrol, which they left together on the bright October morning, I tracked their footsteps stage by stage back to -the point at which I had lost them on the Italian frontier. In the course of my wanderings I met with a young Aus trian officer who had seen them at Milan, and had ventured to pay the lady some fri volous harmless attentions. He told me that he had never seen anything so appalling as Lavison's jealousy : not an open fury, but a concentrated silent rage, which gave an almost devilish expression to the man's parchment face. He watched his wife like a lynx, and did not allow her a moment's freedom from his presence. Every one who mot them pitied the beautiful girlish wife whose misery was so evident; everyone loathed her tyrant. I found that the story of the servants and the travelling- carriage was a lie. The Levisons had been attended by no servants at any of the hotels where I heard of them, and had travelled always in public or in hired vehicles. The ultimate result of my inquiries loft m6 little doubt that the dead woman was Laura Levison; and from that hour to this I have been em ployed more or less in the endeavour to find the man who murdered her." "And you have not been able to discover his whereabouts ? " asked Frank Lorri more. "Not yet. I am looking for him." "A useless quest, Horace. What would be the result of your finding him? You have no proof to offer of his guilt. You would not take the law into your own hands?" "By the heaven above me, I would !" answered the other fiercely. "I would shoot that man down with as little compunc tion as I would kill a mad dog." " I hope you may never moeet him," said Frank solemnly. Horace Wynward gave a short impatient sigh, and paced the room for some time in silence. His share in the breakfast had been a more pretence. He had emptied his coffee.cup, but had eaten nothing. "I am going back to London this after noon, Frank." " On the hunt for this man ?" "Yos. My agent sent me a desoription of a man calling himself Lewis, a bill-dis counter, who has lately set up an office in the city, and whom I believe to be Michael Levison." The office occupied by MIr. Lowis, thie bill discounter, was a dismal place enough, con sistiog of a second floor in a narrow alloy called St. Guinevoro's-lane. Horace Wyn ward presented himself at this office, about a weokr after his arrival.in London, in the character of a gentleman in difficulties. Ho found Mr. Lewis exactly the kind of man he expected to see; a man of about fifty, with small crafty black eyes shining out of a sallow visage that was as dull and life loss as a parchment maslr, thin lips with a cruel expression, and a heavy jaw and bony chin that botokelned no small amount of power for evil. Mr. Wynward presented himself under his own name; on hearing which the bill-dis counter looked up at him suddenly with an exclamation of surpriso. "Yaou knoew my name ?" said Horace. " Yes; I have heard your name before. I thought you wore a rich man." "I have a good estate, but I have been rather imprudent, and am short of ready money. When and whore did you hoar my name, Mr. Lewis? " "I don't remember that. The name sounds familiar to me, that is all." "But you have heard of me as a rich man, you say?" " I had an impression to that effeoot. But the circumstances under which I heard the name have quite escaped my memory." Horace pushed the question no further. He played his cards very carefully, leading the usurer to believe that he had secured a profitable prey. The preliminaries of a loan were discussed, but nothing fully settled; and before leaving, Horace Wyn ward invited Mr. Lewis to dine with him at his lodgings, in the neighbourhood of Picca dilly, on the following evening. After a few minutes' reflection, Lewis accepted the invitation. Ho made his appearance at the appointed hour, dressed in a suit of shabby black, in which his callow complexion looked more than usually parchment-like and ghastly. The door was opened by Horace 'Wynward in person, and the money-lender was sur prised to find himself in an almost empty house. In the hall and on the staircase there were no signs of occupation whatever; but in the dining-room, to which Horace immediately ushered his guest, there was a table ready laid for dinner, a couple of chairs, and a dumb-waiter loaded with the appliances of the meal. The room was dimly lighted by four wax-candles in a tarnished candelabrum. Mr. Lewis, the money-lender, looked round him with a shudder; there was some thing sinister in the aspect of the room. " It's rather a dreary-looking place, I'm afraid,'t said Horace Wynward. "I've only just taken the house, you see, and have had in a few sticks of hired furniture to keep too going till I make arragoments with an upholsteror. But you'll excuse all short comings, I'm sure-bachelor fare you know." "I thought you said you were in lodg ings, Mr. Wynward." "Did I?" asked the other absently; " a more slip of the tongue. I took this house on lease a week ago, and am going to fur nish it as soon as I am in funds." " And are you positively alone here?" inquired Mr. Lewis rather suspiciously. "Well, very nearly so. There is a char woman somewhere in the depths below, as deaf as a post and almost as useless. But you needn't be frightened about your dinner; I had it from a confectioner in Piccadilly." Ho lifted the cover of the soup- tureeoon as he spoke. The visitor seated himself at the table with rather a nervous air, and glanced more than once in the directiion of the shutters closely fastened with heavy bars. He began to think there was something alarmingly eccentric in the conduct and manner of his host, and was inclined to re pent having accepted the invitation, profit able as his now client promised to be. The dinner was excellent; the wines of the first quality; and after drinking some what freely, Mr. Lewis began to be better reconciled to his position. He was a little disconcerted, however, in perceiving that his host scarcely touched either the viands or the wine, and that those deep-set grey eyes were lifted every now and then to his face with a strangely observant look. When dinner was over, Mr. Wynward heaped tae dishes on the dumb-waiter, wheeled it into the next room with his own hands, and came back to his seat at the table opposite tihe bill-discounter, who sat meditatively sipping his claret. Horace filled his glass, but remained for some time silent, without once lifting it to his lips. His companion watched him nor vously, every moment more impressed with the belief that there was something wrong in his new client's mind, and bent on malt ing a speedy escape. He finished his claret, looked at his watch, and rose hastily. "I think I must wish you good-night, Mr. Wynward. I am a man of early habits, and have some distance to go. My lodging is at Brompton, more than an hour's ride from here." " Stay," said Horace, " we have not be gun business yet. It's only nine o'clock. I want an hour's quiet talk with you-Mr. Levison." The bill- discounter's face changed. It was almost impossible tor that pallid mask of parchment to grow paler, but a sudden ghastliness came over the man's evil counto nanoe. "M ny name is Lewis," he said, with an artificial grin. " Lewis, or Lovison: men of your trade have as many names as they please. When you were travelling in Switzerland two years ago, your name was Levison; when you married Laura Daventry, your name was Levison." " You are under some absurd mistake, sir. The name of Leovison is strange to me." "Is the name of Daventry strange to you too ? You recognised my name yesterday. When you first heard it, I was a' happy man, Michael Levison. The blight upon me is your work. O, I know you well ououghl, and am provided with ample moans for your identification. I hIave followed you stop by stop upon your travels-tracked you to the inn from which you set out one Octo bor morning, nearly a year ago, with a com panion who was never seeoon alive by mortal eyes after that date. You are a good Ger man schlolar, Mir. Levison; road that." Horace WVynward took out of his pocket book the paragraph cut from the German paper, and laid it before his visitor. The bill-discountor pushed it away after a hasty glance at its contents. 'What has this to do with me?" he asked. " A great deal Mr. Levison. The hapless woman described in that paragraph was once your wife: Laura Davontry, the girl I loved, and who returned my love; the girl whom you basely stole from me by trading on hler natural affection for a weak unworthly father, and whose lifo you made wrotched, untilit was foully ended by your cruel hand. If I had stood behind you upon that lonely mountain pathway in the Tyrol, and had soon you hurl your victim to destruction, I could not be more convinced than I am that your arm did the dead; but such crimes as those are difficult-in this case perhaps im possible-to prove, and I fear you will es cape the gallows. There are other ciroum stances in you lifo, however, more easily brought to light; nnd by the aid of a clever detective I have made myself master of some curious secrets in your past existence. I know the name you bore some fifteen years ago, before you settled in Trinidad as a merchant. You were at that time called Michael Lucas, and you fled from this country wvith a largo sum of money, embezzled from your employers, Messrs. Hlarwoll and Oli phant, sugar-brokers in St. Nicholas-lane. You have boon wanted a long time, Mr. Lovison; but you would most likely have gone scot-free to the end, had I not set my man to hunt you and your antecedents." Michael Levison rose from his seat hastily, trembling in every limb. Horace rose at the same moment, and the two men stood face to face-one the very image of craven fear, the other cool and self-possessed. " This is a tissue of lies !" gasped Levi son, wiping his lips nervously with a handkerchief that fluttered in his tremulous fingers. " Have you brought me here to in sult me with this madman's talk ?" "I have brought you here to your doom. There was a time when I thought that if you and I over stood face to face, I should shoot you down like a dog; but I have changed my mind. Such carrion as you are not worth the stain of guilt upon an honest man's hand. It is useless to toll you how I loved the girl you murdered. Your savage nature would not comprehend any but the basset and most selfish passion. Don't stir another step-I have a loaded revolver within reach, and shall make an end of you if you attempt to leave the room. The police are on the watch for you outside, and you will leave this place for a gaol. Hark ! what is that ? " It was a footstep on the stairs outside, a woman's footstep, and the rustling of a silk dress. The dining-room door was ajar, and the sounds were very audible in the bare empty house. Miclhaol Levison made for the door, availing himself of this momentary diversion, with some vague hope of escape, but within a few paces of the door he recoiled suddenly with a hoarse gasping cry. The door was pushed wide open by a light hand, and a figure stood upon the threshold -a girlish figure dressed in black silk-a pale sad face framed by dark-auburn hair. "The dead returned to lifeo " cried Le vison. " Hide her, bhide her ! I can't face her! Letmogo!" He made for the other door, leading into the inner room, but found it locked, and then sank cowering down in his chair, cover ing his eyes with his skinny hands. The girl came softly into the room, and stood by Horace Wynward. " You have forgotten me, Mr. Levison," she said ; " and you take me for my sister's ghost. I was always like her, and they say I have grown more so within the last two years. We had a letter from you a month ago, posted from Trinidad, telling us that my sister Laura was well and happy there with you-yet you mistake me for the shadow of the dead ! " The frightened wretch did not look up. He had not yet recovered from the shock produced by his sister-in-law's sudden ap. poaranco. The handkerchief which he held to his lips was stained with blood. Horace Wynward went quietly to the outer door and opened it, returning presently with two men, who came softly into the room and ap proached Levison. He made no attempt to resist them as they slipped a pair of hand cuffs on his bony wrists, and led him away. There was a cab outside ready to convey him to prison. Emily Daveontry sank into the chair as he was taken from the room. " 0 Mr. Wynward," she said, "I think there can be little doubt of my sister's wretched fate. The experiment which you proposed has succeeded only too well." Horace had been down to Devonshire to question the two girls about their sister. He had been struck with Emily's likeness to his lost love, and had brought her up to London with him, in order to identify Le vison by her means, and to test the effect which her appearance might produce upon the nerves of the suspected assassin. The police were furnished with a compli cated mass of evidence against Lovison in his character of clerik, merchant, and bill discounter; but the business was of a nature that entailed much delay, and after several adjourned examinations the prisoner fell des poratoly ill of a heart disease from which he had suffered for years, but which grew much worse during his imprisonment. Finding his death certain, he sent for Horace Wyn ward, and to him confessed his crime, boast ing of his wife's death with a fiendish delight in the deed, which he called an act of ven geance against his rival. " I know you well enough when you came home, Horace Wynward," he said, "and I though it would be my happy lot to compass your ruin. You trapped me, but to the last you have the worst of it. The girl you love is dead. She dared to toll me that she loved you; defied my anger; told me that she had sold herself to me to save her father from disgrace, and confessed that she hated, and had always hated me. From that hour she was doomed. Her white face was aconstant reproach to me. I was goaded to madness by her tears. She used to say your name in her sloop. I wonder I did not cut her throat as she lay. there with the name upon her lips. But I must have swung for that. So I was patient, and waited till I could have her alone with me upon the mountains. It was only a push, and she was gone. I came home alone, free from the worry and fever of her presenco-except in my dreams. She has haunted them with her pale face and the one long shriek that wont'up to the sky as she fell." He died within a few days of this inter view, and before his final trial could take place. Time, that heals almost all griefs, brought peace by-and-by to Horace \VWyn ward. He furnished the house in Mayfair, and for some time led a misanthropical life there; but on paying a second visit to De vonshire, where the two Daventry girls lived their simple industrious life in their aunt's school, he discovered that Emily's likeness to her sister made her very dear to him, and in the following year he brought a mistress to Crofton in the person of that young lady. Together they paid a mournful visit to that lonely spot in the Tyrol where Laura Levison had perished, and stayed there while a white marble cross was erected above her grave. Fontonollo thus daintily compares women and clocks:-"The latter servo to point out the hours, the former to make us forget them." 