CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The first neeting of the session of 1870 took place in iriosbue on Wednesday, June 29, when the Bishop, a eident, delivered thefollowing IntAoOEAXfl AZDOSOL "My Bev. Brethren and Brethren of the Laity, It is with feelings of deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver'of all goed that I meet you at the opening of this, the second session of our second synod, to again take council with you, with the view to the ordering end 'well-governing of the Church in this diocese. "*Since the close of our last session several changes have tkend place in the constituent members of our bodyby the resignation of some of the lay members of our Synod, and the departure of others from the oolony. and Ioannot-allow this occasion to pss with out a bfef tribute of affectionate regard and respect (no )ivue I am eure that the members of the Synod of the Church in.this diocease will truly sympathies with me) for the memory of one of our clerical brethren, who, in the infinite orderings of Divine wisdom, was thus early taken from us. It was in August, 1867, that .he. Sov. Mr. Betting, who had previously been admiited by ee whilst;in England to the deaconite, joinied u at Brisbane, and scarcely two-and-a-half. yearn·~ ad aipsed from his entrance upon the active duties'.pf.dte ministry. when it seemed good to our Heal .. atha to call him from his labour into his ~?i e .thoepstoral dietriot of Warwick, where the jeet w pmonthiof his ministerial life were spent; in the popujpus.and important town of oekhampton, w hiehliad hoped 'might for many years have had thelvsatsgae of his single.minded and untiring dero. tionothsbbt.-ioe fof our Heartily Master; and in thie oodirnaetivsly iluiet town of Gladstone, where he had ue. rithlu:hope, if it.had.boon God's will, nf r-ri'g hi .?hatterd health, and where, in the . hom '? ?ip and sympathising friend, the few last weebli? l ladable life were spent-the memory of oar dear friend will long be held in affectionate re ard wnhilet his sorrowing widow, who is now on the Sve of li deposrýere, for her native land, will carry wi'thIae ep.'eihf tint synipathy.of those who had ea--rna i td?' u le h~rerexcelleat husband, and who, trssilyejpsthieing'withl hr eir this her deep affliction, yet weep nbt??ht the dead thus early called from his laboyrto:his -elt but fdor the loss 'to the Church of services so full fthe fairest promise, and for the sororw oot ?.shiWo araleft to mourn the loss of one so jetihysis daneo trul loved. "* lib' 9bb rt of the.Diooeson eoulncil which will be laid beforeyou you will see,'my re. briethren, and my 'hbrelen. of the laity;: that diring the present -essiop pf .+Sypod many.nphjepte of deep importance to thl*ilfiro of the Church in'this diocese will claimteii' ~ iure tbt they will receive, your patient and 4 plLd Eeiput . ', There will be laid before you fory r 'oopsidtct:isun the draft of a model trust deed, whislAies' 1everyarefelly, prepared, with a view idsl~ n %B. operty ofteelhurch in this colony, -tga eW 1.w~thab:~ rmof ceonrpyanec for incorporating ethet? ? fta ' canon for regulating the election Si?Byp s aln'miendnient.of the electoral canon ,py oea : a? uoad in it session of 1868, has -beepreparedby a select committee of the Diocesan f'C nu lijaD i be broukht befoite you. ou will e di it& ;to coonidera, drkft e?ton which has been :re . kith hawvieo? bff providing foithe formation ant o pf rishes,.and also a canon to provide orhi tohUbs otu osf hbeneoeesand the appointment .f;d.'y; uih y6u will b'asked to give your very "nar? ''Atauiteit b o the' report of a subecommittee, -whiah? s appointed-'byt??'e Diob saiOouncil to en mevai ntothe desirbility or-otherwise of repealing whesils commonly called Sir Riehard Bourkesa Act, Atga?le? :wthaibill whiehlsaa 1eie'prepared.for the puiupcie oFa f'eslinjet BWcirsain IV., No. 5, and 1fi" bPM .' ad plob to.incorporate the Synod .ftbheldfupeeofi tmebane. ' " tivaf yatt6nti oh rillr ie ; I i m brethren be le blemprt t inattir of ig a fand for Scoerpce orf ch' extension in the efieeejand to theneeessityofmaking some provision Sfclraeetig'thee eegr penes.of the Synod. W ir foa?it iriatters will be more ly o in the repot of the Diocesan nOosiel1 and the draft canons, which together with tIatyepo4 , w'll h? laid before you, .butthere are some f e .vpp' d nibth1 btwould wish to say a few words Syou more34 jd.etall. , ,' M.#f,.'a~y rec; thiee end brethren of the laity, we lto liwe i tionsf theoSynodph4ould tend, bder {Gode bluea~ingto ersmote the more healthy leeeldrev u pY'the mislonary ework f the Church in Ltbi~ Sainaw diocese, I believe it to be a matter of -a t ithoolte aceesitpy that .seeshould, without further 'delay, iaeugurete some scheme for the ?o#t n and establishment of a general Church exteonseon fnnmd,'whibh: can only be providrd by the .pe??di:sl=oontributions and hearty free-will offerings of thbelsthful members of the Chirch.' I casnot say that laltogetheriegret that the Diocesan Council was unable'to!roceed with its ciroulation of the appeal e(olesoi ofaDhiela arc now laid upon the table), as I believe lbat that appeal will go forth with greater forse totlhe mebmbers of the Church in the diocese, if t i'r-ikown thutt ? su beenau carefully considered in adn."roeisvea tliei sanction "of the Synod. If, lioweverbh.fth.taidxd bile it' ie onw proposed to raise is hott obe eonsade?d as meoely intended to meet the 'mp·~pe nirulsate-r a eesott' ieas 'p resent emergency, .butit l'. or?aiiish'thait it should become the porma osataentsliisoerhil trlafond of hodiocese, itappears to me that'?he appe?el should itself be more compre. .henmuirsnits ohiaracte?; ad that the regulationu under \- ili~h elafondaiebdminietered,absould be basedupon t 'torinolppe_ýoeMich has been adopted and so success -llly, wore.?o't in the 'dicasees of Sydney and Iesoabtle;, ' at~lshousld enibrace' the various objets -wld6h theheJ; toh, s the 'erangelizer. of the people, fibopsidtOamidertalh, and invite periodical contribh. -tises on behalf of- all or any of the proposed objects which any.of the asbscribing members may especially deBire to pro ote. It should also, I think, be care fallypoeoidared and generally made known whether *the.foidwhbieh it is proposed to raise is to be devoted clusel*fely totlhe- work ofObhurch extension in the dioesei?;orlwhetheritis tobecon?ldered as available for :te prj tieg-ana otheir general expenees of the Synod. LO" AGExcy. *' Thliubject of lay agency is one of very deep im portanee asd bmeof you, my brethren, may remem ber thtoinnmy opening address at the commencement of the lst.beession, said, ' If this valuable assistanoe is meeded for the Church at home, with her admirable p a -?ir'ol atem (the result of the pious liberality and foresightf f oir forefathers in days of old), much more-id it 'eeeesary in our colonies, where the ordained ministera of religion are comparatively few in number,'and many of them placed in charge of a npstoruldistriot iften larger in territorial extent than osomieof our English dioceses.' S It is good, my brethren, to the Ohurch at large itisgonbd; I am aore, for our brethren of the laity themselves-that they should be frequently reminded that a ?nway is open to them of usefulness in the 'Chrch'of'-God, and of affording much valuable aseietenee'to the oidained ministers of religion, not byaonbesrating to the serrice of the Lord their tithe only, or-tleir 4tabite of business as churchwardens, or their adininistrative talent as members of the Synod, but by superintending and teaching in the Sunday uhool, sad especially, where occasion requires, by doing the workeof an evangelist in conducting Divine service under the authority of the bishop and of tihe clergymen of the district. "'Buoh assistance would, at the present time, be aepeclally valuable in many rural districts within a rodiu offrsomilee to 'twenty miles from the city of Briebane, wherb the settlers have recently erected (or are contemplating the erection of) some rural churches., God may put it into the heart of some pious laymen to desire to offer themselves for the good work of affording the ministrations of our holy religion (so far as a layman is able to do so) to the settlers worship ing in these rural churches. "I will here, tmy brethren, repeat what I said, on a former cmesion, 'The employment of lay agency need not interfere with the due authority of a divinely oommiaeioned ministry. The faithful layman may, with the sanction 'of the bishop, conduct the soul stirring service of our book of common prayer. He may read and (if found competent to do so) explain the purport of God's written Word ; he Imay, under the'dircotion of the authorised minister, visit ithe sick, and comfort the sad-hearted, but he cannot administer the sacraments, or pronounce, with autllority, the declaration of Divine pardon to those who truly re pent and unfelgnedly believe the Gospel I he cannot e in hi Dirioe Mster's name, or dismiss with the solemn henedietion the congregation among whom he has misintered; and I will now only add in con ulnion with this deeply important subject that upon the application of'the lay oecers of the church repre senting the congregation of any rural district counter signed and sanetioned by tie clergymen of tlo dis tnef, or in default of such, by eome licensed clergy man of my diocese, I shall be willing upon their re aommentation to accept and formally ;motion the aHrious of a.ny pious end well*qualified layman who, may be led to offer himself for this work and labour of Christian love. SENDOWMENT OF PAWISHES. " I have already said that a canon will be laid before you, which has been prepared with the view of pro vidin_ for the formation and division of parishes, and also a amoon to providefor the constlitution of benefices and the appointment ofclergy. The Church extension fund, of which I have already spoken, will, I trust, be able to give very efficient assistance towards the main tonance of clergy in the more sparsely populated and newly settled districts of the interior; but the enact moets of our Synod are intended not only for the sup ply of our immediate necessities, but for providing, so far as we are able to do so, that when we ourselves are called to our account the ministrations of our holy religion in their fulness and efficiency may be continued to those who shall come after us. I have long been of opinion that in any colonial diocese where it is prac tmoable, a system of partial endowment for the support of the clergy, to be supplemented by the voluntary contributions of the nsombers of the congregation to whom they minister, will be found to be the most desirable and satisfactory expedient; that to be entirely supported by voluntary contributions places the clergy in a state of unhealthy dependence upon the will of the congregation ; whlst on the other hand the eye tem of entire endowment is expeaod to the danger of rendering the clergy too independent of the affectionate respect and good will of those who are committed to their pastoral supervision. I hope to have the satis faction of bringing under the control of the Synod, through the provisions of our model trust deed, certain portions of land which will, I trust, in due time form the nucleus of an endowment for several districts of the diocese; and I am anxious to take this opportunity of impressing upon the members of the Church in general, and of this Synod in particular, the importance of our now endeavouring, whilst land is comparatively of little value, to obtain benefactions of portions of land which may, like the glebes of the mother-country, hereafter form no unimportant item in the endowment of the clergy. The timely liberality of a gentleman resident in Sydney, and well known for his readiness to further every good work, has enabled me to procure some eligible portions of land to form, by his desire, the nucleus of a general endowment fund, out of which it is hoped that hereafter assistance may be given towards the gradual endowment of newly-constituted districts in the diocese. " SDUOA.,ON. "Whilst engaged in the organisation and develop ment of our own branch of the Church Catholic in this colony, we, my brethren, can never fail to watch with deep interest the progress of questions which are becupying the careful and anxious attention of the members of the Church at home; and oftheose I would, at the present time, especially instance the Education Bill which is now occapying the attention of the Imperial Parliament, and the re- organisation of the Irish Church, consequent upon its diseatablishment and partial disendowment, and the severance of its connection with the State. Undoubtedly there were grave reasons for the diseatablishment of a Church, which being recognised by the State as the religious instruotor of the people, yet claimed for its members but a small proportion of the population of the sister island ; and I cannot but believe that a real or sup posed grievance having, by the wisdom of the Im. perial Legislature, been removed, true religion will ere long flourish more abundantly in the sister island by the blessing of Almighty God upon the enasures which are being taken or the voluntary re. organisation of. that branch of the Catholic Church of Christ. Long, my brethren, may the Church of England continue to be the' national Church of our much-loved fatherland; long has she been-as even those who are not of her communion will, I am sure, be ready to acknowledge-the great educators of that land; and year by year she is becoming more and more in reality what she has long been in name-the Church of the people. Two great hind ances to her progress have been the unwillingness of the State to allow any extension of herepiecopate, and the almost exclusive occupation by a small portion of the community of those venerable parish churches which should have continued to be as once they were -the heritage of all. The recent restoration of the ameo of bishop suffragan hasheappily at least partially removed one great impediment to her progress, and a stumbling-block has been taken away which must sooner or later have led to her severance from the State; while, if the Church in our fatherland should are long unhappily be disestablished, we have long since learnt, from the rapid growth and development of an uneatablished Church in the United States of North America and the colonies of the British empire, that, as the Church was no creation of the State, so her vitality need not be impaired by her sevorance from it. "Few subjects, my brethren, are of greater import ance than the education of our children, and those who have watched with interest the animated discus- sions which lately have taken place in the mother country can scarcely fail to have observed that an overwhelming majority of the people will happily only I be satisfied with a system of education which is based upon religion, whilst a very general disapproval has been expressed of the proposal that parents should altogether be relieved of the duty of contributing to wards the expense of the education of their children. "In this colony within the last few months the payment of all fees by the parents of children who are educated in schools assisted by the State has been abolished. I do not doubt the good intentions of the Government in the adoption of this policy, but although it will doubtless, for a time at least, increase the number of children in attendance at our schools, I very much doubt the expediency or necessity for such an alteration. If the addition to the salaries of the teachers in our schools is to be really equal, as it justly should, to the loss they have sustained through the compulsory abolition of the school pence, it will neceseitate a very considerable augmentation of the Parliamentary grant for the purposes of education, whilst very few, comparatively speaking, of the parents of children in this colony are, I believe, either unable or unwilling to recognise their natural obligation to provide in some measure for the education of their children ; and I cannot but think that, iftheliberality of Parliament is willing to devote a larger portion of the public revenue to the purposes of education, it would have been a more judicious appropriation of an augmented grant, both to have improved the character of the education given in our primary schools, and to have inaugurated some well-considered system for the establishment of boarding-schools in the more sparsely populated districts of the interior, where I grieve to say that a large number of children are permitted to grow up in a state of the most lamentable ignorance, whose parents are utterly unable, without some such assistance, to provide for the education of their children, although they would readily contribute towards the salaries of the teachers, if schools were once established. "There are other important subjects upon which, my brethren, I should have been glad to have asddr.seed you had time permitted; but I must pass on to say a few words with regard to the progress of church extension in the diocese during the past year, and I feel that, with deep thankfulness to tlhe Almighty Giver of all good, we may humbly aeknow ledge that the material progress during that time has not been unsatisfactory, especially when we hear in mind the state of commercial and financial depression which still continues to press heavily upon the colony. May God of Hie infnite merry grant that each step in material progress may tend to the quickening and building up of many an awakened soul in our most holy faith. The new church of All Saints, on Wickham-terrace, having been opened for Divine service on the 8th of September last, now affords additional accommodation to many who had anxiously desired to worship within its walls; and when I tell you that the offertory from Easter 1869, to Easter 1870 (during a considerab!e portion of which time the congregation were obliged to meet for Divine worship in the School of Arts), produced no less a sum than £578 6s. 9d.-the free-will offering of a congregation which is far from being the wealthiest of those that assemble themselves together within the limits of the municipality - and that subsequently to the passing of the churchwardens' accounts at Easter, the collections each Sunday seem to have steadily increased, owing in greet measure to the larger number of coins that each Lord's Day are now cast into the plate, a proof that a much smaller pro portion of the congregation than heroetofore are un willing to recognise the duty acknowledged in those words of the Royal Psalmist, 'All things come of Thee, and of Thine Own have we given Thee.' We need not, I think, fear that in a church open to re oeive all who desire to worship within its walls with a hearty and devotional congregational service, a clergy man active in the diligent observance of thalt house to house visitation which is one of the most important obligations of the pastoral oflice, and churchlwardens really anxious to discharge that labour of love whlich appertains to their important office, that at least in towns of any importance, a faithful clergy, wholly occupied in their high calling, need fail to receive such a scale of remuneration as will enable them to live without continual anxiety and carefulness, a faithfil laity acknowledging that it is their duty to set free from anxiety with regard to carnal things those whose high calling it is to minister to them in things spiritual, and desiring that their clergy should not only be able to enjoy the decent proprieties and comforts of their position, but to educate their chil dren, and make some provision against the casualties of life and tile infirmities of age. " Those of you, my brethren, who are in the habit of using our Southern and Western Railway, will scarcely need to be reminded of the convenient and really handsome church which now greets the eye of the traveller as the train stops at the station at Too wonmba; a building creditable alike to the liberality of the inhabitants of that town and neighbourhood, and the utiring energy of the clergyman of the dis trict, whilst the visitor to Brisbane who is anxious to make himself acquainted with the agricultural capa. bilities of its neighbourhood is likely in his tour of investigation to visit the farming settlements on the banks of the river at Oxley Creek, where he can scarcely fail to be reminded of some of the village chuorhes of our native land, when his eye is first arrested by the seemly appearance of the rural church, which has with so much pious care been recently erected by the inhabitants of the district. It will, moreover, be interesting to you, my brethren, to know that a church is in course of erection at Port Mackay, which is at present the most northern settlement of the diocese, that the handsome stone church which is now being erected at Warwick will, I hope, be open for Divine service in timhe course of the next month, and that the settlers at the Albert River, the Pim pama, and the Bald Hills, have recently been in com munication with me with a view to the erections of churches in those districts. Neither can I omit to mention the Church of St. Augustine of Canterbury, which is almost immediately about to be built in the town of Leyburn, and the erection of which will be attended with circumstances of more than ordinary interest inasmuch as it is the free will offering to my diocese of the boys of the endowed school of Uppinghiam, in the county of Rutland, at whose cost it will be erected, and who, having thus testified their interest in the progress of the Church in one of the colonies of the British empire, are now, I understand, about to inaugurate a home mission in one of the poorest and most destitute districts of our native land. " The formation of new districts is one, my brethren, of the most satisfactory proofs of the real progress of Church extension, and I am thankful to be able to report the recent formation of the new district of Allora, under the pastoral charge of the Rev. Mr. Clayton, whilst it must be gratifying to my excellent friend, the Archdaoon of this diocese, to know that that large area which hlad for so many years constituted his unwieldy pastorate, and within which he had happily been permitted to lay the foundation of so many separate congregations, is now sub-divided into ehe several parochial districts of Drayton, Toowoomba, Warwick, Dalby, Leyburn, and Allors. "The several places at which I have held confirma tions in the course of the last year were-Brisbane, Ipswich, Western Creek, Leyburn, Warwick, Gympie, Maryborough, Gayndah, Drayton, and Toowoomba, and the number admitted by that apostolie right to the full membership of the Church were 816. *If, my brethren, I am spared to preside over the session of 1871, it is my purpose, preparatory to the meeting of Synod, to address a circular letter to my rev. brethren, the clergy of the diocese, with a view of obtaining information upon several matters of statistical detail in connection with their parishes, which it is very desirable should be laid before the Synod; end I am not without the hope that I may then, God willing, be able to give you some definite information with regard to the formation of a new see-to comprise the northern portion of the colony of Queensland, a considerable portion of which is. at present included within the diocese of the metropolitan Bishop of Sydney. "I took the opportunity of the presence of a con siderable number of the clergy of the diocese during the session of last year to invite them to a conference for the purpose of considering how-I will not say their labours may be lessened, but their opportunities for good increased, by the employment of lay agency in the diocese; and I hope that my lay brethren, the Synodsmen, who are present for the purposoofattend. ing our present session, will allow me to invite them to a conference upon that very important subject, which it is proposed shell be held in this chamber on Baturday next. " And now, my rer. brethren and my brethren of the laity, thanking you for the patient attention with which you hare listened to my address, I would ' commend you to God, and to the word of His Grace which is able to build you up and give you an inheritance among all them that are sanctilfied,' earnestly praying that by the blessing of the Holy Ghost the delibera tions of our Synod may tend to take away from amongst us whatever is likely to hinder godly union and concord; that 'as there is but one body, and one spirit, and one hope of our calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of us all, so we may henceforth be all of one heart and of one soul, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may, with one mind and one mouth, glorify Tlhee through Jesus Christ our Lord.' " Thanks were accorded to the President for his aidress. (The Synod is still eitting. We select the following from reports of its proceedinge): DIOOcI COUCIL. The Rev. Mr. Matthows brought up the following report : 1\. In presenting their report for the past year, the Diocesan Council have great satisfaction in recording the fact that only one meeting out of servenoteen held during the year lapsed for want of a quorum. 2\. Two vacancies occurred in the Council during tihe year-one in consequence of the departure of dMr. Douglas to Europe, and the other by tie resignation of Mr. Bernays. Tile Council, in pursuance of the powers granted to them in that behalf by clause 7 of the Diocesun Council canon, appointed Mir. C. Cozen and Mr. W. H. Walsh to fill the vacancies. 3\. The subjects referred by the Synod to the Diocesan Council, by way of "instruelion," were : (1.) The desirability, or otherwise, of petitioning the Legislature to repeal Sir R. Bourke's Act. (2.) The establishmcnt of a book depository. (S.) The establishment of a clergy widows' and orphans' fund. (4.) Assisting the clergy of out-lying districts in giving attendance at Synod; and (5.) Nature and value of property held in trust for Church purposes. 4\. Withi reference to tile first of these, the Council have to inform tihe Synod that they appointed a sub committee to take tile matter into conslderation, who brought up0 a report, which, together with the draft bill appended thereto, the Council now beg to lay be fore the Synod for consideration. 5\. The matter of tle book depbt was referred to a sub-committee for a report thereon, and a plan was suggested by which tihe same could be established, but no further action has been or can be taken there in by reason of the want of funds. 6\. Whilst the Council acknowledged the importance of the matter, they at the same time regret that tlhPy have been unable to take any stops towards the estab lishment of a widows' and orphans' fund. 7\. A sub-committee of the Council, to whom was remitted the question us to the best mode of meeting the expenses of the clergy attending the Synod, re commend that the respective parishes provide for the travelling expenses of their clergy ; and the Council feel assured that members of the Synod will meet with that hospitality whichi the circumstances require. 8\. The Council found it impracticable to inquire into the nalure and value of all properties held in trust for Church purposes. They would, however, draw attention to the fact that schedule II. (return of property, &.e), and the balance sheet appended to the report, of the select committee on diocesan accounts, published in the report of the proceedings of the last session of Synod, contain full ae.,ounte of the matters referred to therein. The Council also have to report that the Bishop has laid before them a schedule detailing the nature and locality of the properties and securities on which the money contributed for the endowoneut of the see is .invested; but, the Council are of opinion that for obvious reasons it is not de sirable to publish such a docnment. And theCouncil beg fuorler to report that it is tihe Bishop's intention, with tle concurrence of tho Colonial Bishoprics' Coun-nil, 0 soon as the Synod is in a position to make an arrangnrmecnt for paying the stipend of the Bishop, to ihand over to the Synod such of the eecuritnes as they nmay be willing to receive, and to take himself those which the Synod may deem doubtful or bad, paying to the Synod the capital of Ibese latter in full. 9\. Tile select committees appointed by the Synod to sit during the recess were four in number: on the subjects of enrolment of church members, preparation of trust deed, amendment of Marriage Act, and education. 10\. The last mentioned committee has met whoen ever occasion required, but at present it is not thought necessary to bring up any report. 11\. Of the others, the committee on the trust deed is the only one which has reported, atid the result of their labours has been given to members of the Synod in the copies of the draft trust deed, and conveyance incorporating the trusts, the originals of which are now laid upon the table. 12\. With respect to the enrolment of Church members, the Council have to report that three of the gentlemen appointed on that committee are no longer members of the Synod. The mover for the select committee (who has left the diocese) has sent to the secretary of the Council a rough draft canon on the subject, and the Council bog to recommend to the Synod that the complement of the committee be made up, and the matter remitted to them. 13\. A select committee of the Council was appointed to consider the provisions of the electoral canon, and to report thereon, which they did; and expressed their opinion that the canon was defective and required amendment. They also prepared a draft canon to accomplish that object which the Council now lay be fore you. 14\. The draft canon on the formation and division of parishes is again submitted for your consideration. There is a growing feeling among members of the Church generally that some measure of the kind is needed as a step to a more complete organisation. bhe principle of the canon is the same as the former one, but the mode of constituting ecclesiastical dis tricts is simplified. 16\. The question of appointing clergy to parishes is a grave and difficult one, and the Council ask you to give careful attention to the draft canon on the subject laid before you. 16\. The very important matter of raising a fund for general church purposes-principally to procure and provide the means of grace for those distrints at pre sent without them-has occupied the attention of the Councils and the committee thereon recommended that a special appeal be made throughout the diocese for the purpose ; the draft of which appeal they also drew up. But, in consequence of the want of funds,. the Council were unable to proceed with the circulation of the appeal, copies of which are now laid upon the table, and which the Council hope will receive the early attention of the Synod. 17\. In close connection with the above is the not less important subject of obtaining a due supply of clergy. The Council have taken steps in reference hereto which they hope and believe will have the desired result. 18\. The Council earnestly beg the Synod to take into serious consideration the matter of defraying the expenses of the Synod. As will be seen by the trea surer's balance-sheet, published herewith, an overdraft of nearly £85 had to be obtained in order to enable the printing account to be paid, and for this amount certain members of the Council are jointly and serer ally responsible. There are seven places returning nembers to the Synod which have not contributed towards the Synod fnd ; and even should these places have sent in collections proportionate to those re ceived from other places, there would still be a defi ciency to the amount of oneo-half of the overdraft. The Council would therefore recommend to thoSynod the desirability of deciding upon some equitable mode of assessment for Synod expenses, and the propriety of enforcing the payment of the same. E. W. Baanson, Chairman. PBOR.?8S OP CnHRCH WORK. Mr. Green moved,--"Thbat, in the opinion of thbis Synod, the address of Wednesday must not be taken as an expression of the satisfaction of the members of the Synod with the progress of Church work in the diocese during the year." Mr.4uter seconded the metion. The Bev. Mr. Jones supported the motion, and dwelt at considerable length on the different wants of the diocese which were yet unsatisfied. He remarked, among other things, upon the urgent need of a suffra gan bishop, and upon the very inadequate and miser able payments made to many devoted clergymen in some districts. He referred also to the Church exten sion, and stated that the building of the new church at OCley Creek represented the whole pecuniary efforts of the Church of England in Queensland to entwine herself round the confidence and affection of thepeople as a hardworking Church for a long time back. Mr. Herding also supported the motion, and referred to the want of clergymen, and the withdrawal ofeome of the ministers from their labours, and asked what steps had been taken to filu the vacancies. fMr. Dickson moved an amendment on the motion to the effect " that while, in the opinion of the Synod, the extension of the Church in this diocese has not been so extensive as could be desired, yet, considering the greet depression which has been hanging over the colony, the working of the Church in Queensland may be considered on the whole as satisfactory." He reminded them that great depression lead prevailed over the colony for the last year, and he could see no practical use in deploring their past deficiences. He thought the best plan to adopt would be for the Synod to take some line of action which might make the work of Church extension more successful in the future. Mr. Justice Lutwyche seconded the amendment. Mr. Suter opposed the amendment, and said that instead of congratulation, there were many reasons why they should be ill-satisfied with the progress which had been made during the past year. The general depression of the colony lhad been alluded to, but he could not see that the depression had anything to do with his lordship's duties. He thought that if his lordship's address, instead of congratulating them a?oeir progress, had etated that he was not at all satisfied with the conduct of the Synod, and that the state of the diocese was not what he would wish, it would have been better. The President said that his address seemed to hare been misunderstood. He did not esy that the pro gross of the Church had been satisfactory; he had said that it was not unsatisfactory, which was a very different thing, and a very mild way of putting it. He had also pointed out that no good could be done until the Synod put its shoulder to the wheel in the form of a Church extension fund, which lie had fre quently urged on the Synod as a great vital point. They were embarked on tihe voluntary system, which meant that they were all to put their hands in their pockets, and to do what threy could. The way in which the progress of the diocese had not been un satisfactory, however, was that they bad consolidated; and, although they had not done very much, be believed much more in doing something concentrated than in diffusing the work too much. He was very glad that the question had been mooted, because it would stir up the laity to take up the work of Church extension. He believed also that congregationsshould have a voice in the appointment oftheir clergy, and he had allowed the different congregations to recommend any clergyman they wished. His Lordslaip referred to the sending home to England for elergymnen, which be considered inadvisable till they had some settled funds, as ministers would not come out except they were guaranteed a certain respectable salary. He felt his own physical inability for the proper workinig of this diocese, and he might say that he would be glad to make way for another to ill his place. If he thought he could promote the welfare of the diocese he would do so neotyear. Referring to the vacancies which had been alluded to, he said that he thought their numbers would not be long deficient, as he believed that a clergyman who had volunteered to come out was on his way from England. He was also about to ordain Mlr. Maetaggarty, who had done good work in the colony; end he believed that, from whet information he had, he could say that the diminution of clergy would be made up shortly. With regard to more frequent visilations of the different districts, he was in farourof having what the Bishop of Adelaidehed found very desirable, a travelling chaplain, to go wher ever the bishop requested him. He did not believe, however, that the Synod would be able to do much this year until they inaugurated the Church fund. Regarding the ordinance of confirmation, he had administered it nearly everywhere in the colony where there was a clergyman to present candidates, except Port Mackay. Hfe did not go to Rocrkhampton, but he was going there this year. Hoe would be glad to see a suffragan hirhop appointed, but he did not at present believe it was practicable. He lhad said in the close of his address that he hoped to see the formation of a Northern see. SeveraI people thounght that the £1000 could be better laid out, but lihe did not think so; and lie hoped to hear in the course of a few months that the soee was in course of formation, as he knew a person to whom it had been offered. He pur posed to give up the whole northern portion of the colony, from Dawes' Range, which they heard so much talked about. His Lordship tllen referred to the ap pointmentof a minister at Lrerburn. ,, hich he said had been attended with great good. 1Io had asked a number of his brethren to slcert him the next day to consider the best scheme of lay agency. He had asked the clergymen of Brisbane to find out some earnest and pious layman who would undertaketoconductthe services in the suburban churches, but he was sorry to say that le had yet received no response. He hoped, however, lhe would yet receive a reply, for people who had no senbtance to bestow for the good of the ObChurch, they should bestow, what wasear more valuable, their heart and time to the cause of God. One scheme, which he th.aýnht valuable, and which he had tried to initiate, was flie bringing out a class of schoolmasters for the diocese, who were also deacons, and who could perform the higher offices of the Church in the absence of a clergyman. Ilii Lordship concluded by saying that he did not at all intend his address to be one of congratulation, for he did feel that they were not making great progress.' He did not wish, however, to "throw cold water" on the Synod's previous efforts, or find fault with it; but he did now find fault with it for not having its Church extension fund inaugurated, and he did not. think the session would be of any good if that fand were not at least commenced. Mr. Bryant said that his Lordship had laid great stress upon the appeal for the collection of funds, but he (Mr. Bryant) was convinced that the appeal woold turn out a most egregious failure ; for throughout the colony, north, west, east, and south, there was a dead ness and want of sympathy which he was sure would be difficult to remove. He said it with all respect, and he did not wish to give pain, but he believed the heart had died out of the people because of his Lordship's treatment of his clergy. A feeling had got possession of the people that his treatment of his clergy was characterised by an utter want of sympathy with them; he never mixed with them, and refrained from giving them that sap port which they had a right to expect from him. Many of the distriets-Bookhampton for instance had never seen his Lordship's face for months, for years, and they didn't know him, as they should know their bishop. By his Lordship's treatment of his clergy the spirits of the laity were damped; and he could positively assert that unless his Lordship made it his business to go through the colony in person-no eubstitute would do-and stir up the people, he would never obtain any satisfactory answer to the appeal. In the course of his speech, Mr. Bryant referred to the case of the Rev. Mr. Betting, who be said wasallowed to die in Roekhampton. The President said that he wrote to Mr. Botting at tho time of his illness, and invited him to come to his house and stay as long as be pleased, and he also offered to obtain him a cure in Tasmania, if it would agree with him more, or to stop at Brisbane and re ceive medical advice. He (his Lordship) was sorry if the clergy thought he wanted sympathy with them, because it was not so. He had refrained from inter fering with the clergy in order to allow them to hold an independent condition, Mr. Blakeney thought the clergymen should visit the outlying districts. In the west there were places where the face of a clergyman was never seen. He hoped that the bishop would as soon as possible get these clergymen of which he had spoken. He hoped, and he believed, that they would be more prosperous than members seem to think. Mr. Green replied. The originalmotion was then put and carried. t--BOON TO THE ABORI??fES. The President drew the attention of the Synod to the following letter which he had reoeived from the Pastoral Conference of the German Lutheran Church : " South Brisbane, June 30, 1870. REight Rev. Sir,-At a recent meeting of the Pastoral Conference of the German Lutheran Church of Queensland, held at Ipswich, the provisional com mittee for a mission to the aborigines of. the colony deputed me to excite an interest among the English Churches of the colony with a view to aid them in carrying out the proposed object. Stherefore take the liberty of asking your Lord ship, if the object be worthy of it, to place the matter* before the Synod over which you preside, in order to asoertain the sentiments, and, if possible, to give ex pression to them, with reference to the mission we are about to undertake. An answer from your Lordship, addressed as under, will oblige, "Your most obedient servant, "Joern G. H?ueutmi, Jan." He moved that the letter be taken into consideration next day.-Carried. Mr. Suter moved,-" That this Synod resolvre itself into a committee of the whole to take into consideration the question of flnance as pressed by the report of the Council, and by his lordship's address, upon the attention of the Synod." He said that this was one of the most important questions which would come before the Synod. The most pressing want of the diocese at present was clergymen, and to provide for this he believed that some scheme for the creation of a fund for this purpose, and for the other wants of the diocese, should be at once created. He would therefore move that the house resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the question. He regretted very much the absence of the country clergy, as the laity would not be sufficient to carry the matter to a successful issue without their aid. The laity had their temporal affairs to continu ally call their attention from spiritual matters, but with the clergy it was different. Mr. Green seconded the motion, which was put and carried. Tihe President then vacated the chair, and the Synod resolved itself into a committee of the whole. The President said that lie was perfectly willing to enter upon the question of finance. He was quite sure that neither lie nor any of the clergy had any ambiguousness upon the point, although they did not wish to be mixed up with the question too much. He himself had been greatly blamed for the manner in which he had conducted the financial affairs of the Church. He, however, felt that some urgent action was required at present to resuscitate the fundsof the Church, and he would suggest that the plan which had been adopted in the diocese of Newcastle and found to work with the greatest success should be initiated here. The plan consisted in the creation of a Church extension fund which would embrace the whole work of the Church. The fund would be divided into four different branches, for the following objects: Firseet, the sustentation of the clergy; second, the erection of churches; third, the support of eduoa tion; and fourth, for the general purposes of Church extension. He thought that this scheme would be sure to work well, and succeed in raising a large revenue. There were many people who would sub scribe liberally if they were sure that their money would be put to a certain purpose which they had at heart-such as the sustentation of the clergy or the erection of churches-and their wishes would be met in this respect by the creation of this fund, as they could then subscribe to whichever of the objects they thought most desirable. Mr. Suter thought that they should provide, in the first instance, the £1600 which was necessary to bring out three clergymen from England, and the question was how to raise that sum in a short space of time P Mr. Blakeney thought the questionofclhurch build ing should be left to the Church members in each district. He believed that if they could once get a zealous clergyman to settle in the country the mem bers of the Church would soon fnled the means of erecting a building in which to worship God. He did not believe in the scheme shadowed forth by his Lord ship, which, if carried out, would entail the necessity of keeping complicated accounts-which would be a source of serious expense, and he did not believe it would prove satisfactory in the end. He thought it would be better to have one general fund for the purpose of employing clergymen, and leave the build ing of churches and other objects to the Church members in each district. Mr. Justice Lutwyche approved of his Lordship's scheme, and thought it eminently practical. It had succeeded in New South Wales, and had been also very sueceesful in this diocese to the small extent to which it had been tried. Rev. J. Matthews said that the fund should be es tablished without in any way interfering with the usual parochial contributions; and the people should be disabused of the idea that, in contributing towards it, they were rendering any parochial contribution un necessary. The members of the Church of Englandin this colony were something like 37,204, out of which, after deducting children and others, they had about 9000 members who should contribute towards the sup port of the Church, and if each of those gave seixpence a week, they would have about £12,000 per annum for church purposes, but the chief difficulty would be to find proper machinery to collect it. HRu did not think that the churchwardens, although very estimable per sons, were equal to the task. He felt sure that the people were willing enough to subscribe, and possessed plenty of menus to do so, if a proper system of collec tion was properly organised. He would suggest that a snmall psrochinl council, to assist the churchwardene and take part of the pecuniary affairs, should be insti tuted in each parish. If such a system were once esiablished, it would prove very efficacious in the rais ing of funds. After some further discussion, Mr. Blakeney mored,-That in the opinion of the committee it is expedient that a central Church ex tension fund should be at once established, such fund to be administered by the Diocesan Council. That the objects of such society--[What "society P"] -should be-(.) The introduction of clergymen to the colony. (2.) The maintenance of the clergy in the diocese generally. .(8.) The support and travelling expenses of itinerating clergy for the bushdistricte. (4) Theereetionandrepairofoehrches and parsonages generally. (6.) Education of children of tmembersof thechlrch. (6.) Othergeneralchureh purposes (not including synodieal epeneea). That the members of Church seould be informedthatdona tions and euboriptions will be received by theoioneil, and strictly approprited towardsearrying intoeffeotthe. wishes of the donors. The resolution was put and passed.' aZaAnas &c.; Bev. James Matthews moved,-" That this Synod, boaring in mind that one of. the chief objects of the Church of Christ is to teach men that in consequence of the watchful careof the Almighty God overallHis people it is nevrer right for them to do iy evil, no.,. matter what good theyj may seem to aittLin thereby, J and fully recognising that for this end the Church itself should set an eminentesample 6fifaith andun- ' worldliness, resolves that it will repudiate:and die. courage to the utmost all bazaars, iotteries n.?.al .h , means of raising money for Church pur?see., with which gambling and other eviles scr neenep-ably-.:' mixed. r: The motion was seconded by the Ber. B. G. Moberly, and, after a lengthy debate,?; Mr. Suter moved, and Sedge Imtw?chessondd, the previous qution, iwhich was carried onadivsion.: by14ito 9. BXPeNeS OPnB.BOD. Ber. James Matthews moved,-" Whereas it win .?i dispensable to.provide afund foe deferaylg the puint. log and other neessary expenses of .the ynod, itp. hereby required of every parish in the diocese return. ing members to the Synod to py to the Treasuro " the Synod, on or before Wednesday in ?Eaite~ k w?~n each year, a contribution of notiess than??peft b:bi'' on the amount of the salary of the olergymeitheeof. i~t: The motion . was seconded by hias lRoorJ.dg, Lutwyaed, and (after some bdincs[neon, der v "?w?tbeh an amendment warspropo sy Mr K lhth it b referred to a seleot commtte)rrd 