Vive 1.9 Sport, by All Means. j Y\'h remember in the days of our youth becoming suddenly possessed | of a cock sparrow. With the deadly stone we knocked him off the ; edge of the water butt, and he fell speechless into a flowerpot, and j he was ours. For a long time we could not for the life of us deter. : mine what to do with our treasure. We consulted several boys, well ; up in pigeons, and they said " fly him and shy at him," but this did , ! not meet our views. At last, a little wretch who kept rabbits sugj gested the tying of a string to its leg, and letting it out and pulling : it in again. This was a bright idea, and we acted on it at once. No j one can imagine the joy that unfortunate bird afforded us. How we | opened its beak and crammed the biggest lob-worms we could find i down its throat, and then let it fly,.only to be pulled back by the ; string, and have more worms crammed, into its unfortunate stomach. | That bird would have done credit to an alderman in point of stuffing. At last we got tired of our pet, and we determined one day to have a grand sacrifice. We thereupon held a council of war with our j brother, the youth " up in pigeons," and the rabbit urchin. He of the pigeons was for plucking it alive (the boy is now a lawyer). Rabbits wanted to " give it to the cat, in a safe place, where it could'nt fly away." But 'we were of opinion that it would afford the greatest and the long eat amusement if we clipped- its wings and then chased it with sticks. This plan was at last agreed upon. The hunt didn't last long; sparrow hadn't the ghost of a chance (we took care of that) from the first; pigeons, with a well-directed Wow on the head, struck the poor little bird lifeless before it had gone a dozen yards, and the greatest excitement of our youth was at an end. In the evening we cooked and ate it (surreptitiously of course), worms and all. Now wasn't all this very cruel ? And yet we don't know what to think when we read the accounts of the meets of the Melbourne Hounds. If we are cruel to the I sparrow, are not the hunters cruel to the tame deer? Where is the difference? Bird-hunting was sport to us although death to the sparrow. Deer-hunting is, we presume, sport to the members of the hunt only on a larger scale. And yet we have no doubt had we youngsters been seen at our '-' sport" by a member of the " Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals," we should have had our ears well boxed, and a sound lecturing into the bargain. Is not deerkilling with dogs as bad as bird-killing with sticks ? If so, where is the " Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals," and why isn't there somebody to box the ears of the "huntsmen," and lecture them on the brutality of their proceedings ? If meji will hunt and break their necks aud collar- bones, let them return to the '•' drag," and chase the scented bloater over hill and dale. The only harm they can then do is to themselves. If they will do this, and return to their herrings, no one will more heartily join in the cry of " Vive le Sport" than ourselves ; but for the sake of all that is merciful, let us have (in aland that can boast a BROMBY and PERRY) as little more of cruelty to animals as possible. 