COUNTRY LETTERS. VIRGINIA, June 18. Father Byrne, of Salisbury, lectured on "Daniel O'Connell," at the Assembly Boom, on Thursday evening, in aid of the Catholic School. There was a good attendance, and the address was highly appreciated. The seasonable rains have gladdened the hearts of fanners, most of whom have done sowing. A meeting of the Agricultural Society was held last week to arrange for the annual ploughing match. The various Friendly Societies are still making active preparations for a grand united picnic. It is hoped they will have seasonable weather. POET VICTOR, June 20. The corner-stone of the Institute was laid on Thursday by Hiss Williams. Considering the threatening weather, and the pressing engage ments of the fanners, there was a fair atten dance. The lady was conducted to the stone by the President, Mr. R. Allen, who presented her with a mallet prepared for the occasion. Three cheers were given, and acknowledged by Mr. 'Williams. The President then spoke of. the progress made by and the future prospects of the Institute. There is about £50 in hand, and the building will cost when completed about £120. The library bas a large number of books, and in the room is a harmonium and various other musical instruments, so that facilities for enjoyment are offered to members. At Mr. Allen's store tea was prepared; and in the evening an entertainment--presided over by Mr.' J. Thornley, J.P.-comprised of songs, choruses, solos, recitations, and the farce " The Steeplechase," all admirably given. PORT WAKEFIELD, June 22. On Saturday evening, Monday, and Thursday we had soaking showers. The crops are looking well. The roads leading into the port axe in a bad state in consequence of late rains. BALAKLAVA, June 21. The weather is highly favourable for farmers, and wheat and grass are growing fast. Anniversary services and meetings were held in the Wesleyan Chapel, Dalkey, lately, when there was a large attendance. The Institute formed six months ago has proved a failure for want of support. The few books purchased were distributed amongst the origina tors last night. Since the wet weather set in farmers complain that there is no shelter for tramway trucks when loaded, and no certainty when they will go down, as they do not go eveiy day. A loose state of things prevails. One'farmer had to bale the water out of a truck before loading it with wheat, and then leave it at the mercy of the wind and weather, until the contractor thought fit to haul it to the Port. Unless the Government erect sheds for the protection of property the sellers will not use the line. MOUNT PLEASANT, June 20. The Institute quarterly soiree was held in the large room of the Totness Hotel on Thursday ' evening; Mr. Wm. Randall in the chair, when the room was filled with an appreciative audience. The entertainment commenced by Miss Moore and Mr. G. Daniel performing a piano duet in good style, and Mr. J. W. Daniel spiritedly read a "Scene from the Battle of Inkermann." The chorus, " Wandering MinstrelB," was followed by an interesting reading from Mr. H. A. Giles, "The Sea Cap tain's Story." Miss, Master Arthur, and Mr. Daniel sang the amusing comic trio " Kafoo selum," which was loudly encored. The beau tiful chorus, "Flow, softly flow, thou murmuring stream" followed, and a Parliamentary scene, " The Farewell of the Strangways' Ministry," pro voked merriment. The second part commenced with an instrumental duet from " Traviata," nicely played by Messrs. Moore and C. Daniel. Mr. T. Roberts read Hood's humorous story of "Mary's Ghost," and Miss and Mr. Daniel rendered the lovely duet " Ever of Thee" with, taste and feeling. A Parliamentary dialogue was amazingly presented by Messrs. H. Bushell and G. Phillis. Mr. W.-Rogers's reading, "The Doctor's Fright," was well received, and a comic duet by Miss and Mr. Daniel was redemanded. Choruses were rendered by the Harmonic Society very creditably, and the whole proceed ings were pleasing. The district has had glorious weather, and corn and grass give good promise of yielding an abundant crop. The rains have also given a large supply of water to the diggers, making their work easier and more i>rofitable than it has been for some months. GAWLER, June 23. Yesterday, while Mr, J. Harris was in his buggy, it was capsized and smashed in Murray street, owing to the horse rearing and kicking. With two sons, he was "thrown out, but fortu nately escaped without any more injury than some severe bruises. The holiday on Tuesday was closely kept, but the weather was unfavourable for outdoor sports, being showery and damp. A juvenile football match was played on the Park Lands, in spite of rain and mud, by two zealous Clubs. Wednesday was lovely, and would have been delightful for a holiday, but to-day is cold, and it has been raining throughout. Farmers are again hopeful. Seme are still ploughing, and intend to try a late sowing, as they think the season promises to be favourable for that. WILLUNGA, June 20. This district has had a fair average of rain during the past few weeks, and farmers consider that they have not had so favourable a season for several years. Vegetation is kept moist by the continuation of light showers. There is very little doing at the flax mill. The remains of Mr. Toll, the proprietor and landlord of the Alma Hotel, who died on Friday, were deposited in St. Stephen's burial ground on Sunday, at 1 p.m. Seldom "have so many joined in a funeral procession as on that occasion. Tbe deceased had been a colonist for 20 years, the greater part of which he spent here. Lately an evening's innocent recreation was provided by Mr. Bassett at the Oddfellows' Hall, on behalf of the juvenile drum and fife band. Though the weather was inclement the Hall was comfortably filled, so that sufficient was realized. Mr. Thomas Atkinson presided. Master Charles Iipson read an address to Mr. Bassett, who had taken an interest in the band, signed by all the boys, and presented him with a handsome silver inkstand, also a gold pencil case for Mrs. Bassett. Everything went off so pleasantly that periodical entertainments are suggested. MONARTO, June 19. The recent rains set the farmers in good spirits. During the past six weeks they have been busy, and there is a larger area under cultivation than last year. The wheat is looking well, and there is even prospect of better crops. The heaviest frost this year was on Tuesday morning, but it did little or no damage. Most farmers have finished ploughing and tilling and grass is growing beautifully. NAIRNE, June; 2-3. The weather has at last cleared up after three weeks' almost continuous steady rain. The country is looking splendid, with grass abundant everywhere. Farmers having experienced three successive bad seasons, have worked hard to get as much under crop this year as possible, it being almost a death struggle with many, but as avdaces fortuna juval we may look forward to a plentiful harvest, when loads of wheat will again lino the streets, and Nairne once more put on a prosperous appearance. MOONTA, June 21. Storekeepers will have hard times in the North. A miller has commenced to retail several articles of grocery at wholesale prices. Tradesmen this season have.not been sufficiently mindful of the Clare flour, and this is possibly a punishment for their neglect, while the public are to bo benefited. The Nimble Ninepence and Mr. Northmore are to commence shortly. As a set-off to this, two storekeepers, finding it difficult to cam a living, intend giving up business before business gives up them. We have had a fair amount of rain lately, and it still threatens more. MACCLESFIELD, June 21. Seeding operations are nearly over. There has been rather too .much rain for this part of the country, but possibly, having had this early in the season, we shall have less later. If we get a finer July and August than usual, it will be favourable. There appears to be a considerable larger area sown with wheat in this and other, districts than has been cropped for some years. About the Macclesfield Marble Quarry being reworked we have not heard much in the town ship; but shall be happy to «ee fresh efforts in that quarter. The marble is ©f good quality, and the nearness of the -quarry to the main road is greatly in ite favour.' »' J '. SALTER'S SPBINGS. Jjine 18. . - On Friday the, examination iof Mr.'R. 'G. S.' Payne's school-was held, Mr.-E. AitchSsbri,- J.P., presiding. The answers in grammar, elocution, arithmetical problems, and mental arithmetic showed the efficiency attained. Many pupils were young, but, in clear comprehension and prompt reply witn correctness, would class with numbers older. The writing was closely in spected, and much admired. The Chairman said the system adopted would be approved of in any part of the colony. Mr. Payne is leaving owing to family bereavement, and a social meeting been called of parents and pupils to say gi)od-by. This is a most propitious season, the rain falling in profusion, and causing everything to flourish. Farmers have finished seeding, and the crops are coming on to the satisfaction of all, ALDINGA, June 237" There was a heavy fall of rain between here and the Horseshoe on Sunday. It came from the west and went east, and did not cover more than two miles in width. It lasted nearly an hour, and poured down the whole time, and a creek running through.' the tract of land rose more than a foot.. The country under the influence of the general season is looking splendid. Many farmers have finished seeding, and the wheat is coming up strong and healthy. There are great complaints about the badness of the times, but this is generally the dullest part of the year, and the promise of a good season is putting people in better spirits. SALISBURY, June 24 Soaking rains have gladdened all hearts and brightened our prospects. Much wheat which it was thought had perished is now coming up, and the paddocks are beginning to have a nice green hue; There is a good deal of- sickness about. A kind of slow fever has been very prevalent; but happily not with fatal results. ? 