NEWS BY THE MAIL. The casualties of tbe month — they have been unusually light— .may be said to have culmi nated at Christmas. A frw days before the holidays commenced, a man who felt himself aggrieved because the wife of another man re fused to continue to live with him, went down to the pleasant village of Ewell and blew up the woman and portion of the house in which she resided with blasting powder. The result sfcarcely answered his expectations. He him self was blown tn dear.h at nn« ? n man whom the house belonged so seriously injured that his life is despaired of ; whilst the woman on whose account he committed the crime escaped almost unhurt. At the Bristol Theatre, on Monday night, a great crowd, chiefly of lads and young persons crushed in to the pit and gallery entrance. Some kind of panic occurred, and in a few minutes fifteen persons were trampled to death. In London, on Christmas Eve, a fire broke out in the second floor of a house let out in apart ments, and the landlord, who occupied the ground floor, busy in saving his own furniture and Christmas puddings, seems to have for gotten that there was a whole family of chil dren at the top of the house, whom no effort was made to save till it was too late. The wife of a policeman who had just gone out on night duty, with her baby only seven days old, and four other children were burnt to death. The poor policeman himself has become de ranged. A shocking occurrence took place at the new Theatre Royal, Bristol, on Boxing- night. A great crowd had assembled at the theatre to witness the pantomime of Robinson Crusoe, and a steep gangway leading to the pit and gallery was crowded. About seven o'clock — just before the doors were opened — a cry of 'fire' was Taised, and immediately the doors were unbarred there was a fearful rush towards them. One poor woman fell down, and the obstruction caused large numbers of others who were pushing in, to fall on her ; and ulti mately nearly thirty men, women, and young people tumbled over one another in a heap, over which those behind still pushed in order to obtain admission. When the panic was over, attention was paid to those on the ground, and twenty- three persons were taken up insensible ; fourteen of those undermost were found to be quite dead, and they were taken into the refreshment room and laid out. The remainder were conveyed to the Infir mary, where four others had died, making 18 deaths in all. Of those lvine dead in tbe refreshment-room six were women, four men, and four boys and girls. The performance of the pantomime was continued to the end. The dread of further accident, it is stated, prevented the manager from stopping the per formance. When the play was over, and hun dreds inside knew the real facts, the scenes outside the theatre and infirmary are said to have been very' painful to behold. A ballet dancer, engaged at the Croydon Theatre, was so burnt whilst engaged in the transfor tion scene, that .there is little hope of her life being saved. Near Huntley, in Scotland, an inspector on the Great Northern Railway, with two firemen and a driver, were killed by the engine and plough with which they were clearing the line of snow, suddenly jumping off tbe rails down a steep embankment. These and other calamities have cast a gloom over our Christ mas. SoMB little exeitemeut has been created by the death of a poor little creature known as the Welsh fasting girl. She was suffering from hysteria, and in her low condition of health required exceedingly little food. This could be conveyed to her without observation, and the parents conceived the idea of making money by her, giving it out that she lived altogether without nourishment. Hundreds went to see her, and left their shillings and half-crowns behind. The people in the neigh borhood made much of thenrnrlioo were baffled, and months passed away, while the wonder of the fasting girl waxed greater and greater. At la8t the vicar and the medi cal men insisted on a crucial test. They got down four nurses from Guy's Hospital, land set them to watcb. They did watch to some pur pose. On the fifth day she became feverish, on the sixth day she was clearly sinking, on the seventh she was delirious, and on the eighth she died. The parents refused to give her food, but people are asking why the doctors and nurses did not insist on her taking food. The post mortem examination showed beyond doubt that the poor girl had died of starvation. The inquest resulted in a verdict of manslaughter against tbe father, for neglect ing to give the poor creature food, but the public are very far from being satisfied. The medical men and nurses who undertook fo watch the girl are greatly blamed. They must have seen, or ought to have known, that she was sinking for want of sustenance, and ought to have administered it by force if it was not taken willingly. The text of Dr. Livingstone's letter from Ujiji, dated 30th May, 1869, has been forwarded by Dr. Kirk, H.M. Consul at Zanzibar. From this it appears that the chief reason why we have heard nothing of Livingstone for so many months is that the people amongst whom he has been are slave dealers, and feared exposure from his letters. His mails were constantly intercepted or destroyed, and the Doctor ap pears to have had no confidence that his present letter would reach its destination. It came into Dr. Kirk's hands at Zanzibar on the 2nd of October, and is published in the Bombay ?Gazette of November 20, from which we ex tract it entire. The idea that the sources of the Congo and the Nile are not far distant from each other, is confirmed by the Doctor's observations. He says : — ' As to the work to be done by me, it is only to connect the sources which I have discovered from 600 to 700 miles south of Speke and Baker's with their Nile. The volume of water which flows north from latitude 12° south is so large, I suspect that I have been working at the sources of the Congo as well as those of the Nile. I have to go down tbe eastern line of drainage to Baker's turning point. Tanganyika, Nzige, Chowambe, are one water, and the head of it is 300 miles south of this. The western and central lines of drainage converge into an unvisited lake west or south-west of this. The outflow of this, whether to Congo or Nile, I have to ascertain.' Unfortunately, the natives of the country through which Livingstone's route lies are cannibals, and it is not at all certain that be will manage to get out ' uneaten.' Nothing is said in the Doctor's letter as to the probable date of his return. An outrage at Ballycnmber, in the Sing's County, where the ruffians wh» searched a Mr. O'Connor's house for arms ended by deliber ately cutting off the greater part of the gentle man's nose, is headed by the Evening Mail, 'Gradual Growth of Barbarism in Ireland.' The conduct of a servant who escaped from the house and conveyed the intelligence of the attack to a neighboring gentleman is much praised. Mr. Bailey and his two sons immedi ately came to the scene, together with a friend, with six loaded weapons; and on the eldest son, Christopher Bailey, jumping the ditch bounding tbe lawn of Moorock-lodge, be met the seven men. Six ran; he closed on the seventh, shouting to bie father that they wera there. The n^&fli;^ftSeavored'to draw his re volver, but Bailey swore he would shoot him if he stirred. On t&e; moment his father came up ; and though the fellow had the revolver on his arm, young Bailey tripped him up, and putting hi6 knee on him, took the revolver from him, and carried him up prisoner to the house. ' The handkerchief that he had ronnd his face to disguise him was in his pocket. He was made to put it on, and at once Mrs. O'Connor recognised him as one of those who put a pistol to her head, and this he himself admitted to be the case. He says he came from a distance of 12 miles off, and was forced to join the party. A second arrest has sjnpe been-made of a man who has been fully iden tified by. Mr. O'Connor. An attempt has been made to represent the occurrence as aociSental and grossly exaggerated, but the statement is unfounded. The outrage was deliberately/wm mltted. One of 'the, party seised Mr. Connor by the noECj an& ^ftth a knite hacked it almost off, together with a piece of his iip. - -^He -4iad ' his hands severely cut in attempting to protect himgelf. O'Donovan Rossa. — In order to render in effectual any attempt to rescue O' Donovan Rossa, increased military precautions have, it is said, been taken by the authorities at St. Mary's convict prison, Chatham, where he is now confined. It is stated that as O'Donovau Rossa has been advertised in the ? - Lortdon Gazette as the member for-Tipperary, amotion will' be made on the assembliug of the House of Commons that the convict shall take his Beat. The fact is urged that until Parliament repealed the law disqualifying Jews, the elec tion of Baron Rothschild by the City of Lon don was never gazetted. The appearance, of Rossa's name in the Gazette is held by some lawyers to give him a prima facie title to a seat in the House of Gommous, and that the House would possess the power to call him to its bar and to his seat. A number of letters from Ireland and elsewhere have been ad dressed - to him at the prison with the letters ' M.P.' after his name. Under the prison regulations, however, no convict is permitted to write or receive letters from any person ex- . ?cept at intervals of several ..months. Every letter addressed to a convict .is also read. It would seem that Kossa was soon in possession ofthe information' that he had 'been' elected, although no official communication was made to him on 'the' subject. ? The whole of the Fenian convicts -now undergoing their sen tences of penal servitude at Chatham' are kept, as much as possible, during the hours of labor, from the other convicts, and, excepting in cer tain instances, are always employed within the prison walls, and not on the dockyard extension works. The; principal work performed by . O'Donovan Eossa is that of darning the con victs' stockings, in which he is stated to be an expert hand. .Like all the other convicts, the Fenian prisoners have to attend school for so many homs daily. - Opening of the (Ecumenical Council.— The (Ecumenical Conncil was opened on December 8.. Amid jthe ringing of the bell 3. of all ' the ' ecclesiastica,i edifices in the city, and salvoes of .artillery from the Castle of . San Angelo an-l Mount Aventine, the procession formed: in .the Upper Atrium of the Vatican, ? descended to the Scala lluegia, and passed through the Lower Atrium into the Cathedral. Regular and 6ecular clergy were ranged on ?either side, and the procession consisted of six Archbishop-Princes, 49 Cardinals, 11 Patri archs, 680 Archbishops ;and Bishops, 28 Abbots, and. 29 Generals of religious orders. In alL sab^nt '^00 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who ?was, carried into the. Cathedral in the gesta torial chair. His .Holiness first knelt some tirae before the Sacrament, and the r- assembly then took ' their 'places in *th e Gouncil-liall in seven-rows. * After mass had been chanted by' Cardinal Patrizi, the' Archbishop of Iconium prdhounced the inaugural discourse. The Pope, ,' who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excel lent. health, . .then gave his benediction, the ceremony l^eingcarried . out in exact accordance ?with the State programme. The tribunes of the .CounpU-jhall were occupied, by the sove-f reignfe and princes present -in-Rome, the-mem-' bers of the diplomatic body, Generals Duraont and, Kanztej and. .the Roman and foreign nobility. The] Council-hall presented a .most splendid and imposing appearance. After giving the benediction the Pope received the* homage . of the members of the Council. The appointed prayers, followed, . and the Pope three times invoked the aid of the HolyGhost for the Council, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being sung, by the choristers. Persons not members of. the Assembly then ^quitted- the hall. The prelates approved the decree opening tbe Gouncil, the Te Beum fol- ; flowed, and the -ceremony terminated. The Empress of Austria was present in thie gallery set apart for foreign sovereigns. The weather was very bad. On December 9 the Pope, read to the members assembled a short homily, , in ?; which he said that it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council x-n the ap pointed day, and to see the Bishops assembled in .greater numbers than ever. , They had come to teach all men the voice of God, and to jndge with the. Pope under the auspices of 'the Holy Spirit on tlieeri'o'rs of human' science. ' The Church was stronger than Heaven itself ; 'and cow was the -time to -consider11 what 'remedies were jefficacious against the presen t . evils: The Bishops should strive with him Insecure peace fulness in the monasteries, order in the church, and discipline among the clergy. In :condu-' sion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, theVirgin, = -and the JIoly Angels. The fourth 'sitting-of the General Congregation was to be held oh De cember 28. 'After the election' of the cominit tee^appointed to ? consider' the 'questions relat ing to religious -^ers1the' a6sembly. wiil.pro bably enter upon the discussion cif certain prdppsals regarding dogmas of faith. . Duel ling is among the .subjects announced for dis cussion by the (Ecumenical .-Council- The debate will be opened by the-Bishop of- Privas. Among other mattera pf speculation connected with the Roman Catholic Council, it has be ?come a question^ not merely what these reve rend ^Beigniors 'will say (if they are to say' anything), but how they will say it. Latin,: of coarse, is supposed to be the official tongue, but aft a Utile, rehearsal' held the ether day they came to signal grief at once, on the ques- ' tiono£ concocting the address to his Holiness in answer-— mere parlamentico — to his speech from the chair,- for it was found that *ali 'the ; Latin ^available did not suffice for a common : -conversation:' A few' of the American^ bishops there and then proposed to 'substitute French, a.nd things went on smoothly for a few minutes in the tongue of the Gallicaris, when the Bishop - of Reggio protested against the profanation. ^Matters of the Church coiid^ 'only be treated in Latin, he said, the Vhljgalte being written in that h'oly tongue, and some even suggested , Christ and ' the Apostles as haviiig spoken that tongue. And so the Latin debate was resumed by the few who had mastered the language to. -a speakable -degree. The others fiat in siience, but when it came to signing the address they did sign it all like men. The following are the. names of those -who form the , committee, on Anglican Orders in the Vatican Coimcil=—Gardinal6 Reisarch and Cullen, the Archbishop vof-Baltimore, with Drs. Manning and Ullathorne. : .Had Dr. Newman been'in Some jiewoald have been asked to act as their secretary. .. 