M.! SCELLANEA. HINTS ON SUNDAY-SCHOOL TEACHING. pbov, xxiv. 27 considered in the light of sunday- school Teaching. 'Prepare thy work without, ana make it fit for thyself in the field; and after wards build thino house.' If our Saturdays were prized as 'the day of preparation,' we should ?arnestly seek to employ them in this hallowed work. And here I would suggest to the teachers of grown classes especially, the advantage of writing out notes, more or less voluminous, according to his own capacity. By means of this plan, memory is assisted, system is obtained, and concentration of thouerht is broueht to bear on the subject. These notes should be so far committed to memory that we can come into our classes free from the bondage of written memoranda, and enabled to impart instruction in that conversational and cate chetical form which will ever ensure the attention of our young people. It may frequently be found useful to break up our notes into questions, which should always be of such a nature as would require thought, and which would manifest by the answers that the subject is really understood. The medium of language suited to these questions may be previously prepared, until habit and experience in teaching render this labour unnecessary. The little words 'for thyself,' should not here be forgotten. We have all our own particular manner of teaching, and while we may improve our style by the hints of others, the manner should ever be our own, perfectly natural, simple, and unaffected, so that the same subject may be treated in a variety of Avays, according as each individual teacher finds it suitable for himself. The field is to be the site of the building, there the work is to be prepared. Does not this lead us to think what a valuable help are teachers' prayer-meetings in the Sunday-school, before the teaching begins ? But if it be not the custom in our particular localities, dear fellow-labourers, let us not be discouraged. Bring all your notes, all you have prepared, and spread it out before the Lord ; plead earnestly His promise (Exod. iv. 12), ' I will be with, thy mouth, and will teach thee what thou shalt say.' (Ezek. iii. 27), ' When I speak with thee, I will open thy mouth.' A teacher who goes straight from the throne of grace to his class carries away an unction, an energy, a devotedness to the subject, which cannot be received except they be given from above. We now come to the last part of our subject, 'Afterwards build thy house.' In the largest acceptation of the term ' house,' it means the Church of God (Heb. iii. 6), or temple of God (1 Cor. iii. 17) ; but we also find the illustration of building a house applied to the saving of an individual soul (Matt. vii. 24). Therefore we are justified in using it in connection with the teaching of our . classes. The first thing to be regarded in the erection of a building is the foundation. St. Paul says (1 Cor. iii. 11), ' Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.' This, then, must be our first teaching. Dig the foundation deep. In the depths of humility and self-renunciation, of original guilt and actual transgression, must the doctrine of the atonement, that tried stone which God has placed in Ziony be laid in all its length and breadth, as the only foundation of the sinner's hope- — the superstructure built upon Christ, and Christ ' the Head Stone, brought forth with shoutings, crying, Grace, grace unto it.' Our dear young people are to be stones in the spiritual temple. Let them then be taught — polished and perfected for so glori ous a position. Do you ask, ' What shall I teach ?' I unhesitatingly answer, Christ. Let him be the Alpha and the Omega of all Sun day-school teaching. The testimony of Christ is the spirit of prophecy. The Scriptures testify of Him. He is the great centre from which all the radii of doctrine and practice proceed. Teach Him as Prophet, Priest, and King ; teach Him in His twofold nature ; teach Him in His attributes ; teach Him as the ' Desire of all nations ' in His first coming ; teach Him as the accomplisher of all things in His second. Let our doctrinal teaching be based on Christ and His finished work of atonement ; our practical, on Jesus and His life-long work of obedi ence. Christ, all and in all, when applied by the Holy Spirit, can alone build up our precious stones into an edifice so fair that the Holy Ghost condescends to call it His ' habitation ' (1 Cor. yi. 19), so strong that the gates of hell shall not be able to prevail against it. This is truly glorious work, to assist in rearing a dwelling-place for the Most High ! And if the promise contained in Dan. xii. 3 be true as regards Sunday-school teachers, as I feel assured it is, what a heart stirring prospect to invigorate us : ' They shall shine as the bright ness of the firmament ; ' it may be in the midst of encircling orbs, drawn in to the magic circle by the attractive memory of a similar position on earth. If believers now have the promise (Matt. xiii. 43), ' Then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun' in the kingdom of their Father,' it quite belongs to the illustration to suppose that they may each have a system ot revolving planets to which they act as a common centre. If St. Paul anticipated with earnestness ' the hope, the joy, and crown of rejoicing' which his Thessalonian converts were to prove to him at the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, is it too much for the teacher to enter into the same hope, and to realise the blessedness of meeting his beloved pupils at the right hand of the throne, and presenting them as the first- fruits of his labour to Him who has bought them with. His blood ! If our Lord counsels us to ' make to ourselves friends of the mammon of unrighteousness, that when we fail they may receive us into everlasting habitations,' surely we may much rather make friends to ourselves of the better talents which our God bestows, that when we fail, they, the dear ones of our Sunday-school classes, may wing their glad way to the pearly gates above when they open to receive their much-loved friend, their guide, their Sunday-school teacher, while heaven's arches ring with the glad sound of welcome which hails his entrance into the mansions of the blessed. Ob, what recognitions will be there ! oh, what mutual gratulations ! — ' It was you who first taught me of Jesus. It was you who first led me to that fountain where alone I could quench the unsatisfied yearnings of my craving heart. I found all in Jesus. Welcome, beloved, beloved teacher : a wreath of immortal welcome rest on thy brow ! ' May this celestial hope cheer us in the midst of discouragement. And while we may at times be called upon to weep over those who turn aside, or who still remain careless and indifferent, yet even now we shall have many beloved ones to rejoice over ; and while labouring in prayer for them, we have our Master's gracious promise to sustain us — 'All thy children shall be taught of the Lord ; and great shall be the peace of thy children ' (Isa. liv. 13). May this be fulfilled to all those who are permitted to labour in this portion of the Lord's vineyard, is the sincere desire of their fellow-labourer in the gospel. Note.— It is here assumed that all Christian teachers still agree that the salvation of the pupils' souls is the one great and all-important object of their teaching; that the cultivation of their intellect as a means to this end is excellent, but only as a means. To store the head with scriptural knowledge, the memory with texts, is good ; but great care should be taken in all Bible teaching to render it practical^ to make it applicatory, to get it home, as far as a teacher can, to the heart and affections of the children. It seems to dishonour the Bible to treat it as a book of science— something which we want to measure and scan, as to its dimensions and external proportions. It is God's voice, speaking to us Let us therefore always so employ our scholars in Scripture research that they shaU be enabled to feel they h.avo got some good, they have laid hold on some truth when their question is answered, that the result of their search has rewarded its labour. Lot the souls of our children, and the glory of our Master, be our great object, both in Sunday- school preparation and teaching. 