ECHUCA, SATURDAY, JAN. 15, 1870. Whenever, a Border difficulty arises, the remedy which suggests itself is a federation of the colonies. "That is what it must come to at last," people say. At last—unfortu- nately there is noway of arriving at even an ap- proximate conclusion as to what period of time will elapse between the present date and that of the inevitable but undemonstrable "at last." There can be no doubt about the efficacy of the remedy recommended, if it were only ob- tainable. Tired men would not walk if they could ride ; famishing people would not perish for want of bread if they could get' pie-crust; It is'one thing to prescribe, and' another to'provide the medicine. How and when are we to possess ourselves of the nepenthe of federation ? Is it, however, indispensable for the cure of all our frontier .maladies ? For the final and satisfactory ad- justment of the customs perplexities it is un- deniably necessary; but it seems possible that such minor troubles as the telegraph and post office arrangements can bo settled without it. The construction of a bridge across a river boundary and the improvement of a frontier stream are capable of accomplishment without federation. Victoria and New South Wales are not in the position of belligerent nations. There can be no danger in affording mutual facilities for inter-communication. The Go- vernment in Sydney, in pursuance of a grand scheme of retrenchment have deemed it ad- visable to remove their border telegraph office at Moama. Rather a penny wise and pound foolish proceeding, as most people will concede, when the inconvenience entailed on the commercial interests of tho colony is considered. The prolonged inaction with re- ference to the postal grievance is bad enough, but it is not nearly so condemnable as the ill- advised action in this matter. It is certainly a matter for regret that New South Wales cannot afford to keep up the means of tele- graphio communication- with her frontiers, and it seems not a little anomalous that while the people of southern Riverina are petition ing for a railway from Deniliquin to Moama, it should be discovered that there was no necessity for the extension of the electric wires between the two towns. The abolition of the office on the northern bank of the Murray would have, been in some degree in- telligible if the Government in Sydney had provided by arrangements as to charges with that in Melbourne previously, that no check should be placed on the transmission of New South Wales messages to the various stations in their own territory. Could not this be managed without confederation ? It looks very much as if the motive for the step which has been taken were envy of the extensive commercial relations which Victoria has es tablished with the Riverine possessions of the sister colony, and the affair augurs badly for the Deniliquin railway. We shall have to wait for the far off "at last," the days of federation, before wo can expect to see the commencement of that work. In the mean time, however, despite the mercantile su- premacy of Victoria in the trans-Murray dis- tricts, it would be for the benefit of both colonies that all hindrances on communication by post and telegraph, should be removed. As to the bridge and improvement of the river, these works could be also effected by mutual agreement, and with mutual advantage, pend- ing the much desired but uncertain con- summation of a federal union. We do not believe that out of the whole community of Victoria, ten sensible men, with any knowledge of the country beyond the city and suburbs of Melbourne, would be found to deny that the development of its resources would be wonderfully accelerated if it were abundantly and permanently supplied with water. There are not many, we should think, who would venture to say that, that development can over be accomplished under any other circumstances; and none who can disprove the possibility of providing, the un- watered portions of the colony with a suffi- cient quantity of the necessary element to render them lastingly productive. And yet, strange to say, the subject is regarded by the people at large with supreme indifference. When a Government comes before the coun- try with a declaration of its intentions with respect to public works, no one besides the miners of Bendigo, and one or two other gold-fields, perhaps, ever require any mention to be made of water supply ; and even they treat the question with a lukewarmness that is amazing, considering its vital importance to their own interests. If one were to see a man, possessed of a fine piece of garden ground, ruined through his neglect to water his cabbage plants or whatever he might have :under cultivation, when by exerting himself he might have done so plentifully, and would have been handsomely remunerated for his trouble, what would one say of him? Not to be mealy-mouthed, one would declare that he was a lazy, thoughtless, improvident fellow, who never deserved to hold such land—and for whose self-incurred embarassments there could be no sympathy. Now, what is the difference between an indolent and thristless individual of this sort, and a community of men, contented from year's end to year's end to trust to chance for a supply of water suffi- cient to save them from ruin ? The lines of the people of this country have been cast in places which it depends entirely on themselves to render not only pleasant but profitable in continuity. Out of the millions of acres in this land of Victoria, there are not many thousands—leaving out, of course, the area occupied by inaccessible mountains—that might not be tamed into prolific garden land. Like the sluggard's cabbages, all they want is watering; but like the sluggard himself, the people of this colony are too listless and too lifeless to improve the means of prosperity plnced within their reach. Fancy the said sluggard consoling himself for the loss of his vegetables with the idea that his landlord was going to lay down a tramway across his ground, so that he would be able to wheel hi3 precious produce home with great expedi tionj and without trouble. What should we say to this notion of his for the betterment of his horticultural prospects ? Of course, it is absurd to'ask' the question; yet how much less absurd is it to enquire in what way the great projected North Eastern railway is going to add to the products of the country ? It will be admitted, we suppose, without argument, that the tramway across the slug- gard's unwatered garden would not give him a single additional sprig of parsley, and that he would bo utterly unable to assign any satisfactory reason for his self-congratulation in the matter of his landlord's undertaking. Now, should we not say that he was a blindly stupid, and hopelessly infatuated oaf, if he could not be convinced of tho groundlessness of his hopes of the ameliorating effects of the tramway ? But, suppose he were affected with a glimmering of sense on the subject, and could be persuaded to endeavor to induce his landlord to expend his money in irriga- ting his land, surely his eyes would be fully opened to the actual facts of the case when told by the latter that the object of the tram- way was the conveyance to his own garners of the produce of lands beyond that of his tenant. Is it credible that he could be talked into the belief that his individual interests would be benefitted in this manner? It is clear enough that the tramway might be of advantage if every possible means were adopted for fertilising the land through which it passed ; but what can be its use to this poor sluggard, who cannot, and will not adopt those means ? The inevitable result must be that he will go to the wall. And, as to the land itself, it must become valueless to the proprietor, unless he makes provision for its proper cultivation himself, or can get a tenant who will do so. Putting the people of Victoria in the position of the tenant, let us ask whether this necessary provision can be made without the assistance of their landlord the Government ? Of course it cannot be in anything like a comprehensive or effectual manner, and the-day will surely come when ruined hundreds will curse the railway, and bitterly regret that they did. not exert their influence to constrain the Legislature to devote the money expended upon it to the construction of works of water supply. We are aware that all this is simply a reiteration of what has been said over and over again in these columns ; but, tedious and stale though it may be, it is the truth, and it will pre- vail. Paradoxical as it may appear, it is never theless true that while Victorian politicians are puzzling their brains about the best and readiest means of obtaining labor from home, numbers of working people are at the point of starvation in the city of Adelaide, which is only two days' sail from Melbourne, and are praying the Government to find them employ ment. If the Victorian employers' are so greatly in want of hands as to render Go vernment grants in aid of immigration hecesr sary, why not send for the unfortunate un employed from Adelaide ? They would not form a very large instalment of the numbers .we, are. told are absolutely,required in the • colony, but'they would be of some assistance; their passage'bither would be infinitely cheaper than that-of an equal number from Great Britain, and it would be a charity to them and a boon to those who are said to be at a stand still for want of workmen, to bring them over. But we do not regard it as a very likely oc currence that anything of the sort will be done. If the proposal, were made in influen tial quarters, we are inclined to believe, it would be met at once with a"declaration, that the men are not-the sort of hands that are re quired in Victoria. Indeed it is not very easy to learn what the right sort really is. It does not consist of that class which has been trained to labor in the mines, although Victoria is. essentially a mining country, and most prob ably the unemployed of Adelaide are chiefly of j-that class; There has lately been an out cry in some of the agricultural districts for farming hands, but the harvest is drawing towards a close, and people of this description would not be likely to find employment to any extent, or for any length of tithe now. Do the squatters want men 1 Not they. Shearing is all over, the runs are all fenced, and the few station hands', stockmen and boundary riders, that are now required.on'the pastoral Crown lands, are, we may be sure, with very few ex ceptions indeed, all in their required places. Do the employers'.of labor in the towns want men ? If any of them do, they have only to advertise for them, and .they wi|l get more than they want without waiting for immigrant vessels from home. How is the much talked, of tide of immigration to dispose of itself when it begins to flow on our shores? Will it find channels through which to pour rapidly, .and so.become dispersed over the face of the land, or vvill it perforce gather into stagnant pools, which;- as is the case at the present mo ment in Adelaide, the Government will be after a while besought to drain 1 If it be said that the South Australian unemployed would be useless in Victoria, the reason should oe given, as it would be a waste of money to assist the same class of persons to come from home, and the chance of the arrival of such people should be guarded against. If, how ever, work can be found here for them, they ought to be sent for from Adelaide without delay. Persons holding land under the 42nd section of the late Land Act are not placed exactly in,.the same position as othsr selectors by the provisions of the present Act. The price of their land is not fixed by law, but is to be de termined by the B urd of Land and Works, and is not to exceed the upset price o\ the nearest land sold by the Crown before the is sue of the license held by the occupant of (he land. In all cases then parties occupying under the old -12nd section can ascertain the maximum amount they will be required to pay. The amount of rent paid up will go towards payment of tho purchase money, the licensee having the right of preemption of his allotment at the end of two years and a half occupancy, provided he has improved the land, and otherwise complied with the conditions of his license. But if any objection be found to the alienation of the land on the ground of its being aurifevous, or for other reasons, the right of purchase by the licensee may be re fused by the Board. Such objections, how ever, must be stated by the Board within one month after being requested to do so by the licensee* or within one month after application shall be made to purchase the allotment. If no such objections are made the Act provides that'' it shall be lawful for the Board, previous to the yurcbasa of any land, under this (the 31st) section, to grant to the licensee a certifi cate specifying the amount of rent and survey fees (if any) paid by him during the period he may have been in possession of such lands, and so much of the amount specified in such certificate, for every acre or fractional part of an acre in such allotment; Provided elways that it shall bo lawful for the Governor to grant a lease to such licensee of such allot ment as the Board shall allow to purchase the land comprised in such license in the same manner and subject to the same conditions, and with the same rights and consequences as herein provided, whereby the purchase money. may be paid nnd received by ten equal instal ments." These provisions apply to all Crown lands held under any license other than pas- toral. TriERE can be no doubt that in a short time the cental system of selling grain and flour will be generally adopted throughout the colonies. It has been talked of for some time and appears to be universally considered as desirable, as it will considerably simplify the business of farmers end millers and dealers in flour and grain. A resolution was unani mously adopted by the -late Commercial Con ference, held in Syifney, between the Chambers of Commerce of New South Wales and Vic- toria that a reform was advisable in the mode of conducting' transaction in these articles, which could be best effected by the introduc- tion of the system of selling at one uniform rale, or by the cental of 100lb. The Mel- bourne Chamber of Commerce afterwards ratified the action of their representatives at the conference, and on Tuesday last a meeting was held at the Hall of Commerce for the purpose of considering the subject. Resolu tions in favor of the new system were passed with unanimity. It was considered necessary, however, before anything1 further was done to ascertain tho views of the Government on the question. It is generally understood that the Ministry are favorable to the system, and it may therefore be expected that in a short time, with the agreement of all the leading merchants of Melbourne, this very desirable chango will be effected. Its advan tages must be so obvious to all those engaged in the flour and grain trade that it can re- quire no explanation to recommend it to them. The following telegram was received by us from Melbourne Inst evening- Ministerial ar- rangements still incomplete. Overtures again mide to Aspinall. Captain M'Aiahon's name also mentioned. Business dull. The crossings of stock thisweek at Eohuca and Moama have been very small. Sineo Tuesday lsst the only stock that have passed have been a couple of small tnobs of horses, and one flock of four thousand fat sbeep. A fire, which was fortunately discovered in sufficient time to permit of its being extinguished before an serious damngo was done, oocurred at the Eohuca steam saw milla on Wednesday last. A. quantity of saw du&t; at some distance from the building was being burned, and during the heavy gale prevailing on that day some portions of tho burning stuff were blown on to the buildingB. The men wtre off wurk at the time, but being quickly mustered on the alarm being given, they set to work with a will, and, in spito of the terrific heat of the day, to whioh the liro added in no inconsiderable degree, succeeded in subdiiiug the flames in a short time. Tho injury done was of but a trifling nature, but considering how fiercely the hot wind_ was blowing, it is a wonder the premises were not destroyed. Their pre servation is due entirely to.the great exertions made by Mr M'lntosli and his men. The heat of the weather during the early part of the week was something extraordinary, even at thia time of the year. The hot w"'nd on Wednesday was terrific. The thermometor stood up to late in the day at 115° in the shade. To wards evening a ohange seemed impending, but it was not until about two o'olock on the follow ing day that it oocurred. The wind during the forenoon had veered round to. almost every point of the oorapass, being at times hot, and at others oool and refreshing. Between one and two o'olook, some sharp squalls ocourred, whioh at last brought up the rain clouds, and a thunder storm, burst forth. The rain fell heavily and steadily till nearly four o'olock, when it cleared up. The air was much cooled, and up to last night the weather has since been agreeable. The Murray is rising a little, and is now about 4ft. Cin. above summer level. By far the greater portion of the Riverine wool has now been forwarded to pott, but a few occasional loada from distant stations continue to arrive. We hear that the Eohuca Meat Preserving Company has made some purchases of sheep, and will, now very shortly commence operations. Everything is in readiness awaiting the arrival of the stock. The only thing doing in the way. of shipping on the river just now, iB in the conveyance of sawn timber by steamers' and barges from Bama and the Goulburn junction. Considtrable quan tities are constantly arriving and being taken off by railway. The sale by auction of the cargo of the J.H.P. on Thursday was well attended, and the various goods were moved oil' at satisfactory prices. Tenders are culled by advertisement, whioh will be found in another column, for the supply of forage for twelve months at polioe and tele- graph stations in New South Wales. Anglers are beginning to ply their gentle voca tion on the Murray, and some of them, we hear, have lately been tolerably successful. At the Kohuca Company's vineyard, and in that of Mrs Hopwood, the vines are loaded with fruit, and already some ripe ones have been pioked. In former summers we have had a number of dead snakes and snake skins brought to'our offloe for notice. This year we have not had a single specimen, nor heard a single adventure in con nection with these reptiles. Whether they are les3 numerous than formerly in these parts, we do not know. They seem to have thriven well in other localities, if we may judge frrm the number of reports of persons bitten to be met with in the various papers of the colony. Tho Eubjcct of tho case of snake b tes is one on whioh a great deal is constantly being Bairi, and on whioh doctors, proffsoors, and other authoiiiies appear to diller very considerably. Tuo old cure of excision and sucking of tho parts is about as reliable a one as any we suspect. U-e have received tho first number of a new weekly journal, published in Sydney, entitled the Austrian Town and Country Journal. It is of the size of the Australasian, and is got up in a somewhat similar manner. Besides contain ing a variety of information on all subjects of public interest, it is embellished with a numbt-r of illustrations. The prioa is very small, and the Journal cannot fail, we thii k, to obtain a very wide oiroul&tion.; Captain Gus Pierce will exhibit his panorama in the Town Hall on Monday evening. We hear that it has been considerably improved, and some new pictures have been added, among which is a view of the Echuca Town Hall. Mr Kendall will, as formerly, give the descriptions of the pictures, and assist the Captain to amuse the audience with several songs, some of which will be of a local nature and will hit off some of the Echuca celebrities. We think there can be no doubt the entertainment will be largely patronised, and we hope the public will muster strong and give the intrepid Captain encouragement, who, we should mention, will astonish them with a ghost scene or two, which he promises will be thrilling and surprising. We have been favoured by the Wardsman of the Swan Hill Hospital with the following report for the week ending 10th January, 1870:—In Hos- pital at last report, 0; admitted since, 1; discharged cured, 2 ; relieved, 0 ; inourable, 0; died, 0 ; remaining in hospital, 8. "Wo understand that Mr J". A. Crowley has reoeived the oontract for the oonveyanoe of the mail froill Echuoi to the undermentioned plaoee: Lower and Upper Moira, Kitupna, Karimba, TJlupiia, atid Toeumwal. The mAil leaves Eoliaoa on Saturdays, for the abi>ve-mentioned plaoesj returning on Tuesdays to Eohuoa, in time for the quarter to five train to Melbourne. We wish him every success. The South Australian papers say there is a ohanoe of Port Violbr being made the place of call for the English mail tteamer. A mieting isj to be held in Melbourne on Monday aftern-on, for the purpose of taking the preliminary steps for establishing a Yiotorian Academy of Art, on a similar basis to the Koyal Academy of England, and for interesting tho publio generally in the scheme, and inviting their Co-operation. It is proposed to hold an annual exhibition of works by colonial artists J and a life school is also suggested in conneotion with the a'cademy. ' Tho Melbourne Telegraph, in an article on the irreverence displayed by the younger portions of congregatio's assembled for Divine worship, writes as follows:—"Arab the ragged oollects outside the church deoi; Arab, with the Malacca oanp, or the Grecian bend, gathers inside. These 'chaff' the. attendants as they en'er.; the others oritioise them inside. . The one olass enliven themselves outside, during the temporary absence of their victims, by war whoops and unseemly pranks ; the members of the other solace them selves with giggling and chattering, slightly more irreverent, and much more insane. The onu ci-iss ar-noy the citizen, the other insult the worshi|>pi.i-. The origin of the one is paternal neglect, and it is impossible to trace the other to any different source. Possibly it may do good to describe the offence and the offenders thus speoifically, for as the pride of man is lowered by pointing oat his intimate relationship to the chimpanzee and the gorilla, the Church Arabs may blush with shame when they learn they are only reproductions of the ' vulgar little boy' of the gutter." The Customs returns for the year ending 31st December, 1869, Bhow the large excess of revenue aotualiy derived over the amount estimated, of over £110,300, There has been a very marked increase on several of the items, particularly in the revenue derived from shipping dues, &c.;, and also on the duties on imported spirits. There is, however, on the other hand, a falling off in the amount derived from excise on colonially distilled spirits. The roll of voters for the municipality of Deni liquin gives a total of one hundred and dghty five ratepayers. A prisoner named Leach, under charge oe forgery, escaped from the Booligal look-up on the 29th Deeember. Ho is supposed to have mads for Victoria, having a wife in Kynoton. • He it described as twunty-four years of- age, five feee! six inches in height, light brown, hair, and pala blue eyes. Wore a jockey cup and dressed in a horsey fashion, and when last seen in tho neigh borhood he was riding a thoroughbred bay maro. The yonng ladies in the Maine Liw State, it is. said, still continue to kiss the lips of the tamper aucu men to see if they have been tamperang with liquor. Just imagine a beautiful young temper ance woman with all the dignity of an executive; offioerand the innocence of a do ve, with the charge, " Mr —, the ladies believe you are in the habit of tampering with liquor and they have appointed mo to examine you according to our established rules ; air you willing ?" You ratlier.gues-: you air. Nhe gently st9ps close to yo:i, lays her white arm round your neck, dashes buck her golden hair, raises her sylph- liko form on tip-toe, hir snowy heaving bosom ngainst your own, and with her angelic features lit up with a smile as sweet; as heaven, plaoes her rich, rosy, pouting, sugary, molassy, lily, rosebuddy, creamtartary, pumpkin piey, peach'puddingy, apple-dumplingy, ginger breadified, nectar lips against yours, and (0 Jee rusalem hold us 1) kiss93 you. Hurrah for the gals and the Rliiine law. Mr George Niohols, the well-known bookseller, who for several years past has carried on business at the corner of Bourke and Elizabeth streets, has been compelled to suspend payment. His total liabilities are said to amount to a little over £6000, out of whioh oertain creditors are secured to the extent of £1300. At a meeting of the creditors held on Wednesday, it was resolved to place the estate in the Insolvent Court. A lubri (says the Age) was seen on Wednesday promenading up Bourke street, and doing the block in Collins street, dressed in very nearly tbe extreme of fashion, and oreated an immense sen sation. She was a li ving saroasm on the women who delight in making themselves ridiouloua for fashion's sake, and possibly th<) poor aborigine may do her white sisters Bome servioe by thus holding up tbe the mirror wherein they oan see their folly. A correspondent writes as follows in the Argas: —" Some of your readers who ara interested" in such matters may bo glad to know" that, with patience, perseverance, good.average eyesight, and a clear Bky, thay may now see both of the planets Venus and Jupiter, w:th the unassisted eye, in the day-time, as I did'at about six o'clock this afternoon ; and that at any time between this date and the next full moon,- which oocurs at midnight of the 17th-l8th inst., whenever tho sun., and moon are above tbe horizon, and the sky un dloudod, the sun, Venus, Jnpitcr, and the moon, will all be visible in the order stated.'' As a proof ot' the anxiety of many persons to obtain settled employment, wo (Geelong Adver tiser) may instance the nnmber of applications sent in for the office of rate collector iind phire in spector to the council of the sliire of Bannockburn recently ; there were no less than twenty oae ap plications for tbis office, although the Balary is only £75 per annum. An unfortiinato woman of the name of Byrne fell into a quarry near Fyansford on Tuesday, and was killed. The following extrardinary specimen of ortho- graphy and composition was recently sent to one of the Melbourne magistrates, as a notice that an infant, for the maintenance of which the writer had been ordered to pay 7s 6d,.was dead:— "Monday January 10 | 70. Sar, - I yeam ghew- wing you nouttics of the Entfant Ceayeld of fmyne Slabbat dat I were payeng 7s 6p is dead. E dieyd on Sonday mornig hat 11 a Clok and is fiyuneral tuck ples hat trey a Clok on Monday haftarnoon. - I remaynd to be your hombel serr- vant A - B." Over the South Australian border reports of the wheit crops continue the reverse of satis actory. The Morder Watoh statps ""tint the red rust is showing to an alarming extent among the late sown crops, and great, fears are entertained that the yield will be muoh affected by it. - We are assured that ruBt has never previously shown so bad here as it is doing this season, Tbe early sown orops are pretty safe, thongh the rust is showing'on them toe^ but they are too forward to be muoh injured. Up till the appearanoe of the rust the late crops were promising splendidly, but the rain that brought them on has brought in its train the euemy which will probably more than neutralise its good effects." Attention is being'drawn to the advisability of having the Melbourne horse market' removed from .the..centre;.of the jit-y^to. a. more remote locality. A diver engaged in getting wool but of the ship Lightning occasioned much alarm the other day, by not answering to the signals from above. Another diver went down and found bim fast asleep. When Mr Dalley and Mr Parkes wont to Eng land in 1861 to leoture on the advantages of emigrating to New South Wales, their mission (says the Age) was an utter failure ; and thei reason assigned at the time was that the price of agricultural land in a thinly populated country like New South Wales being fixed at£l per acre, whilst in the United States of Araeiica the prica was only 63 per acre, presented bo unfavorable a contrast that British emigrants wholly refused to. entertain the notion of casting in their lot with the oountry of high-priced land. Mindful of this, the authors of the new land policy in New South Wales propose that land ehould be solrl at 5a per aore for the future. And it is thought that both the Fquatters and the free selectors will join in furthering the enactment of a measure of this kind. It appears that Mr Martley, (he well-known barrister, had a narrow escape of being killed by a piece of zino, which fell from a roof in Pall ftlalli Sandhurst, within a few inches of him, in a heavy gale the other day, fortunately without striking him. Plentiful rains are reported to have fallen iii the Barrier Ranges. Two hundred tickcts: aro said to have been disposed of for the forthcoming Ministerial ban quet at Eaglehawk. At the Agricultural Show in Sydney on \Vedr , nesday, tho first prize for wool-was, gained by Mr Cox of Mudgee. Mr Traill obtaintd'the sooond prize. In class three, Mr Bettington took the first prize, and Mr Traill'the seconds Iri class four Mr Cox took the first prize, and Mr Betting ton the second. t; A very. melancholy occurrence took placo at Huntly on Tuesday last. A 'boy named. Lewis Osborne was drowned in a dam, and . his ftitherj who attempted to save him, died from over exertion and excitement, very shortly after oom ing out of the water. The agony of the bereaved wife and mother, who has been left with six children, is said to have been, ter.ible to witness. . . The meetings of tho Oabinat, it is said, which are being held daily are not, as is generally- he-, lieved, for the purpose of discussing the-question of the re-construction of tho Ministry. There ia a considerable amount of business requiring consideration, of a purely departmental oharacter, which is, at the close of a session, as a rule, de- ferred until recess. The lament of Cassio (says the Daily Tele- graph), that men should put an enemy into their mouths to steal away their brains, has full signi ficance for many a youth in our community. Thd habit of dram-drinking is disreputable when we se9 it in its most repulsive form among the lowest members of society, but, by almost'unhappy delusion, it is voted only, a little:"fast", in the case of tho young men about town. Yet wo know of no sadder feature in our; social li e than its almost universal prevalence. Most painful is it to note how many a Cassio there is in Melr bourne. Many a youth, fit to stand by Ctosar. and give directions, the soldier, .soh.olar of his. cirolo, i3 lost to us slowly, day by day, by this brutal propensity. The Polioe Gazette" contains th'a following notification under the hpad of " Missing Friends:'' — "On the 14th Decerabfr, a destructive bush fire occurred' at Tuliiven,'' Dimboola, Wimroera district. It swept over the'camp of three men named William Maroo, James Martin, and "Wil liam lieilly, who are supposed to 'have lied their oamp and perished in the flames, as no trace of them can be fonnd. .-Maroo is a Viotorian native, a laborer, 5ft lOin high, dark oomplexion, hair, and whiskers. Martin is a Londoner, a laborer^ aged forty- two, oft 7in high, slight build, fair complexion. Iteilly is a Dublin man, aged forty two, oft lOin high; medium 'buildj' dark com plexion ; all wore bush costume." \- On Monday e7enipg next it is-notified that there will he .a total eclipse of the moon, which will be viftible throughout the colonies. It will commence at 11.37, wlu-n the first contact with the shadow will take place'; nniddleof the eclipse^ twenty-six minutes after midnight;"end of total eclip';e, .1.15 a.m.; and last contaot with the shadow, 2.15 am. From the Telegraph we learn that the rules and legulations'required for .the the. proper work ing-of the new Land Act have been drafted, and. are now in the printer's hands awaiting publica tion. In order that proper publicity may be given to them,'the' Minister of Lauds has in course of preparation a copy of the new Land Act, properly indexed, to which the sohednles and the new rules and. rejgnlations will be aitached. Copies oi this aotj to he sold at the nominal prioe of one shilling eaoh, will be forwarded to all the land offices throughout the colony, and may be puroh'ased on the day that the rules and regula tions receive the sanction "of the Governor-in Counoii, whicfi''will"be at noon on the 1st Feb. Is soon as that sanotion has been obtained, a telegram will be forwarded to the odicers of the Lands Department, who will have reoeived copies of the Land Act, authorising- their sale. This arrangement will relieve any anxiety that may be manifested to obtain the earliest information of the natuie of the rul s and regulations, upon whioh the efficiency of the aot so much depends; andj as the book will be placed within the reach of everyone, and havo upon it the stamp of authority, no selector should bo without it. The English pedestrians, it is announced, are to go into thorough training for six weeksj before entering into further public engage ments. A fire ooourred at Clunea on Wednesday night, by which three buildings belonging to Mr Thos. Jones, Mr Prioe, and Mr Morris were destroyed. All three premises were insureds Dissatisfaction has, been felt. in Ilobart Town at the heavy expenses inourred at the amateur theatricals of tho ofiiaers .'of the Flying Sijuad^ ron. Heavy rain fell in Adelaide on Tuesday night last. Humbug for this week has a cartoon represent ing Pope Pius reprimanding the Bishop of Melbourne, for " interdicting" a minister '' with out trial." The case of the llev. Mr Hayward ia wbat is referred to. The boiy of a Mrs Williams, of Hamilton, has been found in the Grange Creek. It is supposed she committed suicide, as she had quarrelled with her husband, who, alter being absent for some time, returned ami found her enceinte. Growers of fruit in tlie neighborhood of Para matta have suffered so severely from hailstorms this season ti'Gt it has been found nectssary to endeavor to afford them assistance by publio sub scription. Mr Edward Courtney, who may be almost stykd tie father of the Insolvent Court in Vic- toria, has resigmd his position as official assignee... He "quits cfiioe with a competence. Mr Robertson has retired from the Ministry of New South Wale?, and Mr Charles Cowper was sworn in as Colonial Secretary on Wednesday. A match between the cricWters of Bendigo and Kyneton took placi on ihe race course at the latter plaoe on Wednesday. The Hendigo men oame off victorious, scoring 137 to their adversaries' 104s The batting of Midwinter, of the Bendigo t;-Km, la spoken of in high-terms.; ' His eoore of 64: in one innings was the highest made in Ihe.matbh,, The Kyneton Observer announoeB- the death of Mrs Poyntins, daughter of- Mr T. WV Hall-, of that place, acd late of TSohu'ca. : Mrs Poynting had only been married a few months; The following amount, has been' paid out of the Polioe Reward Fund to Constable'William Doherty-, at Narung, Lower. Murray, £2 10s, for his services in the prosecution of .John Wishart, fined £5 and £5 costs for breaoh of the Wine, Beer and Spirit Sale Statute. The Southern Argns of the 1st January, says: Goolwa wharf now presents a somewhat more lively, appearanoe than usual-, there being no less than six steamers in. The Providence; when on her voyage up, struck oti a snag neat Euslon on the Murray, and sustained a considerable amount of damage. She was, however, patobed tip suffi ciently to allow of her coming down to Goolwa. The smaller sailing craft are now busily engaged in bringing in wheat, considerable quantities of whioh have arrived dtiHng the last week." The Parliament of New South Wales will meet, on the 25th January. : The late elections have, it is said, given the Ministry a majority of about eighteen. Cases of sunstroke are said to have beeti very common in the Ovens district this season. • A revised list of the police districtsand stations for 1870 appears in the Police Gazette of Wed nesday last, together with'a list of the officers of police in the order of their rank and seniority. A Mr James Stewart," a schoolmaster, and for inerly an offioer in the army, attempted to oommit suicide by cutting his throat at. the Carriers' Arms Hotel, Creswick road, on Tuesday. Al though dangerously wounded, some hopes were "entertained of his recovery. . o A new Oddfellows' lodge has been opened this week at Geelong. . The Melbourne correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser says:—" Under the new Inspector of State Forests it is satisfactory to hear that some thing like life will be imparted to the depart ment. Mr Fergusson, who, since his accession to the post, formerly held almost as' an honorary one "by Dr Mueller, has done so much to recover the lost secret of the beauty of the Botanioal Gardens, proceeds this week on a journey through some of the once wooded countries of the interior, visiting Bullarook first,' with a view to see that the re gulations for the preservation of State Forests are oarried out for^the future; His next vis-t, I am informed, will be to Echuca, his route home being" by way of Sandhurst. On an average (says the Argus) five or six neglected children a week are brought to the City Court, and .distributed among the various institutions established for the reception of such unfortunates. ■ ■> Dr Carr, the mesmerist; has been proceeded against by Mr Hing^a resident of Wanganui, in an action for damages for the improper medioal treatment of Mrs King. ; The revenue, of Queensland for I860 shows a ' deficit of £150,000. ; , - Lata intelligence from Wellington, New Zeal and, states that everything-is quiet on the West Coast. No due appears yet to have been obtained to the discovery of the abominable miscreant who lately cut out the tongue of a mare at Deniliquin, and otherwise mutilated the poor animal. It is to be hoped he will not long escape detection. "He's fined two-and-six, and he mustn't come here any more," or "As it's a first offence, he's discharged with a "caution." I never could under- stand this kind of law (says John Peerybingle). If a man knocks my eye out for the first time it's no consolation to me to know that he hasn't been knocking eyes out all his life. And the same if he picks my pocket, or steals my vegetables. Why should I let him go because he is only an apprentice at the game? The national debt of Great Britain in 1867 was 26777,497,804 ; the interest and management of which for that year was . £26,081,778 The funded debt of France in 1864 was 12,315,916,794 francs, or £492,637,872. The following^ paragraph occurs in. an article: headed " Young Victoria," in the Australasian of this week:—'.'It .may bo said that instances frequently occur where young people go utterly "wrong in this world spife of,the strictest sur veillance of parents and guardians. This is doubtless the case, but it is only a p:oof that bad training is detrimental as no training whatever. it is principally parents ot gloomy religions views who experience (his, to them, strange phenomenon of possessing offspring who live up to adolescence, as models of morality, and then suddenly take a burst down the hill of vioe. Their training has been a perverse discipline and, at the last, out raged nature asserts herself, and turns moral prigs into immoral ones, without muoh ceremony. The child pays the penally of the parent's, lack of wisdom." • The Sou h Australian Legislature has adopted a resolution in. favor of the confederation of the colonies. < According to the'Evening, News,: spiritualism seems to be taking hold of ;i number of Sand hurst people. Oirolea are now. being, frequently held, and startling communication revealed.* Planchettes are becoming quite in demand, and some of our medioal professionals it is actually; said, have seen oauee to adopt the new religion. A movement has been set on foot in Wagga for the establishment of- a• permanent building and investment society. With referenced the prosecution of the editor of the "Wagga Wagga Express for writing an ulledged libel upon Mr F. A. Tomps'on, that paper says:—"We have been officially apprised that ' the Attorney-General has declined to file an in formation against Samuel Hawkins, newspaper proprietor, of Wa'gga Wagga, for printing and publishing a malicious libel against Frederick AubIow Tompspn,'one of Het Majesty's Justices t)f the Peaoe.'" The new meat preserving company Bta'rted in Melbourne will carry operutions on the Saltwater Itiver, where the plant is already fixed. Mr Patrick Hayes will be the manager. The Wagga Express of the 12th inst. reports that oil Monday afternoon last, as Mr Black, of Messrs Sumner and Faed's station, was riding by the large dam near the homestead, he observed a swag lying on the bank near the water ; and, going up to see to whom it belonged, he observed the dead body of a man floating in the water. Assistance was prooured, and the body was i dragged ashore. No ono about tiie station eoul'i i reoognise the remainB, which, from the deoompo | sition that had set in, and ether appearances, I were conjectured to have been in the water for I three or font days at the lenst. The body was I respectably dressed, but nothing cculd at the I time be discovered about it likely to lead to ita I identification. The TJrana police were oommnni 3 cated with, and the corpse was placed in a box I acd conveyed to that township, bat, for some , reason or other, constable Brislaw would not per | mit the lid to be removed or the body to be j | viewed by any of the townspeople. Dr Stewart ! was sent for, and a magisterial enquiry was to ;3 have been held yesterday by Mr Cochrane, the | result of wl ich we haVe not as yet been enabled | to learn. It has been rumored about—we know !not with what truth—that there was a warrant out against the unfortunate deoeased, and that at the time of his death he probably wns endeavor ing to get out of the way of the police. Socoeinterestingswimmingmatches, principally between young boys, came oil on Wednesday last at the Sandhurst Hoyal Bat ha. These matches, for which several prisma v.ere awarded, were got J tip with a view of encouraging the youth of Ben | digo to learn to swim. I The town of Ballarat is said to be turning out I snore lunatics than all the rest of the colony. 