CHRISTMAS :ANNUALS. "THE BELOLIAWA AeelAL."-W received by the mail one of the few early presn copies of Miss Braddon's;, Christmas Annual for 1869\. It ,en made up of;.?, .collection of capital tales, priacipally ,senrntional, as re. qulred for the season., The first tale is by the fair editor herself, and is written in Miss iBraddoni's vigorous and unaffected style.. It, tells bow' a pretty bht thoughtless seone-painter's wife im prudently.eancouraged the advances 'of a young military officer. Exsggeratedjreports reached the ears of the husband, and in a' fit of jealousy the latter, cut his ownuthroat.', Bitterly mourning over her fatal folly, which she, never Intended should be criminal, the widow. was nevertheless compelled to adhere to the stage for a livelihood, sad one part of ther performanceS'wasto mankbq. tiger go through certain tricks. . It- wa the anni. versary of her husband's death: she:begged to he excused from performing that night: the manager refused: she entered the cage, and had commenced the concluding trick, when, fancying, she saw the'apparition of her deceased husband In the pit she gave a scream, and throw out her arms wildly. The tiger, probably thinking she was going to strike him, sprang savagely, at her, and the next moment she' was lying- on the ground helpless. cTho brate Was muzzled and roped, and though the girl was rescued [ibe bore ever afterwards the marks' of its claws. "A Drag-huns at Christmas." by Charles Carlos Clarke, Is followed by "Frank Tyrrell's Elope. ment,". by 'Walter Thornbury. It mnbt not he supposed that this was a runaway match with a lady, though, of course, alady was concerned in it. It is a tale of the late American Civil war, and showr how cleverly a young Englishman obtained control of a railway trairi freighted with Confederate soldiers, and ran them all at express speed into Washington, where they were made prisoners. We'have space only toindicato the re mnining shujectls-"The Mapletoo Mystery," "The Power of the Harp"--a legend of the Baltic, "Sir Philip's Wooing,' "Cyrus -Sydrnham's Search," which shows the lamentable effects of eating fried plum.pudding for supperi "Brierly Granoe,":a tale of a lunatic "Silbury Hill"-a humorous legend which ascribes to satanic agency the depesit of the remarkable tumulus between Devizes and Marlborough,' in the conuty of Wilts; "Keeping his eyes open," "The spirit of the Mere,"." Gentle Jack," "Changing heads with Captain Copp," "'Ejooted by a Ghost," "The Water Sprites," " The late Cap tain Crackenthorpe," and a Christmas carol. The annual, we have no doubt, will be ,well received. " Goon Cnnes."-We have to thank :Meesrs. Walch Brothers and Birchall for a copy of the Christmas extra number of Good Words, named io fulfilment of the semi-prophetical coiplot--: " Christmas comes but once a year, And when it comes it brings "good cheer." There Is a capital hill of fare, including the "Rick hurners," "IMaster Giles and "his Sister: Betty," " Philplo Gore's Sacrifice," " The. Old Guard," " Jamaica James," "Squire Brlmloy," "As the Sign or the Golden Caulster;" besides three little poems. Since the foregoing paragraphs were written we have received from Mlesar. Walc?h Bros. and Birchall several other annuals, 'which .we can scarcely do more thao name. Beeton's "This Way Out" is a packet of capital winter night yarns, 84 pages, copiously illustrated. "Golden Arrows" is the title of the Christmas number of 2'he Quiver, a repertory of ten tales and -a poem, comprising 64 pages, beautifully printed on toned paper, with numerous engravings in the highest style of art. Lastly, we have "Tom Hood's Comic Annoal," giving 113 pages of racy stories, with no end of ludicrous and clever illustrations. Those who go in for light literature only once a-year, should not allow the present opportunity to slip. 