ORIGINAL'POETRY. TWILIGHT IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. 'lis evenihg.on the Brighton Bay, And dim the shadows,-soft and grey, "Upon the circling hills'are.lying ]■, ' In mourning for the glad day's dying. Oh, restless heart, oh, restless sea, What calm of eve for thee or me ? Most lovely the pale lighted land "Viewed from the beach—a fairy strand •Vast stretches forth the ample plain,r;' ! *7 Wide rolls ,the, blue and bounding main, While burnished gold- ahid-aihber dye ' "I With glory tinge, the gleaming sky, . And break the shadow's quivering line;) T 3 > Where'er their bright reflections shinei Across /on cloud-met circling belt.; ^ "" Of undulating hills, unfelt; , *•-1 £ Such scene and hour for few could glowj " Trooping before us.pale ghosts go' Forth from their graves ;of silent rest. Those^ graves that our rude feet have prest So sternly down, with-Tveight of years . Of toil, of ties, of work-day. cares^ Of barien sods, and scentless flowers, ( > Heaped, piled, between their souls and ours, Throng back" in this sweet even time, In all the glory of their prime. The mother whom we loved so well, That her pure presence was a spell Fencing us round from ill apart. \ f 7 The brother, too—the boy, whose heart Was like a lovely open page ; , In early time— the golden age . T ...Of boyhood, bhthe,rof eager-mOod^-., .' You saw the . warm and generous bloo d " Leap from bis young heart to his. face When moved; aud there a.tenderet grac3, Which'in his sturdy br^t h^^bTOi' " .Like like'ftowers in. crevices of stone.:.,y Lo, deeper down, within our heart, Another grave has yawned.^ Apart, The flitting "phantom's swiftly flown,' " " We stand and meet this ghost alone, . ....* . ». .... Back, back 1—the day is dead, is dead-^ The twilight's tender shadows fled—' "" Even love, the loveliest and the last, Before the inexorable .past "Mnst fall., -.Light's faintest glimmar gone, I stand in darkness and alone,'. ,7- $ Scarce listening to the dreary-dirge.' Sung by the sea's low sounding surge'-'' l.J' For the dead days, the " never more." ■. We left at noon-time on the shorej" -» COKINNE. 