THE STORY-TELLER. " THE WIL) IRISH GIRL." I was left an orphan in early boyhood, ,ith ithe expectatihm of ten thousand' a year and Vernon Hall, at. the expiration of my somewhat long minority. Some people write most enthusiasti cally of the delights of childhood ; but they cannot have liad my ex'perience of the pleasures of Dr. Cromwell's tuition, with the interlude of holidays sipent at my guardian, Mr. Tremllet's house, at Bronipton-surely the most oppressive holie that ever unlucky wight e~tered. 1 Oh the misery that I endured in? that well-ordered, methqdical, mansion, Para dise Lodge! - Just imagine me, a riotous,. healthy body of twelve, condeumned evening after evening to sit with my prosy g ?idian and his no less prosy wife, treated to a repast of the driest readin -moral essays, and so forth-read m a most monotonous tone. All.the amusement I could have was the weaving 'of sundry romances, wherein I figured as a second Whitting ton, when a mazy kind of bewilderment would steal over ue, and I imagined my self a triumphant charioteer, driving my respected guardian and his wife round Hyde Park, harnessed to my car, I laugh ing maliciously at the. unwonted capers of the pair, until I was brought to a sense of mundane .responsibility by my fore head coming ,in contact .with" the table with a dull thump !T. At other tihies my un.luciky cranium would bounce back against the somewhat spidery,. unsafe chair, which immediately upset, when an ineffectual struggle between the said chair and myself ended in both lying prostrate on "the floor, I thoroughly aroused from my "nap," sheepishly awaiting the lecture I knew would ine vitably follow. Then came the dismissal to bed,'wvhich, instead of a punishment, was to me a blessing, for I used to coax the old housekeeper to give me a piece of candle, whereby I stealthily devoured the Arabian .Nights, until, frightened by the Genii, -Itumbled into bed, not dar ingto look behind me. Somet:mes a fit would seize me to imitate ancient statues, the pedestal my bed, which was not rendered more comfortable by the exhi bition, which I need hardly say took place in the Midsummer vacation, as the scanty supply of clothing usually ac corded by these worthies would scarcely suffice to keep me from a shivering fit, with the. thermometer below zero. However I flourished well upon my misery, and duly arrived at that age when jackets become detestable and turn down collars disgusting. Still, Ipursued the same humdrum routine, with two ex ceptions-my removal to Harrow, and a visit to GeneralDesborough, an old friend of my late father's. .I had a jolly time of it there, for the, general had two nice daughters, who were always ready for boating or sketching excursions, or to initiate me in the mysteries of 'billiards. I grew so proud of their notice, that I now look back with shame when I think of the ludicrously consequential figure I must have cut. I fancied myself an embryo Byron, and wrote such poetry ! I blush at the rememberance of the hearts and the darts, the loves and the doves, 'that I then considered perfect gems of genius; a conceit that was soon taken out of me at Harrow. My nineteenth birthday found me domiciled once more at Paradise Lodge for a month or two prior to my departure on my Continental tour-a finish to my education my guardian considered indis pensible. How I blessed him for it! It was, however, past'my comprehension how I should get thrcugh one week of those weary evenings with Mr. and Mrs. Trem let; the prospect was awful! Yet they were inestimable people. What a pity it is that pattern folks are generally so intensely disagreeable. Charitable, kind hearted, and truly pious those two cer tainly were; yet the solemn frigidity of their: house perpetually reminded me of a vault; and Graves, the pompous, portly butler, of the sexton ; for he was the most lugubrious specimen of humanity I ever met with. We were blessed with a .remarkably hot summer, but ,Ir.' Tremlet always felt cold, as doors and windows were hermetically closed, until the hot, stuffy rooms became almost unbearable. Then all my boots and shoes persisted in creek ing, which called forth a look of martyr like resignation on Vheirfaces whenever I moved across the room. Without in tending it, they made me wretched, and one evening I had almost screwed up my courage to ask leave to pay a visit to General Desborough, whose daughtes, now seen by an imagination considerably modified by time, were certainly not the houris I had once pi.tured them. That they were on the shady side of thirty was undeniable; nevertheless, they were ele gant, amiable, and accomplished women, in whose presence the demon ennui could never reign supreme, as he did atd Para dise Lodge. While I was meditating on the best mode of preferring my request, my guardian entered, with a vexed look on his face, and an open letter in his hand. After deliberately seating himself, he said to his wife, " My dear Rachel, may I request your attention while I read this ? (You need not leave the room, John.) It is from Q'Dwyer-you remember him, my dear? He seems as scatter- brained as ever. "' DiAR TREiaLET,--I have to an nounce to you the mournful intelligence of Miss O'Halloran's demise. I find she has left you and my worshipful self guardians to her niece Geraldine; we are each left a legaecy 'f five hundred pounds, with the proviso that we alter nately take charge of the young lady. "'Now, my good lady, with the amiable perversity of her sex, has deter mined that you shall have the first trial. I cannot tell you the interminable argu ments that, with all the practised volubi lity of a daughter of Eve, she brings for ward; the only one of which I think worth consideration is, tllat with our houseful of riotous boys your home will be more desirable for Miss O'Halloran, who, by-the-byp, will inherit a mnug little property. " ' Almost as soon .as you read thiie letter she will arrive at yeur house, iand I'know that, wi?ih your usual kind-hearted ness, you will give her a warm welcome." . Having got this :length Mr. Trenlet folded the letter, and said, '" Well, Rachel, what shall we do with the you!ng girl ?" Mrs. Tremlot took off her spectacles, from which she wiped a suspicious mois ture, and although she looked rathei rueful, replied with warmth, " Ge; aldinl Nolan'schili shall be welcome beneath our roof,'for her mother's sakes-the be loved, valued friend of my youth. I will give OCrawley instructions to .prepare, a roomfor the dear child immediately." Thanks to the unusual perturbation of my worthy guardian's mind, I enjoyed a respite from my usual evening reading, .so was at liberty to ruminate upon the probable appearance of our expected guest. .the "Wild Irish Girl,". most llkely carroty, gawky,.angular, and with an:extensive mouth, thick ankles, and red elbows! Ugh! hoi . I loathed the picture I had drawn. Should I ask leave to pay a visit to the General, and so es cape the horror; or should I remain ? I determined on the latter,, and dreamt, that night, that I was floundering in the middle of a bog, while a frightful Irish girl stood safely on terra firma grinning, with all her might, at my disaster ! The next day I was consciois of a feel ing of curiosity, which was decidedly on the increase, when, late in the evening, a ponderous knock at the door nearly made me jump out of my chair. I thought " Now for the fight," and endeavoured to compose my features, so that I might behave decently when her Hibernian ladyship appeared. Suddenly my ears were saluted by a low musical laugh. Merciful powers ! a laugh in that house, where it was treason to speak above the regulation whisper. Yet a laugh it cer tainly was, and I trembled for the. offen der, whose light footsteps had. paused at the door, and in flew a slender little figure, of about sixteen Summers, whose bonnet, falling from her head, revealed a face of exquisite fascination. Her eyes were grey, and of that wonderfully lustrous beauty only to be found in children of the "Emerald Isle." Her dark brown ringlets hung in rich pro fusion over her dark travelling cloak; her mouth-that feature I had so atro ciously calumniated-I had never seen anything half beautiful enough to com pare it to; her chin was round, small, and saucy ; and her nose (shall I confess it ?) the least in the world retrousse. In an instant she held her bonnet in her hand, dangling by the string; then, as if she had known us all her life, she re ceived and returned our greetings with perfect self-possession; and before I had been in her presence ten minutes I felt like a fool; and actually the ghost of a smile might be seen on Mrs. Tremlet's countenance. After giving us a brief sketch of her journey, she started up, declaring she must bring her pet doggie to see us. Like lightning she was back, disencam bered of her wrappings, and with a per fect beauty of a King Charles in her arms. What a little witch she was! Never had an evening passed so rapidly in that house ; and the hour for prayers arrived so soon that I was obliged to look twice at my watch before I could acquit my guardian of an intention to shorten my enjoyment, out of sheer spite. The next morning I was up with the lark, and after making rather an elabo rate toilet-when I strangely discovered that every article of dress I had was shockingly unbecoming-I descended to the breakfast parlour, but was arrested at the door by the rich tones of a perfect voice warbling forth the delightful po lacca from " I Puritani." So entranced was I, that I was nearly knocked down by Graves, who, in a des perate hurry- the first time I had ever seen him in one-and with a face full of consternation, informed me that master was taken very ill, and " missus " could not leave him; and would I go for the doctor? Very grieved to hear this, I obeyed orders; and soon Dr. Hauton was by the patient's besides. The doctor pronounced the illness a slight attack of paralysis; and hardly had he taken his departure when Craw ley made her appearance with 'f missus's compliments, and would Miss O'Hal'oran and Mr. Vernon dispense with her pre sence at the breakfast table ?" Armed with this message, into the parlour I went, when my eyes were sa luted with a strange sight. Miss Geral dine, with a piece of string, to which she h]ad tied a cork, was inducing "Tim," the tabby cat, to perform the most ludi crous antics, which, notwithstanding his obese condition, he seemed to enjoy as much as she did Directly I entered, the young lady adroitly conveyed the hand which held the tempting bait, behind her; and demurely as a nun she greeted me.' How lovely she looked, in her simple, white morning robe, a smile of mischief dimpling the corners of her mouth ;' her long, silken lashes veiling a pair of eyes that were brimful of merri ment! Hardly knowing what I said, I told. her of our host's' illness, gave her Mrs. Tremlet's message, and ended With are quest that she would give me some break fast. " Yes, with pleasure, of course,!' she replied. "Do yqu.know, I ain certain we shall be fast friends.;" and then, look in my face, she added, a archly, "Now do tell me your .name-it must be pretty, remember." ' " I am sorry I cannot obey ,your last command," said I; "my parents were pleased to bestow on me" the delightful name of Theophilus.". My little beauty claslied her hands in affected hiorror, and..exciiied, " Good gracious, what a name; 1Theoph-Oh I can't pronounce it ! You must have another." "Yes, my name is Thepphilus John Vernon," I said. '" Vernon !" she excIlaimned, f?that is delightful! .and John will do. Yes, I can call you Jack. I had a dear old donkey when I was a childthat I so christened,; and I did love him so." Here the little puss looked dcown upon the carpet, 'while the bloi(d of all the Yernons rose to my brow. To think I was only.wortihy to take rank with a donkey inher esteem--it was unbearable ! Yet she had ended her speech 'with a sen tence I would gladly appropriate. I sus pected her of malice prepense; but she looked so innocent just then, as she stood caressing the cat, and calling him " poor fellow." Did she mean me, or the cat ? I felt very ill-used, and my tormentor busied herself with the cups and saucers. She did the honours of the table grace fully and well; and even Graves watched her movements with grave complacency. Breakfiast over, she seemed determined to make her peace with me. "What shall we do with ourselves ?" was her first inquiry. I suggested a walk in the garden. ".A garden !" she said. " Where is it'? I do so love flowers.'' I was about to offer to .escort her thither; when off she flew into.the arms of Mrs. Crawley, who was just entering. Rapidly she twirled. the old lady round; and was out of sight in an instant. Mrs. Crawley was a dear old soul ; a prim, precise, but warm-hearted Scotch woman. She shook her head, arranged her collar, then broke forth with, "Eh, did ye ever ken the like o' that ? But she's -a bonnie birdie, tho' a' -wee bit fighty arid daft like ! Aweel, discreetion comes wi' years. I mind the. time when I skipped about the braes, like a bit lam mie, wi' nae. mair wisdom than yon light heaited lassie." * ow, my old friend Crawley measured about five feet ten in her stockings, and was so bony, .that I used, when a boy, to think Dame Nature had supplied her with more than her allowance; and the idea of her "skipping like a lammie " so tickled my risible faculties, that I almost burst into a-loud laugh, which I had to conceal by pretending to cough; but the struggle nearly choked me, and I coughed in right ealnest. Poor Mrs. Crawleyquite alarmed, patted me vehemently on the back, and consoled me thus-" Eh, laddie, but its an awful cough you've got. Your puir mither died o' consumption. I shall mak ye a bowl of parritch, and bring it to your bedside the nicht, and see that ye sup them, every drap." "Sin brings its own punishment," thought I, groaning inwardly at the pros pect of my supper, the first mouthful of which was invariably enough for me. But these unpleasant ideas were, however, soon put to flight by the re-appearance of Geraldine, joyous, and flushed with pleasure, her hands filled with roses. First she apostrophised Crawley. " Do, Goody," said she, " bring me some water. I must arrange these beauties my own self. I can't exist without flow ers in a room: these China bowls are just the thing." With exquisite taste she arranged the flowers; then, calling me to admire her work, she continued, "Now, Jack, you shall come with me to the garden. You have a book to read to me while I work. I mean to knit you a purse, with L'Amit?e in gold beads." I should like tohave suggested L'Amour instead, but wisely held my tongue. I produced a volume of Tennyson, and we made our way to a seat under a fine old tree. Whatever fault the house had, the garden was delightful-an old fashioned wilderness of a place, with a profusion of roses climbing and trailing everywhere. Of course I took care to sit where I could command a view of.my fair com panion's face; and, as I read, I soon dis covered she had a keen appreciation of the beautiful, - that her mind was as richly stored as her form was lovely. Oh what a blissful morning that was! I never thought the click of ,knitting needles musical before; but then, per haps, they had not been wielded by hands so daintily fashioned as Geral dine's. Time sped on like a golden dream. Geraldine had transformed our prison: like home, until it deserved the name hitherto ironically bestowed on it. We were the best friends in the world; nor do I think the old folks looked on our in timacy with displeasure. Mr. Tremlet had now recovered, and the day and hour approached that he had fixed upon for my depature to the Con tinent. The evening before I was to leave was oppressively hot, and I coaxed Geral dine to saunter with me in the garden for the last time. Frank and confiding in her nature, Geraldine did not attempt to disguise her grief at our separation. We paused at the end of the garden, beside the moss grown fountain; I, lost in admiration of the beautiful face, so becomingly. shaded by the straw hat; she, with a troubled look in her eyes, her wonted spirits quite deserting her. " You will write to me, Jack," said she; " or will yqu forget the ' wild Irish girl?' " Determined to win a smile, I related the sketch I hdd once made of her. "Well," she retorted, "you don't know how your ugly name disgusted me ! Fancy a hero with such a cognomen! It only needed to be affixed to such a name as mine to be inimitable. Only listen: Theophilus. O'Hallorau! Is it not a frightfhl combination ?" she asked, look ing archly in my face. That look upset me completely, and I whispered, " I can move an amendment. Would not GeraldineVernon be pret ';ier ?" -Poor child; her face grew as '.rimson as the rose she was pulling to pieces, while I. wickedly enjoyed the confusion; then, whispering "Geraldine, I love you!" and holding forth my. arms, in another moment her lovely head, with its wealth of clustering. curls, was resting lovingly on: my shoulder, and three magical words from her lips made me the happiest fellow'in Christendom. I know not how Dong we lingered beside the old fountain. In vain I. tried to shake my guardian's resolution to send me away-he was in flexible; and although. he was very pleased 'when I1 told, him how matters were w:ith us, and grasped mjr hand with a kindliness and warmth of feeling I did. not think existed in him, he would not hear of niy. marriage with Geraldine until I became of age. I, was to travel for twelve months, while my sweet Geraldine remained to be in tiatedin the mysteries of housekeeping. I did not fearfor my. " wild Irish, girl's" happiness, for her presence created sun shine, the old people doated on her, and she :could- do nothing wrong in their sight. Early the next, morning I .bade adieu to my once hated,.-but now, loved, home and its inmates, my Geraldine bravely struggling to 'keep 'back the tears that dimmed her sweet eyes. I pass oveir the next two years. It is the close of a' lovely June day, and the setting sun is flooding Vernon Hall with golden light. In every direc tion the eye rests on' a landscape of sur passing beauty. Iam busily writing in my own peculiar sanctum; Ponto, my Mont St. Bernard favourite, slumbers lazily. at my feet. I do not pause- from my task to look upon him, but on the mistress of the old Hall; who, seated on a low' ottomafr 'by my side, has clasped my arm with her fairy.finigers ; her lus trous grey eyes, beaming with that rare beauty so peculiarly their own, are fixed with proud tenderness on me; and, in her half-wilful, half-coaxing way, she has just forbidden me .to write, another word under pain of her extreme dis pleasure. But I have only one answer to give--her face being in tempting prox imity to mine; and with an attempt at a frown, which is not quite a success, my " Wild Irish Girl" finds just breath enough to say-"' Dbn'tJack !" 