RELIGIOUS. United Prater Meetings.— A. well-attended meeting for united prayer was held between the hours of land 2 o'clock on Monday afternoon, in the Temperance Hall, Pitt street, over which the Eev. A. Thomson presided. In the evening, the series of neetiags which hay* been htld dur ing the week, were brought to a close, when, besides the prayer meeting, a united Communion service was also held in the Pitt-street Congregational Church. There was a large attendance. The Kev. John Graham presided. Many of the clergymen and communicants from the city and suburban churches were present. The Rev. Colin M'Cul loch preached on excellent and appropriate sermon to the congregation, taking for hie text the latter part of the fifth verse of the .fifth chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans : — ' Because the love of God is shed abroid in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which in given unto us.' The Rev. W. J. E. Piddington delivered an earnest address to communicants, after which the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered. The special subject of prayer— to which tbe sermon and address hod reference — was ' The Christian Church. Prayer for all ministers of the Word ; for all missionary and religious societies ; for the removal of false doctrines ; and for the revival of religion and the increase of Christian love among all true believers.' London M166IONA&Y; Society. — A public meeting io coiDccfion with the London Missionary Society was held in the Bourke-street Congregational Church on Wednesday, There was a fair attendance. The Rev. T. Johnson occu pied the chair. After the singing of Bishop Reber'e missionary hymn, and tbe offering up of prayer, the chair man congratulated himBelf and the meeting upon the pre sence of their friends, the missionaries, Dr. Geddie, Dr. Turner, and . the Kev. S. Ella, as also of the agent of the London Missionary Society, the Rev. Mr. Sunderland. Mr. Bczacort read a financial statement of the Bourke street'Anxiiiary of the Society, showing that £52 had been eceived by collecting cards, and £23 from other sources during the year. Expenses being dedncted a sum of £73 had been handed over to the treasurer of the auxiliary. He said that the collectors went about their work in a systematic and zealous manner ; and that the contributions of the year showed a mark improvement upon those of the previous half-year of the auxiliary operation. The Rev. Dr. Geddie, of Aneiteum, then addressed the meeting on the Result of mission work in the New Hebrides group, where he had been labouring for twenty years. Darkjieee end heathenism had in a great measure passed away, end the Sun of Righteousness had begun to shine on theEe islands. There were ten missionaries in the New Hebfiaes group, and two others were on their way, while the London Missionary Society was about to open a mission station en the northern islands of the group. Dr. Turner, of Samoa, followed with a lengthy and interesting address on some features of the mission work in the Samoan group, showing the commercial advantages arising from 'he mis sion settlements, the self- supporting nature of much of the mission sgency, and in strong terms condemning the ' Peruvian and Queensland traffic in South Sea Islanders. I Ho appealed to young men especially to devote themselves ' to Mission work. The Rev. 8. Ella and J. P. Sundorland afterwards addressed the meeting, which was oloded shortly after 10 o'clock by singing and prayer. British and Foreign Bible Society. — A meeting ?was, on Wednesday, held at the Congregational schoolroom, Ocean-street, Woollahra, for the purpose of forming a Lodies' Association, in connection with the New South Wales Auxiliary of tbe British and* Foreign Bible Society. The Rev. T. Gainford read, a portion of Holy Scripture, and the Rev, Charles Hardie engaged in prayer. The Kev. T. Gainford eaid that he was disappointed in his expecta tion that the Bishop of Sydney, the President of the New South Wales Auxiliary, would have been present to pre side ob this occasion, but no doubt something unexpected had arisen to prevent the Bishop's fulfilment of his engage ment. Under the circumstances be moved,—' That Mr. Walter 6miih be requested to occupy -hs chair.' The motion was seconded, and unanimously adopted. Mr. Smith accepted the appointment, and, briefly direct ing the attention of the meeting to the importance of the subject which hod brought them together, called upon the Rev. Dr. Barry, who moved— 'That a Bible Association in connexion with the New South Wales Auxiliary be hereby enUblished, to be called ? The Woollahra, Padding ton, end Waverley Ladies' Branch Bible Society.' ' The Rev. Thomas S. Forsaith seconded the morion, and it waa carried. On the motion of the Rev. G. C. Bode, seconded by the Rev. T. Gainford, a resolution was adopted au thoririog the appointment of a committee of management. Mr. S. Thompson said that some years ago a similar society, with which he was connected, was in operation, bnt from some cause or other had died out He hod tho books, &c;, nsed by that society, and weuld be happy to hand them over to this branch so soon as officers shall have been appointed. On the motion of the Bev. George Wool nough, seconded by the Rev, Charles Hardie, it was re solved,— ' That a copy of the foregoing resolutions shall be forwarded to tbe Committee of the Sydney Auxiliary, and requesting that this branch may be supplied with books from the depot at cost price.' A Doxology was then sunp, and the Rev. G. C. Bode closed the meeting by pronouncing a Benediction. St. Lake's Sunday Scbool, Sussex-street.— On Wednesday last, the 6th instant, the children attending this school accompanied their teachers and other friends to Birkenhead, tbe property of Mr. John Dawson, who had kindly given them permission to spend the day in that beautiful locality. The children met in the church at 9 a.m. A simple service consisting of a hymn, a prayer, and a short addresv, began the proceedings, and the whole party then walked in order to the f«ot of King-street, where the Platypus (one of the Parramatta River boats), which had been engaged for the day, was waiting to receive them. The children, 86 was natural, were highly delighted, and Cve expression to their joyous feelings by waving their ndkerchiefs, and by loud and prolonged cheering as the steamer moved from the wharf. On Tirriving at Bir kenhead, boys and girls at once ran up the grassy elopes, and coming to a level place began in various ways to amuse themselves, care having been taken beforehand to provide them with the meauB of doing so. They were also plentifully supplied with pro visions, consisting of sandwiches, cake, tea, oranpea, &c;, to which their sharpened appetites enabled them to do ample justice. The expenses of the trip were met by the contri butions of the friends of the school and by the sale of a limited number of tickets. The weather, which was beauti fully fine, added materially to the day's enjoyment. The teachers and visitors, with the 160 scholars, arrived in Sydney at 6 o'clock highly gratified with the day's pro ceedings, which were enlivened throughout by the sounds of sweet music St. Andrew's Cathedral.— A large and influential meeting of members of the Church of England, more or less specially interested in the Cathedral of St. Andrew, was held on Monday evening, at the new St. Andrew's schoolhouse, in Pitt-street. The Ht. Rev. the Metropolitan Bishop presided. The Dean of Sydney, several othermem bcrs of the Chapter, and the Cathedral clergy were also in attendance. The object of tbe meeting was to make arrangements for substituting more suitable seats in the Cathedral for those temporary ones there at present in use. \- Proceedings having been opened by the Dean wii prayer, tbe right rev. chairman briefly explained the object of the meeting, whichwas to provide fitting seats for the worship pers in the body of the cathedral. The present seats were found to be not only generally unsuitable.but alee to be parti cularly inconvenient to all those who desired, as was pro per, to kneel during Divine service. The seats now in use were principally those which had served for the old build ing, and might perhaps be endeared to some from old asso ciations, but he the Bishop did not suppose that any would object to their being changed for other more commodious and suitable seats. The choirs also in use in tbe cathedral were, in his opinion, an unmitigated nuisance, one which it was highly desirable to have removed as soon as possible. Tbe Bishop proceeded to point out some of the inconveniences resulting from the use of the chairs— f uch as the endue space they caused some parties to occupy, their liability to being broken, and the noise constantlv caused by their being shifted. He should be glad, for his part, to see them all taken out ef church. What was now proposed was that they should at once moke arrangements for new and suitable seats. Concurrently with this it was proposed that there should be some distinct seat for the Dean, who ought (as a matter of common cathedral order) to be placed where he could see and be seen. It was suggested that this seat should be fixed opposite to the pulpit. Then it was thought that there ought, for similar reasons to be a distinct seat for the Rev. the Precentor, and a separate seat also for the Minor Canon. He (the Bishop) proposed that there should be these three separate seats provided for accordingly. His Excellency the Governor's seat, when he attended the Cathedral, would in future (at his personal request) be placed just before the pslpit It was proposed at present to provide new sittings for at least 1000 persons, leaving the rest of the accommodation to consist of choirs. The Bishop said be considered it a matter of some importance that the congregation should kneel during prayers, which he under stood was rendered almostimpoEsible with the presentcrowded and inconveniently shaped seats. He colled upon Mr. Alexander Stuart, to move the first resolution. Mr. Alexander Stuarrthen moved the following resolution— ' That, in the opinion of this meeting, it is expedient that the present temporary and inconvenient seats be replaced Vy others of a more appropriate character and more convenient for the worshippers.' Mr. Stuart spoke as a member of the Chapter and of tbe congregation, and re-echoed the sentimentB which had been expressed by the Bishop. The necessity for the change had, he thought, been very clearly made out, and the expense had to be pro* vided for, as the Chapter had no fuses available for such a purpose. Patterns of the seat* proposed had been made for consideration, and (if approved of) for adoption. They had to devise means to meet the necessary expense. Each sitting, it was proposed, should accommodate six persons ; the expense of each such sitting being about £3 10s. or £1. If they could only get forty or fifty of their sittings at first, it would lead to their being soon provided with the remain der. He did not suppose that there would be any difficulty as regarded tbe expense, considering the large attendance at the Cathedral. The chairs not wanted, or that were broken, might be sold, ani the proceeds applied for the purchase of new and more appropriate sittings on the plan agreed upon. Mr. Thompson seconded the resolution. The motion was put, and unanimously carried. The Rev. Canon Stephen moved the second resolution, which was as follews : — ' That a committee be now formed, consisting of the members of the coDgregatioa, to moke the necessary arrangements for carrying this object into effect ; and that such consist »f the following persons— the Dean, and Messrs. Gordon, Stuart, Chadwick for the chapter, with Watts, E. Hordern, and Thompson for the congregation.' The Rev. Canon eaid it seemed that the present nature of the sittings at St. Andrew's was an admitted evil; and, if so, it was something they ought to do their best to remedy. It was proposed that a committee should be appointed— an expedient which, it had been said by somebody, was a kind a panacea for all evils in the present day. He also had heard the sittings very heavily complained of, and believed that their inconvenience was the sole cause why so many were unable to kneel who were accustomed to do so at Divine service elsewhere. He had no doubt the cheerful and energetic co-operation of the people in St Andrew's district would now (as always) be manifested for their church. The Dean seconded the motion. The Bishop, in putting the resolution, said that the plan Mr. Blackst hod prepared had provided that tbe seats should be fixed farther apart than the present sittings. The committee would have to consider these plans. The motion was put and carried. The Bishop gave £10 for the ordinary sittings, end £5 for the other three seats, ealled. the ' extras.' A ladies' committee was nominated by the Dean, and a sub script ien was commenced, in which' a hearty interest was manifested by all. Before tbe close of the meeting, money had been subscribed to supply twenty-four seats— IU sit tings. £45 was also additionally subscribed, to carry out the proposed arrangement*. The proceedings terminated with the Doxology and the Benediction. 