IMPORTANT TO RATEPAYERS.--A meeting of the Williamstown Borough Council in committee was held on Wednesday evening, called for the purpose of examining the list of defaulting rate payers, and considering the best means to be adopted for compelling the payment of the large sums of money due to the Couiicil. The collector was instructed to issue summonses against the denliquents forthwith in batches of fifties. MEETING AT SOUTH WILLIAMSTOWN.-The adjdurned meeting of residentis of South Wil liamstown took place on Saturday night at the Bridge hotel, Capt. McCallum in the chair. Mr. D. Inglis gave his argumcents in favour of secur- ing proper representation for North and South Williamstown, which were substantially the same as those submitted by him at the previous meet- ing. Mr. Franklin stated that he should not have attended this meeting but that he saw by a report in the Chronicle Mr. lnglis had accused him of having central proclivitics. He had property in all parts of the town, and he was equally inte rested in the success of South, North and Cen tral Williamstown. Ie was not a' sensational mail, and it wos not until a sensation was got up against himii that lie canid forivard to give ain ex planation. M r. SBitton jliiitell out that the niect ing had been 'alled with tile object of securing proper replresentation for Suouth Williamistown, and alluded toi the chainrman s having been 'spkes n of as a candithite. Calit. lcCallumn said his cir eamstanlees did not atp iedeit sadlmit of his colsing forward; but lhe thoiught the people of South Williamsstownv oulid lil o dilllieilty in getting a candidate. A comlilittee having been ap pointed with a view of sole?iting i suitable candi date, the proceedings terminatedl. WILIIAitsToiws M UNICIPALi. ELECTItox. Contrary to expectatiolii, the vacancies in the W\\\illiamtstowli.Couneil have been filled up without a contest. M6ssrs. Franklin, Morganu and Inglis, being the only' candidates, were duly elected on Thursday; n?al Messrs. iB ''D. B. ral and J. Drurio were appointed ?iulitors. T" E I lVLLIAMSTOWN PLAILWAY.-The Rail way department give notice of several alterations of rates and times. On and after the 1st of August, thile rates between Williamstown antd Melbourne will be- First-class single; Is. ; first return, Is. Gd.d; second single.' ud.; second re turn, Is. 3d. Between Footselay and Williams. town-iFirst.class single, Odi. ;first return, Is. 3d. ; second-class singele, lid. ; second rdturn, 9id. TheS .s0 and 9 a.m. up and the4.30 and 5.311 p.ni. down trains are in future to travel with an un. wosited degree of celerity, doing the journey in 20 minnutes. rPoPutLAR RiEAniis.-'lie 'Oreadings will be continued sit the Williamstown Mechanics' Institute next lTuesday evening. Mr. lRees, of the railway delpartment, is ii,omicedil to read a short original poeml on " ~illiamstown." The attractive prograemnme will doubtless dlraw the usual large audience. ENiERTAINciENT IN TiLE MiECILSNICS' .IN srruriui.-A concert and eutertainment took place on Wednesday evenitig at the Mechanics' Insti tute, Wiilliamstown, for the benefit of Miss Hlouston, who last season was a very favourite singes at the popular readings. The weather during thei diy was' niost unpropitious, and several of the singers, undiler the impression that the concert imust be postponied in colnsequence, failed in their attendance. However, a highly respectable audience assembled. Miss Diight presided at the piano, and as usual evinced. not only talent but tact in her accomnpaniments. Miss Houston sang "31y childhood's days" in her happiest style, and was loudly applauded. Mr. IR. It Campbell recited "Ma1ry Queen f Scots," and was listened to witl great attentioin. Heewis on this occasion more than usually appreciated. Of Mr. T.: R. ])wighlt we need only say that his comiecalities were the features of the evening. Mr. J. Blradley recited .Othello's address to the Senate clearly aniid eloquently. Mr. McMillau gave an' amusing piece entitled "The Rival Poets," wrhich was well received." The comedietta " The Collingwood Bus" was rapturously received. CHARITABLE ENTERTAINIMENT.-The Wil liamstown Minstrels gave an entertainment in the Foresters' Hall on Monday evening, for the benie. tit of the widow and six children of the late Mir. M?cColl, who was employed as a pointsman at thie Geelong Junction. There were about 350 people present, SMr. Mason, M.L.A., presiding. The programme, which was a lengthy one, was faith. fully adhered to, and the only fault that could be found with it was that the comic element was too extensively introduced.. The only sentimental song in the lirst part was one by Mr. Buchan, which, we were happy to see,, met with that appreciation which it deserved. . The instrumnen talists, Messrs. Verner, Burges, Scorah, Tindell, Howarth and Murray, were' particularly good, showing by their playing that a great deal of care. ful practice must have been engaged in to produce such a result. MIr. -J. Smith danced the silver belt jig in his usual style,: receiving much ap. plause. The farce of "The Haunted House" in which Messrs. S. 'Fowler, T. Buchani and F. Buchan took part, created roars of laughter, to gether with the "Ball D'Afrique," in which Mr. J. Smith as Slim Jim and Mr. T. Buchan as the ghost were exceedingly funny. The nett proceeds we are informed, amount to £11 8s. Gd. This, conisideriiig the low price of admission and other circumnstances, is a very. satisfadctry result. TEA MEETING.- A tea meeting in connec tion with the Williamistnii' Presbyterian. Church took place in the Mechanics'Institute onTuesday evening, there being about 400 persons present. There were 18 tables, the eatables being supplied by the committee and dispensed by 36 ladies of the congregation. After the tea a public meethlg was held, at which the Rev. J. Clark presided, and addresses were delivered by the Revs. G. Wilkin. son, D. Fraser, D. bMackie, E. -Kinig, R. K. Ewing, and J. Rose. During the evening 50 ju. veniles, under the able leadership of Mr. Watson, sang very creditably: Votes of thanks were passed to the ladies, the speakers, Mr. Watsou and the singers, and after the benediction had been pronounced the proceedings terminated. WILLIAMSTOWN SCHOOL OF DESIGN - The usual meeting of the Williamstown school of design was held on Thursday evening, when 85 pupils were present, and of these 15 were ladies. The masters conducting the classes were Messrs. Blom, Inglis, Ramsay, and Egan, jun.; and the members of the connmittee present were Messrs. Meikle (president), Piper, and Woodroffe, secre tary. The number of pupils on the roll is 108. IPscAvroulAL3 - A grey mullet of unusual size was shown to us on Tuesday, which had been caughlt in the early part of the day at the Vie torian Railway pier, Willianistown, by Mr. Jones, the pier watehimin. The fisl' was hi splendid con. dition, and looked a perfect picture, from a gas tronomic point iof'view.. An idea of the monster may be forsmesd from the following dimensions : Extreme length, 29.in. ; from the shoulderto the conminencement of the tail, 2lin.; extreme girth, 23in. ; weight, 16F.lb. The lish was caught with a coulmnon hand-lie. It hadl to be kept in play for some time, anld was at length despatched with a boathook., ACCIDENT Is TIHE BAY.-A flatal accident occurred in Holuso?'s Bay on Monday afternoon. A boy nmused Alfred Lyster, aged. 16 years, fell overboard from the schooner Juliet, off the Ann street Pier, and was drowned. It is not known how lie got into the water, hut two of the crew being on dleck, anl hearisig a noise, looked over the ship's side, andi saw the deceased struggling near the port quarter. They at once jumped into a boat lying alongside the vessel, and held out-an oar to the lad; hut lie sank ahnost infme. diately, without making any effort to take hold of it. The police were afloat 'soon afterwsards, and draggi for the body,- which s-as recovered about an hour after the accident. The body was conveyed to the morgue at Williamstown, to' await a coroner's inquest, which was held on the following day,' nd a verdict of "Accidentally Drowned" Ireturnedl. PILo' BOARD IA o uinY.-Tlle Pilot Board on Monday held all inquiry concerning the causes which led to the grounding of the brig Our Holie, oun the 1Sth Juine, wear l'oint Rlichards. Tihe board found that the grounding was attributable to an error of jldbgmeut onu the part of .Capt. Garth as'to his distauce fronm Point Richards. Thl'ey returned Captain Garth his licence, lbut al uionished him to be more careful forthe future., AsNuo'riEt LIBEL. C.'SE.-The triiel of i? libel case, .irstabrll v. Robisons, concluded the busi. ness of the Sildhurst Circuit Court on Thursday. Mr. Hiiartley and. Mr. .Casey appeared for the plailtilf, and Mr. Aspinall mai Mr. Snmyth for the defendant. 'lThe plaintiff is the lessee of the Murray Railway refreshmuenrt-rooms, and he sought to -ecover £500 damages for an article which had apphared ini'lefesidait's paler,-.ii which the man. iagement of the refreshment-rooms was treated pretty freely. Plaintill'fontended that the article far passed the bounds of fair criticism, and was, in fact,' a malicious libel. lDefendant pleaded Justification, and called MIr. Heitry Thomas, 'editor of the 1 M'leor Tl'iaes, who stated that he had written the article in question.- He baled it upon his own experience in a recent railwayjjbur. ney, a-n' gave a descriptioui of the - cote;, 'chops, I a saiidwiches ol-ered'h' him at Sandhurst und Kyineton, that seemned.to show there were.places of refreshment some degrees worse, than "Mlughy ,, Junction." Counsel'having been heard,- the jury brought in a verdict for the plaintiff-.Damags oil farthiun - WILLIAMsTOWN G(RAS31iAR tcHOOL-A meeting of the subscribers to this school will take place on. Monday evening for the traus action of important business. DR.' FIGGnS PPAMPIr.DT.-The Darily Te 'Iteraph,. in reviewing Dr. Fing's pamphlet on "'Allopathy Vindicated," mnnkes the following re marks :' "Dr. Figg has written a epamphlet inl vindication of Allopathy. It bristles with hard words, and has .the advantage of being inforihed by a sufficiently pstronising spirit,-fo- a medical pamphlet. The writer, however, does not ap parently intend it to be so much a vindication of allopathy as an attack upon homceopathy; and it is, therefore, unfortunate that he displays a la mentable ignorance of this latter system. ' The almighty globule,' as he playfully calls it, consti 'tutes' rhat he' understands by'the word ' homnao pathy,'-- tle, infinitesimaln dose is his bugbear; and :we will accordingly remind him that the founder of hloneopathy, when he proponlided the new'doctrine, 'Similia' similibls curantur,' and first prescribed medicines in obedience to his rule, gave them in the usual quantites. He opposed his. ' Similia similibus' to. the ' Contraria, con tiariis' of the conservative disciples of' Galen; and no mean aiithoriity (Hughes)' sserts that the rulendf " Snilrs' is 'a gnnide to the discover yof specifics, "its title thereto being that nore pe cifica have been found by its means in the last fifty years, than 'have rewarded other modes of research' for' the' precedinig five thousand." Dr. Figg' iiust "clear his mind of the notion that hminceopatliy is simply '.the almighty globule,' and nothing more.: The system has suffered from the aggravatetd nonsense of the infinitesimil dose men ;bhut for all that, it seems to hold its own. We 'ar" 'compelled 'to adniit that Dr. Figg's plmplhlet might have been published for the pur pose of, showing that he, at, least, knows nothing at all about homceopathy ; and that he might rio destly apply to 'the new principle these pathetic words, which h!e adopts ii reference to the old: 'As thel epresentative of the profession practis ing on the old principle, 1 humbly confess the very smallaminounti of information, in the science of education, that we can exhibit after a prosecu tion' of its stiudy for the last 2,100 years.' Dr. Figg is, l!oweeier, a candid opponent, and, makes other damaging confessions, as, for example, when lie says . ' Is there any truth in the opinions ar regated' by' homneopathy? A spirit of calndour replies in the affirinative !' Why then' does D)r. Figg quarrel with this spirit of candour when it animates his adversaries ? Would it not be better for him to let some of the truth he complains against prevail? After studying- medicine for two: thousand one hundred years,.and realising' a 'very snmall amountof { firmatioin ' it mai y safely b'e iiderred that Dr.,Figg nlocs not possess a mono poly of the whole ,truth,. and nothing but the triuth."' ''IcL S' c. Holisr n.-In the County Court, on. Tuesday, Patrick McLean, an old soldier,. stied his late 'employer, lr. Hornby, brewer; Williamistown, to' recover £250 d.images foi alleged' .negligeunce. Mr. Quinlan for the plaintiff, and Mlr. Higinbotham for the defendant. It appeared, from. the plaintiffs case that on the lit of Novemtber a lorry, which was the property oflMr. 'Hornby, was at Latrobe Inn, Latrobe: street, 'when 'tlie horses took fright, aind went at' a 'fiiiots'i galllop. A man, nanmed ;Thos. Swa~inehad been sent with tine.lorry to;take charge of the horses and I'Lean was to help him. Whilst Swaine 'as- delivering a cask "dof beer 3fLean w'as at'the horses' heads, when the horses becaine 'uniontrollable and went, away. What frigh?eied'theni none of the witnesses could say. M'Lean attempteds to stop ' them. Swaine went to :his 'assistance, and both men fell, the wheels going over eM'Loean's legIs which Where bindly 'iroken. He was takein to the hospital, where he remained for seven weeks. Dr. Robert son, resident surgeon, deposed that M'Leao had received a.pernianent injury. The present action was brought on the ground that the defendant had nb chain' dn his lorry to lrevent thld horses fromn bbltili,. 'The witnesses examined for the plaintiff were hinmself and Dr. Robertson, and for the de fence Mr. Hornby, Mr. Wright, his manager,' and Swaine,-andJr'om- their -testimony it woull seem M'Lean was in the brewery, andhad no authoriy to go out 'ofthe 'establishlimcint. At the conclu sioi. of'tlie plaiidtiif s iide 'Mr. Hliginhnotlmi-i "1p plied for a nonsuit, on the' gro!ntd that the plain tiff was a mere volhnteer, and the defendant was not' liable;.''~, Jd Polhiman sent the case to the jury of four, before whom it was tried, andt they found for the defendant. TaiE M1ELOURNw E HounDS.--Thie erl bourne Hounds met on' Saturday, on Mr. Chirin side's run, at the Werribee, anid there was a large muster of sportsmen. ' A deer was soon found, and gave those out a run of four miles to the sea. The deer took to the water, add swam out 'about a mile, followed for a? short"distaiice by the' hounds, which soon got' tired' of bulfcting the briny2and returned to shore. "After a trifling delay another deer ?was started, which, after a short run, was lost in a lagoon. The sportsmen next camelupon a buck and a'doe, whichlwere so paratd,' and efforts were aniude to lay the dogs on to the former,-without avail, as they had got on to a cross ocint. The hIorsemen thlei tried to whip the buck round, buhot lie led them a'merry chase, they following without dogs for some: miles. He was at last run to .bay in a lagoon and was cap tured. On retracing their,way the sportsmen fell in with the wayward packg aud w;cotw d their steps hbomewait.h FENIAs' ATTACK ON CANADA.-Tie part taken by Prince Arthur in the affair with the Fenians at Trout River is lhown by the following narrative from a Canadian journal:--" About 8 o'clock it ws ,discovered that a large body of Fenians' had entrenched themselves near Hol brook's Corner. A detachment of the Rifle Brigade, including Prince Arthur's Conmlpany, with °-50 volunteers and 150 of the Independent Corps, were imimediately sent forwiard to dislolge them. , The Fenians opened a brisk fusilade, which was responded to by the Rifle Brigade in a terrible manner. The ballets literally rained down upon the barricade and ino lIuman force could have lived for ten mintutes. With a faint whoop the enemy vacated tlheir shelter, dodged in and out among brushwood,, and on reaching, the clear ground rain with a velocity which none but Fenians could egquil. Their flight nwas 'iost ludicrois. Knapsacks, o\rriitsk, rifles, and the Fenians con. stint eilipaunin?s, whisky flasks; were thrown away in the steeldechase; big Fenians fell over little Fcnians, and little Fenians" fell over' big Feuians, officers jostled sersgeanits, ard getierals jostled privates, and away they rushed helter skelter, withount as, much as one solitary ' Erin-go bragh.' It wasea miniature Bull Run. Fleetest among the fleet was an officer in a bran new uniform, with a fierce-looking plume of green feathers in his shako. 'He must have beeh'i t Bull Run.' lie galloped autelolpe-like over fences, kangaroo-like over, stumps, and on ofpen ground he was equally unapproachable. Of him may itbe truly said, in the words of Mark Twain. 'None ran that day with' more vigour, yet there was much runnig oand great deal of vigour.', The scene after the skirmish.,was a strange one. *:It might have been thought without any gireat stretch of imagtnation,t that the contents of eyery pawnbriker's ihop in ?Montreal had been sown broadcaat onk the field. Long-tailed blue coats, wiith United States army buttons, powder' horns, tobacco boxes, and clothing of every desctiption,e were strewed wholesale over a two-acre field. The enthusiasm 'when His Royal Ifighness Piinch Arthur appeared in front of his company was un honuded. bCheer after cheer rent the air, and when they died away strong lungs pealed- forth that grand odi,l anthem, ' God Save the Queen.' The Prince acknowledgted the compliment in a graceful nianner, atnd ?was apparently 'much affected at the ci cumstance. He looked remark ably.well in his uniform, and wais as anxious as his comrades :for a fight. When the 'Fenians turned tail he joined with all his heart in the loud roars of laughter and. hurrahing wlish greete, their hurried departure.". CONVICTED CRIsyINALS.-At a meeting of the Executive Comncilhseld on VWednesday, it was resolved thl.it the sentence of death passed upon Patrick Smith for, the milirder of his wife at HIothalm should be carried into effect upton Thurs. day next, the 4th of August. The case of the youngmanWloods, against whom sentence of death was recorded for a capital oflence committed upon a little girl near Kynietoni, was also taken into consideration, and the senitenece was conmmuted to 10 years' imprisonment with hard labour. - 