IJUNDER THE SPELL. B?f FIREDERIOK WILLIAM ROBINSON. \- OIrAPTER XV. PRUDENCE GUNErPE bowed as William ErnestLanceford raised his hat.. It had not been a formalintroduction of Mr. Gurnott's; but it answered the purpose. "Your father was only speaking of his holidays this morning, Miss Gurnett, and wondering when he should hear from you." "Little thinking that I was on my way to take care of him myself," she replied, with an affectionate glance in the direction of her sire. " Ah ! you were always fond of surprises, Prue," said the father, returning her smile. Had William Ernest Lanceford not known the real Mr. Gurnett till that instant? It was very strange; but how young and bright he looked that day, and what a different man he seemed in the company of his only child. The change reminded him of his mother standing by an only child's side also, and regarding father and daughter with no little interest. "Mamma, will you let me introduce you to my tutor, Mr. Gurnett ?-a gentleman who is using his best exertions to make a scholar out of the crudest materials." The introduction was made, and the ner vous Mr. Gurnett coloured and changed his stick from the right hand to his left, and expressed his pleasure with a great deal of stammering at making the acquaintance of Mrs. Lanceford. "You must allow me to thank you also, Mr. Gurnett, for your great care of my boy. That I find him nearly a young man, with still a boy's frankness and affection, speaks volumes for your teaching." " He is a good youth," murmured Mr. Gurnett, "I have only cultivated those traits of character natural to him before I became his tutor. He is-" "That'll do, Mr. Gurnett," cried Willie, very red in the face with all these praises; " I'm a wonderful youth, and my mother is perfectly aware of the fact. Where is the pie to pull out a plum and say 'what a good boy am I!' I hope it's a large pie too, for the drive has seriouqly affected my appetite." "Your daughter, Mr. Gurnett ? " inquired Mrs. Lanceford. "My dear daughter Prudence," he said, with his eyes lighting up again. "One whom I could praise too if I liked." " And tell some sad stories of, papa ?" with a merry laugh. "Ah! not many. Mrs. Lanceford will you.allow me to introduce you to one of the best daughters in the world? My daughter -Mrs. Lanceford." The tutor tucked the stick under his arm and rubbed one largo veined hand over the other, and forgot his nervousness in his satisfaction. Mrs. Lanceford turned to Pru dence, and when two very dark brown eyes were looking at her, she changed colour for a moment. " I-I fancy I have seen your face before, Miss Gurnett," said Mrs. Lanceford, with some little hesitation. "No, I think not," answered that young lady in a brisk manner, very pleasant to hear. "I never forget a face, Mrs. Lance ford, and those who have once met with this plain countenance of mine are never at a loes to remember it." "No, you are too young," murmured Mrs. Lanceford, passing her arm through her son's, and leaning somewhat heavily on him. Willie glanced at her inquiringly. " Are you not well, mamma? " " Only one of my old palpitations of the heart. I shall be better in an in stant." Mrs. Lanceford was right. In an instant she was talking to Miss Gurnett again, and had relinquished the support of Willie's arm. " fave you come from London; Miss Gur nett ?" "Yes, madam." "You have not begun well with the coun try." "Yes, I think I have," said Miss Gur nett. "I don't object to a rainy day hun dreds of miles from London, and after all the dry season it would be uncharitable to begrudge those thirsty treei, and the parched flowers their fair share of moisture. Besides, to-morrow everything will be the bettor for it, and I have my dear father to myself for a month?" Mrs. Lanceford smiled at the enthusiastic manner of Mr. Gurnett's daughter. " You are not in the country very often, I think ? " "I have not boon so many miles from London since I was a child, Mrs. Lanceford," replied Prudence Gurnett. " Something has always stopped me at the eleventh hour a sick child once-a rather hard mistress once-an illness of my own once-the loss of my- balf-year's savings once. Ah i if he who picked my pocket at the railway- station last year had known how fond I was of the coun try, and how little I saw of the country, I think he would have put my purse back and tried for the fat old farmer's beside me." Mr. Gurnett rubbed one hand over the other again and chuckled; and finally burst into a laugh. Willie had never heard him laugh before and it rather alarmed him. "Always in high spirits, Prue," he cried. "Well, well, well, it does me good to see you! " "Mrs. Lanceford must not imagine that it was all the money I had in the world," continued little Miss Gurnett; "but it was all the money I could spare for reckless dis sipation. So much a year will I save, so much a year papa will save, until we can buy a cottage in the country, and live happy ever afterwards, like people in fairy books." "This is singular," thought Mrs. Lance ford. An hour since talking of the future for herself and son, and how she was look ing forward to it; and here at her side another couple, a father and an only child, looking forward also ! At so early a stage of their acquaintance she could have taken Miss Gurnett to her breast to hear her tale of that cottage, to watch her eyes light up at the thought of seeing her father more often, and sharing her- life with him. No, no, it was not a face like Miss Giurnotb's that had startled her and set her heart beating, -she was mistaken there. "Well, it keeps raining," remarked Willie, "and these creepers will not remain waterproof much longer. I propose an ad journment to the best parlour, and as early a dinner as possible, under the oircnmetances. Mr. Gurnett, you and your daughter are weatherbound like ourselves-may we ask the pleasure of your company to dinner? " " Thank you, my dear lad, thank you, lut-" " 'But me no buts,'" cried his pupil, "Mrs. Lanceford will second the motion I am sure." "Willingly," responded Mrs. Lanceford, " although I may have selfish motivesin the background. I may wish to trouble you too much about my Willie, sir." "Forward, then!" said Willie. "Now landlord, your best room. This way, Miss Gurnett, if you please." And rather inclined to play the grand prince-for he was a Lanceford with plenty of money in hits pocket-he gave himself a few regal airs, and led the way to the beat sitting-room in the domain of the Ris ing Sun. Mr. Gurnett and Mrs. Lanceford followed at a little distance, and as they ascended two or three steps into a neatly furnished room, looking over a pleasant bit of garden-ground, Mrs. Lanceford said "May I ask what is your daughter's pro fession ? " "Teaching, madam," answered Mr. Gur nett. "It runs in our family, I think. At all events, Prudence has a great gift that way." "It must be very tedious. Had I fifty daughters I would not bring one up as a schoolmistress." "Twelve or thirteen years ago, I dreamed not of Prudence or myself earning money in this manner. But we form two of a very large class." " And that class is-? " "Those who have known better days. When one's fortune slips suddenly away, it is merciful that our wits remain to help us." Mrs. Lanceford might have truly confessed to belonging to the same class as Mr. Gur nett and his daughter. For it is a wide, wide class, and the name of those who have known better days is legion. Money alone make not the better days that have slipped away from many of us, pilgrims-the days when we had greater faith, and there were fewer faces to he missed, were the days for you and me, perhaps ! Meanwhile Prudence Gurnett and Wil liam Ernest Lanceford had found time to exchange a few words also, before their respective parents had followed them into the parlour. "I did not expect to meet to-day one to whom my father is so well-known," said Prudence Gurnett, "and one to whom my father is so' much attached. May I ask," she added, after a backward glance, " if any change in him has struck you, Master Lanceford ? Master Lanceford! That was coming it pretty strong for his tutor's daughter, thought Willie. No, Master Lanceford (with emphasis) had remarked no change 'in Mr. Gurnett. "He appears older and more weak than when he came to London last," said Pru dence Gurnett; "but I am an anxious daughter, looking forward to the great change for the better that never seems to come ! " "Your father enjoys very good health, Miss Gurnett, I assure you." "I am pleased to hear it. He has told me so before; but then I am very distrust ful, knowing that he always keeps the worst from me. I am so glad to meet you," she added after a pause. 'Willie blushed at this frank remark, and Prudence's quick eyes detected his change of countenance. "F r selfish motives, Master Lanceford because you have taken a load off my heart, and made me happy. I only wanted to feel quite sure ho'was well, to give free play to tiose poor rusty spirits of mine that a gov ernment school has kept under lock and key .for the last six months-for the- last twelve months; for what was Christmas without my dear old papa to share it with me! How, I shall enjoy - the country now. What a happy lad you are to be ever within it!" Confound it, this was a trifle too personal. She must be laughing at him, and the rusty spirits she had spoken of were all coming out in a lump ! When the entrance of his mother and tutor distracted Miss Gurnett's attention, he crossed to the mantelpiece, and feigning an interest in some shells and shepherds thereon, glanced askance at himself in the glass. He certainly did not look a lad; going on for nineteen, tall for his ago, down on his upper lip, a fluffy patch on each, side of his cheek, collar and coat of the latest cut quite a man! Why, when he came to critically examine himself, he was quite a man of the world-one who had seen life, and was up to a thing or two-'pon his honour! And yet here was a little plain gipsy.faced girl, not much older than himself, calling him Master Lanceford, and telling him that he ought to be a happy ad d! He was rather inclined to put on an extra manly bearing after that, and to ring for the landlord, and order the' pony to be seen to, and the dinner to be hastened, in tones more decisive and firm-consequently more man like. Mr. Gurnett and his mother seemed a little surprised by his manner; the landlord called him "sir" several times, and once said, "yes, your honour;" but as for Miss Gurnett, if she said Master Lanceford once before dinner, she said it twenty times! After mature consideration, he did not think Miss Gurnett a particularly agreeable young personage. He did not mind her being unimpressed by the knowledge that her father was only his tutor; but to treat him like a little boy was rather cool on first acquaintance. The rain continued all dinner-time, and when the dinner was over the drops were of an extra size and coming down in larger quantities. Still the time passed not away very slowly, for Miss Garnett was a lively girl, and some quaint remarks which she made caused him to laugh oven against his will. And Mr. Gurnett was changed too; lie looked many years a younger man sitting thero, smiling and nodding his head at all his daughtor's pleasantrieos. When Mrs. Lanceford and Miss Gurnett had loft Willie and his tutor over a bottle of wine, Mr. Gurnott said ".Well, is she not a girl of whom-a father should be proud ? " "No doubt you are proud of her," an ewered Willio somewhat evasively. " What excellent spirits she has I " "Always the tame--alwaey the same," reiterated AMr. Gurnett; "ever the pleasant laugh and the light word, and the laugh and the word always at the right time !" William Ernest Lanceford was not so cer tain of that, though he kept his opinion to himself. "And as for her affection," continued Mr. Gurnett, with tears in his eyes, "it is a something which makes amends for all poest sorrows and humiliation. My dear Willie, there was never a girl more self-denying, never one more worthy of a father's nndi. vided love. God has blessed her with a cheerful heart, and," with a sigh, ".that isa great gift for which the few who possess it are not sufficiently thankful." "Is she inclined to be satirical at times, Mr. Gurnett ? " "Satirical! Bless me, no-what made you think of that ?" "Oh! I don't know-a more fancy of mine." "She's a clear-sighted girl-a very sharp and clever girl," ran on this doting father, "but not a bit satirical." "Then she really takes me for a .boy," thought Willie as he caught up a copy.of the county paper and hid his mortification therein. It was not many moments before his eye began to widen at one particular paragraph, and his hands to clutch the, paper firmly. "Mr. Gurnett ! " he cried at last. Mr.' Gurnett, who had been lookingfrom the window at the rain, jumped round :on the instant. " What is it? no bad news, I hope? ' " You seem always expectant of bad news, Mr. Gurnett," said Willie, with a laugh. "No, it's only strange news." "As quick as you can, if you 'please," said Mr. Gurnett, dropping into the chairhe had recently quitted, and regarding Willie with great intentness. "Perhaps" it's a. mistake," said Willie ; "these county papers do blunder matters strangely in their attempts to be a trifle mysterious. Can you remember a friend of yours developing at any time histrionia abilities far above the average, Mr. Gur-?" Mr. Gurnett had cut short the questionby rising ghost-like in his chair, leaning silently across the- table, and fairly snatching. the newspaper from his.pupil's hands. "Excuse me, but, but, but you tantalise me-you drive me mad. What do you mean by a friend of mine-by histrionic abilities? Where's the paragraph ?-what is it ?-who is it, William Lanceford ?" Mr. Garnett had spread the paper on the table, and was bending over it with a white and eager face, and trembling in every limb. Willie, unable to account for his tutor's ex citement, and somewhat inclined to feel alarmed for his sanity, leaned over the.paper and pointed out the paragraph. "There is nothing to be excited about, Mr. Gurnott." But Mr. Gurnett's quick eye, had already devoured the news, and a muttered' " thank God ! " escaped him as Willie concluded his assurance. After 'a moment's effort' to collect' his thoughts, Mr. Gurnett read the' paragraph again, and said, "Possibly invented to fill up the paper, and yet possibly true." "But Edmund is at the Limes, and surely Nathan--" " Stop a moment," said Mr. Gurnett, be coming'nervous again, as he groped hur riedly in the pocket of his' coat and vest.. "I have a letter of Nathan's somewhere. He's a good young man, and has never for gotten our old pleasant studies together. He wrote to me a few days since, stating that he should spend a few days with: a college friend previous to coming on.to the Limes. Ah! here's the letter." "And it is addiessed from--" began Willie. " Enderfield' House, as I'm a' living man I" ejaculated Mr. Gurnett. Willie Lanceford' seized. the paper, and once more devoted his attention 'to the obnoxious paragraph. PRIVATe TJIIATRICArn AT EN?EnrIELD HOUse. -Yestorday evening, Sir John Olithoertone, Bart., gave o an amateur theatrical entertainment to the nobility and gentry 'of'the noighbourhood, at 'his princely residonce, Enderfield House, Dovonohiro. The pieces represented, we understand, were Othello and the farce of High. Life Bolow Stairs. The characters were well oustained by the honourable baronet's son and his college friends; .and report assures us that the part of Othello, represented by a son of the wealthy Mr. ----d, of the L--s, in our own county, was played with a histrionio ability far above the average. An eye witness of the gay and festive scene asnsres ns that no small amount of genius was exhibited by the ropresehta tive of the Venetian Moorn "Well," said Willie, taking a deep breath, "Nathan Lanceford's coming out at lost. I could have imagined my wild brother Ned blacking his face and going through a series of stage antics; but quiet, matter-of-fact, bashful Nathan, playing Othello, is a settler for me. Hlow bhis knees must have knocked together before-he went on !" "I'm not so sure of that." "'No small amount of genine,' too, says the flowery, reporter," cried Willie, who wanted an excuse to grumble at something. "This fellow is a satirist, if your daughter Prudence is not." - "Nathan was no common lad, and will be no common man," said Mr. Gurnett. "I always felt that there was genius in that boy; but, oh dear, oh! dear, I did not think it would take a turn in this direc tion." "Why, you can't find fault with private theatricals, Mr. Gurnett." "No, no; but if it lead to a love of the stage, to that accursed desire to parade be fore the footlights-that fallacy which has led hundreds to ruin ! " "Nathan is to be a parson, Mr. Lanceford says." "He'll never be that, let Mr. Lanceford's will be even as strong as he fancies." " Well, I do not think Nat has a will of his own, and if he has played Othello with success-and I'll not believe it till he owns it himself-I don't think it will turn his head, or make him stage-struck." Mr. Gurnett walked to the window again, and relapsed into a brooding fit, from which Willie's remarks failed to arouse him. Once the pupil put a direct question to him concerning the probability of its turning out a fine evening; but Mr. Gurnett, far gone in his reverie, made no reply. Willie sat and sipped his wine, and wondered if Mr. Gurnott had ever boon an actor-he was always quoting the old 'dramatists-and why he had given way to a fit of excitement at the more mention of a friend possessing histrionic ability. What a little 'affected that man standing by the window, thought W? " illie; be was as weak as a child, and a 'child might lead him! All his learning, all his book knowledge, had but impaired his faculties; possibly he had studied too hard and softened his brain. He had been a pleasant, good- tempered, chatty old gentle man when he first met him that morning; now he was the nervous, restless Mr. Gurnett whom Edmund Lanceford disliked, and who had been so long a tutor at the Limes. The re-entrance of Mrs. Lanceford and SMiss Gurnett gave a turn to affairs, and the thoughtful man at the window changed once more his dark expression of countenance as his daughter's hands clasped his arm, and his daughter's face looked upwards into his. "Thinking again, papa!" said Prudence Gurnett. " Why, did you not promise to give 'tip thinking for the next few weeks ? " '" Thought is a tyrant, my girl," said he, p" assing his hands over her dark braids of Bhair; "I must resist it more stoutly, lest it conquer me." " You have had something to excite you -since Mrs. Lanceford and I left? " !"Very little; a chance word or two, hmeaning nothing, but yet striking home to the mark, as chance words will at times. There ! I'shake off my enemy-this is holi day time, Prue." "And it shall be a holiday we will never forget-a foretaste of the happy days when you and I have that cottage together. It 'tshill be near the sea too-you are fond of .... it." "Anywhere, my little visionary." "Not a visionary, for the money is accu Smulating now we are both in full work, and :.,ithe cottage in the air comes nearer and nearer to earth." S"Mrs. Lanceford is wondering what we :are talking about, Prue," said Mr. Gurnett, ashe led her from the window. "No; Mrs. Lanceford knows all about our future schemes; I have made her my con fidante," said Miss Gurnett, with a bright ..smile, returned by the elder lady. .i.Mrs.. Lanceford and Miss Gurnett had : ,made great progressin each other's affection during the time they had sat together in the :room upstairs. Mrs. Lanceford had evinced so much love for her boy, and Prudence so much for her father. They were both -*: -women alone in the world, women with one -hope, and each read in each other a story of :the past which was sacred, and wherein much trouble has possibly been endured. Yes, Mrs. Lanceford fancied she read as much as that in the gipsy face of Prudence Gurnett. Light as her heart seemed now, n the young life of the teacher had already I known trouble. Mrs. Lanceford had de tected it the instant she spoke of the father down stairs. " He met with a great sorrow when I was I a child too young to alleviate it, and yet too old not to comprehend the extent of his grief. I often wish I had been a woman at that time; I do not think he would have given way so utterly or taken so long a time to recover his strength. But I must make amends for the past, Mrs. Lanceford." And she clenched her small dark-skinned S'hand, and looked determined to do so. ' Mrs. Lanceford on her return to the room had sought out Mr. Gurnett, and broached the threadbare but untiring subject of her Wil lie; and Willie and Prudence Gurnett, left to themselves, became better friends, especi ally an th?.littlo lady ,nly 'nlarl1 him Mast-' Lanceford once during the remainder of the day. The rain ceased at last too, and Pru dence without a bonnet was tripping in and out of the landlord's garden and bringingin, with the landlord's sanction and consent, handfuls. of rain-laden roses, to tie up and .take: home to the apartments which father a ' nd daughter had hired for a month, a little way from Abbotsbury, and close to the Chesil Bank, where the wild play of the waves might be seen to advantage. Willie, tired of indoor life, and that narrow strip of a room with its ugly paper on the walls, was glad to assist Miss Gurnett in despoil ing the garden also, and tugged so reck lessly at the flowers that be had to be re proved by the young lady for abusing the confidence and generosity of the landlord of the Rising Sun. ". Oh! never mind him, Miss Gurnett, said Willie; " we mustn't stand upon ceremony at inns."' " Perhaps he's fond of flowers." "I'll pay him for all he objects to my taking." "But you'll not be able to put them back again, Master Lanceford." Willie stopped, with his hands amongst the scarlet geraniums, as the one Master Lanceford we have mentioned grated on his ear again. He was a quick youth and he blushed a little, as he fancied that he had found a clue to the "Master Lanceford" of Miss Gurnett. He hbd been a fool, and too "bumptious !"-he had been playing the grandee because he was the son of Mr. Lanceford of the Limes, and she was only the daughter of his tutor. He had forgotten that the tutor had been a gentleman once, and that his daughter might have all the acute feelings of the lady. He hadjforgotten himself too a little, and the sharp young lady before him had called him to order by designating him Master Lanceford and re minding him of his youth, and thus offering it as an excuse for his conduct. What a mean-spirited cur he was to be sure ! What an ass this Mr. Gurnett's daughter must consider him! "You're right, Miss Gurnett," said Wil lie; "it is an abuse of the host's good nature, and I won't take all the buds and leave him only the heavy full-blooms to be scattered by the first wind." They entered the house and found Mrs. Lanceford still listening to Mr. Gurnett's re cital of the progess her Willie was making in his studies. "Are you not afraid of catching cold, Prue, and spoiling the holiday after all?" asked Mr. Gurnett. "Not in the stout pair of double soles I have brought expressly for country work," replied his daughter; " not in this beautiful warm weather, with the sun drying up everything as fast as it can, like a considerate sun that knows I am only free for four weeks. Are you ready to set out, papa?" " "If you are not afraid it is too damp, my dear." "I am anxious to get comfortably settled in those dear little rooms that we walked across the fields to see this morning." "Mrs. Lanceford and you had better take advantage of the pony chaise, and leave Mr. Gurnott and I to walk to Weymouth," sug gested Willie. "Thank you, but I could not lose the opportunity of a walk this beautiful evening, M1ir. Lanceford, even if our routes were the same, which they are not." Mr. Lanceford, this time. Rather an agreeable young lady, take her altogether ! Rather a saucy smile too, when the Mr. was delivered, that showed she had boon making fun of him before. The pony chaisoe was ready at last; Willie, from his well-filled purse, defrayed the ex penses of the day in an unostentatious man nor at the bar, when nobody was looking, and then Mr. Gurnett and his only child went one way and Mrs. Lanceford and her only child another. As the father raised his hat, and the daughter waved her hand after the receding chaise, Mrs. Lanceford, after acknowledging their last adieux, said, "A good and clever man, that Mr. Gurnett. Your father made a wise choice, Willie." " Yes-I think so." "How did Mr. Lanceford become ac quainted with that gentleman, I wonder ?" " Mr. Lanceford had heard of his ability, I believe, mamma." " And what sorrow has Mr. Gurnett met with early in life, to make him look so old and grey ? " continued the inquisitive Mrs. Lanceford. "He tells me he is not fifty yet." "He keeps his sorrows to himself, mamma " "Well-" with a sigh, "it is beet. The world does not sympathisoe, and our friends only think us hypochondriacal." Meanwhile, Mr. Gurnett and his daughter, arm-in-arm, went leisurely in the opposite direction, enjoying every inch of the ground, stopping to admire the diamonds which the sun had made of the raindrops in the hedge rows, plucking the wild flowers here and there to add to their nosegay, and pausing at every turn of the landscape to admire its beauty, and thank God for a proper enjoy ment of it. Prudence spoke at last of Mrs. Lanceford. " She is one more of those who have not had all their own way in the world; but she is a good, gentle, and patient woman, or I am a bad judge of character." "She has seen much trouble, doubtless." " What kind of a man is Mr. Lanceford, papa ?" "Hum! Mr. Lanceford. What makes you ask me the question, Prue ? " " He must be a strange eccentric man to live apart from a woman so calculated to make him happy." " Mrs. Lanceford desired the separation. not her husband. So much I have always known-and no more do I care to know." " But what kind of a man is he, papa ? " "Rather a stately being, with a handsome face and an enviable set of iron nerves. A just man in his way, a good father in his way, but .still a bit of a sphinx. He has been my patron, and I ought to greatly ad mire and respect him-its very odd." " Then you do not admire and respect him, papa?" " I don't say that, my dear," said Mr. Gurnett, almost alarmed at giving voice to such ingratitude; " but I cannot say I have felt exactly the same amount of reverence for Mr. Lanceford since his eldest son's love affair. He did that boy a deal of harm, and I prophesied he would ?" "A love story. Oh! I am so fond of love stories." . . Tr'- ntn?.a-: t-^· 1--, _--. .. but still I'tel it you in the evening,P rue -the little I know of it. You must ask William Lanceford for further particulars." " William Lanceford is your favourite, I see, papa ?" " A noble boy," said the tutor, " almost a hero. One I could imagine acting in any extravagant manner for a cause he thought right. I don't know whether he be a greater favourite of mine than his brother Nathan; though he has more feeling certainly." "It is as well he lives with his father, for his mother would spoil him." "Perhaps so-for the mother would make him her idol. Poor woman, she has her secret too, and I fear it is killing her." "I hope not," answered Prudence Gur nett; " time will bring its balm to hers as to ours. We may not cease regretting the un alterable, but we may bow to God's will and grow strong, if we have faith." "Good girl--good girl, what should I be without you ?" " And without you, father, what should I have been when-? " "Drop the veil over that which we may not cease regretting, Prue, but which we cannot change," said Mr. Gurnett, turning a troubled face to his daughter. " It will not add to the happiness of a holiday to speak of it." "It is as well to allude to it at times. I could not wholly forget it-I live in hope some day to alter it; and its remembrance makes us true father and daughter, deriving from each other much hope and consola tion." "Yes, yes," said the nervous father; " but we will speak no more of it just now, Prue. I have been already troubled to-day, and one shock to my system generally lasts me a month. Gracious Heaven ! my dear, if I am to have a month of palsy and head shaking like a drivelling old woman ! " " Trust to Doctor Prue." " Al, that's the old name. And the old doctor who has done me so much good. And here we are together at last, Prue, far away in the country, with a great sea to stroll down to every morning and watch. What a holiday this will be! " "It will indeed." Father and daughter, both dreamers as they wandered on, both forgetful-for the moment of the great uncertainty that hems us poor mortals in, and checks us with a no when we move on too rashly ! He is a bold man, however straight his path may seem, who says, " I take four weeks for pleasure -I map them out in this fashion or in that, and I follow the line here laid for my enjoy ment." He is a fortunate man if all come true, and the chances of life thwart not his scheming. This nervous man, this trustful daughter, shook off. the past, and met to enjoy to gether the present. Plunged into the quiet country life, and loft the voices of their few friends, and the turmoil of the busy city to grow faint in the distance, little thinking they were moving slowly and surely on to that which would affect the whole tenor of their lives, and of more lives than they could guess. onArrER XVI. William Ernest Lanceford, though he had promised his mother a long day, and though he had really not repented that promise, whipped the pony into a good paco en route for Mlelcombo Regis. He had taken pains to ascertain from the host of the Rising Sun the nearest and quickest road, and he whirled his mother along in good style. "How fast you are going, Willio! " said his mother at last; "is there any occasion for this extraordinary haste ? " And the mother thought of Amy Pem bercast again, and sighed. "There's a ton miles ride on horseback, to the Limes, you must remember, mamma," said Willio; " but," making a feint of checking the pony's progress, "I'm not afraid of reaching home after nightfall my self." "Oh! I had forgotten your ride back," said the mother with a little shudder; " and the lanes are very dark now the moon rises so late. Make all the haste you can, my A0~,,.") Willie took his mother at her word, and it was bright daylight yet when he drew in the reins before the lodgings of Uncle Pem bercast and family. He glanced up at the windows as he assisted his mother to alight, and he was very much mistaken if a certain lilac silk dress, at the centre window, was not the property of a certain young lady whom he was very anxious to see before he rode away for good that night. "It is nearly eight o'clock, Willie," said the mother, referring to her watch; "you will not come in now ? " " Merely to bid them good-night, in the course of a minute or two," said Willie, leaping into the chaiso again. "Better bid them good-night now, than come all through the town again," said Mrs. Lanceford, pausing on the threshold, with the livery servant struggling with the door and the wind, and cursing both,-and Mrs. Lanceford for keeping him waiting,-and letting his hair got out of curl with the in fernal sea-breeze. " Must see to the mare first and return the pony-back in a minute," and away drove William Launeford to the livery stables, where he saw the mare and returned the pony, and went into the hotel to which the stables ap pertained, and up stairs to a dressing-room he had patronised a great deal lately, where ha washed, and spout a considerable time with a hair-brush and comb. Coming down again the bright idea seized him that he would send an ostler of the establishment with his horse to Dorchester, and commission him to await his arrival at the railway sta tion. If he went by the train he should save time and get over half the journey in a few minutes. It was a wise plan that he satisfac torily arranged before he returned to his uncle's lodgings. The Pembercaste were all at home that evening, but not particularly lively. He had not been mistaken in the lilac silk dress Amy was in the window recess just as he had seen her in the morning, only prettier. People may look very pretty in spotted mus lin or riding habits, but lilac silk for a fair skin and sunny hair " was exactly the ticket! " Amy Pembercast, who was reading the very last new novel, did not look up till Willie said " good-evening, Amy," and then hoe raised her eyes and gave him a slight bow that iced his marrow. Something had gone wrong in his absence, or he had wounded cousin Amy's feelings somehow. Mrs. Lanceford was at the table detailing to ailt icay~'hSrCast the particulars of the plea who was sorting sea-snane Mrs- tPembercast or something equally nasty, in a saucer, was paying but .very indifferent attention. Uncle Pombercast was twiddling his thumbs and scowling at his.foot, which he evidently con sidered had behaved itself disgracefully in becoming gouty and hindering business transactions at that season of the year. He condescended to ask, however, if Willie had been caught in the rain, and prophesied that he and his mother would feel the effects of their journey in the course of a day or Iwo. Willie Lanceford sneaked into his seat of the morning, after a little manomuvring, and asked Amy if the novel was interest ing. "1 Very." "Did you reach Abbotsbury before the rain, Amy? I thought of you several times." " We turned back when it threatened rain. I was home to luncheon," she added care lessly. "Oh!" Willie Lanceford saw where the grievance lay then. By George, he had done it with a vengeance! " Do come back to luncheon, or it will be the longest day of my life," he had said, and Amy had come back, and found him out! "My dear cousin," he stammered forth, "you- you did not tell me you were coming back to luncheon. I would not have gone out for the world--I-" "I returned to luncheon because I was caught in the rain. I did not expect to find you here, and I was not in the slightest de gree disappointed to hear that you had gone out for the day. Pray make me no apolo gies." Amy Pembercast was only seventeen, re member, reader, and had not been many months from boarding-school. She would have managed better in another year, and not have worn the mash so loosely: In her innocence, she imagined she was showing her indifference in a masterly manner, and she had long been trying to persuade her self that she was not put out in the least. The morning's rain had spoiled her ride, and sent the ladies and gentlemen scampering home again, and her school friends had not asked her to spend the day with them; so she had made no sacrifice for her cousin's sake, though she felt as if she had. And Willie Lancoford was too young to fool any pleasurable emotion at these signs of discon tent; he know alone.that she was hurt at his conduct, and that, say what he would, he could not distract the blue eyes from the novel, or bring a smile to the pretty face op posite. Oh dear ! Amy would never for give him, and he was a miserable man for the rest of his life; he should turn his collar down now, and wear his hair long, and look like Byron's Lara. And Amy was only cruelly cold to him. When her aunt Lancoford made a few in quiries, she became quite eloquent, and fell into raptures concerning the ride and the agreeable companions she had had, and the very amiable young man with the black moustache who was so afraid she would catch cold, and who had called since to make quite sure that Miss Pembercast was ox • perienoing no ill effoets from the unsettled state of theo'weator, and to escort Miss P. to hslai eter's if sho were so disposod,-an offor which, by the way, had boon declined that owvning by Mr. Pomberoast himself, who had growled out that his daughter had been "gadding" about too much lately, and lie wanted overybody in bed early that ovening. Willie went away at last in very bad spirits. All his efforts to conciliate had failed, and though Amy Pomborcast had at last condescended to convorse with him, still it was a cold, formal conversation, from which he was glad at last to hurry away. She even shook hands in a different manner that night, and he had not the courage to give the usual faint pressure to the little soft hand lying in his. Sho would have drawn it hastily away and looked indignant, he felt assured, although she had been blind or indifferent to those cousinly signs of affection ever since he had called so frequently at Meolcombo Regis to see-his mother I Never mind, he would call early to morrow, and work off the bad impression; the sooner this miserablo night was over the better. He went off by the train to Dor chester in the same dejected condition, and turned out of the carriage on to the plat form like a young man going to be hanged. He was on horseback a few minutes after wards, and tearing along the dark country road like a young man who, balked of his hanging, was trying hard to break his neck. He thought of Amy all the way home; even as he grew warm forgot his troubles of that night in the future that he thought lying before him. Up rose the new home wherein hoe would make Amy happy, and crossing the threshold of which his dear mother would leave all her troubles behind. And what a happy follow he should be! why, some very long day hence father and mother might shalce hands. This second union of a Lanceford with a Pembercast might work much good-things that seemed more impossible happened every day. His father !-ah ! what would his fanther say to all this, when he told him frankly that he was in love with Amy Pembercast and had asked her to be his wifeo?-his father, who had sought a wife of that family and then cast her away! He did not thinku Uncle or Aunt Pombercast would object; but his father was a mystery, and had already ended one love-dream of his children. No, he would not think too much of Mr. Lance ford of the Limes-ihe believed that gentle man would not say ho to him, the favourite son. It would be a good worldly match oeven, and was not his fathor a man of the world? It was right enough: the Lance fords were not to be all unhappy in their loves when-under the spoil ! Willie Lancoford, full of his own thoughts, nearly dashed his horse's brains out against the great iron gates of the Limes before he was aware of his propinquity to homo. He had boon giving his mare an easy trot on the deep grass skirting the roadway, and had advanced swiftly and almost silently towards the lodge gates, till the mare had plunged before them and then backed wildly into the roadway. "Halloa, Will! " cried the well-known voice of his oldest brotheoi; " maltke as much noise as you can, there's a good fol low, and frighteon the souls out of us. Hero's Kitty's cap gone down her back with con sternation!" "I forgot I was so near the lodge," said Kitty,- I inq'tx t1_> ..a]- - _, t«W much ? " "No, Mr. William, I - I was not alarmed," stammered Kitty, recovering her little cap and setting it on her raven hair with hands that, dark as the night was, Willie could see were trembling; " we ox pected-I have been expecting you this this long time." " Where's Jemmy ?" asked Willie as his half-brother opened the gates to admit him, and told Kitty to keep back. "Father's up at the house still, I think." "Oh !" said Willie, glancing rather sus piciously from his brother Edmund to the lodge-keeper's daughter. "Not up at the house, Kitty," said Edmund, "or I should not have knocked at the lodge-door for a gossip with him." "Then I don't Iknow where he is, Mr. William," said Kitty, and, still somewhat confused, she tripped across the avenue and ran into the lodge. " Here, Kitty, you're a nice young woman to be put on duty hero!" cried Edmund, tossing the key into the lodge after her; " take care of the Lanceford property, there's a good girl." Willie, leading his horse by the bridle, went slowly and thoughtfully down the avenue; Edmund in a few minutes was by his side. The older brother glanced towards Willie, and seemed puzzled at the intentness with which he looked straight before him down the dark avenue. "Have a cigar, Will ?" asked Edmund, drawing his cigar-case from a side-pocket and tendering it to his brother. "No, thank you." 0 " What's up at Weymouth ?" "Nothing, Nod-nothing." "You soem all in the downs, my fine follow. Some of Uncle Pembereast's sour wines turned to acidulated drops on the stomach, or some of his sour looks which ?" " Neither." " Well, this is uncommonly like Willio Lanceford's ghost," said Edmuud; "I hope it's all right. You're quite sure that you are not a phantom horseman that will vanish in anmoment, and only leave a smell of brimstone behind ?" "You're in excellent spirits, Nod." " Do you find me often weeping and wail ing, lad, that my good spirits should sur prise you? Why, Willie, I am always the same. I'm the only happy one in the family!" " You should pOBBOB0 an, easy consoionce, then, Nod." " As easy as a glove." "I am glad to hoar it." Nod Lancoford loft off puffing his cigar, and looked attentively at his brother for tho second time; Willie returned his look this time, and for a mnomoat noitheor flinched. It was summer time, when the blckneoss of night never wholly doscends on the earth, and thore was light enough even under tlheo limes for the brothers to see each other's face. They wore both tlioe handsome faces of young men. Willio's was the frank English face that told of sterling worth at the heart; and there was honesty, and man liness, and earnestness yet in Edmund Lnncoford's, though it was not the face of five years since. But five years since and he was Willio's ago,-a raw romantic youth, full of wild ideas of happiness never to be roalisod,-and now he was a man and had soon the world. And the world, like time, trios all of us; it tests the baser metal of which its worldlings are composed, and sots its stamp upon the worst. We cannot mix in the world and carry with us the boy's heart, the boy's looks, with which we sot out on our journey. Edmund Lancoford coolly puffed at his cigar, but he was the first to flinch and look away. "Have you not an easy conscience, Wil lie, that you congratulate me so warmly upon mine." " You don't mind me speaking out?" "Not I." "It's a bad habit of mine," said Willie, shortly; "I hate things unsettled, I hate my thoughts unsettled; and the latter you have certainly disturbed to-night. I don't know why-I can hardly explain. lam not generally suspicious." "You're not a bad sort; but you need not blow your own trumpet quite so loudly, Willie Lancoford." "Shall I speak out, Ned ?" "By all means. You are suspicious of me ?" "Well, Ned, I won't say I'm suspicious of you-that's hard upon so little evidence. But you lay yourself open to suspicion, and spiteful people might have made a good deal of scandal out of Mr. Lanceford's son and Kitty Dornton gossiping together near the lodge gates at ten o'clock at night." " People must have something to talk about, Will." "Yes, but to talk of you is a jest you can bear-to talk of the girl is a slander that may kill her." "Bravo ! " cried Edmund, "that's papa Lancoford's philosophy ; only you fool what you say, and papa seldom does. Excellently worded for eighteen and a half. You are becoming knowing, young sir." "Turn it off with a jest, Nod, if you like," said Willie, moodily. " It is all a jest, my nervous youth-my young man's best companion," laughed Edmund : "do you want me to talk solemnly, or pray for help against a temptation that does not beset me ? " " No." "Kitty Dornton's a girl-" " A year my senior, that's all." "And you're a boy, Willio, just out of jackets, and giving up reluctantly your peg top and marbles." "I am of the age of Edmund Lanceford when--" " Alh ! don't fling the past in my teeth," cried the older brother quickly; " the ghosts of five years ago no longer haunt me, and the boy-I was a boy then-has sunk down the trap with them. Now lot us talk seri ously. Kitty Dornton is a young woman, and a very pretty young woman too, so far as that goes; dress her in silk and send her into a fashionable crowd, and how many would jump at her, and forgot her ignorance and her h's ! If sheo were less innocent and spoony, she might make her fortune with that face." " She is very handsome-granted." "Jommy Dornton's only pride ; he drives them all mad in the servants' hall about his daughter-what a beauty soe is--what a good, honest, hard-working girl! Some love-sick swain in the neighbourhood has christened her the Lodge Angel,-see what S".5 oerCtneuleeaeeo earr3Pliiccell -r -nu-vw believe the masculine gender ever really catch it twice-it's like the small-pox. A man pretends to be in love, as a matter of course-it pleases the ladies, who are ro mantic, and with whom love is a necessity ; and so oaths are made and broken, and the gods conjured, and thunderbolts bespoke, and then all passes away like a tale that is told! Life's three-fourths humbug, Wil lie." " And are you studying for the church?" "I am my own master --I have left the church and sermonising to Nathan or you. I shall not return to college; I am off in search of a more lively land than ' Merry England.'" " And our father, is he aware of your in tentions ? " "Is he aware of my intentions?-deuce a bit. Mr. Lanceford objects to be bored, Willie." "We are forgetting Kitty," said Willieo; "lot us finish one subject." "Still suspicious!" cried Edmund. "Why, Will, you must have a hankering after Kitty yourself, and be jealous of your more amiable brother." "Not I," replied his half-brother; "but you dait away from the subject-you will not settle the question and my doubts at the same time. What brought Ned Lanceford at the lodge at so late an hour ?-thero " " Willie Lanceford." " Honour ?" " Honour bright. You were late, and little boys on horseback require to be looked after. I will not say when I reached the lodge gates that I did not grow tired of rubbing my nose against the cold iron, and thought of Jemmy Dornton smoking his pipe after supper. I will not say that I was sorry to 800 Kitty's handsome face instead of Jemumy's withered pippin of a countenance, and that I did not got up a tete-a-tete which 'spiteful people,' as Willio Lanceford justly observed, might have made scandal from, by calling it flirtation. You may call it flirta tion if you like; shabe's a girl worth flirting with, though she's only a coachman's daughter." " Well, don't make a fool of her, Nod. Don't fill hoer head with nonsense about you: Kitty's head may be easily turned." " Kitty's a eensible girl. She's no fool to go mad over a few compliments, or to think her master's son is about to fall in love with her because ihe asks her for ar kiss in remem brance of ' auld lang syno.' " " Steady, Ned!" "I am steady-I always was," said Ned, with a laugh. ''To take the ills of life with composuro, and okeeop care from robbing the flesh off your bones, is to be steady. I have had a trouble or two; but I have shaken themrn off like the snow-flakes, and onjryod life all the more. What is life-this three fourths humbug, as I called it just now without oenjoyment, Will ? " A third attentive glance towards Ed mund Lancoford, Willie's suspicions taking a now turn- suspicions that his brother had lingered too long over his wine after dinner before turning into the night air. 1" As for Kitty Dornton," said Ned, "she's a good girl-you know that as well as I' -Will. I wouldn't harm a hair of her head for all the world. I'm not quite a black sheep yet, think as ill of me as you may." " I don't think ill of you, 1Nod. I am very glad to hear you speak out at last." They had reached the end of the avenue, and Willie turned with his mare in the direction of the stables. Edmund stopped. "Any commands for Paterfamilias ? " in quired he. "No, Ned. I shall see him in a few moments." "Nathan returns to-morrow, Mr. Lance ford tells me," said Edmund. "That is capital. The old times over again, Ned-we three together at the Limes ! " "Ali ! the old times over again," repeated Ned as he sauntered carelessly towards the house. Was he thinking of the old times when he was shut in his room upstairs, whither he had proceeded without intruding upon Mr. Lanceford, who sat alone in the drawing-room, amusing himself as best he might under the circumstances ? Were they the old times or the now that set this young man, who had resolved to enjoy life, thinking so deeply at the open window, with his elbows on the sill, and his chin clutched be tween his hands ? The new times; for he muttered at last "whore's the harm?" and looked defiantly down at the terrace and the green slopes beneath the drawing-room windows, as though some one had stood there accusing him. He meant no harm. He was a good fellow; at school, ,ollege, in the world, everybody had been his friend and sought his company. He had the rare gift of winning hearts. Surely he know where to stop ; he had great powers of self command. He had been a little gay these last two years; but he had done no one any harm. He had lost a great deal of his faith in womankind; but men who are a little gay always do that. He had not found many heroes in the world, and lie did not aspire to be a hero himself. Ho was no better or worse than other men - a little better, perhaps, he thought conceitedly, for the jests and the stories of his friends did not always please him, and more than once he had scowled down too free a relation of his wine-bibbing associates. And Ned Lancoford was not the man to turn scoundrel \--hlie hated scoundrels ! He was fond of his jest; lie rather admired pretty faces-and Kitty Doruton's was a pretty face-but he wished no one any harm. Ho was not a milksop, and if a girl " made eyes " at him, that was her fault for encouraging him; but lie was a man who knew where to stop! Perhaps lie might have been a better than, if five years ago ho--pehaw! he was a boy then, and know not what was best for him. Why, lhe was a fool, and actually thought himself in love. In love, and not nineteen years of age-what folly! He closed the window with a bang, and strode up and down the room for a moment or two, stifling some painful thoughts in their birth. Lot us glance for a moment at the com panion picture to this, as Jemmy Dornton an hour later walks slowly towards the lodge, the lantern in his lhand flinging fitful shadows along the avenue. Jemmy. Dorn ton's hair is greyor, his apple face more lined, his stop not quite so firm as when we parted with him five years since.. He has soen trouble like other men in those years; his wife has been taken from him, and he linas inherited her rheumatism, which he is inclined to be glad of at times, it puts him t',d q nc has it lnd,, tL4 P otl.r -?-u~nGýrr - weighing about a pound and three-quarters, opens the door, enters and nearly drops his lantern with a start. "What, Kitty, lass-still up ? " Kitty, whose head had beon.bent over an open book, looks up and smiles a little wearily. "I am not tired; the night is warm, and my little room very hot." . "Reading, lass?" he asks as he closes the door, walks into the scullery beyond, and blows out the light in his lantern. "A little." " The good book, Kitty? " "Yes." "Ah! there be nothing loike it. You're your mother's gal!" The old man drops into his square easy chair and sighs. " Tired, father ?" "Rather-it ha' been a hard day's work, Kitty, and days harder than usual seem to, try me more nor usual now. Mr. Lance ford's been outriding, and Mast'r Edmun's been out riding, and Mast'r Willum cooms home precious late, as usual. Heigho! I do hope that 'ore boy ain't getting rackety loiko his brother." "His brother Edmund?" says Kitty, looking round quickly. "Ay-he boan't the young man I thought he'd grow to once! " Kitty seems about to reply, then checks herself hastily, closes her bible, and pro coeds to put it away on a sideboard, along with an old Pilgrim's Progress and two prizes that she had won when she was younger at the Dorchester free schools. "I loiked that boy Edmun' next to Willie," maunders the old man, "for Edmun' wor a bold boy who had no fear in him. Ho'll turn out a noble man, I thought, and a good master, and a foine folloi--and somehow he doan't turn out anything. IIoe be easy as over, and as good-tempered and as hearty, but the lam ing he has had at college has spiled him somehow. P'r'aps the Latin's done it p'r'ops the change of air." "I don't think he has altered much," murmurs Kitty." "You be an innocent gal, and doan't know what young men grow up to. I (doan't say he be a bad'un-God forbid that in a Lancoford !-but that le harn't hit my opinion of what le would turn'out to be. And now Willum's cooming the eame game, and never cooming in at proper hours, and keeping an old man up that lie knows can't sleep a wink till he be sure every horse is safe and comfor'ble." "Didn't I hear his mother was atMIol comboe Regis?" " You bo right, and tho boy's a mother's boy. I pine my hopes on that 'ere Willum yet; heo b different blood, and the best of tho lot on 'em. I allus said so." " Will you have any supper, faithor?" " Just a crustt, Kitty, and a horn of alo. But go to beod, denr, go to bed; I can munnngo all for myseolf." But Kitty will not lot him manage, and bustles about the room, and soon places a neatly-laid suppor-tray before him. The old man takes his crust and sips hisi horn of ale, and glances at Kitty, who has drawn her chair further away from the light, and is slowly relapsing into thought. Jemmy Dornton thinks it sloop, as the long dark lashes veil the full eyes, and so eats his supper in silence and looks towards her with all a father's pride. And, sitting there, she is indeed a hand some girl; many women in a higher sphere would give half their incomes to possess her good looks, for they would win titles with them and achieve many triumphs. Here, in this girl, are charms that a duchess is sighing for in vain-charms that are wasting their sweetness " on the desert air," or leading her slowly into temptation, despite her moral training, her simple heart and innooence. " I thought sha would grow up a beauty, dashed if. I didn't!" muttered Jommy Dornton, "and thern bean't her equal in all Dorset, for a five-pun'-note. She groweod up good too-and handsome be that handsome does, any day in the week." When this rustic beauty is in her own room, she crouches down at the bed's foot and gives way to a passionate outburst of tears--to a few passionate words that may be the outcry of a susceptible heart, or a prayer for protection. "Is it wrong to think of him-to think sometimes he loves me ? It can end in nothing; but it makes me happy, and I can not shut him from my heart. Oh ! keoop me good." So, in the humble lodge as under the roof of the great house at the end of the avenue -amidst poverty as in wealth-in the by lanes of life as in the broad highway, the spell still works, and the spell- bound strug gle vainly. f.b be cont id(,f.) 