THE BED-HAIRED MAK'S WIFE. BT THE LATE: WLLLI AM CABLETON. CHAPTER xn. , {Continued•) .•<_'•' O'Donnell, then, loved Catherine Tyrrell with a purie, holy, and unselfish love." He loved her, too, as one almost without hope; for he was quite aware that there was a gulf between them which it would he difficult, if not impossible, to pass. The Tyrrells were nroverbially a proud race, amiable and condescending to their inferiors, hut haughty: to a degree in their bearing towards those who at all stood to them in the light of equals. O'Donnell was a respectable, well-educated, and well-circumstanced young man; but he was the son of a fanner, and fanner's sons, no matter how -wealthy, do not usually aspire to the hands of young ladies of gentle blood at all events in Ireland. Indeed, I have known wretched, broken-down men of good family, without an acre of land or the smallest stake in the country, who would consider it degradation itself were his son or his daughter to marry into a merchant's or trader's family, even though be were worth thousands, so deeply is the word " caste " graven upon the Irish heart. I could multiply instances of this, and bring forward the most convincing and corroborative proofs;' but, I fear that my reader, whose patience will yet be sorely tested and tried, will not thank me for it. Hugh's position, therefore, was one of difficulty if not danger. He saw the barrier, which fate, or circumstance, or accident, had raised up between them; and he looked around him, and in vain, for the strong arm which should cast it down. . Had he made a confident of Mrs. Maqony, it is quite possible that that good old lady, whose heart yearned towards him with almost a mother's love, would, after her own simple fashion, have given him such advice and counsel as the exigencies of his case demanded; but, so alarmed was he at his own presumption in placing his affections upon Catherine, that he would sooner have plucked out his right eye, than made her iaithful breast the repository of his secret. In this he was wrong. Mrs Mabony was not, as already hinted, the wisest of her sex, but in youth she bad had more than one admirer from out the ranks of the middle class; and in the end was set up at auction, like a piece of merchandise, and duly knocked down to the highest bidder. Of course, her married life was wretched— hut what of that ? She had gained a wealthy, though somewhat dilapidated husband (his age was sixty-two, and he was rather infirm in his gait); and the idea of .there having been any sacrifice on her part never entered the head of her virtuous minded father.— " The man was able to keep her in full and plenty—aise and comfort, without her having so much as to wet the top of her little finger; and what more did she want ? If her husband wasn't young and handsome, he was rich, and that was a far sight better, Beauty was only skin deep, and youth wouldn't- last always— hut golden sovereigns—bedad, them's the article that never grows ould or ugly." Such was Mr. Gogarty's opinion, and certainly, so far as the influence of gold is concerned, he was right. " Bank," says the sublimest of our sublime poet-writers, "is a great beautifier," but he might have added, and with truth, "money is greater." Gold covers the hoary head with the clustering curls of seventeen, smoothes e ery wrinkle from the furrowed face, gives colour T to the cheek, brightness to the eye, vigour to the frame, lightness to the step — youth — buoyancy—heart —hope—life itself—everything, in fact, short of God and Heaven. Ah, yes, every day, men of every creed, in every corner of enlightened Christendom, fall down and worship the golden calf with an idolatry, that might well put the disciples of Juggernaut to the blush. We feel for the6e poor Juggernautians—we pity them —we pray for them, and we send out, at an immense cost to ourselves, missionaries (who are sometimes eaten) to preach to, and convert them ; but we have set up in our own hearts a more detestable idol than Juggernaut himself—whoever that gentleman may have been—the idol Gold. But this digression, profitable as it may be in some respects, in no way helps me on with my story, which, with all this moralising and generalising, runs the risk oi being prolonged to an almost indefinite extent. CHAPTER XIII. MRS. MAHONY CONSULTS FATBEB MQBAN, AND THAT . GENTLEMAN 0IVE6 HER, AMONG3T OLHJJR THINGS, HIS OPINIOM OF MB. TIMOTHY FAG1N.**'' MBS. MAHONY was rather a slow thinker, and a little wanting in the quickness of perception for which her sex in general is said to be remarkable,. but she, nevertheless, after a month of close personal intercourse with O'Donnell, arrived (by a painfully laborious process, it is true) to the conclusion that the young gentleman was looking remarkably pale and thin, and that'he exhibited decided symptoms of a tendency to consumption, heart disease, or some equally fatal ana distressing 1 The boy is not himself those times," she would say ; "he's wearing off the face of-the earth, and his eye has got that look in it that reminds me of mypoOr.brother.Manrice, the Lord be merciful' to iriin. : wonder what's the matter with him at all. 1 I shouldn't WOO- der if'twas the hard readinff and study, and those'long, 3oneiy night walks.' He's a dear, good lad,-and I'm aurellovehim as if he was my own, and I know if anything were to happen to him, I'd feel it for. many a day to come. And now that Ithhik of it, I'll speak to Father Moran about him the next time he comes here, and: maybe he'll jje abie ^ something for him, for I'm sure he wants it, poor.fellow" Mrs. Mahoby was as good as her word. The priest happened to pay her a visit a few days after the good-natured soliloquy, which I have just given in extenso, and after a little general conversation, and a great deal of Seating about the bush, the good woman, with a hesitation which made her appear as if she were meditating some diabolical crime, approached the subject nearest to her heart. " Father," said she, " Hugh O'Donnell is about the best informed and best conducted lad in the whole barony." Father Moran assented by a nod. " He reads French, and German, and Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, and I don't know what else, just as easily as I would English, or, for the matter of that, Irish; I really wonder how the boy's head is able to contain all he's got in it—mine would burst, I think." The priest looked as if he thought that such a contingency, under the circumstances, would have been quite possible; but he contented himself with the look, and said nothing. " I'm afraid he reads too much, and that his health is suffering from it," she continued. " He's lost his colour; he's lost his flesh; and what is worse, he's lost his spirits into the bargain. He used to be a gay, sprightly boy enough, with a cheerful word and look for everybody he happened to meet: but that's all gone. He's grown silent and melancholy, and fond of hiding himself behind hedges and ditches, and in barns, and cowhouses, and haylofts, and other unchristian and out-of-the way places; and it's the opinion of Tim Fagin, and one or two more, that he sometimes sleeps of a night under the Bishop's tombstone in old Ivilcommon chapel-yard. Tim says that he saw him no later than the night before last coming out of the graveyard, as pale and as ghost-like as if he had been lying there since Christmas last, with his bands behind his back, and wiping his eyes with an embroidered pocket-handkerchief." " With what, ma'am ?" asked Father Moran, speaking for the first time. " With an embroidered handkerchief, father; so Tim says, at any rate." " He must have held it between his toes then, Mrs. Mahony ; for, according to Mr. Fagin's account, his hands were behind his back. And that reminds me that I've a small account to settle with Master Tim, and the sooner I do it the better. Is he about the place at present, do you think?" "Who, Tim?—no; he's gone to Knocknacashoge for- a saddle belonging to Dr. Donovan, thathe left to be mended more than a week ago." " I hope he won't sell the saddle and drink the proceeds," 6aid the priest, dryly. " Mrs. Mahony, that young gentleman's abilities are not properly estimated in this part of the country, and I think that the sooner he breaks new ground, and transfers himself and them to a more appreciative district, the better it will be for all parties." (To be continued.) 