THE OBITUARY OF THE MONTH. WE take from the latest edition of "Men of the Time" the following biographical notices of Charles Dickens and Mark Lemon:— Dickens, Charles, the son of Mr. John Dick- ens, who held a position in the Mavy Pay De |mrtment,wasboraatPort»uoßtli, inISU. At the dot© of th« war his father retired on a pension, and came to London m Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. Charles, who to placed m a clerk in an attorney*! office, wa* induced by a strong literary bias to obtain an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chronicle, tbea in the senith of it* fame, under Mr. John Black. The editor, no ticing hi* readiness and versatility, gave him an opportunity for the display of his abilities by inserting in his journal those "Sketches of English Life and Character," which were re printed in a collective form, under the title o "Sketches by Bos," in 1836 7. About the same time he wrote a comic opera, entitled " The Village Coquettes." This graphic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in a ludicrous aspect, did not escape the notice of Messrs. Chapman and Hall, who requested " Bos" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the " Posthumous Me moirs of the Pickwick Club." The subject was treated in a manner at once so easy and natural, and with such a flow of genuine humor, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank among living noTcluts. Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and, after his death, by that of Hablot K. Browne (Phiz), the " Pickwick Papers" had an enormous sale, and the name of the author was announced in 1838. The great success of " Pickwick" naturally caused Mr. Dickens to rceeiye a Tariety of offers from London pub lishers ; and brought about his connection with Mr. Bentley, who engaged his serrioes as editor of his Miteellany in the second number of which, for February, 1837, appeared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist." This story, which was published in three volumes at the dose of 1838, lets the reader into some of the secrets of life, as it was too frequently found in the parish-union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villainy which form so dark a blot upon London and the larger cities in the prorinces. Admirably illustrated by the pencil of George Cruikshank, "Oliver Twist" at once became a farorite, and is still regarded as one of the author's happiest productions. " Nicholas Nickleby," whioh appeared in shil ling numbers, uniform with " Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that work, was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classee at oheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens states in the preface that these disclosures re suited from a risit of inspection paid by him self to a school of the " Dotheboys" class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens un dertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled " Master Humphrey's Clock," and in. eluded, amongst other tales, those since repub lished in a separate form, under the names of " The Old Curiosity Shop," containing the epi sode of "Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity; and of " Barnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with the name of Lord George Gor don, in 1780. About the time of the publica tion of " Master Humphrey's Clock," appeared his " Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," the cele brated down, almost the only production of Mr. Dickens' pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of " Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr. Charles Dickens sailed for the United States, for the purpose of pre paring himself for the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Having visited a great part of the country, and accumulated a store of materials, on his return to England, in 1813, he published M American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of " Change for Ameri can Notes." In 1844 " Martin Chuulewit" ap peared in numbers, and in the summer of that year Mr. Dickens visited Italy, and many of the results of his observations were afterwards pub* li&hed; in the Daily Newt. Keturning to Eng land in the course of 1845, he suggested the foundation of a cheap daily newspaper, to ad vocate the spread of Liberal politics, and secular education at home, and show itself the sworn enemy of despotic and arbitrary power abroad. Having organized a large literary staff, and sur rounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day, he commenced the Daily Newt, January 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and contributing to its columns his sketches from the south of Europe, under the attractive title of " Pictures of Italy," which were after wards reproduced in a collective form. Mr. Dickens soon withdrew from his editorial post, and resumed his humorous serial publications. He wrote some stories of a more strictly imagin ative cast, called " Christmas Books," of which the first, "A Christmas Carol," was published in 1843; the second, "The Chimes," in 1845; the third, "The Cricket on the Hearth," in 1846; the fourth, "The Battle of Life," in 1846; and the fifth, "The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1848. In addition to the above, Mr. Dickens has written " Dombey and 8on," published in 1847-8; M The History of David Copperfield," in 1849-50; M Bleak House," in 1853; "Little Dorrit," in 1856; and " A Tale of Two Cities," " The Uncom -mercial Traveller," and " Great Expectations ;" the last three having been reprinted from All th« Tear Round. In 1850 Mr. C. Dickens started Household Word*, a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years; but a dispute having arisen be tween him and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled All the Tear Hound, which he still conduct*. The first number of a new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens' pen, entitled " Our Mutual Friend," appeared in Maj, 1834. Mr. Dickens has a high reputation as an amateur actor, is one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and has been an active pro moter of the Royal Literary Fund. Lemon, Mark, editor of Punch, born in Lon don, November 30,1809, was for some years a writer for the stage, and as a member of the Guild of Literature and Art occasionally donned the sock and buskin. He was one of the knot of authors who established Punch in 1841; from the first acted as joint-editor, and on the seces sion of Mr. Henry Mayhew succeeded to the chief poet, whioh he has since retained. He is the author of upwards of sixty dramatic pieces, and of numerous articles in Household Wot da, the Jlluatrated Newt, and other publications. He has written " ihe Enchanted Doll," a fairy tale, published in 1849; " A Christmas Ham per, prose and verse, a collect in of stories," in 1859; "Wait for the End," in 1868; "Le gends of Number Nip," and " Lored at Last," in 1864 j " Falkner Lyle; Btory of Two Wives," and " Lcighton Hall, and other Tales," in 1866. He has edited a collection of jests, and written about a hundred songs. 