EXPLANATORY. Under this heading the Gaivler Times of last week says : — " We have more than once been asked by grave and practi cal contributors, why we fill our back page with what they indignantly call c rubbish/ viz., a tale or part of one, and miscellaneous extracts," and then answers the question as follows : — " So this we must reply, that as far as own taste goes, we would rather insert some articles of a practical and " sensible" nature, but we have to consider the taste of a large num ber of our readers, whose literary diges tion is somewhat delicate, and who would be down upon us " like a thousand of bricks" if we omitted the " rubbish" in question. Alter reading an article which appeared in the same issue, on the " effects of the war on the Papacy," we came to the con clusion that the number of readers of the Gaivler Times , whose " literary digestion is somewhat delicate," had in creased to such an extent as to render it necessary that a portion of the f ront page should also be devoted to their especial benefit, for surely the Editor does not class the article in question amongst those of a " practical and sensible nature." If he does, all we can say is that his own literary digestion must be somewhat on a par with that of his readers. The whole article is nothing more than a hash of some Exeter Hall discourses, seasoned with the sagacious prophecies of this modern Athenian. Here is a speci- men — "We may yet live to see the- Holy Father and the devoted son (alluding to Napoleon), as refuges, oc , cupying lodgings in Leicester-square, or near Dr. Cumming's Church, in Crown Court, Drury-lane." Yes we- may certainly, and we may although this is very unlikely live to hear the Editor of the Gaivler Times acknowledge his utter ignorance of what infallibility means, and perform a suitable penance for attempting to write an article upon a subject of which he has no more compre hension than would be displayed by Jerusalem pony if asked for an opinion upon the domestic policy of the Per uvians. This sapient writer in the Gaivler Times thinks the Pope has made a great mistake in allowing the (Ecume nical Council to discuss the dogma of. Papal infallibility, and believes that his spiritual power and influence will be di minished by its promulgation. Poor Pope ! what a pity you didn't think of consult ing the oracle of our modern Athens- before venturing upon a course which is to bring such disastrous consequences upon yourself ! The editor of the Gaivler- Times says you have made a false step, and he is quite confident of this, because, although you are not infallible, he is, and he is quite sure that in the exercise of his private judgment he invariably forms a correct opinion ; and that you are-: certainly wrong in your interpretation of I the Holy Scriptures and the tradition of the Church. Is it possible to conceive I anything more outrageously absurd than the tone and attitude of Protestant- writers in regard to Papal infallibility ? In the first place, they will persist in confounding infallibility with impecca bility, as if they were one and the same, then they pretend to think that infallibility involves the faculty of inven tion, and this in spite of the fact of re peated explanations that papal infalli bility means nothing more than that the Pope is a -final Court of Appeal, that in him is vested the right of deciding upon the question of fact as to whether any doctrine in question is or is not an article of faith, and that in the exercise of this right by virtue of his office as God's Vice- regent on earth he is infallible — that is to say, he is preserved by the special assis tance of the Holy Ghost from the possi- | bility of giving a wrong decision. Now what is there so preposterous or un reasonable in this 1 is not the Pro testant theory which ascribes infallibi lity to every one indiscriminately much more unreasonable and much more difficult to believe 1 That the Pro testant principle of private judgment does involve the attribute of infallibity can be proved by a very simple process of logical reasoning. If every man has a right to interpret the Scriptures for him self, independent of any guide or autho rity, which is the position assumed by Pro testants, it follows that every one must be infallible as far as his intepretation of the Scriptures is concerned ; for if he is not infallible he cannot be certain that he is right, and if he is not certain that he is right of what use to him is his right of private judgment ; for unless it is capable of producing a moral certainty it cannot be a safe guide in matters of faith. A little further consideration of this subject will show that not only is infallibility claimed by every Protestant individual, but in a much more extended degree than that in which it is attributed to the Pope, by the Catholic Church. As we have be fore shown, the Pope has no power to in vent any new doctrine. He can only de fine those already believed in the Church. He is as much bound by the catechism and creeds of the Church as the child who is learning his Cater Noster at the Sunday School. There is no such limita tion of Protestant infallibility. Accord ing to the Protestant theory of private- judgment any individual may invent, accept, or deny, any doctrine he pleases, so long as he says he gathers it from the Scriptures. He may accept or deny the Holy Trinity, the Divinity of our Lord, the inspiration of the whole or any part of the Holy Scriptures. The eternity or existence of future rewards and punish ments, in fact, any part or the whole of Christianity, and yet whatever he accepts or denys, he must be infalli ble, for he has exercised his right of private judgment, and he assures you that His doctrines are contained in the Holy Scriptures. Now is it not clear from this simple process of reasoning that the Protes tant principle, followed up to its legiti mate conclusion, ends in Deism or infi delity : and the only reason why all Protestants are not infidels is because their hearts are stronger than their logic, and they don't follow up their principles to their legitimate conclusion. The in stinct of their hearts attracts them to Christianity ; they are spell-bound by its inherent loveliness, and although they will not submit their reason to its in fluence they cling to a mutilated and grostesque form of it rather than cut the connection altogether. In conclusion, we beg to inform the 'Editor of the Gawler Times , that he need not be in the slightest degree alarmed about the personal safety of the Sove reign Pontiff. He is just as safe now as his illustrious predecessor was when the legions of Charlemagne were at his ser- o o _ vice ; nor need he in any way disturb himself as to the effect of the proclama tion of Papal infallibility on his spiritual influence. To all human appearance, the Church was in much greater danger of extinction in the days of Diocletian than she is at present. " Sanguis martyrum semen Ecclesia," is as true now as it was then, and we may rest as sured that our Holy Father desires no greater reward for his persevering labors than that he may be permitted, like the Uood Shepherd to give his life for his flock. 