j, A TRANCE. I ; ("A Soul's parting," in All the Year Round.) At length one evening Charles was aroused from dozing by a noise in his room. On looking round he found that the sound came from Sour Those, who was weeping violently. Then the truth at one flashed on him that Clara was dead. Yes ; why hide it from him Her spirit, while he slept unconscious of his loss, had died away like a sweet strain of music. The night was far advanced when Charles Temple awoke, from the uneasy sleep into which, notwithstanding his passion of grief, or rather because of it, physical weakness made him fall. He had been dreaming that he wandered with his pretty wife in the deep Devonshire lane where first he wooed her. He thought holindgivenherawhiteroso from his breast She took it but as she was about to place it in her dress a drop of blood from her heart suddenly fell upon the snowy petals at which he started and awoke with that sort of vague nervousness in his mind which not unusually haunts even healthy people for a few minutes after awaking from a disturbed dream. Hardly knowing what he expected to see, he glanced timidly around. Your Therese had left the room, as it was her custom to do when her patient slept and he could distinguish the sound of her regular heavy breathing as she slumbered in the next apartment. The candle which stood on a distant table flickered fitfully as though fanned by an invisible shroud fluttering somewhere near it in the air. In its wavering dark light shadows crept about in the corners of the room, like the black robes of dead Sisters of Charity, who had returned to visit the scene of their labours during life. Out- side the wind rose and fell in long measured sighs j and a few raindrops, which came down at intervals, pattered against the window like fingers of shivering ghosts who were there tapping for admission. A strange sad fancy now seized Charles, a fancy which, considering the natural cast of the young poet's mind, the delirium from which his brain had so lately recovered, and his bodily weakness might well be accounted for. He assured himself that Clara's spirit was about to visit him A book in the town struck the quarter, and then began its chimes to play a tune, but suddenly stopped in the middle, as though it were terrified at the sound of its own voice in the silence of the night. " Clara, Clara, where are you ?" lie murmured in his great trouble of mind. The words had hardly left his lips when a low sigh sounded through the room. He started. Did. that sigh come through the air from afar or was it breathed close to him And now there appeared upon the crimson fringe of the bed curtain, which was slowly drawn back, a little transparent white hand. Then a faint cry burst from Charles Temple, and a tremor ran through his frame. It was arrayed in shimmering white, and the form was so light that it might have been wafted to him on the midnight breeze. The face, in place of the bright, changeful complexion, showed the ashy grey pallor of death, and though the cheeks, which had been round and dimpled, were hollow and sunk, the face was the same face that he had loved so well. There was no more sparkle of life in the eyes which were turned upon him with a fixed mournful gaze, and lit with a strange unearthly lustre. On the colourless lips there rested a faint smile as of a moonbeam falling on a field of snow. That smile was the most ghastly thing in the whole apparition. It was as though the brilliant smiles that used to flash on him the warm sunshine of mirth and love were reflected by unnatural light in some distorting mirror. For two or three minutes Charles gazed at the phantom in silence. A great awe, an unutterable sadness, was upon hinges sadness not unmixed with a vague melancholy pleasure at the proof given, by this visit of her spirit to him after death of her undying love. At length he spoke in a soft whisper, for he had half feared that the sound of his voice would break the spell in which he lay. " My wife, my love," he said, "you are then come to take a last leave of me, to tell me that I am still dear to you." " I was just now with the angels, but they have let me come to you again," replied a low voice that was like the voice of the old Clara heard from afar. " You love me still, Charles ?" "Love you, my heart's first and last darling," he rejoined in tones dulled by the strong pressure of his emotion. "There are many spirits here who watch you, although I have been away. The room is full of them," said the same low, sweet voice. He shuddered, as well a mortal man might shudder to hear one of the novices of heaven tell what she saw with her faculties. "Hark!" the voice went on, while a transparent hand was raised, " the spirits talk together. But there is a bright light around me. The angel again takes my hand. Let me kiss you once more upon earth, my Charles." Then the spectre bent down slowly towards him but at that moment a great fear, overpowering his weakened faculties of body and mind, came upon Charles Temple, and he fainted, Sour Thoroso overslept herself that morning, so that the sun was up before her, and was throwing a chain of gold through the half drawn window curtains on the door of her patient's room us she entered it. When she looked towards the bed she crossed herself and called on the Virgin. Beside Charles Temple there lay another form. As soon as she had somewhat recovered herself, and was able to examine more closely, Sour Therese found that it was the dead body of his wife. She was lying with her arms around Temple, who was completely insensible, with her head resting on his breast, Many were the stories to which this strange circumstance gave rise among the good sisters, who fully believed, and indeed still say, that the body of the heretic lady was carried at midnight by the Evil One to the apartment of her heroic husband. Dr. Bor sardine' found, however, a more realistic way of accounting for the marvel. When the sister who watched beside Mrs. Temple believed that she died, she had really sunk into a deep trance-like sleep, To save himself unnecessary pain, the doctor had not visited the supposed corpse of his favourite. Had he done so, he perhaps would have discovered the mistake. Clara had awakened from her trance in a delirious state, and the passing strength given by fever had enabled her to rise. Her love for Charles being the one remaining note of harmony amid the discords of the poor girl's brain, she had gone straight into his room, which was not far from her own. She entered the room while Charles slept, and seated herself behind the curtain of his bed, as she used to when nursing him. When he called for her she had risen, and made herself visible to him. Her mind during her illness had been dwell- ing so much on death and eternity that it was little wonder if her wandering talk was of angels and spirits. The ephemeral strength of fever had soon given way ; the dazzling light which often precedes fainting had come before her eyes. She had sunk upon her already unconscious husband, folding her wasted arms around him, and nestling her poor little head against the dear familiar breast. No aid had been at hand to keep the flickering spark of life alight within her; and so she passed away, to be, in truth, one of the angels. THE SPANISH WORKING MEN AND THE WAR. -The following protest against the war has been issued by a body of working men in Madrid : " In the name of the Gospel, and in the name of the interests of the human race, we protest absolutely against the principle of war as a means of terminating differences between nations and we emphatically protest against its injustice, when its sole object is to gratify an evil ambition, or to obtain merely political ends. Workers with the intellect, and workers with material labour, in France, Germany, and Spain, let us unite our voices in one ory of reprobation against the war. The division of labour and the exchange of the products of the world are continually increasing, and form the foundation of the prosperity of nations. War, on account of questions of preponderance of power, or of dynasties, is, in the eyes of working men, nothing but a crime. We protest against the systematic destruction of the human race ; against the destruction of the property of the people, which ought to be employed in fertilising the ground, and in rewarding industry against the shedding of human blood to gratify vanity, self-love or monarchical ambition, War destroys the best instincts of man, and creates national animosities ; war is the indirect means whereby national liberties are destroyed ; war is the destruction of capital, and of the daily labour of the working . man." A VALIANT HUSBAND An unfortunate married man was very ill-used by his Xantippe ; he was even treated with an occasional thrashing. His friends rallied him upon this, and at last spurred him on to declare that he would make an effort to be master. One day, not long after, his better half was so furious that he found himself compelled to seek shelter under the table. Just at this moment the voices of his friends were heard in the passage. "Come out, come out !" cried his wife, fearful of an exposure. "No! no" cried the husband in triumph; "come out, indeed I Not I I'll show for once that I am master 1" 