SACKVILLE REACH, HAWKESBURY RIVER. On Tuesday, the 4th instant, the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Episcopal Church at this place j was performed by the Right Reverend Dr. Barker, Bishop of Sydney. The Bishop was assisted on the occasion by the Kev. W. Wood, of Pitt Town, and present pastor of the parish; the Rev. H. A. Palmer, formerly of Pitt Town ; the Rev. C. F. Garnsey, and the Rev. J. Vaughan. Notwithstanding the very unsettled appearance of the weather, there were between two and three hundred persons present, many having come considerable distances. The proceedings were commenced shortly before two o'clock p.m., when Mr. Stephen Tuckerman, J.P., read the fol- lowing address:— To the Right Reverend Frederic Barker, D.D., Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. May it please your Lordship,— We, the undersigned members of the Church of England at Sackville Beach, hail with feelings of pleasure your first visit to this portion of your diocese, and beg to offer you a hearty ! welcome. We are under the impression that your Lordship is aware of the adverse circumstances in which we have been placed with regard to our Church, as well as our temporal affairs, by the great and destructive flood of 1867, which swept away our church, the school-house, and teacher's residence. Since that unfortunate event Divine service has been conducted in a temporary building wholly insufficient for the requirements of the congregation who attend on the ordinances of religion. We desire, therefore, to erect a suitable and substantial building as a place of worship in which to uphold the religion of our fore- fathers, and band down to succeeding generations a memorial of our zeal in the cause of Christianity. As our future prospects afford much encouragement, we have made an effort end have completed arrangements to commence the erection of a church, which your Lordship has kindly con- sented to lay the foundation-stone of this day ; and we feel per- suaded that we shall, by perseverance and the blessing of, God, be enabled to carry out the work to a successful completion. In conclusion, we trust that it may please the Almighty to spare you many years to watch over our spiritual interests, and feel assured that your presence amongst us on this occasion will be attended with the most beneficial results. We remain, Your Lordship's most faithful and obedient servants, (Here follow the signatures of Stephen Tuckerman and other leading parishioners). Bishop Barker, in reply, said : He received the address read by Mr. Tuckerman with great satisfaction, though not without some feeling of self-reproach, inasmuch as it was truly stated that this was the first time he had visited Sackville Reach. It did seem strange that having visited the extremities of his diocese, he had not before been induced to visit a place so near to Sydney. It was the first time he had looked upon the lovely prospect now be- fore him, with its fertile lands rich with verdure, and the beautiful river gliding on below them ; yet those around him could not be unmindful of a very different scene on more than one occasion, witnessed perhaps from the spot where he was now standing— a scene of devastation and destruction. He remembered laying the foundation-stone of the church at Pitt Town in the midst of a great flood ; but he exhorted the people to take courage, and he thanked God that he could now with greater confidence encourage them, seeing the prospect of an abundant harvest, in under- taking to raise a temple to the honour and glory of God. He hoped that it would be a fruitful source of comfort to them and succeeding generations. His Lordship then engaged in reading the special lesson for the day, and offered up prayer. A hymn was after- wards sung, and the Revs. H. A. Palmer and C. F. Garn- sey read passages of scripture from the second chapter of Paul's Epistle to Ephesians, beginning at the I9th verse ; and from the 20th chapter St. John, beginning at the 24th verse. The foundation stone was laid by the Bishop, who said, ' In the faith of Jesus Christ I have placed this foundation stone of a church to be dedicated to Almighty God by the name of the Church of St. Thomas, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' Under the stone was placed a bottle containing the fol- lowing engrossment on parchment; — The foundation stone of this Church, dedicated to St. Thomas, the Apostle, was laid by The Right Kev. Father in God, Frederic, Lord Bishop of Sydney, and Mctropolitan of Australia, on the 4th day of January, A.D. 1870, the 33rd rear of the reign of her Majesty, Queen Victoria. The Right Honorable the Earl of Belmore, Governor. The Rev. William Wood, Minister of the District. Building Committee. Rev. W. Wood, chairman : Mr. Stephen Tuckerman, J P., trea- surer ; Messrs. H. Campbell, Tristram, Dauhtan, E. Cbattsrton, 3\. SUpiieuB, G.Bradley, C. H. Tuckcrmao, O. Manning, and J. Davis, the Rev. H. A. Palmer, and Rev. H. S. King. John Stephens, builder. Dr. Barker again addressed the congergation. He congratulated them on what had taken place, and exhorted all to persevere unto the end, thanking God for His good- ness and mercy in permitting them to come together on such an occasion. It was no common cause of pleasure that there were so many of their clergy present. He re- collected reading in the paper of their friend Mr. Palmer, now present, standing on the site of the former church, only a few yards distant, and praying that what they had witnessed that day might speedily come to pass. He was thankful that he could now congratulate Mr. Palmer on being permitted to share in the services of that day. He was thankful, also, for the presence of Mr. Garnsey, Mr. Wood, and Mr. Vaughan whose sym- pathy with the work now begun was highly gratifying. He hoped that the first fruits of an abundant harvest would be dedicacted to cause of God, and that all would con- ,vil uti tpt*d y aud chK!rfjlly to perfeot th»t whioh r«j lo be ? one. JBy inviitd th» se pre&eut; to pUoa thftir comrduiioLB in ihJ plate on the etouo, a oaU whioh was tL-^OLdt:0 to by £31 16a. being deposit* d. The form*! being eiidtd, tho a^embUge made their way io the luncheon booth, which was erected: on. the gieen bunks of the river, covered with ferae and tiUtlNe, pretcntiog a truly pleasing and rural nypibTniice. Tne tables were laden with the lust uf c*;ib-e»-, and tbe inviatioofl to tako a ^at wtre rend ly accepted by [appetites eharptn^d by long ridt-s bnd ix.eudtd abbtmenue. in all» abjut three bun* urt-d jonng and uid pxrtoik of the repa»u When tho tt acting was ovf-r, a public meeting waa held td frc*co, pre* hided over k y ibe Bithop. Etoquen* addrt^Bsas ware deli vered Ly bio iiord»hip, the Revs. W. Wood, H« A. Palmerr C. F. GuiiiH-y, ttnd J. VMU.'ban, Appealing touehio^ly and ! exrcFXiy tut a effort m the part of tbe ptcdffbioaer^ lortfihe'tbe amount required for the oom?letit-n *f tbe chuicb. A turib-r collectitm was tluo takea up, amount* ug to £6 14-., wbkh made tbe sum realised (hat day, with ibe sale of licneU for the; lunchKm, ab^ut £50. From the fibamial tint* Diifct made by the&^v. W. Wood, it appeared tlat from £i00 tu £450 hltogtther would be required to ctmpltte tbe building. Tbe present contract was only for tbe bU-ncwc-rk, £233, towards which there was now rained nbuut £180. 'ILeene of the church ia oa an eminence above ihe vatcrrLurk of tbo great flood of 1867, though . but a fcboit diftame from the positiun of the oli church ? butwag fwept away. It ia cxpectcd that a aut&aieat; sum w. 11 be raided to compute the new building within twelve months. In tbe mean time Divine worship will be oon* tmutd in iheiempuraiy building close by. It waa S u clock btJoie tbe biu-inets wuu concluded and the people begAn to n^nke for bomt', bfttr spending a very pleastiut day. The Atatbc-r up beyond all expectation, as the «ky w a* (i ut b ovt reifct, and tbe rnys of the tun scarcely onco brok*1 trough tbe litbulm. The day was cousequently cool and -4gi-tttblc, asd tbo charming scenery which surrounded -Lh locality, otd which wk8 new to many of the visitors^ dotitd much to tbe enj'^mmt of the whole proceedings* 