SMITH'S PATENT ATMOSPHERIC STAMP & QUARTZ CRUSHER. By the mail which arrived yesterday after noon there was received on engraving and specifications of Mr. W. C. Smith's Patent Atmospheric Stamp and Quartz Crusher, the successful publio trial of which at Ballarat we announced through our telegraphic columns a few days ago. Applications for letters patent have been made to the Tasmanian Govern. ment, and Messrs. Joseph Copeland and Co. have been appointed agents for this colony. '"bo specifications state:- This machine, for the pulverisation of gold, silver, and other ores to asn Impalpable powder, Is ve'y.:aimple in construction. The stamp-head uaed Is about 751be. weight, hut by tboe force of the atmospheric pressure It strikes near a 1000. pound blow, with so average rapidity of 150 blows per minute, or 300 blows with the two stamps sed in the machine, as illustrated. The platoo and stamp. bead is raised by a double cam on-the--maio baft,-thes alternating the blows, and, making it equivalent to abalanee.wheel). The piston is raised into an atmospheric chamber, thereby creating a vacuum underneath the same, which gives such great momentum to the stamp when, relieved from the upward motion of the cams, asto produce the results above mentioned. The principle upon .which the machine is con stracted allows two or more stamps to be driven from the asme shaft, as may be required. It I estimated that from 20 to 80 per cent. of the pre cioea metals have been heretofore lost for want of some method which will return all the ore from the quarts or baser metals. This complete sepa ration is effected by the "Atmospheric Stamp," which will pulverlso any known ore to an im palpable powder, and preserve all the produce for future operations, thus securing the largest pos sible results. The two- stamp machine will crush in this maoner from 6 to 10 tons per day, with 6-borse power, accoordlog to the degree of fineness required. - Referring to the trial of the machine whioh took place at Ballarat a few days ago, the Ballarat Courier of the 23rd instant says: .The trial was made with a two-bead battery, eachb stamper weighing 7 cwt., with a revolving motion, working in a box about 3 feet long, 2 fret wide, and about the same in depth. This part is very similar to the ordinary battery boxes, except that the box tapers downwards in the form of as inrerted pyramid. The foundations are squared logs as usual, the corners of the cast-iron fames which support the moving power being securely bolted down. We should mention that the delivery of the crushed mineral takes place on all four sides of the bhx where it is largest, the area.of the gratings being In the aggregate fully 5 suplerfiaial feet for the two heads. To show the portability of a small battery, it may be men tioned:tbat the whole of the iron work is com. prised within a total height above the logs of 6} feet; a totals width (Incllsive of belt wheel) of 6 feet, and a depth across of 3, feet, the whole weighing only 29 cwt. The cost of manufacture Is about £.00 for a two head battery, of course excluding cost of patterns, worth about £65. To this will, we presume, have to be added the premium chargeable for using the invention It is now necessary to describe how the impact is obtained which gives to a small machine like this such advantages over the ld plan of lilting and dropping the stampers An ordinary 12.head battery, with stampers of the usual weight, is calculated to crush from 160 to 170 tons per week, whilst with the atmospheric stampers it is calculated that two, welhing 70 Ibs each, will give an impact force of 100o lb each, and crush 70 tons per week. The length of stroke of the stampers is 6 inches. 'The upper. ends of the piston rods are furoished wits a piston working n a cylinoder, air.tight at the bottom, and open to the atmosphere on the top. The cams are fixed on shaiting, only two for ach hbeads the motion intended to be employed being very rapid, and consequently there would not Ce time for the stampers to fall if a third cam were added. This eff ct, 'my have been nlten'oh served in batteries when the speed of the revo latioo exceeds what was. provided for, the sue. 'eeding llft coming so gaickly that the stamper is prevented from failing its entire stroke, The rainiteg of the setamphbead -is thus sccompanlod with an upward movement which creates a oacam betweenathe'hottom. f the cylinder and the piston.- On the cam,releaoing the stamper the whole force of the atmosphere presses the piston down instantaneously, having not only the falling poser if weight hbt the addiltonal power of air against the ratlsd piston of the exhabusted' eyltin der. The celerity of the successive strokes ear; prised all who witnessed the trial, the revolutions bcing frequently at the rate of 120 per minate, thus giving 240 blows in the same time with a single stamper. Some quartz was passed through of perhaps Cite least friable kind winch exists namely round water worn stones just as they came from the puddling rauhine, yet the work of !pounding' woi most 'effectually performed,' the ,sand from the gretingn being extremely fioe,.so much so that it was jocalarly, remarked by some gentlemen known from their connection with the raocery business, that"It would be capital staff Wvith' which .to'a'dultterate sgar. The. engine nd., ,boiler,i used were. hardly powerful enough., the steam, oylinder being five Inches. in .diameter, with .a one. . lfoot itroko, and to attain speed with only one statmper, with a multiplying power from the driving drum o tie battery drum of three to one, a pressnro of oixtypbunds: of steam had to be used.' There' ý bounl; however,; be a o'difiullty:in providing lmiera engines with, boilers attached on what' is ncaled the pot plan,. asufiontly poswerlul: to work aetlll larger laumber of heads, and yet not ecupy moroe pace.. These upright engines are tn many respects preferable to those fied horizon. tally on wheels, as the force of the stroke is vertical and cylinders :don't . wear' away on one aide, those used by the stevedores at Sandridge jetty being examples oft what work theywillt do.' But perhaps one of the greatest recommendatlions in'favor of the atmospherlo battery 'is the small cot for' the power "gained. The two head one In this' case coats, for manufacture and erection, Inclnsivit of'bed logs, about £100. ', i-TrnH WnRAT "MAnEr.--The tenacity with which holders-of wheat in and aroand' Laun. ceston have retained their grain has at length had the effeot of :ttraoting a laroe importa lion of 'that 'prdnuce 'from New' Zealand. Dealers and millers here offered as much as the state of the markets in other places would admit; but scarcely sullioient wheat could be proaered to meet our own requirements, to say nothing of exporting the grain.. We wore t shown:.a telegraim received 'hero yesterday afternoon from Hobart Town,. setting forth that the bark Pet was 'coming np the river Derwent 'with a Carg'o "of 13,000 bushels of wheat from New Zealand. "What effect this news will have on our wheat market may easily be surmised.-- ' "'THE NEws OP THE WORa.LD"-By the San Francisco mail, delivered in town yes Lerday, we have received No. 1 of the NVer' of tho World, 'a newspaper published. ait the Alta California office, and intended for circulation in Australia, New Zealand, Tasmania, and the Polynesian Islands. The prospectus states that " the establishment of steam communication between Sain Francisco and the Australian colonies renders a publi cation similar to the Home News and the .Eueropean 'Mail absolutely necessary;" and that the News of the WVorld will contain the very latest information from all parts of the globo. Although evidently put togethler in a alurry, the paper contains a large quantity of news, besides several illustrations. Messrs. 'Wlch Bros. and Birchall have been appointed agents for Tasmania.' ' DSLOnAINE PLOUGHING MATOc.-A? public meeting of all persons interested in the Delo raito annual ploughing match will be held at the .Dloraine Hotel, on Monday' next, to decide on the ground offered for the match, fix the date, and transactother business. The meeting will commence at 3 o'clock. t SooPs, ANoItNT AND MOnatRN."-Mr. Henry Button was announced to deliver a lecture upon this interesting subject in the Mechanics' Institute last Tuesday evening, but owing to the inclemency of the weather a very small audience assembled, and the lecture, with the consent of all present, was postponel indefinitely. '' . . INSOLvENT. CoMrTr.-The following cases I will come before the Insolvent Court this ] morning, at eloven o'clok :-First meeting- a William Brian Harris, of Launceston, licensed victualler. Second meeting and on discharge \--Dennis Donovan, of Westbury, carter; 'E: c F. Dease, of Northdown, anationeer. LAcsdNR TOs 'AND NORTe - WEST COAST STEAM NAVIGATION CoMPANY.-An , adver tisement in another column announces that I Mr. John Thompson is authorised to collect t the payments duo on account of this Asso- a ciation, and to receive applications for shares y preparatory to the final closing of the share list. t NEWOASTLE Scno?AaenIr.- Wednesday's o Mercury states that the examination for one P of the Senior Newcastle Scholarships, tenable C at the High School, Hobart Town, was conclu ded on Tuesday. The subjects were the same o as for, the A.A. Degree of 1870. James Whyte, son of the ion Mr. Whyte, M.L.CO., I was the successful competitor. Robinson, son a of the Rev. W,' C. Robinson, and brother to I tho Tasmanian Scholar of 1869, obtained the second place; Denison Hull, son of Mr. H. U. Hull, Clark of Parliament, the third; and fluy Clerk, son of Mr. Clerk, late of Malahide, the fourth place, and each obtained 'numbers t entitling him to go in for the A.A. Degree examination. Tna CLARENCE MUNIOIPAL ACCOUNTS. The Clarence Municipal Council Lad a special meeting on Monday to receive the report of Messrs. Lewis and Parker, who had under taken to investigate the. accounts of the Municipality from the beginning. All the Councillors were present, and the auditors, besides several residents of the district. The accounts were clearly explained by Mr. Parker, his statement being supplemented by Mr. Lewis.. The report was received and adopted, but nothing was done with respect to calling on the sureties, or taking criminal proceedings against the late Council Clerk. It appears by the report that instead of£74 18s Od, the balance at the end of the year 1809 stated in tlhe published accounts, the true balance is £468 sDa d, besides the deficiency in receipts for rates. The auditors, for wanut of the roughlcash book, or rate- receipt books, adopted the only course open, namely, to place the amount of receipts for rates as shown by the publislhed accounts against the total of the assessments, the difference being rates uncollected or unaccounted for. That differenco is £237 16s 10d, but it cannot be all takenas defalcation, because it is subject to reduction for rates remitted, and empty Ihouses. The result of the whole is thiat tlhere is a deficiency of at least £500.-Tuesday'a 21.T. Alerscury. Tnoa FnarTLmZT'rao of the sandy plains of Gennevlliers with sewage from Paris is found to be mes tgecCesaftL. SSPOUTINo.The scarcity and consoe luent high price of pigeons has reduced local sportsmen to the necessity of advertising for parrots for their sporting matches. We see no reason why those birds should not answer quite as well: they fly as strongly as pigeons, and, being smaller, will require a quicker eye and hand. A short time back wi hnard one sportsman suggest that wild ratbbits should be obtained for shooting matches. ACCIDENTAL DEATH.-An inquest was held at the Hospital before T. Mason, Esq., Coroner, on Tuesday, on the body of a man named Booth Jackson, who died there on the previous Saturday.. Charles Goodwin, a painter residing at Deloraine, deposed to find- ing the deceased lying on the ground in the yard of the Odd Fellows' Hotel, Deloraine, at 3 p.m. on Sunday, 17th inst., at the bottom of a flight of twelve wooden steps leading from the house. Witness had seen him in the hotel warming himself about ten minutes previously, at which time he was not drunk although he had had a glass. The steps had no bannister to hold by. When witness found the deceased he was sensible, but lying quiet. There was a wound on his forehead, and wit- ness saw blodd on a sharp pointed stone close to where deceased lay. On being asked how it happened, deceased informed witness that he did not know whether he fell off the steps or on the ground. He remained at the inn -till the following morning, when he walked to his master's (Mr. John Field, of Calstock,) about a mile from Deloraine. Dr. W. G. Maddox stated that deceased was brought to the Hospital on the evening of Thursday, 21st inst., with a letter from Mr. John Field stat- ing that the man was in his service. De- ceased was then perfectly insensible, and could answer no questions. He was paralysed down the left side, and on the, right side of the forehead there was a large wound, with a fracture of the skull. The bone at the bottom of the wound could be distinctly felt fractured and depressed. A few hours later, after de- ceased had had some rest, witness, raised the bone, but the symptoms of compression were not removed by it. Deceased still remained conscious, and continued in that state till he died on Saturday, 23rd instant, at 1 p.m. Such injuries as the deceased received might have been occasioned by a fall if the head had strunk against the sharp edge of a stone step, but not a flat surface: Death resuslted from the injuries received. The jury returnedc a verdict of " Accidental Death." OCIonULAs HEAD MAIL AGAIN.--On Mon day last, 18th instant, the mail did not come in again until half past nine o'clock at night, being half-an-hour after closing time. - The boy stated he did not' get away from Table CapIe'ilbtil 12 o'clock, on account of not being able to citch his horse." 20th, 10 o'clook No mail again I-Corrse oodent. CfE?iAIA SEssesIs, WVESTBuRY.-,The next sitting of the, above Coiurt, for, the hearing and, decidiig5 of claims not oxceediing. thirty pounds,' for liearing appeals, anil for the transaction of other business within its juris diction,':will be hold at the Court House, Westbury, on Monday next, at 10 a.m. InaEMISSION oF SENTENOE.-Tlhe Governor. in-Cooncil has remitted the sentence of., six months' hard labor passed by the Stipendiary Iagiatrate, and Mr. Tonkin, J.P., on the30th June, on George Watson, charged with having assaulted a boy named Philip Graham, rigod 11 years. The evidence of the boy was all there was `in support of the conviction, but there was considerable room to doubt -the identity of the accused. Happily the friends of the convicted man were able to procure evidence to satisfy the Executive Council that the Bench had done him injustice, and an alibi was proved upon declarations; prepared by Mr. McIntyre, the solicitor, whereupon Watson was released from durance vilo.-- ller cury. RIFLE MATOII.-The Government have given a Wilson's breeoh-loading carbino and 1000 roundeso ammunition to be shot for. by the northern volunteers. The match will take place -n 8th August; The regulations are the same as those for the last Government prizes with the following addition :-Each man will be allowed (in addition to: his soars) one point for every two drills he has attended from the let January to the date of firing. The ranges are' 200,300,400, and 500 yards, five rounds at each. DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST:.-In our obituary of today will be found the announce- ment of the death of one of the three inhabit- ants of Tasmania returned at the last census as being over one hundred years of age Henry Barrett, œtat 101. Barrett arrived in this colony in the year 1804, and consequently at the time of his death was a colonist of 66 years standing. For fifty years he has been a resident of York Town, and gained, a liveli- hood by market gardening. About a week before his death Mr. Barrett's health began to give way. He was buried at Whirlpool Reach on Sunday. The two remaining centenarians are both males; one is 100 of years of age, and the other 105. ANOTHR PERJURY CASE.- Mr. Alfred Nicholas, says yesterday's Mercury, who was acquitted at the last General Sessions held in Hobart Town, on the charge of maliciously. shooting at Charles Phillips, on the 17th of February, applied to the Stipendiary Magistrate yesterday for a warrant for the apprehension ol George Mullen, alias "Boomer," and Charles Phillips, on a charge of perjury, alleged to have been committed by them in giving evidence at his (Mr. Nicholas's) trial. The Stipendiary Magistrate objected to the issuing of a warrant, as there was no evidence before him to prove that the two individuals re- ferred to wished to frustrate the ends of justice by evading an enquiry into the truthfulness or otherwise of their sworn depositions. Acting upon the advice of Mr. Graves, who had been engaged for the prosecotlon, hMr. Nicholas did not press for the warrant, but took measures for the issuing of a summons against the two parties mentioned. THE BETTsINO ?A~IRET.-The .lheboUrtt Leader of 93rd Ilst. says-The Bnurea is quiet, that is to say in legitimate betting, but in sensa tional risks doubles are alive. All the goid things at 1000 to 5 are gone, and any horse of note for tihe Melbourne Cup, if coupled with Tim Whiffler, Barbelle, or Little Dick In the Metro politan, are reduced to 100 to 1. The latest run has been on the two little Dicks, but the excite ment cooled as soon as the prices were reduced. 1000 to 25 was once laid, and 1000 to 30 may still he had but such properties are too saleable to ofierinldiserlumloatey. The Tasmanian mare, Miss Wilkins, was hbacked- at to000o to 8 saove, and Trump Card at 500 to 10 twice over, and a commiassion from South Australia wase executed at 1000 to 20 about Lapdog, to some 3000 or 4000 pounds. lany oGbthers have been supported for small same, but, on the whole, the market remains uoaffected by the lnvestmelnts Grey Mlomua's entry is deelarol to be invalid for the Cup, and all bets regarding him areoff; as he never aotesally had any chance of winoing; by tha same role his backers could not lose. Tim Whlflher contiaues to have an upward tendency for the Mletropolitan Stakes, and tarbelle is pro Shably the'most in reqouest after him. Pyrrhus is frequently spoken of as the coming horse, but exceph?ig for thIe Aualalian DegiY is noet haked. THE MURDER AT MANGANA.-- Alfred Har- rington, who was committed to take his trial by the Fingal Bench for the wilful murder of his mate David Johnston, on the llth instant, arrived here yesterday and was lodged in the gaol, to await his trial. THEATRE ROYAL.- The performances at the theatre on Tuesday evening wore witnessed by a very small audience, owing, probably, to the very inclement weather which prevailed. " Zerco, the Gipsy King," Was repeated, as was also the ballet, and the farce " Torn Him Out." it ist night the drama of the" Wreck Ashore" was put upon the boards, and will be repro. duced this evening. As usual the ballet was the piece do resistance, and certainly Miss Sally Lloyd and it. M?Aasartio deserve the greatest praise for the spirited manner in which they' go througi, their elegant performance in spite of the depressing effect of empty bbenohes. Thie literally soreaming farce of- "Betsy Baker," concluded the programme. 'We are glad, on behalf of the public,and also on Mr Watson's I account, to learn that the magnificent bur lesque of "Ixion, or the Mian at' the Wheel," is in rehearsal. The present company should t be strong in burlosque, and " Ixion" is bound " to. draw." OCusrors SEltzans.-It will beseen byourlast night's telegram from 'Hobart Town 'that the hearing of the charge against Messrs. Hisby and Calvert for an alleged attempt at smug gling, has been fixed for Saturday next. We understand that the explanation given is that the seized cases contained a great variety of articles, part of: which were free "of:duty altogether; to avoid the trouble and risk of unpacking, it was thought to be the most simple plan to pass some as free, and to pay on the others a higheir rate 'of duty than the law required, thus arriving at what might be deemed . a fair averagn on the whole. As the case 'will be heard on Saturday, however, we presuine all the facts will be elicited. LAUNcsETON AND WSTERN RAILWAY - Co. \--Tenders are called for by' the Board of Directors for the supply of 100 tons of best Newcastle coals, until 10 o'clock on Tuesday next, 2nd August, 1870. Tenders to stalt price, for ddlivery, as customary, on the wharf at Lanoceston,'or on' the station ground. A MSAN' 'DYINOG AND COMINGO TO LIFr AoaGS.--" It so is very seldom," remarks ;the Colac Observer, " that a man dies and comes to life again, that when a startling fact similar to. this does.occar it is generally worth chroni bling. A, imanr named Samuel Talbot, a laborer residing in Colas, becoming suddenly indisposed, the services of Dr. Rae were called in,.and after.the.nanal medical inspection the man was ordered to bed, and the dootor do parted to obtain the necessary remedies. While a away a message was sent to him that Talbot I had suddenly shuffled off this mortal coil, and I believing the statement to be true, though 1 somewhat surprised, he drew out the necessary I certificate, stating the-anuso of death. The t friends of the supposed dead man immediately t took the necessary steps for the funeral, the t undertaker and the registrar of deaths having f been informed of the mournful event, and no I doubt chuckling at the thought that business 8 in their line was looking up. In the .house t where Talbot was laid 'straight out upon his bed' was gathered a number of women, and mourning and lamentation could bo heard, the t friends weeciuc for the poor man, and would not be comforted, when to I Talbot opened I his eyes, and stared around him with marvel- I lous surprise at the scene which was being I enacted in his house. Of course, the women a screamed and evoered their faces, forming all c manner of thoughts about ghosts, and it was c afterwards found that Talbot had .merely g swooned away, and had been in a sort of trance 1 fora number cf boaura. The undertaker was compelled to desist making the coflin, the a registrar destroyed his certificate, and the doctor. indulged himself with a hearty good 1 laugh. The joy of the friends can, of course, a be better imagined than described." E LUNATIcs il f' ANCE.-Since 1835 the i number of lunatics in France has increased a from 4-96 per cent. of the population to E 24.58 per. cent. M.' Lanier, the Inspector- 7 General of Lunatics, is of opinion that a con siderable portion of this increase is due to the abuse of spirituous liquors. 