OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. . (From our own Correspondent.) ' \December 3. The Port Augusta railway scheme has been, before the Assembly again, and its friends are rather' disgusted at the un equivocal success attained by'them. Since the failure of their no-donfidence.moye a month or two- ago they have been pre serving a treacherous calm, acquiescing in nameT but not in fact with the deter mination of the majority to let the Gov ernment have their own way about it. The'prospects of recess have, however* reminded thpm that what they do must be done quickly. For a week or ten days past . they have been .organizing their forces for a final attack, and so well have they .kept .theirCounsel that the notice of motion given by Mr. Mann on Thursday last was the first intimation to the Minis terial/party that evil was brewing. Indeed posterity might have been until this hour ignorant of the noble effort made sub rosa to beat up a majority dissatisfied with the Government had it not been for the indis creet- revelations of Mr. Bright under the relaxing effects of Sir George Kingston's port. On Thursday evening the Speaker gave a dinnerthe festive Bright was there, and when it was all over a little prudent pumping extorted a discovery ot what-had-been and what was to be. On Friday the motioh came on. Tt was skil fully worded so as to condemn the Gov ernment action, whilst approving the policy of survey, and to affirm the neces sity for at once passing the Bill to allow the call for tenders to take place before the Parliament reassembled. Mr. Mann, who has sold himself unreservedly to the Port Augusta railway interest; assimilated ;his opening speech very closely to his no confidence speech, dwelling with great unction on the humiliating position the majority had been reduced to in having to accept the dictation of the Government. He neither disclaimed nor admitted a hostile intention, but his words; had un-^ questionably an unfriendly, flavor about them. Mn Watts seconded in half a dozen words ; and then the . Treasurer, said the Government saw no objection to the motion. It .was as good as ia panto mime to witness the effects' of this' announcement. -Mr; Mann struck up a ghost of a cheeri but coritriveH^to hide his gratification;- Mr. Ghcesqn put on a positively sulky look. Mf^Bright's coun tenance, which had before beerien wreathed with smiles,..suddenly fell, and- all intelli gence died cmt; Of "it." Mr. Glyde gazed j at^the Treasury benches with att incredu lous gaze. Mr. J. Lindsay scowled. Mr. Coglin exploded in liughter..- Mr.': Wentzel half rose in his chair, smote his hands together, uttered " veil," and sub sided., Mr. Strangways smiled sardoni cally, and. relieved himself with a volley of ironical cheers. Of the other con spirators some looked relieved, others chopfallen. Of the Ministerialists some looked grave and dubious, others hilarious. Mr. Laurie, who had patriotically post poned his return to the South-East to be available for this and other contests, laughed contentedly at the turn .things had taken ; and Mr. Paltridge philosophi cally said nothing. Mr. Glyde rose -to speak, but was so struck with the absur | dity of argument where all were at one that he incontinently sat down again. Mr. A. F. Lindsay reasserted his undying opposition to the guarantee system and that " cracked up humbug, private enter prise," and opposed the motion. Mr. Strangways assured the House that the Treasurer had ingeniously fallen in with I the humour of the House to smother the scheme; ,but after all had been said and done the resolution was carried, and the Government are pledged .{p, bring in a Bill. . Two hundred thousand pound loan for general road construction, and stamp, legacy, and succession, duties to pay the: interest on it. ..That's the last Ministerial idea, and I plainly foresee that if the means to.meet the loan are;not provided the loan itself will cerfcainly go down. Of course the city and the suburban members, who will get nothing for their districts, feel indifferent about it, and the members for country constituencies which are fully provided- with roads wUl oppose it on principle* but the debating so far has been aU in its favo?. The South-East is to be singled out for a special dispen sation, and so also is Yorke's Peninsula, whilst the Northern Extension Railway is to be furnished with feeders, and, other districts are to get just as much, as they can. The stamp duties are estimated to bring in jE25;66o yearly-.tidy help to an impoverished Treasury; but the mer cantile community are opposed to this system of raising a revenue. Such oppo sition will not greatly influence the rustic representatives if they can be brought to believe that the burden 'will fall exclu sively upon commercial'men. So! long as they themselves are exempted, they are prepared to confer upon.their neighbours the.richest benefits that paying taxes can conifer. In the distribution of the taxes they, never fail to claim a share. There ! is, however, a proposition now before the Council hi re the new Land Bill that may supersede entirely the necessity for the stamps, if it . does not also extinguish entirely the road loan :.scheme. Mr. Morgan, is its author, and its6 design is to authorize the sale of 100,000;acres yearly byT auction instead of shutting up the whole of the waste lands to the farming interest. Should this be tarried a sum 6f something . like £100,000 will be; added to the Treasurer's estimate of terri torial revenue for 1871, and a few. of. our financial difficulties will be effectually bridged over. There is every likelihood that the motion will be carried, for it will radically alter the Land Bill, and it is now quite evident that radical alteration is [the policy of the TJpper House. .They have suffered the selector to purchase his I land at the close of four years,.they have abolished .residence as one of the equiva lents. for cheap land, they have reduced the required outlays On improvements from 15s. to 10s. per acre. In fact, their I idea of liberality is to transform the I structure of the Bilf'and to give uncoa trolled freedom to the system of dummy* ism. , Mr. Ward has had another tussle with the absentees, and lias been defeated oh the grounds thai his,scheme for their taxation was partial and absurd. lie claim ed for it the nieritof equity and' the sane-. tionof out and out equality, but liefailed egregiously in substantiating the claim. He directed his crusade solely against absentee proprietors of rct#property* and actually attempted to defend ilie exclu sion of absentee money lenders,,an^s^'^re^ holders. What he iiiten^'^^^i?|tli''' . bloated sq'nattcrs' who arlj d rawirfgltheir* ? wealth from leased lands I don't Snow*;, but I take it that they also would coma-" amongst the exemptions. In fact, the only class to'be discouraged are thoso who increase the value of property in the colony.rby investing capital in property,. and who give a substantial guarantee ofr their belief in the stability 6f South Aus-. tralia by .acquiring vested interests-I had almost , written .vested rights*but it has been decreed that vested interests inu South Australia have no vested rights^ within it. The hph. member having been defeated in his" own1 scheiriirhas the auda--. city to demand that the Qoyernment shall devise one and submit it for him toi mangle. It is evident,that he is more; innocent than he looks, or gets credit for being. ...-..*. ...?i . A word of lament for Sammy Raphaels The .quondam " Irrepressible" has beea repressed. Gawler Ward has {deserted its champion in the time of his extremity and he . is left to wander far froih ;ihisr municipal paradise. Poor Samuel! Jfoup years faithful,; fearless,. and obtrusive"' servitude, and then to" be placed at the foot of the poll. ./He took his thrashing so much to heart that he missed the opportunity of addressing the electors at the declaration of the poll; nay more, -jnissed the opportunity of being nomi nated for another vacancy in the Council which is to be filled up within a few dayp. Saddened by the ingratitude of his fellow, citizens, he has retired into private life to keep company with Daniel Fisher, who has beeni vanquished for the mayoralty of Kensington and Norwood. Demagogues are being played out in .the municipalities and will be forced to take refuge in Par* liament. 