ABRAHAM DAVENPORT. BY WHUTIEB. In the pld days (a custom laid aside With breed eg and cocked hate) the people sent Their wisest men to make the pnbllo law*. And so, from a brown homestead, where the Bound Drinks the email tribute of theMiaoas, Waved over by the woods of JRippnwains, And hallowed by pure lives and tranquil deaths, Stamford sent up to the councils of the State Wisdom and grace in Abraham Davenport. 'Twas on a May- day of the far old year Seventeen hundred eighty, that there fell Over the bloom And sweet life of tbe Spring, Over the fresh earth and the heaven of noon, A horror of great darkness, like the night In day of which the Norland sages tell The Twilight of the Gods. The low-hung sky Was black with ominous clouds, Bave where its rim Was fringed with a dull glow, like that which climbs The crater's sides from the xed hell below. Birds ceased to sing, and all the barn-yard fowls Roosted; the cattle at the pasture bars Lowed, and looked homeward; .bats on leathern wings Flitted abroad; the sounds of labour died; Men prayed, and women wept; all ears grew sharp To hear the doom blast of the trumpet shatter Tbe black sky, that tbe dreadful face of Oliriit Might look from the rent clouds, not as he looked A loving guest at Bethany, bat stein As Justice and inexorable Law. Meanwhile, in the old Btate House, dim as ghosts, Sat the lawgivers of Connecticut, Trembling beneath their legislative robes. " It is the Lord'a Great Day. Let us adjourn," Soma said; and then, as if of one accord, Ail eyes were turned to Abraham Davenport, fie arose, slow cleaving with his steady voice The intolerable huh. " This well may be The Day of Judgment, which the world awaits; | But be it so or not, I only know My present duty, and my Lord's command To oocunjr till Hie come. So at tbe post Where He lias set me In His providenoe, I choose, for one, to meet him face to face; Do faithless servant frightened from my task, But ready when tbe Lord of the harvest calls; And therefore, with all reverence, I would say. Let God do big work, we wiil see to our*. Bring in the candles.'' Apd they brought them in. Then by the flaring1 lights the Speaker Albeit with husky voice and shaking hands. An act to amend an act to regulate' The shad and alewive fisheries, Whereupon Wisely and -well spake Abraham Davenport, Straight to the question, with no figures of speech Save the tea Arabic feigns, yet not without The shrewd, dry humour natural to the man; His awe-struck colleague! listening ail. tbe while, Between the pauses of bis argument, To beat the thunder of the wrath of Qod Break from the hollow trumpet of the cloud. And there he stands in memory to this day, Erect, telf-poised, a rugged fece, halfheen Against tbe background of unnatural dark A witness to the ages, as they pass, That simple duty hath no place tar feat. 