OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent] London. December 31 Within a few hours the year 1869 will have passed into history. It has been marked with some memorable events, which will exercise a potent influence in the future. Such are the transformation of the Imperial autocracy of France into a Constitutional Empire, which may have a great effect in conserving the peace of Europe; the opening of the Suez Canal destined to become a new channel for the con merce of the world; the progress of Republican opinion, as shown by the events which have taken place in Europe ; in Spain, still unpro vided with a Sovereign ; and in Italy, embar rassed by her perverse King; the completion of the Pacific Railway, which establishes a through communication between the Atlanta and Pacific, and binds together the new mem bers of the great Empire Republic; and the assembling of the Œcumenical Council at rome, which, may end in making the Pope an absolute spiritual potentate, who will have the Catholic hierarchy throughout the world at his feet, and place himself in direct antagonism to every civilised Government in the world. Henceforth, in place of Catholic unity we may have Catholic schism and division, which may substitute National Churches for Papal Churches, and lead to vast reforms in the direc tion of Protestantism. The annals of the British Empire daring the past year have been unusually striking. Under the auspices of a Gladstone Administration, and with the full approbation of the Commons, and the enforced acquiescence of the Lords, the Irish Church has been disestablished, and its property appropriated to secular uses—a prece dent which must, sooner or later, be followed in respect of the English Church, holding out the prospect ot a complete separation of Church and State throughout the dominions of Queen Victoria. During 1869 the way has been pre- pared for establishing a complete system of national education in England- Ireland has disappointed expectation. The passing of the Irish Church BUI n>igfr+ ""^py^r^itmry cxrcom- | stances have had a beneficial influence, but the expectation of land legislation has aroused a tenant-right agitation, and the Fenians have taken advantage of the excitement to demand the release of the political convicts, and to foment popular discontent, in which Orange men and their leaders have assisted them. Pro bably by the passing of an equitable Irish Land Bill during the coming year, the Imperial Government and Parliament will not only trump the last Fenian card, but put an end once for all to the agrarian outrages which have arisen from the arbitrary powers of the landed interest. But even now the Government have no sooner asserted their authority than sedition and outrage have subsided. We have witnessed during the year a feeble revival of the cry for protection under color of a movement for reci procity and assisted by the general stagnation of trade, but the great mass of the working classes repudiate the nostrum. The death of the Earl of Derby has removed " the last of the long series of Ministers who have repre sented the qualities and the defects of the English aristocracy," and still further weakened the Conservative party, already broken to pieces by the result of the last general election. The troubles of Hew Zealand, the demands for a continuance of Imperial aid in suppres sing local outbreaks, and tile peremptory re fusal of the Colonial Office to accede to that request, have developed during 1869 a colonial question. Certain self-elect ex-colonists have proposed a great conferenceof colonial delegates in London to consider the relation between the mother country and the communities settled under her auspices throughout the world. But, at all events in Australia the proposal has been scouted as uncalled for and an imperti nence. Th« discussion has, however, been of some service in calling attention to the whole question, in bringing out the true relationship between W«tfr""* and her colonies, and in im pressing the public at home with the value and importance of these great dependencies as outlets for oursurplns population, as increasing our commercial resources, and as giving strength and prestige to the British Empire. The past month has brought further contri butions to the controversy. Messrs. Youl and Co. hava continued thtir weekly meetings at the Cannon-street Hotel, and at length re solved on sending a deputation to the Colonial Secretary. A full account of the interview ap peared in the Times of December 17, and I send yon herewith a fuller and more authentic report. To the somewhat vague suggestions of the deputation Bad GranvDle replied as fol lows :—I must first acknowledge the courtesy with which all those who have spoken have ad dressed me. Lord Bury, Mr. Wilson, and others have explained to me that it was a mis conception of mine to suppose that the invita tion to hold a Colonial Conference was con ceived in any spirit of hostility at the Colonial Office. I rejoice toheai it, although the mis conception was not unnatural on my part. The circular was sent to all the principal colo nies without any previous communication with me, owing, as it appears, to an accident. The proposal was based on a description of Her Majesty's present colonial policy which I repudiate; on the bad relations existing between Kngland and her colonies which I do not admit-; and upon the inefficiency of the Colonial Office. After the circular was sent I was officially informed of it by the three gentlemen who had signed it, and I thought it my imperative duty to inform the respective Governors of the views I took of the proposal. Since then meetings have been held, m which the Colonial Office and our colonial policy have been discussed with perfectly legitimate freedom, but hardly in a spirit of friendliness and co-operation. lam glad to learn that I was' mistaken as to the intention of the promoters; but that consideration was entirely pat aside in my circular addressed to the Governors. I only made two ob jections—first, that I did not think the pro posal would be agreeable to tbe colonies; second, that I did not believe it would accom plish the objects proposed. The first objection seems to have been fully confirmed during the last four months. Lord Bury, indeed, says that the approval of the colonies has been stopped by my circular. Is it, how ever, credible that large free communities, if they had a great grievance, and thought this proposal was the best way of meeting it, would allow a mere circular from the Colonial Secre tary instantly to stop and paralyse the scheme ? if this is so, I can hardly conceive a greater proof of the satisfactory relations existing between the colonies and myself, and the great confidence they are inclined to place in this office. Ido not know of any quarrel with any one of them, excepting in the peculiar case of New Zealand, which is anything but of the most trivial and routine character. Different speakers seem to have taken different views as to the objects.of a standing Colonial Conference. Some think it should be for the purpose of changing and denning the relations of this country and the colonies ; others that it sbeuld be for tile purpose of supplying knowledge of a local character. There seemed to be an absence of opinion to-day as to any definite scheme for revising the colonial relations. Host of the gentlemen present wished something to be done to cement and consolidate them. Now, I know that Lord Grey proposes, as is seen by his letter, that there should be a conference to con sider a scheme which he has in his own head, but which is based upon the colonies being willing to give up some of their freedom of action. My firm conviction is that it would be better for those large colonies, taking popula tion and wealth and education into considera tion, not to-give up a portion of that self-go vernment which they now enjoy. I believe that that would not be a solid base upon which any plan of that sort, even if desirable in itself , could be founded. Lord Bury, as I quote from an interesting chapter in his book, would de sire to have a conference for another purpose— viz., in order to lay down at once, in a fnwndly manner, the terms on which at some future time the colonies Bhonld separate. I have no jealously as to the freest discussion of any of these points ; but unless I see that it is the wish of the colonies that such a conference should be held, and until I have some plan to propose to such a conference. I can take no initiative in the matter. As to the assistance of such a conference for local information, I have always been told that there exists considerable jealousy in the colonies of die colonists residing in this country, while, on the other hand, most of the principal liftg-A gifrfrprpAraiftJiant: or tem porary agents. The Duke of Manchester alluded to the transfer of the Hudson's Bay Territory. Without discussing the policy of that measure, I must say that the transaction of it was a matter of great difficulty. The Dominion sent over two of their own statesmen to negotiate it with us. They wonld certainly never have consented to the interference of delegates from the West Indies or tbe Cape, and I doubt whe-. ther, with such interference, any conclusion; would have been arrived at. If yon conquer the difficulties in detail as to the proportion of delegates or of votes which each colony is to have, and the degree in which the Imperial Government is to be represented, the constant advice of such a body would at the same time embarrass the Minister and diminish his responsibility. Wonld Victoria like to re ceive, contrary to her own policy, instructions from me founded on the opinion of a great ma jority of representatives of othw colonies. The proper mode of communication with the self governing colonies ifl directly from the Secretary of State, who is responsible to the Crown and to Parliament, through the Governors, to the colonial Governments who represent the ma jority in each colony. It has been stated that I have expressed a wish that England should be separated from her colonies. Sir George Grey, who has taken an active part in til's matter, and wham I regret not to see here to-day, is reported to have asked whether it was tolerable that a Minister sitting quietly in his room at the Colonial Office should tell the colonies that they wen at liberty to separate from England. I presume this statement was based on an extract from a letter read by Mr. Wilson at a meeting in which his correspondent, after describing a conversation with me, stated that I had ir effect said that separation was a matter more for the consideration ef the colony than for that of England, and that if the colony thought it was for their good they had better go. The writer of the letter in question called upon me some weeks ago with a note of introduction. He was gftlpnTmi'l'" intelligent, and pleasing a in manner, but had probably not bsen much re used to reporting business discussions. He j. repeated to me one by one most of the criti asms which have been circulated on me and r" tbe Hew Zealand policy of Her Majesty's Go >l Terament, J answered each mint as best I • could, and may add that I seldom met with a Ie rejoinder. At last he threatened me with se- Duration and annexation to the United States. I replied by declining even to discuss such a mat « ter, adding, however, somewhat inconsistently, it that I was curious to know what was the prac a tical object of any colonist who entertained bucu an tuea. inu ut> cusa we ouuea wouui •end an army to conquer the Maories for him 1 He answered no; they would not setid an army, butjwould send a band of filibusters and cut th^Uf. who would be ten times worse thai the Maories. I could not resist observing thai the practical object then would be to obtain c substitute ten times worse than the only giiev. ance of which New Zealand had to complain. Ido not remember saying one word more on this question of separation. What I did «aj does not appear to be disrespectful to the great colony of New Zealand, uncivil to the colonbl who volunteered privately to catechise me, oi intolerable even from a Minister sitting qoietlj in hb office room. Any one who has observed he astounding progress of some of the coloniee during the last 20 years, in wealth, population, statesmanship, and intelligence, in everything which constitutesagreatcommunity, must feel it difficult to prophesy as to the future. Ifshould be exceedingly sorry to see England deprived ol all her colonies; but this country will cevei attempt to retain them by brute force ; but 1 believe, however, that the bonds which unite us, though slender, are elastic and much stronger than some suppose. I doubt whethei any attempt to define our relations more strictly would have a stiengthening effect Mauy a man and bis wife, notwithstanding occasional differences, live happily togethei who could not do so if they had called in s lawyer to define how much each was to yield on every occasion, and what the terms of a possible separation should be. It b with regret that I find myself unable, for the reasons which I have given, to take a fresh initiative in a plan which seems already to have collapsed, and I have only to thank the deputation for the courteous attention with which they have listened to me. It will thus be seen that Earl Gran ville entirely repudiated the allegation that he desires die separation of the colonies. Subsequent to this interview. Lord Bury has resigned the Chair manship of the Committee formed for the pur pose of promoting a conference of colonial dele gates in this country. Snch an assembly must, he says, be convened through the Colonial Secretary or through the Opposition in the Colonbl Assembly acting on tbe colonial Ministry of tbe day. The first way b closed; the second, if practicable, would not be desi rable. " Vou-i^B?ot then," so adds bis lord ship, '* even if yon get delegates to come to a Conference at all—which seems to be quite out of the question, so far as Australia is con cerned—get a truly representative Conference ; and no other would be of any av&iL;" Hb lord ship takes special pains to make it understood that though some meetings took place in the rooms of the Royal Colonial Society, that So ciety had nothing whatever to do with the movement \- The last of the weekly meetings of Mr. Youl and hb friends was held on the 22nd instant, after which an adjournment for a fortnight was resolved on. Meanwhile we have received the Australian papers showing that their proposals are rather "laughed at," as in New South Wales, or denounced, as in Victoria, as an im pudent interference. Before separating, the Cannon-street Hotel agitators passed the follow ing resolutions, if, indeed, you consider them as worthy of your space. The last only has any practical bearing, though it must be manifest that the proposed National Colonial and Emi gration League could not exist for a. month after it began to consider plans of operation:— " That the practical independence of a repre sentative and responsible Local Government latterly conceded to many of the principal colo nies, alike at their own instance and with the ready concurrence of ike Imperial authorities, was most certainly never intended to weaken the connection with the parent State; bat, on the contrary, to strengthen it by the increased loyalty and contentment arising from a more suitable political condition, and that in this respect this liberal policy has generally been attended with considerable success. " That as British subjects in the colonies, no less than in the mother country, are bound to render, and do willingly render, allegiance to tbe Crown of England, they are no less en titled to the constitutional rights of British subjects, and that to withhold from them any such rights which are applicable to their situa tion would be a grave offence on the part of any responsible officer of the Crown. ''That it b ot the highest importance to the mother country and the colonies to encourage emigration to these, and for this purpose to make much more largely available than hitherto the almost unbounded resources of -Hie British Empire. " That the separation of the colonies from the mother country would be a capital injury to the British nation, which ought not to be con templated otherwise than as a remote con tingency, to be prevented by every legitimate means of policy and statesmanship, authority, and public spirit. *' That, in order to guard against such contin gency, and to consolidate and perpetuate the essential relations between her colonies and Great Britain, it Uof urgent importance that tbe relative rights and obligations of the Impe rial and the Colonial Governments should be adequately ascertained and defined, wiib due regard to the just claims both of tbe mother country and of the colonies, and alto that libe mutual relations of such Governments should be adjusted so as to secure to the colonies the utmost independence consistent with their various positions, and at the same time to maintain the integrity and to develop for tbe common good the resources and power of the British Empire. " That to this end it is desirable that the con dition and administration of the colonies be made the subject of solemn investigation and deliberation on the part of the Government, acting with the advice of Parliament; and that whether this be made by Parliamentary Com mittee or by Royal commission, the fullest opportunity ought to be insured to the colo nists and their representatives of co-operating in and being heard upon such enquiry, and also with regard to the measures which may be adopted in pursuance thereof, in order that they may be as satisfactory as possible to the requirements and feelings of tbe solonists. "That as there b reason to fear that tbe policy of the Government b unfavorable to the main tenance and consolidation of the colonies as in tegral parts of tbe British Empire, it b desi rable that public opinion and action should be evoked upon this momentous subject by hold ing public meetings, and otherwise as .occasion may serve. 'That, in order to secure the co-operation oi persons throughout the empire who concur in tbe resolutions towards effecting the objects tbsrein recommended, an AMfw^ftiirm^ to be called the National Colonial and Emigration League, to be formed upon the basis thereof; and that for the purpose of more fully organis ing and duly conducting tti& business oi such Association a Committee be appointed. Perhaps I should add that the Cannon-street gentlemen had draughted a resolution some what to the effect, that the waste lands in all the colonies had been unwisely surrendered by the Home Government to the colonial legisla tures, and that they ought to be a preserve fot the benefit of emigrants from the mother coun try. But this important resolution seems |tc have been emulated —probably out of a natural fear that it would only deepen the indignation ef the colonies against the interference of these gentlemen. But the idea b the basb of a peti tion to the Queen, which has received many thousands of signatures among the working classes. According to Una theory it is tht mother country and not the colonists which ie the injured party. The Datiy\Neios recom mends tbe Cannon-street gentlemen bencef ortii to occupy their leisure in some other way, ana leave the Colonial Office and tbe coloniei fjnnfl, "At any rate; thus ends tbe most fac titious agitation ever adventured in England.* Since writing the above I have laid hands upon tbe dropped resolution which b worded at follows":—"That, in the interests alike of thif country and the colonies, the cause of cmi gration b one of primary importance; that although tbe control snd management of tht vast Crown domain of tbe colonial waste lands has, for tbe convenience and advantage of botii parties, been made over to the respective colonies, these lands are still under the Queen'i Government, and are practically as much ai ever open to our emigrating countrymen; ami that it would well become the Government ol tab country to consider the means of a mon active intervention in the great w«fi«n«i con' cern of emigration." Tbe recent agitation both at homo and in tht colonies wit reference to tbe wool trade has re suited in pi"" for "reducing the warehousinj charges, which amount to a not inconsiderabU per centage on tile value of the wool. New warehouses are to be opened in February ai SEUwall Docks, to consist of a ground flooi only, capable of showing upwards of 10.0W bales, and to lot aU tbe wool offered for sale oi one day. The tedious journeys from one ware house to another which buyers have now t< make may thus be avoided. There will also be aline of rails surrounding the warehouses bj which wools can be delivered direct into the railway trucks, and sent to their destinatioi without incurring the detention and expense ol cartage, be., to which they are at present sub' ject Wools intended for shipment (can In loaded either into ships or lighter from tin lqpriing quays. The result of these arrange ments will, it b asserted, be a concentration ol the business, and a greatly reduced tariff ol charges, equivalent to A to 1 per cent on thi value of wools, averaging from £10 to £12 pc Wl* The biddings for the South Australian 6 pel cent Government loan for £100,000 wereopenet on the 11th inst at the National Bank of Aus tralasia. There were numerous tenders, amount ing in the aggregate to £611,000, and the fol lowing tenders will receive allotment:—£s,oo< at £101 10a. Id.; £10,000 at£lo9 Is ; £2,500 ai £109; £5,000 at £108 lls. 6d.; £1,200 at £10! 10s. 6d.; £2,600 at £108 10a.; £1,000 at £10) 7s. 6d.; £5,000 at £108 ss. 6d.; £67.000 at £10! 3s. 6d. Tbe but sum b part of one tender fo; the whole amount of £100,000. The paper con ♦ali^ng the minimum price fixed by the Agent Genera) was not opened. This operation appear to have been remarkably successsfuL, the averagi price offered being higher than was ever knowi before. Tbe result showed that tbe credit o South Australia has not been impaired b] adverse criticism, and that Mr. F. S. Dutton your representative in England, has prove* a skOful financial agent, If the transac I WUU UUi UW |UVVB Ml DC BUVWW W* WH ? colony, there was no want of endeavor ,to make itso. A few days after the notices of \- the loan were issued, the following paragraph, l evidently intended to injure its prospects, ap t peered ia }he city article of tbe Times .—" The i various New Holland colonies are constantly . crying cut for more emigrants; but tbe doings . offthe Government in South Australia can i hardly be regarded as an encouragement to in r tending settlers. Six years ago this colony in t duced a number of capitalists to subscribe for t 250,009 acres of land in a settlement to be r created by the Government in the Northern r Territory. The formation of the settlement I prayed to be attended with difficulties, and in i the course of about two years, the Legislative , Council adoped a resolution that *in order to [ maintain the credit of South Australia, it was t desirable to refund to tile purchasers the money [ paid by them.' The House of Assembly refused f toratirytxiiB,andthepartiesintenstedreinained r without redress. Two years passed, and the [ same Ministry once more proposed that the j money should be returned without interest, but i the Legislature still refused. The sagacious r Government, its measure being rejected, re i solved to have a new survey, and to insist upon . the subscribers taking such land as might ; eventually be allotted them ! Six years after r the first bargain, it is thought that a double i portion of land—for such aquantity is promised l —will compensate the duped capitalists for the ) lock-up of their money. When people moke [ such contracts, it is on the understanding that ) they will be ratified at once, and not after the i lapse of a space which may have altered their , oreumstancet and intentions. The offer of a i double quantity of land is, as the Times re , marks, neither an exculpation nor an apology." A few days subsequently, the following i letter from Mr. Dutton, vindicating the policy iof the South Australia* Government, appeared .in the Times money article :— "37, Great George-street. Westminster, S.W., December 15,1869. , ''Sir—Your correspondent, 'A Lover of Fair 1 Play,' belies his signature in making unjust and • harsh charges against the Government of South i Australia ia complaining that ha has not yet ; been put in possession of the land purchased in the Northern Territory. He must know full well the great and unforeseen difficulties . which occurred in carrying out the surveys; :he must also know that the Government, in order to compensate tile land order holders for this unavoidable delay, pissed an Act granting to them double the quantity of bind they originally purchased, and that the Sur veyor-General of the colony has been engaged with a strong and efficient staff in completing those surveys since the early part of this year. Full printed reports of what was being done have invariably been furnished by me to every bud order bolder. I enclose a copy of the last circular issued to them, containing the very favorable report of the Surveyor-General of the progress made in the surveys in May of this year, and that he expected to complete the whole of the survey by tile Ist of October, so that we may now very shortly expect that the purchasers will obtain their land. "To enter into the whole history of the Northern Territory question would far exceed tile space you could afford to give to it; nor wonld it be of interest to the general public. The question has been a most ffi"*iU, one to deal with, and while sympathising with tbe natural disappointment the purchasers of must feel in the delay which has unavoidably taken place, I confidently submit to your sense of justice that there is nothing in the proceedings of tbe Government which has fairly rendered them deserving of the vehement attacks made upon them in your columns for a long time past* "It is also noteworthy that these supposed wrongs neber come to the surface except lust at the period when lam engaged in a financial operation for the Government, clearly showing the unfair and ungenerous a-iimus which actuates tile writers in endeavoring thereby to injure tbe financial credit of the colony, which the market value their bonds proves is held in high estimation by the investing public. This vexed question of tbe Northern Torri tory is just one ef those to which may be ap plied the principle bud down by no less an authority than The Times itself, when it said (October 13,1868), * No statesman is entitled to Indulge in generosity to the public creditor at the expense of justice to the public taxpayer.' When the Northern Territory Act was passed it was distinctly understood that the funds of the colony should never be saddled wi}h the cost of the new settlement; yet, notwithstanding this, the Parliament last Session passed an Act to raise bo loan a large sum of money on the credit of the colony to complete the surveys, and place the purchasers in possession of the land. " With regard to the allusion made to the Bank of South Australia, it is sufficient to hazard the remark that the Bank may be pre sumed to be quite able to take care of itself ; and if they consider themselves aggrieved, there is nothing to prevent them taking measures to right themselves. " I am, Sir, your obedient servant, " Francis S. Dutton, Agent-General." In inserting this letter, the city editor of the Times offers some lengthened remarks. Mr. Dutton's reply, it is declared, is not an exculpa tion, nor even an apology. Six years ago the colony induced a number of capitalists to sub scribe for 250,000 acres of landma settlement to be created by the Goveanment in the Nor thern Territory. The formation of the settle ment proved to be attended with difficulties, and in the course of about two years the Legis lative Council adopted a resolution that "in order to maintain the credit of South Australia, .it was desirable to refund to the purchasers tie money paid by them." The House of Assembly . refused to ratify this, and the parties interested remained without redress, tfbre than two : yeats further elapsed, and the same Govern ment thai had admitted their rights to have an immediate return of their cash then propose to the House that it should at least be returned i without interest. Again the Legislature re ; fused to comply, and the Government, content : still to remain in office, even though the mea sures necessary "to maintain the credit of the ■ colony" were thus thrown back npon them, ■ resolved that, instead of refunding the money, • they would have a new survey, and insist npon • the subscribers taking such land as might i ultimately be alloted to them. Thus the ■ matter stands, and tbe agent of the colony, in i the following communication appears ts think that he has satisfactorily disposed of it by F notifying that six years after dote there is a i prosaect of their being fomiahed with i a double amount of laud, in considera ) tion of the Government having four i years *go failed to fulfil its acknow ; ledged duty of f""T h""'"e the credit of the \- colony. People who subscribe for lands do so :in expectation of prompt action to meet the . circumstances of the times, and not of having :it foisted upan them six years afterwards when ■ all those circumstances may have changed and I inconvenience may have been experienced from ' the lock-up of their means. The writer adds, ■as if it were a grievance, that those who call the : attention of the public to th& conduct of the ■ colonial Government always choose a period > when the colony is a borrower on the London I market; but if he will consult any City firm i he will be told that that b precisely the time i when the statement b pertinent and likely ■to be of use. finally, he intimates r that the course taken by the Government ; of the colony against the Bank of South Aus ? tralia ban affair between that Bank and the ) Government, and not for public comment. In \- ehis he b entirely mistaken; His in its public l aspect that tbe importance ef the matter lies. I The Government of South Australia, represent i ing a democratio community, resorted to most \- questionable and indirect means to trace the • authorship of a fair and legitimate criticbm i upon their proceedings in a Londen paper, and, i being foiled in their atnempt, resorted to means s of inflicting individual annoyance such as could \- not, without disgrace or damage, have been put , in force by any Government in Europe. South 3 Australia b a rbragand important community, i and it would be most unjust to its position to i treat it as if its course in a case of this sort 3 could have no interest for the world at large. a On the whole a change for the better has a taken place in Ireland—bo «t«ii™ to the 1 Orangemen who insisted on having their de f monstration at Dairy on the anniversary of the t .opening of the gates, nor to the Duke of Aber \- coon, who has been putting them on the back, and making a most violent party speech at a Belfast against the Government, chirgui them \- with the responsibility of all the recent out- I sages. It cannot be doubted that the Irish i ate alwoys the better for a film Government, as t recent events testify. The general sense of t insecurity, the election of the Fenian con r vict O'Oonovan, and possibly Becret infor ) mation induced the Cabinet early in i the month to send considerable reiu • forcements to Irelaad. Lord Strathnairu ) the Oommander-in-Ohief there, has formed i them into flying columns, which scour tbe dis f affected districts, and make their presence felt 9 Posts have been strengthened; police-stations i made bullet-proof. Cork, the most Fenian- E ridden city, has got an additional supply of \- soldiers, and the principals officers of these ? forces have been sworn in as Magistrates to c enable them to act promptly. The effect of \- these preparations has been very wholesome, f The Fenians arc-completely cowed; their vile f organs, fearful «f a prosecution, cease to preach a sedition; the loyal are encouraged, and confi r deDee is greatly restored. It b felt and seen that the Government ace masters of the situation, r and that resistance in any but strictly legal 1 forms b hopeless. Even agrarian outrages have ;- decreased, though there b proof enough of the \- savage barbarism that still obtains in Ireland. \- For example, the house of Mr. O'Connor, in 9 King's County, who b a Soman Catholic, -and t neither a landlord nor an agent, wai attacked S by four meu to obtain guns. The ruffians S dragged the unfortunate gentleman outside, and 3 cut off lib nose. Two of the ruffians have, r happily been captured. Another case, though . not so tragb, illustrates in a more striking \- manner the barbarity of the lower class of s {ashmen. It was in connection with tile death c and burial of a baker named Carroll, who lived i at KflmoUock, jn behind. Gn tile sth of f March, 1867, Carroll waa oezed by the Fenian f leader Dunne, who commanded the attack on , thepolicebarrack,and«ireatenedbim-witiideath 1 if he did not askfoaitt surrender; while on tie , otiier hand the police, when be went to the retire from ite prccint*. For two hours poor Carroll was e> target foi the police and the rebels. At the Special Commission held after wards, he deposed to these facts: —And ever since became an object of detestation to the inhabitants of Kiltnallock and the adjoining country. No one would deal with him, he was called a traitor and a spy, and the result of this persecution so preyed on his mind as to throw him into a state of ill health, which terminated in his death last week. This hatred followed the unfortunate man to the grave. Bis coffin had to be guarded by c body of the Irish Constabulary with loaded rifles, from his residence to the graveyard, against a rabble hooting, shout ing, and using the most horrible imprecations and expressions of contempt for the remains of the deceased. His friends and relative* were afraid to attend the funeral; his wife and brother, with the clergy and police, formed the procession at the buriaL Mo one would even dig the grava, and the task had to be performed by Carroll's brother, who, with the assistance of one or two of the constabulary, had also to throw In the earth over the coffin after the burial service had been read. Ii is not only the Fenians and their sympathisers who are strong to make Ireland ungovernable. It is hardly a fortnightsincetheDnke of Abercorn, " Disraeli's Duke," denounced Mr. Gladstone's policy as having sown " those seeds of discord and those dragons' teeth which have sprung up in the guise of constant agrarian mmrders and openly disloyal parades, to the danger of all property, and and to increated assertion of aggressive bigotry." His Grace had not a word to utter in denunciation of Fenianism, no rebuke to ex press against " die aggressive bigotry" of Orangeism which was preparing to violate the law, nor an objection to make against a system of land tenure the most unlust in the civilised world. But all his influence as an influential nobleman and landed proprietor is thrown into the scale against the Government, and is used to foment at this juncture religious animosity and bitter discontent. Of course the Duke's friends and sympathisers took the cue. At a Dublin Orange meeting a Captain Madden told his applauding friends that it was the duty of Orangemen to oppose the Government in every way, and if he had had a vote for Tipperary he should have pinniped for O'Donovan Bossa. A collision, he thought was imminent, but the Orangemen had nothing to fear from the Fenians, and must do nothing against them. Mr. Johnstone, M.P., asserted that it was no duty of the Orange party to take part against the Fenians. " Let the Government fight its own battles. In the meantime, the Orangemen would hold their political pro cessions in spite both of the law and the Go vernment." A Dublin and a Monaghan lodge voted their cordial thanks "to the gallant gentlemen and Conservative electors of Tip perary, in standing aloof on the occasion of the recent election, and allowing the Fenians and other opponents of the Government to scout Hie Government candidate, and assert their right to return the mof their choice." Such is the spirit of faction in Ireland, where the fanatical Orangeman is a no less troublesome foe to the Government than the Fenian. It remains to be seen whether this lawless spirit can be laid by just and remedial legisla tion, and whether will faction will any more avail to prevent the passing of an equitable land measure than it sufficed to overthrow the Irish Church Disestablishmet Bill. Parliament will meet on the Bth of February, and the Cabinet have been busy daring the past month in moulding their policy for the seasion. Their meetings have been frequent, and, it is an nounced, with some show of authority, that the forthcoming Irish Land BUI of the Government mil, with needful limitations and safeguards, give the sanction of law to the Ulster Custom, which is little more than a chum allowed by good landlords, and ignored by bad, anc extend it overall Ireland. Mr. Gladstone adheres to his original plan, and subsequent consultation with his colleagues appears to have confirmed his views. By making local usage the foundation of his measure, the question is narrowed to insular proportions, and by omitting to lay down any general principle, the land question in respect to Rngland, which can well stand over for future consideration, will not be raised. That a Bill thus framed will be a substantial boon to the Irish occu pier is manifest from the remarks of the Special Commissioner of the Times on the subject of tile Ulster Custom. Its efficacy, however, will greatly depend upon the machinery devised to give it practical opera tion. Bnt the Bill is evidently being framed to pass, and to provide the quickest, if not the most comprehensive, remedy for the grievances under which the cultivators of the soil labor. It will not be easy for the Irish Tory landlords, many of whom have adopted the Ulster Custom, to offer to ench a measure a strenuons opposition. - The long delayed trial of the Directors of Overend, Gurney, & Co. (Limited), is at length over. It commenced on Monday, December and closed on Wednesday, the 22nd, %efore the Lord Chief Justice at GuildhalL The de fendants, Mr. J. H. Gurney formerly M.P. for King' 6 Lynn, Mr. H. E, Gurney, Mr. K. Bir beck' Mr. EL F. Barclay, Mr. U. G. Gordon, and Mr. W. Eennie', were indicted for having on the 12th July, 1865, published a false pro spectu with intent to defraud tee. shareholders. Dr. Kenealy was the principal barrister con cerned in the prosecution, and he seriously in jured his case by violent and unsupported ac cusations. The Solicitor-General (Sir J. D. Coleridge) eloquently defended the Messrs. Gurney and Mr. Birkbeck, and Mr. Melluh, t£r J. Karslate, and Mr. Gifford appeared respectively for Mr Barclay, Mr. Gordon, and Mr. fiennie. It need hardly be said that the weight of oratory was on the side of the defendants' counsel, and that the prosecution was seriously injured by in cluding in the indictment the Directors who were put on after the issue of the prospectus. Chief Justice Cockbdrn summed up strongly against the prosecution, and the Jury took only ten minutes to find the verdict of " Not guilty," which was received with peak of cheers in a crowded Court, again and again repeated; though when the defendants were committed for trial by the Lord Mayor there were also loud cheers on the part of the auditors. Pro bably both the Judges' charge and the verdict of the Jury wiUJoccaaiO? so little surprise in Australia, where the downfall of this great con cern spread ruin far and -wide. But it seems to have given unqualified satisfaction in the City, partly owing to the lax maxims of com mercial morality that obtain, and partly to sympathy with the Directora who have lost their all, and have had this prosecution so long hanging over their heads. Many of your readers will no doubt endorse the following remarks of a weekly paper on the subject:—Here was an old firm whose transactions were upon a fabu lous scale, tempted by greed of this world's gain to leave the legitimate line of its business, which, on the average, was safe and profitable, for other lines not so safe, but thought to promise a more rapid and larger returns. The natural consequence overtakes the firm too hasty to be rich, and a' prospect of bankruptcy ensues. Then each one acts upon the maxim, Sauxe qiii peut. There is a speculative madness in the air. It is an epidemic which favors the trans ference of glittering bnt unsound concerns to other Imiiiiii. But it can be dane only by a con cealment oF a part of the truth, and of that part, moreover, which it most interests eager pur purchasers to be made cognisant of. All else is fair and above board, probably with the earnest wish of tiie old firm, and the Directors of the new Company, that everything without ex ception could be fair and above board. The crack in the vase is concealed, simply because there may be those to whom the vase is to be transferred who, if they did but know that it had a crack in it, would inok upon it instantly as of no value. It is hoped, of course, that the crack will not extend—that the vase will seem as sound as ever, and that to aU practical purposes, and especially for those who are not in the secret of the crack, it will be as sound and serviceable as ever. Then comes unexpected pressure; then conies a sudden fracture; then comes exclamations of astonish ment ; then come the bitter reflections that ac company loss of character. And yet how many there are who still maintain that the over sanguine speculators were innocent of wrong, and were overtaken by misfortune, as men may occasionally be overtaken in a lawful journey by a desolating storm. The great (Ecumenical Council was opened under the dome of St Peter's, Borne, on tne morning of the Bth iust., the route of the pro cession, notwithstanding the wet weather, be ing occupied by daybreak by an immense con course, estimated at about 20,000, comprising every variety of the human race within reach of Borne. At 9 o'clock, amid the ringing of the bells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in the city and salvoes of artillery from the castle .of San Angelo and Mount Aventino, the procession, formed iv the upper atrium of the Vatican, descended the Scala Regia, and passed through the lower atrium into the cathedral Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and the procession consisted of six Archbishop Princes, forty-nine car dinals, eleven patriarchs, 680 archbishops and bishops, twenty-eight abbots, and twenty-nine generals of religious orders, lv all about 800 eccleOastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the Cathedral in the gestatorial chair. His Holiness first knelt some lime before the Sacrament, and the assembly then took their places in the Council Hall in seven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the Archbishop of Iconiura pronounced the inaur garal discourse. The Pope, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave bis benediction, and received the homage of the members of the Council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council, a hymn to the Holy Ghost beieg sung by the choristers. Persons not members of the assembly then quitted the halL The prelates approved the decree opening the Council, and the Te Deum followed; the ceremony terminating at ha'f past 2 in tlufftfemoon. The tribunes of the Council Hall were occu pied by the Sovereigns and Princes present in Borne, the members of the Diplomatic Body, Generals Dumont and Kanzler, and the Roman sod foreign nobility. The scene was not so correspondent of the Timesaayt :—ln brilliancy, and in all that constitutes a fete or a show, it was far short of the Canonization of tbe Japanese Martyrs. Of course it was. On this occasion the object of interest was in a. Council j Hall, out of the principal line of vision, and only half revealed to tbe most fortunate of the spectators, those under the dome. Tbe Council was an object of supreme in terest, hut far from showy; for what is then in 700 old men, dressed in white and wearing tall paper caps. As these were laid aside on entering the church, au-l a* nil the Bishops stopped at the Chapel of the Sacrament, through which the Pope made bis way to the Council hall there was hardly any procession, and what there was of it could not be seen. There was no procession at the end; only two streams of departures, indicated by a succession of tall mitres, made with two sheets of cardboard. Certainly this is a sight we do not s*e every day, but when there is a procession for everything, why not for a Geneasl Council? The day was most unfavorable for seeing this spectacle in the Hall, being what they call here a fasting day —that is, a dull one. But what was seen was significant, and therefore impressive. Seven hundred bishops, more or less, representing all Christendom, were seen gathered round one alter, an! one throne, partaking of tbe same Divine mystery, and rendering homage, by turns to the same spiritual authority end power. As they put on their mitres, or took them off, and as they came to the steps of the altar, or the foot of the common Spiritual Father, it was impossible not to feel the unity and the power of the Church which they represented. The sight was im pressive to those prepared to be impressed, though it most have disappointed those who came to see a show, and would hardlj have satisfied the crowds who flocked into Borne to sec the triumph of their Sovereign. What reached the ear could not but be imperfect. There were long and tedious intervals of silence. The sermon was injudiciously long, they say ; and, of course, sound, and nothing else, to the outer world. The Pope delivered bis allocution with much emphesis and gesture, bat was in terrupted by a cough, and probably did not say all he had on paper. "Be saul nothing political," so I am told, though 1 don't sea how he could avoid it. As to the singing, it was necessarily under difficulties. There could be no rehearsal or concord. The verses of the Veni Creator were sung at long intervals; but very impressive. The choir was there in one place, and the responses, with the chief volume of sound, in another. Where I stood I could not make oat whence either came. The Pope was to chant the litany, and the people about me said he was chanting ft; but the voice rung so loud, so clear, and so musical, that I could not believe it to come from so old a man. The truth is he chanted three petitions made for the occasion, not the rest; but I suppose he put the spirit into tbe rest, for nothing could be more animated. The Te Detail, chanted by the choir and the Bishops alternately, the congregation joining, was msg niocent. Strange as it may seem to English Protestant ears, the service was incessantly going on at all the altars in the church; con gregations were assembled at them, bells were ringing, and responses chanted, and every now and then there was a procession, with bell and candle, from one part of the church to another. In the very midst of the sight seers, occupying everywhere the most com manding positions, from the slightest to the moat dangerous elevations, priests were cele brating mass as if they were alone in the vast solitudes of the old basilicas here. Imust add that every ten minutes the word of command was given in no gentle voice to some body of tbe soldiers, to clear an avenue, posh back a crowd, or make some new combination. This they had sometimes to do in the face of strong remonstrances. Lower dowa the nave I hear the thieves were plying their trade, with can certed attempts at disorder. On the following day, the 9th, the Council again assembled, when the Pope read a short homily, in which be said it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the ap pointed day, and to see the Bishops assembled at Rome in greater numbers than ever. They bad come to teach all men the voice of God, and to judge with the Pope, under the auspices of the Holy Spirit, on the errors of human science. Never was it more necessary than in the present day. since conspiracy and impiety were wide-spread and strongly organized, and hide themselves under the mask of aspirations for liberty. There was no cause for alarm. The Church was stronger than Heaven itself, and now was the time to consider what remedies efficacious against the present evils. The Bishops should strive with him to secure peace fulness in the monasteries, order in the Church, and discipline among tile clergy. In conclu sion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and -the Holy angels. Since then the Council has held three secret sittings about which there has been an infinitude of gossip, but nothing authentic will be disclosed till tbe Feast of the Epiphany (Januar 6), when will be voted and promulgated the decrees drawn up at the private sittings. Day by day, however, our fdaflr papers contain letters from their Koman correspondents, filled with rumors and scraps of information, a few points of which I will endeavor to condense into a paragraph. The fire Cardinal Legates named in the Bull are Cardinals de Beisach, de Luca, Bizzori, Bilio, and Capalti—the first named, as well as two Episcopal membere of the Council, having since died. The Bull appoints also four Con gregations or Commissions, to be composed of a fixed number of the Fathers of the Council. The first Commission will take charge of questions of dogma; the second of those of discipline ; the third of the subject of the regular and religious orders; and the fourth of Oriental rites. The rules of tbe CouncE vir tually prohibit free discussion. No one may question the regulation laid down, which are framed so as to give the right of the initiative to Pius IX. and bis Jesuit advisers; no one can introduce a subject for consideration without the Pope's authent. There are also between 200 and 300 bishops in parti bus—that is, prelate who have no Sees, who enjoy the foil priveleges of the Fathers, reside at Borne, and are absolutely dependent on the Prefect of the Propaganda. They are in fact thesquad, or voeing-machines of the Vatican. The first of the Commissioners referred to, com prise for the most part obscure prelate, ex cept Arch Manning (who seems to be regarded as the probable successor of Pius 1X.,) and excludes all the well known opponents of Papal absolution, such as Cardinal Schwartzembnrg, the Archbishop of Paris, the Bishop of Orleans, and two Irish Bishops. It is stated th.t on the election of the Committee on matters of Faith most of the successful candidates had 500 votes, and only one as low ad 390. The highest number of votes was given to the Bishop of Saragossa, an out-and-out Ultramon tane. At the meeting of the "general congre gation" on Tuesday last the members of the Commission to examine the questions connected with religions orders were appointed. Tbe dis cussion of drafts of canon law relative to mat ters of faith afterwards commenced. l.hese proposed measures, the telegram says, contain no mention of the question of the Pope's personal infallibility ; but they utter a formal condemnation of unorthodox doctrine, and of independent philosophy and morals. The Infallibility question is kept in the back ground for the present, though it could easily be carried if formally submitted. But there is minority of at least 120, comprising the most distinguished prelates, opposed to it, and the French Government is understood to have warned the' Vatican oj its adoption. Meanwhile a graat deal of intriguing and lobbying is said to be going on. Parties are formed who meet at' their aeveial rendezvous, and Bishop Du panloup is recognised as the boldest and ablest leader of the opposition. The fathers of the Council have also nominated a Committee outside the Council, to hear and discuss the opinions of Monsigneurs Dupanloup and Maret, while another Committee weighs the opinions of Dr. Manning and Afonsigneur Descbamps, in order to see whether, on consultation, some agreement may not be established between the advocates and the oppo' nents of the dogma of infallibility. The Vatican and its advisers have shown their absolutist tendencies, not only in the rules for regulaning the Council, but by the publication of a number of Balls. One of these provides that in case the Pontificial chair might become vacant during tbe sitting of the (Ecumenical Cauncil, the Council shonld only reassemble at the pleasure of the new Pontiff. Another Bull has fallen like a bomb upon the Council, more especially as it was simultaneously published in txUnso by the Jesuit organ at Tarin, and was placed in the hands of tbe Fathers as a complete, valid, and irrevocable instrument The only apparent feature of novelty about the document is thai the Pope carefully and kindly distinguishes between the cases in which he can revoke a sentence of excommunication, and those in which even be, great as be is, can not pretend to the power, and would not venture to chum it Generally speaking, all the acts moat prominent in Italian legislation such as the dissolution of monasteries, the mar riage of priests and nuns—indeed, whatever being oDce done cannot be easily be undone—are classed in the former terrible category. One clause in the Bull seems specially suggested by some recent occurrences. Absolution given by a bishop in supposed arriculo mortis is to hold good in Heaven if the patient dies, but not if he recovers. In that case a healthy confession and restitution is to be made before excommunica tion can be removed. Another clause in this Bull, an old one, cites and leaves unmitigated an ex-communication on everybody who affects to appeal from the Pope to a Council. Pius IX, says the Time*, Bulls or 'Constitutions' of bis predecessors daring the lapse of many centuries, and has compiled his long list of censures upon those obsolete edicts, without the leist allowance for the stubborn facts with which our modern progress confronts him. All bis old, rusty Vatican artillery is rolled out of the arsenal in which it had long lain forforgotten. It is drawn up, loaded, and primed with & faith of Don Quixote, when, after having shivered his helmet of proof by a single blow «f be falchion, trusting it would stany and other test, bat, at all events, determined sot to exempt Provi dence by himieif renewing the experiment. The Pope hat ao diligently enumerated the case* in which the direct censures of the Church are called forth, that there is by this time not one Sovereign or subject throughout the Roman Catholic world—always excepting the Pontifical domi nions—who is not excommunicated over bead and ear*. Hie Pope alone, for instance, can remore the curse which is laid on any one who shall interfere with ecclesiastical jurisdiction, aad summon or bring a priest before a lay tri bunal ; yet neither in Fiance nor in Belgium, nor, lately, in Italy, Austria, or Spain, is there any longer the slightest vestige left of ecclesias tical Courts, nor can the benefit of clergy any longer be pleaded before the civil law." In bis list letter from Borne the special cor respondent of the Times says, in reference to this Boll:—" I bare told you what the faith ful say of it; how they feel relieved, what a load is off their conscience, or, at least, re duced to a portable compass; but there are deep and strong utterances of another sort 'Why thii is the Middle Ages bad: again. The reigns of Boniface VIII.. from which we thought Gregory XIV. had delivered us. Even Catholics say, "We hal forgotten all this, er only knew it as history." It is complained that the lowea and uneducated sort, who hud sever heard of this old excom munication, will receive all this as new matter. and conclude in a friendly or unfriendly spirit, that the Pope is breaking with the world, aad that a day of extremes is coming. The Pope himself, and even Antonelli, are said to describe the Bull a« ■imply a concession to every complaint ty tenderminded people; bnt it would have been at least an equal proof of kindness if various other parties concerned could have consulted or warned, or even honored with an early intimation. The Fathers of the Coun cil knew nothing' of it till it was put into their hands. The theologians attendant on the Council were never told of it None of the Diplomatic Body in Borne heard of it till they aaw ft in the Turin papers. It came like an explosion on the French and Austrian Am bassadors. They have not even had copies serf to them" There are copies enough on the church walls, but they are wet with the driving showers, and even that affixed to St. Peter's has been wil fully defaced and torn. It is evident very great care has been taken that it should be an absolute secret till the very hour of itspublication over all Europe. I must teH you that, while allthe docu ments of the Council axe kept as dark as possible there at Borne, they are sent as fast as the; are printed for publication to the Pope's organs «t Turin and in our own country. The ArchbUhcp of Vienna, they say, is in extreme di?gUBt at the sudden appearance of the Bull, and tbe consequent aggravation of bis own difficulties with his people at home. He was most con servative, they say, but not bo now. {We shall give the remainder of our London Correspondent's letter in next isgue.] 