PROMINENT TOPICS. TICTOSIAK riNKNCB roB 1870. ITBKEE millions end a half of pounds sterling are the flourishing figures of the Treasurer, to be derived from the public revenue of the, year of jj^ace, 1870. Thcee millions and ihree-quarterB bf a million of pounds sterling constitute the proposed expenditure of the current twelve months, ending 31st Def£mber^l8?0. Tie difference between the estimated'revenue and the estimated expenditure for 1870 is only a quarter of a million, and as the Treasurer commenced the year with £170,000 surplus, we may look forward hopefully that this year will be at least no worse than any of its predecessors in supporting..thp_credit and developing the resources of nthe country. We appear to have the" esti- ! Slated revenue of £3,500,000 under nine heads, the Customs promising a million four hundred thousand pounds, two pounds a head for our population ; the land close upon a million; reproductive public works, £721,000; the postal service, £13 5,000; and the balance from sundry sources, such as excise, £59,500 ; ports and harbours, £19,000; and fees and miscellaneous, £87,000. The distribution and expenditure appears under eleven various political heads of departments, and in addition, what are known as " Special appropriations." Special appropriations mean those items of expenditure which the wisdom of Parliament has embodied in the Constitution and other Acts of Parliament, such as the Queen's list, including the Governor, £10,000; the judiciary, £12,000; Her Majesty's ministers, £14,000 ; expenses of the Executive and Legislative Councils, £6,500; and State aid to public worship, £47,000 per annum. Special appropriations also include therailway aad water supply, loan and liquidation accounts, the endowments and other allowances to road districts and shire councils, this year very limited indeed, only £190,000 (and decreased to give centralising power to the Minister for Boads); and also items of expenditure for immigration, mining boards, electoral expenses, &c.;, making the total of special appropriations £1,348,000. This large sum, having been already appropriated by Acts of Parliament, will not be subjected to the votes of honourable members this session. The salaries and wages mainly under the provisions of the Civil Service Act, amount to £664,000 added to the special : appropriations, make two millions of our annual expenditure authorised without the items being voted for this year. The remaining million and three-quarters are distributed through the several departments, principally the Treasurer's, including £125,000 for our public charities; tie Commissioner of Public Works, £350,000, including £20,000 for fronting the Parliament Houses and the Custom- house ; and the Commissioner of Railways and Roads, £340,000.' The Commissioner of Trade and Customs proposes to take provision for 4,000 warrant immigrants at £11 each, and 1,200 selected immigrants at £13 each; and incidental thereto, a staff for Mr. Verdon, the Colonial Agent-General, of six clerks, in all £863 per annum; and a despatching officer at £500 a year. This last appears to be the only new " feature" in the budget for 1870; all the remaining items might have been extracted from aay of the five years' previous estimates of, revenue and expenditure. The amount proposed to be expended through the commissioners on public educationis £177,000, a pretty fair sum. The statement of the Treasurer lias been received in some quarters as a passably fair one, in others as presenting too favourable an aspect altogether, and the upholders of the loyal liberal regime treat it as being very bad indeed. We think it is .highly gratifying to find that we have each splendid available talent for onr great offices of public trust. A few short months since and none but Mr. M'Culloch could tread through the mazy intricacies of our finance. Even Mr. Francis and his widow cap-fronts measurements, and other curiosities of Customs duties, was deemed unapproachable in his ownjteculiar Oustomi fancies. But now we have Mr. Graham Berry outrivaling^ M'Culloch in the solid strength of •big;burly figures of millions^ and eclipsing Francis in the minutte'of his abstruse calculations. On the score of brevity it-is not to be surprised at that the novel industry in which the Treasurer engaged should be worked out in three hours and .a half. Better one. < ,Berry than M'Culloch revised and corrected by Francis. When Mr. Berry, fresh fromhis newspaper. office, accomplishes his task eo well, and follows so closely in the] favoured groove of HIB predecessors" statei he is toj» complimented. Had he in- 1\. in. pofn'e of {how flights'. of fancies he formerly aired about the 'Victorian Banks being buiknipt, or bad he propounded seriously any jof Jus protectionist Mikies, his statement would be 6r otherwise reoeived thanithas. %uufMS. If the prcpawfions which umaun being made in this co- OMWUMOM. lony . in &EW; 6031th Waks, •bdwNew2feilaad,fifftlie cclebratim of St Patrick's D4f,4fi|Thttn- day next, are successfully carried out on the grand scale designed, the demonstrations will far surpass any that have heretofore taken place at this side of the world. On the subject, the Irish element in Australia seems thoroughly in qaraest, and there can be no doubt but that they will realize their purpose with great spirit and self respect. In this colony the celebrations of most importance will be those in Melbourne and Ballarat; but at Sandhurst, Wood's Point, Kilmore, Belfast, Warrnambool, Kyneton, and other places, the celebrations will also be imposing. In each instance the celebration of the day will commence with an observance of its sacred character. The act of worship will be followed by open-air precessions and fetes, and in most cases a supper or ball will conclude the festivities of tne day. Here, in Melbourne, the Rev. G. V. Barry will preach the panegyric of the Apostle of Ireland at St. Patrick's, and' from this the members of the Irish- Australian Catholic Benefit Society will proceed to the General Post-office, Bourke street, where the members of the St. Patrick's Society will meet them, and both bodies Will thence proceed in procession to the Friendly Societies' ground. Each contingent will be preceded by a brass band, and the members of the several societies will wear their handsome regalias of green and gold. On the ground all kinds of amusements will be provided, and there will be ample opportunities for obtaining refreshments of the best quality, at moderate prices. In the evening there will be a ball and supper at St. Patrick's HalL, to which, as usual, the leading Irishmen of all political opinions and creeds have been invited. THE THE Argus is happy in its FICTION WRITERS selection of intercolonial ON correspondents. These gen- THB "ABGDS." tlemen have a rare tact for manufacturing sensational stories, and in the pursuance of their vocation they allow no trifles to obstruct them. Facts which, to ordinaiy people, are hard things to get over, occasion not the slightest inconvenience to them, however unfavourable to their purpose they may be. They get over them as if they were unrealities, and they forget all about them, as it suits their purpose. They are really extraordinary fellows. They manufacture without materials, and write by the yard—oftentimes without anything to write about. In producing sensational literature they are very strong; so strong that one might suspect they had served their time on the Evening Star, which the Melbourne Evening Herald has worthily succeeded. The qualifications of the correspondent in Sydney are considered so high, it is popularly believed that, moved by a fellow-feeling, Mr. Parkes has taken him into his confidence, and that the advantage of this to the gentleman of the Argus is so great, that he can now himself aise a ghost, if it should it be desirable, in connection with his duties. The palm is to be awarded to him at present; but in Adeaide there is a competitor for his blushing honours. The South Australian correspondent s envious of the Sydney man, and nas enered upon the same course which led him to fame. In describing the demonstration made y the unemployed in Adelaide, he took his irst step on the honoured path, and a bold ne it was. He has taken up Feniaaism for he display of his fertility and conscientiousess, and he will hang to it till it elevates im to the standard of his ambition—Parkes, f Kiama. He says of the demonstration of he unemployed— Some people profess to see less excusable inluences than want of work behind Tuesday's emonstration. The predominance of the Irish lement in it has suggested Feminism. ravo! this is an admirable beginning. The an who dared so much as this at the start an never be at a loss for something to say on his and similar subjects. His resources, being n his fancy, are inexhaustible. In future we hall not miss looking pver his letters, though, o [make time, fit should be necessary to ay aside any other composition of a similar character, such as the Arabian Night* Tales, r the Citizen of the World. SOME of the dependencies THE of Great Britain are dis- PAN-AMERICAN posed to relieve her from MOVEMENT. the trouble of cutting the painter—they propose to do it themselves. More especially this is remarkable respecting those binder the shadow of'the Spread-Eagle's wings. In every one of the British jjoeessions in America there is a strong and rapidly enlarging party in favour of annexation with the United Stat£«, ind the communication of that wish is in all cases received with courtesy land pleasure, though with caution, by the Cabinet at Washington.. .It is well known to be the wish of the American people, and the policy of their Gbvennpjjiept, whoever may be at the head of it, to have every of gronnd on, Hie eo^tinpit jm<i?E immcan dmninion; and :it f^pHng ttiat any prtfppsal lotting to ihat consummation is Tiny favofaraldy :»mved It theWhite House. The peopteofSfew Bruns- wick, Nova Scotia, and of the Red River, have already pronounced veiy decidedly in favour of annexation. It is luiownthat in Canada there is a largeparty in favour of that step, and we now learn that the people of British Columbia have Tesolved on that course. As we leara by the later American news, received via Sydney, they have memorialsed the President in favour of the transfer of . their territory to the Union. Thereport on the subject isin the sollowing form:— Washington, Dece'mber 30th.—Vincent Collyer yesterday handed to' the President a memorial, signed by a number of property-holders and business men in Victoria, & be followed by another which will contain the names of all British merchants and others at Victoria, Nahaimo, and other places, in favour of the transfer of British Columbia to the United States. The President to-day returned Collyer a verbal reply that he had received it with great interest, and sent it to the Secretary of State. Collyer also showed a memorial to Senator Sumner, Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations, who after reading it, said the movement was important, and could have but one termination. Meanwhile theGovernment waits the movement of England, which is fast seeing the usefulness and impracticability of European empire on this hemisphere. Both the President and Senator Sumner desired desired their replies, to be made known to the memorialists. As so many of her dependencies have declared for annexation with the United States, it might be well for Great Britain not to cast off those which are in no hurry to separate from her. She was certainly a Great Power before her arms were stretched so widely as they now are over the globe, but it is questionable that if reduced to her primitive dimensions she would cut a respectable or imposing figure among the nations of the earth. But what is to be, will be. THE POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS, If the Chief Secretary would do a wise thing, at the most favourable opportunity, he will abolish the postage on newspapers. With a respectable balance to the credit of the Treasurer from last year, with a flourishing revenue, and ample means for meeting all demands in 1869, there can be no reason why he should not relieve the public from this most obnoxious tax. A colony which has established universal suffrage, and has done so much in many ways to fit the electors for an intelligent exercise of the duties of citizenship, should no longer maintain this odious tax upon knowledge. It is altogether inconsistent with Victoria's liberality in promoting the education of its population, to continue this postal charge. In this matter she is behind the other colonies, though in everything else before them, and there is no good reason whatever why she should any longer occupy this humiliating position. The estimated receipts from postage for 1869 was £120,OQ0, and the receipts were £126,900, thus leaving a balance of £6,900. This is an unusual and highly satisfactory state of things for the postal department. It seems to us to leave the Treasurer no excuse for not relinquishing the revenue derived from the postage on newspapers, and the Chief Secretary no excuse for any longer maintaining it. The latter gentleman has done well by reducing the telegraphic charges, and he will do better by abolishing the postage on newspapers. We hope that if the Government will not voluntarily concede so much, some private member will move in the matter. A correspondent whose THE MABCHIOKESS or letter appears in an- QUEENSBERRX. other column, suggests that the presentation of a piece of colonial jewellery should be made to the Marchioness of Queensberry, in gratefiil acknowledgment of the warm and affectionate interest she has manifested in the Irish nation and the Irish people. If such a purpose were carried out with discretion, it would certainly be a very delicate compliment to this amiable and charitable lady, but she; might possibly decline to accept a gift of any value, though she may be willing to receiye a grateful address fromthe Irish in Australia, and would appreciate it very highly. But whatever difference of opinion there may be as to the propriety or wisdom of moving in this matter in one formor another, the Irish m Australia are of one mind-in :the deep sense of gratitude and affection they entertain fori the Dowager Marchioness of Queensberry, who is more exalted by her virtues than by hex; rank. Our ron%spondeht, by making an offer of £5 towards the xpmplimentiuy present*-; tion he has proposed, illustrates" in a! pleating manner die gratitude 'of the Irish neart, and the sympathy which binds together all of the lac^fcomv^iir^yflepmtecr; and there ar^ia^tlmM^ jrofllq^iii'Austea-, ^^^^^fei^^'mi^esubj ect Bawp^ .^eneadfly pjaeeour, «orreH»ondent'« snegestioa beforeoar jraadan, and shall be only toci h*PPy to And Auk there are way many willing toaidia the jtngject. 