IX.—RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. Since our last Summary was published several of the leading religious bodies have held their annual and other aggre- <*> gate meetings, and the papers have been to a very great extent occupied with re ports of the proceedings. We can only make a selection from the voluminous reports that have appeared during the month:— DIOCESAN SYNOD. Tuesday, Mat 17. The annual session of Synod was opened on Tuesday. At half-past 11 o'clock a number of clergy, men and laymen met at Trinity Church where the Holy Communion was administered by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, assisted by the Veiy Key. Dean Eussell, the Yen. Arch deacon Marryat, the Revs. Canons Coombs and Dove ; and the Rev. E. Reid. His Excellency the Governor, attended by the Private Secre tary (Mr. O'Halloran), was present After this service the Bishop delivered his Pastoral Address, 1870. " Rev. and deal Brethren—ln all history, civil or religious, there occur epochs—times, when a changs becomes apparent in the thoughts and spirit of the age. Old forms pass away. The grace ofjtheir fashion has perished. They give place to others more suited to new ideas and aspirations. Society takes a fresh departure on the voyage of the future. " The eternal verities, however, of religion < and morals remain unchanged because nn- | changeable; nor are the outlines of the Church of God, after the lapse of ages, or of the inner life of that Church, less dis tinct to the Christian's eye than when first traced by tbe finger of the Spirit on the page of revelation. Critics, indeed, and expositors may dispute about the jots and tittles of the manu script ; but spiritual and enlightened reason will take its stand on ' the faith once delivered to the saints;' 'the form of sound words' in which it was delivered; and the apostolic in stitutions borne witness to from the beginning, in all times and places by the universal Church! The overthrow of Paganism and the civil es tablishment of Christianity under Constantino ; the completion by Gregory the Great of the Church system of Rome and the ascendancy of its Bishop ; the Papal theocracy inaugurated by Hildebrand, the 7th Gregory ; the freedom of Churches and their reformation achieved by Luther, all form distinct epochs in ecclesias tical history, and at the present day we witness one of no less importance, viz., the epoch of * religious liberty and equality' for all com munions, and for every individual. "It concerns us indeed, much whether clergymen or laymen, to mark well the * times and seasons' in which our life is cast, lest we I waste oar efforts in the endeavor to re | store a past which cannot be recalled, or mould the present after the fashion of bygone ages. A Pope may assume per sonal infallibility, and the autocratic episco pate of the world. He may oppose a syllabus to the advancing tide of modern thought, but the waves will still flow onward. A wiser monarch of old exposed the folly of his courtiers by receding in time, lest he should be over whelmed. "Our reformed branch, then, of the Catholic Church should not "be blind to the present epoch. The Church policy of Queen Elizabeth has come to an end. The disestablishment ac cordingly of the Irish Church has set at rest many questions which daring the last twenty years have perplexed the colonial Churches. Now at least they are clearly seen to be unesta bliskcd—unconnected 'with the State, except so far as they are fctill under the supremacy of law with regard to their property and the personal rights of their members. " The legality also of our Synodal compact was formerly questioned. Now that the Irish Church ia.basing its organization on such an agreement, it will be conceded that a voluntary association, such as the Church of this diocese, can only maintain its internal discipline on the basis of a compact resting; nei'heron Royal pre rogative nor on Imperial legislation. " Anticipating as we did in 1555 this conclu sion, this diocese had for fifteen years carried on its independent action, having first bound itself by-a constituent declaration to the closest fellowship id doctrine, discipline, liturgy, ritos and ceremonies, with the Church of England. Though no part of its establishment, we are, I trust, and shall continue to be, essentially a branch of the s?reat Anglican Communion. "A necessary consequence of our legal posi tion, as a Voluntary Independent Diocesan Church, is the necessity of adopting, by our own free consent, ecclesiastical regulations, which in the Mother Church are imposed by law. As an example of what I mean, I may allude to the revised order of lessons to be read in the daily service, and in ore especially on the festivals and Lord's Days, recommended by the Royal Commission. It appears to commend itself to the general acceptance of the Church at home. As far as I have been able to examine it, I believe both in its omissions and insertions, as well as its arrangements of lessons for a third servics on Sundays (where it is needed), to be a real improvement. ' Time, however, must f elapse before Convocation and Parliameut i concur in this wise reform of the Prayer-Book. It may be well therefore for this Synod to pass a regulation approving the new Lectionary, and leaving the Bishop to introduce it into tbe diecese so soon as it shall have received the ap proval of the Qaeen in Council. It would be undesirable to alter the present arrangements of lessons until a definite order can be substi tuted for it. "I do not find that tbe JRitoal Commission has made any recommendation with regard to ceremonial observances or vestments ef tbe clergy. Pending the trial of certain clergymen for introducing or reviving obsolete ceremonies and ornaments, any interference with the action of the law atd its judical authori ties was felt to be a greater evil than patiently waiting for legal investigation and judicial decision. Many practices of a novel character have consequently been pronounced 'illegal.' liOyal submission to the law thus declared, rather than paltry evasion* of it, will, I trust, characterise those ministers of our Church at hime whose emotional and imaginative dispositions have led them beyond the sober simplicity of Anglican ceremonial and vesture. The 53 Canon will, perhaps, be made the legal guide for this matter. "Another subject growing out of the re vision of the Lectionary is that of a proposed revision of certain passages in the authorised version of the Uoly Scriptures. The considera tion of this important subject has been re commended by the Bishops to .the Lower Bouse of the Convocation of Canterbury. This step is, I believe, called for by the advanced state of linguistic criticism, as well as by some acknowledged errors in the present translation. It is the clear opinion of the learned prelates who have sanctioned this movement that no portion whatever of the received doctrine of the Church of England will be weakened or modified by it. Truth and honesty require that the Word of God should be offered to mankind in its genuine form audits true mean ing. If the discovery of ancient manuscripts, and deeper acquaintance with the Kastern languages, shall lessen the authority of certain special texts, still in the revised version Divine truth will be set forth with greater certainty and precision. We need in no wise lose our time-honered version; and if the co-operation of learned Nonconformists were received it would be still the Bible of the whole English speaking population of the world. A different type would readily indicate tho passages not resting on the best authorities, and the new translation might be interpolated in the old within brackets, or at the foot of the page. " Daring the last session of Synod we con sented to establish in connection with the other Australian Dioceses, through means of a General Synod, an Appellate Tribunal, to take cognizance under the Metropolitan or Primus of doctrinal causes referred to it,from the Diocesan Courts. Another important subject remitted at that time for consideration to a Select Com mittee was. the mode of electing our future Bishops. This duty has devolved on us in con sequuiceof our legal independence of the Eng lish Establishment. Happily, we are ia no want of precedents to guide us in the choice of plans—we have the Scotch, Irish, American Canons, as well as the practice of the Uni versal Church from the first. The main object of our endeavors on this subject should be to j eliminate from this solemn act as far as possible the influence of momentary excitement and party passion. It should be done assured! f 'as unto the Lord, and not unto men.' The appoint ment to be made should secure the largest pos sible amount of unanimity. " The practice of the Universal Church from the beginning, and followed in the Scotch, American, and Irish branches of our Episcopal communion has been, that the clergy should nominate one or more candidates for the office, and that the laity should concur with them in selecting the most approved. To this practice the American Church has given its adhesion; and the plan thus deliberately adopted in a Church where lay influence is un doubtedly great, and individual opinion enjoys the fullest scope, has in its favor tbe -weight derivable from such considerations. " The Irish branch of our Church, with its two thousand clergy, organising itself as a free and voluntary association has adopted a similar arrangement. "It appears also that the Convocation of Canterbury has appointed a Committee to re port on this subject Under these circum stances I think it would be wise to defer the adoption of any rlau for this diocese until we have had the benefit of such enquiries. To the English or Irish Clergy recourse may probably be had iv filling np this See. It is important, therefore, not to diverge more than is absolutely necessary from the or ganic arrangements of our mother Church, now partly disestablished. Much angry feeling, indeed, and many fears have been elicited by that strong ac: of power which after 300 years separated the Irish Church from the State. But that connection only identified it in the minds of the Celtic population with their Saxon conquerors, and furnished a plea for un dying hatred and chronic rebelliousness. Re leased from this fatal prestige of State con- I nection, the Irish Church wpl enter, I believe, upon a new career of missionary effort, and feeble must be the faith as well as cold the love which fails to bid her ' God speed in that boly war.' " While thus contemplating the great chang%£ which have already taken place, or are immi nent in the Church of England, whether in her revised Lectionary, or proposed revision of the authorised version of the Scriptures; or the ap pointment of suffragan bishopsj or the disestab lishment of tbe Irish Church; or in the greater elasticity given to our liturgy by the permitted separation of its services, we can hardly fail to own tie hand of Providence over ruling to good the revival set on foot among the clergy 40 years ago, when the desire sprung np to restore a more primitive church life by daily services and closer adherence to the spirit of the Prayer Book. Bigotry alone will deny to these men self-denying zeal and disinter ested iaborousness in their sacred calling. That they in many cases have gone from us, or to the verge of error in some points of doctrine and discipline, is the conviction of the great body of the clergy. But the impetus which has been given by them to pastoral earnestness is un doubted. The old rigidity ef a legal establish ment has yielded to this influx of new-born zeal, and never were the' Anglican Clergy ani mated with sincere devotedness or presided over by a more distinguished hierarchy. We may fairly expect, therefore, when the true interpretation of the law concerning Ritualistic practices is ascertained, that some authoritative directory will be issued, or tbe aid of Parliament invoked, to check innovation under the plea of _ doubtful lor disused Rubrics. Meanwhile, acting on the ' principle ' Let every man be fully persuaded in bis own mind,' may St. Paul's spirit of for bearance also, neither jndging, nor despising, nor offending one another prevail among us, being assured thai whatever 'is not of God will come to nought' "It remains forme to notice the subject of national education, which of late has been much under discussion both here and in Eng land. In these days an uneducated people must descend to a lower level among the nations of the earth. A good secular educa tion, even unaccompanied by direct religious instruction, is surely better than rude uncul tivated ignorance. The bitter must be the fate of our rural and pastoral population unless the State will divert the funds, now in some measure wasted on town schools, to the employment of school teachers throughout tbe country dis tricts. Every good school in the centres of population ought to be self-supporting, or will be supplemented by voluntary aid, if that aid be not checked by Government interference. " But here crops up, to an extent surprising in this country, distrust of the voluntary prin ciple as applied to education. Its efficacy, on the other hand, in regard to the supply of ' religious ordinances, has been vaunted above measure! If by the aid of a moderate 'bonus' ' institutes have sprung np all over tbe country, why not schools for the young ? Why should the duty of parents and the zeal of friends and : of pastors beset aside or ignored? Why, with crippled finances, should Government not Avail ' itself of the zeal and liberality of the best edu cated and best disposed membeis of our com munity, in order itself to set np a dry, ' hard system of secular schooling, with ' nothing in it but self-interests to animate the teachers or secure tbe attention of the scholars? Nor can we fail to observe i the arbitrary intolerance which proposes i to tax Christians for the support of schools, i and deny all aid to such schools when the truths of the Christian revelation are taught in them to Christian children. Does not tins look more like anti-Christian hostility to God's truth than fear «f sectarianproselytism ? Crantingthat the latter should be shut out, arc there no means of enlisting voluntary zeal in the cause of national education, while the rights of con science are protected? Let some such scheme be tried before driving into irreconcileable antagonism with State schools those bodies of Christians who deem religious instruc tion an essential part of every-day schooling. Let for example— " L The builders and managers of schools decide whether any, and if any, what religions instruction shall be given in their schools. Tbe State in South Australia avowedly has no con cern in preventing any more than providing re ligious teaching. "2. Let State Inspectors examine and certify as to the quality of the secular education re quired by the Government before any State aid be granted. "3. In all State-aided schools let the hour be fixed and time limited during which religious instruction, if any, shall be given; and let no child attend on such instruction whose parents desire its exemption. "4. Let the Goverumeut Board of Education fix the list of secular books from which the children in State-aided schools are to be in structed. r "5. Let the State require sufficient area for the numbers taught in every State-aided schooL "6. Let the -lid available for educational dis tricts be proportioned to tbe number of children in it of tbo proper ages to attend school in each. "7. Let bonuses be given in the shape of a capitation fee for eacli child passed by tb.9 In spectors as properly instructed in secular learn ing. "The above scheme has been tentatively acted on during the last thirty years in England, and is now in a fair way of becoming a truly national system. (L) The combination of voluntary effort with State provision, and unrestricted action for the friends of education, whether Secularists or Religionists. (2.) The teaderest regard towards both for conscientious scruples. (3.) Compulsory State education for idle and destitute children, whose parents neglect the duty. Tl<£se seem to be the principles on which legislation will ultimately be based in Hngland. The adoption of similar views in this colony would at once quiet apprehension, satisfy the demands of religious opinion, evoke voluntary liberality, draw into the profession of teachers men deeply interested in the moral welfare of their pupils, and, finally, elevate the mental drill of secular education into the dignity and pleasantness of moral training. " Before I close this address, it is necessary that I should advert briefly to the resolution No. 468, passed in the late Synod. To all 'Ritualistic' or ceremonial acts implying, or calculated to inculcate the Bomau view of tbe mystery of the Lord's Supper, I am, and have always been, opposed. While resolved to maintain tbe ecclesiastical law of our re formed Church in regard to doctrine, liturgy, holy orders, rites, ceremonies, ves tures, and ornaments in our churches, I fed equally bound in conscience not to strain that law in order to narrow the comprehensive ness (liberal as it is, within Scriptural limits) of the Anglican Communion. I have received no complaint from the wardens or members of any congregation alleging any illegal 'ceremony or ornament' used by any officiating minister during the ordinary morning and evening prayer, or in the Communion service. It will be well, however, to state that by the decisions of tbe Court of Arches and Privy Council the following ceremonies have been pronounced 'illegal? In the administration of Holy Com munion, elevation of the paten or cop, and genuflexion or prostration before the table dar ing fiie Consecration Prayer. 2. During divine service any procession, i'l or round the Church, sieging hymns or Te Deum. 3. The burning of incense generally, and lighting candles, save for tbe purpose of giving light. 4. In regard to vestments an appeal hns been lodged with the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council against the judgment of the Dean of Arches in this matter, that judgment, therefore, has no effect until such an appeal is decided. " With regard to ' ornaments' or articles i-i uss during the administration of, or subsi diary to, Divine service—other than vest ments — / know of none used in this Diocese which are illegal; eucb, for example, as a crucifix, or cross 'with tlte figure of the Saviour thereon.' This, when not forming part of the architecture of the Church, but used as part of the 'furniture of tbe Holy Table,' is ' illegal.' The Dean of Arches, how ever, expressly declares * vases of flowers to be leeaVand floral decorations, 'not übe& asm additional rite or ceremony. 9 He deems them ' innocent and not unseemly decorations'—like the ' branches of holly' at Christmas; and ' willow blossoms' on Palm Sunday—very gene rally used from old time in our village and other churches. " After all, brethren, religion does not consist in tliese things, but' in rightousness, peace, and joy in the Uoly Ghost;', an 1 I would record my solemn protest against those troublers of our Churches' peace, who, through the Unity of the statute law, hive wilfully revived (against the advice of their Bishops) obsolete Romanising ceremonial in our Divine services. "I would also affectionately urge my rev. brethren to take heed to the 'weightier matter* of the law.' At a time when an un scrupulous criticism assiils the text and inspi ration of the canonical Scriptures; when a rationalistic materialism makes a mock of all 'supernatural manifestations'of God to man, rites and ceremonies and decorations are not, the weapons which are ' mighty through God to tbe pulling down tbe strongholds of error.' Conviction is the true origin of effectual per- . sonal leligion; and they who, instead of rea soning like Paul on ' righteousness, temperance, and judgments to come,' address themselves to the sensuous and imaginative part of the human soul, may captivate, indeed, a crowd of wor shippers, but without promoting the true ' warship of God in spirit and truth.' "It makes little difference whether the appeal be made by a gorgeous ceremonial, or by the powerful voice and exciting action of some revivalist preacher. How different are these methods from the powerful reasoning and fer vent appeals of St. Paul, addressed to tbe reason and consciences of men. The embellish ments of religion may suit the cravings of an opulent and luxurious age, which is ever trying to harmonise the worship of God with tbe ser vice of mammon. But the love of pleasure, lust of the eye, and pride of life mingle with zeal for the outward form. Let it be your endea vor, rev. brethren, rattier to bufld up in your people sLnple but effectual faith, combined with hope and charity: that faith, which of old was content to worship in the ' bouse, 9 or 'caves of the'earth,' before the light of day, -" or in tbe darkness of * the catacombs.' Then was a pattern of sublime virtue given to the world in all tbe varied relations of life —masters and slaves, children and parents, wives and husbands. Are toe better Christians than they with all our varied modes of religious worship? Let us give, if we will, of oar beat to God's service, tbe noblest buildings, the choicest ornaments, the most comely order of divine service, but let us never lose sight of those great Christian verities—'Except a man be bora from aboce he cannot see the kingdom of God, and if we live in tbe spirit let us also walk in the spirit.* When, however, I look back to our last meeting of Synod and re member the freedom at once, and faithfulness, the forbearance, the candor, and tbe charity which then on the whole characterised our dis cussions, I do believe th&t; that assembly was not left without tbe guidance of the Spirit of God. I fervently pray and hope that a like spirit will govern our present assembly. If there are questions to be sifted or doubts removed, be persuaded that an honest, loving regard for God's truth is perfectly compatible with gentleness, impartiality, and sincerity. Let us, then, seek the things which, make for peace, not by insincere compromise,. .. but by the wisdom which is from above—first pure and then peaceable: easy to be entreated, because always endeavoring to keep the unity of tbe Spirit in the bond of peace, as well as righteousness of life. AFTERNOON SITTING. At 3 o'clock, the members of Synod met at the Church Office. His Lordship the Bishop presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer. ELECTION COHMTCTEB'S BEPOBT. Mr. F. Wicksteed, Secretary, read the report of the Election Committee, as follows: — "The Election Committee placed on the table a Synodal Roll certified as correct. r " Although the returns from the following Churches are somewhat irregular, none of them having having been made within seven days of election, they recommend that the names of the Synodsmen shall remain on the Roll, on this occasion—Holy Trinity, Adelaide; All Saints, Hindmarsh ; St. Margaret's Woodvflle; ' St Peter's, Glenelg; St. James' Blatiston; St. Thomas's, Bilhannah ; St. Jade's, Port Elliot. " They cinnot, however, recommend the same course with regard to Christchuroh, Mount Gambier; the election of Synodsmen of this Church being altogether irregular, having been made by the clergyman, and not by tbe congre gation. " They have to report that the congrega tions of " St. Barnabas, Clare. " Emmanuel, Ohingford; and " All Saints, Moonta, have elected Synodsmen, but these Churches . not being in Union with Synod, the gentlemen .. elected have not received summonses. The . Secretary has written pointing out the neces sary steps to be taken to place them in Union. " B. B. Comet, Chairman." Mr. R. B. CoiXBT moved that the report be « received, and the recommendations contained; therein adopted. This was seconded and x . carried. gBCEETAEtES. His Lordshrp appointed tbe Rev. 6. Green Clerical Secretary, and Mr. C. B. Yonnglay Secretary to the Synod. _..< STHODAi BOLL. j. The roll was then called, and the usual delca ration signed, new members of Synod signing" *■ also the Synodal Compact. Synod was consti tuted thus :— Holy Trinity, Adelaide—Rev. Bichardson, Beld, Bey. ( W..W^Bwbank, H. D. Holmes, S." Tom*. W- AjCawthorne, , ,;' Christchurch, North Adelaide—VenT Arch deacon Marryat, W. W. Blyth, James Bath, J. a Bellhouse, R. E. Minchin. \ St LukeV .Adelaide— Bey. J. Pollitt Key. F. W. Marshall, W. Shakespeare, J. X. Haw thorne, Wi Bishop. ; St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Bey. the Dean, Bey. B. J. Poole, W. J. Fallarton, G. M. TurnbuH, -J. Morgan, F. G. ftmith. ' St. Paul's, iPort Adelaide—Rev. S. Green, Dr. Duncan, A. J. Edmunds. .' St. John's, Adelaide—Bey. D. J. H. Ibbet son, W. 3. Moore, T. H. Viney, J. Pritchard, J. EL Clinch. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Eev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Jas. Gray. All Saint?V.ffindmarsh.—Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Dr. Forsteri,, St. Margaret's, WbodvOle — Bey. H. M. Pollitt, Wm. Sykes. St. Andrew's, Walkerville — Rev. Canon Dove, C. B. fybunff, J. W. Bull. St Matthew's, Kensington—Key. E. Jenkins, J. HowelL B. W. Meredith. St Michael's, Mitcham—Bev. Henry Read, N. OMhauvL. W. Tbrupp. St Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Bey. W. H. Mudie. J. Hv Wiles, W. Pound. St Marj'a,rSonth-road^-Bev. A. Honner, F. Burton. Christch.nr£h, O'Halloran Hill—Rev. A. Hon- Her, Frederic AVJcksteed.r : St Peter's, Glenelg—B. B. Oolloy, N. Blytb. St Stephen's. Willunga—Kev. E. X Miller, B. G. Jay. .. ' ; St Phillip and St' James's Noarlunga— Bey. E. K. Miller. ! St Jameses, Blakiston—Bev. E. Browne, Dr. WeL'. Christchnrch, Mount Barker—Bey. E. Browne, F. C. Smith. St Thomas's, Balhannah—Bev. E. Browne, Thos. Pugh. St George's, Gawler—Rev. 'Canon Coombs, W. H. Lewis, T. O. Jones. j Chrirtchurch, Kapuuda—Bev. T. J. Smyth, Jas. Huggins, W. G. Goodcfeild. St Mary's, Kooringa—J. Winnall. St Jndei.JPort ElliofeHDr. Carey. St Johns, Mount - Pleasant—Bey. W. A. Glayfield, J; Bennett, sen. Christchurch, YaokaliUa — Rev. C. W. Morse, J. Heaihcote, BLDatton. St. Thmmas's, Port Lincoln—G. W. Hawkes. St John's, Salisbury—Uev. TV. Scott Strathalbyn Mission—Bey. O. G. Taplin. Holy Trinity, Lyndoci—Kev. R. B. Webb. St. Petei's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Farr. . :. After this His Lordship read his annual re port on the state of the diocese, and the Stand ingJCommittee brought up their'report Amongst other bnaine<3 was an important paper .on the . .ELECTION OF BISHOP 3. . '~ The following report was cead an this sub ject :— : .... " The ' Oemmittee, having considered the question: of,'the election of future .Bishops of this diocese, which matter was referred to them in Mibute 541 (1869), propose the follow ing regulations:— .. | . . 'VI. That on the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of Bishop, the Dean, or in his ab sence the senior member of the Chapter, shall assemble, with all convenient speed the Stand ing Committee, who, voting by orders, shall draw np ailist of persons eligible for the office, or shall suggest that the election of the Bishop pro hae vice shall be delegated to some person, persons, oribody. "2. That, a call of Synod having been mad*, the votes, which shall:be by ballot, shall be taken by.orders. , ... "3. That an absolute majority of the whole Synod, composed of a majority of clergymen entitled to (vote, and of a majority of the Synodsmeqjshall determine the election or the course to be pursued, s "4. That;the voting shall be repeated, until such absolute majority shall bo obtained, pro vided that if no conclusion in the voting is ar rived at within three months, the election of the Bishop shall lapsd pro hue vice to the Metro politan. '.-; ; i ; . : "5. That the voting shall be in person, and no proxies allowed. "6. That after any billot in which the re quired majority shall not be obtained, it shall be open to any member of Synod to make a nomi nation or to propose a course of procedure other than that apon which the ballot was last taken. " 7. That the Chairman shall report the re sult of the election to the Metropolitan. " S. That the election having been duly made by the Synod should be confirmed by tKe Bishops of the province of Australia, as laid down in'Keport No. 2, in the Appointment of Bishops, p. 423 of the Annual ltcport of Synod, 1869\. . : " Charles Marutat, Convener." THE BISHOP'S DISSENT. : " I dissent from this report, because .t — "1. Contrary to the practice of the Uni versal Church, which has been followed by the American, Scotch, and Irish Churches, it would vest the .nomination of candidates for the vacant See in a Standing Committee composed of Laymen and Clergymen, in the.proportion of two to one; and because: in this provision no sat?cienc guarantee is afforded for the inde pendent - judgment of the Clergy (though "voting by orders) on the election of their Bishop. The practice of the Catholic Church, from the beginning having been for the Clergy to nominate and the Laity to approve. "2. Because the Standing Committee, chosen principally for administrative purposes, is composed principally of urban and subur ban Clergy and Laity; and on the part of the Clergy, at least, it is no fair representation of the whole body for the general affairs of the Church. ■ ' "3. Because the election of the Bishop, as pro posed, by an absolute majority of the Clergy and Liity; voting by orders in Synod, admits the contingency of the largest possible dis sentient minority; and consequently the clanger of dividing the diocese into two antago nistic parties. "4. Because the denial of voting by prosy to the rural Clergy, in a diocese so extensive, and with congregations so scattered as this of Adelaide, is practically to disfranchise a large number of them, and give undue influence in the election to the town incumbents. "5. Because the proposed scheme seems likely to place the election of the Bishop prac tically in the hands of the Standing Committee, and confine the candidature to the clerical members of that body. "A. Adelaide. "May 16,1870." The Dhan said this report was inegularly directed by the last Synod' to be brought up to this Synod. He held that a Synod only had power-to appoint c, Committee to report to itself. He had no wish to take exception to the reception of the' report, but he simply wished to interpose this objection in order to prevent the course now being pursued passing into a precedent ' In connection with the question of pew letting. The-Bev. S. Green moved —"That a Select Committee be appointed to consider how far it is practicable to abolish payment for sittings in churches in this diocese, and to forward their report to the Standing Committee." He argued that churches were God's houses; and it was a wrong thing to charge people to enter their, father's house. The question might be asked how should they support the clergy? but he believed a much better system could be adopted than by taking payment for sittings. At pre sent the poor people were often repelled from God's house by the charge made for sittings, and be strongly advocated the system of volun tary offerings. He believed if the Committee were appointed a bett;r system could be pro posed.- His LOBD3HIP pointed out that any clergyman could dispense with, sittings if he chose to-do so. Dr. Weld, Messrs. S. Toms and "W. Bishop opposed the abolitionol payment of sittings. IThe Bey. Canon Dove spoke strongly against the unchristian nature of the system, which he earnestly denounced. The Bey. £. K. Miller, the Dean, and Mr. Collet Bpoke ia favor of the Committee of Enquiry. The motion was carried, and .the following Committee was elected by ballot:—Dean Bus sell, Bey. S. Green, Canon Farr, Messrs. Hawkes and Colley, Canon Dove, Archdeacon Marryai, and Messrs. .Young and Thrupp. There has been an important discussion on the subject of education, and the relation of the Diocesan Church to the present movement in favor of improved National Education. A Conference with other denominations, and the friends of education generally, is to be sought; and a> resolution was passed'by Synod approving { of the Jeflucational platform suggested in the Bishop's address. 