A SHIP ON FIBE. hint clow far off on the sea '-? W-\\. r«s black as blackness can be ronaros n « . dinR ti,e a»rfc waves upon. '?fffiSKw h nearer we Bail, S* ! L' & »™£in tDe teeth of the glde : 0°''rdJ/C: it« splendors wise, £?LKer,fla»Uing the skies. . Inntiin of flame it glare, oertne neep, ?*??., i,j. . .hin ! a lanre ship on fire I **& ' « they i» »eT? rite truly dire ; ?J, vc I through the glare white faces I see, XmrlTtWo hundred I'm sure toere most be ; 1^- X I see them— '«« brighter than dsy *K hVW could pit the dismal 'ml island transfix ed, and with looks of da TVMW ---'« «* in 'BO'™* *«J * 5Ib n nm wildly along the hot deck. String to keep the fierce flames ,n check, time too, »re plunB'-S beneath the huge waves, rCinefrom the flame, into watery graves. noVn co the boaU ! towards them we ride, GJlanfiy cleaving the fire-crimsoned tide ; Vest at -re may to the vessel we Mil, ' . , t ? ? Li nHldt lisa tvif.1i rani II FAITH nail Hit 11 VIDE ireUl'*' M1''* **' '??'? -—*?--.-— — «*? H^rryi-fr scurrying, towards us tfcey come, Some leaping, some tumbling, climbing down Now'cKy and firmly each man ply hiB oar— , from lire, from death, we have rescued six B»ck, back, to our brave ship with baste let us fly — - ? storm wind' »re rising, the seas run pore high. Tbuk Uod I we are safe on her tall deck again, Kow strivo we to succor the poor rescued men. The riDds are etill rising, still rising the waves, Tie sprites of dead Bailors aroused from cold craves, Are trailing and shrieking as borne on the blast, By tbe doomed vessel they swiftly speed past ; -ow bunts tho thunder with a crash and a Like the meeting of worlds in space doipg battle ! See ! »ee ! the red lightning— the sky's all a blwe TLe boldest of seamen white with sjosk ! la I the burning ship, on a huge wave s crest, Comes plunging by 1 fear fills rfery breast 1 Oh God! on her deck two fair maidens stand, More wan than a ghost, each wavei her pale hand, Their Lair all dishevelled streams in the wind, Their eyei wildly stare some succour to find ; But, ah ! they're swept on, the flames closing They raise their shrill voices with piteous 6oudi1 ! Like fiery monster the ship bounds away, Toning to redness the fierce seething spray ; Still rages tbe storm, the load thunders crash ! Faster and faster the dread lightnings flash 1 The vessel yet blazing fades from our sight, We're tossed on the billows through all the long night. Chill runs my blood, my dizzy brain whirls, To think of the fate of those napless girls— Burnt to ashes on the dark raging deep, Those ashes for aye o'er the wild waves to svreep. John Aheakn. Hamilton, August 2nd, 1870. 