t']HE STORY-TELLER. PRECIOUS POLL. " Oh! Cousin Watson, how can you ? -and she mother's aunt!" ".If she was ten times your mother's aunt, I slhould say th' same. It's enow to mnike one right-down wild to see yo sptending the' bit o' money yo're fayther left you over old Mlartha Huxley, who nfver was no good to no ote-not even to hersel'," exclaimed sharp-voice, shalrp-featured Mrs. Watson, with a lofty contempt of grammatical idiom. "Why can't you lot th' parish take charge of her ? And good enough for her, too, without yo' a neglecting what you ought to be doing, to slave ye'rseilf after an old woman who niver did a hand's turn; let alone th' money, which she hasn't got none of herself. And I suppose yo'll be for bury ing her, too, just like decent folks. Set her up I One would think yo were a born idiot, Winny Watson !" Winny stood before the irate lady with flushed cheeks and downcast eyes, but made no further reply. "It was bad enow for yo're fayther to go and marry beneath hisself, without having all yo're mother's relations upon the family's hands; and yo're an ungrateful huzzy, that's what you are, to go agin' the wishes of yo're best friends-that's me and Ben. But if yo like -better to take up with' Martha Huxley, of course you can; only you shan't stay here. I ain't agoin' to her the keep of Mrs. Huxley's nurse;" and Mrs. Watson tossed her head, having conclunded with what she considered a fine touch of sarcasm. It was rather hard to accuse Winney ofingratitude,, seeing that, during the year she had been under her cousin's roof, she had been doing the work of about two servants, without wages; bht it did not enter into Winney's head to estimate her services very highly: She only said ; "I am not ungrateful, Cousin Watson; but I must do what I feel t~q be right. What'ud mother say if she could know that I had left the poor old aunt, who has no one belonging to her but me, to go into th' house; and I, with twenty pounds to the fore !-Ben, won't you speak a'word for me ?-won't you say I'm right ?" .'his appeal was addressed to a sallow faced young man with a strong likeness to the sharp-featured MIrs Watson. He had been leaning against the chimney piece in the farm kitchen, a silent auditor of the foregoing conversation. " How can I say I think yo're riglt when I don't think nowt o' th' sort ?" he replied. " Just as if th' parish wasn't good 'enow for old Martha ! And I'll tell you what it is Winny: when we're man and wife, you'll hev to lay aside some of them fine notions o' yourn-they won't suit." ¶' It will be time enough to talk abonut that when I'm yo're wife !" exclaimed Winny, her dark eye flashing. "There may be two words to that bargain!" ' It's not Ben that'll hev to go fur to seek for a wife," interrupted his mother; i? though me and yo're father did wish it; but if yo're going on a fool's errand, to spend th' bit of money, that's scarely yourn to spend neither, seeing that yo're fayther expected that Ben and yo were'to set up yo're horses together, why theres an end ofit. Yo must choose between us and old M~artha Buxley, as I said afore ;so now you know. Yo'd better think twice before yo lose a good home and 1 good husband for an old peddlar:woman. 'She can't live a week, and then what's to be come of yo' I'd like to know ?" '! I can get into service," replied the girl, "' I'd leifer do that, nor what's wrong. Any ways, I must go back to aunt now; I promised.' "' Well, take "yo're own way, Winny Watson," cried Winny's cousin, from behind a heap of hodisehold linen; "only yo mind this-ifyo go, yo go, and don't come back. There shan't be two mistresses here, and now yo know my mind." W•innysighed, but she made no re monstrance. She left the kitchen and ascended the narrow flight of stairs ~ead ing to the attic bedrooms, and presently came down with a bundle in her nand. She went up to nMrs 'Watson. "Good bye, Cousin Watson," said she, holding out her hand. "I'm sorry if I've vexed you; but I could not help myself." SMrs. Watson pushed the girl's offered hand aside, angrily.' "i' I wonder yg aren't ashamed of yo'rself," she said. "' You'll be wanting a roof over yo're head one of these days, and then yo'll wish yo'd taken the advice of those who knows what's sense and what isn't !"' The young man raised himself from his lounging attitude, and advanced a step to bar Winny's passage to the door. " Nay-what, lass ? Yo'rp piver going to leave us like this ?' he cried, with something of warmth in his tone. !?'?Yo're nfvor going to break yo're promise to me for th' sake o' yon old witch upon th' moor?" ' I niver. gave you a promise Ben. I said I'd see, because father wished it. But I hev seen that you're that mean-spirited, that I wouldn't be yo're wife-no, not if it was iver so! . "' Oh nonsense, Winuy'? It's not mean ppirited to her a bit o' conmon sense; and I'm that fond o0 yo I'd leifer hey yo than Susan Price, 'though folks do say she's got a matter bf 'fifty pounds of her own. Ben enunciatd' these words slowly looking down at his shoes. The very mention of the fiifty pounds had cooled his ardor towards ?¥inny, evidently. Winny curled her rosy lip. 'I would take fifty pounds if I was you, Ben. Good-bye." And, slipping past him, she left the kitchen, and went out through the farmyard. At the other end of the village, 01Cem Armstrong, the blacksmith, was causing the sparks to fly from the heated iron, under the heavy blows of his hammer. ,lem was a fine stalwart young fellow, witha pair of plear honest grey eyes, and lips, as far as could be seen of them under the short bushy broqwn beard, that more frequently tpok the upward curve of merrimuent and good-humor than the downward curve of melancholy and dis content. But jnst now the clear grey eyes were c'ouded, and the expression of thelips showed thap Olem Armstrong, not withstanding his happy temperament, could be sorrowful sometimes. He had just heard the report in the village that the wedding between Ben -Watson, of the Heath Farm, and his cousin Winny was likeljr t0 take place soon. 01Cem had never believed, hitherto that Winny would marry Ben Watson: Ben was only a half-hearted sort of a chap, and Clem had some reason to think that 'W'inny's love for her cousin was not of that absorbing nature as to make her bl;nd to his faults. Winny was the prettiest girl in allithe parish : not one had such peach-bloom cheeks, and such sweet lips,' and such bright dark eyes; and. then. her light, well- rounded, graceful figure! Olemn did not tell himself that shie was like a Hebe, or that she would have served as a model for a sculptor; because he had never heard of such a person as Hebe, and knew little about sculptors; but he drew his broad hand over his brow, andl heaved a sigh that was quite as eloquent as the most approved simile. Then Winny Watson was so cheerful and sweet-tempered, and good and true; and again Clem drew a sigh from the depths of his big honest heart. He could not quite believe, after all, that she would take up with Ben ; he would not despair. Then he called to mind the blush and the smile that had caused his heart to give a great throb'only the day before, when he had met Winny in the village street; and thinking of this, the hammer came down with heavier strokes, and the sparks flew far and fast. Olem told himself again that he would not despair. As Winny left the farm, and, with the little bundle in her hand, turned down the road away from the village, the tears welled into her eyes, and' rolled dovwn her cheeks. ]t was not that she had ever been very happy at the Heath Farm still less n as it regret that she had broken with her co.usin Ben. It had been' an understood .thing, since her father's death, that she and Ben were to marry; but she had viewed this arrangement with increasing dissatisfaction. Winny was not accustomed to mental analysis. She could not very well have explained why she could not make up her mind to he Ben Watson's wife; she never thought qf saying, in so' manywords, that a': wo man requires to respect where she loves ; that she needs to feel herself not only supported, but wrapped round, as it were, by a soul larger than her own. The less can never contain the greater; and Ben's natnre was smaller and nar rower' than ?inney's, and she did not respect him, but, on the contrary, rather looked down upon him. The thought, too, had occasionally intruded itself, that if it had been Clem Armstrong her father had wished her to marry, how differently she would have felt about it: and the tears flowed faster; for there was not only the prospect of having to go out to ser vice, but of having to go where she should never see Clem, or hear his kindly voice again. The road Winny was following passed between a few fields belonging to the Heath PFarm, and then crossed a wild moorland district, from 'which the farm tooklits name. The moor was a dreary place enough, though the gorse and heather shone gold and purple in the afternoon sun. Winny soon left the road, and turned into a scarcely percep tible pathway leading northwards. Here the heath was broken into hollows, where lay dark sullen pools of water, or where spots of lush vivid green betokened the still more dangerous quagmire. Here, 'too, were great boulders, moss and lichen-covered, where not washed bare by the rains; and many of these boulders took weird fantastic forms, that, in the twilight, or on moon-light nights, were strongly suggestive of the bogles and other "uncanny" creatures that were said to haunt the solitary heath., About half a mile along this track was a house that had once been the home stead of a' small farm. A few decayed outbuildings, two or three old elder-trees, vestiges of broken-down~fences, with here and there patches of oats, wild now and self-grown, gave signs of former cultiva tion. Many years ago, a fearful crime had been committed here, and since that time the house had fallen into ruins, no one caring to inhabit the accursed spot, Fire had also done its part to render the scene more desolate; the roof had fallen in, and the rafters and window-frames were blackened and scorched. One of the elder-trees had been half consumed, and stood, with its remaining branches black and bare, a ghastly object. The others unscathed, were now loaded with dark purple berries; year by year they had been white with blossom and purple with fruit, unheeding the havoc made by man's sin. The kitchen and another room on the ground-floor were still, in a sort of way, habitable; and here, in defiance of bogles and hobgobling, old Martha Hux ley had taken up her abode. Martha had once been a well-to-do woman, with ahusband and three goodly sons; but that was long, long ago. The husband and the sons had all been dead years be fore Winny was born; and then Martha became a changed woman. She managed to pick up a living by going about from one hamlet to another, selling needles and cotton and tape, and such like small ware, and after a time added to this other means of livelihood less reputable. She was learned in herbs and salves, could tell fortunes in coffee grounds, knew of a charm for warts, and by de grees became known as a "wise woman." With all her arts and her pedlar's wares, however, and although she paid no rent, and the tax-gatherer never thQught of calling at her door, she lived miserably. She was always glad to ac cept of an old cloak or a cast-off gown; and subsisted chiefly on the offerings of meal end potatoes, and such like, brought her by the neighboring farmers' and cottagers' wives who wanted her as sistance. These offerings seldom fell short, however, for the neighbors stood in considerable awe of old Martha's powers. Once, when Mrs. Simpkins, of Hodden Olose, had neglected her usual gifte, the cheeses had turned out badly, and a brood of chickens had been destroyed by t;he rats. True, the cheeses had not been sufficiently pressed, and there were holes in the floor of the hen-house ; but these causes were not nearly so likely to have produced the evil as Martha's ill-will, and this was afterwards proved. While E~armer Simpkins was stopping up the holes with lime, his wiser wife took a present to Martha Huxley of new-laid eggs, and half a dozen oat-cakes from the last baking. As not one chicken was lost of the next brood, it was made clear to the commonest understanding that Martha must have had something to do with it. W' inny's fears were now dried, but she shivered a little as she approached the ruinous dwelling-place of her old aunt. It was lonesome even in daylight, and Winny could not helpj trembling at the idea of spending a night there. For some weeks past Martha Huxley had been unable to go about, and as her power to do either good or evil declined, so did the offerings fall off; so that she must either have starved it appeared, or have gone to the workhouse; if it had hot been for iWinny. Martha was now quite unable to do anything to help herself, and Winny, as well as providing her with tood and medicine, had hired a woman to attend upon her. It had not been easy ro find any one willing to undertake that task; but at last Sally French, a forlorn'enough Sindividual herself, had been bribed to ac cept the office ef nurse, and Winny took comrhfort in the thought of Sally's pre sence. Even ghosts become less formid able when they have not to be encountered alone. It was a bare desolate reom that Winny entered. A handful of turf-fire was smouldering in the grate; a ricketty deal table and a broken chair stood be fore it. An old settle stood against the wall, and in a closet that had lost its door, were a few odds-and-ends of tin and crockery were. The inner room, where the poor old woman lay stretched on her bed, was just as destitute of com fort. In one corner were a few shelves, on which were some sea-shells and other valueless trifles; on the top-shelf was a stuffed parrot, woefully dilapidated; its legs had given way, its tail lhad nearly disappeared, and one glass eye alone re: mained to it out of the pair. Sally Freiinch was sitting on a stool by the side of the bed, knitting. Winny stood a moment on the threshold : the parrot seemed to look at her inquisitively out of its owe glass eye. "How is she, Sally ?" Winny said, after a moment's hesitation, advancing into theroom. "As bad as bad can be. She toolk her beef tea beautiful this morning, but since she's been going off, and a-been wander ing in her head; a-most all about that 'ere parrot; her ' Precious Poll," she calls it. "'Do yo know" (here Sally approach ed Winny, and lowered her voice)-" I do believe that 'ere bird's her familiar. I've know'd, afore she was taken bad, how she used to talk to it, and laugh to herself, till it made one's flesh creep to hear her. I wouldn't touch that bird now, not if it was iver so! I don't be lieve a bit about it's being nothing but a stuffed bird. Fayther onst had a cow driven away; and he heard as there was a wise man as lived over yonder" (and Sally pointed in the direction of a large manufacturing town some miles off), '"and he thowt he'd go and ask him about the cow. When he got into th' room, there were a thing that th' man were standing before-an' queer brass knobs and things, and a glass jar, where fayther said th' man's familiar lived, though he couldn't see nothing. While he was speaking to th' man, fayther laid his hand, quite permiscous like, upo' one of th' knobs or summat, and it up and give him a blow on's arm that sent him across the room a most,' though he couldn't see nothing; and after, that he says, ' Sally,' says he, ' don't you hey nothing to do with evil spirits,' which he didn't ever after, unless it might be a dhrop o' rum by nows and thens." " Th' parrot was brought home from South Amerikay, I've heard mother say; it was CousinJemthatbrought, it aunt's favorite son, who was drowned at sea. She was that fond of it, that when it died she had it stuffed, so I've heard mother say; I dare say it's precious to her." Winny spoke in a dreamy way. She had not paid much attention to what Sally had been saying. She was look ing at the sick woman, stretching help lessly on the hard narow pallet- bed, and rhinking what a desolate thing it must be to lie dyingg, and no one to care. Just then M1artha stirred and moaned; Winny poured out a few drops of wine, and, gently raising her aunt's head, put it to her lips. The cordial revived her for a moment ; something like consciousness returned to the dull fast-glazing eyes. " Good child-Winny ! "she gasped out. " Take care of Poll, precious- " They were the last words she spoke. She sank back again on the pillow in a state of stupor; and before the morning dawned, she had gone to join her hus band and her three sons in the everlast ing kingdom. Winny had sent Sally French into the village, to make the necessary arrange ments for a decent funeral. Mrs. Simp kins had been there, and had sent some bedding and other things, to make Winnimy and Sallyvas comfortable as might be in the tumbledown kitchen till after the funeral. All had been done that could be down, and the two who had been companions so long were left alone be hind the closed door in the inner room; the parrot sitting on its weak legs on the upper shelf, peering down with its one glass eye, and the inanimate shrouded form on the pallet-bed beneath. Winny felt stifled, and as evening drew on she left the desolate house, and, leaning against one of the purple-fruited elder- tres, she tried to form some plan for the future. She had not stood there long, when she observed a tall figure coming across the heath, between her and the sunset. She soon perceived that the figure was that of Clem Armstrong, and that he was making his way to the ruined farmhouso. Winny's first impulse was to hide horself-her heart began to throb so foolishly. But she did not wish to seem unkind to Clem, if he had really come all the way from the village to see her, so she only pretended to be much absorbed in looking at something quite in the opposito -direction. " Oh, Clem, how you startle one !"'' she cried, when he had come close to her, That was no doubt the reason why her cheeks were so rosy-red, and why her breath came taick ind fast. It was very thoiugihtless in Olem.ito startle her in that way. (To be continued.) 