THE POPULAB WOMAN. rom the Saturday liei'icw. The popular pretty, woman is one who) take her as a young wife (and she must be manied), honestly loves her husband, but does not thrust her affection into tbe face of the world, and and never flirts with him in public. Indeed, she flirts with other men just enough to make time pass pleasantly, and enjoy a rapid waltz or a lively conversation as much as when she was seventeen, and before she was appropria ted. She does not, think it necessary to go about morally ticketed, nor does she find it necessary for her dicrnitv or hpr viiKmr tn fpnno herself round with coldness or indifference to the multitude by way of proving her loyalty to one. Still, as it is notorious that she does love her husband, and as every one knows that they are perfectly content with each other, and therefore not ou the look-out for supple ments, the men with whom she' has those innooent little jokes, these transparent/ secrets, those animated conversations, that confessed friendship and good understanding, do not make mistakes, and the very woman belong ing to them forget to be censorious, even though she is so much admired. She is a mother, too, and a fond one, so can sym pathize with other mothers, and expatiate on her nursery in the confidential chat over the five o'clock tea, as all fond mothers do and should. She keeps a well-managed house, and is notorious for the' amount Of needlework she gets through, and of which she is pretty proud, not being ashamed to tell you that the dress you admire so much was made by her own hands, and she will give your wife the pattern if she likes; while she boasts of even rougher upholstery work which she and her maid and her sewing-machine have got through with despatch and credit. She gives dinners with a cachet of their own, and that have been evidently planned with careful thought and study, and she is not above her work as mis tress and organiser of her household. Yet she finds time to keep abreast with the current literature of the day, and never has to confess to ignorance of the ordinary topics of conver sation. She is not a woman of extreme views about anything; she has not signed improper papers, and she does not discuss improper ques tions ; she does not go in for woman's rights ; she has a horror of facility of divorce, and she sets up for nothing — being neither an dvnn ced woman desirous of usurping the posses sions and privileges of men, nor a Griselda who thinks her proper place is at the feet of men, to take their kicks with patience, and their caresses with gratitude, as is becoming in an inferior creature. She does 'not dabble in politics, and though she likes to make her dinners successful and her evenings brilliant, she, by no means, assumes to be a leader of fashion, or to impose laws on her circle. She likes to be admired, and she is always ready to let herself be loved ; she is always ready, too, to do any good work that comes in her way, and she finds time for the careful over looking of a few pet charities, about which she makes no parade, just as she finds time for her nursery and her needlework. Another kind of popular woman is the sympathetic woman, the woman who gives instead of receiving. This kind is of variable conditions ; she may be old, she nviy be ugly — in fact, she is more often both than neither, but sho ih a universal favourite, not withstanding, and no woman is more sought after or less wcuriod of, although none can say why they like her. She may be-uiariiud ; but generally she is either a widow or an old maid ; as, if a wife, her sympathies for things abroad are necessarily somewhat cramped by tho pressure of the home life, and her sympa thies are her claim to popularity. ? She is sincere, too, as well as sympathetic, and she is safe. She holds the secrets, both of opinion and deed, of all her friends, but no one suspects that any one has confided secrets to her before himself. She has the arc, or rather the charm, of perpetual spiritual freshness, and all her frieuds think in turn that the fountain has been unsealed now for the first time. This is not artifice ; it is simply the property of deep and inexhaustible sympathy. It is not neces sary that she should be a wise adviser to be popular ; jher province is to listen and to sympathize, to gather the sorrows and the joys of others iuto her own breast, so as to softeu by them sharing or heighten them by reduplication. Most frequently, too, she is not over rigid in her notions of moral prudence, and will let a love-sick girl talk of her lover, even if the . affair is hopeless and has been forbidden, while she will do her. best to soothe the man who has had tho mis fortune to get crazed about his friend's -wife. She has been even known, under pressure, to convey a message or a hint, und of the two, she is decidedly- more pitiful to sorrow than severe to wrong- doing. . She is iu all the misfortunes and maladies of her friend.s. No death takca pines without her bearing part of the mourning on her own soul, but then no marriage is considered complete iu which she has not a share.: She is culled upon to help whenever there is work to be done, if she is of the practical type ; if only of the mental, she has merely to give up her own pleasures and her time that she may look on and sympathise. Everyone likes her, every one takes to her at first sight, no one is jea lous of her, and the law of her life is to spend and be spent for others. It not unfrequently happens, though, that she who does so much for others has to bear her own burden unas sisted, and that she sits at home surrounded by the spectres of despair, the ghosts of sor row, which she helps to dispel from their homes. But she is not selfish, uud while she trudges along cheerfully enough under the heavy end of her friends' crosses, she asks no one to lay so much as a finger on her own, in consequence of which no one imagines that she ever suffers at ull ou her own account, and most of her friends would take it as a personal affront were she to turn the tallies and ask for that of which she had £»iveu so much to others. She is the moral anodyne of her circle, and when she ceases to soothe, she abdicates the function assigned to her by nature, and dies out of her allotted uses. Another kind of popular person is the woman whose sympathies are more superficial, but those faculties are more brilliant ; the woman who imikus hursulf agreeable, as it i.s culled — that is, who can talk when she is wanted to talk, listen when she is wanted to listen, take a prominent part and some respon sibility, or keep her personality in. the back ground, according to circumstances and the need of the movement, eminently a useful member of society, and popular just in pro portion to the pleasure she cau shed around her. But she ofl'enJs uoone, even though she is notoriously sought ufter and made much of, for she is so good-natured to all, tind people are not jealous of those who do not fla.uit their successes, and whom popularity does not make insolvent. The popular woman of this kind is always ready to help in the pleasure of others. She is n fair-weather friend, and shrinks with the most charming frankness ^oni .those on. whom dark days have fallen. She is really very sony when any of her ? — ?— — — — - u».* ..vr... VIIV* 1 Ull HO, aiiU tW 13 IClU behind to the tender mercies of those cruel camp-followers in the march of life — sorrow or sickness ; but she feels that her place is not with them — rather with the singers and play ers who aro making things pleasant for the main body. But if she cannot stop to smooth the pillows of a dying bed, or soothe the trou bles of an aching heart, she can organise de lightful parties, set young people to congenial games, take off bores on to her own shoulders, and even utilize them for the neutralization of other bores ; she is good for the back seat or the front, as is most convenient to others ; she can shine at the state dinner where you want a serviceable show, or make a diversion in the quiet— not to suy stupid — conglomera- tion of fogies, when you want a lively element to prevent universal stupor j she talks easy and well, and even brilliantly when on her ?uvyuuiu, um h\j\j uuijuyii lu excite, men 3 envy j and she has no decided opinions. She is a chameleon, an opal, changing ever in changing lights, and no one was yet known to determine her central quality. Pedkstrianism. — Austin v. Uiqoins. ? The match butwuon Austin, the well-known ton-mijo runner, and Mat Higgina, the champion runner of Australia, takes place in Melbourne, on the 11th June. The stakes are £100 a-side. That valuable institution a Bushman's Homo, has been established in Adelaide. Such a place is as much a necessity in the chief cities of these colonies as a sailor's home in a large sea-port town. There aro many points of resemblance between the sailor and the buslnnan, and both are preyed upon by the same rapacious and de praved classes, as often as they exchange the solitude of the sea or the bush for the busy haunts of men. It is, therefore, an act of pure benevolence to shield them from the dangers and temptations winch beset them, and to pro vide them with a securo and comfortable shelter. The Bushman's Home, at Adelaide, is a commo dious fifteen-roomed house in Whitmore-square, and is supported by the annual subscriptions of members, by clmrge3 for board and lodging, and by contributions. It includes a labour-office, and the apartments comprise a spacious dining hall, dormitories, reading and amoking rooms, an infirmary, bathroom, kitchen, and the usual offices. _ The institution is under the control of a superintendent, and no intoxicating drinks are allowed to be brought into or consumed upon the promises. Arrangements are being made for the establishment of a benefit fund, and the superintendent is the banker of the inmates for the time being, if they so wish it. Last week a complimentary dinner was given to Mr. W. T. Trappitt, J.P., Orange, he being about leaving the district. A reward of £500 has boon offered by the Victorian Government, for auch information as will lead to the arrest of the bushranger, Power. The following is a description of the man :— Ho is probably English, aged 40 or 60, 5 feet C or 7 incheB in height, with a short, greyish beard and heavy eyebrows. He wore a light grey sac coat of raised pattern, light trousers, and a light rown felt hat. Tho statistics publishod by tho Government of South Australia with respect t;- the wheat harvest of 18G9-70 fully explain tbe disheartened feelings of the farmers in that colony. As against an average of OjJ bushels in 1803, the yield of last year was 5.J biisliuls, the respective totals beint; 5,17^,1)70 bushels in 18C8-G0, and only 3,052,tS20 bushels in 1800-70, the falling off representing a pecuniary loas of upwards of three-quarters of a million sterling. Of course, the surplus available for export ia inconsiderable as compared with that of former years. Local consumption, tho Register estimates, will absorb something like 1,060,000 bushels, whilst seed for 540,000 acres will make away with about 810,000 bushels more. This will leave 1,200,000 bushels, or thereabouts, unappropriated, which, at 45 bushels to the ton, will leave 26,000 tons for exportation. This, at tho best, is no great stock to fall back upon, and the returns oE pro duce sent out of tho colony show that, already, aome 14,000 tons have been shipped to outside markets. 