FROM THE WRECK. A GALLOPPING RHYME. A TRUE STORY, BY THE AUTHOR OF "ASTAROTH" (MR. A. L. GORDON). "Turn out, boys" — "What's up with our super' to night? The man's mad — Two hours to daybreak I'd swear — Stark mad — why there isn't a glimmer of light." 'Take Bolingbroke, Alec, give Jack the young mars. Look sharp. A Large vessel lies jamm'd on the reef, And many on board still, and some waslrd onshore. Ride straight with the news — they may send some relief From the township ; and we— we can do little more. Ton, Alec, yon know the near cats ; yoa can cross The 'Sagarloaf ford with a scramble I think. Don't spare the blood filly, nor yet the black hone. Should the wind rise, God kelp them, the ship wul soon sink. Old Peter's away down the paddock to drive The nags to the stockyard as fast as he can. A life and death matter ; so lads look alive." Half dress'd in the dark to the stockyard we ran. There was bridling with hurry, and saddling with haste, Confusion and cursing for lack of a moon. "Be quick with those buckles, we're no time to waste." "Blind the mare, she can use her hind legs to some tune." "Make sure of the crossing-place ; strike the old track, They've fenced off the new one ; look out for the holes On the wombat hills." "Down with the slip rails ; Stand back." ' And ride boyB, the pair of yon, ride for your souls.' In tiie low branches heavily laden witb dew. In the long grasses spoiling with deadwood that lay Where the blackwood, the box, and the bastard oak grew. Between the tall gumtrees, we gallopp'd away — We crashed through a brash fence, we splash'd through a swamp — We steered for the north near "the Eagle hawk's Nest" — We bore to the left, just beyond "the Bed Camp." And round the black tea-tree belt wheel'd to the west — We cross'd a low range sickly scented with musk From wattle-tree blossom — we skirted a marsh — Then the dawn faintly dappled with orange the dusk, And peal'd overhead the jay's laughter-note harsh, And shot the first sunstroke behind us, and soon The dim dew; uplands were dreamy --with ligbt. And foil on oar left flash'd 'the Beedy lagoon,' And sharply the ' Sugar-loaf' reared on our right A smcther'd curse broke through the bnshman's brown beard, Hie tum'd in his saddle bisbrick- color'd cheek FlushM feebly with sandawn, said, ' Just what IfoarM; Last fortnight's late rainfall has flooded the creek.' Black Bounbroke snorted, and stood on the brink One instant, then deep in the dark sluggish swirl Plunged headlong. I saw the horse suddenly sink, Till round the man's armpits the wave seem'd to curl. We fellow'd, one cold shock, and deeper we sank Then they did, and twice tried the landing in vain. The third struggle won it, straight up the steep bank We stagger'd, then out on the skirts of the plain. The stockrider, Alec, at starting had sot The lead, and bad kept it throughout: 'twas his boast, That through thickest of scrub he could steer like a shot, And the black horse was counted the best on tiie coast. The mare had been awkward enongh in the dark. She was eager and headstrong, and barely half broke; She had bad me too olose to a bigeizingybark, And had made a near thing of a crooked she oak; ' But now on the open, lit up by the mom, She flung the white foam-flakes from nostril to nock. And chased him— I hatless, with shirtaleeves all torn (For he may ride ragged who rides from a wreck)— And faster and faster across the wide heath We rode till wo raced. Then I gave Lor bar head, And she -stretching oat with the bit in her teeth— She cansht him, outpaced him, and passed him, and led. We nearM the new fence ; we were wide of the track; I looked right and left — she had never been tried At a stiff leap. 'Twas little he oared on the black. 'You're more than a mile from the gate way,' he cried. I hung to her hold, touched her flank with the spurs (In the red streak of rafl not the ghost of a She shortened her long stroke, she pricked her sharp ears. She flung it behind her with hardly a rap — I saw the post quiver where Bolingbroke struck, And guessed that the pace we had come the last mile Had blown him a bit (he could jump liko a buck). We galiopped more steadily then for a while. The heath was soon pass'd, in the dim distance lay The mountain. The sun was just clearing (he tips Of the raug's to eastward. The mere— could she stay ? She was bred very nearly as clean as Eclipse ; She led, and as oft as he came to her side She took the bit free, and pnHring as yet, Her Deck was arched double, her nostrils -were wide, And the tips of her tapering ears nearly met — 'You're lighter than I am,' said Alec at last, 'The horse is dGad teat, and the ware isn'i blown. She most be a goad one— ride on and riJe fast, You know your way now.' So I rode on alone. Still gallopping forward we passed the two flocks At Slclntyre's hut and McAllister's Hill— She was gallopping strong at the Warrigsl Bocks— On the Wallaby Range she was gallopping still — And over the wasteland, and under the wood. By down and by dale, and by fell and by fiat She galloped, and here in the stirrups I stood To ease her, and there in the saddle I sat To stear her. We suddenly struck the red loara Of the track near the troughs— then she reeled on the rise — From her crest to her croup covered over with foam, And Wood -red her nostrils and blood-Bhot her eyes, A dip in the dell where the wattle fire bloomed — A bend round a bank that had shut out the view — Iiarge framed in the mild light the mountain had loom'd With a tail purpla peak bursting out from the blue, I pull'd her together, I press'd her and she Shot down the decline to the Company's yard, And on by the paddocks, yet under my knee I could feel her heart thumping the saddle daps hard. Vet a mile and another, and now we were near The goal, and the fields and the farms flitted past, And 'twist the two fences I turned with a cheer, For a green grass-fed mare 'twas a far thing and fast ; And laborer?, roused by her gallopping hoofs, Saw bare-headed rider and foam -sheeted steed; And shone the white walls and the slate colored roofs Of the township. I steadied her then — I had need — Where stood the old chapel (where stands the new church — Since chapels to churches have changed in that town). A short sidelong stagger, a long forward lurch, A slight choking sot* and the mare had gone down. I slipp'd off the bridle, I slackened the girth, I ran on and left her and told them my news ; I saw her soon afterwards. What was she worth ? How much for her hide? She had never worn shoes. There are songs yet onscng, there are tales yet untold. Concerning yon wreck that must baffle my pen ; Let Kendall write legends in letters of gold Of deeds done and known among children of men. — Australasian. 