THE NEGRO MINSTRELS. La Feuillade's Royal Opera Comique and Weston's Minstrols met with a most enthusi- astic reception at the Theatre Royal last even- ing. Early in the evening that part of St. John-street adjacent to the theatre presented a very lively appearance-crowds were fighting their way into tho narrow entrance to the pit of the building, while the rush for the upper and dress circles was scarcely less. Shortly after the doors were opened the pit was densely o crowded, the other parts of the hoese anon r presenting an almost similar epectaole. The intense beat, added to the noise occasioned by the whistling, stamping, and shouting of the patrons of the pit was extremely unpleasant to those ladies and gentlemen possessing tender nerves. All, however, put up with these inconveniences with a good grace. The curtain rose shortly after eight o'clock, discovering eight performers, who made their bow and proceeded at once with the entertainment, which was ushered in by an overture, entitled " Young America," by the full band. This piece, which showed the proficiency of the company in the use of their inettumeats, was well received, as was also the opening chorus " Joy, joy, freedom to day." This chorus was well excouted, and proved the vocal powers of the company to be ofa really first-oloss order. Mr. Lettville's song " Write me a letter from home," was sweetly rendered and suitably acknowledged. "Sher man's March through Georgia," a song, with original chores by La Fenillado, came next, the solo being given by Warren, and the chorus by the company. It was a dashing piece, and was well performed. The ballad "She whispers of Home," in which the music was composed by La Feuillade and the words by Mr. H. B. Wilton, was sung by Mr. H. Holmes, who did full justice to the really pretty piece entrusted to him. "Sweet Isabella," a comic song, was given in a pleas ing style by Mr. Buckley, the "bones" of the company. Master James Allen sang "Nornh O'Neil" very prettily, and was do servedly applauded, but the length of the programme precluded any encores. An amusing piece, in which several nursery rhymes and the celebrated chorus from " Faust " are introduced, con cluded the first part. The second part commenced with La Feuillade's noted "Flying Squadron Galop," by the band. The "lion" of the evening, however, was the great "Golden Shoe Dance," by Messrs. Warren and Buckley, who were really compelled to repeat their performance. After a song by Mr. Holmes, La Feuillade gave a number of Scotch airs on the violin, his imitation of the bagpipes fairly bringing down the house. Then came an amusing performance, "Nicho- demus Johnson," by Mr. Buckley, followed by a duet by-Messra. Holmes and Lettville, being highly satisfactory performances. The "extravagant comedy" of" The Ghost in the Pawnshop," excited considerable merriment, the charactors being creditably sustained by Messrs. Feuillade, Buckley, and Warren Another song by Mr. Lettville, and a very seccessful entertainment was brought to a close by an extravaganza and a walk round. Throughout the evening the cus tomary jokes-some of which were not en- tirely original-were passed, and as usual rapturously opplauded. The performances will be repeated this evening. 