CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. FOURTH GENERAL ASSEMBLY. THE autumnal session commenced on Tuesday last, pro meetings being inaugurated by a devotional service, held in the Point Piper Road Church. There was a good attendance of ministers and delegates, and members of the various local churches. The Rev. G G. Howden, of Burwood, and the Rev. Thomas S. Forsaith conducted the devotional services, after which the Rev F. H Browne, of Windsor, delivered on appropriate address, founded on the sacred promise, " Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me " On Wednesday, 13th, the ministers and delegates met in the church at Ocean- street, at 10 a.m. 'The CHAIRMAN (Rev X Johnson) opened the meeting by reading a portion of Scripture and offering prayer. The PASTOR of the Church (the Rev. T. Samford) brie Hy welcomed the members of the Union. The clerical SECRETARY! introduced the Rev. W. Wood, of Oxford-street Church, Melbourne and the Rev. S. C. KENT introduced the Rev O. Copeland, late of PieMvich, near Manchester, as visitors. The CHAIRMAN, in the name of the Union, gave them the right-hand of the township. The day Secretary having submitted copies of the model trust deed, it was resolved, on the motion of the Rev W SLATYER, seconded by the Rev. T.RosEin,-" That the price of a single set of copies of the deed be fixed at £1 " The denominational statistics, as prepared for the Government, were read to the meeting. The lay SECRETARY reported applications from the Government for the names of trustees for portions of land set apart for burial grounds for Congregationalists in different parts of the country, and that the Committee of the Union had appointed certain gentlemen as trustees for such lands. The Assembly sustained the appointment. The day SECRPIARI further reported correspondence relating to an application to Government for a piece of land at Boggy Creek, on which to erect a Congregational Church the Rev. T. J. PEPPER, of Newcastle, explained that the application had been made by one who was uninformed of the principles of the denomination, and had since been withdrawn. At 1 o'clock the meeting adjourned to the school room adjoining the church, which had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, to partake of refreshments provided by the ladies of the local congregations. At 2 o'clock the ministers and delegates reassembled. The Rev. G. CHARTER, of A\ Wollongong, opened with prayer The Rev. T. HILLS, of Maitland, made a statement concerning the pup sal of his people to erect a manse. A suitable site had been procured, and he hoped that the friends would assist by their contributions. T Lo Rev. T G AIM ORD read a paper on the necessity of legislative reform of the present licensing laws. A lengthened discussion followed, during which Mr. SAMUEL GOOLD (who had given notice of an imposing a petition for adoption by the Union in favour of a permis- sive bill) withdrew his motion, whereupon a resolution was proposed by the Rev. GRAHAM, and unanimously adopted, deploring the system, and urging individual efforts in l removing reform. The session was closed by devotional services conducted by the Rev. J. Graham, the chairman pronouncing the benediction at 6 30. A large company sat down to tea in the schoolroom, at the conclusion of wine his public meeting was held in the church, the Rev. S. C Kent commencing proceedings by reading a portion of Scripture and offering prayer. The CHAIRMAN said that the usual custom of an address from the chair had been laid aside in order to give opportunity to gentlemen present to advocate the claims of various institutions connected with the body. H should call upon Mr. Mullens to speak on behalf of Camden College. Mr. MULLENS made a brief statement of the financial position of this College, appealing to the Church for ii creoEid supplies. He was followed by the Rev. T J PEÍ I LU of Is an castle, who in an admirable speech enforced the claims of the College. Mr. JOHN FAiniAx then laid before the meeting a statement ceremony the use and progress and present position of the Colonial Missionary Society, and was followed by the Rev. S. J GREW of Campbelltown, who gave an interest mc account of his labours in the country districts by and Campbelltown, and urged the necessity of increased efforts to support and extend the operations of the society. 'The Rev W. WOOLS delivered on animated address on behalf of Home and Foreign Missions, and the business was brought to a close by the fixed gy being sung, after which the CHAIRMAN pronounced the benediction. 