THE GOLD ROBBERY AT BALLARAT. Fon some months.past the directors.of (lie Great Northern Junction Gold Mining Company have suspected that an extensive and systematic robbery of gold was tukin<» place, and they accordingly took steps to put a stop to tne IOBS of gold and to detect tho thieves, the matter being put in the hands of the detectives Hyland, Berilli autf Eason. Ou Tuesday afternoon Detectives Berrili and Eason waited about the claim ' until the day-shift came up at four o'clock, and arrested five men who were on their way home. Their names are Thomas Rashleigh, aged 21; Silns May, aged 29; Christopher Tonkin, aged 25; Joseph Raberls, aged 24; and John Huggins alias Welsh, aged 23. These men were searched soon after their arrest, and 2oz. of gold wag found in Tonkiu's cap, 2oz. in Rashleigh's tobacco pouch, and about Loz. in a piece of clay in the pocket of Huggius' trowsers. No gold was found on the person of the other two men, but from information in the possession of the police they were detained and the evidence is likely to be stron" against (hem. The fivewere then conveyed to the Western police station and charged with having stolen gold from the claim of the Great Northern Junction Company on the 22nd February. Preparations wero . then made to search all the men that went below at four o'clock. A small space at ojia corner of the brace was enclosed with piles of timber, lanterns were hung arounJ, and candles stuck about, in order to afford plenty of light while the searching profess was going on. Everything was managed so that tho men below, who were to come up at midnight, should hear nothing of this. At about 11 o'clock, Mr. J. T. Sleep, chairman of directors, with three of the directors, Messrs Colvin, Hocking, and Hathorne, proceeded to the claim with Berili, Easton, and Hyland, with constables Smith and Kelly. Several of the surface men were pressed^ into the service, and, after the searching-room had been arranged, the men were put in their places, A dozen men, with the three detectives and const a l>lo Smith, were placed round the shaft ready to lead the men into the searching-room when they arrived at the surface, while constablo Kelly was stationed at the steps to prevent those who had been searched from comin<* up agHin. Can'lh-s were stuck about in nil directions, and Easton gave the finishing touch to the searching-room by caulking the crcvices in the planks carefully with paper, to prevent the men getting rid of any gold they might have upon their persons by dtop. ping it through the cracks. At ahout halfpast eleven, E.iston, while looking round, found a piece of gold over an ounce in weight, dropped close to one of the puddling machines. This looked rather suspirious, but no one knew how the grid got ihero. The men below being ready to ascen-1, the signal was given to (he engine driver, and up came the first cage with four men. Tliev looked rather astonished at the blaze of light, and still more so when they were quietly tapped on the shoulder by the detectives and led into the searching-room. The men all appeared to tnke tno matter very coilly. One Cornishinnn made a slight objection, but when t<»ld by Mr. Sleep that the whole of tho men in the shaft would be searched he made no further objection. The first lot of tnen were 11 all wed to pass on, as no gold was f.iund on them. The same with the second cage-load, and the third load, four truckers, were allowed to go without being searched. Of the four men in the fourth cage-lo id one, Abraham George, was detained, as in his trowsers pocket was found a piece of clay with about half anOUUCQ of gold in it. George professed not to be able to account for the gold being there, but the directors and detectives, thinking that, in the ordinary course of nature, small pieces of gold were not iu the habit of sticking all together to a piece of clay, aud then getting into a man's trowsers pocket, kept George iu custody. There were some sixty or seventy men in the shift, but excepting the case of George, no more gold was found. As the brace became crowded with men about to go below, the company adjourned to the office, aud George was formally 4 arrested and cautioned, and the gold found upon his person was examined. The direc- * tors; police, and prisoner then started for Ballarat. The searching of the four meu who came up in each cage of course occupied some little time, and the meu were not all brought to the surface as quickly as usual. ThiB caused the men below to suppose that the mine was about to be swamped again; and in the panic one man whewo name we could not in the hurry ascertain, actually climbed up 300 feet of ladders up the pumpshaft, in his alarm. When ho arrived at the surface shivering with cold, and dripping with the water "that bad been .falling upon him during his ascent, he wan, -'to his surprise, "collared," by Constablo 'Kelly, but after being searched he was let go. "The wholo affair was managed very well, for none of the men that came up seemed to be aware of the preparations for a search above. Over six and a half ounces of gold was found upon the men arrested yesterday, and as it is now known that a system of robbery has been going on for some time, the company must have lost a great deal of gold. Fully £500 worth of gold that has been sold by different men has been traced back to tho claim, and a largo quautitj of tho gold is now in Mr. Sleep's possession. The prisoners all appear at the District Police Court on Thursday, when tho wholo of tho facts will bo made public. MlSAMBOPBtATION O* TBUB* MONETB.— Thomas Taylor, aged thirty, wasbrough^up Bt the Melbourne Citj Court, on Saturday last, charged with having, in June last, converfefl to his o wn useand benefit, with intent to defraud Anne Jonap, certain property, namely £600", with which he had been en- "trusted for her benefit. It appeal* an application was made for remand of the case to Sandhurst. Mr. Wisewould, in opposing it said (occording to the Argus report) that, it was of a piece with the dastardly uature of the offence committed by the prisoner,' who, as a minister of the Gospel, bad got to B man's bedside when lie waa dying, had made his-will for him. "taking care to appoint himself an executor, iflong with another Taylor,'whether a relation •or net Mr. Wise would «ould not say, whom he appointed co-executor and had then taken care to help himself to the whole of the dead man's property, which was between £800 and £900 in cash. There was no necessity For the case being heard in Sandhurst. Every tiling belonging to him there hail been HOM off, and be had been playing hide-and-seek in Melbourne,! where he was 'ultimately arrested. It was well-known that it was with great difficulty that the woman Jones, now in Melbourne, wan enabled to carry on the case againrft 1ttie prisouer and it was now sought to put a stop to 'the uroeeediftgs by removing the case to Sandhurst, and i ; hus taking it out of her reach. The property, hrliicb was between £W)0 and £900, was all in hard cash, arid was obtained in Melbourne, and ,paid over 'in a solicitor's office in Melbourne t'i'tlie prisouer. The case was reinnn- •ded to Wednesday, when Taylor was committed for trial.—Empire. A GOOD PERFORMANCE. — Yesterday' imorning a bullock, with a piece of rope hanging from his neck, got away from his drovers on >theway from shipboard to where- •cver liis proper destination was, and at •length took up his quarters on'the 'vacant igrouud in front of the police barracko, between Pitt and Elizabeth streets. Here a •crowd soon collected, and after some quint icovvs had been brought .there, a regular battue commenced. All sorts of shooters •und weapons were brought into requisition, i The mounted police were •and when seven shots had been fired at the ^unfortunate beast without effect, he was driven into the police yard, where ei^lit !inore att«m|its were made, and not until the fifteenth eliot did-BUceess crown the efforts •of tnese crack shooters. Apart from this •absurdity of firing so often at a bullock, there was, yesterday, no mnall amount -of •danger attending the proceeding; and the necessity was very apparent for calling on ••some qualified wurkyinan to op emergencies. Luckily, certainly not bv .good management, no one was hnrt by "a •stray bullet; but the Christ Church schoolboys hnd a narrow cscape inde d, one bull passing right anions a number of the n who ' were in the verandah, and went, through thu -sieve of one named -Frederck Duncan. 'This created a good deal of alarm anion-; itlie lads, and Mr. Turfcon (the master), took ;young Duncan to the persons who wore •shooting to show how tlmv were 6i)Jnn^erant; people's lives. What Ratisl'iction lie received w * are not aware; but, at any rate, people who,were entrusted with gups ofanv' (kind lo shoot a wild bullock, ouglit lo have •had more sense than to fire in t.lie direction •of a>large number of persons, or evm of -one individual. It was the less le lieie, as the uliot which went so near doing •irrep irahle injury was tir.-d when tho bnllo.-k was in a ;putiitioii to be approached from •every side-; and aftiTwac^u. when iie'W.ss in llw yard, he jiave nmple jipporl unity for shouting him, when the shot, if ineffective, would have been stopped by a dead wall. T ; iere wus nev< itha direction of the school, «T of Pitt-str.-et. Willi regard to this case, the que.-tion of 'driving cattle in the city between ceitain hours rosy well be brought prominently b«- •foro the municipal authorities with a view to •lo the stopping of so dangerous a practice.— JUmpire. A SENSATION-AX YARN INDEKD. — Ghost •stories are beginning to lose interest, people not being so cruduLus as they wero iu -iavs •of yore; the scribeus often put toliis-wit'.* eud for " something-new," and "hence we 'have some remarkably curious discoveries. But the following, from the Monaro Mercury, 'is about the best we have seen:—" An aiiec- 'dote of an extraordinary character l«is been •current in Cooma during the past few weeks; and as it.is gi»en out by a go«»ip in town as "gospel truth," we veuture to pufc- 'lish the outlines, leaving them to be discussed by our readers. Some few.years back •a young couple on Monaro took it into their heads to be made one "forbetter, for worse." After a respectable period of time had •elapsed, they were blessed with a family-re- 'Wetnbraucer that left no doubt as to ire .paternity, :filliug the hearts of-its parents •with great joy, as should always be the case. Of course the little one would have to be •christened. Here the first "little difficulty " •presented itself, the blest parents being of •different porsuiwions. The head of the 'tamily assertedliis privelegea aud demanded ithal the pretty stranger should be baptized 'in the faith orthodox of his forefathers. To this his "better half" demurred (there is not a married reader who can doubt it), the •lady adding that she " would sooner have 'the arm cilt off her before-ahe would have it •christened in another Church." In the end the lady came off victorious in the marital •contest. We need not Eo to the length of recording in print the name of (he fairy nnuocent "bone of contention.; " suffice-it to say thatitisstilUlive and kicking. Now, # e »trangeBt part of the story comes.. A.uotuer child was boru unto this happy housethold—io be sure, there is nothing at all singular about such an occurrence as that. But 6 a | ort *said " gossip" declares that the second olive brauch is minus of that part of • the arm whjch should be attached to! the elbow. A recent christening at a church in Ajopma was the means of briuging this mysterious affair to'light, and we have as yet no cause for doubting the accuracy of tho narrauve, as it was Kivon in all sincerity and >w l ™ -"my pious ejaculations." . a CciPTun op A cciDKKTa:—Afi accident •occurred ou Tuesday ovoniug at' -tlifiKloftil 'mercial corner, whereby u mwu named ^acarthy, a sawyer residiug at the CrosH- B-oads broke his leg. MacVth^ridlia ®etfrr-half v iing, and^ *e^rto^av¥^eiFIifdulplfigii fittle too freely at some of the public houses. Mrs. Macartny a short time before the accident might have been Beep, doing battle with some men at the corner 'of the Commercial, and driving all before her. About sundown the happy couple prepared to go heme in their cart. Mrs. Macarthy was already seated and her husband- berrag up in front of'thejtcart when tthe horse started off, and the unfortunate man foil under the.wbeels, ,«ne «f which passing over hia leg, caused a severe'fracture just below the kuee, The leg having been bound in a pillow by Dr. Lyons, the man was tat en to the' hospital, where he still lies. Yesterday msrnnig Mrs! Macarthy made another start 'for home-; but bad not gotfarther than Newtown when she pulled up for more spiritual comfort, leaving her horse aud cart with a lit lie boy Standing in the roaJ. The berse started off and galloped madly for some -diirtaace. The boy was thrown or jumped out.fortBnatefly "without injury, and the cart was finally carried ngainst a stump -and smashed. Se ends M<-s. Macarthv'e unlucky trip to Wagga ; her husband in the hospital, her cart brdkeu into ,pieces, and herself, from all accounts, nut much better —rather a dear price to pay for a spree." —W. W, Advertiser. ; ANOTHER LEAD ATFD SIT.TER MINE.— For some considerable time jpast Mr. Eossiier has been prospecting and testing au apparently iticb lode of lead and silver ore at Goba Creek, about ten miles from Burrowa, and situate on the run df Mr. W. I). Campbell. A large extent of the ground has been leased by Mr. Eosarter, und several men are now employed sinking shafts, the ore showing itself, to be plentiful and rich in quality. An assay of ordinary specimens has been made, which gave 36 per cent, of lead, and 75 the ton of-«re. We expect shortly to be able to give a full description of the locality and a reliable statement uf the appearancc of the different lodes, now in course of being pierced with a view of testing .their depth and value.—Yass Courier. THE PETITION AQA^ST THE BETCEN OF Ma. FiTZfATRrcK. — We understand thai Mr, G. Milner Stephen, the counsel for the petitioner against the return of Mr. Fiizpatrick as member for Yass Plains, publicly states that it is his intention, in the event of liis succeeding in ousting the present member. : to offer hipiself as a «andidaito. Although Mr. Stephen asserts that hundreds •of \oles have been promised in h ; s behalf, we -venture to express an opini »n thit he will—'ia the eveat-ef a chance being offered, Which vedo not £1)1 uk at fdl likely—find his talents even less recognised by Yass electors than was the case by those fur the Goldfields South at the recent election. Mr. Stephen's hope of entering Parliament is not likely evt>r to he realised, if he waits for .the electors of Yass Plains to send him there. Whatever may be the decision of t'i© committee, it is likely that Mr. ^itzpatriuk wi/1 be invited a public banquet wi ¥ass—if -unseated, after his re-election, which'is believed to be a certainty. STIIANQEBB IN THE WATERS OF TIIE MUR- UUMBISGEK. — A huge amphibious animal has lately been seen «n the banks and in the waiers of the Murrurnbidg'-e a shout distance below the confluence of the Queanbeyan with that fiver, tfirom all nccotiutg it appearsito be exceedingly wary and dives to tl:e bottom of .the rivur oil tlie'les-stfJa m. Wli^tov^r the aniinahis it is-evidently mak- -nig its w!ay v np the river, ns : 'l,i( seen -in tt.'C vicinity of Yeumberra. One -person who saw it described it as being about eigh eeu feet long and said it was accompanied by another, aud sinal er apparently its calf.—A less disagreeable new comer in 'the river has been taken in two or three-iitatances by anglers this season—a fi.-h (.-aid to be tlid bream, and common to the waters below Wagga Wagga) of a silvery culoXir. having 'Very small scales, a Himill raouili, and of similar proportions to T the herring. It is-of delicious flavour, and like the river lobster has but rece ltly found its way to the upper regions of-the Murrumbidgee.—Queanbfiyati Aye. SuiciBR OR MURKER —AND TIRASEIRETTE- MEOT.—Some days ago a legal geutleman, •who'iu sultry •weather is partial to strolling to the Yass River for a bath, was disportiug himself'in the pellucid stream, when—oh, horror—his hand grasped what he supposed (to be a lady's crinoline in-the water, and as there was a heavy weight attached to it, the conclusion was at ouce arrived at that a human body had been discovered, ar.d th:it either a foul murder or a deliberate suicide had <4akeu plane, and the atrocious d«ed likely thus accidentally *to be brought to light, "" Murder will out," and the stripped bather-steed for sone moments horrified at the discovery lie had made. After due con «ideration the ho((p of tl*c crinoline was again seized, and a second tug at it caused the- original supposition to become almost a certaiirty. The body of a tfemale, mayhap .VBung and once beauteous, 'lay there, periapa brutally murdered—possibly, weary of the world, deceived, betrayed, aud forsaken, she had ended her misery "byauicide:! What 'Was t«) be done? Drag it to the bank—impossible! We^resume all thepnw afid eous likely te arise in a legal mind were as seriously pondered- over and ^weighed as the agination likely fellow the discovery "under such ^circumstances of a human body tliat had been subjected ito a violent death, permitted, and the result of the grave deliberation, made in a state-ef nudity amidstream, was—if a body is enwrapped—as is most likely—in the portion df dress discovered, it —•eione dead for a certainty; 'it is therefore unlikely that its position will be altered until the next freshet "occurs iu tho river. There is (uo appearance of this occurring at preaent-T-at anyrate, I .shall have time to dress and reach the .police batracks. whuu I ciin remove'the overpowering responsibility resting on my shoulders ou to those of 'the broader-shouldered sub-inspector of;police. Happy thought 1 Hurrying to the baiik, a iharty toilet was made, followed by a quick march to the police barracks, where the horrible tale wasduly, graphically, ifeelingly, aud carefully unfolded. Great, excitement en- 8Ued-^Uif} ,?pot WAS accurately deBcribcid-— grappling irons wore luinted up—arid a rush made for the sceue of the munier or suicide. The services of Mr. 'Lyons, "tho assistant pouudkeepec, woro callud in :by tho .police, and by Jivuig repeatedly hB came-aEroaB the crinoline. Meantime the-original dtaooverer hurried to his stable, mounted in all haste hie steed, and flew to the spot, which he was successful in.reaching in time to witneBB the denouement—a hoop, with apiece of sacking attached, which some juvenile 'had teen fin the habit ef using ito •catch 'Cray-fish !—Yass Courier:. BUSHRANGIKG nr YICTOHIA.—The followg, from the Leader, will show that the Victorian police sometimes find discretion to be the better part; of valour, ia the face of a bushranger:—Power, the bushranger, is again to the ' for-e,' as information was received -in itown on-25th ultimo to ithe effect that three carriers named George Baker. Samuel Spariiiff, and — Pridmore, had been stuck up on the Sydney road, about 3 miles from Aveuel, and £15 10s. taken from them. From the meagre descriptiun yet to hand, it appears .that Power, mounted on a bright bay horse, rode out from the bush about 10 a.m., and ordered them to bail up, which they did w tliout offering auy resistance, and having relieved them of their money, be quietly rode away without their making any attempt to stopbim. Power,the bushranger, has again made his appearance, and this •time within ten miles of Yea, where on Friday last he >wan daring enough to stick-up a mounted true,pur named Michael Tighe, who was proceeding from Broadford to Eea. About one .p.m. the trooper was between King Parrot Creek aud Tea, within ten miies of the latter place, aud was leading two horses. He had occasion to pass very close to a brush fence, when hearing a voice calling out te him to stop, he looked up and saw a man with a double-barrelled gun levelled at him. The man (who is identified as Power) said, "If you move I will blow the contents of this through you," and ordered him to give up his Colt's six-barrelled revolver, -valned at £7. After itaking the revolver ie again levelled his guu at the constable, and was evidently ab:>ut to fire, saying, "I-will shoot some of you police, as they a:e pressing me very hard. Two of thein pursued mu very close last night." He then put the revolver iu his belt, where he already had two, and another man named Farquhar M'Kenzie coming up at the time, he took from him his horse, saddle, and bridle, and rode off in the direction of the Upper Goulburn or Plenty Kanges. The two men do not appear t« have offered auy resistance, but allowed him lo help himself to anything he wanted. DEATH FROM SNAKE-BITE.—A truly-sen- sational, yet melancholy snake story has reached us for the truth of which however, we cannot vouch. A young girl named Eliza Randall, residing at Jerrawa, left her home a few mornings since to shepherd a number of sheep; and not having returned at the usual times, she was sought for, and found seated by the trunk of a tree, with mouth open and eyes widely distended, as if suffer- ing from fright. Startling to relate, she was a corpse, though retaining the same position as while living. On removing the body, a large snake was found coiled up on the spot where the unfortunate girl had been sitting. The story does not state that the reptile was despatched.—Burrowa Express. DEATH IN THE BUSH.—From parties who have just returned from a visit to the Lower Lachlan and the back blocks, we learn that the body of an old man has been found in the bush, near Mossgiel Station, with his throat cut vertically. From the papers found on the body, he is supposed to have followed the occupation of a schoolmaster, and died by his own hand when suffering from the effects of thirst. His swag was found by a man coming in from the Darling, and left at the head station a few day's before the old man's body was found.—The body of another man was found in the back country about seven miles from a shanty ; the man was known to have been fencing. He had been on the spree, and he is supposed to have perished in the bush while in the horrors, brought on by excessive indulgence in drink.—Lachlan Reporter. MAGISTERIAL ENQUIRY. — A magisterial enquiry was held at Bathurst last week on the body of William Beaumont, the land- lord of the Clarendon Hotel. From the evidence of deceased's wife, it appeared that about three o'clock in the morning, in con- sequence of her husband not having gone to bed, she got up to ascertain the cause, when she found him lying in the bar parlour insensible ; she immediately sent for Dr. Machattie, but his aid was of no avail, the unfortunate man never recovered conscious- ness, and died in about two hours. The following is the evidence of the medical man, as taken from the Bathurst Free Press: — Richard Machattie, having been sworn, stated : I am a legally qualified me- ical practitioner and reside in Bathurst ; this morning, about three o'clock, I was roused out of bed by constable McCabe and the witness Eades, and summoned to attend the deceased, William Beaumont, who was stated to be in a fit or otherwise dying ; I immediately proceeded to the house and found the deceased lying on his back in the hall; his breathing was stertorous, eye in- sensible to light, in fact the deceased seemed to be dying from compression of the brain; there were no external marks of violence, with the exception of a bruise on the left side of the head and left ear, which seemed a if produced by the deceased having fallen heavily against some hard substance, such as the corner of the table alongside of which he was lying, or a severe blow from some heavy blunt instrument; I have made a post mortem examination of the body, and found a severe bruise on the left side of the head, and fracture of the skull extending through a portion of the frontal, temporal, and pari- etal bones ; on laying the skull open, I found a very large effusion of blood on the brain ; I have no doubt that death was caused by rupture of blood vessels on the brain: the brain in several places showed appearances of softening, which, I am of opinion, was producod by a too frequent indulgence in spirituous liquors.; I observed that the skull was unusually thin, especially where the fracture was. A Diamosd FEOM TUB Ltin-E EIVEE. We were shown yesterday at the Omental Bank a diamond which was (bund Usi week by a digger at Little Eiver. It is of a beautiful pale yellow,, cast, einhtsided, and weighs a little over two carats.—Jiruiduiood Dispalck. 