TALES AND SKETCHES. SANCHA. [FROM THE ARGOSY.] ¶ "Sancha, my darling ! This time you shall not escape; you shall not fly away, like a little frightened bird.”A pause, and then a few syllables of murmured protest followed these words, which, abrupt and foolish as they read here, had been uttered in tones of impassioned fervor. "The Marquesa has no control over me. "Sancha, darling, do you not trust me? Only let me hear you say, 'Duarte, I love you !' only once." It was clearly a conversation at which I was not required to assist, and I hastily turned down another walk in the garden. I had recognised the voices as those of the young Baron Tejal and the pretty Sancha Folcado, humble com- panion to his sister, the cold, proud Donna Ca- milla, widowed Marquesa Logrono. ¶ We resided in a western suburb of Lisbon, called Buenos Ayres. Our house stood high, and faced a calcada that sloped steeply down towards the principal thoroughfare between Lisbon and Belem, running parallel to the river. From the window where I generally sat at my work, I ; could see through the geraniums and heliotropes on the balcony, down the calcada, where the sun gleamed hot on the slippery blocks of native marble that stood in lieu of pavement, to a large fountain at the corner of the main street. I could see the Gallegos filling their gaily painted barrels; and tho cries of "quim quiere agoa fresca!" echoed up the hill, with refreshing sound. On each side of this calcada were "palacios," as they were called ; large, white, many-windowed houses, with great, green, double-winged doors, through which the lumbering carriages could drive to the foot of the broad marble stairs leading to the dwelling-rooms. ¶ In one of the largest of theso mansions lived the Baron Tejal, and with him his sister. To the back of the hoiiso were magnificent gardens, and thoso who were on Donna Camilla's visiting list, were privileged to walk there, or to bring their work .; to 'the square marble terrace overlooking the bright Tagus and the Alem Togo mountains ; a terrace where was a flashing fountain all shaded and overhung with a luxuriance of Cape jessa- mine, that caught the cool drops on its dark polished, leaves, and pink-tipped richly scouted flowers, and tossed them up sparkling to the sun. ¶ Donna Camilla and several of her friends were on the torraco, and in their conversation I was qtot much interested. Donna Camilla was an olive-complexioned, hard-featured woman, about thirty years of age, whose profound ignorance upon every possible subject was only equalled by her pride and superstition. She had set her mind upon her brother's marriage with a bride she had chosen for him amongst the English residents. There was at Lisbon at that time a Lady Ashurst and her daughter, whom the Marquesa much esteemed. Lady Ashurst was almost as illiterate as Donna Camilla herself j but she was also vulgar, which. Donna Camilla was not. Lady Ashurst was the widow of a north country manu facturer who had been knighted for some reason or other, and Donna Camilla was firmly per suaded that her ladyship belonged to the English arist'Oeracy ; her vulgarity was set down to insular eccentricity, and I frequently smiled to hear. Donna Camilla airing provincialisms caught from her friend as choice phrases of idiomatic English. Lady Ashurst was very rich, there was no mis take about that ; and Patty, the only child, was heiress to all the wealth. She was short, fat, and red-haired, , and we used to call her, rather irreverently, 'the golden ball.' This golden ball, Donna Camilla was desirous her brother should secure to himself. ¶ Tired of the inane talk that was going on, I had left the terrace, and wanderod down a shady bcrccau, when I overheard the fragment of con- versation I have repeated. We liked the Baron ; he was an agreeable, courteous, rather senti mental young man, v ith a slight, graceful figure, and dreamy dark eyes ; quite a hero of romance in Sancha's eyes I have no doubt. Sancba was very lovely, one of those facts that remind us of peris or houris, . or any of those imaginary Eastern beings ; she was also lively and intelli gent. Donna Camilla treated her with favor, keeping her by her side, and introducing her to the company that assembled at the house. She was a great acquisition, for she sang delightfully, and was altogether a charming little person. I had before suspected what now I knew — that the Baron's affections inclined more towards Sancha's bright eyes than towards the golden charms of Miss Ashurst ; and I trembled for the poor girl ; there was an expression in the Marquesa's eyes and lips tliat showed she could bo both cruel and unrelenting. ¶ After that day spent in the Baron's garden, I went to stay a fortnight at a friend's quinta, to be present at the vintage ; but in the midst of that gay and exciting scene, my mind often adverted to pretty little Sancha and that danger ous love-making of Dom Duarto's. I went to tbo Marquesa's open-evoning the week I returned ,t'o .town, and my eyes immediately sought Sancha : but in vain ; she was not present. I moreover noticed that the Baron was pale, melancholy, distrait. I took an opportunity of inquiring of Donna Camilla after nor missing favorite, but was mot byadrawing-in of the thin lips and a dark frown, with an intimation that Sancho Folcado was no more to be spoken of in that house; and she added a few words that horrified mo, but that I did not believe. . Sancha was gone ; .that at any rate was true ; driven out in disgrace as I could clearly perceive. .Then came on the rainy season; when the -water rushed and roared down the calcada, sweeping away the dust and earth that had accumulated about the marble blocks during the summer, and leaving them white, and glittering. There was no roaming in the Baron's garden ; n'o going out at all. The Martinmas summer followed, and nature sprang out afresh like Aphrodite rising from the waters ; and our walks wero re sumed. ¶ The Baron seldom appeared amongst us now ; he was evidently in deep dejection ; he used to pace up and down the most solitary paths, or lean over the terrace wall gazing at the river for the; hour together without speaking. If Donna Camilla had thought to win her brother over to her project. by sending Sancha away, she had failed completely. I. felt' impatient with Dom ;Duarto ; I could not understand why he should go mooning about, instead of boldly following his lady love— for I took it for granted she had been sent home to her father — a sort of gentleman farmer, if growing vines and olives can properly be' called farming, near Busilhas. I thought to myself that Sancha was worthy of a bolder lover. ; On the site whero the cathedral now stands, was once a Moorish mosque of largo size ; this had been converted into a Christian church but had subsequently been shattered by earthquake. The present smaller cathedral was tb/on erected on part of the ancient site, but behind the modern building are remains of massive walls, and horseshoe arches, and caurts where orange trees grow. A flight of broken steps leads to, the top of ono of the old walls, so broad that a few poor cottages have found a nestling place there. One of these tiny vine-covered dwellings bo longed, when I, was there, to the keeper of the sacred crows of St. Vincente, who resided in the odor of sanctity in one of the courts below. The keeper was a good-natured little man, and I easily obtained permission to make a sketch of his picturesque cottage and of part of the Moorish ruins. ? : ? ? . ?Ono morning I proceeded to avail myself of his permission with my skotching-book and colors. As I, turned an angle of the ruins to reach the point of view I'wished to take for my picture, a slight figure clothed in black and closely veiled darted past me, and entering one of the cottages I have mentioned, closed the door after her. The apparition startled mo, the place was so retired ; the rustle of silk and the flutter of lace seemed as much out- of place there as my own ap pearance doubtless was to the aboriginal inhabi tants. . -,,'?.' . ? The next day I returned to complete my sketch. I was just touching in the scarlet geraniums that grew so luxuriantly about the old arches, forming acoVort for the wild birds ? that flew in and out with chirp and twitter, when I was sur prised by hearing my name pronounced in a sweet, low voice — a voice that I knew. I started up, throwing down my sketching-materials in my cagorness, and turning, clasped Sancha in my arms. Sho looked up in my face tearfully, tremblingly. 'Oh, I am so glad !' she cried. ' You do not boliovo it then, that horrible thing slio said of me 1' As I seated myself again, leaving room for lior bsside mq, she sank at ray feet, looking at mo with pleading, piteous oyes. f'You do not boliove it ? she repeated. 'Not one word,?' said I, drawing her on to the seat beside inc. Sho pressed hor lips on my hand as it hold hors, and then laid her cheek against it with the caressing action of a child. 'But Sancha, I am so surprised ! How do you happen to bo here in this queer out-of-the-way nookf I quite thought— I hoped that you wero at homo with your father.' 'Ah, no I' she exclaimed with a frightened expression. 'If he know he would bo so unhappy ! Besides, how could I go ? How could I get there all by myself ?' This was true when I camo to think of it. There was no railroad, not oven a stage coach; nothing but a road for mules. How could the poor little thing travel all by herself, whon oven I, littlo as I cared for what ppoplo said or thought in a general way, did not daro to venture oven this far, without my factotum, Manocl, at my back ; was ho not hang ing about the cathedral waiting to escort mo homo, oven now ? How could sue go indeed ? Sancha's tears began to fall at mention of her fathor. I comforted her as well as I could, and then begged her to tell mo all that had happened, and to lot me try if I could not help her in soiiio way. . We woro sitting upon a block of stone thrown down .by the earthquake's throes long ago, with no auditors but the birds. The wall of the cathe- dral rising up blauk and massive, throw its shadow over us as wo sat ; the noise of the city was only heard afor off, like the murmur of the distant sea ; and there Sancha told me all. How Dom Duarte had wooed her and sought her love: how Donna Camilla had discovered it, and had driven her from the houso with such words as no , woman ought to iiso to another; how she had fled in the dusk of the evening, and taken refuge hero, with an old woman who had. been her mother's nurse. 'And Dom Duarte? does ha know where you are?' 'No !' she exclaimed, ? ' I did not think so much of the ? difference be tween us at first ; but now I know ho can never marry a poor girl like me. If I were to let him follow me, what would he think of me ? You will not tell him, Menina 1' No — I would not tell him; yet,' at aHy rate. I understood tho causo of his melancholy now, and thought if as well that he should suffer a littlo longer, till ho had proved what metal he was made of . 'But your father, Sanoh/a?' I asked, after a few minutes' silence. ' My father knows nothing,' sho replied hastily. 'See,' she added, taking a letter from her pockoi;, ' this camo the very day that cruol woman found out that Dom Duarco leved me.' Sho spoko tha last words in a low tone, lingering over them as if they wero very sweet to her ; I could see plainly enough that the dark-eyed young Baron had not ' * spoken in vain. I pressed her littlo hand as I took the letter she wished me to read ; such a loving letter- ! written by one little accustomed to the pen perhaps, but so good, so tender, with a dash of the poetical withal. "The roses are blooming and the birds are singing just as when thou werfc here, Sanchita minha ;' so it ran. ' But the flowers have no perfume, the bird's song no sweetness to thy old father while his darling is away. It is more than a year since thou hast left me, querida —too long for the few years I may have to live : come back to me ; come back that I may hold thee in my arms and bless thee once more. If thou ' dost not come, I will seek thee: for life without my Sanchita is empty.' 'Have you answered this?' I inquired. 'Yes,' sho re plied. ' I answered it after I camo here, — I told him that I was happy — that they were kind to me— that I did not wish to leave.' 'But, Sancha— was not that wrong ?' ' Wrong, to try to keep one we love from being unhappy ?' She lifted her lovely eyes to mine, inquiringly. 'I think, dear, it is always wrong to deceive, even from a kind and loving motive.' ' What would you have me do V ' Tell the truth, and trust in tjod,' I anBwered. Mass was being celebrated in the cathedral ; while we were talking we heard strains of music ; and how the 'Salutaris Hostia' rose and swelled the air. I held my breath to listen ; Sancha listened too, and crossed herself; then she looked at me. 'Ah!' sho whispered, 'you are so good, and yet you area heretic.' 'We had botter not talk too much about any one's goodness,' I replied ; and then I thought for a minute. My first impulse was to tako Sancha home with me ; but in that case I could not keep her ' concealed from the Baron, who was in tha habit of calling in at unexpected times. As for ' . any quarrel with Donna Camilla, that gave mo no concern. 'Tell me,' I said at last, 'is old Padrilla good to you ?' ' Oh, yes .' very good — vory kind.' Another pause. ' Sancha, will you trust me?' 'Have I not trusted you 1' 'Let mo write to your father ; you 'ought to be with him ; if he knew all he would certainly come for ' you.' Sancha changed color, and hung her head. ' He would be so unhappy,' she persisted. ' But' he must know. It is of no use to go on trying to deceive Min, even putting the question of right on one side ; and if he should come to Lisbon — if he should hear the Marquesa's story first ?' ' Ai Maria' !' Sancha exclaimed, becoming perfectly white with terror. ' Yes, write — write ! Ho will believo you ; they say the English tell tho truth.' I made her give me her father's address, and then I rose hastily to go, for I saw Manoel's face - jjeeping in at the archway far down belowy and knew that ho had come to warn me that it was time to return home, before the sun attained tha meridian. Sancha noticed him, and drew her veil closely over her face. I embraced her, pro mising to see her again in a few days; then I , descended the steop flight of broken steps, and joined my attendant, listening penitently to his remonstrances about the risk of exposing myself to the noon-day sun. I was sitting at my window, all in cool white, thinking of my morning's ad venture. I had written my letter to 8enhor Folcado; I was sure the best thing for Sancha ! would be to return home to hej father ; thenT whon sho was under proper protection, the Baron might bo told where she was to be found, and if 1 his love was worth anything, ho might follow her, and ask her of her father in a manly, straight- ' forward manner. ; , I was leaning my cheek on my hand, with my !facb turned towards the open window, while these reflections were passing through my mind. All at once my attention was attracted by a person issuing from the doorway of the palacio Tejal. ; He was an old man with gray hair hanging upon jhis shoulders; he was dressed in the garb of a, countryman, with leather gaiters, embroidered : jacket, scarlet sash, and high-crowned hat. This '. costume proved him not a Lisbonese, for tho city folk all affected the French fashions ; but this was not what fixed my gazo ; quintoiros and vinnodors were common enough to be seen. It was the countenance and manner of the man that startled me ; he reeled from the door almost like one intoxicated, and then he looked up at the front of the house, raising his arms with a wild gesture, as if calling down a curse upon it. Then he walked rapidly away down the calcada, still gesticulating vehemently, and striking tho ground now and then fiercely with the staff ho held in his hand. The conviction came across me like a lightning flash. It was Folcado, Sancha's father ; and he had heard the Marquesa's story. My heart seemed to stand still for the moment. ' What might bo the consequences if he wore to find Sancha in his present mood V I knew the hot blood of these men ; I knew ho would bo capable of striking his daughter to the earth in his. wrath, before any explanation could bo given. I started _, up _ breathlessly. To have rushed down the street in my flowing whito robes, at tho risk of being takon for a ghost or a lunatic would have been a small matter ; but ho had far the start of me, and_ was striding along faster than I could run. I seized the hand- boll, and rang it violently, then hurried to the door, calling ' Manool — Manoel !' But whon I heard Manoel come lumbering up-stairs at the summons, it all at once struck mo — What was it I was going to say or do ? In the first place, this man whom I had seen must already be lost in the crowded thoroughfare ; and how did I know after all that he was Sancha's father ? It was only my own imagination that had led mo to such a conclu sion — there was nothing to bo done, as it ap peared. ' It was a mistake — some one I thought I saw — never mind,' said I to my factotum, as I dismissed him to the garlic and tobacco smoke imbued existence he carried on in the basement. But for myself — I could not res.t. I toak up my book and laid it down again a dozen times, and was elad when dinner- timo came and our family assembled round the table, that I might bo diverted from my own thoughts. Tho day's adventures however, wero not thus to end. The gontlemen of our party Lad an engagement that evening. I was alone in tho drawing-room. I had been trying over some now music by way of passing the timo, and had just risenjfrom.tho- piano, when the ominous sound of a bell struck upon my car. I knew the sound well, and nover heard it Avithout a shudder. It was the sign that the priests from the neighbor ing churcn of St. Sacramento do Lapo were' carrying tho viaticum, to some one who was dying. ? : ? I wont to the window, and lifting tho curtain looked out. The moon way shining brightly. I saw tho procession distinctly ; tho incense burners in front, the Host' borne under a canopy. The bearers were hurrying fast — fast. It was evidently a case that admitted of no delay. I turned sick at heart with' fear and foreboding, as I saw the great gates of tho palacio Tcjal thrown open to receive tho procession ; at the same instant I heard that indescribable sound — somo- ' 'thing resembling ' pitchu '— a Portuguese makes when he wishes to attract your attention. Turn ing round I saw Manoel standing in tho doorway. Finding that I was alone, ho advanced into tho room. Did Meniua know tho dreadful thing that had happened ? No, I did not know; and I was too frightened to ask : I could only sink into my seat and stare. ' The poor young Baron— Holy. Maria ! what harm had ho over done to deserve . ? such a fato 1' and Manbol stopped to cross him self. ' Ah, but it was sad !' ' Whafis it ?': I asked, at length finding voice; 'Dom Duarte— he has been brought home desperately wounded ?^-iying, no doubt. May God and his saints-have inercy on his soul !' And again- Manoel crossed himself devoutly. ' I covered my face with my hands, as if I could thus shut out from my' imagination the object E resented- to it. Oh, ? poor 'Sancha ! who' was: to e the bearer of this dread Eul news to her? As for tho perpetrator of the deed, thbre was not a shadow of a question ! Ah ! what evil the pride and hcarilessne'ss of tiiat woman, Donna Camilla, had ciFected, ! How Would sho feel now, when she saw her young brother dying before her — when she found what her evil- speaking had done % I could riot sleep that night, but counted tUe hours till daylight came and brought the morning, when inquiries might be made at the palacio Tcjal. Daring tho night, I had. noticed a ligl.it burning in one of the windows ; it was now and then obscured by the shadow of some one passing to and' fro. Tho wmdosvj were open on the iu'st floor; I knew' by' this that Dom Duarte was not , dead. No ; not .dead ; that was all that could be saidwhenthe messenger returned. The. surgeon from the English shi]j-of- war had been sent for; I was glad of that ; J. knew ho could not be in bettor bauds. ? , ? As soon as breakfast was over, I summoned Manoel and bade him prepare to accompany mo again to the ruins. The man stared with wide open eyes as I handed him my portfolio. I have no doubt he thought that Menina must have turned thoroughly heartless all of a sudden, to be thinking of sketching, whilst a friend and neigh bor lay at death's door. Ilowover, ho made' no comment, though I espied a shrug of tho shouU ders when he thought my back was turned. \ Dismissing Manoel at the gateway as usual, I ascended tho steps with a sinking heart. ' I deter mined to t3ll Sancha, in' part, what had occurred, softening ' the danger as much as I couldi 111 news proverbially iiies fast';. I knew old Pedrilla was au inveterate gossip, and thought she would be sure' to hear of the event, and equally sure to repeat it in an exaggerated form! Of my sus picions as to the doer of the deod, I resolved to say nothing. After all they were only suspicions, andther.e was no need to add to S3,ncha's grief. 1 As soon as I appeared on .the terrace, -Sancha came flying to meet me. I told her what 1 had to s'ay, as gently .is I could. I Vas only just in/time ; for beferol had; finished spealcing, Pedrilla came up from the fountain, full of exclamations and outcries. It was all I ' could do to keep Sancha ? quiet.. I assured her that I was not deceiving her. Dom Duarto was in danger, but not dead, as Pedrilla had heard. There might be hope yet. I held her fast-; for in her wild grief she wanted to rush off to tho palacio Tojal ; I could see in her eyes, in her quivering lips, that sho, too, knew how it had happened. I soothed her and reasoned with her as well as I could, pointing out that she would probably be repulsed from the door, and if not, if permitted to see Dom Duarto, that her presonce, instead of being of service to him, might' produce agitation.' I promised to bring her news daily, and at last she wept on my shoulder a storm of tears that brought her relief and calmness. . I was grieved to leave her, but could not venture to remain too long : ? it was most important that her place of concealment should remain undiscovered tilL her father, could be communicated with, and receive the assurance of her innoceneo. . ???-??, There was another difficulty ; would Senhor Folcado ever receive the 'letter I had despatched ? would he go home? or was it not more probable that he was wandering about in search of his daughter? — with what possible' intention. I shud dered to think. With strict charges to .Pedrilla — little likely to be attended to, however— not to let Sancha bo disturbed by reports that were just as likely to be false as true, I took my departure homewards. The sun had been blazing down from an unclouded sky all morning ,-: the heat was unusually great for October. I felt oppressed and wearied, and my feet soemed scarcely able to; support my weight. There was no conveyance at hand, and, really afraid of faintimj, I lifted the crimson cloth curtain that shaded the doorway of the church of Nossa Senhora do Cabo, and entered to rest a while in the cool interior. : ' . ' I sank down on a prie dicu near a column, leaving. : Manoel free to repeat a few aves if he chose. The church appeared almost dark, com ing in -from the brilliant light outside ;.. it was some time before my eyes became sufficiently accustomed to the obscurity to distinguish ob jects. I fancied once or twice I heard a sound as of some one in grief or pain, and looking round, I at last perceived, lying almost prostrate before an altar in one of the sido chapels, an old man with hoary hair hanging on the shoulders.'. My heart began to beat violently; as -I felt sure I re cognised the figure.' His franio was shaken every now urul.ttion by a convulsive movement, and groans bur.it from hia lips..; Thore was ai priest moving from altar to altar ; at last he approached the chapel where tho ; old man was, kneeling.' He went up and touched him, speak-; ing somu words of.cousolatiori, it appeared tomoi Thojnan lifted- bis head, and I saw, what I ex pected-^- the hiiggored features of him I took to: bo Saiich.V.s lather; I trembled. The opportu- ' nity seemed given to my haud, but ; was 1 equal, to tho, task?- I buried my faco in my hands, praying ; -praying for strength ; praying that the faintness I felt coming over me, might not over power mo till my tusk was done. .There, was some risk from the man's frenzy,- but not there ; and I determined to speak to him/before he left, the church. ,' .-,:.?:' :??? ; ...-'. After the pricsi had spoken to him,- Folcado— -. if it wero he—rose feebly to his foet ; and taking up his hut that he had thrown on the floor of the cliapcl, he muttered some' words, and then tot tered towards the door ; the priest watching him with eyes full of compassion. I liked the look of ' the paclrft's faco, and would havo preferred to have spoken to him first, and . to. have asked hia aid, but there was no time. 'I rose, from my seat, and followed the old nwn quickly ; I tried to speak— to make niysdf heard, but my tongue seemed to cloavo to xTiy mouth. I went up to him and touched him mi- ilio arm. Ho started round, at the light tou-.-.i:, stud I naw his hand grasp something in lib b',.Ko:u. Did ho think for the moment it was hia daughter ? Involuntarily, ?I 'recoiled a stop, but whou ho saw the fair-haired English stranger, tho liory light died but of his. eyes, and with iutivrj courtesy he raised his hat, and stood as if awaitiug my commands. 'Pardon me,' 1. .said. 'Am 1 .??peeking to the Senhor Folcado ?'? The man looked at me narrowly, but apparently saw no cause for alarm. ' A vossa survizia,' he replied. ' I have somothing to say to you,' I went on with difficulty. ' Something of grca.t importance.' I saw him quiver all ove1' as the. forest tree shivers at tho breath of the coming storm. ' I want to speak to you about your daughter— about .Saneh'a.' The a the passion of the man's nature blazed forth again. Ho thrpw up his arms with that' wild gesture I had noticed the day before, and a tprrcmt of fearful imprecations burst from his lips;; I felt turning white and weak all over, whil c I listened. The priest was still standing; Watuhing; ho drew a Btcp nearer; I be'ekoned him to approach. 'Tell him, 'I said. 'Ho'will attend to you. T6ll him it is all a mistake ; that his daughter is' as innocent as tho first day when she -was laid in his arms— that ? .' But, as I' spoke -, tho pavement on which we were standing appeared to heavo up and down; objects were spinning found, and then a sudden darkness Came dowi i .upon me,' and I lost consciousness. On ; recovering-' my sonses, I was first aware of a delicious coolness and fragrance, and opening my , eyes, I saw round me what seemed to be ghosts. I was'not yet able to make any effort, but closed my^ eyes again, still dizzy and confused. _ Agentle voace spoke to me, and once more looking. up, It snw a kindly face looking down upon me, and ?white hands holding a glass to my lips, I drank ; a few drops of the cordial, and felt, revived. ; fe Coitadinha! It must havo been the hot sun,' ?? f/aid another voice. ? ? / Gradually I. became aware .that' I wa3 in the; guest-room of the nunnery adjoining tho church, in the kind, hands of the good sisters, who, on: their side, wore not a little pleased to have some- : thing to chatter over and make much of. They ; tended and petted me as if I had been a sick child, and brought mo conserves and iced sangaria, asking innumerable questions, till at last one of the elders interfered and desired that I should bo left to rest. A boll ringing loudly at that moment, they all trcoped off like a flock of; benevolent magpies, leaving me with the mistress of the novices, ; ; : Under tho salutary influence of rest and re freshment, my senses soon returned to me ; and at the same time the remembranco flashed across , ine that I had left my mission only half accom-; plished. Should Foleado have again disappeared, ? what was to be done ? How was he to bo . com- : municatcd ;with ? The greatest comfort was, that ho would at ? present scarcely dare to show liiraself much, about the streets openly, while the Baron remained in a precarious state ; so there was the less danger : that he would find Sancha. I had wished so ardently to porsuado him of her innocence and to restore father and daughter to each other ! and now what was I to do? There was just a chance that he might not yet have left the church.. ?' I rose from tho couch where I had been laid. 'I must go,' I said. 'Go?' almost screamed the good sister, . ' and you no more fit to stand alone than an infant ! When ?' the Senhora has to go, her servant is waiting, and will bring a sege ,to take her home. ' ' You ; are very kind,' I said. ' I owe you much ; but you do not know ;' and I endeavored to rise to my feet. 'But tho padre Anselmo ; he says he lias a message for you— you will at any rate see tho padre .V'' A message ? that altered the case. 'Yes ; I should be glad to see the padre ;' andl sank down on the couch again. In truth I was scarcely able to stand. Sister Eulalia— I did not then know her name, but learned it in subso'iuent visits to the convent — rang the hand bell, and then went to the door, where sho spoke a ;fo\v worda' to a lay sister. In a few minutes the priest I had.seen in tho church entered. ' Do ; uot.be afraid,' he said, in answer to my look of anxious inquiry. 'The old man is safe ; he will do ao further harm ; too much harm I am afraid i ho-'aas done already; Tell me about his. daughter 1 — you may trust mo; he has done so.'' . i. did trust him. ;'? I was thankful to have some . on a to whom I could speak about Sancha, for I ' fe /t doubtful of my own powers, and there was no 0'j.e at homo who would have cared' to interfere. I. told the priest the whole story and' where b'ancha was to-be found ; ho promised to see her, , and also promised that Folcado should not be i anade aware of -her. place of refuge, till he was ; fully persuaded of the falseness of DonnaCamilla's , accusation. ? ? .'.-??? For some days, perhaps a week, I' do not re member much. Mr. Martin^ — the English doctor I havo mentioned before— was sont for. ' He pronounced the illness to be a slight sunstroke, ; and I was ordered to remain perfectly quiet. I knew I oughtto beanxious about something, but did not seem to 'have sense enough either to feel or to think. . By the time I was able to sit up, and tako cognisance of what was passing round mo, I -heard good news. ' The Baron was pro nounced out of danger. His life had hung by a thread for some days, but now Mr. Martin con sidered him safe ; though it would necessarily be long before health and strength returned. Then my , thoughts wandered once more to Sancha ; what could sho have thought of my apparent neglect ? Had Padro ? Anselmo accomplished his purpose? how was I to ascertain ? The following day I was. to be allowed to go dpwnstairs- and then I resolved to write to the priest, and send Manoel with the note to the church of Nossa Senhora do Cabo : I knew not where else, to find , hinu ..,:-, , ??::.- I was more weak and- dizzy than I expected when I reached the drawing-room, and could only lean back and rest. It was evening before I got my note written. It was about eight o'clock ; the lamps were -lighted, but, unable to employ myself, 1 had retired behind a window-curtain, and shaded from the light in the room was looking out at tho stars. Manoel camo into the room,' look ing round. I threw back the curtain, as I sup posed ho was looking for mo. He camo up and spoke in a low voice, so as not to bo heard by the others. : There ;was some one in the dining-room wanting to see Menina. ' Who was it ?' Manoel could : not toll ;-, an old man' — a vinhador, apparently, and: a young, lady; they gavo no name, but said they^wantod to sco Menina, and would ,not: bo;-denied. Would I see them? or should he ; send, them away ? ' By no means,' I said. I would go to tliom. I crossed the corri dor, and opening tlio dining room door,; saw Folcado standing beforo mo, and beside him a slight figure closely voilcd. I uttered an exclamation of pleasure ; it was a real joy to mo to seo them, for in the veiled figure I had no difficulty ; in recognising Sancha. Sonhof Fplcado camo forward and raised my' hand to his lips, ?with, the graco of an old courtier, showering all sorts of blessings and good wishes upon -me; and then' Sancha threw norself into my arms. 'It'is all your, doing !' she cried. 'I should never have been happy again, but for 3'0U !'?? : ?,..?-' v.,1 '.,??.. I. did not in the least see tho occasion for such an exuberant display of gratitude, but it was very pleasant, nevertheless. No steps had been taken to arrest Folcado, and, now the Baron was recover ing, tho matter would-be hushed up. Donna Giunilla would not care to havo tho part she had taken in the affair dragged before the light ; and Dom Duarto would certainly not prosecuto Sancha's father. . Folcado felt no contrition for what ho had done ; but as ho had acted from a mistakon; idea, was glad the young man was re covering. I Gupposo if Dom Duarto had be lieved himself to have boen injured in»a similar way, ho'wookl also havo revenged himsolf, only in all probability ho would have had resort to the inoro chivalrous duello. ?_ I coultl scarcely understand how it was that Sancha looked so bright, aud happy, even though secure once more in her father's love. There war. the parting from her lover litill ; arid it was tlillicult to mo to conceive huw she could feel joy'oiiH, when she was going away, perhaps for over, froiii the placo whore Dom Duarte dwelt. When she put her arms around my neck in bid' ding me good-bye, she whispered in my ear j ' know he loves mo, he will not forgot mo I ' Blessed in this happy confidence of youth she was going away. 'God grant you may be happy I' was all I said, and then we parted. : It was at the great Exhibition of 1862 ; I was resting on a bench near tho contral fountain, dreamily watching the ever changing, ever moving crowd, when I saw a gentleman and lady approach whom I thought I recognised. They stood a moment by the basin of tho fountaia.: I was not mistaken, it was the Baron Tojal, and his- companion was Sancha. I wont up to them! andspoke; they exclaimed with delight; Sanchain her impulsive way embraced mo, and Dom Duarte held out his hand, English fashion. 'Allow me to introduce you to my wife,' he said., Sancha blushed and smiled, drawing close to. bis side, lovingly, and ho looked down upon hor with such pride and tenderness as did mo good to behold in this workaday world. I saw the Baron and Baroness several times dnplngthelr stay in London, and had an opportunity of hearing, all about themselves and old friends. When we left Lisbon, Dom Duarfce was still an invalid ; but immediately upon his recovery he hastened to Busilhas to ask/ Sancha of her lather. There was no ill-feeling between the two men : Dom Duarte confessed to me that he thought ho should have done the same had he believed that any one had injured Sancha. Donna Camilla vacated the palacio Tejal on her, brother's marriage, and retired to a house of her; own near the Cainpo Lido. ? Lady Ashurst Was at: Malta ; Miss A.shurst had married the oaptain^pf her Majesty's ship, Atalanta, an elderly widower with six children ; and was established in that island while hor husband was cruising in' the Mediterranean, Saucha wondered how I could like to livo in cold, foggy England ; whoro there was no blue sky and so little sunshine. Would I not go back to Lisbon ? My heart said Yc3 ; but cruel fate said No. Ah, well ! some must laugh while othors weop~; it is the way of the world. Perhaps to those to whom happiness is denied, strength is given to bear the burden of sorrow; we shall know the reason why those things are so, ono day, I suppose ; and in the meantime — we can trust. ' , . ? , : . : 