THE NEW GOVERNMENT. .\\*VE understand llial Sir James Martin has succeeded in loniiing a Govormnont, and tho members of tho now Ad- ministration aro Attorney-General and Piomior.. Sir JAMES MARTIN Colonial Secretary . Mr JOHN RORERTSOI* Colom d Treasurer. Mr. G. "VV. LORD Secretary for Lands. Mr J. B WILSOV ¡Secretar} for Woiks. , Mr JAMFSBVRNES Solicitor-General. Mr. WIN DEV EU Postmaster-General. Mr. DOCKER. Up to an early hour yesterday afternoon it was gonorally understood that Sir Jamos had not matured his arrango nieate, and that furthor tune would ho asked for completing ilio task entrusted to him. It was not until tho meeting of ino Houflo at half-past 4 o clock that tho majority of hon menibors wore mado acquainted with tho composi- tion of tho now Cttbmot, and a considoiablo amount of interest was manifested in tho mattoi Tho namos of his colleagues m tho Ministry wero not announced to tho JIOUBO by Sir James, but the list which wo pub îsh was generally accoptod by bon members, and will, wo bchovo, ïo found to bo correct Although tho Legislativo Assem- bly will meet again to- day, it would appear, from tho ienor of Sir Janies Martin's observations in the Assembly yesterday afternoon, that tho new Ministers will not bo tworn in until Friday Wo undeistand that his Excel- lency left town for Thiosby Park jesterday evening. THE PRIJNCE ALI BED YACHT CLUB-A meeting of tho committee was hold last evening at tho olub-rooms, Punch s Hotel, to ariongo for tho uniiua matches on tho 2nd proximo. It was decided that tho iirat class match should sturt at noon. Comsofrom Farm Cove round boat oil Manly, round 1 ort Denison, Lightship, Sow and Pigs, and linish at Snail's Bay. The second-class cmteh to start at üftoen minutes past 12 Courso irom larra Covo round Lightship, Sow and Pigs, Tort Donison, round Lightship a seeond time, and thenco to Snail s Bay Lntries to bo forwarded to tho honorary secretary pnor to noxt Tuesdaj ev ening. THE SUICIDE or M PRÉVOST PARVDOL - In an articlo on the Revolution in Paris, tho Spulatoi thus alludes to tho suicide of tho Trench Munster at Washington -" Poor Provost Puradol' SIM vveoks longci of pam, forty-five dajs moro of pationco with tho Almightj, and his burden wouldhavo passed awaj, and ho would havo had a career, and all Europo would havo honoured bim for his wiso prov îslon. It was during the agitation about the plebiseito that ho warned England through tho Times not to put too much faith in tho mero military piessuro on Paris, told hor that tho niomont Paris waa united the soldiery would bo Parisian, aflnnicd thal the brain of the wonderful city na« acuto inougb to dev lae now and unexpected modes ot ovei throwing despots It vi as all nonsense, saul Phihstiu, and lo his own sick bruin and soro heart it all scorned nonsenso too 1 hero was (he might j arinv, thoro wore tho hugo barrncls, the smooth îuuds, tho reidy artillery, tho cowed and disunited people, without lcadeis, or amis, or the tradition of sclf-goveminent lianco had re elected Cusai, oppression would bo peipotual, and ho in his misery and cowardico would quit tho world Hinch hopo had quitted before Only forty-fivo days, and then tho hour tor which ho lind longed toi eighteen jcars struck loud, and amid a ruco of imbeciles ho «lona WHS proved to havo been fai- sighted,-and ho had fled fre m before his own triumph in impatient fear lho hour caine, and with ÖU,ÜÜ0 troops within her gates, and a .t tsruist Government to uso thom, Pans, without tiring a shot, without shedding a drop ot blood, almost by an net of puro volition, swept the Bomiparto d)nasty-its Couit, its satellites, its Ministem, its pohcj-at ouo sweep out of li nuce ' LARRIKINS IN VICTORIA. - It is a matter for congratulations that the "rowdy"' element in our com- munity is not altogether beyond control, indeed, there are few cities of the same extent as Sydney where this objec- tionablo ingredient is less prominent, and though we occasionally receive complaints from correspondents of assemblies of unruly youths at street corners, and the nuisance created thereby, yet the appearance of a police- man generally disperses the scamps. Melbourne is suffering from a "larrikin" pest, and day after day the police reports contain accounts of their audacious proceedings. These youths are not only insulting and pugnacious, but they are accomplished crackmen and elegant pickpockets, or, if necessary, they can descend to the more vulgar system of obtaining " loot" by garotting. To the police they seem an increas- ing source of anxiety, as no sooner is one gang broken up than two appear in its place. How this state of things has been brought about or permitted to grow we cannot clearly discover, unless it be an offshoot of "Penton," so rife in Melbourne in 1849, when that city was the re- ceptacle of some of the Claypoles and Dodgers of London. The Magistrates come down very heavy on the "larrikin" when a conviction is secured, but it seems to have little effect on him , as after receiving a sentence of six months imprisonment he sets an example of heroism to his fellows by exclaiming "I kan do it on my ed."' Certain it is, however, that our authorities, and the police particularly, should endeavour, by all the means in their power, to pre- vent the incipient rowdjism of our streets from developing into gangs ot professional thieves and burglais, with all the nmohinory for suppljing tho means of robbery, and for (ho disposal of piopertj after it has been stole». A PROVIDENT Turar--The Melbourne A ujus of balurdaj last relates that a thiof, nauiod Robert Liton, a mere lad, though well known to tho polico, was arrested bj detectiv es Duly, Hartnoy, and Mackay ou a charge of Mealing £9 from the shop of Mr Dobbington, St inloy ttroet, Collingwood Tho youth, who had just " dono " flireo months for robbing a till, wont into Dobbiugton's shop on the 5th mutant, with a confederate, and protended to lo examining somo salt, whilo the other decamped with ¿9, tbo contents ef tho till Ho had in his possession a hank-book, Bhowing that ho had £10 m tbo Savings' Bank, and that tho sum of £210s was put in on tho day of (ho theft, and £3 a couple of dajs afterwards. JUVENILE UNION CONCERT-Last evening there was given, m tho School of Arts, an entertainment by 150 select voices fiom Mr Chi/lett's juvonilo choir, assisted by a niunboi of lady and gentlomen umateurs. Ikeio was a fair attendance The children, undc* Mi Chi¿Uti s ablo conductoiohip, sang a number of part songs with ver j goodeilect, every solection m which they exer- cised their iresh, clear, and carefully trained voices boing loudly applauded Among the part songs oncored were "lho Alpine Huntei,' ''All among tue Btirloy," and ?* Minnie Dulling " Tho attraction »f tbo pleasing cntcr tainn ent w as still fuither heightened bj tho assi-tanee of the nuititeuis, who contributed not a few first-class solos, ducts, ti 10B, and glees, encores being doniandod and re- tí otided to m soveial lnEtiuices Mr Brj ant undeitook (lie duties of accompanist, and caused considerable amuse- ment bj giving a fiivouuto buffo son¿ with pinuoforto necon piiniinent. After a part song, entitled " Good "ÏMLbt," ,fiom the clnldicn, the piocceduigs were con- cluded with tho National Anthem TTIT- OTTPA -The pcrfoi manco on Tuesday evening was for the benefit of Mr Lascelles, who was -onotircd by one of tbo best houses of tho season Tho cntctliunnient commenced with a concert, which went off ?sith great telat, and encores were tho rulo ratbor than the exception Si(,nor Contint and Signor Doudi sing a duet from "Atlila ' very pleasmglv, and vero followed by Madame Simonsen, whoso rendonng of an lush ballad provol ed an undeniable demand for an encoró, m icsponso to which sho gave, "Is it anjbodv s buBinoss " Mr Lascelles w as Biiniliu lj complimented foi his singing of Halft s Maiguercttu, and tieated tho audicuco to his Well 1 novvn version of " RobinRutl ' " Tho Merry Zin 8011,' bj Mrs To<, was loudlj applauded, and Bho then eaDg with great taste, "lho Valo of Avoca" -cothoven's frrand concerto m C minor, with oicbostral accompaniment was ono of tho nioBt brilliant exhibitions of pianoforte plujmg ovor heaid here, and round after round of npplauso lewurded tbo poi former, who, though evi- dently anxious for a rest after his arduous task, wab not allowed to retire until he treated tho audience to a fantisia of hisown composition " lho Death of helson," by Mr Beaumont, provoked anothoi encoró Signor Dev oh and his pupil were snuilaily dealt with, and the conceit closed with a duet. " The Duke of Athol's I Courtship," by Madame Simonsen and Mr Lascelles Mr. .bapman IhoWi/uid folio»ed, ind gave a good demon- stration of tho so called second sight The interlude, "No 1 round tho Cornor, ' with Mr Baitlett as Phpper, and Mr Lascelles as Nobbler, caused considerable amuse- ment In Rossini's comic opora, " Tho Barber of Sov die," Mr Bartlett plaj ed Dr Bai tolo, and tho other characters wero sustained by Mídame Simonsen, Mrs Fox, Suruora Devoti, Contmi.and Dondi Mr Chapman's K Sick-full of GhostB," biought the performance to a close a few minutes before midnight To-night the grand spectacuhr opera, "Roberto ii Diavolo" will be plajed for tbo first timo by tbo present comptnv It has bo"n somo tun" in ire- arntion, and from its popularity when first produood hero is bkolj to command laigo hou.es Signor Non s benefit is announced for to-morrow night Tire TORTOISE or THE EMI FROR NAro_ro\ -"Whilst tlie Pans papéis assess the personal income of the Emperor mid Empress at 200,000,000f, The Innes asserts that the rumours concerning the huge iccu jnuhtions of the Emperoi ure absolutely without loundation, and that Napoleon III will leivc his kerman pince cf enptmtv at the end of the war almost as poor a man as he w as w hen he entered irance in 1848 lho Empiess has, indeed (it sajs) her jewels, gifts at her marriage and on her fete dajs, but these are hei pin ate propel ty, the State jewels bomg now in the hands of the Tiencli Government at louis Shebas, besides, an hereditarj piopeity in «pain, and the Punce Imperial his a houso which lias been bequeathed to lum near Tueste "Unless vv e .ire misinformed, the Emperoi Napoleon, who his Jicon the chief of the Trench State for nearly twenty iwo j eais, and its almost absolute master for nearly O'ghtcen, retains no private propertj but a smill «ottago which came to lum from his mother This, ye(/y,e Times) believe, is all that remains to the Wnil}. 