THE tea-meeting and sale of gifts, in connection with the Kyneton Ladies Benevolent Society, which is to be held to-morrow, will no doubt be well attended, and will realise a goodly sum to the funds of a society which is of so deserving a nature that the committee should have no need whatever to undergo all tho iuss and worrj which they will be called apon to do for the nest couple ef days, end which no doubt they have had to undergo for rnanj days previously. Turning back to the last balance sheet published by the society, we find that a little more tb&n; thiitv shillings were contributed by the public towuids the maintenance of a charitable society which does more good in a qui-t way, end reflects more credit upon its supporters than a {rreat many more pretentious institutions which have their long lists of noble patrons unci their high sounding titles. 1 he revenue of the society last year was somewhere about eighty pounds, of which ot vr fifty pounds «reie raised by a tea meet - ing, some thirty pounds by n Government grant, about six pounds contributed by the isdy members of the society themselves, at>d the rest by the public. It will be seen by this rough abstract of the affairs of the society for 1869 that had tbe ladies depended upon the recognition of the public of their meritorious efforts in aid of suffering humanity, they wbuld have leaned upon a "broken reed indeed. Naturally averse to anything like the begging system, which is so often brodght into play for the sustenance %of loraign missions, end the supply of underclothing to the inhabitnnts of some out of the way • island with en unpronounceable name, the Benevolent Society might have collapsed long ego had it not been for the indefatigable exertions of its members. The money which they had to dispense was carefully dealt with, and its actual value doubled, or more than doubled, by tbe industry of its custodians It may very possibly be imagined by some that the ladies simply form a medium between the public and the distressed—between those who have cash in their pockets and those who have not, end simply would undertake the task of cashiers. But this IB not the case, the moneys subscribed are for the most part—not all, of course—devoted to the supply ol warm clothing to the destitute, the materials for which are purchased and made np by. tbe active fingers of the members of the Society. It will be seen that en additional value is imparted to each pound spent. The Society has thns strong claims upon the public, and these claims should be cheerfully recognised and promptly met. We suppose that we need not say that the ladies could find ample means for the disposal of an income very much larger than any whichthey havehitherto enjoyed. Thatthey may speedily arrive at that condition of wealth, we sincerely trust, for that such properous circumstances would be turned to good account in the relief tbe poor and needy, we do cot entertain a doubt. We may therefore be allowed to hope, also, that these few remarks will have a due effect upon the minds of our readers, and dispose them to cast a small proportion of their charity into the escLequer of the Ladies Benevolent Society. Lf this were the case it would relieve the committee of the trouble of getting up such methods for raising the wind, as the one which is to take place to-morrow. As for an annual tea party that is quite another matter tea parties are essentially Kyneton Institutions, and nothing could be more proper than to celebrate the close of the financial year with a spree of this description, possessing as it does, the singular merit of adding very considerably to the funds of the Sooiety, We wonld not be understood, however, to undervalue the good to be done by a sale of gifts. The preparations for euch an event have evoked much charity, and of course the result will be the accession of a oonsideiable sum to the coffers of the Society. All that we wish to convey is that it would be quite as well if it were not required. Being required and about to take place, we earnestly impress npon our readers tbe pro priety of resorting to it with as much money as they can consistently spare, and making as large purchases of the tnany handsome, elegant, and nseinl articles which they will find there, as may seem unto them good. To tbe end that we might deliver such excellent and sound advise, hare we. written all the fo-egoing. IN our last issue we reprinted a paragraph from The Age, without, for the moment dis- proving it ; which contained the insinuation that the late gallant capture of Power the bushranger, was easily accomplished by those who took part in it, from the fact that all necessary information was furnished by the lad, Kelly, who a little time ago was in the custody of the Kyneton Police, charged with complicity in some of the outrages com- mitted by Power, and who was discharged from custody last Friday week. Some other papers published in the colony have been setting up similar stories, evidently with the view of detracting, as far as possible, from the exploit which has rendered Messrs Nicholson, Hare, and Montfort, so famous. In two or three lines in its Saturday’s issue The Age admits its error, and we suppose that the other papers that have adopted a similar hypothesis will before long do the same. It does not need that we should say anything for the purpose of adding to the value of the service which has been performed to the colony, but we may at least be per- mitted to point out that even supposing that Kelly was for the time transformed into a “ blacktracker” the merits of Power’s captors remain unimpaired. Concerning Power, we publish elsewhere a brief record of some of his acts, taken from a Beechworth journal. As our readers must by this time be perfectly well sick, both of him and of his doings, we promise not to inflict any more of his nauseous career upon them, unless something extraordinary turns up in connection with the vagabond, or unless we break through the restriction we have imposed upon ourselves, for the purpose of recording his fate. The Lturiston district is still keeping well up in mining. Scrip is not only advancing in price but increasing in quantity. Several new claim? have been taken up, and, as wa before prognosticated, very little ground is "left to take up iu the immediate vicinity of Lauriston. Scrip in tbe Energetic is in demand at advanced rates, although crushing operations are for a while suspended, owing ts the erection of new machinery. North Star's are enquired for at £7. which 1B a great increase is price; Centrals are also in demand. The reefs on the Kangaroo Hill bid fair to rival—in fact to outstrip—the Energetic reef, and scrip in tin; various companies pn the reels in this locality are in great demand at advanced rates. Tbe All Nations, on the Energetic line of reef, is driving, and have cut a good looking leader similar to that found by each ot the claims in Orr's padlock ; the shareholders are sanguine of coming on the reef at a very short distance. If this should prove correct, shares will eo up to 300 times their present value, as it is, in its present uncertain state prices have risen nearly fifty per cent duriug the past week. The Gold Mines, in driving, has cut a very nice leader; tbe ctone is of a dark-grey color and full of metal,although not the precious metal—gold. Still, however, c the knowing one assert that gold is not far off in payable quantities. It is also stated that some gold-bearing stone has been taken out, sua that scrip bag so far been affected that one of the shareholders who enld on Saturday nt 10c per scrip, offered to purchase at an ad- VRticed price, he very shortly after having gosi e down and inspected the claim. The Morning Star, ue&r; Kangaroo, is BIHO taking out some likely looking stoue, and the shareholders are very sancuiue. H. Bradley, sharebroker, reports thatthe share ilartet is still very lively, tbe fame of our mines are bringing la buyers from all tbe principal towns in Victoria. The All Nations have struck a leader 4 inches tbiok, which swamped them out with water they hrve been obliged to erect a whip, they are now again driviog. Tbe South Energetic have let the contract for sinking their shaft to the depth ef 150 feet-, and have commenced operations. The North Star is now crushing, and the etone is looking extremely well. The Taradale mines are causing considerable attention, fieariy all the shares iu the Nelson G M. Company have baen taken up and will very soon be at a premium, there is every prospect of this being a good speculation, as good payable stone is being got at both ends of this Company's ground. The following are my quotations .—Energetic £8 ; Central Eucrgetic, £612s Gd ; North Star, £7 ; All Nations, 7u Gd ; South Energetic, 10s ; Unity. £5 (Pr jmoters). C E Jordan, Eharebroker, reports of the stock and share mirket as follows :—During the past week rood business has been done. North Stars and Centals having the ca'l at advanced rates. Mr Binuie's battery is at present empbyei on Noitii Star stone, which is expected to yield as utual. No 2 Energetic are at present busy erecting a whim; the shaft, now 20ft, has cut thruugh the reef with good prospects. No 1 Energetic still continues to raise good stone, and have at present about 400 tons at grass. The Kyneton Company are pushing ahead with the erection of their battery, and in a few weeks one may expect to see everything completed and steam up, where it may be assumed that shareholders will at once get good returns for their outlay. The All Nations Company have opened np the 100 foot level, and goiug for the reef; already soma strong leaders have been cut in the etiamber, with an increased flow of water, giving indications of nearing tbe reef The South Energetic Company's contract for sinking a shaft 150ft, art being proceeded with by contractors vigorously. The Extended Company, adjoining the South Energetic Company, to the south, are about applying for their ground on leau. Quotations :—Energetics, buyers £8,' sellers, £8 5s ; North Star, scarce, £7; Central Energetic, firm, £6 12i 6d; All Nations, 10s; South Energetic, Promoters, £22; United Mint, Promoters, £13; Lauriston Extended 12s. The prospects of the Brandenburg Beef in Mr Milvain's paddock, at Malmsbury, are of the most encouraging nature, and it appears to be an assured fact that Messrs Dietrich! and Daniel, the lessees of the claim, have most assuredly found the way to fortune; The etone which has hitherto been raised by them has been of excellent quality, but latterly they have come upoa far better stone, which will no doubt be proved when the machinery, which is at present being erected for them, is complete, and tbi>y set to crushing in right good earnest. The stone, which at present is beiug raised, and of which there is a very large body at a comparatively email depth, is some of the finest we have seen, being studded with, gold, and bearing another ore, which is believed to be silver. As the reef deepens the probability is that it will not oniy .greatly increase in size, as well, as experience has.bitherto proved, in richness- The surrounding couutry bears indications of a highly auriferous nature, and thus another proof is afforded of the probability that the Kyneton goldfields_ will assume vast prooortinns. We may mention that the reef, to whieh reference is made above, was at one time iu course of working by Mr Tyson, at. Malmsbury, and then abandoned, about the time that the mining interests in this locality reoeived so sudden a check. We have «een' same of the stone from the claim, which is exceedingly rich- We shall shortly pay another visit to the locality, when we hope to be able to devote a larger amount of our space to a description of the reef, and of the enterprise of its holders. Batchelder'a splendid diorama of the American War was exhibited at -the Mechanics' Institute, last night, to one of the largest audiences which ever assembled within the walls of that building. There was some hitch with the gas at the commencement of the proceedings, and £or of a light.could be obtained. The asdience stood the -delay with great good humour, the boys like the well bred young persons Kyneton boys are. only amusing themselves by whistling popular airs, chaffing the workmsn who were employed in making matters straight, and hailing with ahouitB of derision, the various fruitiest attempts made to "light up." Once commenced the entertainment was most cttcceasfal, each beautiful scene, many of them illustrated by mechanical effects, being received with outbursts of appiause. That well known caterttfpr theomusement of thajpnblio. Mr 3 C lituoer, is now connected with the diorama, and under his superintendence everything is worked with great smoothness. ' Tha panOrama it really beautiful, and as exemplifying with great fidelity «ome of the most- stirring events which have occuriml in'iaadiin timw. js really well worthy of* visit To-night is the last on which it will be shewn in Kyneton and w£ would recommend«nr readers to pay it a visit. Tbe entertainment will next open at Bendigo for a couple of weeks. .C^e aregladjto jearnithat the newjy formed Amateur Dramatio Society are gttting on with the pieces they haye selected Jfor representation. From-what .'"we bear^a capital «nteriainment may be expected before long. ^A'&legram;^jarhioh^appAan^iD Testorday's Castlemaine Sepreswifatoe' says (;h%t " it is believed tfcat; tbe reward for the o&ptore; of Power mil gtvai principally to the squatter wBpgavethe, Information.'' Boshl But, bow about JLelly.dtWfrJ .,„ ; > Bladings In'ud of.the Kyneton Hospital ware Storis, Pnrdne, Agg, and Eaaterby ivaft fitng, and the audience appeared:to be very well BMteDtid with th« entertainment provided. During the evaning Miss Jordan tang a ballad in a very pleasing manner. We should have apologised in our last isBue for having been led into a misconception, tbe tesult of which was a misstatement which appeared ia our report of the ploughing match. VVe stated, that had it not been for the fact that Mr Richie was disqualified he would have taken the first piize in class A We should have said that be would have taken a prize A stupid and inexcusable blunder occurred in our issue of Saturday last, —a slip of the pen. :md no doubt about it. We stated that Mr W Thomson had been elected President of the Eynetonshire Council. Of course it should have been, as was stated in another part of our naper. President of the Kyneton Agricultural Society. We beg to remind our readers that the sale of gifts which have been contributed to the Kyneton Ladies Benevolent Society, will take place to-morrow at the Mechanics' Institute. The sale, which will only differ from a bazaar, in that there will be no "swindles" perpetrated, will be very comprehensive in its character, including articles of a very useful as well as of very ornamental character. We shall hope, therefore, to see a capital attendance of buyers. In the evening a tea meeting and soiree will be held at the same place, and we may venture to say that it will be highly enjoyable. Iu addition to the attractions presented by the tea. the after-proceedings will inclnde addresses by wellknown £pe?.kers, and a variety of sacred music will be performed by a choir, consisting, as we are informed, of about forty persons. These have for some time past been practising with great assiduity, and it is anticipated that the selections, which include many pieces of great beauty will be executed in a ptvle hitherto unsurpassed in Kyneton Certainly the musical portion of the programme comprises many mo t beautiful selections. Mr S Attwood will officiate as leader, and Mr W Attwood wiil preside at the harmouium. Tbe weather was very much milder yesterday, am! <™ have some hopes that we may now have some fine weather, after the Jate prolonged spell of wet. But the weatherwise amongst us prognosticate that the season will be a very wet one, and general throughout the colony, A correspondent, proprietor of an upcountry newspaper, writes to the Argus to prefer a complaint of the unnecessary delay shown by the tiovernment department in adjusting accounts due for printing and advertising in the local jonrnalg. This delay in payment, is, he ays, in many easel productive of great inconvenience. The Rev Rowland Hayward, lata of Kew, ha 8 been appointed by the Bishop of Tasmania chaplain to tbe Penal Establishment, Port Arthur. The rev gentleman was. we understand to have been ordained to priests' orders at Hobsrt Town yesterday. A Bigh Church clergyman on secular education, the Uev Archer Qurney, m a letter to tbe John JSidl, advocates ths secular system as the oniy practicable one. Regarding tbe matter from a High Churchman's point of view. Mr Gurney . says—" It is far better to separate secular and doctrinal teaching, and call on the clergy to supply the latter systematioally, than to set about devising a system of 'ansectariau' religious instruction without any definite teaching whatsoever." .Mr Gurney proceeds—" I have no animosity to Dissenters, God knows. I cannot but hope the time will come when we shall absorb them all. or nearly all. and when tbe Wesleyau organisation and others may still be retained nnder the form of confraternities within the churoh. I also most frankly admit that religious teaching may be overdone for the young, but I also cannot but think that it is the clergyman's business to give it rather than tbe schoolmaster's, at the least to superintend. But now, the object is to get rid of clerical influence altogether. The laity have their place in Sunday schools, but the instructor of the young in their religion should be the parish priest. I most object for one to a wholly colorless and permissible religious teaching, given officially and drily by a lay schoolmaster, as a matter of hard work How ohnrchmen can favor euch a scheme I am at a loss to conjecture. To exclndt dogma in tbe study of the Gospels seems literally impossible. The doctrlneBi or rather dogmas, of the Trinity, the Incarnation, and atonement are the only keys that open the Sacred Scriptures. Familiarity with sacred things without love and reverence is tnoBt IT jurious, as, I would think, all good men must admit." During «be height of the last bathing season a rather ludicrous incident occurred on the Glenelg Beach, says the Z> A Registrar i—The reluctance of the parties concerned to provoke a laugh at their own expense will fully acoount for the delay in publication. Just after dusk, on a warm evening,a rather short -sighted male resident went into the water for a refresher, leaving his clothes, as usual near tne water's Whilst he was thus engaged, another resident, but this time of (he fair sex, sauntered down to the beaoh for her accustomed bath- She was dressed in white but tha darknesB prevented her from seeing that her favourite grounds were already occupied. Presently bather No 1 came out to dress, and noticing a white object, and having no GUB icion that there was company about, tuade towards it, thinking it to be his shirt inflated with the wind. The keener-eyed damsel seeing him approach turned and fled He gave chase, thinktup to recover the runaway garment. Terror for a time rendered the fugitive dumb; and the pursuit was kept up for some distance. At length she tripped over the treacherous 6and, in falling contrived to scream for help. The pursuer thus assured of his mistake desisted, and lost no time in scrambling back to the spot where bis clothes were lying to be claimed. The BallaraL Cornier says :—Ur M'Lellan, we observe, has given notice of a motion to put £10,000 on tbe Additional Estimates to reward the disceverers of new gold fields. Will this system of greasing the fat pig never die out 1 What the country requires is not gold for those who have gold, but gold to enable those who have none ts win it. Were the proposed £10,000 handed over to the borough councils of the different goldfields to distribute iu encouraging prospecting or subsidising struggling companies, the money would be usefully spent. If Mr M'Cellan's motion is carried it will be squandered. A person answering the description of Col- Ungwood; the bushranger, who stuck up Messrs Burton and McDonald, at Rochford lately, was lodged in the RomBey lock- up on Friday night H« was captured at Melton on Thursday morning" by Constable Johnstone, after hating ineffectually attempted to rob the till of the Royal Hotel at that place. The 'humbug called Spiritism stems to be falling intn disfavour in England. A lady in- GoeUng (says the Advertiser) has received a letter by tha mail from her sister 4n London, from which we make the following extract :— " My husband put certain numbers of cheques into his pocket botk, and when,asked if he ba 1 any question for the Spirits, requested to be told ihe^numbert. Of «onrse :they |»nld not do u. They then asked him if he would like to communicate -with MB mi present. • Yes,' he said,«I Bhoald like to know lot atate.* The answer was, * Perfectly r, th6 tl 4 td he «en-' 'lam thankful, eatd 3, It is even more than I hoped for; but as Itad a iitUr from him this mowing, I wonh ? did not mention a,« At length the whole meeting broke tip in confusion, the gmdram saying n jyiag spirit had been vent attuned the thirf difficulty *W. ^ttfing the firet *ix ; montht, now olatma a circulation _of 27,000 a week. This nnmbevaay t Aur coatemporary, is greater than iBUBuedby the three othn- Jocal papers eonbined. But this Is not th* ,l0nly evidence of A double «woff^J-P™®?^ w ordered from England by fbe proprietors,that will enable them to urint, 7000 or SOOOcopies a day, Uftdnthe fcnd ef *tht latut torn lug. woorna," the Mclaor Times says :-" The only I thistle on Mr Cocks's property is dead. Some consolation is found in the fact that an attempt to acclimatise the Bathurst bur has been attended with success." It may not be generally kBown that the Times is an ardent champion of the national plant of Scotland. The dangarou state of the South Rochford road received another exemplification on Tuesday. On the day in question says tht Chromclt when near to Hutchison's flour mill, Mr See nan's cart, occupied by three of his children and two men named McOorbett and Reardoo, completely capsized Fortunately the children sustained BO injury, bnt the men did not escape so cheaply. McCorbett received a serious injury to his back, and Beardon's shoulder was dislocated. Tie M'lvor Times says :—The declaration of Mr Stembc-I. io an action against tbe publisher of this paper has been delivered. The declaration sets forth the assertion that our publication of the article nnder the above heading, has damaged bis business to the extent of £500. If this is a fair estimate of the damage done, the trade in Railway Coffee and Chops must have bees most extensive, for mutton at Kyneton is one penny per pound, as wt see by advertisement, and the poorer the mutton the greater the number of chops in the pound ; and if we are rightly informed, it would not be easy to imagine poorer mutton than our friend had served to fain, so that it is fair to suppose that tbey would run ten to a pound ; and thns the £500 would purchase one million two hundred thousand chops, which if supplied at one shilling each, wonld produce £60,000- Tbe chop and coffee trade trust be a pretty good thing where people are confined to " Hubson's Choice." It wonld seem that the system of importing South Sea Island natives, which was so mueh complained of in regard to Queensland, has been commenced in New Zealand. We find tbe following in a late paper :—" The schooner Itula has arrived from th Inlands, bringing twenty-seven islanders under engagement to work at the flax mills for a term of years, Tbey are said to come voluntarily, but other circumstances throw a doubt upon this. It would seem a> if the chief* had been bribed to ship them. The importation is condemned by the press, as opening tbe door for the same irregularities which have oaused 8uch trouble in Quoensland. " Like New Sonth Wales, New Zealand has been flooded. " We regret to learn, " writes the Otago Times, ' that in consequence of the now frequent floods on the iaieri Plain, several farmers have resolved to abandon their holdings. A number more have, after considerable hesitation, decided to give it a trial for another year. Should the plain be again flooded before another harvest is secured, there cannot be a doubt that a considerable exodus, both of leaseholders and freeholders, will be the result " As these plains are the loveliest and the most fertile in the Middle Island, the distress of the settlers can be imagined when they talk of abandonment. Some very fine samples or gold-bearing quartz are now on view at the offioe of Mr C F Nichols, mining agent, 23 Eiizibeth-street. The 6tone is from Diamond Creek, eighteen miles from Melbourne, and it is thought four ounces to the ton will be realised if all the quartz is of the same quality. A singular dream story is being told just now which than rivals the oft-quoted narrative of -Sir Walter Scott, regarding the recovery through a dream of the lost discharge in the repositories of Mr Stuart, W S, of Edinbur£b long after that gentleman had died The respectability and truthfulneBs of the parties connected with the strange affair are undoubted, and the statement is as follows:—One night last month a gentleman was aroused by his wi!e.who had started from her sleep in a state of great excitement and terror She said that she was i sure there was something the matter with her pother, then in Euglaud, for she had seen her in the room. Her excitement continued for some time, and the next day the Impression still remained that she would hear bad news- Her husband was so struck with the cirdnmtantial way In which she narrated the dream and the evident effeoi it produced on her, that, be made a memorandum of the date and time, and tried to laugh her oat of her fears. And now tomes the strange sequel—the last mall brought the intelligence of the lady's mother having died at the time of the dream. By the arrival of the s.s. Gothenburg we have New Zealand files to later dates; but the news they contain is of little importance. A telegram from Napier, dated May 26, states that "the enemy are in some force, and that the friendly natives, under Hamlin, have killed one Hau-han and captured a canoe. Hopata has expressed his willingness to enter upon a spring campaign, and scour all the Uriwera country, upon the principle of no work done no pay " In consequence «f the frequent recurrence of floods on the Taieri Plain, several farmers of that district have resolved to abandon their holdings. A system of telegraphic money orders had been arrauged at Wellington, and would be bronght into operatian almost immediately- Anxiety had been felt at Wellington regarding the fate •if the schooner Isabella Jackson, which saiied for Lyttelton on April 28. and had not since been heard of. The ketch Folly, from Lyttelton, had been wrecked on the Kaiapoi bar, and two men were drowned. The Hall contract, for the San Francisco mail contract, was viewed with some dissatisfaction at Wellington, and a deputation had visited the Postmaster- General on the subject. A general meeting of natives is to be held at Parihaka on the 18th September by Te Whiti and Tohi. Messengers had been sent to all purts of the island. The object of the meeting is to reestablish a general peace. Te Whiti says that Taranaki commenced, the war, and Taranaki must end it. Lady Bowes was suffering from severe indispoBition. A. coloured man named George Ionert died last week at Romaey from exposure and want of nourishment. Although the poor fellow showed most nnmlstakeable signs of illutss, it would appear from the evidence or the witnesses taken at the inquest that he had been harshly treated by those he sought for aid. At one place he was hunted off the premises under threat of being struck with a stock-whip. 