THE YOTE OF INFALLIBILITY, We have from Rome the following : — " At the public sitting of the Council on the 18th inst., the formal vote on the dogma of infallibility was taken, when 533 placets against two non-placets were recorded." So the bishops of the Church of Christ have declared to the world what is the truth regarding the ex cathedra pronounce ments of the Sovereign Pontiff. We shall now see the power of Catholicity in its fulness, and how small and ridiculous by the side of it is all the opposition of fragmentary sects, and how puerile the vaticination of beer-inspired special correspondents. The vote of an unerring Council, hav- ing given the decision, we shall behold the edifying spectacle of those who, whilst the question was an open one pos sessed a liberty of speech, which upon this point exists now no longer, and who are quite aware that if they served the cause of the Church by their free manner of arguing (thus showing the world they were under no undue restraint), they can at present serve her and save themselves only by an act of the most reasonable, most honorable, humility. In reviewing the conduct of those who are opposed to us in matters of religion, especially in connection with the General Council of the Vatican, it is indeed diffi cult to suppress our contempt. For how has the world acted from the commencement of this (Ecumenical Coun cil down to the present moment? It began by announcing that it had no concern at all, not the least interest in the, matter, that the time was passed when States, or monarchs, or people could be influenced by, or could care the sligh test for an ecclesiastical affair of this kind. Having thus in its own language, delivered itself of a good deal of blas phemy, it instantly set to work to ap point special correspondents to report upon every chance word, every un guarded look. Home was put in a state of moral siege ; intelligence was to be forced from people, news must be ob tained, no matter its price, and when the reunions, the soiree, the scandal parties, are not able to " afford enough, then the imagination must be taxed, and the powers of invention employed. True or false, whot did it signify, so long as John Bull was supplied duly every morning at breakfast time, with a long account of what the fathers did, what they said, even what they thought P What is more easy or more simple than the compilation of a news budget in the following style : — " I am informed by re liable authority that the bishop of so-and- so, &c.; or, "It is rumoured the car dinal is not at all satisfied, <fec., ;" or, c 1 The report is current that a certain great personage is about to bring great influence to bear upon the patriotism of certain bishops, &c.; ;" and Englishmen did not seem to comprehend that all this feminine feverishness to get news from Home, and tittle-tattle regarding the Council, was hardly consistent with the declaration of — " What does it matter to us what the fathers decide, or what the Pontiff declares !" In fact, from first to last, it has been in the words of Scripture, "Iniquity lying to itself." In spite of all that assumption of a bastard philosophical indifference, the enemies of the Catholic Church have been from the beginning of this Council in a perfect panic, " for that which was to come upon them." They hold a very deeply seated suspicion that the Church is a power, and one with which they can not deal, and for which they have been able to invent no weapon of destruction. In all this that we have said is to be found the real cause of the howling rage, of the malicious inventions, and of the diabolical threats, which since the com mencement of this first Council of the Vatican has added new infamy to the dishonored press of Protestantism. How what is it that has been defined ? That the Sovereign Pontiff, speaking to the whole Church ex cathedra (as it is called), that is, proposing something as the head of the Church to the Universal Church, cannot err ; in other words, is infallible in his utterances in that position. Is this anything new ? Why, Suarez, two and a half centuries ago maintained it, saying, " all Catholic Doctors teach the same, it is certain defide , and this power of infallibility in the Pontiff, the General Councils have recognized." All theologians, worthy of the name, have taught this infallibility as a certain truth, and we need hardly say that any bishop in the Vatican Council who has wished this point to remain undefined, has done so merely upon some ground of inoppor- tuneness, not in the least because it had not been the teaching of theology , or was novel. Papal infallibility does not mean that the Pope is impeccable. It does not mean that in philosophy, politics, physical science, mathematics, history, literature, art, &c.;, the Sovereign Pontiff is guarded from error. Only in his own position as head of the Church of Christ, teaching the Church in matters of faith and morals, and general discipline, is he secured by God the Holy Ghost against the possi bility of error. Could any article of faith be more reasonable ? As to all that has been written in the .. Protestant papers on this subject, it must be clsssed under two heads — ignorance and falsehood; both in the "long run," singularly impotent. For the ignorance which is honest will give way before the Catholic instructor, and the falsehood that is wilful will find a resting-place in minds only that are already criminai and cor rupt. The oward march of the true faith will not be staved neither bv stnniditv nor guilt.— -Universe. A dispatch from the Hague, dated July 28, announces that a sea fight took place on the day before between two French vessels of war and some Prussian gunboats, not far from Cuxhaven, on the coast of Hanover, when one of the latter was sunk. 