ODDS AND ENDS. It is very difficult to keep your own peace of mind— if people thrust pieces of theirs upon you. When does aman impose upon himself ? — When he taxes his memory. A flirt's heart is like an omnibus — it -always has room for one moro. Rustichs, in commenting on the present style of female coiffure, says : — ' It must be very poor soil that requires so much top-dressing.' A Wisconsin paper mentions a case where UUliliUlo UlUfcLO 1HLU u. ouuiu, uuu uiiu guuuo *-t;it; marked so high they would not take any away. Goldsmith thought people should, write their own flattering epitaphs, and then live up to them. A sagacious philosopher has observed that if tho earth really is hollow, we all live upon a mere crust. A Chicago lady lately dropped one of her eye brows in tho church pew, and dreadfully frightened a young man sitting next to hor, who thought it was his moustache General von Moltko is a very taciturn man. Ho is also a great linguist. Hence somo ono made tho mot upon him recently that ' ho knew how to hold his tongue in eight languages.' In a police court a witness, being asked how ho knew certain persons were man and wife, re plied, 'Why, hang it, haven't I heard. him scold mor'u fifty times !' A man has been I' eld for trial for being found in the company of thieves. We .should dearly love to know if politicians are to be debarred from electioneering. — San Francisco JVews Letter. Just a Little Fishy. — A mathematical young lady, being asked to give a definition of an acute angle, described it to her governess as an angle for a husband which was sharp enough to hook a hundred thousand pounder. — Punch. French Ladies in Mourning. — A London firm has contracted to supply a house in Paris with six thousand mourning bonnets and sixty thou sand yards of crape within the next fortnight, and at Berlin the orders given arc far greater. An Irishman, officiating as chairman of a club, was annoyed at the tumult created by a set of. un ruly members, and astonished them by vocife^at- ? ing, ' Jintlemen, will yees come to arder ? If you only kape silent, you may make as much noise as youplaze !' A gentleman presented himself at the dcor of a French cabinet minister, and the guard refused to let him in. ' It is all changed here, sir ; your friend has been removed.' ' Impossible,' was the answer ; 'my friend is always the man who is in office.' The editor of the Southern Churchman makes the following extraordinary threat to the Ritual ists : — ' For it is evident if some of us are going to wear copes, and others of us nothing but sur plices, others of us will discard the use of all garments whatsoever.' Billings says that 'A lie iz like nitro glycerine, the best ov judges kant tell when it is going tew burst and skatter confusion ; ' and again, that ' Lieing is like trieing tew hide in a fog ; if yu move about yure in danger uv bump ing yure head agin the truth, and as soon as the fog blows oph yu are gone anyhow.' Three Times a Widow through War.— The wife of a carpenter at Berlin has for the third time within' eight years been made a widow by the fortune of .war. She married for the first time in 1861, and in 1864 her husband fell at Duppel ; in 1865 she again married a carpenter, who was killed at Konnigratz in 1866 ; the third time she espoused a carpenter, who met his death, at RezonvUle. ,; * A Humorous Mal-apropos Incident. — Tho following humorous mal-apropos incident is re corded :— It happened the other day that the Crown Prince of Prussia praised the Bavarians for their bravery in the presence of some soldiers belonging to that corps. ' Yes, your Royal Highness,' remarked one of them, ' had you only led us in 1866' (meaning the time when they were fighting against Prussia) ' we should havo beaten those confounded Prussians.' A Good Case for the Divorce Court.— A Boston clergyman who is fond of dogs bought a couple of pups of rare breed, while on a visit to New York, and left them with a , dog fancier to train. On returning home one day he found his wife, abetted by her mother, about to -quit his house and apply for a divorce, on the basis of the following telegram from the dog fancier, which had come for him a few hours before : — ' The little darlings are doing well, and looking lovely. Send money for their board.' A Sharp Actress. — A merchant in Berlin, having failed to obtain the hand of an opera singer, purchased two dresses and sent them to her to make her choice, saying he would call to know her decision. Shortly, however, before the hour when he had intended to set out on his errand, the merchant received from his beloved a billet-doux to the following effect : — ' Of tho dresses you have sent, I like one quite as well as the other. I will, in fact, keep both, so that you have no need to call !' ? The Follies of Mankind. —I have observed one ingredient somewhat necessary in a man's composition towards happiness, which people of feeling would do well to acquire — a certain re spect for the follies of mankind ; for there are so many fools whom the world entitles to regard, whom accident has placed in heights of which they are unworthy, that he who cannot restrain his contempt or indignation at the sight will be too often quarrelling with the disposal of things to relish that share which is allotted to himself. — Mackenzie. ? ' Will you do me a favor !' says young Brooks to his wealthy friend, Simon Hansom. 'What is it, George ?' said Hansom. ' I wish you to lend me a nundred dollars, sir.' 'Call af my counting-house,' rejoined Hansom. George was not long in paying his respects. 'What security now vnn nitra ma trnnnfr rronfiomOTi I'1 ' f IVTv personal security, sir.' 'Very well, get in iere,' says Hansom, lifting up the lid of a large iron chest. ' Get inhere ! exclaimed George, in istonishment, ' what for ?' ' Why this is where [ always keep my personal securities.' An Hospital Story. — Touching and amusing hospital stories begin to be current ; for instance, ft Prussian and a Frenchman find themselves op posite to each other ; both fire, and both aro wounded. Presently they find themselves in two adjoining beds of an ambulance ; the Frenchman was of Lorraine, and spoke a little German. Of course, talking soon commenced, and in an hour or two they were fast friends, and. began planning the most amicable arrangements for — 'after tho war.' ' Ah !' said the German, ' if you knew what a fine grocery I have at Lidelberg ! If you do not promise to come and spend a month with me when- the campaign is over, I shall not believe in your friendship.' 'No, no,' was the reply ; 'that cannot be till you have tasted the nice little Moselle wine that we make at home.' A Photographic Novelty.— The other day a young and pretty woman presented herself at tho gallery of a celebrated Paris photographer, and expressed a wish to have her picture taken. As the artist was adjusting tho Gamera, the lady proceeded to pose herself by drawing a pistol and placing it to Her temple. '' What aro you doing, Madam ?' cried tho astonished photographer. ' I really can't permit you to blow out -your brains here ; it would ruin my business ; besides it is a shame to spoil so pretty a face.' ' I don't tuwuu tu uu uujr tiling ui uuw buiu, cmswereu tuo lady. ' My lover has left me, and I wish to send him my photograph taken in this position, with word that if he does not soon return to my feet this will be the result.' The photographer bowed and executed the portrait, which duly reached its destination. ' Photograph of a Ghost. — The city . of St. Lawrence, Massachusetts, has been thrown into a state of great excitement, and not without just fiansfi. It spfims from tlio nrwiunt. r»ivr-n in flm New York Herald that an elderly lady lately died in a house on Broadway, in that place. On the day after the funeral', a lady who happened to be visiting one of the tenants of the same house accidentally happened to turn licr eyes upwards, and distinctly saw the figure of tho deceased lady at tho attic window. Iu great con sternation she communicated the circumstance to the other occupants of the building, ami' in ;t short time the entire neighborhood were made acquainted with the interesting fact, aid with their own eyes witnessed tno phenomenon. Various means were tried to expungo the photo graph of tho ghost from tho glass, bus all in vain; and at last, owing to the crowds that assembled,. it was found necessary to removo tho sash. Dr. Wm. Di Lamb, an eminent physician, subse quently obtained permission to remove the sash to his office in Essex-street, where it lias been examined by 'intelligent and scientific men.' somo of whom are of opinion that the departed must have been photographed upon the wiudo.y pane by tho action of lightning when sitting in the room before her death. It is a most iiMcqin fortable story, audit is to bo hoped .that the in telligent and scientific men will not leave tho window-sash alone until they have thoroughly sifted the mystery. 