The Sydney Morning Herald. TUESDAY, APRIL 12, 1870. As the motion for the adoption of the Report of the Select Committee on Railways is set down for this afternoon, and is then to take precedence of all other business, it will be convenient to those of our readers who may not have leisure to peruse the whole of the evidence, if we summarise those portions of it which specially refer to the adoption of horse-power on future extensions. The evidence relates to many other important topics besides this, although, as an inquiry, it is in many respects incomplete. But the adop- tion of horse- power railways is the ptincipal recommendation of the report, and it is to this that attention will be principally directed. This, therefore, is the chief point on which it is desirable to see what the evidence was, and how far it supports the advice tendered by the Committee to Parliament. Mr. J. H. THOMAS, formerly Engineer for Existing Lines, and now Inspecting Engineer, gave evidence to the following effect :—The cost per train mile run (omitting fractions) in 1865, was 54 pence; in the following year, 52 pence; in the following year, 46 pence ; in the following year, 45 pence ; and the following year, 49 pence. This was equivalent to a cost in 1865 of £811 per mile of line per annum, in 1866 to £737, in 1867 to £565, in 1868 to £585, and in 1869 to £579. The cost of maintenance during the same succession of years was £211, £188, £183, £122, £159 respectively ; and the cost of maintenance and work- ing together was £811, £737, £565, £585, £579 respectively. The cost of main- taining a light locomotive line would, he estimates, he about £50 per mile, and the cost of working about £120 or £170 alto- gether. The cost of maintaining a horse tramway would, he estimates, be about £40 per mile, and the cost of working about £80, or £120 altogether; that is £50 per mile less than that of the light locomotive line, but its capabililies would not be so great. A horse tramway of 3-feet gauge and 25-lb. rails can, he thinks, be laid along the line of road, making use of the present bridges where practicable, or constructing others, where found necessary, for £1500 a mile. A light railway of 3-feet gauge and 40-lb. rails, employing locomotive engines of from 10 to 14 tons weight, can be laid along the line of road, making use of the present bridges where practicable, and constructing others where found necessary to do so, for the sum of £2500 per mile. His detailed estimates for a mile of each sort of line are as follows :— For a horse tramway :— Rails, 40 tons, at £10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . £400 Sleepers, 1700, at 2s. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 176 Spikes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10 Laying, at 3s. per yard . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 264 Ballasting, at 3s. ditto. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 264 Stabling, every 20 miles . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25 Stations, offices, ditto . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25 Bridges other than those on road. . . . . . . 100 Small cuttings, drainage, &c.; . . . . . . . . . . . 200 Superintendence, &c.; . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . £1500 For the light locomotive railway :— Rails, say 63 tons, at £10 . . . . . . . . . . . £630 Sleepers, 1760, at 2s. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 176 Spikes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 Laying, at 3s. per yard. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 264 Ballasting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 264 Sheds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25 Station, offices, &c.; . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25 Bridges other than those on road . . . . 400 Small cuttings, draining, &c.; . . . . . . . . 600 Water-tanks, signals, &c.; . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 Superintendence, &c.; . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . £2500 A thousand miles of either description of line could be laid in five years, at a less cost than the above estimates. Either style of line could be constructed and main- tained at less cost than a common road, and in some parts of the colony a macadamised road cannot be made at all for want of blue metal. The sums we pay for forming and maintaining our roads would very soon cover the country with a cheap and expeditiously laid mode of conveyance quite sufficient to meet all our requirements for years to come. It pays to construct and take up cheap works, and substitute others more substantial when the first have done their task of opening up the country to settlement, and when the larger population can afford to pay for the better means of communication. This country cannot bear the cost of continuing the present system. Six millions sterling have penetrated a very little way into the country, and beyond the present termini the traffic diminishes. A break of gauge would be no serious inconvenience, Mr. THOMAS is not so favourably inclined to a horse as to locomotive lines, but he sees no difficulty in working them. Cheaper lines could be con- structed on the present gauge, but then it would be necessary to use lighter rolling stock, and this would equally with a break of gauge involve a shifting of the goods from one truck to another. Fencing might be dispensed with beyond the present termini. Mr. RICHARD LLOYD gave evidence as follows :-- On the Continent there are several horse-power lines. There is one thirty miles long near Paris on a main road, but the traction is very expensive. Many have been transformed into light locomotive lines, as steam-power is the cheaper. It will not do to have steeper inclines on horse railways than on locomotive lines. The cost of the permanent-way is much the same in both cases. On one railway in France two motive powers were both tested-horse-power being used for six months, and steam for six months, the distance bting five miles. The business was heaviest at the time the horses were employed. They drew 26,000 tons, and the locomotive only 18,000 tons, but the cost of the horse-traction waj about a penny farthing per ton per mile, and that of the locomotive trac- tion only about seven-tenths of a penny. There are several light locomotive lines on the Con- tinent on a nurrow gauge. One in the South of France cost £2500 a mile, with a rail of 33 lbs., and engines of 12 tons. The rate of speed is about ten or twelve miles an hour. A light railway, with our existing gauge, might be made here for about £5000 a mile, or with very rigid economy for £4000; but on the level plainsjof the interior the coBt might be kept down to £2500. Steam is the cheapest motive power. The food for horses will cost fifteen times as much as the fuel for an engine of correspond- ing power. It will require 28 horses to do the effective work of a 12 ton ergine. Mr. MASON, the Chief Assistant Engineer for Railways, gave evidence to the following effect:-The Southern extension to Yass is estimated to cost £10,312 per mile; ¡the Western, from Bathurst to Orange, £11,244: and the Northern, from Murrurundi to Tam- worth, £9711 per mile. This is the estimate for continuing the present style or' work. The cost might be lessened £l!00 per mile by using a lighter rall and putting the sleepers closer together, and using a lighter rolling-stock. JlVitness bad seen several horse-tramwiys in England, but they were always exîhanged for locomotive line s where there was my con- siderable traffic. A horse-power line night do for branches, but all main lines shouldbe laid for steam traction. On a gradient ofione in 20 a hoise's power is only about onetan and a quarter. Many of our present riads are on gradients of one in eight, and i\ would require considerable detours to keep|to the level. If extra cheapness is desired i would be better to have a lighter descripion of railway, and not to break the presentí gauge. A nairow gauge line would cost five or six thousand pounds per mile. There is not any very great saving in reducing the gauge, except when, the excavation are heavy. The cost of the Queensland, lines has ranged from £6000 to £15,000 per mile ; but the prices for the dearer work were extravagant. They use 22-ton engines in Queensland on a 40lb. rail ; but the weight is too heavy, and the rails buckle. The speed. varies from twelve to twenty miles an hour. There is nothing better than a railway for opening up a country, but a fair locomotive line cannot be made for £5000 a mile. Mr. P. F. ADAMS, the Surveyor-General, said he would like to see a system of horse tramways if they could be constructed suit- able to the requirements of the colony but he never saw one yet of a pittern that would answer. They all have some d the defects of the road and the railroad, The vibration of the rails is very great, and the horse's track is always in one position. The coal tramways ' at Newcastle had all been superseded by steatri- power. At present, the best thing we can do is to continue the macadamised roads. Mr. WniTTON, the Engineer-in-Chief, gave evidence on the subject as follows:-The cost of the extension could be reduced by £2000 a mile, but the road would be an inferior one. Wo might dispense with the U6e of the chairs and the double-headed rail, have a steel rail of contractor's pattern, and put on leas ballast. But this rail would only last half the time the double-headed rail would. He preferred not to have railways at all unless they were good. His impres- sion was that to make a locomotive line for £4000 a mile was to throw the money away. He' would rather have a macadamised road. It is impossible to say what a cheap locomo- tive line will cost unless the nature of the works on it were known. It is a moot ques- tion whether the weight of passenger carriages can be materially lightened." They are trying it in England, but have not yet succeeded. On the Windsor line the engines weigh 16 tona, and can take a load of 40 tons up the iodines of 1 in 33. If the Victorian line to Albury only costs £6000 a mile it will not be a line fit to travel over. Mr. C. MAYES gave the following evidence : -There was a horse tramway made between Melbourne and the Yan Yean for the purpose of taking up the water mains. It did not cost more than £1000 a mile. It was made wholly of timber- rails as well as sleepers. It was 19 miles long. Two horses took two pipes ; each pipe weighing about 30 cwt. It was worked for a year, and afterwards abandoned. As a rule it would be cheaper to employ steam power than horseflesh. But locomotives I might run on wooden rails, toppeï with bar iron as in America. It will be seen from the above analysis that none of the witnesses advocated horse-power railways on the trunk lines. Mr. THOMAS, who is the most favourable to the experiment, does not recommend it, but gives the preference to a light locomotive line. Nor does he profess that his estimates are more than very general and theoretical. They are not based on actual experience,' and assume throughout that no land will have to be pur- chased, and that part of the main roads will be available for the tramway. Mr. LLOYD'S evidence is the most specific as to the relative cost of horse and steam power, but it still re- mains an undetermined question as to the minimum traffic which justifies the use of steam. Unless it could be made quite clear that for a term of years the traffic on the pro- posed extensions would be below the point at which the use of steam is an economy, the evidence is wholly against the construction of horse-power lines. THE European telegram this month places us in possession of news up to the 15th of March. There is nothing in it of very sensational in- terest", unless it be the duel between two' Royal personages " The Lion and the Unicorn, Fighting for the Crown}" and the death of one combatant with a bullet in his brain. The quarrel between Prince HBNRY or BOURBON and the Duke de MONT TENSIER, we suppose to have arisen from their several endeavours to grasp the Spanish sceptre, and it is more than, probable that the dead Prince is not the last who will fall in this cause. We read with satisfaction of her MAJESTY'S improved health, and of her intention to make good her late attempt to re- enter public life. Tlie wave of legislation in the British Parliament is at full tide, for though many of the leading stars are eclipsed by bed curtains, and " ordered " into retirement by the family doctor, the amount of business to be done was never greater. Encouraged by the absence of their natural leaders private members are trying their hands at the initiation of bills with an assurance and activity quite unprecedented. Thus one member is bent upon securing the disestablishment of the Welsh Church, and the alienation of its funds for purposes of education, and Mr. TORRENS attempts to get the agreement of the Govern- ment to a grant of two millions sterling for the shipment of emigrants to British colonies, and unfortunately meets with a defeat. Mr. GLADSTONE, although suffering from indisposition, is well enough to take care of his Irish Land Bill, which, notwithstanding the criticism of Mr. DISRAELI, was read a second time, the divisions showing 422 to 11. Nor is the Premier satisfied with according justice to Ireland. He intends also to accord her peace by laying the ghost of rebellion. He is not about to employ mystical incantations-- not bell, book, and candle-- no -nor "rosewater " of which, with CARLYLE, we consider there has been more than enough. He is going about his woik in a business-like strong-headed way, which will commend itself in time even to those whom it most concerns. He says in effect : " While England is doing her utmost to do justice to Ireland, she is determined that order shall be preserved." Most of"our readers will hear of the introduction by the Government of the Bill " for the better pre- sen ation of life and property in Ireland," with evident feelings of pleasure. It will be almost more thun was to be expected, per- haps, after the weakness shown in liberating the rebels. It is not supposed that the Irish people as a whole have any sympathy with agrarian riots and bloodthirsty ruffianism. They demand protection, and desire to enjoy the same peace as Scotland-in union with. England. Through the stern provisions of Mr. GLADSTONE'S bill, we seem to see glimpses of a happier time for poor Ireland. Colonial topics are still agitating the public mind. Earl GRANVILLE seems to have plenty of work on hand to explain away his unpalat- able sentiments. No one appears to have asked him what he meant by the oratorical flourish about "the last ship, the last man, and the last shilling," expressive of the entire devotion of England to her colonies. That is the feeling of the British nation; but we txpect that his Lordship has been led by some abstract writers on colonisation theories. The.lesson of self-reliance is to be learnt, however, by the withdrawal of the British Regiments ; but Colonel WHITMORE, M'LEAN, and the friendly Chiefs are to be distinguished for their services. Some changes in the naval power are to be made, and, as we expected, a ship is to be sent to check the effects of the kidnapping system fostered by the Queensland "Polynesian Labourers' Act." There will be no items of English news more favourably received by residents in the colony than those which apply to two staple i Australian commodities- wool and meat, i It is cheering to find that wool is still " up." The sales seem to have gone off well, and , to have ended with a firm tone in favour of the seller. The rise is said to be from one halfpenny to a penny. Some .readers will demur to- meat being placed among9t the staple commodities. We have, perhaps, given it the place it should have rather than the one it has. Bat if the reputation of Australian meat extends during the year at the present rate, and the establishments for preserving continue to increase both hero and in Victoria, the sale of 100 tons of colonial preserved-meat in London will be a matter that will be passed over without special reference. iNow, however, it seems a great thing in our eyes that so large a quantity was_ disposed of by Mr. TALLER MAN, at public auction, and at prices that weie satisfactory. The fact of the projection of the "Central Queensland Meat-Preseiving Company, with £45,000 capital, implies the existence of a wakeful agency in London. A glance over the items of news shows that France has been perturbed, but is now quiet. The storm has threatened ; but the EMPEROR. has deftly drawn the lightning from the thunder-cloud, and discharged it innocuous to the ground. He seems to have dealt patiently and firmly with his opponents, and to have gained friends in the Chamber and beyond its limits by his conduct. The last news told of him is that a want of confidence motion against the Government was turned into a vote of confidence expressed by 235 against 18. The process of disarmament goes on in deference to public desire. Amongst the distinguished dead we now note the name of MONTALEMBERT. The deceased CHARLES FORBES, Count de MONTA LEMBEKT, was the foremost leader of the Liberal Catholic party. He commenced life as a violent advocate of Ultramontane and Legitimist principles, but falling under the enlightened influence of the Abbé LAMENNAIS, his political opinions underwent a complete I change. While he retained his belief in the doctrines of the Romish Church and the ecclesiastical polity of Rome, he became a I thorough Liberal in politics. The sincere" union of these opinions in the same person, being considered a rare occurrence, the good faith of the man was for some time suspected. He waa supposed to be sailing with Pap ii orders under Liberal colours. His union with Lours NAPOLEON, after the Revolution, rather favoured this idea, which subse- quent events extinguished. He venti- lated his liberal views " in a manner particularly displeasing to the EMPEROR. I Not that he said anything particular against the Empire ; but he said so much in favour of English institutions and English freedom that the inference was inevitable on the part of any mind capable of forming a compaiison, No utteiance of his has come to our ear con- cerning recent proceedings at Rome ; but it is easy to understand his position by the re- membrance of what he said after reading the POPE'S Encyclical :-" Is it possible for me to remain in loyal allegiance to my Sovereign, and to remain in lojal allegiance to my spiritual sovereign, the PorE ? " This is a question which the Ocumenical Council probably helped him to solve, as it will help many others before the last scene of the drama at St. Peter's is played out. Of the fate of the POPE'S dogma we know nothing : we are only told that, braving the displeasure of several of the Governments of Europe, he propounded it. He has his own way of doing things, as is very apparent iu the" present case. He believes himself strong in the attribute of infallibility, and therefore pro- ceeds step by step to an end that is discerned probably by all save himse»f. The Opposition stands firm, and many things are leaking out through the Council that savour too much of the practices that characterise the proceedings of our own Legislative Chambers when the Ins and Outs are striving for office, without any particular regaid for the means by which they secure" their purposes. In Spain there is nothing of moment beyond what has been mentioned. It is difficult to see how things will be settled there. In Germany, both in the North and South, there are evi- dences of consolidation and progress. Abso- lutism is giving way, and the ruler taking his proper place in the nation. With the exception of the satisfactory intelli- gence of the successful laying of the Red Sea Cable from Suez to Bombay, nothing of moment remains to be noted. 