COENEE EOE EOMAN CATHOLICS. We give the folloAving to our Eoman Catliolic colonists for consideration, from their own standard books. It Avill sIioaa' them the truculent and atrocious spirit of their Church to Avai'ds Protestants, and Avfil, jirobably, so horrify them that they Avill doubt or deny the truth of our quota tions : — In Dec. Gkegory IX. lib, de hereticis, a heretic is defined to be a man " avIio, in any Avay Avhatever, or by Avhatever vain argument, is led aAvay and dissents from the orthodo.x faith and Catholic Eeligion Avhich is professed by the Church of Eome." The circumstance by Avhich a '-heretic" is distinguished from an "Infidel " or a " Jew " is " baptism ; and, therefore, all Protestants avIio are " baiitised," no matter by Avhom, ' by pilest, ministei", surgeon, midwife, or ordinary layman; are ''here tics and thb remedies pr"escribed, accord ing to canon laAv, for here.sy, are these : — "It is commanded that archbishops and bishops, either per.sonallyj or by their arch- : deacons or other ' fit pereons, go thi'ough and visit their dioceses Once ortAvice every year, and enquire for heretics, and persons suspected of heresy. Princes, or other .supreme poAvers in the commonAvealth, are to be admonished and required to purge their dominions from the filth of heresy. This Avork of purgation is to be con ducted in the folloAving manner :—-i?Yrs?, by excommwvication. This sentence is to be pronounced not only on" notorious hei'"etics," and those suspected of heresy, but 'also on those Avho harbour, defend or assist them, or toho converse familiarly with them, or trade avith them, or hold communion of any sort Avith them. ieconMy, jhy proscription from all offices, ecclesiastical or civil— from all public duties and private rights. Thirdly, by confiscation of all their goods. And, fourthly,, by death', sometimes by the SAVord — more commonly by Jire. — Now, if , anybody supposesthatthese are not genuine statements from Eoman Catholic Avorks, Ave refer him to the Jus canonicum, juxta ordinem librorutn and titulorum qui in decretalibus Jilpistolis Gregorii IX., 1g88. Again, Pope Honorius 11, in his decretal, speaks in a precisely similar style. Un der the head " lie Hereticis," he gives liis mind of all dissentients from Eome, that is, all protestants, in this Avay : " and all heretics of both sexes, and of every name, Ave damn, to perpetual infamy ; Ave declare against them ; Ave account them ac. cursed, and their goods confiscated; nor c in they ever enjoy their 2n"operty, or their children succeed to their inheritence ; inasmuch as they grieA'ously offend against the Eternal as Avell as the temioral king ! !" The decree then goes on to declare that if princes will not purge then" king doms of heretics and heresy, their lands are to be taken from them, and given to others Avho Avill 1 Again, Decret. Gregorii, lib. v., tit. Vllj enjoins for temporal princes as they xooxdd be accounted faithful, to make oath to en deavour, iom7jc?e Avith all their might to extirpate from their territories all heretics marked the , Church . and if theyAvill nob do so they are to be bound by the fet ters of excommunication for one year ; and then if they Avill still neglect their duty in hunting out Protestant heretics, their sub ject! are to be absolved from the oath of allegiance, and their kingdoms to be be. - stoAv'ed upon good Cat holies ! ! Again, Decreti, jiars. ii, causa» XXIII, i3ay.s, " Those are not to be accounted ho micides, Avho, fired Avith zeal for mother church, may have killed excommunicated I)er.sons ! !" ' And again, The Bull in Gcenoe Domini ex liidlario Laertii cherubmi Romae 1638, Ave find this curse annually jironounced against all Protestants of every name. The Pope, Avith his Cardinals, in solemn form, on every Maunday Thursday, for the jmrpose of exercising the spiritual Avord of ecclesias tical disciiline, 'I'ououncos this curse . Avhich shuts them out of hope of sah'ation, and consigns them to the perdition of ever lasting misery: — "We excommunicate and anathematize, in the name of Almighty God, Father Son and Holy Ghost, and by the authority of the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and by onr oAvn, all Hassites, Wichliphites,, Lutherans, Zuinglians, Oalvi- nists, Hugonets, Anabajjtists, and apos tates from the christian faith, and all other heretics, by AvhatsoeA'er name they may be called, and of tohatsoever sect they may be ! !" The curse tlien goes on to con demn and anathematize all Avho appeal ' from the decrees oi" orders of the Pope ! ! Then all are cursed Avho dare to bi-ing eccle.siastical nowei".s befovo Ilii> bunals ! ! Then all are ciUAsed aa'Iio hinder ecclesiastical personages from the discharge of those duties and, functions Avhicli tlie Pope has given them ! ! And still again, all are cursed avIio usurp any -jimsdiction revenues and emoluments belonging tb tho Ajio-itolic See of Eome ! If our Eoman Catholic 'SOjile Avould consider" that this fearful curse, launched at all Protestants in this colony as Avell as throughout the Avox'ld, is ironounced eveiy year against their felloAv colonists they Avould surely be shocked at the jii'ide and tyranny and a'iolence of their iiriests. But they Avlll not read. And Avhen these things are pointed out to them by Protestant and Protestant qiapens, they raise the cry, that they are falsehood.s. We refer them, Iioav- eyer, to the original decrees. We shall give our .Eoman Catholic colonists, from tune to time, a fcAV. more sjiecimens of the cursing and malevolent spirit of theii" so called Holy Church. The Grand Mokuya CuAiiaES.— The report Avliicli has appeared in the papers of this investi- gation. before Judge McFarland, against Mr. OasAveU, .Police Magistrate of Moruya, Arill have been read Avith amusement, if not with indigna. tion, by the Protestant public. A. Eomish com mittee (for the said comuiittce is essentially Romish), got up for the purpose of gathermg up cases and charges against the P. M., liaving scouredtlie country for suchcases, brought no less AhairtAventyniiree before the Judge. Deter- mined to bolster up a petition or memorial from the discontented of the district to the Colonial secretary, praying for the removal of Mr. CasAvell, the said committee, headed by -a . Piomanist J.P., has collected money and hunted up eA""ery conceivable gi-ieA'ance within the last elevm years, in order to make out something agauist him. The spirit of the said committee seems to have been diabolical. The most trum. pery and frivolous objections which some worth- less creatures could allege against Mr. CasAvell, Avere gravely put doAvn as charge number so and so, uj) to the 'twenty -tlihd. But as the cases were called before the Judge, and the grave and learned Popish prosecutor, the Gaimon J.'P., who seemed willing and ready to prove anything, 1 one charge broke dowi after another, and the Judge justified the Police Magistrate in one I point after another, until the whole matter was reduced to this — Mr. Caswell, in his well-inten tioned zeal, desiring to keej) a witness from com municating with others outside, put her into a room and shut the <loor, mitil she should be re called ; and then, in expressing his feeling at the way some Komanistshad treated him, and es pecially atthc insolent contempt and domineering of Father Garvey, he used the " j-ather .strong" expression, that he felt himself "persecuted!" We do not know what the report of the Judge will be, but we see that Mr, Caswell, at the suggestion of the Judge, withdrew the expres sion, "i)ersecuted," as "too strong." The Humanists do not like such an expression to be used respecting them ; but they have no scruple, after the example of their furious and domhieer- ing priests, to S2)eak, even in letters to the Colonial Secretary, against a Protestant Police Magistrate, of "sulphurous fiamcs of religious rancour ! " If a Police Magistrate does not yield to the domineering claims of a Komish jnicst, the priest at once speaks of "persecution," and of "sulphurous llames of religious rancour;" but if the Police Magistrate dares express his feeling that ho considers himself " jmrsecuted," the ex2)rossion is "too strong," and it must needs be withdrawn ! The Pojish committee have done their best, and also their worst, to get U2> a case against Air. Ciiswell ; but their con duct has been both vexatious and inquisitorial. ThOyhave threatened all manner of things ;-but their jjompous chai ges have ended in smoke, and the P.M. is now loft to learn, if he has never learned before, that there are ijcrsecutors around him, lurking for any fall or .slqj, and that there fore it behoves him to be all the more watchful that he catch none of the "fumes of the suljjhu- rous rancour of the Poihsh iriest and i3arty. " JjSEiiRATA. — Make the following corrections in the leader " Alagnificant Sxjecch," in last issue : — 4th j)age, 3rd colunm, for " any which," laad " any lltin;/ which.", Page 3tV, Col. 2nd, for "jmtiUlions," road petitions. Second ijageCol. 3rd, for " cdebacy" read " eelibaey," — For " ne' ccsity," read " necessity." Same col., for " aleni- . ation pcrminenl," read, alienation permanent. '- for lecher ours," read "lecherous." For "for an ftpjupo.ws," read "asitin-opo.ses." &c.; Stuanok CoiNcrDENOi!. — A friend of oui-s the other day having occasion to turn to that elnap- ter 'ih the book of Kings, (1. Kings, 18,1!)) which sjjcaks of the number of the Priests of Baal who contended with the Proidiet .Elijah concerning the true God, was struck when ho found that the number of those priests, 450, is precisely the number of the priests who, at the Vatican Council contended Avith 88 for declaring the Pope Infjillible ! Of old 450 jiriests declared "for Baal, and voted him infallible, as against the JehoAuih of Israel ; and in 1870 of the new AVorld, 450 priests declared for Pius IX., and voted liLui Infallible, as against the jjrorogatives of the same Jehovah of Israel I llomanists here consider if there is anytliihg instnictive in . this coincidonee, especially as, immediately after ; Baal Avas so a'oted, he Avas hurled from his , throne, and ' immediately after Pius IX. is so yotedi he is driven fi'om Home, and.jnade an cxBe ! A Good Minister of Jesus Christ. — A pasf -sage quoted by 'Dr. McGibbon in his address before the Protestant Institute the other even- ing from Paul's ejjistle to Timothy, deserves the consideration of those Protestant ministers aa'Iio affect to be "good ministers (jf Jesus Christ" by -saying nothing about .Homanism, and avoiding all controversy. The Ajiostle .Paul had just deliA'ered a jii'ophecy to Timothy concerning the qjOAver, and Avorking and false siurit of the Great Apostacy, AAhich all Protestants com- inentators refer to the ap)ostacy of Home ; and, immediately iqmn delivering that striking iro- phecy, Paul says to Tunothy, ' ' If thou jmt the brethi'en in remembrance of these things, thou shaft be a good minister of Jesus Christ." What say our milk-and-Avater and charitable ministers to such a descrq)tion as this of a " good minister of Jesus Ohi'ist'l" Should they not doubt their OAvm characters and change their minds ? St ANDREAV'sCoLLEaE. — Reports have reached us, Avhieh, if true, augur very badly for the suc cess of the election soon to take Jlaee for Council lors and jirmcqial. We luiAm heard that a l.arge . number of new subscribers of one pound have just appeared, and, as each of these has one note,- while .-KIO entitle to only tAVo Amtes, and £25 to three votes, and £50, £100 or .£1000 to no more than /owr Amtes, it is clear that some object is in vieAV, and that the election Arill be influenced to. an unfair degi-ee. But Avhat is Avorse, is, as reported tojus, that certain members of commit tee have been a'cry diligent in eauA'assing for proxies, in toAvn and equntry, that they may nave the jjOAA'er of malcing the election up in a Avay Avhich Avill subserve their OAvn jmiposes. It is alleged that these committee-men haA'e taken adAmhtagc of their official piosition, and official knoAvledge, to caiiA'ass for iwoxies, and of course, every one AAdiich the,y get Avill be used by them to make the Council a reflex of their oaaui AoeAV. But this seems a A'cry misehicA'ous jjowor. If .. the election is to be fair, and the Council to be the choice of the Avhole subscribers, xjroxy pajjers should be sent to the subscribers in suchaAvay that , they should be AA'hblly free <o MuZicaic/oV themselves the clergymen .and Laymen Avhoni they ' wish to be the Council. If the Council of the ' College is to be elected bj"- a foAV Committee men, who, by an aetiA'c cam'ass, haA'c SAveiit the counti'y of j)roxy jiajiers, the Council avUI not be ' the choice of the subscribers, but of the said active canvassers. "And, if this lie the case, the Council Avill begin under a bad omen, and the . seeds' of coiTujition Avill blight the undertaking from the A'ery begimiing. Besides, it is very ' .clear Avbat is the object of this active camaass to ' control the coming election of Councillors ; the subscribers should remember that- the Council lors are aftei'Avards to elect the Principal. Koav, as this is the case, -ilioso Avho have jiroxies to SAvay.the election of tlib Councillors, a\'ill really ' havcthejjOAvertoclectthoPrinciiJal. Itisropoited therefore, that some Avho are not " candidates " for the principalship themselves, are actiA'ely engaged to pack the Council so as to shut out from the principalship someAA'ho are candidates. We trast that the subscribei's Avill consider these ' reports, and act nijon them, so far at least as to give their proxies Avith extreme caution. If this be not done, and if it be found that any one ' member of committee has useil his opiiortunities to malce both Council and Princqjal his OAvn nominees, to the exclusion of 2>m'sous to Avhom he is ojijjosod, the Presbyterian College Avill gi\'e to the colony an illustration of " jiatronage in its very Avorst form — AVorse than the patronage aa'hich has AVorked such havoc in ScotLond during the 2)ast 200 years. We rc2)eat here aa'hat avo liaA'e said before. The Principal onyht to be broiiylu from home ; or, better still, from America ; but if the election is to fall on any minister in -the colony, undoubtedly no one has a superior claim to Dr. Lang. ilORE SEMI- PorERA' AT THE SA'DNEY InFIR- jrARV.-Some foAV days ago the Nighting.ale Aving of the Sydney Infirmary, noAV far famed as the jjalatial residence of the lady Suiierior, narrowly escaxied the honour of being the birth place of a ucav -order of religious sisterhood. The lady superior. Lady AI — ,reoently from England, as a member of a iieAV order of religious sisters, Avhose chosen field of operation is the sick poor in cities, and Avhose dress is, as usual, distinct ively marked by , a black cross, &c.;'. Lady Bel- more, some other ladies to Avit, soine of Miss Osburn's Infirmary jn-otegcs. Canon Vidalj Canon Stephen and others, met at the Night ingale Aving to consider the jirojiriety of estab lishing a ncAV sisterhood. The projiosal Avas largely discussed, and the neiv sisterhood, of Order so-and-so, Avas to be placed under the care and direction of .Bishop) Barker. We understand the Dean had been mAnted to the meeting, but he did not go. Wo understand also that the Bishop), Avitli his usual good sense, declined to accepit the sei'a'ices of the noAV sisterhood. . He Avas Avilling enough that the lacUes concerned should giA'C their time and -labour for the good of the sick pioor in. the districts of the city, but lie Avoukl have them to go about their kind mis- sioR AAathoiit the ostentation and Popjish mimici-y of sisterhoods, crosses, and lady Supieriors. And this epiiscopial decision has, Ave understand, so damped the fervour of the pn- ojcctors of the ncAV sisterhood that they liaA'c declined to go on Avith their di'U'itablo Aimrk," since the ecZat of a sisterhood, after the. order of some blessed saint, has been pjcrcmpitorily refused to them ! This Avill help) our Protestant friends, Avhosc faces are steadfastly set against Poper.y, to see Avhat a blessed thing it is for' the country to liaA'c at the Nightingale Aving of the Sydney Infirmary, a lady Supicrior, Avho la'orshipis'at Christ Church ! Lada' Super intendknua'. — It has been reported to us that last Monday a gentleman brought a ease of smike poisioning from the RandAA'ick dis trict to the Sydney Inliimary. The young a\mman referrc'd to had been bitten on the arm that day, and the geiifleman mentioned liaA'ing lirst cut ami sucked the Avound. came in piost haste to the Infirmary. The House Surgeon, Sir. Markey, Avith pronipitness Avhich did him credit, advised the piaticnt to be put to bed, and the necessary apipjlianccs to be got ready. But neither bed, nurse, nor Lady Superintendent Avas pjrcpiared for such a sudden emergency. Everything seemed to be out of dts. place, and so much time Avas lost in setting 'bout the busi ness that the gentleman spiokc some not very compilimentary things about the SupDcrintendeney of the Institution. He threatened to Avrito a letter to the newspiapiers oxpjosing such careless ness and Avant of pircpiaration. But as the iicAVS- papers are not likely to notice such a case — not likely to pn-int such a letter — Ave have thought it as Avell to mention the case, Avithout any further piarticulars, just as a specimen of the Lady Supierintendeiicy of the Lady Supierior. 'Such a case of emergency is a a'ory ordinary one ; but it exhausts the resources of the Listikition ! One aa'ould think that the wards, beds, &c.;, Avould be in readiness for any emergency, and that nurses and sisters and Lady SupDorior Avould be. ready for anything at a moments notice. But no. And the gentleman Ave allude to expecting such readiness, Avas grievously disappiointed. But he did not knoAV, that if the Lady Avore in her oratory, or in the nightingale Aving, consulting about the establishing of a Puseyite sisteriiood, piatieuts must Avait, and excited gentlemen must exercise gentle piatience, until such great con cerns are duly settled I 