THE ABERCROMBIE CAVES. THE Grove Creek, or as they are popularly termed, the Abercrombie Caves; lie about forty-five miles to the west of Bathurst, and are situated on the Grove Creek, about four miles above the confluence of that stream with the river Abercrombie, and about seven miles from Mulgunnia which was formerly a cattle station be- longing to Mr Askell, but is now the residence of Thomas Smith, Esq., J.:P. The traveller who would approach these caves will find some difficulty in carrying his intentions" into' 'practice. "Betsy's Downfall," an incline which has to be descended before the cave's mouth can be reached, is not quite so easy as the fabled decent to Avernus, especially should the ground be in that delightful condition in which it often is after rain; and which, in bush parlance, is designated "greasy". Our travelling reporter has, in our issue of June 25th,.given a vivid sketch of the scenery lying around the mouth of the cave on the outside, but the floods at that time rendered, a thorough examination impracticable owing to the state of the creek which runs through the cave. The cave is, in fact, a tunnel, excavated through a hill of Limestone by the erosive action of water. The stream has also cut a channel for itself through, limestone rocks for a long way outside the cave's mouth, and these rocks stand up in many places as precipitious walls, forming the bank of that creek. In dry weather the cave can be. easily approached along the bed of the stream, but of course this is impossible when the creek is in flood: The entrance to the cave is superbly and beautifully grand. A large body of soldiers with, bayonets screwed on, and arms shouldered, might march into the cave abreast. The grand cave, or tunnel, has numerous smaller tunnels or entrances to other caves connected with it, and branching off from it. Some of the smaller caves have been explored, while the extent and terminations of others are still un- known. The entrance to these caves are in some cases so narrow that a moderately fat man has some difficulty in squeezing himself through them. Once inside, however, with the means of lighting a torch at "command" and the scene that meets the view is magnificent. The arch or roof of the main tunnel is very lofty - so lofty, indeed, that visitors attempt in vain to hit the, roof by throwing a stone perpendicularly. The diffused light admitted through both ends of the tunnel is sufficient to render the scenery of the cave distinctly visible to explorers, but to enjoy the sight in per- fection, it is necessary to use a very bril- liant torch, or what is still better, the magnesium light. The latter produces an effect that is perfectly astounding. Water containing salts of lime has been percolating for ages through the su- perincumbent rocks, and, having passed away, has left the lime which it held in solution deposited" as stalactital and sta- lagmital matter on the walls and floor of the cave.' 'This matter' has assumed all sorts of grotesque and fantastic forms. Hence the flash of the magnesium light transforms the cave into a veritable Hall. of Eblis. 'Quaint' and' Grotesque statues stand all round the tourist. They hang on the wall; they depend from the roof ; they stand up-from the floor. You feel 'yourself' for a moment on enchanted ground. Imagination, with her mystic wand, at once clothes these statues with the semblance of flesh and blood. They all wear the paleness of the tomb, for they are veritable marble. A close examination, however, soon dispels the illusion. A limy concretion, which the explorer took to be the ghost of an old hag, and which almost seemed to gibber at him in the, dimness of the distance, when closely examined turns out to be a misshapen lump of stalagmite,sufficiently like the outline of a woman to suggest to the fancy a closer resemblance. As the light falls on these apparent statues, their true nature becomes revealed-they are stalactites and stalagmites, and no thing more. The dimensions of this cave have been variously estimated. The length of the grand archway is said to be about three hundred yards, but others reduce the dis- tance to two hundred and fifty paces. The northern entrance is '70 feet broad, and"50 feet high; towards the centre it increases in breadth to about ninety feet, and the height to upwards of one hundred feet; while at the southern extremity it is full one hundred feet broad, and from seventy to eighty feet high. This tunnel, at a short distance from its entrance, inclines slightly to the right, and then resumes its straight course. It is, as we have already observed, open at both ends, that is, it is a natural tunnel worth out of the solid limestone rock bp [sic] the long continued action of run- ning water. Some of the subordinate caves, branch- ing off from the main tunnel, have never yet been thoroughly explored. Near the north entrance there is a passage which forms nearly a right angle with the main archway. This passage is lofty, and extends for about 180 feet or more and then terminated in a low passage about two feet in height. Be- yond the low narrow archway is a spacious cavern containing, amongst a number of quaint grotesquely shaped stalagmites, two forms of which bear a close resemblance to a tomb. Two other, stalagmites, found in another part of the cave, are very like a a wash- basin with a roll of towelling sus- pended over it. Several passages of a like kind, branching off from the main tunnel, gradually contract until they become very small, and then widen out again into spaci- ous caverns filled with the grotesque statuary already mentioncd, and ornamented with. stalactites depending from the roof and from ledges on the walls in almost every variety of shape and of position. The cave contains the memorials of many visitation of it by different persons. Mr Davidson enjoys the reputation of having discovered it but this must mean that he explored and brought it to prominent notice for local accounts say that it was known long before to stockmen and settlers in the neighboui'hood. Since Mr Davidson's visit, and more especially of late years, it has been the resort of pleasure parties, who proceed thither on horseback in the summer season, carrying with them provisions, blankets, tents, and everything else required to make comfortable during a few days' sojourn. Where the bush is thick and the crags are rude, And the silver Grove Creek sadly moans, As it winds along in mournful mood; O'er beds of white and wave-worn stones, Where kangaroos and oppossums feed, And wild birds warily wing their flight, And' mountain blossom and verdant weed Adorn the cracks in the stalagmite, Where scarlet flowers their bloom display, To the eager parrot's observant eye. And the woods resound at dawn of day, With the wanga wanga's plaintive cry. And should the party include a concertina, flute, or violin player in their number, Terp sichore receives an ovation, and the caverns ring with the Royal Irish, the, Octoroon Waltz, or the College Hornpipe. These excursions, although involving a considerable amount of fatigue and trouble, are often pleasure parties indeed. It is a great thing to carve out a fortune with your sword or a niche in the. temple of History, but it' is, a much smaller matter to carve your name on the walls of a cavern, or on the time worn stones of a moss clad ruin. Yet it would appear that the latter mode of achieving inmmortality is ex- tensively pationized by colonial tourists in search of the picturesque. Unquestionably the Browns, Smiths, Jones's, and Robinsons, who visit caverns, are all scribbling animals, and ambitious of leaving a name behind them that shall be read by a distant posterity. The ingenuity which some of, these gentry displayed in writing their names in such a style as that the inscription shall remain un- effaccably is worthy of all admiration. It is the only sort of immortality a great many of them are likely ever to achieve. One gentleman put himself to the trouble of manufacturing a bush ladder out of a sap- ling, up which he climbed, and as a result his name stands inscribed on the top of a lofty stalagmite in the Abercrombie Caves, where it will doubtless remain for many fu- ture years, more particularly, as nobody would take the trouble of climbing up to it to blot it out. The usual plan is to blacken the wall with a candle, and then, with a pointed stick or nail write the name on the black ground; which process will, of course, cause the letters to be white. Others carve their name on the soft stalagmite with a nail or a penknife, and leave it there for the admira- tion of future visitors; while others of a less ambitions turn of mind are satisfied with inscribing their particular patronymic. on the wall of the cavern with a burnt stick. Amongst the incriptions on the stalagmites of these caves will be found the name of one of our governors, and those of a large number of residents in the Western dis- tricts. There are thousands of these in- scriptions on the walls, but the accuracy of some of them are questionable. We know one fellow who chronicled his visit to the caves as the visit of Mrs Brown and thirteen small children. When the railway is open to Bathurst, we have no doubt that numerous pleasure par- ties will be organized in Sydney, for the pur- pose of visiting these caves, as well as the larger and still grander caverns situated in the limestone rocks of the Fish River Valley. NEW- TOY.--The London Stereoscopice and Photographicp Company have just issued an improved chameleon top, with six extra illuminated discs; the; designs of whichli,: instead of showing continuous lines 'of colour as hei'etdofore, when used according to directionslappear iin karmo- 1 nious motion, presenting-a variety of chromatropic eflect, :many of them of gre'dat beiuty. They are also accompaniecd l by a series of segmentary fdr;ms that pro duce the most exdtraordinary. optic ilhi- i sions. One df these "Mirth and Misery," exhibits shadowye rersentations'of per feet faces either way, apparently actuated by thoseopposmng and extreme passions. s Specimens, of this elegant b-toy for the a drwving-room can be seein- at MrJ -. :-R t Clarkle's repository, Hunter- street, vwhere f othei- art novelties, ini thle shape-of allu minated papers for addressesa'&c.;, maybe I inspected. - 