I Our Idler's GosBip. There are no Lady Godiva's processions omongs tis, thank goodness for that! But there are proceedings quito as demoralising, and therefore quito aa objec- tionable, and yet nobody seems to caro to put a stop ta thom. Everybody knows tho University and tho large pool of water which Hos at tho foot of its grounds, olose by tho Parramatta Road and between the Newtown Bond and that which branches off to tho Glebe Point. And everybody knows that a more publio or frequented spot docs not exist in tho suburbs. It is a "stand" for omnibuses, of which there aro never less than a dozen clustored together on the very banks ofthepond, and every minute an omnibus with its load of ladies and ohildren passes by on its way to or from the Point, or Forest Lodge, or Petersham, &o.; The road is a favorite one for tho afternoon drives and walks of familtes and of nursogirls with ohildren ; and yet hero, in this shallow pool, between the hours of four and five in tho afternoon, under tho eyes of a crowd of boys and girls who stand looking on, in tho sight of every woman that passes, young men aro found bathing, and no ono soornB to think it worth his while to interiore. What is tho uso of a police force if it cannot protect us fío m such nui- sances and such demoralising exhibitions as these ? Tho writer was a witness of what ho has described on tho afternoon of Thursday last, and ho is euro that had the depraved youths in question perambulated King-streot, " in puris naturalilms," they would scarcely have boon moro conspicuous or attracted tho attention of moro spectators. Aud surely this should not bo. Who is tho facetious individual that superintends the "setting up" of the advertising columns of the Sydney Horning Herald I That individual must be a fellow worth knowing. I am sure ho has a fund of humor and sátiro which would make him a very lively companion. His spirit is continually breaking out and manifesting itsolf, even in the very dry and business-like work with which he is entrusted. Just look at the humour and tho satire which ho has shown in tho arrangement of tho advertise- ments in tho third eolumn of tho front pago of tho Herald of Thursday last. Thoro you will And under the heading of " Education" three notices, one to tho effect that a certain singing class for ladios will com- mence upon a certrin day, and another to tho effect that trainers of Juirses must enter their names for the Spring Meeting of tho Homebush Jockey Club, on or before a certain day and hour! Which aro tho Club going to educate-tho trainers or tho horses ? What aro they to bo taught ? Why did'nt . this ingenious compositor, whilo ho was about it, publish a prospectus of the course of studies for man and beast adopted by the university of Homebush? Such a course would doubt- less include/fencing among tho accomplishments taught to tho horses; young foals would, of course, begin with the first letter of tho alphabet (OB equine infants do not always take kindly to hay, and tho trainers would most probably bo taught how to plant, to raise the wind, and sundry other branohes of horticulture and pneumatics. Perhaps wo shall find the prospectus under tho head of Lost in the next issue of this journal. Tho "Ghost of Kiama" seems to have boen reno wing his moonlight rambles, and disturbing the mental equili- brium of its free and independent electors. At any rate they have decided that a flt and proper person to represent them is Mr Parkes. But, if it bo a mathe- matical . certainty that thrco whitewashings make ono fortune, and if it be a political fact that Mr Parkes does reprosont the froo and independent cleat of Kiama, -then, putting this and that together, one is naturally led to oxolaim, " what very rich fellows these Kiomaites will bo by nnd bye I And this train of thought loads to another, «md the name* of aomo of our honour* able members flit before me, and tho memory of their antecedents rushes in upon me, and I any to myself with poor Lavator," and in such hands authority has placed hor scoptro ! How many of our honorablo mom hors, I wonder, really ara flt and proper porsons to reprosnnt us? Woro tho proportion only as groat as was that of tho just to tho wiokod in tho cities which Abra- ham besought tho angels to spare, I would hold my pcaoe, But is it oven this ? What has our Befenco Committee dono P What is it doing ? What does it intend to do ? The privato lottors of tho Buke of Edinburgh woro not needed to toll us, that at tho dato of tho last European advice, tho danger of a general war was avon moro imminont than it had evor been. Franco had expressed hor determination to fight to tho last; Spain had inoroasedlier army by20,000 mon ; Bomo had been seized by the Italian army, and by an army that was just as anxious to soizo tho Boyal Palaoo and expel tho King; England was working day and night in hor arsenals, recruiting in ovory town and village, and had even telegraphed to Lord Naptor of Magdala to inquiro if ton thousand troops could bo spared from tho Indian army ; Russia was said to ba massing her troops on the Danube ; and, in' short, if over tho rising of a cloud betokened the coming of a storm, a storm was about to burst over Europe. That storm, ii it comes, will raiso a flood whioh will null down from tho mountains, oven upon our own city. Wo know it, and yet wo content ourselves with placing on paper the names of a dozen individuals, tolling thom to think about tho best way of constructing a dam against [ tho waters, and then'going our way and not troubling ourselves oven to notice whother our committeo do so muoh as think If over our city bo attacked by a Russian or a Prussian man of War, and if hostages nro domanded as security for tho heavy tax that is euro to be loviod upon us, I, for one, shall votb that those hostages bo the committee to whom wo entrusted tho measures of defence, but who miserably and unaccountably failed in thoir duty. And if thoy aro never redeemed I don't suppose that thoir loss will bo particularly felt. 