LIFE IN NEW ZeAL AND THE MARRI. No. VI. One would think that the introduction of the plough, the thrashing machine, and the construction of mills, &c;, would be of great advantage to the Muoris, but, as yet, the benefits arising therefrom are very dubious. In early days they used to work twenty or thirty to the acre, at one time ; now the plough does the work, and the said twenty or thirty Muoris sit about the acre laughing and joking, eating and smoking, thinking the Europeans had invented these things to keep them from working. A Maori, for instance, who had erected a man in a great expense, expecting, to be able to grind a large quantity of flour, and sell it at a great profit to the Pakeha (white man), soon finds that he had reckoned without his host, The Muoris in the vicinity have heard of the mill, and they visit the rich miller, and, according to their wonted cominuniBon they consider his Hour as their's also, and the supply of flour is soon exhausted in feeding these hungry souls. The mill, which the matter is not inclined to work that others might reap the benefit, stands still. Money and labor are uselessly expended, j and the enterprising miller, instead of becoming richer by his mill, is poorer than before. As with agriculture ho with navigation. Some Maoris near Auckland worked and saved for a number of years to get enough money together to Buyers are ship owners and captains as well as the Pakehas. By the sale of wheat and go tutors they made up the sum of £800, and at last some thirty or forty of them owned a fine schooner. But what happened ? They said? We have worked very long, now let us rest awhile; and thus the schooner was in the water, but the Maoris on the shore Once or twice perhaps they made a trip to Auckland, but they had beforehand made away with so much of their produce that now they had little left to sell or ship, and, like children, they soon get tired of their plaything ; the schooner lies relic being owned by forty thence by nobody; none of them are willing to undertake any repairs or look after her the schooner soon goes to ruin, and money and labor are lost. Perhaps had these thirty or forty Maoris kept to their old canoes, they would have done better. As regards cross also, the European influence, has proved injurious rather than beneficial. The original dress of the Muoris consisted of cloaks and mats of various forms and sizes, which were ingeniously wrought of New Zealand flax, or made of dog skins, and were very durable, and formed an excellent protection against rain and cold. Formerly the women manufactured those mats, but now only a few old women understand this useful article younger generation knowing nothing of it. And what has now taken the place of the Maori mat ? Let us not judge by the dress of the wealthy chiefs and members of the Legislature who parade the streets in suits of black and the newest shaped Parisian hats, or the due get-up of the town Maori bodies, the demi monde of their race; but look at the natives in their villages and pans, when they are at home. There the woollen cover the blanket, is the only clothing. When those blankets first came into fashion, the Maoris were very noxious to secure those rugs, which after a short, time look abominably dirty. Money they had none, so they gave potatoes, pigs, or the far superior flax and dog-skin mantles away, and now they sit before their huts wrapped in old, ragged, battered, dirty blankets; and to the continued use of those very blankets we can trace one of the various causes of the ghost complaints and rheumatic diseases to which they are now so very subject. Their deaths have also been attributed to the continued use of potatoes, which have become almost the exclusive food of the Maoris. They have taken the place of the original and more nutritious and, by virtue of their variety, more wholesome food and have apparently the same bad effect, as upon another nation we read of, wore the continued use, and reliance upon the potatoe have had very' bad effects. Formerly the hospitality of the Maoris was praised traits of generosity and honor were related ; to-day little is heard of such instances. The younger generation the young Maori school, cares for hardly anything but the money of the Pakeha. Take an example: During the late war a settler wished to be rowed across the Waikato River, and the Muoris demanded for this service not less than £5 ; but after tedious negotiations he succeeded in reducing their demand to 15s. Being a Government official, he reported the case to Auckland, and the Government issued a notice prohibiting such extortion. On his return the Binnu gentleman offered the Maoris 7s. 6d. to be carried across. In the middle of the river, however, the canoe capsized in consequence of an intentional motion of one of the Maoris, and the settler, who, with a heavy bundle on his back, could not swim ashore, was compelled to cling to the canoe and beg for help. "Why did you write to Auckland ?" asked the Maoris. " Because I had a right to do so, and because I felt insulted at your extravagant charge," was the reply. " Well, then," said the stories, "you will recollect that, we asked only 7s. 6d. to carry you across ; if we help you now, and keep you from drowning, you'll have to pay us another 7s. 6d." And so they again made their 15s. One of the saddest proofs of the deterioration of the manners and the character of the Muoris is seen in the cities by the clubs of " town Maoris." Too proud or lazy to engage their services to Europeans, they loaf and lounge about the streets and taverns, morally and physically bankrupt, a burden to the Europeans, and an abomination to their well-conducted countrymen. Thus do spite the many advantages it has brought to the Maoris, European civilization and colonisation acts upon them like an insidious prison, con- suming the inmost marrow of their life like a poison which not only whalers and seafaring men import in the shape of plagues and cutaneous diseases, but which every European brings with him. The suavity of manners dis- appears before the formalities of civilisation. 'The hospitable savage becomes a calculating trader our money and goods he covets our druBs vendors him still' and awkward and our food makes him unhealthy. Compared with the fresh and healthy vigor with which the Anglo-Saxon race is spreading and increasing in New Zealand, the Maori is the weaker vessel, and thus he is the loser in the st niggle for existence, It is said that in the colonisation of New Zealand, special pains were taken to make up, in the good treatment of the Maoris, for the sins committed against, the aborigines of Aus- tralia and Tasmania ; and the history of New Zealand furnished numerous cases of noble hearted men who have left nothing undone to make these uncouth but highly gifted savages, Christians and civilised men, with various results. It is also true that the English Government, in regard to the Maoris, has pursued a widely different policy from that shown in other colonies; and an English writer on New Zealand says literally :?" I have long since came to the conclusion that the modern Englishman is as cruel and unprincipled a scoundrel us the world has ever seen. In simple truth we pay the Maori largo Binns for his hand, because he is an acute and powerful savage, and we swindle the Australian aboriginal out of his birthright, because he is simple and helpless." When we look upon the blacks lately walking our streets waiting for the " Queen's gift in the shape of a few blankets, we cannot but acknowledge that there is some truth in these remarks, as the Australian Governments have taken possession of millions of acres of land, for nothing, which too often they come out to the European at a price and expecting the white settler to look after his black brother, the Government, pockets the money, and nothing is done to utilise the labor of the aborigine, ur teach him good he- breathes poor woman and children, who suffer the most Iron exposure, are uncared for. Talk of missions to the picturesque South Sea Island, what U splendid opening exists in Australia for similar missions to the aborigines, who have some very good points if they were once brought out. It should not be all religious touching, but the practical business of every day life, such as Europeans are accustomed to. Something has been attempted in Victoria with successful results. But to return. The Maoris are fast dying out, and the latest accounts concerning the Maori population on both islands, calculates, from the rate of decrease of the Maori population, the time when it will altogether vanish from the face of the earth. The decrease of the population within the last few years amounting to 20 per cent. Should this decrease continue, thou the Maori population will number in the year 1872, only 45,164 Bonis; 1886, 3G.3G3; 1000, 29,325; 1014, 23,030; 1028, 10,041; 1042, 15,313; 1056, 12,364; and that about the year 2000 the Maori choir will have quite died out, while the European population, at the present rate of increase will have risen to over half a million in the same period ; not taking into account the Maori Iobsob through the wife of late years, while the European population is rapidly augmenting through the influence of the gold discoveries. The Muoris are fully aware of this, and look forward with a fatalistic resignation to the destiny of the final extinction of their race. They Buyers English clover and grass killed the firm, the European dog the Maori dog ; as the Maori rut was destroyed by the Pakeha rat, he will our people have but gradually supplanted and exterminated by the Europeans. May 28 A farmer near KingliiBsio, in Fifeshire, was much annoyed lately to find that his cows' tails had been shorn of their hair. As he was not conscious of' having made an enemy, he was at a loss to conceive who could have disfigured the useful animals in this barbarous manner, until his wife discovered on the dairymaid"s dressing-table a chignon manufactured out of the hair of the cow's tails. Further concealment being useless, the culprit confessed that not only had she furnished herself with this adornment at the expense of the cows, but that she had supplied a select number of her friends with materials from the same source, for tho purpose of manufacturing head- dresses of a similar nature, in my anticipation of a social re-union to take place at of the commencement of the Year. 