\- THE h&JSD; ft-LIOr OF'TZO ?,;J:- !::';:;.11;.T0BTA,..- .?;'; ? (f anxiety: belong specially to any body of men in the world just, now it surely should to those whom the accidents of political life hare placed in power at the present time in^- Victoria. They have suddenly and completely changed the, laws which are the basis -of property and the test 'of public : security, and - tbey must be conscions that in their experi ment; they hare dealt with the destinies bf their 'people— they have either im mensely beuefitted them or they have committed a stupendous blunder. Men who are conferring a benefit generally carry it through without hesitation or 'doubt; but when men make a mistake we are not surprised if they stop par tially, or altogether, or even wisely turn back. :£ Now it happens that, the Victo rian Government are hesitating and un certain in their' movements ' at the pre sent moment to a painful degree; they show symptoms of alarm as if from the aspect of threatened danger ; and: they are so fat* retracing their steps that large tracts of -the best of the land upon which' selectors had fixed their oyes are being reserved from selection, or in plain terms v-Uh)ir awn from the operation of the recent Aet. Surely there must ho. some very sufficient reason for this. The Act is so popular with the mass of the peo ple, who have not vested interests to be affected by it, that it would only be a popVar policy to cany it out fully. ~krA jet they aare not do this. - Can this be the trae reanon for such strange conduct— that they find the Act operates ^prejudicially on interests that they never dreamed it' would touch, and that it .wpnl&T-rCMried; out m its integrity — even affect the confidence of our national .credi;KorR,.andlowar the value of colonial securifci's ?.-?'??.!?.? ! ? ..-..- !l'W«havein a previous article indicated the belief that this new yictorian Land Law— as Mr.' 8tf ahgwayB, the Attorney General, -expresses it—designed with a view to compete for the population of other,cb)pnies.' That design had been_ aiifwered, .and has .wrought an evil which' will have to be corrected by local legis lation. . -. Manv of our. northern farmers, discouraged ' fcyj. three consecutive sea sons of failure jn their crops, have with drawn themBelves and their capital to seek a better: fortune in Tictoria ; and even in .our. own district some farmers have e;one who had very little capital to withfirawi-5' But thin new Victorian law demands consideration on - grounds weighty to ah »elf /primarily, and to other colonieB jBecondarik. If in the end it should be discorer^d that this liberal Land Law has damaged the publio eiWe, affected very iniuriouBly all existing landed interests; arid «venbperatea unfavorably on mone tery transacti&ns;, not only in Tictoria l-nt also ; in the other colonicR, then in JeeS the fiovernment which initiftted this scheme will hav^ reason to regret the pfopular fiberaTiBm of which the Land ActistfceTBsolt. - Lt»(*iin^.i»t tbepubjecfcia ft practipaj war— howj dpl# |nd Jtowj? will th^- A^cfc opejsate P. p Is ft not the fa**hht its'rory 'inducements ** arw' p^^ its j-bo\3- sionsforthe deteribiitiqni^ianded pcor petty fJ-JDoes it not. giro^nj man^by^ the payment ^of twenty~~ihHJingB per acre; Sii.''3B8t«^nt8 eitebdkc oyer ten years, the tame; advantage* AsYt)aA man who fur -ittijlar line! -baff'^aja Usaywxi&i; per acre cashdbwfi? ' What i& the re« eult jpf;- thiat, does the new; - selector acquire pro^perty at one-tenth of its value, or doeB the ten-pound land fall to the value of that the selector holds? We might safely leave this question to the judgment of any- intelligent man, but to make the point a little plainer, let us suppose a case. ' Let the owner of the land for which he paid ten pounds per acre, and whoBe property abuts on that of a- twenty-shilling selector, desire to raise a loan on mortgage, of his land. What will the lender's estimate be of its value ? Will he appraise it at its pur chase price ? . Not very likely, with each a next-door neighbour ! : . . ? ' All that has been done under this Act then we fear tends to lower the value of all land which was purchased before the new law came into operation ; and if this be true, 'who can tell where the injurv will cease ? If ell 'the freehold estate of the colony is lowered jn value, even to the extent of say only 'twenty-five par cent., what will the English holders of Australian' securities say ?' We observe from a paragraph in one of our Melbourne contemporaries that'even under the operation of Grant's Land Act of 1865, one Bank (not a colonial one) became involved to ' the extent of some '£30,000 or £40,000 ; and there is reason for believj|ng that were it not for the additional powerB conferred upon the Administration, nnder the present L-mc( Act, this Bank would in all probability have lost the entire amount. It may be alleged that the Bank was to blame, as it was known.: that Grant's Act wsb defective ; but if that argument is used, then it may be said 'that no existing-JaW is to be trusted or will give commercial* security.^'T^e^fer tp,M\i chiefly tb# we may enquire/ In view of the attitude of the^fictorian 1&t.vei4i4;^nt, andlookr ing to the manner in; ^hiph this greSti change may' affect jbfie 'colony — what! prospect 6f security.' and permanence does this Act afford, and how will the monetary transactions of .the colony be influenced by it ? « ; Though the conduct of the Victorian Government in withdrawing land from the operation of the Act may cause dis appointment and even, hardship to~ some selectors, is it not better that a few should suffer than that the whole public estate should deteriorate ? The brief history of this Act is very suggestive, and illustrates the necessity there is that 'men dealing with the land laws of a country should be far-seeing, deliberate, and sagacious in their legisla tion. A Jew political- Mnen* having-these qualities would prove exceedingly useful in the Legislature of each colony, especially in these earlier stages of ex istence.— Mount Oambier Standard. The BATHtmsr Bub.— This burr is becoming quite a nuisance on the banks of the Gawler river, the seed of which appears to have come down by the late floods from the upper parts of the North and South Para river, and is left on the banks in the deposits of mud, etc., which forms a fine bed for its vegetation. 'We also believe that the Scotch ThiBtle is making its appearance, and there is no doubt but that in the -course of a few weeks, the Inspector of Nuisances will' find plenty *o. do ? -jirou- J . MtfbiH: iSWieba- ^ SoirsfH.— Present— Messrs.'SWiniiklelp-chBii*ian), Dawkins, Dingle ^nd- Woods: Upwards of 40 more persons applihd to work oat their rates. It was' proposed thst the co operation of the District Councils of Barossa West, Muno Para,- Bast and West Nuriootpa, be requested to take steps to eradicate the Scotch Thistle and Bathurst Burr, in consequence ot such large quantities of seed coming down the Para rivers with the late floods, and that notice be gazetted to destroy them in this district. . -Complimentary Dinsees.— Our Wallaroo contemporary has the following piquant remarks on complimentary dinners in general and the late-.Wiliaston Electio-Brigblo-Bailifo one in particular: — ''The ease with which complimentary suppers and entertainments are got 'up in this colony, and their frequency, have ' Jong since robbed them of any value that may ever have pertained |to- them 'as tributes of worth, 'manifestations of. public esteem, or testimonies to the well earned appreciation in which the careers of individuals have been held. . To such a pitch has this nuisance of suppers, entertainments, and addresses npw nrrived, 'tbat a positive indignity, is suffered by those whose coiirse has been marked by more than ordinary useful ness, in that they are' to be compelledto be put through the same mill as Tom, Dick, and Harry, or appear uncourfceous by refusing the well-meant courtesies of their friends. A very apposite instance of the kind of case we are alluding to happened at a littleplace calledWillaBton —a. sort of hamlet of tlfir town of Gawler-^only within the past week. Therje a locnl boniface who seems to haxe beep almost, everything byturnB and nothing :long,) a local preacher amongst Ibe me*odis^,'ft-*wh.e%bjiye.r, hay and chaff merchant, , ^pntracto§ farmer, Jae totalLjfti ^SnrTiost,'^^^J|8pently ita^e; up hie mind to find fr^ViSiBlds and pfl^-- turesin .Caltfoirnu...' Here was a fine opportunity for a picked assemblage to air their village oratory, fuddle their few brains .with bad wine and indulge in some mutual self-glorification ! Scown, our late host— wag ail old colonist, and about le^fcl Bat downito this-farewelWeod in; ^Sn^.- A newly-fl«%ed knight was foPffitaidnly canght' to take the chair, and5^r, H, E. Bright, M.P,, between fffepj^Vfiii A%(ex-inkeeper iheregbaye uoenswindxj: transaotions, fillei the vice. ^JjB»Tsejp»rieii^wpuld »ajf*be nsual loyal «ad complimentary toasts; wer^dis ^Dae^-p^MMMhSdtic&m; t^at toast of ^.©P^g-T-one, ^ijhe Qhairman. said, ?unakeythe others, not, a mere matter of form, fAfter the Chairman had finished his oration, the address — which there can' belittle doubt 'lied like an, epitaph'— was presented. But before the toast was drank Mr. H. E. Bright, MP., had to relieve his over-charged feelings. Mr. Bright 'had known Mr. Scown for about twenty years, and a better colonist, neighbor, or citizen, ha had seldom been acquainted with.' Heading this we felt inclined to ask what Mr. Bright could know of what constituted a good colonist, neighbour, or citizen ? Beading on we found an answer to oar mental query. Mr. Bright continued 'no matter how numerous the meeting might be, should -Mr. Scown return, .there would be. a larger to welcome him.' So we should have imagined^.. In fact, we found, read mg a»,;sp.-.fond were some of the people, 'of their' excellent Tcplonist, aeigu'boarV and citizen, that text day, as be was stepping into the train, «n route for California, 'he was arrested at the in stance of a firm, well known for the kind and lenient disposition ,o( the. partnew, to whom ' he was heavily indebted in a claim that he proposed to. satisfy on his arrival at California. Apropos of this worthy boniface we may tell a tale that is too good to be lost. Being in a well known wine merchant's cellar one day, we saw a cask labelled ' publican's port:' Being- curious- enough to ask wherein publican's differed from other port, we received, on inquiry, the receipt for its manufacture, and we found that tt con sisted of no much imported rubbish from Melbourne, ' so m uch colonial,' and the remainder sweetening, coloring, and diluting matter This port, we were informed, had V great run,; and some of i^was/flienl being fbased i.p and sent iivfay. .^v'jNjeKt evening,', happening to attend a pnWic dinner at the hotel then presided oyiir by the *' excelleni colonist, neighbor, and 'citizen' aforesaid, We heard the following coloquy between our host, thWyice-Chairman, anc( the 'heir to the name and honors of the local M.P. ' Have you any more of, that yoort, Scown?' said the Vice- Chair. ' Plenty' was the response. ' Then fetch a bottle' said this judge, of wine. The bottle arrived, and we recognised the brand and seal as acquaintances. ' Ah,' said the son of the M.P., smacking his lips after taking a glass, ' that's the wine, Scown.' We were asked to partake of the liquid abomination, but we declined the honor.' We may, however, inform bur contem porary that there is no lack of genuine anfLprime colonial wine in Gawler, je witness our very superior show of native wines. ? The Exodus.— The Hamilton Spectator after quoting facts stated in South Australian Papers relative to the exodns across the Border which has recently taken plaoe, uses this significant language, — language over which those who contem plate. crossing at the present time will do well to ponder:-:-' Now, we ask in th name of common sense, how are the German families coming across the border with their wagons, to employ themselves during the weary months that must elapse whilst tne land boards are dealing with their applications, whilst the contract enr veyors are fixing their boundaries, whilst the board in Melbourne is deciding on the reaeJry1ej91,'; and wh^st tn^i Governor is issu3ngi*W^ee!itge8i.?Tl:,,'^ow can immi grant families from the neighbouring colonies afford to lose a seed-time and harvest, as they bust do if the regula tions are aiherVa^to f ?- Those who have money will have to live npon the capital which should have been expended in a productive manner; and those whose funds ran short are liable to be arrested' nnder the Vagrant.Acfc.' ; PABUAMEarr-sroK:.— ' A member of Parliament,' sayi the Wallaroo lime*, ' who, sinpe the prorogation has paid the Peninsula^ visit,- informs us that he does not intend to eeek re-election as ' he is pick of the chicanery, trickery, and hum bug there is about the manner in whieh the business of the country .is carried on.' This reminds us of an ex-Treasurer who. informed; jib that 'men, when in Parliament, 4id do things they would sooner cut off their right arms, than do out' of Parliament;' Taken altogether, the Legislature, ifrom the confession of its pwn members, must be a very pretty kettle'.offish.' '.,. ;'.?'. Leicha-edt Pa&tt.;— -A gentleman has written to the Brisbane Courier, supply ing information that he has received from the Cooper's Creek natives, as to a white man, who, for many years crippled by disease, has been supported by a body of natives living to the west or north-west. The natives describe this one man as the remnant of a party, the members of which, save this man, died from malig nant fever ; and they could only state that this man~ was many sleeps to the westward. The correspondent of the Courier uugSfBsts that the crippled man may be the sole remnant of Leichardt's party, and he expressed a wish that a Bmali but efficient party shonld be sent out to ascertain, the truth. The various governments iin^e;,,colony have .been bitten*©:, ojftnn'by: acting aipon informa tion received 'from die aborigines that las been ; Subsequently,; ^rbifed nothing more'^Mn %he unjeioveriiiiblB tendency to rbmanc^nthe native mind, that they Ifight much shyer than -they did of send ing out search and exploration parties; but common humanity repudiates the notion of even the possibility being per. mittod of « countryman left solely to the blactt»,i£ tiisre; be ever so remote a pos sibility or probability of rescuing; Biiru C0WSiB£BBTUB.Y J0HB1TAXT8JI.— The* Adelaide Jiegister of tie 28th fAt. (Mon day), '- exhibits ant unwa&l; «moaat jojT independence and freedoafrom flattery, describing her Majesty's ttepreseutatiF© as ' a dumb figure-head ataimjg Tacantly on the storm,' and bound by hi» advisers; protempore: and vice-regal authority ij described as the last resort of a desper ate Government '£ straw for n drowsing minister to catch a't.' A provincial *on porary commenting on. the. Begister't recent loyal effusions says :? — ' As we did not toady to the Governor on hie 'first arrival, nor have we since, we may be permitted to ask, whetuer the assertion that he has merely spoken parrot-like in a grave crisis, » a fctr iufwence-from, bis whole course, of conduct since he hai resided amongst ust or a base, unwortby insinuation?' r Pboieciioit. — Here we should* pomt out that the Protectionist invariably says that money is sent out of the colony in hard cash. Of this he is careful never to adduce the slightest proof. And the reason is obvious. There is no proof; in fact, the proof is all the other way. For instance,' dunng^ibe year 1868, Messrs! Skelton and 'Clark would tell us yie sent so. many thousands of pounds home fur boots, shoes, shirts, coats, waistcoats, and trousers. May we not, they argue, well grow poor? This money might have all been saved if a protective duty .had been in force. 'It would then harjB beenemployed paying wages to colonists. The truth is, that during 1868, we ex ported to Great Britain £3,221 worth of bullion and coin, of which' there were -772J ozs. of native gold from the digg ings. What we did was to impart £593,065 worth of drapery, for which we paid in copper ore, wool, and other colonial produce. The colonists found they could raise copper, wool, Ac, more profitably than they could make shirts or shoes, and they adopted the most profit able source of employment, bartering their, goods for the London shirts,' inade in most instances at wages less thail;ls. per diem. If we really did ' export '«u'r corn to pay for English goods the Pr6 tectionists might' have some excuse fdr their ignorant agitation — even : then ignorant, for, as there are two parties to a bargain, such ^bargain is not entered into unless mutually satisfactory. We axe aware that the protectionists will try to upset theValus of the statistics of the colony as they have recently. They will say, as they have said, that Mr. Boothbyfs statistics understate our imports. In support of this they, of course, adduce false figures. The figures we have given are from Mr. Boothby's latest Register, and they differ materially from those employed by Mr. Clark. There is especial reason why the mining portion of the population of the colony should not be hood-winked at this general election by the croaking, 'false cry of Messrs. Skelton and Clark. We grant that there is something very comfortable about the idea of ' being protected. 'Messrs. Skelton and Clark appeal in this, as in other matters, to one of the weakest sides of human nature. Lazy humanity likes to be protected. The keen critics on the staff of London Punch never made a greater hit than over ' the un protected female.', But the miners should recollect that if cobblers and tailors, and shirtmakers, are to be pro tected, somebody must pay the piper. Messrs, Skelton and Clark do not pro mise to &o; this. Their idea is that those who are now the bone and sinew of the colony, whose avocation is both pr ifi table to themselves . and prosperous for the colony, should be mulcted somewhat. In easy language this means,' the ''farm laborers, the miners and the shepherds are to pay for the beer that Skelton and .Clark's protogeeB guzzle at j tihe Hotel Europe Skelton, Clark, and Oo. are to be- protected, and the miners are to pay' more for the - habiliments, they, their wives and their children wear,' by the amount of the protective duty, be it ten or twenty per cent., with interest added thereto. We put it to the miners on the Peninsula whether they think it advis able, that in the prospect of work being at all events no more plentiful, conse quent on the low price of copper, they should have to pay 25 per cent, more for^ every article they wear in order that Mr/, Clark may employ one more tailor, Mr, Skelton protect one more shirtmaker. and Mr. Snob make an extra pair of colo nial boots.— Wallaroo Time*. . JiiLEorioKEE&oro.; — -Oar space, , - .this weekjjs so preoccupied that we have only room to mention that Mr. . John Knowles, of Gawler, has been invited to stand for Light, and it is expected that he will accept the call. A requisition isj hi course of signature in Tatala, urging Mr. Glyde to continue a candidate, ana one ib in operation, throughout Stanley inviting in ^verj; expressive language the' Attorney-Generid to offer himself for Stanley. It is worthy ,of notice' .that this requisition, to Mr. Strangways.re ceived no less than seventy signatures of electors at Mr. Boe's sale at Atallalla on Tuesday. It is understood that the hon. and learned gentleman considers his old West Torrens constituency as haying a prior... claim on. him ; but, in the pre sent instance, as Stanley was the -first to intimate, its wish to him, it is thought to have tibia first hold on him. In the event of the Attorney-Ueueral coining forward, for,- Stanley it is becoming evident thst Bright, of whom thesis-, trict has evidently beoome heartily tired, owing to his inordinate hankerings after office in Parliament, and hie doings and his doings and dealings out of it, will not have a ghost of a chance. There-' qiiisition to the Attorney-General, it will be Been from our advertising columns, Ue$ »t our office for signatures. ' GAwiEE-CoHKfflAnoHi-i-AaadjpuEBed) speciai meeting was. held, i«. s'ridaj,, Ma^4i,wbml^e£}Ujmng:ConncUb^ were pxeseni:-^0eland {QhairmftP^ani CJouauiorilBMJ^.rBtiitbibi, Jones, anA Taylor. Jessup's. tender; jbi- cukerfc, with iraw% FreshTJejaders; tjo b* called.. tJoMsledick'a appUoa'tion referred to jRnance' Comroittee. Tenders to h» caUed for osAting in Cameron and. Poster-streets. Korth-end of Murray-. Btreet to be Improved. Oulrert tp ba built fro« Murray-teejet Booth, taAyew^ street. . 'Tax; CtaxjEHsfe akb tseib Cbpdw.-~ Although' fjhese cruel and onnrincipled people bothr.BWore the child lately th» subject of -an inqnest wa» their child, it now appears, that it was the- daughter of Mr. and Mvi'Sharp, near Eooringa, who. have written to J)x. Lewis, and the. Coroner, Mr. T. Q. Jones, and the letter has beenhanded to the police. The' re examination of this case before Mr Peake, S.M., w«ts so similar as regards, the evi dence, to the inquest that it is needlesBc to reseat it. Th© popular conviction is that the evidence van such as to have fully warranted a committaL The parents of the unhappy infant visa 10 prosecute the matter farther. ? Ctraiaua OniGTH c» i. ¥taiE.~ Tha impraveinents in front of. Messrs. Wil cox's preinises requiring, according to Municipal Bye-Law, a light to he kept up during the night to warn passengers, of obstruction and danger, the lantern containing it caught fire on Monday night, and containing a quantity of tal* low went rapidly to blazes, Beriously endangering the approximate timbers. Fortunately, Mr. of the police (seeing an unusual . flaie-up hastened to the spot and prevented what might. have, proved the causa of a serious conflagra tion. ???? ?? ? ? BA.BOS3A. Diggings. — The new crusher began work agaiu on Thursday, after being repaired. It appears to work well now. The dam is very low and falling fast. Britcher's also is m want of a good rain-fall, and there . is plenty of cement for crushing1, which renders the want of . water doubly a 'cause of regret. . Some quartz from Watson's reef was crashed at Britcher's machine, bat proved a failure, not yielding more than a penny weight to :tbe ton. About: five tons of cement from Stewart's prospecting «la.im was also crushed there, the whole yield ing only an ounce, but the parties pur pose giving it another trial. The diggers are busy sinking on Dead-Man's Lead, but I have not heard of any one bottom ing this week. Sinking still continues at Hamlin's,Hill, and very good pro spects have presented themselves. Things appear to be settling1 down very cozily at these diggings, and a very promising start has been made here in the way of marrying and giving in marriage, tba Rev. H. T. Soberts having this week bound together in holy matrimony a young digger and the daughter of an old- established digger, the marriage being performed after the patriarchal mode, in a tent in the wilderness, and celebrated by the wild music ot tin kettles and pans to an extent' which most have wither disturbed Old Pan, the Sylvan Deity of the Woodlands. The firing of small arms on the occasion must have been . hearp for miles, and I understand caused no small alarm in the surrounding country. ' jGreat anxiety is being felt for rain, all the holes where the diggers used to try their prospects b6tng now dried up. The GiwiEn Gold SIabket.— Messrs. Wilcox Brother's shipped by Wednes day's mail 220 ounces, costing £865, and hare-daring the week bought of Barossa gold to the amount of £1.33. Purchases to some extent have also been made by other houses. ' ; Opb Tuesday's TELEQHAsr. — The Gawler Time* is so miserably off for materials wherewith to compose a leader that, under ,the head of 'The Unem ployed V it consumes the paper of- its subscribers and the patience of its rea ders in senseless nibbling at our useful telegram of Tuesday, relative to the dis turbed state of the Metropolis. Our telegram was a reprint of transactions pithily reported by our city correspon dent,' whose report and impressions, (being on the spot) we are still disposed to pay'more attention than to the cavils of a captious rival. It is sufficient for our justification that out city corres pondent viewed the threatening tumult as - serious ; that the Government con sidered it as sersons ; the mounted troopers ifeft it to be so, and the -unfor- tunate and infatuated .rioters doubtless consider it now a serious affair, whatever the ' Gawler Times ' may do. As for fcbe spelling of the word tremendous we wish our contemporary had more and better to do than to carps at trifles so utterly beneath the notice of any readers of sentee. His folly wonld 'be tremendous were it not ridiculous, and the .wit he attempts at our expense would be pro ductive of ridicule but for its tendency to produce melancholy. Tub Counts Election.— The disso lution having taken place on the 2nd iustant, the writs will be out; next week; and as the nomination and election day will follow quickly, gentlemen of ambi tion burning to serve their country for the pure love of it. should be on the alert. 