BRISBANE DIOCESAN SYNOD. (Abridged from tiit Courier.) The Synod of tbe Diocese of Brisbane commenced its Annual Session on June 29th. Morning prayers was said at fit. John's Church at 8 a.m. ; Litany and celebrating Holy Communion followed at 11 o'clock. Members of Synod met for transaction of business at 4 p.m., iu the Metropolitan DistrictCourt House, Queen-street, which had been kindly granted for the purpose by His Honor Mr Judge Sheppard. The President took the chair at a quarter post 4, and opened the proceedings with the usual The Archdeacon called the roll of the clerical and lay members. Tbe following are the names of those who were present :— Revs. J. Sutton. T. Jones, James Mat thews, W. T. Harte, l-. A. Court, J. R. Moffatt, J. Mosely, and Archdeacon Glttnnie ; Messrs E. H. ij. Hitchins, F. O. Bryant, J. R. LHckson, H. O'Reilly, Martin, S. Orimley, T. Harlin, Colonel Gray, K. G. Sutor, R. K. G. Johnson, W. T. Biackeney, C. Coxeu, -;. It. Harding, Hon. J. Bramstou, 1. H. Paige, Hatloran, and His Honor Judge Lutwyche. The Syuodsmen who had taken their seats for the first time then signed the declaration that they were communicant members. Tbe ltev. J. Matthews withdrew his resignation of the office of Clerical Secretary, and Mr S. Grimley was unanimously elected lay secretary in the room of Mr Short, resigned. Th* President then read the following address :— ' My lteverend Brethren and my Brethren of the Laity, — It is with feelings of deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of all good that I meet you at the opening of this the Second Session of our second Synod, to ngain take counsel with you with a view to the ordering and well-governing of the Church in this diocese. ' Since the close of our last session, 'several changes have taken place in the constituent members of our body by the resignation of some of the lay members of our Synod and the departure of others from the colony ; and I caunot allow this occasion to pass without a brief tribute of affectionate regard and respect (in which I am sure that the members of the Synod and of the Church in this diocese will truly sympathise with me) for the memory of one of our clerical brethren who, in the infinite order ings of Divine wisdom, has thus early been taken from us. It was in August, 1667, that the ltev Mr Dotting, who hail previously been admitted by me whilst iu England to the Diacnuate, joined us at Brisbane ; ami scarcely two and a half years had elapsed from his entrance ujjon tbe active duties of the ministry when it seemed good to our Heavenly Father to call him from his labour into his rest. In the pastoral district of Worivick, where the first few months of his. ministerial life were Rpent ; in the populous and important town of Kockbampton, which 1 had hoped might for many years have had the advantage of his single-minded and untiring devotion to the service of our Heavenly Master, aud ui the comparatively quiet town of Gladstone, where lie had gone with a hope, if it had been God's will, of recruiting hie shattered heath, and where in tlie home of a kind and sympa thising friend the lost few weeks of his valuable life were spent, tlie* memory of our dear friend will long be held in affectionate regard, whilst his sorrowing widow, who is now on the eve of her departure for her native land, will carry with her the affectionate sympathies of those who had learnt to value her excellent husband, and who, truly sympathising with her iu thiB her deep affliction, yet weep not for the dead thus early called from his labor to his rest, but for the loss to the Church of services sv full of the fairest promise, and for the sorrow of those who arc left to mourn the loss of one so justly valued and so truly loved. ' There a,re many important subjects upon which, my brethren, 1 should have lieon glad to have ad dressed you had time permitted, but 1 must pass on to say a few words with regard tothc progress of Church extension in the diocese during the post year, and 1 feel that, with deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of aU good, we may humbly acknow ledge that the material progress during that time bos not been unsatisfactory, especially when we bear in mind the stutc of commercial and financial depres sion which still continues to press heavily upon the colony. May God of his infinite mercy grant that each step in material progress may tend to the quickening and building up of many an awakened soul in our most holy faith. The new church of All Sainte, on Wickliam Terrace, having been opened for Divine service on the 8th of September last, now affords additional accommodation to many who hod anxiously desired to woisbip within its walls, and and when 1 tell you that the offertory, from Easter, 1869, to Easter, 1870 (during a considerable portion of which time the congregation were obliged to meet for Divine worship in the School of Arts), produced no less a sum than £578 Gs 9d, the free-will offering of a congregation which is far from being the wealth iest of those that assemble themselves together within the limits of the municipality, and that sub sequently to the passing of the churchwardens' accounts at Easter the couections each Sunday seem to have steadily increased, — owing iu greut measure to the lanwr number of coins that each Lord's Day are now cast into the plate, a proof that a much smaller proportion of tlie congregation thau hereto fore arc unwilling to recognise the duty acknow ledged in those words of the Royal Psalmist, ' All things come of Thee, aud of Thine own have we given Thee,' — we need not, I think, fear that in a Church open to receive all who desire to worship within its walls with a hearty and devotional con gregational service, aclergyinau active in the diligent observance of that house to bouse visitation which is one of the most important obligations of the pas toral office, and churchwardens really anxious to discharge that labour of love which appertains to their important office, that at least in towns of any im portance a faithful clergy wholly occupied in their high calling need fail to receive such a scale of remu neration as will enable them to live without con tinual anxiety and carefulness; — a faithful laity acknowledging that it is their duty to set free from anxiety with regard to carnal things those whose high calling it is to administer to them in things spiritual, and desiring that their clergy should not only be able to enjoy the decent proprieties and com forts of their position, but to educate their children, and make some provision against the casualties of life and the infirmities of age. 'Those of you, my brethren, who are in the habit of using our Southern mid Western Hallway will scarcely need to be reminded nf the convenient and really handsome church which now greets the eye of the traveller as the train stops at the station at Toowoomba — a building creditable alike to the liberality of the inhabitants of that town and neigh borhood, and the untiring energy of the clergyman of the district. Whilst tlie visitor to Brisbane, who is anxious to moke himself acquainted with the agri cultural capabilities of its neighborhood, is likely in his tour of investigation to visit the farming settle ments on the banks of tbe river *t Oxley Creek, where be can scarcely fail to be reminded of some of the village churches of oar native land, when his eye his iirst arrested by tlie seemly appearance of the rural church which has with so much pious care been recently erected by the inhabitants of the dis trict. It will, moreover, be interesting to you, Buy brethren, to know that a church is in course of erec tion at Port Mackay, which at present is the most northern settlement of tbe diocese ; tint the hand some stone church which is now being erected at Warwick will, I hope, be open fer Divine service in tbe course of next month ; and that the settlers at the Albert Kiver, the Pimpama, and ttie BaM Hills, have recently been in conimnnicatieo with sne with a view to the erectaou of churches in those districts. Neither can I omit to mention the Church «f St. Augustine of Canterbury, which is almost imme diately about to be built in . tbe town at. Leybarn, andtheetectioBof which will he attended with cir cumstances of more than ordinary interest, inas much as it is the free-will offering to my dincese of the boys of the Endowed School of Uppingfasm, in the connty of Ratlimi, at whose cost ft will be erected, -and who, having thus testified their iuterast in the progress of the Church in one of the colonies of the British Empire, are now, I understand, about to inaugurate a home miseien in one of the pearest and most destitute, districts of our native land. 'The formation of new districts is one, my bre procTess of Church extension, and I am thankful to be able to report the recent formation of the new district of AAora, under the pastoral charge of the Bev -Mr Clayton; whilst it mast be gratifying to ray excellent friend, the Archdeacon of this diocese, to know that that large area which had for so many yean constituted hisunwieldly pastorate, and within which he had happily been permitted to lay the foundation of so many separate congregations, is now subdivided into the several parochial districts of Dnyton, Toowoomba, Warwick, Dolby, Leyburn, and Allora. 'The several places at which I have held Con firmations in thecourseof the hut year were Brisbane, Ipswich, Western Creek, Leyburn, Warwick, Gympie, Maryborough, Cayndah, Dravton, and Toowoomba, and the number admitted by that apostolic rite to the full membership of the Church waa 31C. ' If, my brethren, I am spared to preside over the session of 1671, it is my purpose, preparatory to the meeting of the Synod, to address a circular letter to my reverend brethren the clergy of the diocese, with a view of obtaining information upon several matters of statistical detail in connection with their parishes, which it is very desirable should be laid before the Synod ; and I am not without the hope that I may then, God willing, l-e able to give you some definite information with regard to the formation of a new See, to comprise the northern portiun of the colony of -Queensland, a considerable portion of which is at present included within the diocese of the Metropo litan Bishop of Sydney. 'And uow.myrevereml brethren and my brethren of the laity, thanking you for the patient attention with which you have listened to my address, I would 'commend you to God and to the Word nf His firace, which ib able to build you up and give you an inheritance among aU them that are sanctified,' earnestly praying that by the blessing of the Holy Ghost the deliberations of onr Synod may tend to take away from amongst ns whatever is likely to hinder godly union and concord ; that ' as there is but one body and one spirit, and one hope of our calling ; one Lord, ouc Faith, one Baptism, one God and Father of us all, so we may henceforth bu all of one heart and of one soul, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one mind aud one mouth glorify Thee through Jesus Christ our Lord.' ' Mr Blakf.nev moved, and the Rev. J, Mosfxev seconded, that the thanks of the Synod be presented to the President for his address, and that the same he entered on the minutes. Carried unanimously. Tbe report of the Diocesan Council wns then read by the Secretary, and after the transaction of other business of a formal nature the sitting adjourned to the following day. The debate on the address. which took place on Friday, July 1st, will be found in another column. 