; THEATRE ROYAL. Mr Chapman, tlio wizard, opened his casket of mysteries at the Theatre Royal laqt night. Liko tbe advanced modern professors of the art, ho discards the uso of paraphflVrialift bn thP'stflga". He has but two small card tables and a. moderately Bized half circular table in the centre; on which tho tricks are performed. Thus illu sions being presented with tho utmost simplicity) and divested of gluring" mechanism, .requiro tho groatest dexterity ; and -tho audience experisncea tho truth of HudibraB's couplet, " The pleasure iri as groat in being olionted ns to cheat." Some of his iiluBiburi aro" inarv/ejlously ; clever ; especially s6 was one consisting of the borrowing of twb rings, wliich at-b'placod over a gentlemnn s natj out of- which oome'tivo eggs tliat arc placed-m 4 shallow tin pari and spirits poured over thein, ana set firb to. A cover is placed over the burning, pan to /extinguish the flames ; a shot is; fired from a pistol, in whioh tho rings are put, and -instan taneously from the recently, flaming pan appear two doverii with the rings: round- their' necksi Many professore of magic use the ring of about eight inches diameter/ and make them entertwinri and separate, but wo have never seen/any one perform this feat , so heatly or show the rings so freely for examination amongst tho nudiohce. Mr Chapman makria them assume a hundred forms; such .siri he calls stirrup chairs, and on the square; arid they pass into the different shapes almost iu-/ sensibly before -the-.eyes;. while .'the manipulator sometime's holds tliem in one hand! -In tho second part of the programme lie performed some clever tricks; but as lie- explained how they were per formed tlie wonder attached to .them disappeared; He does' not 'employ that superabundance of; passes that" divert attention from the object lie wishes to change, but has a singular simplicity of gesture, denoting the perfection to which he. lias attained in sleight of hand. ; . Spiritualism forms a part! of his , programme,- and lie exhibits how easily imposture may be practised. To-night he is to explain some of tho mysteries in what lie terms a 6riokful of ghosts, (and last night he gave an idea of tlie rope trick of the Davenport brothers " by first haying his hands tied and dia- engaging a, rope interlaced... Ho explained how( this was done, and succeeded throughout in in-; terestiug and: instr ucting his .visitors;; ; : Onca liiri acconiplisliirierits become. . known lie sliould be generously patronised ; i for in dexterity , he excels ,ariy of . ; his ,. prodecessora . , t|iat liavo visited :this pari. /.His tricks/are doue, without visible me chanical-aids thus . heightening the . -value; of the feats; while ,,hiB rfe'xplnnatioris . 'Open 'tip" ' a i fund of- ariiusement - for- 'amateurs 'to praoti/se ' <Jn "their 'own' "account!/' /-The, second sibbt.'w'liicli 'concluded ihei entertainment/ ! baffle'ri All explarialiori':" - Numbers of bank notes, date of'Coins, /desoriplions(of artiolos were "ac curately and irapidly'-giveri by Mr Chapman's " Willie," while blindfolded, whether he stood on uhe stage/or in-, tbe body';of the: Theatre;; Of /till "the mysteries tliis'is tlio'most''iri'explicable, as no/ apparent collusion, or- telegraphy seems possible; and the theory of reflection by looking glasses ip absurd.,, PAny one who wishes to exercise his in genuity in theorising on this singular feat had better -pay- a , visit -to Mr Chapmauls 'entertain- .-menu te ui- -.;, >> i " .-w _ ./.j > V ' . .. ' '! 