LITERATURE. ANNALS OF AN EVENTFUL LIFE.* This is a pleasant, lively, rattling book, scarcely a novel, though intended to be such, so much as a record of personal experience— an autobiography most probably. The author, Edward Half acre, speaks in his own charac ter, and is an amusing, quaint, cheerful personage, with something of the flow of spirits which belongs to Lever's creations, and yet quite distinct and original in his way. He is evidently a man much versed in knowledge of men and of books, fall of information, which is arranged in an odd, jerky fashion, which becomes a little tiresome to read after a while. It is a clever book, however, and will be a relief to the general reader from the ordinary tame sensations of the conventional novelist The hero, for a change, is not a man of muscle, and is undeniably less than six feet in height He is, in fact a rather effeminate person, brought up by a maiden aunt in a girlish sort of way, who goes through his flirtations without much romance with a lady absurdly named "Are those." He is given to dwell with tedious minuteness upon the smallest trifles, and devotes pages of smart writing to the descrip tion of a dinner. His comments are always lively and sometimes humorous, however, and when we get fairly into his vein, which we do not do until we are half through his first volume, he entertains us as well as some better novelists could. As a specimen of tire style, we may give rite following amazing description of a bad dinner at a dean's house:— "There were no oysters—in a layman a venial, but in a dignitary of the Church an unpardonable, an. Can a dean who does not begin his dinner with oysters be sound on rite question of fas ting in Lent 1A grave question; for as sneezing represents rite last traces of a mortal influenza, of which, as the Targoms assure us, all the patriarchs, Methuselah included, died; and as the serjeant- at-law's coif is the last relic of the monk's cowl and the benefit of clergy, so doth the oyster-eating of our ecclesiastics represent the Last rag and remnant of Popish fasting in the English Church. No ritualist would have omitted oystera before meat, but our dean was no ritualist, so we had no oysters, bat we had soup ? Of coarse we had; and such a mess—something that looked Htn melted size, and smelt and tasted accordingly, with parboiled carrots, contending for their vegetable life, swimming about in it, came round to me. I swallowed it down, few I was an hungered, but it was pain and grief to 3 e. It was downright glue and gelatine. Thar I looked and not only looked, but looked round for a glass of wine. It was very rude. —I know it; but if there be one article of faith laid down by all the doctors at every general council, and accepted by all, orthodox and heterodox alike, it is tins, ' After soup let sherry follow.' Yet here, in a dean's house, and not that of Dean Close, be it remarked, no sherry followed. Yes! I looked round, bat I could see nothing bat that bald-headed tattler's back, washing his hands in a salad bowl, or making the champagne, or doing some deed of darkness. A bntier should be like a soldier: he should never show his back; he ought to be all front, ever in the van, pouring cool wine down rite pullets of the guests when fatigued with eating. Bat this hairless condor of rite desert never came with rite sherry. My throat was dry as dust, and rite fish came Now, the sight of fish to a thirsty man is an empty mockery. A fish is an animal that lives in the water; its very sight is suggestive of something cool; it not only requires sherry before it, but sherry after it; it must have something to s wim in even after it is eaten ;—so that fish without wine is an abomination. Yet that wine never came. I forgot to say that the fish itself was salmon— a female salmon that had wasted all her love on some ungrateful gravel-bed in the Spey, and whose flesh was white, stringy, and taste less. She was as like a true salmon as a par snip is to a carrot What can that butler be at? I thought Here we hare been glued up, and never nnglued; we have swallowed a slice of nasty garbage, which they call salmon, and still there is no wine. Had I been a Be douin chief, a tameless child of the desert, I would have made bis caitiff head fly off with my yataghan; but I was a son of society, re strained hy good breeding and the fear of the gallows, so I sat still, and cursed him. There was no conversation. The archdeacon and the member, who did not know glue from soup, or salmon from skate, had their mouths full, and could not speak. So I had time to watch this butler, though I nearly caught a <rick in the neck in doing it At last the wretch turned round, and showed (us guilty face. Up he stalked from the sarcophagus at the end of the funereal chamber, and in his hand, or rather with both hands, he held a bottle. One would have thought, by bis solemnity mid sloth, that he hadbeen high-priest of Halicamassos, hold ing in his hands the precious alabaster vase marked with the cipher of Xerxes, which Artemisia filled with good drink for -the use or her husband's ghost, and which the curious reaaer may see in the innermost chamber of the British Museum, side by side with the 'lownley vase. Slowly he came, and slowly he went round, as though performing a sacred **t melancholy rite. We were 14, a ' A most expert arithmetician, like -Cassio, I at once calculated my chance—I was >lastbutonein the round—of getting any of bottle! I did get some, ana this was how ***««. Hisordera evidently were to make the wine go round, and he did it with a ven : geance. Each man got half a glass, and some •of the women none. I gulp * " *5.1 could have swallowed baboon's f alone Marsala, as this wine was." Ofthiskind of thing we have no leas than ninepsgef, devoted to one dinner only, srhiobiatmpeu trop fort. But it is in gossip ^t^^thoreiunesi, rather than in description er fa the ludntiag of character. The one real end moving personage in the book, is Aunt Manderville, who is an original, most j likely drawn from the life. As to Arethosa gnd the rest, the villain, and the siren, they I are mere dummies—vehicles for the author's own discourse, not always very refined or witty, Our author fis far more at home lu writing of how pdople have behaved or ought to behave, than in making them behave. For .•'ipifrnW toi'.'-iifco Wloiitog passage, which isa very smart piece of dialogue :— .^'^3^ waiy^4oto ahd bravely done this ^^k'Auwtffiiv&reiiW; IAto" In 3 vols, ton flens Httrtt atdBlMkeH. 1870. morning, Mr. Halfacre. I always knew four heart was in the right place.' " ' Indeed ! and what Is the right place for my heart ? Pray tell me !' " 'The right place for every man's heart is his own breast Better in his own keeping than in that of any one else.' " 'Bat suppose it slipsaway from him in spite of himself ; suppose he can't keep it; suppose he is like the giant who had no heart in his body?' "1 was a great fool to giveArethusa this chance. She caught me up in a moment " ' The giant who had no heart in his body was a dolt, and came to grief, and so will every one who is not master of his own heart' " ' lam not master of mine,' I said, ' and yet I shall come to joy if yon will keep it for me.' " 'And suppose I do as they did to the giant's heart in the fairy tale ; suppose I squeeze it and crash it and break it and yon die, like the poor giant?' " ' If I am dead I shall be past praying for; bat giant or no giant yon have my heart and if yon crash it and break it I shall die, and yon will be a cruel woman. Arethusa.' And then, throwing ail tongue-fence, on one side, Chichester, I am madly I stud, ' Arethusa in love with yon, and yon know it' *" I do know it, and 1 do feel it Edward Halfacre. And, if I do not give way to the feeling myself, it is because I know, and feel too, that your aunt will never countenance too, that yoor j _ the feeling. Women are sharp-sighted creatures ; and though she is very kind to me I feel and see as plainly as if she had spoken it to my face, that Mrs. Mandeville will never consent to our marriage. It is not yesterday or today, but long ago, at Dfracombe and in London, that my woman's wit taught me this, and I said to myself, why encourage this boyish passion ? Let it wither as the corn by the way side withered, and let me not be the cause of quarrel between Edward Halfacre and his aunt,' "' But you do care for me a little, Are thusa ! Your feelings towards me are not all duty to my annt.' "' Perhaps I care for yon a great deal too much. Who can tell?—time will show. There now be quiet, Mr. Halfacre—Edward.' "If yon think 1 am going to tell yon what brought about all these disjointed expressions from Arethoaa, yon are much mistaken, most inquisitive reader. I hate cariosity in men ana. women; and, if yon fancy I am writing this book to let you know things which were done in confidence, and am only be described as 'strictly private,' you ought to be ashamed of yourself. Besides, have yon no imagin ation? Most yon see everything in Mack and white ? Have you no soul? Were yon never a lover? If not, 1 pity you. If yon have been, how would you like your secrets, your declarations, your approaches, your storm, to be made as public as the Gazette of the Siege of Sebastopol—a town which I may remind yon was assaulted many times before it fell ? No; at certain times all lovers should take the veiL It was not few nothing that a mist fell □poo Dido and ASneas when they entered that fatal cave. Exercise yonr imagination, therefore, bat do not due to ask me why it was that Arethusa uttered those fragments of speech." Nothing more unlike a love-scene could be imagined than this. Perhaps the most in teresting portion of the book is its pictures— if we may call them so—of the scenery and life in the Mediterranean. The author has some personal knowledge of Greece and the Ionian Islands, and makes use of it for an entertainment Here is such a passage as he loves to give us, about Zante and entrants " In the afternoon we passed Ithaka, long ing to land on that dry-weather spot, famous for Penelope and Ulysses, and now for quince marmalade. But we had no time to stop; we were bound for Zante, 'Zante, the flower of the Levant'—the beautiful fantastical island, with its revengeful race, of whom the director of police told me, when I asked him the difference between Corfu and Zante, ' The difference is this : it takes 10 policemen to arrest one man in Zante, but in Corfn one policeman will arrest 100 Corfiotes.' It is a sort of paradise of murderers, Zante. There is at least one murder every day. Zante would not be Zante without it, and the whole population, man, woman, and child, think it is their bounden duty to assist any murderer to escape from justice. Their excuse is that San Dionysio, or San Geronimo, once' helped a murderer down from the gallows; ana as they are bound to do what the saint did, why they do iL Close to the lawless mainland, too, a murderer is safe once he is off the island. Bat it is a lovely spot, looking away to the ancient Messenia and right np the Golf of Corinth. Bnt the glory of Zante, which it shares with Patres ana Vostizza, is currants. As Bergen in Norway, and Wick in Scotland, are all herrings, so Zante in the currant season is all currants. We were there just at its height, and currants were the reason of the signor's going there at all. How many barrels of j indigestion did we not pee in the shape of the currant crop, piled np on the wharf in casks waiting for transports to take them to all parts of the world ? How many doctors' Mils after Christmas, and how many bottles of; black draught might not the philosophic eye have seen, attending on those casks, after greedy little boys had consumed them in plum paddings and minced pies." There is one Sappho, a Greek woman, introduced, who speaks smartly of England and for her nation, bat not so much as a Greek lady, as though she had been a British journalist :— " * Oh, yon English—you English robbers!' There she stood in the blazing snn staring out ] of her great eyes^down to the Piraeus and : Salamis and Angina and across the the blue sea to the Morea. She looked like the great I goddess herself as she denounced us as a i nation. 'Yes, robbers. You were stolen ana stole > yourselves. The Normans came away your freedom, and ever since you have stolen from all nations. Here a rock, or a headland, or a port; there a province or half a continent Sot what yon most life are islands. Even robbers have tastes, and your taste Is islands. I should like to know how many islands you have stolen. If another j nation discovers an Island, you peizeit and say you were there first If they colonise it or settle it you seize it all the same. If it isn't yours, it ought to bet You are worse than the Dutch. Who discdvered and,settled most of the West India Islands,? The Spaniards and the French. And whose are those islands now? I suppose Van Diemen was an English man ; his name has snch a very English Islands, _ because _ . why have you got that? Only, because it's an island, and that you might smuggle/ your nasty cotton into Germany. That's what papa says when we are alone. Go behind tbisFedlment andaSkhim if what-llsay Is not tenet Nothing satisfies your.gtoed for islands. If Stromboli throws up ato island that only lasts -a weekLsome brave English pwt-captoiu sticks makes it British soil. I really believe English men think that every island in the world na turally belongs to them. I daresay the reason is that yon think yourselves safe on your islands, shut in all round by water. But per haps the time will come when a stronger than you shall come and force you to disgorge the spoil that yon have heaped up in your asylum of thieves. There! I have done; the mad fit has passed off. Let us rejoin papa.' I had stood gazing at Sappho all the while that she denounced us as a nation ot thieves, and I must say she played the part of a prophetess to perfection. I liked her better, too, than when she sat on the tripod of the Pythia at Delphi, and mocked me with riddles and oracles as to my Arethusa. We can bear—at least I can—a national wrong better than a private insult When she had ceased. I only said, 'Very fine declamation, indeed! Some of it deserved, I daresay, though not all. The English nation, neither as a nation, nor as in dividuals, are so bad as we seem. But 1 am not going to contradict a young Greek lady before the Pediment of her own Par thenon. Here, I think, you stand on your own ground, and have a right to say what yon like. Perhaps, though, if you Greeks had robbed moreas a nation, and less as men, if • yon had been a little more tike Engtish * «—1.„ men and a little less tike Greeks, you men ana a uvue icw uaV —, # — would hare been stronger as a nation aud more respected as individuals. It's the old story of great and little dealings. A great conqueror kills his thousands and hundreds of thousands and is crowned ; a little man, a grocer it may be, kills his rival, and is hanged* It is the way of the world. So it is with England ana so it is with Greece.' ' Very bitter,' said Sappho, 'and, like all bitter things, very nasty. Again, I say, let us go back to papa.' I am sorry to say we found the Signor fast asleep with his back to the Pediment. If the glories of Greece and the infamy of England were at all on his mind, it must hare been in his dreams ; bnt I am sore he was not dreaming of anything so great. If he were conscious of anything in that sweet snatch of midday sleep, it was of oil, and olives, and wine, and marmalade, and figs, and, above all the rest, of currants— currants as black, and sleek, and glossy as black Genoa velvet, as I heard a currant merchant at P&tras; describe his crop." Of such material is the book, which will repay perusal to those who do not expect a regular novel, and look for a novelty ia the way of literary entertainment The third number of the Bolletino delta Socktd Gtografica I (a liana has reached us by the courtesy of Signor BiagL It is a pub ication which has expanded with the rapid growth of the society itself, and it now Conns a respectable volume of 560 pages, illustrated with maps; among others, there is one es pecially carious—a representation of Abys sinia, bom the Mappamondo compiled by a monk in the monastery of Murano. near Venice, between the years 1457 and 1459. It is in all respects a facsimile of that portion of the original planisphere which depicts this particular kibgdom. The various dries, for tresses, mountain chains, rivers, and lakes are rudely drawn and coloured ; the boundaries of the provinces are indicated by rows of trees; a lofty cross denotes the seat of a bishopric ; and underneath the drawings of some of the principal places are descriptions iu blue or red ink. The distinguished president of the society. Commendatore Negri, contributes to the Bulletin an admirable address, in which he takes a comprehensive survey of the pro gress of geographical science in all parts of the- world; ami an interesting paper upon Italian 'travellers in the present century shows how largely the adventurous spirit of Marco Polo and Columbus is participated iu by their countrymen in the present day, one of whom, Constantino Beltrami, was the discoverer of the sources of the Mississippi, and the Government of Minnesota has just bestowed his name upon the country in which they take their rise. We learn bom a private letter from Signor Negri, that the Geographical Society of Italy now numbers 9% effective members, 26 associates, and 34 life fmembers. Much of its success is due to the indefatigable zeal of its president, who visited England, Germany, Russia, and Egypt in the interests of science during the year 1869, and whose earnestness in promoting the cause of geographical dis covery is upon a par with that which he has exhibited in the investigation of many pro blems of ancient and mediaeval history Messrs. Clareon, Massina, and Co. have just published an essay, by Dr. Reeves of this city, on the cure of stricture by a new mode of dilatation. The doctor, who was a pupil of Sir James Syme, believes that the plan he suggests is a novel one, and he claims tor it the merit of being extremely simple, while the instruments required are stated to be few in number and inexpensive. It is sufficient to indicate the nature of the work, in order to draw to it the attention of the members of the faculty, who will form their own estimate of the value of the plan submitted to them by Dr. Reeves.' 