Tkebeak certain social enbjecte which come to Hie eorface at intervala, an disco Bsed with great irigor. for a . time, and thei go to the bottom again, in Hie Bame condition as they made their appearance. - One of these ia .muiiage with ft deceased wife's eister. It will be remembered a very . animated delate on this topic was held in the Imperial Paffia-' ment some months back, the balance of arga- meot jbetng to onr thinking greatly in favor oPlsgalimng this connection, fbtit the clerical element proved too atrong for theIay,and the qaestion was once more pat 'on At ehelf to be taken down agun and dnsted eome other day. In Sonth Australia there has always bewi a strong party in its favor, and we were once under the impression that in that dividon of the Australian continent a man could la wfblly espouse the rister of hie deceased wile. Bat ' it seems we were in error, for I be Sbufo Amtrdlian Regieter has lately been drawing the attention of the ^Legis lature to the subject with the object of hav- Ine a bill intiodnced to render siich marriages valid! Aufiiralla italready, set Vic! toria an example In land lslatloii, having been the firot colony to eooonroge settlement in a liberal and comprehensive spirit It is not unlikely to be the first to break the " nbsnrd trammels which, by an obsolete ordi nance of tite State Chcrch of Great Britain, have prevented mnch domestic happiness, and been the means of estranging so many parents from their offspring. The iroudl rtoverca was a proverb long before Horace was born, and there has been scarcely a dramatist or novelist who hss not introduced tize nnkind step-mother into one of hie plots, He advocates of legalising marriage with the sister of a wife deputed argae, and justly, that no one would be en likely to be kind to children as their ova aunt. We see through life examples of extraordinary affection to nephews and nieces on the part of mothers' sisters, and corresponding love for their aunts in the hearts of the children. Who then so fit to be the second mother as she who has for years lavished her affections upon her sister's offspring f Again, there is more often than not a commnoity of thought, feeling, and tastes between eistere, so that a (nan accustomed for years to the companion' ship of one is as it were prepared by domestic j training to take the other to his bosom, shonld anything happen to the first. And this argument holds good for the woman as for the man. She knows bis virtnes and bis failings, and if a sensible person woold have the tact and address to smooth off his little angularities. Why then man should refuse to nnile tbose whom God hae already joined together in heart and soul passes onr under standing. There is certainly nothing in Scripture to prevent each alliances, and it seems to ns the only argument against them which poEsessea any weight is the possible iil-fediog which ' might arise between imsband and wife if the latter thought her sister was waiting to step into her shoes. Yet on the other hand we have known instances where it has been a last request on the part of a dying wife that the aster eboold succeed to her vacated throne, and this, too, expressed as mnch from desire for the happiness of her bosband as from love to tbe sister or the children. Where mntnal affection is qaite pure, as it normally is, the objection jnst stated breaks down at once. There is no force whatever ia the argument of too close relationship, for there is no consanguinity whatever. When the Church allows first coo gins to intermarry, it is tbe height of absurdity to forbid the matrimony of two persons of totally different lineage. We hope soon to see tbe question of marriage with a deceased wife's eister brought promioently before tbe public in "Victoria. The Chorch Assembly and other religions synods hold annoa! sittings. Let ns hear what the liberal minded clergy have : to say upon the question, and what reply can be made by the ritualists. This last word is used in the broad sense, and not as charac terising the devotees of any special class of nhtemnnw Wc flzv «nrp the cnb- ject would be of more general inte. rest than the constitution of a " panel " of triers," or the induction into or refusal of priest's orders as for as the Be v. Mr Hay- ward is concerned. Bat perhaps the best thing would be that some member of the Legislative Assembly introduce a bill on tbe subject We believe it would pass. At all events there would be a busy time for editors ' of newspapers. The correspondence columns wonld be choked with letters from persons of both sexes and of every creed and country. Some later news from England, Europe, and America, will be found published this morning amongst onr telegraphic items. Foremost in im portance is tbe disturbed state of Ireland, which seema to call for the most energetic treatment on the part of the authorities. It will be seen that the British Government has decided to proclaim the county of Tipperary and the county and otf of Londonderry in a state of Insurrection, and to increase the army in Ireland to 30,000 men . A very sadden death occurred on Saturday morning in GreDville street. A man named George James, a groom in the employ of Messrs M'Pbee and Anderson, who bad been lodging with a Mrs Hall in Grenville street, was accom panying her to the Western Railway Station shortly .after six o'clock, and when he arrived at the Fawn Hotel he remarked that he was becom ing quite giddy and fell to the ground. Mrs Hall remained with him until assistance arrived, and he was conveyed in a dray to the hospital. On arriving at the hospital he was examined by Dr Owen, who pronounced him qaite dead; and it is believed that the poor fellow died long before be reached there. The deceased had sustained a sun stroke at Clones some time before, and since then had never been altogether well. The district coroner held an inqu-st on the body later in the day, when, in accordance with the medical testi mony supplied by Dr Owen, a verdict was returned of death from sanguineous apoplexy ot tbe brain. Silk is to be among tbe exhibits at the grain . Bbow, and on some diffienlty being propounded by Mr Learmonth as to getting an efficient jndge, it was agreed to write to Professor Ton Mueller and Mr Wm. FergnssoD. A missionary meeting will be held this evening in Wesley Church, Lydiard street. The rfuir will he occupied by. the Rev J. Watefard, and ad- - dresses wilt - be delivered by the' Rev. -S. Babone, general secretary of Australasian Wes- leyan missions, and the Rev. W. Cumow, chair man cf the Goulburn district. A collection will be made. Welast weekpaidavisitto Messre Smith Brothers' timber yard to see a newly-invented saw- sharpener, lately imported. It is an extremely compact and complete machine, on the principle of a lathe, and will perform all the work of sharpening straight and circular eswb with a rapidity and exactitude which leaves all hand- filing in the shade. The saw is fixed firmly by a screw to a rotating axis if round, and to a -long frame with a travelling bed if an upright frame saw. The operator guides the torth to the tool, which consists of .a disc of an exceedingly hard compound, in which emery forms the principal ingredient. This part of the machine is a patent — the process of solidifying emery into the form of a grindstone being new. A series of these cutters presents various sized faces straight and curved to snit tbe different kinds of teeth re quired, whilst uniformity is ensured in the depth and slope of the cat by means of set screws; a beautifully dean edge is the result; it can be worked with little power, and the saving of -'time is so great that a large saw can he turned off while with the file it wonld scarcely be begun. To show tbe hardness of the emery stone, we' were shown a file parts of which- had been - smoothed and polished by contact only for an in stant. « ' A ineetingof the Catngbam Loyal Liberal As£ sociation was held at the Man of Kent hotel" on Friday ereniog, Mr Murray, vice-president, in tbe _ch»ir. Tbe chairman said that the meeting waa .mteii.lea to Bhow that the Iaberals'Bf Garngham. were still as firmly attached to Mr M'Cnlloch and his party as ever. Mr Howitt .moved tbe first resolution, '< That the present Ministry beingoom- posed of members who deserted the Liberal party in the Legislative Assembly, and formed a coali tion with the so-called Constitutionalists, thereby causing-the defeat of the -M'Cnlloch sdministra- tionand obstructing the business of the country without- jnatrtsine, this asnnCIa Hon is of opinion tiiat it is unworthy of public confidence, and luttberimme'thia association records its on&bsied; ; confidence in Mr M'Cnlloch and bis party." The speaker made s few remarks, denounang the onacpuenou zoimsixyBsa political slum. MrR Halse seconded the resolution, which was carried - unanimously. Mr JameaGreig moved the second resolution, " That this association sails upon all true Liberals to organise and register, in order that they may be qualified to exercise the fran- 1 chisels t the uext general election." Mr Hawkins seconded the motion, which was then put and carried: A sob-committee was appointed to carry oat the second resolution, and arrangements were made for holding a public meeting at an early date. . , We haveto remind onr readers that the entries for the different events to take place on the 14th instant, daring the visit of the English pedestrians, will dose this evening. We have -also been re quested to inform all who have entered for toe 200 yards spin, the two miles walk, land the half- mile race, that they can have their money hath on application to Mr Gaggin, at; the Paviliom fts these erentSjhsre been struck' out of the/pro-, gramme, a 440 yards maiden race and a 440 yards' handicap race having been substituted. Great interest is already evinced in'the day's sport. A large number of entries have been made, and regular breathings are being taken every evening on the Oval. llesm Hepburn and Leonard sold by auction on Saturday the booths and other rights at the fortlicbmisz Mioers' Races. The following is a report of the sales: — Grand stand. Mr Airey (Atiantie), £45; booth No. 1, Mr Frescott. £51 10=: S. % Mrs Mars (Carnghim): No. 3, Mr Schwartz, £29: ana No. 4, Mr Fox (Royal Mail). £26. Tbe gates, saddling pazdocks, Ac, were knocked down at £76, the purchaser bring Mr Alexander Crow, of the St. Mango hoteL The working men's meeting at the Alfrei Etll was well attended last Saturday night, when the chair was taken bv Mr J. Richardson, of Spring Hill. In the course of the evening the Rev. Thomas Copeland, of Talbct, and the Rev. G. T. Bali, of Campbell's Creek, ad -messed tbe sudieoce. The entertainment consisted of tbe u=ua! song-, readings, and recitations, many of which were given with good effect, while Miff Cusben grace fully presided at tbe pianoforte. A troublesome bootmaker, named Daniel Hogan, was brought to the Western lock-up last night, charged with having used threatening and abusive language with intent to provoke Mr Bourke, of the Temple of Pomona hotel, Sturt street, to a breach of the peace. It seems that the quarrel commenced in another house. A miner, named Alfred Williams, who was found without lawful excuse in the dwelling- house of Susanna Tregaskis', at an early hour on Sunday morning, was given in charge of the police, and conveyed to the Western lock-up. George Cowan, a laborer, aged 17 years, was brought to the Western lock-up -on Saturday afternoon, charged with having stolen a cash-box and a box of cigars from a woman named Mary Miller, a storekeeper reading near the Inkermann and Durham hotel, on that morning. It appears he was seen taking the things, and was captured by constable Leverton as he was endeavoring to make his escape. About ten o'clock on Saturday morning a fire broke out in a four-roomed wooden cottage on the Melbourne road; but before it could get bold of the building it was extinguished by means of tbe hose reel from the Ballant fire brigade station. On Saturday, about one o'clock, what might have proved a very -serious fire broke ont in the two-storey wooden premises nearly opposite Wfaitrixxree's hotel, formerly occupied as a butcher's Ebop and residence by Mr Taylor and now by Mr Tlregent. About an hour before the kitchen chimney caught fire, but was speedily extinguished. It is concluded that the Eparks from the chimney ignited tbe roof, for the place where tbe fire occnreed was over the second bed room from the' front. Ac tbe building is snrrannded by other wooden structures, fears were entertained that the fire would spread, but owing to the prompt arrival of the hose-reel from tbe Earl of Zetland Hotel, which, under tbe direction of Messrs Fjfe, Hsysom and Geilbofer, quickly commenced to play upon the bar: ing roof, tbe fire was soon pat ont. The Ballarat West Brigade also pnt in an appearance, bnt did not turn on the water. Tbe damtge done was only slight, bnt is not covered by insurance. The County Court sat again an Saturday, when something like half tbe list of esses set down far hearing wss disposed of. In the case of Donovan v Hylsnd in which it was sought to recover damage for false imprisonment in connection with the gold end jewellery theft at the Nightingale bote, a non-suit was entered without costs. The case of Bcbro Kemp, an action to recover damages for non -delivery of shares, the particu lars of which came tuder a case of assault heard Bt the police court a few days ago, was also heard and a verdict given for tbe plaintiff for £10 and costs. A report ot tbe proceedings together wim the list of cases for to-day wSi be found in another column. Ever since the overthrow of the Holloway and M-Gowsn dynasty at the Theatre Royal there has been a very noticeable paucity of anything in the shape of indoor amusements at Ballarat The consequent d illness has at length been dissipated by the arrival of La FeniUade's lively little com pany, who' commenced operations at the Me chanics' Institute lest Saturday night, and met with a very cordial reception. The entertain ment was ushered in fay an overture, brilliantly executed by Messrs La Femliade and Callimsre, after which Professor Taugfaan's clever poly phonic and ventriloquial basin ess afforded a considerable amount of fan, and won for that gentleman repeated hursts of applause. Several of his imitations were capital, and many of his feats of ventriloquism forcibly re minded OBe of the veritable history of Valentine Vox. At a subsequent stage, the professor ex hibited some very well trained performing canaries, that fired off artillery, and seemed in no way disconcerted by tiie flame, tbe smoke, nr tbe sound. Mr T- Buckley's " Irish Life and Charac ter" must have gone straight to the hezrt of every unprejudiced native, and his jig was as spirited ss it was correct. As a matter of coarse, he waE vociferously encored. Mies Emma Weippert ren dered some .songs in a style that seemed vastly to please the audience, and Mr EL B. Wilton's efforts did not escape dne appreciation. In a humorous sketch, entitled " Mr and Mrs Toodles at borne and abroad," with the comic duet "When a little farm we keep," Miss Weippert and Mr Wilton elicited many a hearty laugh; bnt perhaps the best item in the liberal programme was Mr La Feuillade'e ' . solo, -" Scotland's Reminiscences." The selection was charmingly given; and after having been loudly encored. La Fenillade re sponded by rendering in bis best style a number of tbe more meritorious .of the Dish melodies. Another entertainment will be given this evening, when, we perceive, there is to be a change in the programme. In s circular note issued by the Wesieyan Con ference showing tbe stations of the ministers, and preachers on trial, we find tbe following arrange ments made with reference to the GeeloHg and Ballarat district: — Get long. — John Cope, Charles Lane (Paktugton street), Francis E. Stephenson (Latrobe terrace) ; Drysdale, Thomas Grove; Colac, George B. Richards; Warrasmbool, James W. Crisp; Belfast, Josiab G. Turner; Portland, JohB Pemell ; W. Lightbody, supernumerary; Ararat and Pleasant Creek, John Mewton, James W. Tcckfield, who shall give one Sabbath each quarter to the Mortlake circuit. Ballarat.— Lydi ard street, Joho Wateford, Spencer Williams; Sebaetopol, Robert "ML" Hunter; Ballarat East — Barkly street, Thomas Williams, Tbos. E. Ick, M.A.; Creswick, Joho Catteral! (one to he sent); Clones, William D. Leiezn, John Seceombe; Scarsd≤ and Linton, Richard Hart; Hamilton, William Brown, Thomas Adamson; Mortlake, Edmund S. Bicfcford, who shall change once in each quarter with the minister of the Terang and Camperdown Circuit; Stieglitz, William Weston (one requested); Terang and Camperdown, Henry Catford; Merino, Robert Brown. John Wats- fokd. Chairman of the District. A telegram from Talbot states that great ex citement prevails in that town. All selectors of land residing at Talbot, Amherst, Lexton, and sur rounding districts will have to personally make their applications at Day lesford, although there is a land officer here, and a gentleman etill in the Civil Sertice who acted as fond officer under tbe old Act. Some of the selectors will have to go over 40 miles. A public meeting is talked about. The long-pending Great Tasmanian Reef case came before the magistrates at the police court, Lannceston, on Monday, for. the last time. Only three witnesses were examined : Mr Bernard Shaw, gold commissioner at Walerhouse; Mr William Campbell, seniorledger-keeper of the Commercial Bank, Melbourne; and Mr T. C. Jnst. Ko wit- , o esses were brought for tbe defence. Mr Adye Douglas, tbe ..defendants' counsel, gave a short address in defence: and Mr C. A W. Rocber spoke briefly for the prosecution. Mr Mason, tbe 1 presiding magistrate, dismissed -the case against Milieu, and said'lie Was sorry tbe defendant bad been detained in custody so long, Ellis, however, was folly committed for. trial, trail being allowed, Mmself fe"£200, an4 two enrriies of £100 each. A private letter received biy tbe Gedong Ad- perther on Friday evening, from a gentleman thoroughly e» rapport with all the doings of the English pedestrians, states that Hewitt and Top ley " are in great fig, and that Bird is rapidly gain ing splendid condition. Our Victorian athletes will therefore bare to travel on the 1 2th instant if they vrish fe irih. . 7 ' ;Th e Eeadigo Adeertaer tleiaa that tbe com mittee of the Bendigo Liberal Association are -making arrangenleuts far -celebrating their atmi- versary next month, on a scale of even morevm-' i iruiwfaiinei llaam aw rti at rasa . Sa SA r» '"fx -a saws ww v VVWMWU W» «JV5UIU( U 5U MiC Oddfellows' Hath - It is -expected thst arrange- ments will betnade for accommodating between three and four' (honsana persons at the soiree. Amongst tbe gnests to be invited will be the bona. - Messrs M'ColIbeh and Higinbotham, and other prominent-tnetnhere of the" Liberal party in the Assembly, We take tiie followmg from the &m;(& Aortra- fiua Adeertutri— r?The Bev "John Wateford, of Ballarat, delivered his lecture on ' Happy Homes, and how to make than,' in theFirie street Lecture' Hall, oh Tuesday evening, 1st Febrnsry, in con nection with the Adelaide Wesieyan Mntnal Im provement Association. The chair was wcnpi=H by the Rev J. Boiler, of New Zealand, and there was a very Inge attendance. At the dose of the lestnre the Rev S. Knight, in eulogistic terms, proposed, and the Rev A. Crawford, in an appro priate speech, seconded ;a rote of thanks to the .Eev MrWjatqford, which wss carried by acclama- DDua ftdnovledged by that pentlem&n;, who( jitter the mfliq oe for the compliment aid bpntnaitf oft addressing them. A rote ot thinks having been accorded to the fdiwirmwwj the proceedings woe brought to a close with tiie Xtoxologv end tiie benediction." Prrrate advices were received in Melbourne od Fridav erc tog announcing that Mr Arm>s Beau mont and the remainder of the cpera oaaapanj sailed from San Francisco for Sydney In the ship Bavoanuse, and as that vessel is Dcw fortyix d«vs out they may be expected to arrive shortly. Since the above was written a telegram moouuees tbu tbe vessel has arrived at Sydney. "ITier have got a ghost at Sandhurst. The In dependent says: — For several days past a cumber of persons In Goidea square bare been greatly exdted at hearieg that a well-known grocer in that neighborn ?cd had sworn, that his toue was haunted; and that on more than one occasion, ia the dead of night, he had aeeu a mys terious unknown creature sitting at his firesides after he aud tbe other inmates had retired to r«t According to tbe fciory, one night this week, a few naiades after getting into bed, he was startled by sedags terrible apparition pas acrae tbe room, and vanish in an instant; and on going into fee back room, was still further alarmed at aeeiog tbe form of a woman arrayed in white sitting before the fire, which oa bis approach instantly disappeared, causing each "particular heir to stand on end,' and each particular leg to make tracks." The entries top tiie pefotraaJseM which are to lake place on tiie Melbourne Crickst Ground, next Sslcrdy, win be received at the Fort Philip Club hotel, this evening. A caucus of the Ministerial sup porters is spoken of as likely to be held next week. In anticipation of the re-assembling of Parliament, bnt the nature of the business likely to be sub mitted, or the date of tiie meeting, has not yet transpired. It is, however, probable (says the Ape") that an outline of the policy for the coming session will be submitted, but there wiH be no geseral disclosure till after the House meets. We observe that tire DsioUf Express is con- 44mi.il j MnqJiiHy that this journal rarely reaches that office. We can do no more to help our contemporary otzt of his difficulty than to state that a copy of the Courier is forwarded every morning from this office to the Exprext office, so that the cause of the irregular ity in delivery must be at the'other end. A sensational spiritual seance at Carlton, on the 11th alt. is dereribed in tbe Glowworm. It is net often visitors are so highly favored as were the members of tbe Eclectic Society present on that occasion, and we would like to hear some farther parti enters from them. We are told that the " leader of tire circle asked, if we put our lights ont, wonld ihe spirits favor ns with a manifestation? This question was answered in the affirmative; and tire lights were accordingly .vtingmaliad For nearly five minutes we eat in darkness, expectation, and excitement; when a bright light was seen around the frame of a pic- tore of foe medium's departed sister, which hang over the msntlepiece. Two of the ladies present screamed with terror ! Confusion ensued; a light was struck, and the lamp lighted; and after a little cold water and calm reasoning, onr female friends agreed to proceed with foe investigation. The light was again extinguished, and in a few minutes another light appeared, of a different character, near tbe same place; it resembled a flash of lightning, which again agitated tiie' ladies, who, however, still kept their seats at the table. One of them reached ont her hand to tbe sofa, and spoke to the medium, who not giving any reply, the lady exclaimed, ' She has fainted! get a light ! The light was brought. The medium was insensible, and in a trance. Her hands were cold, and her pulse -very low." Tbe name of Mr J. B. Rolls, of Brunswick, is appended to this communication. 