I MUSIO AND THE DRAMA. . i "Ju« tico al way" whirls In equal measure."-LOVE'S ij.vuoim a IMST IN ovory branch of art thoro ia somo modol sorvos ns a standard of excollonco, and by which skill or talent of ita representatives muy bo tos In tho tragic drama 8hnkspoaro's " Hamlet" lippi to ho tho work to which tho position is nccorx fed common consent. Evory tragodian aspiring to i ominenco in his profession must essay tho part, i mubt consent lo bo judf-od as to his qualifications this branch of art by his success or fuiluro in giv to this most iliflicult character somo spoeinl ]. [ minonco it hos not before attained. Tho Iangungi I tho pout is in this piny so vnriod and capablo ot many different constructions, that, though wo ir rond and hear it almost to satiety, Ibero is alwi somothing now to bo gleaned, somo raiding or siti tion thnt has previously escaped our notice, so chango from our preconceived idoas : and tho Ira; dian, who ona prosont thia to us will at onco riso tho standard of measurement, or will sink beneath ns lin Ciils t6 equal his predecessors. Herr Bninlmnnfi has by no mi-iutis dimfinVlur! 1 sonutittion Tn Syd um- by hin onnclmimt ol' tho .Puni prince ; on the "contrary, his laurcli JIKIV bo s»id have gathered ir» r-xtont ; for, hov.v.-r<v ih" (.-haw; ol'Knrcisso muy havo served lo liKplay h Li PJV-I stngo and dnim.ilie qualifications, yeL a piece lum,! necessity IOHO in intercut when ita incident;! ai peculiarities nro confined to tho actions ol' ono perso ngo only. 'Tho many phases ot' Hamlet's chutad woro fully displnycd by Herr Bandinann-oaoli i: dividual sccno hud its peculiar feature. Tho special characteristics of tho porformanco we originality and naturalness. His readings wore, i far ns consistent willi tho poofs moaning, in mm: instances difforont to any previously conceived ide whilst tho stngo "business" was now but stnriliiij Thoro, nddod to the purity of his pronunciation (wit but a very slight foreign intonation or accent, prij cipally in tho rapid passages, where ho is not on li gnnrd), and with so evident an npprociulion of tl: structure of tho Inngimgo, mid of tho conception < tho author, all combined to produce ti moro remark able portrait of this character than most representa tions wo havo witnessed. _ No school of tho drama is so porfect ns that ox hibitcd on tho Connan stngo. In most otho countries it is tho reverso of tho Latin pool'K dictum 1'urta nascilur »on Jit, for actors aro mostly made not born ¡ that is, thoy adopt tho stago ns a profos sion after other pursuits havo failed. But in Gor many men and womon uro educated nnd trained, fo tho stngo irom childhood ; nrt grows within thou with their growth, and they may justly sorvo ai niodols. Horr Bundmann is evidently not only i dramatic hut a Shakespcrian student, and his Ham let is tho result of maturo study and reflection. Tin entire urrnngemont was moro, iu accordance witl tho German representation, und with tho author'i text. Tho whotesalo excisions which British stagi tradition lins countenanced wore notobsorvod ; man sccnos necessary to a duu understanding of motivos, und to a correct prominence of tho different charac- ters woro permitted to remain, und tho play aseumod nu unusual completeness. Herr Bandmonn represents Hamlet to us nt first ns a very natural porsonago, having already dis- tinguished himself, but now with natural footings -nourning fbi- tho doalh of n beloved father and ii great king, ¡ind disgusted with tho conduct of his mother and uncle. His first speech was scarcely so well delivered ns most of tho remaining econos, and his elocution was a littlo uneven and guttural. Tho seono with tho ghost was splendidly conceived. Tho hilt of tho sword waa in anciont times always used ns a cross for protection against ovil spirits, find hera Hamlet leaves the platform following thc ghost slowly, his reversed sword held steady before him. In tho succeeding sccno tho figuro of tho ghost was to have boon soon dim and shaded through tho can- vas that formed tho turret, tho moon, represented by tho limelight, showing full upon it ; an exceedingly good idea, but, unfortunately, not carried out on Saturday in consequence of an iiceidunt to tho light, which darted ubout like a wiil-o'-tho-wish, and tho ghost was invisiblo, tho lights in tho body of tho houso hoing in full glnro. Hamid's first address to tho ghost was remarkably fino. Tho sudden start at thu word "angels," whon ho first sccs tho ghost, nnd tho hushed towering of tono to " nnd ministers of graco," were beautiful illustrations of contrasting inflections. In tho next scono whoro ho makes Horatio nnd Murcollus swear not to recall what thoy havo seen wns equally good ; hore is tho first moment that ho assumes tho idea of madness, evidently that ho may throw ovon his friends off tho scent, in order thai ho may maturo somo plan for learning tho truth, and discovering his unclo's guilt. Tho least effectivo speech was tho long ono nt tho ond of tho second net, " O what a rogue and peasant slave am 1 ; " portions ot it wero rather unnaturally hurried, but it was only weak in contrast with tho many vivid bonutics of tho other parts of his performance. Tho soliloquy "To bo" wn3 a string of pearls though Ophelia, who was present, reading at a loctorn all tho limo, must huvo heard it. Ilorr Baudmann gives this scono a very natural reading : loving Ophelia deeply, his faith in woman is lost through tho conduct of his mothor. Tho address to tho actors was rather too measured and slow, but im- proved at tho termination : nnd tho wholo of tho plny-sceno gave opportunity for somo fino and novel neting. Passing over minor points wo como to tho closet sccno, arranged as a panollod room, at tho back nn oratory in which tho Queen kncols nt an I altar. Hero when tho latter comes forward, and tho J hangings drop, Polonius hides himself, nnd is boro murderod. On reproaching his mother with her conduct ho snatches from hor tho medallion of hor dead husband and throws it nt tho portrait of I tho "counterfeit ^resentment." when instan tnnoouBly tho Ghost stops out of tho tramo, ino .wholo scotio was so novol and Hun- Bandmnnn's sudden chango (ono of tho great featur03 of lu's net- ing) so stirling that n ruro excitement was caused, tho progress ol' tho pioco hoing interrupted for n few minutes. Nothing liko it has boon witnessed, l'rovious to this, tho sccno with tho King nt prayers waa given (usually omitted) ; it flited up tito picturo hy showing tho King's romorso. It would havo boon hotter had Ilumlot not boon so near tho King's chair. I havo not spneo lo continuo my remarks ns to tho romiiining scenes, ospocially nt tho gravo and tho final pnssngo at arme, with tho restitution of tho entry of i'ortinbrua, and tho honours paid to Hum lot's body, easing oft' tho horrors of tho triplo murdor. This was also a novelty. I havo only spneo to say that Mr. Hoskins aa tho Ghost, and Miss Covcora n as Ophelia, stand out, both for rouding and costumo, inboldroliefngainBtnllthorost of tho characters, which woro not what thoy might havo boon in either point. Tho Adolph! is doing a good business-tho prices of admission being low will always provo an attrac- tion to ono class of tho community, and thoso cnn mannpjo to enduro tho littlo discomforts of lieut mid other inconvcnioncoa insoparablo from a houso built in this pcctilinr mnnnor. Thoro ia a compact com- pany, Miss liosa Cooper and Mr. Charles Young, tho principal mombora. These uro a ginni! host m thoinselvcs, and havo, of courso, to db nil tho work. , Ono great íbnturo in this thoutro ia tho vory elegant I Bccnory, on whioh Mossrs. Wildon and Ilnbbo, who form part of tho mnnagemont, bestow nn additional I mnnimt nf Him,, wnll irTinwn n ri tal in tu«*» You Hoarcoly know that Mr. "Walter montgomery I jinid us n living visit n week or two sineo from Now Zealand. Indeod, it is tho Inst wo mo Iikoly to soc of hun for n long timo to como, if wo ovor do so ngnin. llb arrived horo¡flrat with a loud flom-itm of triimpots and drums, and went out liko tho puffofnn oxpiring candlewick. IIo carno from Now Zealand incognito, undor another namo, and rather indis- posed j within a fow hours ho loft for California. Mrs. Hobart Hoir lins already cast asido her widow's woods' and has boon married to Mr. Darrell, Mr. Walter Montgomery's very young protogo. In musio I must dofor nil Horny till noxl wook, whon I purposa serving up a potpourri of homo and foroijjn intolligonco. Indocd thcro is nothing doing boro mst now, nnd all musicnl interest merging in tho delightful anticipation of tho opora. But boioro closing I may mention ono thing that carno to hnud bj' Inst mail, and ennnot fail to interest nil who wish woll to Australian artistes. Miss Julia Simmons, who delighted so many at concerts hero by hor nd mirablo stylo of singing, has mot with groat BUCCOSS in London. She has again boon studying undor Arditi and Mori ; at longth it was found that sho might venturo lo tost public opinion. Mrs, Hop worth Dixon, tho wifo of tho groat critic of tho Athcnmum, to whom Miss Simmons was introduced, invited a party to moot hor, amongst others Cumpuoll Clarko, tho musicnl critio of tho day, who oxprossod himself as most delighted with her oxooution, nnd domandod an introduction. Miss Simmons then sang nt n couvoraoziono of tho Associated Arts Institution ; four hundrod pooplo woro prosont, all strangers ; her singing gaVo groat dolight. ', MÍBS Simmons wa» I.,- BIRON. 