THE SABLE BROTHERS MIN STRELS' CONCERT. This amitiur band of Ethiopian minstrels -impelled, as<4isual, by charitable motive* ] -gave a grand entertainment in the hall of. the 'Mechanics' Institute, last night, for the benefit of the widow of the late Sergeant M'Donald, vfhn for some time occupied the position of drill instructor to No. 2 Volunteer Artil lery, and whilst so placed became a .general favourite. The members of this- corps inarched up to the hall under the command of Captain Itaskleigh. Some time before the performance commenced, the second and third seats were crowded to excess. The attendance in the dress circle, however, .was but very moderate, and it was a subject pf general reiqark that Captains Rashleigh and Price were the only volunteer officers present. It would, we think, be better for the future, when entertainments of this kind are given, to throw open the reserve seats on the platform to the general public; that i - to say, make them tlic .two shilling teats, as it is of no use keeping them for a clais of people who "ill not come, and if our suggestion is carried out there will he more accommodation" and much unpicasaut crushing will he avoided. TLe drum and fife band of the No. 2 Volunteer Artillery having played a tune, the performance commenced, and it was at once apparent that not only had the troupe increased in number, but that the quality of the voices was decidedly superior to that which charac terised the first performance given by the troupe; there were. bISO more n}cu, arid as a. .consequence the choruses were rendered much more effectively. Mr K. Gullau, as usual, was " all there" as one of the I orner men ; and it is to be doubted if there is a better in the colony. He plays the tambourine well, he has always a good conundrum to give, his dancing is first .. class, his humourous delineation of negro character never fails to secure genuine bursts of applause ancj roars of laughter. Bart 1 consisted df songs" both B-htimental snd comic, iiuiie of whicn were Better rendered than "Seeing Nelly home" by Mr Jas. Allan', who as the " Mr John son" of the company managed to iqa^e everything roll smoothly 'along. Come where my love lies dreaming" was most effectually sane by James' Allan and 'the company; and then followed a display of swordsmanship. This was a ten minutes' play with the foils, when Sergeant Kings- bury took the place of a gentleman who was unavoidably absent, and faced the re- doubtable veteran Sergeant M'Sweeney, whose skill with the foils is not to be surpassed in the colony. The contest was watched with great in- terest, but as a matter of course the novice did not stand a "ghost of a chance." M. K. Gnllan and J. Allan having kept their audience in excellent humour with " negro oddities," J. C. Allan, by request, sang "Nora O'Neil," and this, aa far as vocalisation is concerned was undoubtedly the gem of the evening, and was deservedly encored. Then followed the Golden ;r Shoe Dance by the brothers Allah, and the easy, graceful, style in which they went through this difficult performance pnragbt down a shower of bouquets. They -were succeeded by M. K Gullan with his " unapproachable J'oi" and. when we say we never saw him Jance better, our readers may well imagim it was a treat to see him. That ludicrou' burletque, "UapoleonB Mighty. Small Army," by the Masters Allan and Brook, was, as on the last occasion, perfectly iire sistilile-the make-up of Master lirwikf is Napoleon? being laughable in the ex treme. 'I'he whole concluded with a burlesque opera entitled "A Haunted Houseand, to. conclude, the Sable Brothers deserve great credit for the manner in which the}' placed their enter tainment on the stage, and for the ex cellent motives by winch they arc actuated In giving their services whenever it is to do good to their fellow-creatures. 