GHAPT£B XXIV. They at Vaoxe, in the lofcg Bg ' lery. It was always a merry meal, and ft fas the fashion of the house tnat all should ' i preMUt - 'TheCardinal was seldom absent. Busedtosay.^lfeel more on ^aal terms pith my friendsat breakfast, and t*ther look brward to my banquet of dry toast" ? Lord It Jerome was Qoice prond «f receiving his bttem and newspabere at Vauxeearlier by far lhedid at ^t Jamea'Mquare; and as all Bresnpplied withtheir letters 4nd journals, leirwas aigteatdemand fornewB,anda pro ortional circulation of it Lady Clatkmorne ldolgod this vassion lor gossip atnwingly one >nlng«;andmdaletter fromher *oorre jndentv^rritten with thegtapeota Sevignd, but Which contained details of marriages, elopements, and a murder among their inti mate acquaintance, which made all the real intelligence quite insipid, and was credited for at least half an hour. , The gallery at Vauxe was of great length and the breakfast-table was laid at one end of it The gallery was of panelled oak, with windows of stained glass in the upper pano, and the ceiling, richly and hfeavily carved, was entirely gilt, but with deadened gold. Though stately, the general effect was not free from a certain character of gloom. Lit, as it was, by sconces, this was at nigljt much softened; but on a rich summer mom. the gravity and re pose of this noble chamber were grateful to the senses. _ The breakfast was over; the ladies had re tired, stealing off with the Morning Post, the gentlemen gradually disappearing for the solace of their cigars. The Cardinal, who was conversing with Lothair, continued their con versation while walking up and down the gallery, far from the hearing of the servants, who were disembarrassing the break fa«t table, and preparing it for luncheon. A visit to a country house, as Pinto says, is a series of meals mitigated by the new dresses of tlie ladies. "The more I reflect on vour travels," said the Cardinal, " the more I am satisfied with what bas happened. I recognize the hand of Providence in your preliminary visit to Rome, and your subsequent one to Jerusalem. In the vast events which are impending, that man is in a strong position who has made a pilgrimage to the Holy Sepulchre. You re member our walk in the park here," con tinued the Cardinal; "I felt then that we were on the eve of some mighty change, but it was then indefinite, though to me in evitable. You were destined, I was per suaded, to witness it, even, as I hoped, to take no inconsiderable share in its fulfil ment. But I hardly believed that I should have been spared for this transcendent day, and when it is consummated, I will gratefully exclaim, ' Nunc me dimiltis >' " " You allude, sir, to some important matter which Lady St. Jerome a few days ago intimated to me, but it was only an in timation, and purposely very vague." "There is no doubt." said the Cardinal, speaking with solemnity, " of what I now communicate to you. The Holy Father, Pius IX , has resolved to summon an (Ecu menical Council." "An (Ecumenical Council!" said Lothair. " It is a weak jjhrase," resumed the Cardinal, " to say it will be the greatest event of this century. I believe it will be the greatest event since the Episcopate of St. Peter; greater, in its consequences to the human race, than the fall 01 the Roman Empire, the pseudo-Reformation, or the re volution of France! It is much more than 300 years since the last (Ecumenical Council, the Council of Trent, and the world still vibrates with its decisions. But the Council of Trent, compared with the impending Council of the Vatican, will be as the mediae val world of Europe compared with the vast and complete globe which man has since dis covered and mastered." " Indeed !" said Lothair. " Why the very assembly of the Fathers of the Church will astouud the Freemasons, and the Secret Societies, and the Atheilta. That alone will be a demonstration of power on the part of the Holy Father which no con queror from Sesostris to Napoleon has ever equalled. It was only the bishops of Europe that assembled at Trent, and, inspired by the Holy Spirit, their decisions have governed man for more than three hundred years. But now the bishops of the whole world will as semble round the chair of St Peter, and prove by their presence the catholic character of die Church. Asia will send its patriarchs and pontiffs, and America and Australia its prelates; and at home, my dear young friend, the Council of the Vatican will offer a strik ing contrast to the Council of Trent; Great | Britain will be powerfully represented. The bishops of Ireland might have been counted on, but it is England also that will send her prelateB now, and some of them will take no ordinary shore in transactions that will give anew form and colour to human existence." " Is it true, sir, that the object of the Council is to declare the infallibility of the Pope?" "In matters of faith and morals," said the Cardinal quickly. " There:i4 no other infalli bility. That is a secret With' God-' All that we can know of the dec&i;&i; *>f Council on this awful head is that its decision, in spired by the Holy SpMtj ipust infalliblybe ? ngfat We mnst await thattie<Monilsnd,When made known, we must embhtc6it, hot only with obedience, but with the interior assent of mind and will. But there are other result®'' of the Council on which we may speculate ; and which, I believe, it will certainly accoria* plish first, it will show in a manner that cannot be mistaken that there is only one alternative for the human intellect: Ration alism or Faith ; and secondly, it will exhibit to the Christian powers the inevitable future they are now preparing for themselves." " I am among the faithful," said Lothair. "Then yon must be a member of the Church Catholic," said the Cardinal. " The basis on which God lias willed that His reve lation should rest in the world is the testi mony of the Catholic Church, which, if con sidered only as b human and historical wit ness, affords the highest and most certain evidence for the fact and the contents of the Christian religion. If this be denied, there is no such thing as history. Bat the Catholic Church is not only a human and historical witness of its own origin, constitution, and authority, it is also a supernatural and divine witness, which can neither fail nor err. When it cecumenically speaks, it iB not merely the voice of the Fathera of the world; it declares what' it bath seemed good to the Holy Ghost and to us.'" There was a pause, and then Lothair re marked " You said, sir, that the Council would show to the civil powers of the Chris tian world the inevitable future they are pre paring for themselves V " Evenso. Now mark this, my child. At the Council of Trent the Christian powers were represented, and properly so. Their seats will be empty at the Council of the Vatican. What does that mean ? The separation be ' twee 11 Church and State talked of for a long time, now demonstrated. . And what does separation between Church and State mean ? That society is no longerconseorated, Thecivil governments of the world no longer profess to be Catholic.1 : The laithful Indeed' among - their subjects willpe represented at .the Council by 1 their'^pastors, but the oivtt powers have separated1 themselves from the Church ; either by royal edict, or legislative enactment, or revolutionary changes, they have abolished the legal status of the .Catholic Church within their territory. It. i|i not their choice; tJiey are urged on by an invisible power that is' anti- Christian, and1 which Is the true, natural and implacable enemy of the one . visible and universal Church. The Coming anarchy is'called pro gress, because it advances along the line of departure from tbfc old Christian order of the world. Christendom vras till offspring of the Christian family, and the foundation of the Christian family is the sacrament of matrimony, the spring of all domestic and public morals. The anti-Christian societies are opposed to the principle of home. When they have destroyed the hearth, the morality of society will perish. A settlement in the foundations may be slow in sinking, but it brines all down at last. _ The next step in de-Christianising the political life of nations is to establish national education without Christianity. This is systematically aimed at wherever the revolution has its way. The period and policy of Julian are return ing. bome think this bodes ill for the Church; no, it is the State that will suffer. The Secret Societies ate hurrying the civil governments of the world, and mostly the governments who disbelieve in their exist ence, to the brink of a precipice, over which monarchies and law and civil order will ulti mately fall and perish together." " Then all is hopeless," said Lothair. "To human speculation," said the Car dinal; " but none can fathom the mysteries of Divine interposition. This coming Council may save society, and on that I would speak to you most earnestly. His Holiness has resolved to invite the schisma tic priesthoods to attend it and labour to bring about the unity of Christendom. He will send an ambassador to the Patriarch of the heresy of Photius, which is called the Greek Church. He will approach Lambeth. I have little hope of the latter, though there is more than one of the Anglican bishops who revere the memory and example of Laud. But I by no means despair of your communion being present in some form at the Council. There are true spirits at Oxford who sigh for unity. They will form, I hope, a considerable deputation; but, as not yet being prelates, they cannot take their seats formally in the Council. I wish, in order to increase and assert their influence, that they should be accompanied by a band of power ful laymen, who shall represent the pious and pure Blind of England-the coming guardians of the land in the dark hour that may be at hand. Considering your previous knowledge of Rome, yonr acquaintance with its eminent men and its language, and considering too, as I well know, that the Holy Father looks to you as one marked out by Providence to asferc the truth, it wonld please me- and, tiust me. it would be wise in you-were you to visit Home on this sublime occasion, and perhaps put yonr mark on the world's his tory." "It must yet be a long time before the Council meets," said Lothair, after a pause. "Not too long for preparation," replied the Cardinal. " From this hour, until its assem bling, the pulse of humanity will throb. Even at this hour they are speaking of the same matters as ourselves alike on the Eu phrates and the St Lawrence. The good Caresby is in Ireland, conferring with the bishops, and awakening them to the occasion. There is a party among tbem narrow-minded and local the effects of their education. There ought not to be an Irish priest who was Drought np at the Propaganda. You know that admirable institution. We had some happy hours at Rome together-may we soon repeat them ! You were very unwell there; next time you will judge of Rome in health and vigour." 