THE BLACK BOX. A MYSTERIOUS TRAVELLING STORY. It was in the depth of a dark and dreary Winter ! But it was in the middle of a warm and beautiful summer when the deed was done. As yet I am not alluding to anything mysterious at all, but at the same time I am very anxious to I explain how it was that I, a humble, and not altogether solitary Englishman, found myself located in the Hetel Drei Liebchen, at Anaunas- berg, within a few hours of Christinas Day. I will call the pretty German Rbinefcown of mine Ananuasberg, if you please, because that name is just as good as any other for my purpose; , and it is quite sufficient to hint what a pleasant and tender place it must be, when I frankly own that I entered it one summer the most cynical and confirmed of bachelors, and said good-bye to it & neophyte Benedict, I I vm tme&sg; atone one summertime fuU of health, and uncommonly foil of spirits, and I rashly got out of the Rhine steamer at Anannasberg 1 in orderto pay a flyingvisit tcfa miniature Pm!; hedged round with avenues, and consecrated to the military, ; and deliver some letters i of intro duction to an enthusiastic English engineer, who was doing his best to make the stolid- Germans energetic, and make a fortune during the unen viable process. ;r . . ; Had I known what I was -doing I might have paused before I delivered the letters all. X found the Englisliruan a delightful fellow, a courteous gentleman ; and I discovered, more over, that he was the owner .of a delightful home just outside the pretty German town. Strange to say, he took to me. ; There was jao beating about the buBh. We were friends at once, and a few hours after my credentials were read and thrown aside, ! found myself walking with my arm ih his towards that cosy and hospi- ! table mansion in which he lived, and where he had introduced that delightful hoine feeling, and those pleasant family associations, so dear to the English — so strange to the foreign mind. Here was a miniature English home planted in a strange land, and I can teil you that it was by no means objectionable to enjoy my cut of jeint under his mahogany, in the company of men worth talking to, and women decidedly worth admiring. " 1 " " It was just the kind of family we read of in story-books. There was no stiffness, no restraint. I was put at my ease at once. The pure sweet feeling which ran round the table was infectious, and they one and ail possessed that rare' gift of including the solitary wanderer in their reign of love. Before dinner was over I was one of them, and I found mvself talkine to. and chaffimr the girls and the guests asif I had known them all for fifty years instead of so many minutes. I am now gradually hearing the point. Before the next snn sank my portmanteau was moved up from the hotel to my friend's house, and the first night I slept under his hospitable' roof I was dreaming, strange to say, of his daughter. There was no help for it. It Was the veiy place for all others to make love in. It was the very weather of all weather for the operation. A house surrounded by a wilderness of. varied trees overarching one another, and making love in "their quaint and fanciful fashion; a lake at the end of the garden full of desolate weeds, and owning a crazy old boat, the scene reminding one in its picturesque misery of George Leslie's lovely picture of the girl breaking her heart at the margin of just such another lake, which we all kno w was exhibited in the Academy only a year or so back ; — secret paths in the garden, and hidden seats ; a nunnery next door, with sweet sisters singing religious hymus, just to show one how lovely and monotonous is their miniature heaven, and how wicked and occasionally pleasant is our work-a- day world — a soft croquet lawn for the more worldly, and bright flowers for the lovers of nature ; a sun which perpetually gleamed upon the warm white house, and laughter for ever ringing out of it — surely such a place as this was the one of all others to make love in. But if it was delicious in the day-time, how much more exquisite was it at night! The sitting-rooms were of course on the ground floor, and opened on to a low verandah, and when the lamps were lighted, and the voice of a sweet girl singing stole out into the clear moonlight, how delightful was that after-dinner cigar, on a quiet seat under the shadow of the mighty trees! In such a place, and with such a -scene, any man in the world would fancy himself in love if he wasn't ; but as I was honestly and truthfully in love, it is not very likely that I shall forget the charming picture. They called her Annabel, and I called her so first on the brightest of all the moonlight nights, when half-a-dozen of us had been frightening the girls in the shrubbery, and we found ourselves alone — I deny that it was accident — by the gloomy lake. All alone, and where it was terribly still, for we were both together, and were deter mined that not one of the prosaic party should catch us. mi rrn_ _ . j a i i » an ere we were, xoe one vora - Lnnaoei came trembling from my lips, and the one look which her answering eyes gave me, persuaded me that I had not made a mistake. . "We were engaged ; and a few days after I left for England with all the parental difficulties got over — the husband that was to be of as true, and sensible, and as pure a woman as ever fell to a young fellow's lot. This was in the summer-time, and at Christ mas I found myself, of course, at the Drei Liebchen at Anannasberg. Christmas at home was for the first time in my life out of the question. I had another home. I was longing, and had been longing for many montliB, to get to her, away in the German Rliine- town. The meeting of lovers after the first separation is ineffably sweet, and must be felt to be thoroughly appreciated. It was a bitterly cold winter, but I heeded it not. The thoughts of seeing her again almost warmed me. My excitement to get away from London was tremendous. We all know that pleasant time — those few days before Christmas, when every cab dashes past us with a portmanteau on its roof, taking light hearts and happy faces to kindly homes far away. But mine was no ordinary journey. Most of them had a long spin on the Great Western or Great Northern at the most, and a cold drive afterwards, until the red curtains and the lights of home gleam through the leafiess trees of the avenue. I was bound for Germany and my love. My holiday was short, but under the circumstances, where iu the whole world could it be better spent? I tucked myself up in a first-class carriage at Shoreditck station, and smoked diligently until I arrived at Harwich. I turned out into the frozen air and took a brisk r-.nn fit-.Tf-.iifinnnl Anwwmnpfl in a great-coat to my heels, in that dreary custom house barn, where they land the cucumbers and toys from Holland. The delay in the starting of the steamer seemed a life-time, but at last we were off, and then I groaned dismally until we arrived at that accursed " bar." It was an awful passage, but I felt like a young knight-errant in days of chivalry. Every cup and saucer, every glass and bottle were smashed to atoms at the " bar." We scraped the poor ship's bottom along the sand, we rolled, and tossed, and jerked, and swayed. The passengers moaned and shrieked with pain. The cattle lowed dismally. The engines snorted, and I was not thoroughly happy again until we steamed up the mixed and muddy waters of the Rhine and the Meuse, and eventually sighted Rotterdam. Rotterdam was frozen over. The inhabitants were skating about vigorously : but after a troubled and waited sleop under the borplteble end earn- fertftble roofrfteeewasr ef fte Bu, smoking; difdreaimiMifld thinking, and Met- ting anai5ngmg,-T-ferea aKfrnidaghr on Christmas Eve at the -Drei Liebchen;: . . ;-f It was too late to present myselfat the 'white house. Besides, I- was riot presentable. I was -diriy, unshaven, uncomfortable, and wobegbne with oonstaht travelliBg. ' A quiet night at the i hotel £ thought the ' best plan: in ' Order ' that I might present myself spick-ahdiBpan -the -next morning. ' S - | Such precautions &s; these. should never be for- ' gotten. -The female mind is generous, but sus ceptible; and this susceptibility hot unfrequently completely conquers generosity. I knew a young lady once who was engaged to a man and loved him, and who adored him more than ever when he had a terrible foil out hunting and nearly killed himself. But when she met him for the first time after the accident weak and pale, leaning on tw® crutches, and with a large piece of black sticking-plaster half -across his nose and his ; face; her warm lovfe died within her, and she broke off the engagement a week after. J I flatter myself that the love of toy Annabel was warmer than that of the young lady still I determined to be on the right side of the hedge, and made up my mind for a refreshing- sleep at the Drei Liebchen. But I reckoned without my host. It Was after midnight when I drove up to the hotel from the station, and though, as luck would have it, mine host had not "retired for the night, I found anything bat pleasant hews awaiting me. I was absolutely thunderstruck. There was no room in the hotel ! So my host informed tne in his blandest and TltAQr. AnnnOGitnnniniw Mamas' wuuvouvuuiug vUllCB " What ! at this time of the year ?" I asked, with something like irritation. A stupid and very positive " ja," answered me incontestably. The fact of the matter was this, my host had made up his mind to keep Christmas in a thoroughly sincere manner— all honour to faim for the determination — and had invited every available relative in all Germany to his house. Aunts and uncles, mothers and sisters, cousins and innumerable cousins- german filled every hole and corner of the hotel ; for, in addition to those good folks, all the servants had received carte blanche to ask all their friends and -relations as well. . It was no nse to qnarrel with this extraordinary and highly praiseworthy arrangement. The aunts and uncles, the cousins and cousins-german, the friends and relatives of the male and female servants were tucked up warm and comfortable in bed, while I, the Only paying guest, was shivering in the cold stone halb " But have you no corner ih which you can squeeze one for t-he night ?" I asked. The landlord consulted his slate. He also con sulted a very sleepy and obstinate keliner — the kind of man who seemed determined not to smile or be genial, and appeared to take a quiet and fiendish delight in my misery. "Yes ; there was one room." The silent waiter acquiesced mournfully. Nothing in the world could persuade him to get excited, particularly on such a cold Christmas night as this. There was one room; but should I object? There was not somebody but something in it. " What is that?" I asked, curiously. "A black box." I looked astonished. " Oh ! there is nothing to be alarmed at," said my host, wondering at the curious expression of countenance I had assumed. "The fact of the matter is this. An officer, who is to be attached to the cavalry regiment quartered in the town, telegraphed to me only this morning for a par-. ticular room, which he always uses. He said that he would send on his luggage beforehand,' and arrive by the last train to-night. The lug gage, consisting of this one black box, arrived, not beforehand, but by the last train, and as the officer has not, up to this moment, made his ap pearance, and as I cannot imagine that he is remaining so late with any friends in the town, there will surely be no harm in your occupying his room." " Are you sure that you are running no risk, and that he is not likely to come in an hoar's time and want his room ?" I had no notion of being disturbed in my first sound sleep for any officer in the universe. The laudlord considered the matter gravely, and finally gave, his decision that it would be all right. Accordingly I went gratefully up to bed ; and too tired even to take the precaution of locking my door, I surveyed the black box for a few minutes, wondered how officers could use such ridiculous and unsightly coffers for conveying their im pedimenta, and very shortly after turned into bed. It was a bright," starlight night, and the snow in the streets and on the housetops aided iu making ply room uncommonly light. There was no means for shutting out the starlight or the snow. Everything in the room was distinctly visible, and the most conspicuous object was naturally that dreadful black box. - I was dead tired, but, strange to say, I was rest less, and could not sleep ; indeed, I was, if any thing, overtired. I was excited with my rapid journey, excited with the thought of seeing Annabel, worried with the prolixity of the landlord, and curious about the black box. I was gradually becoming excited about the box. I fancied all sorts of horrors. My mind wandered from Greenacre, -the murderer, to the horrible Pant-in tragedy ; from Portia to Bluebeard ; from the dramatic narrative of the "Mistletoe Bough " to the thrilling tragedy of the " Iron Chest," which I had seen during Mr. Charles Kean's management at the Princess's Theatre. I became more feverish and more restless — I tossed from side to side. And then, I suppose, from sheer fatigue I must have dozed. A sudden and sharp click awoke me ! Could I have been dreaming ?. I sat bolt up in bed, and listened. Not a sound. The box again fascinated me: so shrinking down between the sheets again, I watched it. Was I mad, or was my brain so fevered that, I knew not what I saw ? Slowly— very slowly — inch by inch, I saw the lid of the box move. T: ere was no use denying it — I was in a terrible fright. . I don'tmiud the natural, hut I have a liMy horror of the supernatural. A Burglar I could have tackled. A heavy boot at Jus PPgkdj if conectijaiqjed, t$nd him backiuto bw We like a, jaek-ui.tiie.hqx, to m to kit g to w&tik; 4 |>iie in the agonies of death, would be too terrible. Ac9P.. suddenly jaHvfirmy- iace and body. X was in a fevered, nervous, and unfortonate- State and in that horrible condition Between sleeping and waking Iiiardly kne w what 3 tvMabbutr was no doubt about it. ? 0 ! Then a head appeal,' And it looked1 stealthHy round the room. t v-. I instantly pretended to fall asleep, and gav€ a very good imitation of a'sfiore. " \ The head - lengthened' into a body. The lid ei the box flew back, and a 'short, thick-set man stepped out of his hiding-place. '' It was no ghost. He paid no attention to my jewellery, hat made at once for the door. It was unlocked, as I 'said before, and now I saw for what reason. The key was on the other side, and I' had not thought of transferring it. He walked as noiselessly as a cat, and slipped quietly out of the room. There was no time to be lost. I hurried on a few articles of clothing, provided myself with a stout walking-stick, the only thing I had handy, thrustmy money and jewels into my pockets, and started off on the pursuit. \- 1 was wide awake by this time, and was now terribly eager to arrest my midnight visitor. I knew not what he was. He might be a thief; he might be a lunatic ; he might be the . old gentle man himselfi I was determined not to arouse the house nnf.il it. was absolutely necessary. The clock struck three as I darted into the passage to surprise him. Kjne tnmg was quite evident. He either did not know I was in' bed, or else was positively certain I was asleep. , He would never have ventured out, if a . thief, with me so inconveniently near. Down-stairs I went in less than no time. But I was too late. Those minutes occupied in collecting my valuables and slipping on my tilings were all wasted time. ' There was no trace of him. It was terribly dark in the passages, and I was rather nervous of a sudden encounter in the dark. Besides he might have fire-arms, while I was "comparatively unarmed. The notion of coming flop up against him in the pitch darkness extinguished some portion of my enthusiasm. Besides; while I was reflecting what to do and where to go, I found that I had lost myseif entirely. I'khew nothing about the ins and outs of the rambling old hotel, and I had not taken my bearings, and qdite forgot the number of iny room. I wandered about the passages for quite half- an-hour, and at last, after a fruitless search for the mysterious man in the box, I happily dis- ' covered a half-open door, and found out my room by my boots. Now came the question what to do. There was no trace of the man ih the room. The door of the room was open, as I left it, but the black1 box was shut! What should I do ? Should I alarm the house, and get called a fool for my pains, supposing the box was discovered empty? Should I lift the lid, and risk everything in a final tussle ? Should I lock the door from the ontside, or lock the door from the inside, and go to bed again ? I went deliberately up to the box, and struck it violently with my thick stick. It was not quite closed after all, and I heard, to my surprise, a howl of pain from the inside. As luck would have it, I had got my man after all. ; My mind was instantly made up. I darted suddenly back, gave the box another violent crack with my stick, rushed out of the room, and locked the door. And then I shouted with might and main. . A bell-pull was handy, and I pealed at it. . Up came half-a-dozen waiters ; at every door appeared an uncle, an aunt, a cousin, or a eousin- german ; and, lastly, up came the pursy landlord of the Drei Liebchen. Having collected my forces, I opened the door. We were only jost m tune, for the window was wide open ; and with one bound across the room I just managed to secure his last retreating leg. I dragged the culprit back into the room, and . made him show his guilty face. " Max!" cried the landlord and the waiters with one voice. They knew him, evidently. They knew the object of his visit better when they looked into the black box, for there was secreted every atom of silver — knives, forks,, spoous, and dishes — which the household pos sessed.- " . The mystery was soon explained. The midnight j ; visitor "was a discharged waiter, and he had hit upon tlie happy expedient of the black box - and the false telegram in- order to conveniently rob , the house on' Christmas Eve. He knew well enough every nook and corner of the house, and had it not been for my opportune visit to the hotel my friend the landlord would most certainly have lost every atom of his silver, and the robber would, in all probability, have got .clean off. The box was ingeniously ' contrived, and evi dently made for the purpose. It was well ventilated, and in all probability had been used before for a very similar purpose. The thief was immediately handed over to the police, the detestable box was dragged out of my room into the passage ; I locked myself into the room, and slept, without a break, until every bell in Anannasberg woke me out of my slumbers and reminded me it was Christmas morning. As for my dear Annabel, she made far more of 1 a hero of me — as all good women do — than I really deserved ; and after the dinner that night, over the walnuts and the wine, with a dear little hand resting cosily in mine — but under the table — I told the assembled guests, with as much ; picturesque force and dramatic intensity as X could muster, the true aicd authentic legend i ef " A Niglit at the Drei Liebchen ; or, The Laud- lord, the Lackey, and tlie Black Box." 