CHAPTER LXIII.-SHERLOCK'S STORY. Mark Shadwell dismounted nt tho inn door, in tl market-place of Applebury, and inquired whether tl vicar had been there. Ho loamed that ho had been i tho town beforo niue o'clock, having an appointment i koop with Thomas Foukes, of tho Mills, and he ho shortly afterward visited tho prison, and returned b ton o'clock. "Is Mr. Temple still hero?" " No, Bir, ho wext up tho town a bit. Ho said he' bo leaving, may bo, in twenty minutes, and his hon s at his feed." i " Did ho say anything of a prisoner -who was ill ' asked Shadwell, anxious to lighten his suspense. "No, sir." Throwing thc bridlo to tho man, ho walked quickl toward tho narrow street in which stands tho gaol c Applebury. At tho corner he mot Stour Templo. " Oh !" said he Btopping. " Thanks for your note I'm hero in consequence. How is ho ?" "He'll never speak more, tho doctor says," ans were< Stour Toniplo witli a shake of his head ; "hohassunl into a lethargy and is dying." Shadwell sighed like a man who puts a load off, anc looked down on the pavement for a little. "Havo you seen him moie than once ?-I hope hi did speak. " Shadwell looked palo and anxious as ho raised Iii eyes to ask this question. " Yes, he did ; and I was anxious to seo you,1 answered tho vicar in a low tone. "Shall wo got inf tho room at tho inn ? Thoro is no uso in your going 01 to tho prison. Ho can neither hear nor speak-poor unhappy man !" They turned and walked down tho steep littlo stree toward tba markot-placo, Mark, in a very low tono said " Isupposoho confessed everything ?" "Ho told mo a very odd story," said tho vicar " you shall hoar all when wo get in. Don't youthinl wo had better wait-it's only a minuto ?" " Oortainly, asyou think* BO." Mark felt vory oddly ; and in his suppressed agony o! suspense, ho looked with what carelessness ho coull assume up toward tho sky, and across from ono gablo' point to another among tho quaint houses, as if in t sudden anxiety to read tho weather. They had now reached tho inn door. Thore was nc ono in tho small room with tho bow-window looking across tho unequally paved squaro. " "Wo can have this quietly-to ourselves ?" asked thc vicar. Tho waiter acquiesced ; and Stour Temple, shutting tho door, drew near tho window, whero thoy sat down. " Tho wretched man was quito aware that ho is dying-in fact, it wns only because ho thought death so near that ho despaired of your coming in time, and told mo the circumstances." " Ho confessed tho murder, did he?" asked Shad well. "No-that-is, ho did confess tho moral guilt," bogan tho vicar. " I don't understand," said Shadwell, growing palor. " "Well, I'll explain ; I'll tell from tho beginning you know it was not always easy to follow i*oor Sher lock's meaning." " No-thoro I agreo - ono must ho a cabalisfc, or n rosicrucian, to guess at it-quito mad," acquiesced Mark Shadwell. "Well, my translation of his meaning is just this : from tho momenthe hoard of Sir ItokoWycherly's visit, ho had a foreboding of ovil ho could not account for." " Yes-yes- -his dreams and demons," said Mark. "Ho told mo-go on pray." " "Well, I know it is your wish that I should be quite frank. Of course there wore foolish, or, as you say, mad things mixed up in what ho said ; and you'll for give mo for telling you one of thom, because it ovidently accounts for part of what has happened." " Pray, toll mc everything. I know-better than ever lately-that ho was quito out of his mind ; I shan't bo surprised ot anything." " Weil, then, he did not say so distinctly, but thero is no other way of accounting for his language ; in fact, ho convoyed the admission that ho.had cherished a secret and absurd, but most passionate, attachment to Miss Shadwell." " Oh !-Indeed !-Very flattering," " Ko one, of course, suspected anything so preposter ous, for he describod it us a seoret, as well as I could make out, between him and his violin, and his demon and kept it close within his own heart. Thencnmci suspicion that Sir Boke Wy cherry had como to Raby t< pay luB addresses to your daughter. *. That is straugo !" said Murk, quickly, " for pool Eoke hud taken a violent fancy, and had, in fact, madi up his mind to ask my daughter to marry him. I can'l say, of course, that so young a girl, and ono so entirelj out of all merely worldly influences' would have dreamed of it ; but, I may tell you now, ho talked tc me in a way that could not admit of a doubt as to hi: intentions. All that was laid in tho dust with pool Boko himself, and what you sny, throws quite a new light on the motive." "Yes, there was jealousy ; but lie says that, quit< apart from that, thero was another influence promptinj him to that crime." That's pretty plain,"said Maik, with a grim shrug , "He told mo it was an impulse which he found ii eventually impossible to resist. He was so persunducl that ho was drifting toward that dreadful crime, that ho told you and Mrs. Shadwell that he must leave Baby, but not until after he had actually attempted to enter Sir Roke's room at night, with tho distincl purpose of taking away his lifo." " Lamentablo that he should not have told us hi; reason for urging his departure. It was my insisting on his postponing it, then, that caused this miserable affair-but who could have fancied anything so per verted and dreadful ?" said Mark, who was looking more and more miserable as their conversation pro ceeded. " On the night of tho murder ho had resolved tc confine himself strictly to his room, until the early morning, when he meant to leave Baby. But his strnngo temptation assailed him, and overcame him. Ho s tolo through the passages and came to Sir Roke's room, which ho found open. He had in his hand the Malayan dagger which was found in Sir Koke's room. Ho entered, as ho said, as noiselessly as a spirit-there was light. Sir Koko was not in his bed ; he saw him, as ho fancied, dozing in his chair. Ho said as he approached, the resolution to put him to death grew more inflexible. He described hinisolf as all the time freezing with a kind of horror at his meditated act. On reaching tho chair he found that Sir Koko was already dead, and weltering in his blood, ns we found him." Shadwell, as this narration proceeded, had risen ; and standing with his shoulder to the window-frame, was staling down on Stour Temple almost as ono might havo fancied Carmel Sherlock looking down on thc dead face of tho baionet. When Stour Temple looked up, he was shocked. Waa it 'Mark Shadwell or a ghost ? That old face-frown ing, trying to smile, with thc eyes of a detective. His doubtful glance awakened something in Tomplo's startled countenance that recalled Mark Shadwell, and he laughed suddenly. *' A cock-and-bull story, oh ?-rather ?" ho said. '* The fellow's madder than I had an idea, and also, moro cunning. You don't quite believe all that-do you?" " I hardly know what to believe," said Temple ; " I have not had time to think it over yet. I only know that odd as his language was, and odder still his mystic ramblings, tho story was perfectly consistent. He said that he remembered dropping the knife from his hand, and concluded that he must havo picked up the dagger with which the murder had actually been committed, by mistake Ho fancied that it was his own, and thought ho had effectually concealed it afterward in the stublo-yard.,' " Yes, it's all a muddlo ; I wonder you had patienco to listen to him. The man's dreaming-always mad, ?and now in a fever," said Murk. "Very -weak, it is truo; but he appeared torneas collected as I remomber ho appeared to me at any time." "Not saying very much though." " This, however, is no mat tor of theory or imagination. Tliore, I grant you, ho was always wild enough 5 but one simply of recollection, as you shall hear. He said that as ho approached the door somo ono went hurriedly out. Ho saw tho shadow on the wall, after .tho figure quickly turned the corner of the gallery. Ho fancied, 1 can't say why, that it might bo Sir Roko himself, in his dressing-gown, and followed quickly ; and he distinctly saw that it was Miss Marlyn. He knew that she was awake and up. She had been, he says, at his own door not very long before. Ho thinks sho had soiiie quarrel with Sir Roko Wycherly-" " Why, she did not know Sir Roke," interrupted Mark. "Oh ! pardon mo, I thought I had mentioned that. She did know him-he admired her when she was at that school, in France. I thought, in fact, I had mentioned-but, on second thoughts, I believe I did not-tho unpleasant rumours affecting him, which I did mention to Sir Roko himself." Mark looked down ; tho contents of Miss Marlyn's desk had apprised him of this discreditable acquaint ance-a scandal now condoned. Ho had not been awaro bofore, however, that it was known to Stour Tomplo, and this discovery was embarrassing. "What can I know of Miss Marlyn's acquaintance before she carno to Raby, except what you told me, of which you seemed not to bo very certain yourself, and what tho principal of tho sohool herself disclosed. Thoro was nothing about Boke Wycherly thero. There was absolutely nothing but what might be said, by a spiteful old woman, of any good-looking girl who had tho misfortune to reside under authority. Nothing but malice could account for Sherlock's talking Buch stuff, if wo did not both know that he is crazy." " Well, I can't quite agree with you. An acquaint ance thero certainly was ; and, it would seem, an understanding, at one timo at least ; and Carmel Sher lock is quito distinctTipon ono point, and that is that sho was tho person who ho believes came out of Sir Roke's room. He has not tho slightest doubt that sho was tho person whom he saw in tho gallery. She was walking very quickly, and ho could not hear her trend. " "All very fino if poor Shorlock had been in his senses,"' said Mark. " I always thought Carmel Sherlock a man of very acute observation and accurnte memory," said Stour. "Yes, and ono who saw visions, in a matter whero his imagination was oxcitcd. I would not hang a dog on his ovidence." " I'm merely submitting what Sherlock very posi tively stated ; I don't offer any remarks of my own ; but he said, in distinct terms, that he had no doubt tho murder was committed by that person-Miss Agnes Marlyn." " Why, my good God ! sir, you can't seriously mean anything so hideous and absurd ?" said Mark Shadwell, with a palo sneer. "Tho meaning is not mine. I simply repeat what tho dying man told me," remarked tho clergyman. " Simply !" sneered Mark again. ê " And you know it would bo quito out of tho ques tion my presuming to suppress it," said the vicar. "True churchman, Temple," muttered Shadwell, bitterly. " Your true Christian loves punishment sacrifice, you know-and as ono victim slips through our fingers, we try to lay hold on another. I don't think you evor liked that poor young woman mtich ?" Stour Temple looked with an unconscious sternness for a moment, and Mark lowered his eyes bcforo his surprised and searching gaze. " One would naturally feel an interest in her," began tho vicar, who made it a rulo never to be offended with Mark. Well, I think so : an orphan girl, cast on tho world so very young, without kindred and friends, I do think it rather appeals to-I don't say our Christianity though I havo road something somewhere, like " think eth no ovil"-but to our manliness and decency. I say, I think it appals one, even whispering such a charge, upon tho evidence of a madman, against a orea tuvo BO defenceless and inexperienced." Whito and angry looked Mark as ho spoke, and ns if ho hated tho vicar, who, in his cold way, simply added " You see, I tell you all this as a magistrate. It does appear quite incredible ; but is there anything so mys terious and paradoxical as crimo? What new and terrible ideas of human nature it gives us." "Oh! yes-philosophy and psychology-nil very fine ; but you will not get twelve men in a Christian country to believe, on the evidence of a mad assassin, that a poor little good-natured governess overpowered and slew a baronet of six feet hitrh, and without any assignable motive. Come, what do you seriously ad viso me to do with this notablo piece of evidence? Had I botter ask you to swear an information, and ask tho Ciown to tako it up ? Do you think tho country would ever allow such a joko to dio agaist you and me?" "Icare very little," said the vicar, "who laughs, provided I have acquitted myself of my duty. Differ ent men will value that dying declaration differently. I havo a full noto of it with me, and am ready to make affidavit to its accuracy whenever I may be called on." "Yes-yes-of course ; I'm quite sure that Carmel Sherlock said every word you repeat ; but surely you must see thatto pretend we had a case for indicting Miss Marlyn-my good God! as much a lady, in all respects, as you and I are gentlemen-would bo simply to utter a frantic libel. We don't believe it ; wo can't believe it-you no more than I." " What steps do you mean to tako," asked the vicar. A silence followed. " Well, it is not easy, atamoment," said Mark, with a chango of manner ; and ho walked to tho window and looked out over the red blinds into the drowsy old market-place, across the jolty pavement, and to the picturesque gables, the tinted fronts and latticed win dows, that looked to him like an odd dream. And he added, returning, "You would not mind giving me that copy of Sherlock's story ?" "I'll make a fair copy, and you shall have it," said the vicar. " Yes, that's what I mean ; thanks. I'll -I'll tako an opinion on it-an able opinion-and we'll put our heads togothor. And, I suppose, wo both consider it right to be perfectly silent on tho subject until I shall have got professional advice to guido mo ?" said Mark, looking hard at him. "Certainly,'' said tho vicar, with a reassuring emphasis. "I knew you'd agree with'me," said Mark. There was a pause, and theu he said s "I wonder how Sher lock is now ? Let ua go and see." Sherlock was worse, and could not live through the night. He lay in an uneasy lethargy, moaning, mumbling half-sentences, turning feverishly, and nowhere and nohow finding ease-like a man dying in tho fevor of over-fatigue-too exhausted for sleep, too exhausted for consciousness. Tho doctor had looked in for tho last time, while Mark and the vicar were talking in tho inn parlour, and Carmel Sherlock, in a few hours more, was to die. In tho night he would go-in the darkness which he had peopled with sights and voices, and pass through tho throes and shades of chaos into tho wonderful hfe of spirits ! So, drowning now in Lethe, the struggle, growing faint and fainter, would end surely in a few hours more, and he have sunk. Farewell the queer old room at Kaby, the battered quartos, tho desultory life, the enchanted Straduarius, the moonlit vigils, and that wild despairing love, that mingled with its music like a distant song and cry-all is hopeless jumblo now, colours mingling, sounds con fused, floating and moving away toward the final dark ness and silence. Mark loitered on, from hour to hour, in the little town of Applobury. I think, so long as Carmel Sher lock lived, there was a feeling of suspense. It were something, if that were onded before he mounted his horse. A few hours saw the short day out. Tho vicar's buisness in tho neighbourhood was ended. They mounted their horses at the little inn-door together. A melancholy sunset, a wild blood-rod glare faded into darkness, and a frosty starlight followed. Tho vicar and Mark rode away, side by side, in silence. I don't think a word was exchanged until they reached that point whore the road to Eaby diverges ; and there they bid ono another good-night and pursued theil" soli tary routes homewards. It was growing cold. Mark buttoned his wrapper closely across. Ono look over his shoulder ho took to ward the distant town of Applebury, and with a heavy heart thought of the matchless fidelity of poor Carmel Sher lock dying there in prison. Then he spurred home ward : and, as ho looked bcforo him into the darkness, trees and hedges dimly gliding by, a different foeling succeeded ; for was there not a beautiful face at the end of this night rido that interested him, and made the darkness romantic ? (TO BE CONTINUED.) 