" A T N I G'H T F A L I.' J ; By Henry Kendall. Across the darkling lulls of Dandenong Stalks Twilight like a ghost, and from the bay : Therecame a deep sonorous, sea born Bound, .Wilhflying spears of raiii, and in the west £7erce of a.etormy auneet gl^^e heights that look like heaps of sullen gold Against the leaden shadows of the elopes. Wiienday (is dj-ing off the_windy void, And sleet is faeatirigtKrc^gl^ the whittling woods; What iitn'e the weeping maiden, April, eiis' Aiuougst the faded relics of the leaves ; T^en. Memory often turr.s. to old. days, And wajide. s like a wraith, into the J?asJ;, Aud if' a man ha# levied and suffered much, The phai toin of his youth is apt to come," Andfiit hejf-tce him as he sits alone, Aud floatabnut him like a fitful dr$am, A sweet sad light.amidst,$he gathering gloom. Ah! when toe hair is thin and shot with grey, And he'who wears it has a mournful sense Thatlheis growing old before his time, How trying then to such a one must be The apparition of liis former self Arrayed with strength and love, and joy, and hope, And radiant with those aspirations young That flood with light the face, what time our blood, Is full of spring's abundant life and fire, Ant? lusty as the green September aap ! While sitting near that dream of what he "was And musing on the fact of what he is, The soft dead days before hue, ope by one, Float, dim as Bpnquo's issue no the play-; And these with thin sadVoices seem to say " We too were part of'thee: we each are waife Pale perished waifs' of thee, and Love and Youth." Uor come the daysalone. Qidspota-old scenes, Sweet coloured,places in .another land Untrodden by bis feet for many years, As in a! dream-scape, grow upon las sight, 1/ike alienated "beauty. -Then itis:. Henjakas a d^i^uess with his hollowed :hands About his taaeil 'face; and tjxen it is fife fiftn would find some Let hW which would bring That eta£eof rest acid great jTorgetfulness Jtn .which* the fast with all its lights and shade hplly 4row'i>ed, and nothing comes to -vex The soul with lijnts of sorrow bora of death, Or broken hopes, or disappointed loveB. At nightfall, darling, after days austere, fefore the moody fragments of my fire, often 'sit alone and think of you ; And though I know that now these thoughts are sin, And though the shadow of another stands Between us twain, and though I keenly feel How muchyou wronged me in deceptive days, I have ho power to lull a lawless love, And cannpt choose but call you darling still. All,-Maud! {Jiereisno ^assron like the first: I feel ft'wlien T breathe yoiir slow sweet naine, I know it when 1 hear the songs you'loved," " It burns me when I pass you in the street; In allmy dreams your shadow floats about, In all by. walks your presence fills the time. In ail my Terse there is a trace of you ; And, since our alienation, I have felt That sense of loss which never leaves a man, But kills his pleasure in the glad green earth, Aud spoils his love for God V most perfect days, And makes him tired and sick.of all that is. 