WALLABOO: WEDNESDAY, NOV. 2. The Teeasvtber'S financial policy, and his manner of submittingit to ihe- House, must be borrowed -from incidents with which he was probably. familiar with in Ills early years. Anyone who has wit nessed the diorama presented by - a peep-showman in the old country will have no difficulty in deciding what Gamaliel Mr UAET has been sitting at the feet of. We have been permitted by our financial saviour to nave three glimpses at his Bkilfully combined and wonderfully attractive Treasury budget, and, as in the peep-show, we trace the same artist's hand throughout. The first exhibition took place in July, immediately I after the celebrated visit to Melbourne for the avowed purpose of attaining a commercial unity, but which, in spite of the Allegations of the delegates that their expedition had been a success, we now know to have resulted in a war of tariffs. Then the picture? presented for our inspection was one, got up with great regard for effect, not unlike what we might imagine5 the bottomless pit, chaos, and the day of wrath, if jumbled together, to be like.. The Treasury was repre sented to be in a terrible state. Mr HAET had entered it, expecting to find things bad enough, but the reality had far ex ceeded his worst anticipations. Then, to this picture, was appended a moral. Tt was intended to lead up to two conclu sions. We were expected to say-What a mercy it is for the colony that Mr HABT is Treasurer ? And, salvation of the colony will be cheaply purchased at the £200,000 he only auks for! The peep-showman's first picture did not, what stage managers term, " draw " very well. Mr HART added brimstone and coloring matter, but he reminded too obviously of the old women in the nur sery stories who attempt to frighten chil dren by mysterious allusions to the bogie up the chimney or in the dark closet. There were unbelievers who: considered that the advent of the TuEisuBER to office , was a questionable mercy, and who refused to see genius in madly squander ing the money of the colony on the one | hand, and borrowing money on the other j to make revenue and expenditure balance. Then the second instalment of the finan cial diorama was expanded for our view. We were invited to look on this picture and on-that. But, if the first exhibition was rather a failure, the second was still more so. It was wliat is very common in the Government of the colony-a mere muddle, without form and void. The show man was told to pack up his traps and not to come back until he could show something which could, at least, be under stood. So, on Thursday he appeared again with a full, true, complete, and particular account of what had been for merly but shadowed fortli. And the fact was noteworthy, that with it there came a change of policy. The House was cre dited with having passed the " rawhead and bloody bones " period of its existence. Hon. members, it was seen, would not be frightened into a swinging loan. - The Xncient Marine* sailed on a different" tiack. This time there was no cause for alarm or apprehension. The debt of the colony was a mere bagatelle. It was true there ,had been a bad year or two, but. merely a little accomodation was wanted whilst the turn came. Surely so reason able a request would not be denied. Why, not to grant it would smack of the blackest ingratitude. How could lion, members look at that Ancient and wily Mariner, grown grey in the service of his country, with his aged hands still grasping at the helm, ready to cling to his post till death came, and say JNo to his modesjt de 1 mands F Consistency is a virtue that it is im possible not to admire in a politician. So, when Mr BABT told us on Thursday that, after the figures be submitted in July for our consideration bad stood the test of time for four months, they were yet found to be correct, we are willing to grant him all the praise he deserves. That they should prove thus correct isxt tribute to his genius. For it is impossible to contend that the circumstances looked forward to then, resemble those that we have now to take into consideration. To us there seems something magical about figures that so adapt themselves to various phases and alterations. We had been accustomed to regard them as' most Obstinate things, but Mr HART has shewn us that elasticity can be introduced into them. For instance, when he made his financial statement in .July, it was based upon the calculation that the land revenue would at once cea,se in consequence of the Land Bill that was to go through both Houses flying. Now we find that he has the prospect of a land revenue on the old scale for at least six months, and probably longer, since last July. In 1SGS the land revenue was £224,000, so now, Mr HAM may calculate, or rather we may for him. that the Treasury will be £100,000 richer than-there was reason to expect in July. And yet, in the face of this, we are asked to believe that the estimate in July and theestimate in October, both substantially the same, are both- correctWe don't dispute it; but we see only one way of accounting.for it. If Mr HiET continues in the Treasury, and the present Ministry continues in office, we can quite believe that the £200,000 loan will, every penny, be required. And then, we suspect, there would be a deficiency. Complaints were made that the House was not in full possession of the finan cial policy of the Government, but this cannot be the case now. Nothing could be clearer or more explicit than Mr HABT'S statement on Thursday. The Government is to dry up a legitimate source of revenue;-one that brought in a large amount of money-one that no one grumbled to pay-and borrow to make up the deficiency. And in order that there might be abundance of peace at the Trea sury so long as JOHN HART should endure, he would wish to take power to borrow twice as much as he is likely to require. The House has been told by the Govern ment that it is a bad thing to mix up the general revenue with ihe special one on account - of public works, and Mr Habt proposes to continue the prac tise. He allowed that it was a for tunate circumstance that the legislation he is responsible for had- been delayed, in spite of the earnest attempts of the Government, for six months ; and yet, his will try to force this legislation on. The footing he proposes to place the finances upon is one in which there is no attempt to make revenue and expenditure balance save by means of a loan. The discrepancy between the two he wishes to widen by adding to the expenditure and diminishing the legitimate revenue. This policy' we believe the TREASURER will be permitted to carry out. We believe that his policy is that of a majority of the members of the House. In no other TEEASTTEEK could they find a man S3 exactly after their own heart. And, as far as we are able to see, whether Mr HABT should have power to borrow one or two hundred thousand pounds is a matter of not the slightest importance. He sells as many bills on London as he likes and expends the money just as he thinks proper. Then, once a year a budget is cooked, it is agreed that the money is spent, and there is an end of the matter. And a very nice ending it is too. " LOST, Stolen, or Strayed," the so called economy that was the distinguish ing feature in last year's Parliament. At the time we had no great faith in the economy that was so loudly vaunted in the House, but the fact no less remained. that almost ^e^erygline on the Estimates was being n^bledi|$. As far as we^wpre able to judge,- the House wai$ inclined to be penurious rather than economical. There was to be sbme beggarly: cheeseparing By which a few hundreds. per annum would -saved, it was said-whilst the economic men were quite agreeable to squander aVay"ifhousand^ n^ecessarily ~orerJ^Be South-Eastern *ail|ray^cheme. least two tbemb^ers 6t the^jresentMitiWtry were distinguished even amongst the economists. Certainly Mr BRIGHT was the leader* £he(preseut T EAL being to him but a sort of butcher's cad.;, tinder such favorable auspices it is easy to conceive that a vast amount of virtuous rant and fustian would neces sarily be spoken, but what we want to know is, what has become of all this eco nomy and patriotism? It is sad to con sider that aU Mr BRIGHT'S economy and Mr B. C. BAKEE'S patriotism should have'beeii but as the morning cloud and the early dew which so soon pass away, but we are afraid sueh isthe fact. Both of the two hon. members, one of whom has succeeded in the object of his ambi tion and the other has not, have, with one consent, abandoned the flag they last year sailed under. , Mr BEIGHT found that it did not bear him on to the Treasury benches, and Mr BAKER finds it would be useless [to him in his present capacity. And so economy is a dis carded cry. A reason why the present House of Parliament is as distinguished for its prodigality, as the last attempted to be famous for its parsimony, is to be found ; in a comparison between the ages of the . two august bodies. The Parliament, last; year, everyone supposed, w&s; moribund one. Hon. members had regard to the fact that they might, at au early date, find themselves/face to face with their constituents. Therefore Mr BRIGHT used his familiar implement with unspar ing vigor.. But the present Parliament has no fear of early dissolution before its eyes. Even'if ministers should be beaten, and should ask His EXCELLENCY for a dissolution- there- are no reasonable grounds for supposing, that he would accede to such a request. There are sufficient reasons for supposing that nei ther a better nor a worse Parliament would be' returned if an Appeal wei-e to bemade to the constituencies. But next session a very different feeling will possess the House. By this month of the year hon. members will feel that Par-* liament is in the autumn ot its legislative existence, and then, we may expect to hear something more respecting what some people are delighted to term eco nomy. The question may arise whether such deathbed repenteuce is to be con sidered of any:real value, but there can be little doubt we shall hear the old familiar penitential accents mumbled over. Ail attempt will be made to throw dust into the eyes of the purblind elec-; tors, and the indefatigable Mr BRIGHT will try to scramble on to the Treasury benches. Notwithstanding the fair weather pro testations of the TREASURER whilst1 at tempting to cajole .the House into giving him power to borrow money for current expenses, there are grounds for very serious apprehensions as to the imme diate future of rhe colony. The convic tion cannot be too strongly impressed upon t'lie minds of the electors that the ordinary revenue is not sufficient to cover the. regular expenditure. And it is patent that tiie present Ministry has not the slightest intention1 of putting the finances of the colony in a sounder con I dition. The last Ministry, it is-certain, ! did try painfully to so equalize disburse | rnents and receipts that, a solvent condi tion should be maintained. But it.is evi ! dent that this policy is now reversed. All that Mr Hart has yet. said is, that the | deficiency should be .made good by a loan. And he is evidently prepared to introduce his loan policy mto whatever department he can. He admits that the Govern ment is willing to borrow money for the construction of roads. "Where, we may ask, is the interest fo r this money to come from ? Roads, everyone knows; do not pay a single penny of interest whilst they en tail a yearly expense for maintenance. If it should be known at home, that here, people are so ignorant, so blind, and so infatuated as to borrow money for the purpose of expending it on roads, a very serious blow will be struck at the credit of the colony. In addition to this Mr HAUT is agreeable that a million should be borrowed for the Port Augusta Bail wav and other purposes. We are bor rowing money daily for the Northern Territory. We shall have to go to the market for 110 one knows yet how much for the Northern Telegraph line. Mr HART wants £200,000 011 his own account, and at the same time wishes to diminish the revenue by the £200,000 annually received from the sales of "Waste Lands. ; There is no prospect of the general re venue from other sources increasing to any. considerable amount unless direct taxation .shonldtje submitted to, Aipn doesriiot peeem probable. quires; viery -Vlil|jp} arithmetic to cal^ late thai; "^f^fwie Treasurer, -a£Ce^ last year's attempts at economy, has this year to ask for £200,000 to cover curr!|^^><^^|ure, ne^t year be will, offiea^require to ask for will not be the high road to national insolvency, we, in common with a good many other "per sons in the colony who view the matter with well grounded alarm, shall be very much mistaken. And; when the tale has oozed out, as we expect it willi that alarge proportion of tbib expenditure: has. been undertaken' for. the private benefit of less than a score members ofj the community, there.wijlbe indignation/meetings all over the* colony! The question is-Would .it not be wiser to hold the indignation meetings at the present time, and not wait till the; ste^d has been stolen, ere tlie door be lock ed? . . - , .v' Thttesday, the lOtih ihst., isgazetteda public holiday in eelebrafioti of the birthday bf ]J. R. tt ^ the Prince of Wales. ' - \ THE Government. Gazette of the 27th idfc.,.Wii tained an application ftbm Captain' Hancock of Moonta, for a patent for an.improved method of! jigging ores. . ; ' ; j,: . WE acknowledge the receipt ,o£ the speech: by! MrH. Kent Hughes, M.P.,onthe Edncational question, neatly printed in a pamphlet by Mr D. Gall, Adelaide. - . : . WE perceive by an advertisement appearing in our business' columns that -a: public meeting is convened for Thursday «vening, iflt the Oddfel lows' Hall, Kadina, in aid of the Franco-Prussian ! War Belief Fund; ? - THE Government has/itis Baid, resolved that the mounted and foot ,pol$e shoti^/be armed J with breech loading rifles, and they wili be put! through a course of military instruction. J THERE are numerous accounts in most news papers of damages done by tho recent -floods/ We notice that the rainfall at-- Blanchetp wn from 9 a.m. on Wednesday till the same time on Thurs day, last week, is reported to have been 3f .iiibhte^ Generally speaking the reports of the crop? in' South Ausfcrrlia are good, but in Victoria there seems to have been foo 'much wet. IT will be seen by our shipping report that the Peninsula is actually an exporter of flour,*Mr Marshall, the manager of the Railway,, sending eight tons away, per the Kadiua, E to Haw*. castle. THE Irish Harp mentions receipt in the colony of a letter this tnail from Bishop Sheil iii which nothing is said about returning to theeolony. We notice that the same journal contains a piece of poetry written by our townsman, Mr Michael Kearse, so now, we may congratulate oiirselres upon having two local poets. We notice that the Railway Company has put up a stage for the convenience of passengers at tbe crossing oppositethp Post Office, Port-Wallaroo. This stage will, to a certain extent, be an accbtno nation ;. but, as it is flot so central as' the ^onc that was removed, it wijl ppt be found,so conven ient. We perceive also that the Moonta 'busses now run down to the new 8tage,not stopping out side the township as was at one time the case. On Thursday the Land Bill was recommitted and on Friday the report of the committee was agreed to and the third reading of the Bill fixed for Tuesday.* This rather rapid legislation was strongly objected to by eeyeral bon! members, Mr Ward and Ifr Bright in particuljar, boUi of whom wanted, on Friday, very much to "iccommit the long enduring measure again. To. remark fupon what amendments they wished to introduce at this eleventh hour would be, as the House most sagely agreed, most useless trouble,- as no ono.er cepting he should study the third edition of" the Bill, which by the way we have just recpived from, the Government printer, could have any idea of what was being amended. Hon. members did not, as indeed they could not, carry < the principles and details of the Bill. in their heads. When they attacked a particular clause,, and altered, amended, re-amended, repaired, cobbled, tinkered, and patched it up, and this process was repeated with clause after clause, they necessarily lost the plight thread, of continuity that ever was' trace able in the BilL At the present time it resemb les a, by no means fortuitous, concourse of atoms, to which the, Government printer has given the outward resemblance of an Act of Parliament. And when it leaves the Lower House for the Upper its departure will be unregretted. We Re lieve we speak accurately when we say it lias not a sifigld friend, isave the Commissioner of Crown Lands, in the Lower House. Mr Ward said on Friday that he was not sure "whether he should vote for the third reading. Mr Bright was stand ing, cleaver in hand, anxious to have another chop at it. The Premier said, on Thursday, that fortu nately its coming into operation had been delay ed. Moderate men like Messrs Duffield, Hughes, aud Glyde have consistently opposed the princi ple upon which it is based throughout. Mr Strangwayu thought, on Friday, that the Govern ment " were highly to be commendcd for desiring to send the Bill up to tbe other branch of the Legislature in the abominable muddle it was in at the present time-(laughter)-and he thought they should have a fair opportunity of doing so. If any intelligent member of the other House could make head or tail of it, he would do a great deal more than that House could." Perhaps the hon. gentlemen might have agreed that the well known couplet should be inscribed on it: " Affliction sore, long time I bore Physicians were in vain." Xvc believe that the duty of the Upper House is clear on the matter if the Bill reaches the Council Chamber. So crude, so lame, and yet so impor tant a measure, should be read six months hence. Mr Ebenezer Ward's Murray River Traffic Select Committee has brought up a report which will disappoint nobody. Every one who gare the matter one moment's consideration knew that the conclusion the Committee would arrive at was a foregone one. Select Committees of the House can, if do choose throw diupio a cpaHCM^^afltejatin the eyes of the publife. pKrst the C^ro&ife;^gB balloted for, thai: nt^^^iamp of &lljul;[>p m^mttach. And then wra^sefSte reaae^m tolpafend. But onthe gefe^ongjpjE iritassse^l tmlpreignificance of the ^epSKt Klfpe^ ^wte as mparas the appointment of theOo^ imittee/^Mr^Towusend's Port Augusta Kailtfa^ Committee is sn instance in point. In that case merely interested witnesses, and two or.. three others whose opinions upon any conceivable subject axe not worth three straws, were examin ed. The Committee was precisely in the posi tion of a jury called to deeide upon an ex parte case-one too, got up with a knowledge that it _ would be heard ex pfcrte. 't In.Sthfe. cadb iof .JIB T Ward's Committee, that it was asked for in order that a recommendation should r be made for the construction of a roa(lHithrdugH' the district of .. Gumeracha, which returned Mt;;^ard, was known beforehand. Andsueli-turns out to toare beenthe'case. iJirst the Ooifimittee sheltered self behind Mr G^rderV repulMtion^ ^exeoonL^^ mended that Ticjfcor Harbor should;beimpKii^_:* 'bo that vesselsmight freight frop tli^re. there is Snot tlie shadow of a doubji,. £iaye *, beejl done years ago, and the; Murr^y. -.ttai^ybgyiij; and Murrumb^*ee > jtfade thereby secured to South .Australia, but for the selfishness of the J^gialaturo.j£hich in retarding the |>p>gW§®/ ®®l°ny and blighting its -prosperity for' the sake- -of~a few"' ..acres'of, building |illojtujeuts; ai ^ I^rt^A^^ike-f''1 Mr Ward'B Committee then proceeded to recoip mend: au valternatirp : route-tho ) through! A Gumeracha to Maunurn.-Isit not time that the colony should awake: from ite! fclumTicr 'ifnd inandthat aueiid'Be put' to the sic^emng ifplljr^of . ^ alternative routes- Eoads frotp ; one; : seaport to another-roads;parallel with railways ? ?;<SforkeV'< . ^Beninsula with'a population at least ten tatnfesks large as that contained by the district qf'Gufner acha has not had, a yard of road made op itby-.tlie "Government, not a foot of railway, and' hot a six pence expended in. the way of deepening'harborsj. ' or making wharfs ? And yet a Committed of the House recommends an alternative r^ute.; else where 5 A route for the .purpose of setting afoot competition between'l{ind Sand waterx&frriage.; A'New Zealand chief, Wi TakO' Nligata^atf/fit^ the couiie^ofVtrf examination before the Peti^aa Committee aV ^Yelling ton, delivered lnmpelfaa 'follows respecting theeffect of the-European law on-bis "own- people:-"The law 'Sb-TdefwtiVS.*' Whcti a -Maori commits an offence agaiutet a&p;^ier Maori, no notice is taken of it; aud.therefore I -say, although / the - Government tells us that we Maories are'under the same laws as the 'Eiirb^ peans, we, the Maories .receive nq beiwifit^rom die law. The Europeans keep- the body of the law, and give -usthfe ghost <of it;1 ^^ni^a*e tW^reien^ state of the law to a man looking 'into r! The European: is ip fjront see what is reflected in it; ike Maori is behind groping in the dark. - Therefore, when''®' Maon( commits an oifence he that he is no good, and that he should be to the laws of which he knows nothing. And another thing- Ir "want t» know is this-w%y eS^C .these Maori members allowed seats in the^oiise . of Representatives? . I have never heard-4hem-' say a word. I suppose'they sit there as carveil images," ? . . . . - -. ^ THE Branch Steamer with the SouHi Australian portion of the outgoing mail fc^&rekt; BritSLih, ' ift, will leave^n^W^fimll^ne^^* and consequently;letters and for transmission by it from the Peninsula mUbt - . be posted ,nofr'iSiaia' time ' yt&ej.; jjjilelaidia; s^ur' Su.wmary Sriii be published ou Saturday tiie i&th.; s j inet. ^ ^^.' r'y.'.;-rsrj Taa Town correspondent of the fBoxder WA® '; tliiis describes the Ballarat gentlemen i^endyim ' ^ AdelaideBallarat is taking;p6ssession, of pui: mining high -places.'axe -being inundated, with Ballarat eharp^' &nd; Adelaide' vigorously iiibbinig there eyes and passing mental. resolutions not to be taken ^in^. - They are queer" looking fish, these said sharps-mind I don't; U69 the term .]*? pharpkers '.' --yet, for;i)ti; inight: to -their interest to ibe as <honest <and straigbtforeS 'ward -as' th'e J days' are' lon| Tiiey'hate pnodd1 n 'trick, of trying.J.O.Jopk JUke gentlemen ease, and an unhappy ? tendejacy, tof.lail in doing so. They walk ostentatiously through the streets, with a positively oppressive air Of fashionability«; j Sometimes, they tapk, on to a, da^hiug.b^rfnal^ ^ dressed wifliin half a,n inch of her life, and walk, unconcernedly down the street with i her to show their contempt of the conventionalities, I suppose. They are about s generation in advance of South' ? Australians, and arts creating a 'flutter that should be gratifjing to their amourpropre, excessive £$.. >' it is.". ? ??, . r. ...i' . - .: *???? ?? *?/, .:« Otrn wiues, says the Argus, are waiting for Im perial sanction and approval. When these are obtained, people iii .tlve colonics ^rill immediately discover excellences in the Australian. Mintages previously undreamed of. The juice bf the pori wine grape cultivated upoh the virgin s^i aud ripened by the fervid - 'sub of South Australia*, may be even preferred toTlie^dpcoetion of ^elder berries iiianiifactured' near: Evading shipped' to. Oporto, and thence reshipped to all ports of the world as " choice old port." It may be found,_ tliat the produce of the vineyards^iear, Sandhurst.' . in n hicli the Madeira grape-is cultivated, is not very much inferior to the ' chemical -* compounds which have done duty, for li^adeira^n thQ Euro pean markets ever-since the pipgyards. of the. little island from which that-vine derives it name were devastated by disease. Tlie late :E&ri; -of" Derby's apocryphal mot will be forgotten, and it . will be the correct thing to extol our Australian .. vintages, as it is now to poohLpooh them. It is. satisfactory to know that the medical faculty in . England are paving the way for this revulsion of feeling in the colonies, by eulogizing the soundness and purity of our wines, the robustness »f their quality, and the delicacy of their flavour. . In-the'. Medical Times of the 9th July there is a critical estimate of the Yuldana of S^uth Austriiliii, and of the red and white Bukula of. New South Wales, and of the Tintara grown near Adelaide. The first is praised for its fine flavour, brilliancy of colour, and substantial body; the Beebnjl pa resembling some of the best wines grown upon tlie Rhone; and the third as possessing the flavour, the tawny hue, and nutritious qualities of genuine port wine. In fact, they are emphati cally pronounced to be good in themselves, and ^ good as varities of diet for both the sick and tjie healthy. The reflex action of opinions, like these; ? upon people in Australia may be slow; t^tit il -. sure. ' .. . . ?? ' We imTO.Ke^' jtodireeib attrition to tta.^le,^thisufoyy.byi]feJ.A of the large Btpck of.wines) spirits, imported' beers, &c.;, the property of Mr W- C. JSland who iis- dosing his fronded'eto^e consequent ^upon .the: alteration ia Uiio Hc&ise; fee. ! . . . '* ' ^THPB Hoase of Assembly .wTll'lie asted this week: boj^i^'ot^fxceeding, £2000, for: the ftppeop orjCpjDpeMyry>ho v?ill; establish a woiiabk jDnd payable sugir plantation'of:200 acres extent, att'the" Notth^rhTeirritort. "". "? Ax.old,coloQUt of SoutH Australia is publishing ajiefr&jff; 0 MpeW^esaptive of the'coiony, its re sources^ ana its usages, in an, American journaL "We-dono t-Buppose^iaAny emigrants will be at tracted to the colony thereby. THE Register states that" the whole of the men employed Kinder the labour test have been dis charged with the exception of 30 plate workers, who are engaged on some necessary work." The Southern Argus says that sinco the closing of the Bremerand other mines in the locality, the townships have worn a deserted look and ' that .* house sent is very cheap, a good four-roomed ' house being obtainable for Is per week, and a j *vo~mm^ljmeJi>x.6djperjF£ck." ml y\\-.; ?-.-: . {''"*. THB jmn^t'W/>lKJ»rjthe 'new waterworks on the ! rt^iickf .forhigher ! wages.- Tliey-Seman^ed 6s "6d per day, and it is said many of them atonce isucceeded in getting \ field wArir.' ' ? ? '' 1 ' - ? TfflB fallowing story, which is by no means a badone, appeared in a contemporary-" A Sre burneddown some .business premises in Sydney, and amongst others the shop of a man who was so well cohered by insurance that the company dis puted 1m claim. Amongstthe stock alleged to be lost were lOiOOO mourning hatbands. The counsel for the company cross-examined the sufferer by fire about these hatbands-wasn't it an extraor dinary Jarge number? Whit probability was /there of deaths'creating a demand in a. single j shop, for. 10,000 hatbands ? Scplied the witness I " I. did. not keep the hatbands for those who grieve for the death of their friends; but lor those who go into mourning for the grease of their hats." He got his insurance money. As this is certainly the-age-for bonuses we would suggest that one Should be offered for something ot'otherbn the Peninsula. "Mr Ward carried his motion for a bonus of .£,1.000 to anyone who shall scutch ft certain amount of flax rafter putting up ? tnachineiy valued at not less than £500. Why should not a bonus of £1000 be offered to the pe**pi», who, .shall produce-say a hundred good cabbages at Wallarto, or a cartload of potatoesat . Kadina, or a cask of wine at S^oonta ? The very same argii^nts' niighiE be used tliat have done duty for the tweed, the llax, and other bonuses. Here is a market for all these things, they can be produced, and yet we continue to import them, dearly this is a case where a bonus ought to be offered. The present Legislature and the Govern ment are in the -position of-being .hard up for money to pay legitimate debts, but having any Amount to muddle away on the wildest, most hair brained and useless schemes that can be conceived X)f. ; , We (Arffug) learn that the friends of Hugo Le *inger have received a letter from the Attorney General stating that it is not the intentipn of the government to institute a second trial on the charge against him, consequently the matter may THERE is, t*sVtainly, some sound reasoning in the,following resolution which the 'chairmen of various District Councils agreed to recommend should be. passed at meetings to be held through out the colony:-" That a Government tli3t can undertake the formation of anew colony in the Northern Territory, crossing this continent with A telegraph, and the construction of 200 miles of railroad through barren waste beyond the settled districts, is confidently looked to by the inhabit ants of the colony to provide the agricultural districts with good-roads (to the seaboard." Wb expected that the clause in the proposed Zand - Bill, which'prohibited members of the pre sent Parliament taking advantage of their own exceedingly liberal legislation would be struck -out. Not that we believed it would be.of much ^consequence if it remained part of the Bill. The man who supposes tliat the conditions imposed by the Bill would be insisted upon in the case of A member ojf Parliament is in a state of innocence And verdure that iB verily charming. And if the conditions as to settiement would 1i6t'be insisted upon, neither would those as to selection. There! is, at the present, time, proof positive of tliif. The preaerit-:Government lias clearly shewn tliat the conditions of the late Act may be evaded with impunity. . How much a member of Parlia ment sold his section in the NaiTacoorte area for is a matter of publio notoriety. And if the condi tions of the last' Xjand Act have been treated' as waBte paper, so will those of the present Act be. But what amuses us about the" rejection of 'the clause which proscribed members of Parliament who have attempted to pass a Bill for selling the public estate at afractional part of its value, from participating in the plunder, was the reason as signed. The clause was not considered creditable to the.Parliament. Oh dear! Injured innocence! Outraged virtue! "Immaculate purity aspersed! Hon. members, consider it more creditable to share in the loot, than to be told they must not do so. Really this is a refinement of reasoning that we cannot understand. Acting upon this principle, ought we not, as a colony, to repeal the bulk of our criminal law ? " THE opening scene at the meeting of the Bal larat East Borough tJouijcil, on Monday night," reports the Star, " was of rattier a melodramatic character. Councillor Bodier. playing the principal part:: The'minutes were read, and Couucil'or Joseph moved their adoption. Councillor Bodier seconded the motion, saying that the minutes were corr^ct,4)^t that, he wished, to make-some remarks with reference to a dispute between himself 'and another member at the la6t meeting. The mayor said that Councillor Bodiercould only speak if he questioned the -correctness of the minutes. The mayor: said .Councillor Bodier was out of order by the standing orders. Councillor Bodier then told the mayor not to rule according to his caprice - otherwise he would not obey him. In case anv mail used language to him which was disrespectful, he lpd. brought a missile with him which he in tended to use ifnecessary. Councillor Rodier then exhibited a good-sized ^glass ink bottle which he hadbroughtwitbhim.and placed it on the table The,bottle was; labelled as follows ' Councillor Bodier's ammunition for self-defence against Banc imoniops ruffianism.' Councillor Bodier then sat down. Councillor Curtis objected to Ccuncillor : - - ? ' i! .. Bodier sitting at the table with a weapon miront of him, but the mayor ruled Councillor Curtis -out of order. Councillor Bodierinformed our reporter (bat the bottle was filled with printing ink. At a later period of the meeting Councillor Bodier rhoved a notice-'That any member 'of the council calling another a liar, or using- any insulting 'words ehould be declared in contempt by the mayor, and preveuted from further speaking until he had with drawn euch expression, and apologised to the coun cillor to 'whom ^t was used,and'the whole council, to the satisfaction of the council, expressed by motion-' Councillors Fussel seconded the motion, in. order that he and other councillors might have an opportunity of expressing tneir disapproval of it. Councillor Curtis then called attention to the fact that Councillor Rodier was sitting at the coun cil table with a weapon in front of him, and said that ,the mayor should not allow this. If this sort of thing was allowed, he thought pistols would soon he introduced at the council meetings. A discus sion having reference to the dispute petween Coun cillors Bodier and James at the last meeting then took, place. Councillors Bodier said that if bis mo.tipn "was not carried there would be a va6t amount of disorder in the council] and he endorsed what Councillor Curtis had said with reference to the introduction of pistols ? and bludgeons. ECe had a heavy walking-stick down below, which he fully intended to use on the head of the first coun cillor. who insulted him. After some further dis puting a. motion was carried to the effect that the next-business should be proceeded with. In the course of an after discus8ion,0ouncillor Bodier in - formed the council that he was the * last man in the world to say anything that might be unplea sant to a brother councillor.'" A correspondent ;of the Australasian writes from Sydney:-" The more I see of the com paratively ^narrow winding streets of Sydney the more I jam impressed that, imposing as are the wide tboroughfares.of Melbourne, they are not so well adapted to a hot climate. They breed dust, and are costly to keep watered. Of course .they might be planted, and so they ought to be. The New South Wales fig is an excellent shade'tree, imperishably hardy-sinaller-leaved than that of Moreton . Bay, with which. we are more familiar about Melbourne. ,?here is a great tree of this kind in front of the Australian Club, which throws wide-spread shade even across the adjoin ing houses." ' They teU me (says a correspondent of the Argus) a curious stor.y, of a well known public man; in Sydney. Iiike Bome other public men, this gentleman is needy, but when asked for .pay ment of any debt he gives a cheque with promp titude. The cheque is presented, but the bank won't pay-refers to drawer. The ho.der duns the legislator, and when the dunning becomes annoyingly urgent the legislator puts a private mark upon the cheque, which is then paid. He has an arrangement with biB banker only to pay the cheques which bear the cabalistic mark. We arc ever hearing, more of'the mysteries of fiuatice. IT is reported that an honorable member of the Legislative Assembly of Now South Wales has performed the extraordinary feat of talking against time for nearly nine hours. He only gave in at the end of that time-not because his tongue paralysed, or his jaws dislocated but -because, he became rather weak aboj^tihe kocea from longstanding. Sats tlie'Afgus" It was only a fbw -veeks ago that we quoted frotn an JL'nerioau paper a paragraph about the " Sensitive Intelligencers' Association," which was established to forward news without the aid of wires or apparatus, by t!ie h?ere agency of "seusitive mediums." It has been brought tinder our hotice that something of the same kind is initiated in Melbourne, and if we were perfectly sure of its authenticity we could present our readers with a large body of news re specting the European war of no older date than Monday. An elderly visitor called on Monday at the Argus office and iuformed us that be had a rather startling announcement to make, which was that he was in telegraphic communication direct with England.. In a very quiet manner, mildly deprecative of scepticism; on ' account of - the apparent "incredibility of his statements, he proceeded to explain, in the first place, the means by which this was. brought about. ,.It seems .that ,Mr . Mare, the large shipbuilder of Blackwall, some time ago laid a wire, not a cable, but only a " throe-ply wire," from England to Carpentaria. Mr Mare's brother has been residing for some weeks at Carpentaria, and there has a magnetic plat© in communication with ?tlie powerful battery in his brother's yard at Blackwall. In explaining the way in which the current'is conducted to Melbourne, our visitor remarked that iti the outset of telegraphy it was thought needful to provide a second wire for the return currcnt, but it. .was. afterwards found that communication with the earth was 'all that was required,- the earth becoming a medium for this return current.: From this to the* idea, of using the earth as a means for the primary current was only a single step, which, however, it was reserved for Mr Mare and our visitor to make. The feet that communication was completed was made evident to him about six weeks ago, as he was sitting in his house. -A peculiar feeling came over him, and he presently found his fingers im pelled to write. The communication was one from Mr ilare. Experiment shows him that he can t deflect the galvanometer in Mr Mare's factory 180deg. All that is required is for some sympathetic medium here to receive and write the message.* On Monday he received a message which Went as follows ..-" The Emperor of France has taken the city of Munich, and totally defeated the Austrians. The Emperor is now marching on Autwerp, and anot* er army is in possession of Bejlin by tliis time. ;He is per fectly master of the position. A prisoner three weeks ago, now a conqueror." It further appear ed that the suceess of the French was due to a new arm invented by Mr Mare,, of Blackwall, for which he was paid £10,000,000 by the Emperor, a transaction that it was feared might compromise England's neutrality. Our informant while con fidently inviting publie attention to his system, reasonably sajs that it could scarcely be hoped tliet the public will place implicit faith in the message till they have been corroborated by the news brought by the regular mail. Agreeing with him. in this view, we refrain at present from pub lishing any more of the interesting intelligence he has received. The Argus says " The Free-trade League in the United States is . indefatigable in disseminating sound principles of political economy in the large western towns, and is vigorously adopting the tactics of its British prototype. It has engaged the services of some first-class lecturers, and is dis tributing pamphlets and addresses'" broadcast throughout the-country. The "West being almo ;t exclusively agricultural, has the strongest possible motives for striving to procure the downfall of protection ; and it is confidently expected" that after the .next census, there will be a free-trade majority in Congress. Among the moral blessings of protection in America must be included that of its having necessitated the Government to employ a number of men as spies and informers to pre vent people from purchasing smuggled nutmegs. One of the most notorious of the officially prosti tuteagents hasjust been detected-naturally enough -in cheating the Government which paid him to cheat and seduce and betray his fellow-mortals. To purchase immunity the poor creature consents to turn over his accomplices to the tender mercies of the Treasury; " and so," observes the 2Sew York World, " we have a general assembly of pimps and informers and smugglers convened to throw light on the process by which here and there a handful of speculators contrive to turn a dishonest penny in the great nutmeg trade. What revenue does the country derive from the impost on this pungent condiment which is worthy to be thought of in comparison with the miserable de moralisation and degradation of the public service made necessary by the attempt to secure that re venue ? " N THE New South Wales correspondent of the Argus writes:-'. It is probable that some fresh arrangements will have to be made, not only with respect to the San Francisco steam communication, but as to the Anglo-Austral ian line of telegraph. Negotiations are now going ou be tween several of the colonial governments as to the terms on which assistance can be given for the construction of a land line from Normanton to the Boper, and from the Koper to Port Darwin, bat they are not yet completed and the details are not made known. The Melbourne correspondent of the Advertiser, describes the excitement in that city conse quent upon the arrival of the mail news as fol lows :-" As nothing was heard up to Saturday night, everybody came to the conclusion that one or both of the steamers must certainly reach Sydney or Adelaide on Sunday, and, therefore the glances of those who were moving about Mel bourne on that day were constantly turned to the flagstaff's which usually announce the arrival of either mail. The hoisting of the Argus flag be tween three and four o'clock on Sunday after noon had an electrical effect, for hundreds of peo ple began immediately to collect, as if they could learn at once what was doing in that distant bat tle ground, where the i»>uch deluded, and now de graded Emperor ventured in ids madness to " cryhavoc, and let slip the dogs of war." The crowd increased until an " extraordinary " i was issued from the Argus office'soon after 6 o'clock. From that time the streets of Melbourne were disturbed by the unwonted shouts (on a Sunday) of the boys and men who were vending the paper and the cro»vds flocking to the various places of worship were importuned to buy copies, which many did. This almost unprecedent spectacle was referred to by the Dean of Melbourne from one of our city pulpita^s a. "-scandal and disgrace," but the Argus contends that it is.iu 110 way re sponsible tor the news arriving 01 Sunday, and that the teenes in Ooilins-street would have been , probably more fittingly described as disgraceful if they had relused to satisfy the public eagerness for the information in their possession until Mon day morning. " An extraordinary document, intended for a will, was produced," pays the" Geelong Express, " during the hearing of a case at the Geelong Cir cuit Court on Thursday.. It was written on half a sheet of note-paper, and the letters in capitals had been copied by the testator from a news paper. The spelling was in keeping with the rest of the deed, of which the following is a copy :-?' I. give, un-to. Darfeg. Grossman, nil. my. land. an. money, after, my- death, so. long. as. she. lev. not. to. marge- nor. sell, after, hir. death, all. lands, and. money, to. be. devided. be. between.. the. thee, youngest children, equel. a. mike. to. do. what. they. like. with. it. and the. sad. role. to. alter, or. a. mand. at. any. price. XXX." "The following extract from the Irish Harp will be read with some amusement.-" There is no cause tor misapprehension on the Holy Father's account. His temporary banishment will be rather a misfortune for Rome rather than for himself. As the illustrious Bishop of Orleans ex presses it, Some without the Pope is a desert; and history can tell, how well this was exemplifi ed during the 70 years that the Popes resided at Avignon. A temporary absence will oniy serve to quicken the enthusiasm of his subjects in his behalf, and enable them to enter more thoroughly into the joy which will be experienced throughout the whole Christian world when the news arrives of his triumphant restoration." THE Gumeraclia Guardian describes the policy of the Premier as follows:-"Andwhft do our j readers suppose it has proved to he? Why j simply that having doubled the deficiency left by ! his predecessor he will-if he is allowed-borrow money enough to pay it. How pungently this smacks of salvation ! Is it not fraught with wis dom-a rare piece of State craft-just, liberal prudent? It is humiliating to find that even a section of tiie Parliament has tolerated such a proposal. The principle it involves is utterly in defensible. It is simply giving a second mortgage on our real estate to pay current expenses, to our own certain grevious harm, and to the unwarrant able injury of our present creditors. Mr Hart has attempted to urge in extenuation that a pro portion of the general revenue has been expended of lute upon public works, and that therefore we may justly borrow for the pu-poses of ordinary | expenditure. But he omits to state, although he j cannot have forgotten, that most of our recent works for which money was borrowed were authorised expressly on the condition that one third of their cost should be defrayed from the general revenue. The Strathalbyn and Port Wakefield tramways for instance. By the Act authorising tln'ir construction, the Treasurer of the day was only empowered to borrow two-thirds of their cost. It was in fact put thus to our creditors. We wish to construct a certain work and require your help. As a guarantee to you against advancing more than the result will be worth, and to evince our faith in the undertaking, we will provide a third of the cost and ask you to lend only two thirds. Our offer is taken. The money is lent, and the works proceed. Is it not now breaking faith with those who lent us what we asked, to borrow-as the Treasurer pats it that other third of the cost, which we contracted to provide from our own revenues ?" When making his financial statement on Thurs day the Treasurer very properly alluded to the ignorant folly the House had allowed itself to be seduced into, on the motion of Mr Quin, who recently attempted to interfere between the Gov ernment and its employes on the Railway. The Treasurer said " I believe it would be infinitely the better course to leave the question of the pay ment of the jjublic servants to the Government, and put them out if it was believed they were not acting properly. I will call to mind one particu lar instance. Hon. members know the difficulty there will be in raising the tariff on the railways to what it is in other colonies-what a difficulty there will be in increasing the rates of carriage, although they are reduced to the lowest point how ready members, urged on by their, constitu ents, will be to stand forward to prevent increases whilst, on the other hand, action is taken affecting the men employed on the railway, directing that their wages shall not be regulated according to the wages market generally, but on a scale that the House thiuks proper to fix. Under such cir cumstances as that it is perfectly impossible for railways to pay. Talk of Government railways paying! How can they pay when on the one hand members reduce the tariff ot charges to the lowest possible point, and on the other the Gov ernment have to pay beyond the market rate of wages to labourers upon them ?" And, every one knows by what means such a motion was carried. The present Parliament, in addition to its other good qualities, is one in which the nefarious sys tem of log-rolling is particularly ripe. Mr Quin lends his vote to certain members on certain par ticular occasions, and they scratch his back in return. We are compelled to admit that the hon. member is taking a more important stand in the House than we anticipated for him. He led off with a motion for gravelling the footpath from his house to the Kail way Station, and the Premier rewarded his obedient 6ub. by giving him a squad of the unemployed; for a whole week, amongst whom Mr Quiu strutted elate as any " midden cock on pattens." But now he ca6t off his allegiance to the Premier and goes, in for the same stake as other hon. members are playing for. Mr Quiu is evidently moulting into a South Australian legislator of the regulation pattern. READEBS of the Gawler Times and of the Buuyip must be strongly reminded of the contest between the two Eatanswille journals, rendered immortal by the pen of Charles Dickens. The occasion of the strife was an article that appeared in the Gawler Times, in which the writer, whose hand we at once detected, rode the high moral horse, and lectured the Institute Committee on providing an amount, since found to be entirely fabulous, of novels for the delectation of the sub scribers. The young gentleman who drew upon his imagination for a text, and then proceeded to evolve from the same exact source a chain of as accurate arguments, concluding as do comic songs and oflier modes of entertainment for the people with a moral, is understood to have abandoned commerce for diviuity, and whilst in the transi tion. stage, has been sub- eaiting the Times. The committee of the Institute, with their President certuiuiy is an enthusiastic novel reader, con demned the sucking parson, who seems to hare acquired the soubriquet of" kill him and eat him," at their annual meeting, and then, the opposition pifper the Buuyip-took for its parable the sius and short comings of the Times. A long rigma role, probably a joint effort, appeared in the Times, wherein were numerous touching appeals having reference to a previous good character, general innocence, and purity of intention; but still the wordy war progressed. Last week the Guwler Potts wrote that the Institute Committee *' had committed the great mistake of promulgat ing their dogma of infallibility, a ad their abuse of us, through an organ of such a character, and so devoid of any weight in the coinmuuity, that any thing coming from it, even though from the pen of a Nott or a Peryinan, loses more than half its force. As far as we are concerned, it is the best way for tts which they could have chosen to vent their ill-feeling, as it cannot do us the least harm, while the very limited circulation and reputation enjoyed, by the organ in question render almost nugatory any strictures appearing in that quarter." This, it must be admitted is not so bad. To beat it would puzzle the real Potts. The Bunyip re torts that the limes "in a studiously bitter and vindictive article has substituted for a defence of its foolish and ill-timed attack on the Institute a virulent tissue or abuse of the Bunyip ; and avoid ing all manly dealing with the statements of our last leader, its editor tries to muke himself and his readers believe that they are nugatory, in a style of low and personal vulgarity that at once reminds us most, humorously of Dickens's little low-lived talentless, and vulgar Eatanswiil Gazette." It proceeds to allude to the Editor's attempt to " r iisa his lost reputation out of the mire -an exceedingly injudicious attempt at recovery-and concluded by " merely statin" that as a defence or vindication of misconduct, the Times' leader of yesterday is as miserable and bungling a shuffle as can be well imagined." 