THE PAPAL STATES. the (ecumenical council. The Oecumenical Council was formally opened on Dec. 8. By daybreak, notwith standing the weather being rainy, the inner Atrium and Grand N ave of the Vatican Basilica. the route of the procession, were thronged by an immenso concourse of spectators. At 9 o'clock, amid the ringing of the bolls at nil tlje ecclesiastical edifices in Homo and salvoes of artillery from the castlo of San Angclo and Mount Aventine. the procession formed in the Upper Atrium of the Vatican, descended the Scala Buegia, and passed through the Lower Atrium into the cathedral. Begular and secu lar clergy were ranged on either side, and the procession consisted of six archbishop-privces, 49 cardinals, 11 patriarchs. 680 archbishops and bishops, 28 abbots, and 29 generals of re ligions orders. In all about 800 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the cathedral in the gestatorial chair. His holi ness first knelt some time before the sacra ment, and the assembly then took their places in the Council-hall in seveu rows. After mass had been chauntcd by Cardinal Patrizi, the Archbishop of Iconium pronounced the in augural diseourse. The Pope, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave his benediction, the ceremony being carried out in exact accordance with the State programme. After giving the benediction tho Pope re ceived the homage of tho members of the council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council,, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being sung by the choristers. Tho prelates approved . the decree opening the council, and the Te Deum followed, the cere mony terminating at half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon. In the sitting of tho council on Dec. 9, the Hope read to the members a short homily, in which he said that it had given him great pleasure to'inaugurate the council on the ap pointed-day, and to see the bishops assembled at Borne in greater numbers than ever. . They Jtad'come to teach all .men the voice of God, "and to judge with' the Pope," under tho aus pices of: the Holy Spirit, on the errors of human science. Never was it more necessary than in the pie- sent day, since conspiracy and impiety were widespread an<j strongly organised, and hide themselves under tho mask of aspirations for liberty. There was no cause for alarm. The Church was strongor than heaven itself, and now was the time to . consider what reme dies were efficacious against tho present evils. The bishops should strive with him to secure peacefulness iu the monasteries, order in the Church, and discipline among tho clergy. In conclusion, ho invoked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and tho holy angels. The fathers of the Council licld their first general congregation in St. Peter's the same day. The death is announced of Cardinal Pentiui. The Pope received COO French subjects at tho Vatican on Dec. 19. After speaking with several individually, he delivered an allocution in French, in which he dwelt upon the signifi cance of£the approaching Christmas festival, and said, 1 God, in teaching humility, declared pride to be the enemy of man and the author of revolution.' His holiness then blessed the assembly amid loud applause. The third general congregation of the Council was held on Dec. 20. The election of 14, out of tlio 24, ecclesiastics who are to com pose tho committee on matters of faith is noti fied. Tho principal members are the Arch bishops of Cambray, Utrecht, Posen, Malines, Baltimore, and Westminster ; the Bishops of l'oiticrs, Jaen, Sion, and Paderborn ; the Pri mate of Hungary, and tho Armenian Patriarch. The assembly has elected 2 1 members as a committee on questions connected with discip line. The Apostolic Bull, ' Sedis,' dated tho 12th of October, which, out of consideration for the spirit of the age, reduces the number of cases reserved for ecclesiastical censure, has been promulgated. The Pope, in reply to r n address of General Kanzler, on Dec. 27, expressed his confidenco that the (Ecumenical Council w,«uld dissipate darkness, and give tho world peace and pros perity. Ho refuted the arguments of those who maintain that the Pope should have no army because Christ had none. 