1 THE MERCURY. I'ßlDAl' MOSXIA'G, MARCH l8, 18/0. THE ship Eliza Adams, now in our harbour, does not, judging from what transpired yesterday mid the day preceding in ourPolico Court, appeartobo the abode of ahappy family. The ship, which is an American one, and a frequent visitor in our waters is, as wo loam from the proceedings before the STIPENDIARY MAGISTRATE, manned by men of various nationalities, but this diversity of origin does not seem to havo had anything to do with the affray that led to tho intervention of tho Hobart Town Polico Court, on two fol- lowing days ; nor, notwithstanding the attempt that on the first day was made on tho part of tho defence, to provo the Captain a harsh, passionate, and vindictive man, do wo think wo would bo justified in assuming that any cruel or overbearing conduct on his part, led to tho assault on Saturday, that necessitated a seaman being placed in-irons, to bo brought before tho STIPENDIARY MAGISTRATE and sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment with hard labour. From what wo can learn of CAPTAIN HAMHIIIN ho stands high, and deser- vedly, in his profession, and is held in good reputo by tho public in general. His long con- nection with tho port has given the peoplo of Hobart Town abundant means of forming a correct opinion of that gentleman, and of his qualifications for tho responsible position he holds ; and it is but a simple net of justice to a froquentor of our port to say that, as an officer and a gentleman, ho has conducted him- self without reproach ; and when the report of the proceedings of the Police Court wore read, the sontonce of tho Bench, committing SULLIVAN to prison for a limited period, commended itself to public approval. The disturbance on board the ship was ovidently not tho result of any previous bad fooling. It was not sympathised with by the rost of tho crow, and it was not tho natural con- sequence of harsh and tyrannical conduct on tho part of tho Captain, It took its rise in what leads to half tho crime and misory in the world. A seaman, maintaining a good character at gea and when sober, gets intoxicated on shore, and thon becomes blasphemous, boastful, and pug- nacious ; and resonts interference by lifting his hand against his Captain. The natural consequence followed, and the sontenco does not orr on the side of severity. In this caso CAPTAIN HAMBLIN was indebted to tho former good character ho earned ; and the good it stood him ought to be a lesson to thoso in command of ship3 who look on tho seamen under them as an inferior order of creation, whom thoy may swear at, kick and cuff, and throw into irons at pleasure. But for the weight to bo attached to tho evidenco oftho Captain of tho Eliza Adams, thoro were several little matters that carno out in ovidenco, which takon togethor might havo lod to tho conclusion that tho sea- man was not so much to blaino. Much might havo boon made of tho singular circumstance that the man's thumb was split by its coming in contact, through his own violence, with the Captain's teeth j ami not as alleged for tho defence, by the Captain biting the thumb. Other little discropancios among the witnesses for the prosecution might have been dwelt upon, together with tho extreme danger of allowing any one the power, at his own will and ploasuro, to throw a fellow croaturo into irons, and, thus manacled, to keep him coopod up in some part of the ship, till it suited the convenience of his accuser to bring him before tho constituted authorities. With such ovidonco, such a line of defence in a caso where a Captain of bad roputo was concerned, would not have boon without its effect oithor on a judgo or a jury ; and we aro not sorry that in the prosont caso tho Bondi took the troublo to satisfy themselves that tho wound to the soaman's thumb was of a dato pi ¡or to the assault for which ho was punished ; and that thoy gave the prosecutor tho full benefit of the high character ho has secured for himself. Few will doubt, that notwithstand- ing the dofonco tho seaman, having got drunk, became insulting and violont ; and that CAPTAIN HAMULIX was reduced to tho nocossity of adopting comparatively extremo measures, or allowing his ship's crow to drift into insubordina- tion. So far, the conduct of the prosecutor, CAPTAIN HAMIJMN, and tho action of tho Bench, have left no room for animadversion. Tho proceedings in yesterday's Polico Court assumo, however, a moro objectionable form. CAPTAIN HAMBI.I.V sought, and successfully, to make tho adminis- tration of justice in Hobart Town, a thing to suit his convonionce ; and he found in the STIPENDIARY MAGISTRATE undor a practico which has, we believo, the sanction of legality, and cortainly the force of consuetude, a most accommodating ally. A young lad, of respectable appearance, who waa exojninecl pn Tuesday as a. witneu for the defei)««¿v WM> brought up yesterday as absent from his ship without leave. Such an act, though not what we look on as a crime, ia a breach of that good order that must be maintained on' board ship, and the defendant having pleaded guilty, the STIPENDIARY MAGISTRATE, before whom the plea was recorded, was'bound to in- flict such punishment as under the circumstances, and the discretionary powers conferred on him, would meet tho case of a youth having over-stayed his leave of absence. To degrade such a youth by the stigma of a prison, and to contaminate him by the associates to bo thero met with, must havo been an unpleasant task to tho Bench, and wo give the STIPENDIARY MAGISTRATE credit for recoiling from it, as he evidently did when he asked CAPTAIN HAMBLIN to take the youth back to the ship. We regrot that the STIPEKDIARY MAGISTRATE allowed his sense of right to .be over-ruled. It did not suit the Captain to tike the absentee on board at present. Probably he was afraid he might again abscond, though there was no allegation that the lad desired to avoid going to sea; ; and the Captain accordingly with wonderful condescension, and a praise- worthy consideration for the interests of the owners of the ship, not forgetting his own con- venience, thought it advisable to hand the safe keeping of him over to the authorities that he might find him when he wanted him ; and, as if to meet his views, the STIPENDIARY MAGIS- TRATE sent the young lad to prison for fourteen days, it being well known that before that dato the Eliza Adams will put to sea, taking, of course, the prison inmate with her, though his sentence be not expired. The administration of justice ought to bo swayed by no consider- ation but that of right. Any law or practice permitting the imprisonment of seamen till Captains think fit to claim them, is a violation of every principle of justice. It places a tyran- nical power in the hands of Captains ; and holds out inducements to them to " trump up" charges against good sailors liable to forgot themselves on shore, so that they may be locked up, waiting tho Captains shipping them when going to seo. Such a right on the part of ship Captains, magis- trates should discourage. Tho sentence of tho boy KEARNEY should havo been regulatod by tho circumstances of his offence, irrespective of the wishes or convenience of any one ; and a sentence having been passed on him, he should be made abide its full period, nothing but an exerciso of Royal mercy being allowed to abbreviate it. To act otherwise, whether at the magistrate's own pleasure,or under legal sanction, is to bring our criminal laws into contempt, con- verting our magistrates into "Crimps," and our police courts and gaols into a rendezvous whore seamen may bo picked up at leisure. If this privilege is allowed to Captains of ship3, why not to tho wives of drunken husbands, and to otho» who seek the protection of the Court or its assistance in reclaiming offenders Î What an engine might our Police Court thus be mado for rodressing family squabbles ; placing under durance an obnoxious husband, wife, parent, child, or other relativo ; giving the offended one the powerof liberating the offender, so soon as the Litter makes matters up, or it may suit the convenience or humour of tho prosecu- tor to bid the prison doors bo opened. THE movement which has originated within the two great Universities of England, for the aboli- tion of religious tests, is one honourable to the high prostigo which these venerable and re- nowned scats of learning havo established for themselves. With all their faults of sectarian exclusivencss, the Colleges of these Universi- ties have held their place amongst the national institutions which Englishmen arc in their heart proud of. They had their origin in historic times ; thoy stand monumentally associated with the names of groat and illustrious mon fand, iifmany instances, with great epochs in history. In these respects, no institutions modcrnly founded and endowed can competo with them-any more than a now creation in the peerage can vio in point of prestigo with the venorable Houses of the land. Colleges have been founded by legal enactment to meet the caso of those excluded by their theological tenets from tho old halls of Oxford and Cambridge ; but the students who have frequented them havo had the feeling more of young men who have simply gone to a good school, and received the advantages of a good education, than of men enrolled amongst the learned class. It has been said, and we believe is a fact, that tho matriculation and dogroo ex- aminations at London are more arduous and exacting than thoso at the older Universities. Yet we cannot altogether avoid a suspicion that the Bachelor of Arts of London, with whatever credit he has passed, and whatever substantial fruits ho carries off with him as his prizes, has a feeling altogether different from tho one ho would experience if ho came a newly-fledged graduate and-aT>rizoman7"fKaS~out of one of the ancient arch-gates of the two great schools. Gower-street, and an upper room in Somerset House, have nothing about them analagous to the cloistered hall, the academic walks, and the old historical associations, that have their place on the banks of the Isis and the Cam. Whether a man be a churchman or a dissenter, Oxford and Cambridge are to him what no other University can ever be. The one may view them with the complacent feeling of one admitted within the pale ; tho other with the envious and bitter feelings of one who is shut out. But if the secrets of young hearts were all told ; no new institution, however liberal its endowments, howover exacting its curriculum and honourable the prizo of a successful passage through it, would bo found to bo at all tho same thing of pride as an association with either of the two old schools. That Oxford and Cambridge should have been hitherto exclusive, religiously, was a natural consequence of the circumstances under which the Colleges woro founded : mostly by dying bequests from men who- thought by theso and other similar endowments to make easier their peaco-and othenviso by mon who sought, from conscientious impulso, to protect religion. In the days when most of the Colleges were founded there was less of the diversity of religious thought than exists in modern times. Religion in the beginning, meant one creed, as there was ono church. AVith tho " roform" in church doctrino, carno tho alteration of tho creed taught in tho Colleges. But until now tho Universities woro maintained, as by their founders they were intended to bo-as schools teaching-so far as they taught roligion at all-tho religion which was tho recognised ono of the Nation rather than of tho State. Tho spread of Dissont is n great fact. Dissout fondod less on essential variations in doctrinal boliuf, than on diversities of opinion as to-first, tho forms of Church Govornmont; and secondly, the nature of tho relations to bo maintained bo- twoon the religious bodies and the civil power, j The most powerful sect of Protestant dissentors in England, differ in no point of doctrine from tho recognised platform of teaching of the evan- gelical section of the Church of England. Wo may select from amongst tho most eminent namos in either ecclesiastical society. AVATTS and BIDDULPH; HARRIS and NOEL; VAUGHAN and BLOOMFIELD ; whore woro the points of diffor onco_ between their creeds 1 The Nonconformists who hold substantially the same doctrinal plat- form with the theologians who now constitute tho great bulk of tho clergy of the establishment, are, according to the authority of the great leaders of tho Church who spoke on this occa- sion, more than a half of the whole population of. England, If this uWeiuont .if ^Rflfl^wl in ¡,comieetiqn>with'the fact that dissent is a positive m of thè~mind and conscience ; that, making all ,allowances for the circumstance that, as in , Church, so in Nonconformist circles, children i naturally adhere to' the creed and denomination of their guardians-the full measure of Noncon- formity must bo sustained by the voluntary exercise of thought in a society so specially con- stituted that Nonconformity is, in some respects, a disability-the pressing urgency of the reform of the basis of the University constitutions will be allowed. The Bill introduced in tho House of Lords for opening the Colleges to students not prepared to take the usual oath of conformity, proposed to confer on each Collego of the University the option of bringing itself under its provisions or not. Tho prominentandrecogniscd leaders of the two Universities object to the measure on this account. They think the peace and the general usefulness of the Universities would be endan- gered by any room left for optional action. If the power were held of adopting a Collego con- stitution at variance with that hitherto in force, or of rejecting it-an element of party strife would be introduced. Professor JOWETT was emphatic in his condemnation of any measure which would expose the Universities to this peril So long as a question of this magnitude was left optional, there would bo the elements of chronic disaffection. The principle involved this eminent scholar maintained-was one national in its character, and ought not to be loft open to settlement by the caprice of indi- vidual Colleges. In order to avoid an evil of this magnitude, SIR JOHN COLERIDGE'S bill was pro- tested against with great earnestness, and the par- ties to the protest were alike members of the clerical profession, to whom it has been assumed that ' ' tests" are specially dear, and of the other liberal professions, which are understood to be less under tho domination of formulary and precedent. SIR BEXJAMIN BRODIE denounced the policy or reasonableness of tests os a condition for admis- sion to studentship, on the intelligiblo ground that the age at which a youth begins his College career, is not the ouo at which to challenge him to pronounce categorically upon his religious faith and his ecclesiastical choice. What is the use and purpose of education-not of the educa- tion of tho mere dame- school, or even of the grammar-school-but of that which sends a man into the world, and its broad fields of action and strife-but to train the thought, to lay the basis of conviction, to bring the mind into intelligent accord with certain fixed principles and axioms of faith Î The theory of education is surely, that the vacant mind has to be stocked ; the mind filled with weeds to be reclaimed and planted with now seeds. How is this theory realised, if the higher education b withheld from all who do not make at the outset of the process a declara- tion of strict orthodoxy ? No doubt tho quali- fication to this argument is a feasible ono. Tho religious and the puroly intellectual in education cannot be dissociated. But there is all the difference in the world to be marked between a religious equality, and a non-religious uni- formity. With tho exclusion from tho Uni- versity regulations of religious tests for admission to tho educational advantages the Univorsity confers, it would bb by no moans difficult to allow Colleges enjoying a co-ordinate Uni- vorsity life, to possess their own separate arrangements for the religious teaching of their resident students, All this, it is not improbable from the present aspect of tho question, will bo admitted and practically acted on by those who havo the practical conduct of tho controversy in hand. But beyond the admission to University matriculation and the ordinary distinctions of scholarship, there are prizes to bo held in the shape of Fellowships-the Follows being en- dowed tutors of their Colleges. It is beyond doubt an historical fact that these Fellowships are trust foundations j that thoy wore instituted by pious mon for the purposo of perpetuating instruction in certain doctrinal systems. These Fellowships are, however, attached not to the University, but to individual Colleges within it, and the continuance of their functions in con- nection with these Colleges would be entirely compatible with such an abolition of University tests as the great Heads and Professors aro ad- vocating. The same regulations which permit- ted the religiously endowed Colleges to maintain their distinctive character in accordance with the will of their founders, would permit tho endow- ment of other Colleges on a religious basis, without any interference with the generally free and open character of the University constitu- tion. Such are the present phases of a move mentwhichall itssurrounding3 make remarkable, and none more so than the character and status of the men who are in the van of it. Is it a matter of practical interest to us Î Yes ; on many grounds. ' THE ENGLISH MAIL.-It will be seen from .our Launceston telegram that tho coach with tho English mail did not loavo for Hobart Town lost evening till half an hour nfter the proper timo. As the Derwent arrived at Launceston early in the day any delay, though short, seems inexcusable. SUPPLYING GOVERNMENT STORES.-Tenders were received at the Government office of stores on Wednesday last for supplying flour and bread at Hobart Town and the Queen's Asylum, New Town, and flour at the Hospital for the Insane, New Norfolk, for the year commencing 1st April 1870. The tender of Mr. James Washington Arnold, Argyle-strcet, for the supply of bread at the Queen's Asylum was accepted, the terms being per lOOlbs., fine bread, 9s. 41d. ; 8s. 6d. for 20 per cent, bread ; and 7s. 4d for 12 per cent, bread. The tender of Mr. W. P. Green, for the snpply of flour, was also accepted, tho torms being at New Town Asylum, per lOOlbs., 11s. Gd. for fine flour ; and 10s. Gd. for 12 per cent, flour. Mr. Green's tender for the supply of fine flonr at tho Hospital, Now Norfolk, was also accepted, the price dolivered at the Hospital, being 11s. lOid. per lOOlbs. Tho tender of Mr. Samuel J. Sutton, of Launceston, for supplying the stores required there was also accepted, the rates being for fine bread, 7s. lid. por 100 lbs. ; and Cs. lid. per lOOlbs. for bread made of 12 por cent, flour. The flour required at Launces- ton he contracted to supply at 10s. Id. per 1001b. for fine, and 7s. lid. for 12 por cent, quality. ENGINEER CARTAGE.-Tondors wovo opened yesterday at tho Commissariat for tho perfor- mance of such engineering cartage as may bo reqnirod for tho year commencing on tho 1st proximo. That of Mr. William Mead of Melvillo-strcet, Hobart Town, was accoptcd for tho engineering cartapo from ono public building to another in Hobart Town, including tho Domain Quarry and Magazine For day work with dray hoi so and driver, tho tondcr of Messrs. Reid and Maher was accepted, a day's work being ten hours in summer and eight in winter. POLICE Counr.-The Stipendiary Magistrate, Mr. A. B, Jones, presided in this Court yester- day, and sentenced a man, named Thomas Entwistle, to pay a fino of £2 Gd., or in default, to bo imprisoned for three months, for making use of obsceno language in a public street, on the lGth hist. A vagrant, mimed John Wilson, who had been found Bleeping in tho opon air, on tho lGth inst, was sentenced to throo months' imprisonment, A respectable looking youth, named Thomas Kearney, was charged by Captain Hamblin, of tho American whaler, Eliza Adams, with absenting himself from that vessol without leave. The defondant pleaded guilty, and as the captoin refused to take him on board until lie should bo leaving port, the Court ordered him to bo imprisoned for fourteen days. Tho Court then rose. NEW TOWN IUOES.-A number of gontlomen interested in racing mattors hold a mooting yesterday evening at tho Derwent Hotel, Murray - street, for the purposo of making arrangements for holding the Annual Knees at Now Town. Mr. J. Murphy presided, and it was resolved that tho races should tako placo on the 7th and 8th proximo. The list of races was then agreed to, and will bo found in our adver- tising columns, Tho gonoral feeling of the meeting -was that tho racos will provo most successful. The noxt meeting will bo held at tho saino place on Wednesday evening the 23rd CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE MUSEUM.-Captain Forsayth of the barque Waverley, now detained in port, on her way from Java to Auckland, in consequence of fever and ague having broken out amongst her crew, lias presented to the Royal Society, through Mr. Graves, some re- markable specimens of Natural History in the reptile department. One of these is a snake which was killed by the cabin boy in a canal in Java. AVo believe our local naturalists are not prepared at this moment to assign a position to it in the naturalist's catalogue. Another in- teresting specimen known as the "Yecko," so called from its habit of uttering that sound when in any way disturbed, has been added to our Museum by the same gentleman. It is a lizard, about two feet in length, of very beautiful appearance, much resembling our own native Iguano, but somewhat moro attenuated. Its colour is greenish, mottled with a reddish brown, and Mr. Morton Allport describes it as identical with the " Gecko" of India ; the similarity of name to that by which it is known in Java ! "Yecko"-being probably owing to the sound which the animal itself utters. In India we understand they aro carefully preserved and encouraged about the búngalos- being active destroyers of flies and other noxious insects. The suckers, or semi-woblike attachment to the feet, enable the animal to chase its prey up walls and oven along ceilings,-being thus wonder-" fully adapted to tho uses assigned it by Nature. Whilst acknowledging this contribution to the colony by a stranger, wo must not forgot to mention the recent gift by Captain Dart, of the whaling barque Sapphire, of a woodhen from Howe's Island in a good state of preservation as well as a pilot fish and a spider crab, and three or four specimens of shark's jaws, two of the latter of a size to fall easily over tho head and shoulders of a man of ordinary stature, and suggestively indicative of the terrible ferocity of this class of monsters of the deep. Thanks aro at all times due to Captains of ships and other seafaring travellers who have an opportunity of forwarding to scientific institutions in any part of the world specimens of rare and curious forms of animated nature that como under their notice, and to the gentlemen above mentioned- we take this opportunity of tendering acknowledgments in the name of the colony. THE VALUE OP A CITY BYE-LAW.-Some time ago, consequent on tho danger to podestrians, the passago of vehicles, &c;, on Satur- days, along Livorpoo 1-street, except at a walking pace, was prohibited, and for a few weeks, thoso out for business or pleasure could walk along the street without danger and without fear. But already the bye-law has be- come a dead-letter. Butchers' boys scamper along at a canter ; cabmen put their horses^ to full speed; and evoiy ono riding or driving proceeds as suits his convenience, and, strange to say, if policemen do visit Elizabeth-street when crowded they aro no terror to offenders, because they never interfore with thom. .This speedy breach of a bye-law is a contempt of the authority of the City Council. Doo SNATCHING.-AVhen somo time ago we took tho liberty to recommend to tho city author- ities measures to rid the streets of somo-of tho surplus canine nuisances, wo had no idea that a system of dog-stealing would bo legalised, or that tho police agent to bo appointed would attempt to supplement his pay by extorting hush money from the owners of dogs ; but if what is reported to us bo true, n regular system of the kind has been adopted by a man, who, under pretence of clearing tho streets, is in the habit of snatching up valuablo dogs which happen to bo about, although within hail of their owners. Yesterday a little Skye terrier was taken posses- sion of when outside the door of Mr. AVobb, in Murray-street, and although told it was Mr. AVebb's, the dog- snatchor walked off with the animal, and refused to part with it. Under what pretenco such tricks aro tolerated we cannot say, and the sooner the man is deprived of the show of authority, if ho has any, for stealing dogs the better. CRICKET.-Tho unfinished match between the Derwent and AVellington Clubs will be resumed on Saturday (to-morrow), on theS.T.C.A. ground by agreement. AVickets to bo pitched at ono o'clock sharp.-The return match between the Muddy Plains and South Arm Clubs will take place next Saturday 19th inst., on the ground of J. AVutson, Esq., " York Grove," luncheon to be provided by Mr. Green, of tho Horse and Jockey Inn, Rokeby. AVickets to bo pitched at lO'OO a.ni. Tho following aro the players : -Muddy Plains.-Messrs. G. Pedder, R. Alomes, Bowden, Herbert, Chisholm, Freeman, J. AVatson, senr., AVuBowdcn, Sparks, J. AVat ' sou,"Jim.,-and Gr Mayhew." Umpire, MrrMor risby. Scorekeepor, Mr. A. McDonnell. South Arm.-Messrs. F. Alomes, H. Alomes, T. Cal- vert, D. Calvert, J. Alomes, W. Winapear, 0. Calvert, AV. Lazenby, J. Calvert, G. Alomes, and E. Lowthor. Umpire, Rev. Mr. Gellibrand. Scorokeeper, Mr. AV. Gellibrand. -LA FEUILLADE'S ENTERTAINMENT.-La Feuil lade's Royal Opera Comiquo, and AVoston's Minstrels will have a grand opening on Monday oveninguoxt, at the Theatre Royal. It is intimated that tho season will bo limited to six nights, owing to special engagements in Melbourne. From contonnxirary notices of the company, and the furore of expectation which marked the debut of the company in Launceston, a groat treat may be anticipated by those who love good music and havo no ob- jection to a programmo of fun. There is to bo a change of performance each evening ; but a glance at Monday's programme will show that it is sufficiently popular and attractive, so arranged as to display the distinctive talents of the mom burs of the company. The entertainment will compriso songs, choruses, and ballads, in which Master Jamos Allan (juvenilo tenor) has a dis- tinguished part. In part 2, an inimitable Golden Shoe dance, comedy D'JSthiop, a dwarf "dance, and several itoms in which La Feuillade's musical celebrity will be tested by a Hobart Town audience, the wholo to conclude with an extravagant extravaganza, entitlod " Ghost in a Pawn Shop," which in itself would appear ampio to draw a house. Any critical notice must, of course, be deforred, but wo shall bo greatly dis- appointed if Monday evening's performance do not provo a remarkable success. TEMPERANCE ALLIANCE.-There was a crowded meeting last evening at the Alliance Rooms, on the occasion of a lecture on tomporance by the Rev. 0. Prico, of Launceston, who referred to his connection with the temperance movement for thirty-eight years, and the varioas phases tho cause had presontod during that timo. Tho rev. gentleman s illustrations of the evils of drunken- ness nnd the advantages of temperance were exceedingly effective, and in many cases vory droll. His address which occupied an hour was frequently interrupted by laughter and applause. The chah' was filled by Mr. Peacook, and there wero on the platform, besides, tho Rev. Mr. Mathieson, Rev. R. McLean, Captain Fisher, Messrs. Lodge, Andrews, Evans, Haywood, An- drews, jim., Mitchell, and a number of ladies. An oxcollent selection of vocal and instrumental music was also given during tho evening. AVESLEYAN CHRISTIAN ASSOOIATION.-" Somo characteristic novelties in the docrino of the Church of Romo" is the subject of a locturo to bo dolivorod this evoning by the Rev. J. Storio, al the Wosloyan school-room, 'Melville- street, in connection with tho above named association. Admission free. ENTERTAINMENT AT RICHMOND.-Miss Kate AVnrdo will give a dramatic and musical enter- tainment at tho Council Chambers, Richmond, this evening, consisting of popular ballads and readings with soloctions from tho drama of East Lynne. THE LITHOTOMY CASE.-On enquiry at tho General Hospital last evening, wo ascertained that tho boy James Wurde, on whom Dr. Brooko porformod tho operation of lithotomy on Wed- nesday, was prooooding favourably, BURGLARY.-Between the hours of eight and ten o'clock last night a shoemaker's shop in Murray-stroet was broken into, and three pairs of ladies' boots stolen. FIRE AT HOSPITAL BAY.-A disastrous con- flagration occurred at Hospital Bay, on tho River Huon, on Sunday ovoning hist, which resulted in the total destruction of Mr. Richard Hill's flour mills. Mr. Hill was away from home at tho time, but wo boliovo the Uro originated in the hop kiln attached to tho flour mill. Besides the loss of the premises Mr. Hill has had dostroyod a largo amount of hops that had boon picked and placed in tho kiln. We uro informed that the property is uninsured. THE GOVERNOR'S Tim-.-A correspondent of the /launceston ¿grammer, writing from Circular Head, says :-"The Governor and party are expected to arrive ovorland at Stanley on Satur- day evening, the 12th instant, at about six o'clock when an address of welcome from the inhabitants will bo presented on his Excolloncy entering Stanloy. Tho Governor will bo mot mid escorted into Stanloy by n number of gontlomon, who ride out to tho Black River beach for that pur- pose Quarters have been engaged at Mr. W. Borradalc'B, tho Commercial Hotol. IT is OBtimntod that America, when her pro i ductivo power is fully developod, can food four timos as many persons as there «ve now on the I fiwo of the ei^'vli, 