FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE WESLEYAN NEW CHURCH. TEA-MEETING. ON Wednesday evening a tea-meeting was held in the school-rooms at the rear of the Goldsmith-street chapel in furtherance of the erection of the new church. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather there was a large attendance. After the excellent tea had been done ample jus tice to, a public meeting was held in the chapel, presided over by the Rev. W. Curnow. The pro ceedings were commenced by singing a hymn and the president of the conference (the Rev. George Hurst) engaging in prayer. The Chairman said he was sure there was no need for any one to say anything to them about remem bering the Ides of March, as he was sure the trustees would have cause to remember March for some time to come. He was glad they had determined to go on with the meeting notwithstanding the weather; and he hoped that by the Ides of March 1871, they would see the completion of their church. The building would cost £3300; and at the present time they had £1160 in hand and a guarantee of £600 from the church extension fund, so he thought they were in a very good position, financially, for going on with the work. He had known churches that had been erected costing a far larger sum, yet commenced in a far less favourable position than they were as far as money was concerned. At the present time church building was in its infancy; and as the coming man was greatly talked of in the present day, he thought they might look for the right style of church build ing. They had made some desperate mistakes in building churches in this colony, and the consequence was that people went to sleep from want of ventila tion and pure air; and this want of ventilation was often an instrument in the hands of Satan in pre venting people being able to hear and profit by what they heard. He believed in a large supply of pure air and plenty of light. The Gothic style of architecture was not suitable for this; but the am phitheatre style was certainly the best for hearing and seeing. He was glad to see so many people present, and he was sure those who had come were their friends. He was also glad to see representatives of other churches attending; and he was glad to see the president of the Wesleyan church in the Australian colonies pre sent. He was sure the name of Hurst was fragrant in Goulburn; and as the brother of the Rev. B. Hurst who had built part of their old chapel, they were pleased to see the president of the conference amongst them. As he was quite willing that the Church of England should be first, he would call upon Mr. Conolly to address the meeting. Mr. Conolly said it gave him pleasure to be present on that occasion, and he was much pleased at the re marks that had fallen from the chairman. He was proud of his church, and he thought he had reason to be proud of her; but he liked others also. Had he been left till the last, he might have caught a few ideas from the other speakers, and with a few words of congratulation have made up a short speech. In his opinion they had done well in putting off the laying of the foundation-stone from last Wednesday. They were not to know what sort of weather they were to have on a certain day ; and it was remarkable what good prophets they could all be if they only waited until after events had transpired. As one outside, he thought the committee had acted wisely; and their holding the tea-meeting on the evening before the stone was laid, was to prevent the meeting clashing with something else that was also of great interest to them. That was a preparatory meeting to laying the foundation-stone, and as they had asked the blessing of God upon what they were about to do, he was sure that blessing would be with them in their efforts. Since his arrival in Goulburn the Wesleyans had taken many steps in advance, and now they intended to take another in the right direction. He hoped to see the time when the new church now started and the one the Church of England people intended to build would not be near large enough to hold all those who would flock to them. He hoped that the meeting at the laying of the foundation stone would be as happy a one as that which he attended at Jerrawa some twelve years ago. Though a member of another church he was glad when he heard that they had determined to build a new church in Goulburn, and he was sure he should watch with delight the progress of the building towards completion. The Rev. S. F. McKenzie (Presbyterian) said he hardly thought the meeting would have come off owing to the wet. He was much surprised to see so large a meeting-and he was quite sure that the Wesleyans were the only denomination that could got so large a meeting on a night like that. Though he felt quite at home at the meeting, he would rather preach half-a-dozen sermons than deliver an address. He had attended a good many Wesleyan tea-meet ings, and had always seen them conducted in a most seemly manner. There was a collection to be made, and he hoped the amount given would satisfy the trustees. The text he had to speak from was to ad vocate the interests of the object that had brought them together. The building was to be a good one and a credit to the city. He rejoiced at the prospect of soon seeing a really good Protestant church erected in Goulburn; and he trusted other bodies would soon follow in the same way. It was the duty of all Protestant denominations to lend a helping hand in a work of this kind. The old chapel was much larger and more commodious than his own, and he believed would stand when his was tottering. While God could be worshipped as well in a humble house as in a gorgeous one, —in a cathedral as in a country barn, yet it was right for them to build handsome churches. A quarter of a century ago in the land of bibles people were driven from the barren moors in the land of their forefathers, and were com pelled to go on the bosom of the deep to worship God; but the case was vastly different now. There was something wrong among people of all denominations, for he saw them build ing fine houses for themselves, while there was only a barn-looking place set apart for the service of God; but he hoped these things would not be so for long. He was no Wesleyan, nor had he any intention of becoming one; yet he would say that there was no section of the Christian church who did the Christian's work more energetically and more laboriously than the Wesleyans. It was not at all desirable that they should have the house of God burdened with debt, and he hoped that before Mr. Curnow left them the new building would be free from debt. In conclusion he heartily wished them God speed, and hoped the building might prove a blessing to the souls of many yet unborn. The Rev. Mr. Curnow said there was not sufficient room for the people in the chapel, every sitting being let. He thought it was not desirable that more than two-thirds of the sittings in a place of worship should be occupied. He was quite sure that the Wesleyans would be right glad to see a new cathedral built in Goulburn, and also a now kirk; and they would help their friends to the best of their ability when the time came for building them. The Rev. G. James (Primitive Methodist) next addressed the meeting. When he said he felt a pleasure in being there he expressed the feel ings of his heart, though he had had some diffi culty in getting there, as he had come from Jerrawa that day through the rain. It was desirable that the church they intended to erect should be free from debt as soon as possible; and from the remarks of the chairman he thought this would soon be. When the Wesleyans set their hearts upon doing a thing, they did it. It was not necessary for him to im press upon them the necessity of giving, as they understood these things as well as he did. If they gave, God would reward them. He loved the Church of England and other churches, and re joiced in their progress; but he had a greater regard for the Methodists. Though they were going to have a new church, they were not going to have a new gospel: the old one would still do for them. It would be the means of preparing them for immortal glory ; and the gospel preached in that place of wor ship would be the means of bringing many souls to God. They wanted sympathy, but they also wanted something more; and he was sure that members of his church would do as much as they could to assist them. Yet with all the assistance they could get, the trustees would find they had as much as they could well manage. They would have to make a long and a strong effort; and if this were done they would carry out their undertaking successfully. Mr. W. Davies said the reason he came before them with a speech was that when they found that the president of the conference could not come on the day first appointed for the laying of the stone, he (Mr. Davies) had consented to do it, and had therefore prepared an address for that occasion, which ad dress he would now read with such modifications as the change of circumstances rendered necessary. Though the president could not come on that day, he had promised them £100 in memory of his late brother. He was very glad that the first official work performed by the president in his year of office was to lay the foundation-stone of a new church. In 1846 the Rev. Wm. Lightbody was stationed at Goulburn, and conducted divine worship in a tem porary wooden building. During 1847 a subscrip tion list was opened for the purpose of building a chapel, and a sum of £200 was reported to the dis trict meeting in July of that year. The inhabitants generally responded to the appeal made to them, and liberally contributed towards the chapel building fund. By great exertion and much self-denial on the part of the very few persons who were responsi ble for the completion of this work, the chapel was erected (the southern portion of the present chapel), and for several years it accommodated the gradually increasing number of hearers. In 1857, and during the pastorate of the late Rev. Benjamin Hurst, it was resolved to enlarge the chapel, and a transept was added, together with a school-room in the rear. Further additions were made from time to time to meet the growing wants of the congregation, and a second school-room was built. These, however, proved to be only temporary accommodation and did not satisfy the demand. In May, 1869, a new trust was formed, and at their first meeting the trustees seriously entertained the question of church accom modation, and resolved to take steps for the erection of a new church. Plans were prepared by Mr. Thomas Rowe of Sydney, and were submitted to a public meeting on the 20th May, after receiving the approval of the trustees. After some unavoid able delay, the subscriptions reached an amount which warranted the trustees calling for tenders; and the contracts for the new church were entered into with Messrs. Richardson, Pinn, and Robinson, and to morrow the corner-stone would be laid. Prior to the enlargement of the present chapel, the former trus tees erected a commodious parsonage, and in this they were greatly assisted by the generous liberality of the late Rev. Benjamin Hurst, whose memory is cherished gratefully by the Wesleyan church in Goulburn. Since the introduction of Wesleyan Methodist services into Goulburn there had been great extension of church work throughout the southern districts; and the following comparison would be interesting at least to the members of the Wesleyan church ". - - 1847\. 1870. Chapels ............................ . 0 13 Other preaching- plseee ......... 8 55 Ministers....... ................... 1 10 Local preachers .................... 2 44 Class-leaders ...................... 2 58 Mumbers .... ........................ 10 1002 Sabbath schools ................. 1 34 Sabbath-school teachere........ 6 212 Sabbath-school scholars...:..... 31 1594 Hearers ........................... 300 6800 This progress was most gratifying, especially so when taken in connexion with that of other churches. They had also been enlarging their borders and gathering in members and hearers by thousands. The spiritual destitution of the people has become gradually relieved; and there is hope that the chris tian churches will ere long bring the gospel within reach of every family in the land. The work now formally begun was a deeply interesting and im portant work. It was not for the present merely, but also for the future; not for them only, but for their children. From the vantage-ground of that platform he looked backwards and forwards. Backwards, and he saw a band of christians, far from their native land and from the means of grace they prize. Yearn ing for the observances of the church they called their own, and valuing the sanctuary as a central point for christian union, they resolved, God helping them, to erect in their adopted land a temple to the honour of their Divine Lord. The work was great, the workers few; but generous hearts beat in Goul burn then as now, and many friends came forward with their gifts in aid of those who needed help, not questioning their creed, but honouring their self-denial and their devotion to the one Great Head. And he looked forward. The work begun in weak ness had matured, and its onward course was not doubtful. The new church would rise an ornament to the city and a blessing to the citizens. Many there were who wished them good speed, and assuredly they might affirm without presumption, the glory had not departed from them. The future of methodism would not be a time of folding of hands, of idleness. No! it will be a time of manly exertion, of christian labour. It would pursue its course, quietly and pa tiently he hoped; but it must go forward. He pre dicted for it no earthly glory. It would be despised, as was their Lord. "Not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble" join its ranks; but if he did not greatly err the next quarter of a century would see its growth into a power for good to Australia, which would be beyond the compu tation of man. Did they now say apologetically, " if this work be of God ?" No ! they did not say so of any conforming or non-conforming church; and if the fruit of their christian effort and christian life be man transformed, man brought nearer to God, man aspiring after holiness and heaven -then he ven tured to quote in its favour God's eternal truth - "by their fruits ye shall know them." He hailed this day, dark and lowering though it was, with unfeigned pleasure. Rejoicing exceedingly at the interest they had manifested in the proceedings; gratefully ac knowledging the presence of the ministers and lay men of other churches, who had given them the hand of friendship; and hopefully anticipating the material aid which the services in connexion with the stone-laying would secure, he did most heartily, for himself and co-trustees, offer them all his warm est thanks. The Rev. George Hurst, the president of the con ference, said it afforded him great pleasure in being present; and Goulburn was the only town in the colony that would have seen him that night. He had a great interest in Goulburn, as there were asso ciations connected with it that he could never forget. The remains of his precious brother, whose spirit was now before the throne, rested in Goulburn, and this alone would give him an interest in this place. It had always been his prayer that he might act in a man ner worthy of that brother. Eleven years ago when he came to Goulburn he had gone at midnight to that grave, and with feelings not to be described prayed that the mantle of his brother might fall upon him, as God in his good Providence had brought him to this colony to fill the place of his brother as well as he was able. He should have been glad to have been present with them last week; but though he could have left Maitland, it would have been impos sible for him to have reached Newcastle. From all appearances there had been plenty of rain up here; but it had not been so devastating as where he came from. A month ago the district of Maitland looked luxuriant; but now it was a scene of desolation and ruin. Within that month the people of that district had lost £100,000 worth of their property. When he came to Goulburn eleven years ago he wondered how he should get on in so small a church, for he had been used to preach in large ones in the old country; and he had said he hoped to see the day when there would be a new church in Goulburn worthy of the Methodists. He was thankful that the opportunity had come when he could assist by his means in doing what in past years he had hoped for. The best thing that could be done for this land was to build churches where they were wanted and then fill them with devoted ministers. The good old book said that righteousness exalted a nation; and it did so in every way that a nation could be exalted. Righteousness tended to the increase of population; and population was the power of a nation. Where there was only a small population there was a difficulty in keeping a nation free. What millions of treasures had been spent, and rivers of blood spilt, in preserving the free dom of nations ! See what it had cost Britain to keep the empire of India from dissolution; and what it had cost to guard the peninsular of Italy from ruin. We should never be able to form a nationality and secure liberty unless we had an increase of population. By the blessing of God they would try to keep their colonial empire free. Some years ago there was a deal of talk about the French from a neighbouring colony, and also of the Americans coming over here to take Now South Wales. But he thought they would ever be able to maintain their great and glorious liberty. They could not cultivate the soil or build roads and bridges unless there was an influx of population; and he thought the spread of the church would be the means of bringing this, and he was sure it needed no argument from him in support of this assertion. Vice and immorality carried thousands annually to an untimely grave; but the spread of religion saved them from this. Let them only endeavor to spread christianity through this great colony of theirs and they would be conferring a great benefit upon it. They had heard people say a great deal about educating the people to make them social and moral; if this were true at all, it was not true to any great degree. Mere intellectual education did not increase morality ; but religious morality increased intellectual culture. It was said that the Chinese were the greatest reading people in the world; but what about their morality ? With all their reading they did not appear to have increased in intellectuality for the last two thousand years. They were the same in morals and education now as they were when Christ was upon earth. If nearly one half of the human race who read so much had not improved in morals for two thousand years, it showed that it required something more than in tellectual culture to create a pure morality. The one great cause of a nation's greatness was a true faith and pure morals. Let these be supplied and they would take a new start with regard to intellectual development. What was it that had made Great Britain what it is now but similar work to that in which they were then engaged ? Godliness was profit able in all things; and only let a people become religious and moral and they would soon transform a wilderness into a fruitful field. If this were so, it was their duty to erect churches and send ministers to teach the people, and by doing this a great amount of good would be done. He had seen the plans of their new building only that afternoon; and from then he found that the people of Goulburn had more taste than he had given them credit for. He was much pleased with the style of the church. It would be a very fine one when completed; and he was also glad that it was to be on the amphitheatre principle within. The New Brunswick chapel in England, in which he had often preached was on the same princi ple, and was well adapted for worship. In speaking of the several denominations he always put his own church first and the Church of England next, and of course he allowed other people to do the same. There was one thing he would impress upon them, and that was that the church extension society was the sheet anchor of their church; and he hoped they would support this society to the best of their ability. They must try to clear off the whole debt of the new building as soon as possible, for if they left a debt of some £2000 upon it there would at seven per cent. be about £140 a year interest to pay; and if this £140 were saved they could have another min ister for the circuit. At the last conference held in Adelaide six ministers of other churches had offered themselves; but the conference could not accept them because they were married men. It was a law in their church that no minister entering the connexion should be allowed to marry until he had served a probation of four years. They had recently sent home for three ministers; and it would be seen that the conference had taken up Deniliquin in the Goulburn district, and Fort Bourke in the Bathurst district this year. In Maitland he had a very fine chapel, and a very fine debt upon it; and owing to the floods he was afraid that he should not be able to clear it off as soon as he would otherwise have done. He should not have cared to give a pound towards the chapel in Goulburn unless the people looked beyond the building to the blessing of God upon the services to be conducted in it. He would always make the house of God the most beau tiful house in a city; and as he liked a little of the dim religious light, he was glad they were going to have stained-glass windows. But while he said this he certainly did not wish this dim light to shut out the true light. He trusted that when their church was erected it would become the birthplace of many immortal souls. A vote of thanks to the chairman, and the pro nouncing of the benediction brought the proceedings to a close. During the evening the choir sang several pieces of sacred music. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone was performed on Thursday morning, having been post poned from the preceding week on account of the very unfavourable state of the weather. The day on the present occasion was showery and the ground soaking wet; but there was no heavy rain while the ceremony was proceeding. The flooded state of the creeks and rivers had for some days pretty well put a stop to all travelling. In consequence of this, there were few visitors from the country; and the cheap excursion-rates by railway having been with held owing to the postponement of the agricultural show coupled also with the heavy rain that was falling in Sydney, prevented the attendance of persons from the metropolis, of whom there were but few present. The following description of the intended building may not be uninteresting: - The chapel promises to be an exceedingly beautiful struc ture, highly creditable to the Wesleyan body, and an ornament to the city. Internally it is nearly a square, measuring 50 feet by 56 feet 6 inches, and the height from floor to summit of the open roof nearly 40 feet. The roof and gallery (the designs for which are light and elegant) will be sup ported by iron columns. The sittings of cedar are arranged in amphitheatre style, each pew being a segment of a circle, and the floor rising gradually from the rostrum to the sides and front of the build ing, thus ensuring the utmost facilities for seeing and hearing. The communion-rail extends across the chancel, which is 33 feet wide and 9 feet deep, and immediately in front of this is the rostrum--a platform. The front elevation of the building is bold and effective. The width is 64 feet, and in the centre rises a tower and spire 100 feet high. This is of very graceful proportions, and the effect is im proved by the addition of four spirelets-one at each corner of the tower. On each side of the tower there is an open porch, the ascent to which is by a broad flight of steps. This leads into a closed porch 12 foot by 9 feet, through which access is gained to the highest part of the floor inside. In the square tower are the staircases leading to the galleries. To facilitate ingress and egress there is a door and porch at the back in the angle formed by the chancel, and in the opposite angle is a vestry for the minister. The building will be of brick with cement dressings; the windows of stained glass; and the internal ar rangements are believed to combine all modern appliances for the most perfect working out of the purpose for which the building is designed. Litho graphed drawings of the building have for some time been on view in several of the shops in town; and one was exhibited on the ground on the present occasion. The situation is on land at the corner of Goldsmith and Bourke streets, separated from the present chapel by the Wesleyan parsonage, and well adapted for the purpose. Amongst other recom mendations it has that of being so situated that the services can be but little affected by annoyances in the neighbourhood, the front and one side facing streets while the other side and the rear are pro tected by land belonging to the Wesleyan body. The place where the stone was to be laid was pro tected from the weather by an awning; and a short distance off was a raised platform for the accommo dation of ladies and children. The whole was gaily decorated with flags; and when the sun shone out, as it did for a minute or two, the appearance was very attractive. The number of persons present, considering the state of the weather and the impediments to travel ling already referred to, was more than could well have been expected, being probably little short of three hundred. Shortly before eleven o'clock the Rev. W. Curnow addressing the assemblage expressed his pleasure at finding so many present on such a morning. The ceremony to be performed though very interesting to many of them would be a short one, as it would not be well to keep a body of people assembled to gether in such weather longer than possible. He then described the order of the proceedings to be observed. The 620th Hymn in the Wesleyan collection com mencing " Behold the sure foundation-stone" was then sung. A very beautiful and appropriate prayer was offered up by the Rev. S. F. McKenzie (Presby terian) ; and the Rev. G. James (Primitive Metho dist) read the 3rd chapter of the First Epistle to the Corinthians, commencing at the 9th verse. The Rev. W. Curnow said that before laying the foundation-stone itself they had to lay beneath it a bottle. This contained a specimen of the literature of Goulburn (a copy of the Goulburn Herald) which possibly posterity might see, and a specimen of their own literature in the Christian Advocate and Wes leyan Record containing a report of the late confer ence at Adelaide, and also a paper with the names of the trustees of the building and certain statistical information connected with their body. Mr. R. H. Blatchford then deposited the bottle in a cavity beneath the foundation-stone. Mr. William Davies in the name of the trustees presented to the president of the conference a hand some silver trowel and a mallet composed of various pieces of polished wood and inlaid at the top with silver. He said that a suitable inscription would be engraved on the trowel. He presented this with feelings of the most intense pleasure and gratitude; and could scarcely express his appreciation of the kindness the president had shown in undertaking a journey from Maitland in such weather. The Rev. George Hurst, the president of the con ference, suitably acknowledged the gift. The stone was then lowered in its place, the sun shining for the only time during the proceedings. The stone being properly adjusted, The President of the Conference said-I lay this foundation-stone of a new Wesleyan church in the city of Goulburn in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, most humbly and heartily praying that the church when finished shall be the birth-place of many souls to eternal life. I trust it will be a great blessing to Goulburn for gen erations to come. I have great pleasure in present ing a trifle to be laid on the foundation-stone as my contribution towards the building. The President here handed to the trustees a cheque for £100, which was placed in a box on the foundation-stone amidst great applause. The people assembled then one by one laid their contributions on the stone. The amount in all, including the president's donation, was announced to be £200 10s. 7d. The President of the Conference then delivered the following address:-My dear Christian friends, -We have met together this day on a very interesting occasion and in order to perform a most important act-the laying of the foundation stone of another house of God. But few occa sions, if any, can be more pleasing to a religious man than occasions like the present; and but few acts, if any, can be performed which will result in greater spiritual and moral good to the in habitants of the neighbourhood in which they may be placed, than the act in which we have just been engaged. It contemplates the highest interests of men, and its results will extend through all time and be commensurate with vast eternity. Many of you now before me will enjoy in earth and in heaven the consequences of this day's proceedings; and men yet unborn will be reached, from one generation to another, by the power which we this day create. When the top-stone of the sanctuary whose founda tions we this day have laid shall have been brought on, and the house shall have been opened for the public worship of God and the preaching of His holy word, an omnipotent power will he exerted therein which will roll away the dark thunder-cloud which hangs over many a human mind, leaving it bright with glorious sunshine and redolent with the fra grance of heaven; which will take hold of many a human spirit sunk into the very depths of immorality, and exalt it to the practice of all the beautiful and sublimest morality of the gospel; which will raise countless numbers from a death in sin to a new birth in righteousness, defacing in them the image of Satan, and impressing upon them the image of God; which will sever them from the creature and its un substantial and rapid pleasures and unite them to God, the fountain of pure and all-enduring bliss; which will save them from the depths of hell and lift them up to the light of heaven. The power of which I speak is the gospel; and the power of the gospel is the power of God to salvation. But while the min istry of God's word produces the high results of which I have spoken, it also contributes more than any other power on earth to man's temporal happi ness. It makes him sober and industrious, respect able and prosperous, contented and peaceful, just and truthful, obedient to the laws of the state, and mind ful of the interests of his fellows. Now, if all this is true-and who can successfully dispute its truth ? then it is obvious that to erect places of worship in which the word of God shall be faithfully preached is the highest patriotism and the purest philanthropy. From this erection must flow all that is advantageous to the state and profitable to man. All, then, who love their country or their species will contribute, as God has prospered them and as there is need, to the building of churches, first in their own locality, and then in all parts of the land. The man who will not contribute to the building of a church, where the spiritual and moral interests of the people require its erection, is neither a patriot nor a philanthropist. He is under the in fluence of short- sighted, blind selfishness, and to mammon he sacrifices the interest of the state, his own interest, and the interest of his neighbours. Increased church accommodation is required in all parts of this colony ; and it would be well for the state, for themselves, and for the whole community, if our men of wealth would devote an increased portion of their riches to supply this need. But the church, whose foundation-stone we have just laid, is a Wesleyan church ; and I am aware that some of you are not Wesleyans, that you do not intend to occupy seats in it when it shall be finished, nor regularly to avail yourselves of the ministry which will be exercised therein. Let me then say, that we are glad to see you present with us, and that we are pleased to find that you are disposed to sanction with your presence the act which we have just per formed, and to contribute to the accomplishment of the object which we contemplate. Your presence, your sanction, and your support, I take as evidences of the existence of christian charity and brotherhood among the churches and I devoutly hope and fervently pray, that these two amiable and beautiful things may continually increase. Your catholic spirit we now in heart reciprocate, and we will do it practically when an opportunity shall offer. Your enlightened judgment and conscientious convictions have produced in you warm attachment to other por tions of the universal church of our common Lord; but you have risen superior to those narrow-minded prejudices and to that exclusive bigotry which for so many ages have deformed and weakened the house hold of faith. I hope that in this more genial and sunny clime that coldness and aversion which we have so frequently witnessed in the colder and more cloudy regions of our fatherland, will not be cherished, but that they will utterly die away. Here and there I believe I can see signs of their ex tinction; and I hail those signs with pleasure. I do not want latitudinarianism, that which would sacrifice christian truth or hold it in abeyance, but that we should hold and speak the truth in love. I think that the account which Moses gives of the wells which Isaac's servant's dug in the valley of Gerar may fitly represent the past and present state of feel ing in the christian church. " And lsaac's servants digged in the valley, and found there a well of spring water. And the herdsmen of Gorar did strive with Isaac's herdsmen, saying the well is ours: and he called the name of the well, Elsok "-that is strife- " because they strove with him. And they digged another well, and strove for that also: and he called the name of it, Sitnah," that is, hatred. "And he removed from thence and digged another well; and for that they strove not : and he called the name of it, Rehoboth," that is, enlargement, " and he said for now the Lord hath made room for us, and we shall be fruitful in the land." Now, the church had her period of strife, when christian men, differing from each other, con tended for their respective views with a warmth and bitterness which reflected no credit on the Christian name. This period was followed by a season of cold and settled hatred, when Christian men, standing aloof from each other, would have re joiced in the destruction of the respective commu nities to which they belonged. But now if we have not quite entered into the period of enlargement, I hope we are getting into it. The different churches are beginning to see that there is room for them all to be fruitful in the world; that after they have put forth their utmost efforts and done all the good in their power, neglect of God and spiritual religion, secret and open evil, gross and unblushing im morality and crime abound; and therefore they are becoming more disposed to bid each other God speed and to rejoice in each other's prosperity. But I do not believe that professors of the Christian religion will ever all think alike either as to doctrine or dis cipline, nor that they will ever be united in one great community. Perhaps it would not be desir able nor conducive to the interests of true religion that they should. The different churches act and re-act on each other; and provoking one another to love and good works, the kingdom of Christ is ex tended and the spiritual interests of men are pro moted. I am persuaded that the history of the Christian religion sufficiently proves that divine life in the church produces diversity of sentiments and practice, and that if we had uniformity in both we would probably have uniformity of death. But while the different churches maintain their distinc tive principles and pursue their different schemes of usefulness, it is high time that they should cease to envy and vex each other, that they should be one in affection, purpose, and effort, and that they should thus endeavour to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. The Methodist church is the church of my choice and affection ; but far be it from me to set up any exclusive claim in her favour, either with regard to her doctrines, her ecclesiastical arrangements, her ministry, or her practice; neither would I say one word which could be construed into a reflection upon any of her sister Protestant churches. If 1 speak of Methodism at all this day, it is because that is my subject, and because any other topic would be inappropriate to the present oc casion. I will not speak of the great work which Methodism, through the divine blessing, has accom plished in England, and in many other countries, of the many thousands of churches it has erected, of the countless number of men whom it has rescued from vice and spiritual death, teaching them that, denying all ungodliness and worldly lusts, they should live righteously, soberly, and godly in this pre sent evil world, and of the powerful moral influence which it has exerted on communities at large; but will observe, first that when it arose it was unques tionably a revival of experimental and practical Christianity, and such a revival as had been seldom seen in Christian England, or in any part of the Christian world. And I hope it has not yet lost its revivalism nor any portion of its inner life. In the present day Methodism does not consist in the belief of certain doctrines and in the observance of certain forms, but in the enjoyment of the power and vi tality of true religion. Wherever it has gone, it has set up the kingdom of God in the human heart, and brought human action under the influence of the laws of that kingdom. I do not say that all the members of our widely extended societies are truly converted to God, and that they all attain in all things the doctrine of God their Saviour; but I say if you take Methodism as a whole you will not find less religious life and virtuous action than in any other church. Methodism in those points had a right beginning. As its founder very justly observes, "it did not begin in finding fault with others, but in finding fault with ourselves." It commenced in deep conviction of sin, in sorrow for transgression, leading to the enjoyment of conscious pardon and to purity of heart and life. This, and nothing but this, is Methodism now. All who stop short of this are not true Wesleyans; and were John Wesley now alive he would purge his societies of all such persons. Now of all the members of our church I will not affirm, but of many I will, that having humbled themselves before God for their past sins, and having believed in the Lord Jesus Christ, they have received forgiveness for the past and that great change which the scriptures call the new birth, the receiving of which has endowed them with power to renounce all the pomps and vanities of this wicked world, with the sinful lusts of the flesh, and to obey God's holy laws. I have conversed with thousands of them in England and with some in this colony, and have found the majority of them correct in their experience ; and where ever I have found correct ex perience I have also seen consistent practice. When professors of religion are wrong in their lives they are always defective in experience ; and in propor tion to the depth of their experience is the purity of their actions. I have said, there is not less religious life nor a less striking manifestation of that life in holy conduct in Methodism than in any other church; and to me it would be strange if there were, considering all the facts which have rela tion to this subject - its earnest and powerful experimental and practical ministry; its prayer meetings, class-meetings, bandmeetings, and love feasts; its high, but scriptural, standard of experi ence and practice. Its great watch-word is, " hav ing the principles of the doctrine of Christ, let us go on to perfection," or " let us cleanse ourselves from all filthiness of the flesh and spirit, perfecting holiness in the fear of the Lord." It knows nothing of sin remaining till death in the believer's heart, and developing itself in his life to keep him humble ; but it exhorts all its members to follow after inward and outward holiness, without which no man can see God. If our doctrines and church order are not powerless, they ought to produce high forms of spiritual life and christian virtue. The second thing I wish to observe of Methodism is, that while it is a life, it developes its life in the pure forms of christian truth, observance, and charity. No man can fix heresy upon it, nor ever will be able to do so, while the New Testament is the standard of truth. We may differ from other Protestant churches on some doctrines of minor importance, but we agree with all in the grand fundamental truths of christianity. The doctrines of Methodism are the doctrines of the reformation; and what is more important still, they are the doctrines of Jesus Christ and his apostles. We hold the Trinity in Unity, the true and proper divinity of the Son, and the distinct personality and god-head of the Holy Spirit. We believe in the plenary inspiration of the holy scriptures, and their sufficiency " for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." We teach the doctrine of man's fall and total depravity, and of his redemption by the sacri ficial death of our Lord Jesus Christ. We hold that the atonement was made for the whole race, and that it is the will of God that all men should be saved. We proclaim repentance towards God, and justification by faith alone in the merits of Christ. We believe in regeneration, the destruction of the old man, and the restoration of the image of God by the power of the Holy Ghost and in the Spirit's direct witness to the fact of the believer's adoption. And we hold the conditional persever ance of the saints and the existence and eternity of future rewards and punishments. While most of these truths are hold by all the churches, the whole of them are held by some, and we believe that they are clearly taught in the New Testament. While Methodism is free from heresy, it is also free from superstition. It does not make void the commands of God through its traditions. It lays no stress on anything which the word of God does not enjoin. It knows nothing of holy water, incense, and extreme unction, of penances and pilgrimages. It is not be guiled through voluntary humility into the worship ping of images, angels, and saints. It knows but of one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus; and the cross in which it glories is the true doctrinal cross, Christ sacrificed for the sins of the world. It is as far from fanaticism and enthu siasm as from superstition. In its early days it was often charged with these evils, and it is still by some who know not what they say. These people term vital, earnest, practical piety, whether amongst our selves or other Christian people, Methodism and enthusiasm. Only let an episcopal clergyman preach earnestly and faithfully the same saving doctrines of the gospel-and I am thankful to say that many of them do this-and at once by these people he is de signated a Methodist and an enthusiast. If a man renounce the wickedness and follies of the world and become strict and holy in his life, these people at once avoid him as Methodistical and enthusiastic, although he may not have the least connection with the Methodist church. But neither we nor other people who may have the life of religion and show it, are on that account enthusiasts. What is enthusiasm ? I believe that almost all who apply this word as a term of reproach to real godliness, do not understand its meaning. As applied to religion, enthusiasm is false and imaginary in spiration. But no man can fix this charge on Methodism. We do not now and never will lay any claim to false and imaginary inspiration. In the year 1740, just two years after he became acquainted with the truth as it is in Jesus, John Wesley said, "let my religion be plain, artless, simple; meekness, temperance, patience, faith, and love, be these (most) highest gifts; and let the highest results wherein I teach them be those I learn from the book of God." If this is enthusiasm, then it would be well for you if you were all enthusiasts. This was John Wes ley's religion through life; and this is the religion of the Methodists of the present generation all the world over. The highest spiritual gifts to which we lay claim are the graces of the Holy Spirit; and if we are called enthusiasts because we teach that God blesses men with meekness, temperance, patience, faith, and love, I hope that we may for ever joyfully bear the reproach. Or are we enthu siasts because we are fervent in devotion ? Then by all means let us maintain our character. Avoid formality in devotion as an abomination in the sight of God, throw your whole soul into your religion, and serve God with all your heart and mind and soul and strength. While the life of Methodism expresses itself in true scripture observances, it also breathes the pure spirit of Christian charity. Its motto at the beginning was and still is, " the friend of all and the enemy of none." It does not desire to call down fire from heaven to consume those from whom it differs in doctrine or discipline, nor to treat them with coldness and disrespect. Its great object is to help in converting the world, and it has no time for party strife and contention. To all who hold the Head, and preach the truth of the gospel with a view to save and bless mankind it offers the right hand of fellowship, and it rejoices in their ef forts and success. Occasionally, but much against our will, we have been obliged to fight in self-defence, when thoughtlessly, ignorantly, or maliciously as- sailed; but from the beginning to this day we have never under the influence of party spirit made an attack on any part of the true church of God, and I hope we never shall. The third and last thing which I wish to observe of Methodism this day is, that its object is not to build up a party, but to save souls. John Wesley said " the world is my parish;" and he further declared that his one great object was to spread scriptural holiness throughout this great pa rish. And abundant proof exists that this and this alone was his purpose through every period of his long and laborious life. Alexander Knox, who knew him well, says, "to train as many parsons as he could influence to habitual and elevated piety by a settled plan of methodical, social, and anti-secular devotion was his uniform and exclusive object." The spirit of John Wesley stilt breathes in Methodism from one end of the earth to the other; and the ob ject which he contemplated his followers still hold before them, and pursue it at least with a measure of that zeal with which he was inspired. Methodism has done much in this colony, and there is great need that it should do very much more. We must gird up our loins and steadily and continuously put forth our strength, or we shall not accomplish our mission in supplying the spiritual and moral necessities of the people, so far as it is our duty and province to meet them. I hope that the Methodist church in your town will from this day enter into a more extended field of labor, and that it will more vigorously and success fully prosecute its labors. My reverend brethren, it is my heart's desire and prayer to God, that we may all be favoured with a more copious outpouring of the Holy Spirit, that we may all obtain a deeper baptism of holy zeal, and that as ministers of God we may move in our respective spheres as living flames. My christian friends, may you all receive, while on this holy ground, showers of heavenly blessings, and may you this day dedicate yourselves more fully to God! The great revival of religion appears to be going round the world, and may God in his mercy grant that it may soon reach us here and pass through the length and breadth of these Australian colonies ! The Rev. Mr. Curnow said that they knew under what adverse circumstances Mr. Hurst had left his district to take the principal part in that day's proceedings; and he proposed a vote of thanks to him for his attendance and for his excellent address. The vote as carried by acclamation. The Rev. the President said they were quite wel come to any services he could render them. He felt deeply interested in Goulburn and always should be. The greatest friend he ever had, his sainted brother, lay among them. This alone was sufficient to make him feel the deepest interest in all that related to Goulburn; and any service he could do to the Wes leyan church here or indeed in any other direction he should be happy to do all the days of his life. The Rev. W. Curnow expressed his thanks and the thanks of the Wesleyan body to the Revs. Messrs. McKenzie and James for their kindly taking part in the proceedings. He was much obliged to find that so many persons had braved the weather to be present. It was a great source of satisfaction to have had such a meeting and such a service on such a morning. Mr. Davies called for three cheers for the Queen, which having been heartily given the meeting dis persed. 