THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL AND THE . ? ??'.? 1;. V PRESS. ..;;:.' .'';r ;:.:: -! (2 o the Editor of the Freeman's Journal. ) Sir, — The (Ecumenical Council is., an accom plished fact. The Bishops of the Church have gathered round, ite. Head, and the eyes of; the. world are upon them, and .what. the. world, sees ?it will think about, and talk: about,, and form its o .via opinion about, pretty accurately, according to the nature of the evidence it commands.: la this tho tendan.cy of the Catholic „ and the; non- Catholic is the same As /a rule,: men will judge fairly of the evidence that is set before, them, and it is therefore of the; greatest impor- : tance that: Catholics should know the, worth of the facts, upon the strength of the veracity of . which, they are asked by theun- Catholic press of Europe and America to:condetnu the convention and the doings of the great V^cau Council. At first sight it may seem strange- that we, who hold Catholic principle^- should require to be cautioned against passing censure upon , a work which we believe. to be under the iinuiedir ate direction of the Holy Spirit. We cannot, with our eyes open, hold as a fir.st principle that a General Council 13' convened by the VHoly Ghost — that its decisions, are- the decisions 1 of the/ Spirit of God,— and yefc proceed to- pass1 censure; upon the opportuneness of 'its convention or the' fitness of its decrees. ,But,..uufor,fcunately, ;thei eyes of many rneii are hot habitually open to the light of abstract -truths ; — they are attracted rather by the- visible aWd : concrete ;— and' for waat of serious thought, will of tener allow their judgmonts to . be influenced' by, a boldy. stated, although unauthentic fact, .. than by, the logical conclusion of premises which they would,' die rather than surrender, . Hence the 'necessity for,. so- many of :us bearing in mind,.the?utter..worth-. ?? lessness'of the great: massif facts placed before ; us by the Protestant press, with a view to 'foster within us' an un-.Cntholip and'' illogical 'haliit of ,- mind towards the CE'3U,caenicai Council. ',' ! ? , The newspaper -reports of the doings .of; the Council caariot be relisd upoiv; for two 'reasons : —First,, because, the Roman' dbrresponderiti of fche various periodicals are, as..- a rule, incapable of understanding aright wha't'iss passing around -. them-- they are of the world, and' uuderstahd not the things that, are from above-'- arid', aro/more'l^ ? -'- ? ????? /? . .. i , .. .. . over, compelled tojwrite, not so much what they themselves! think, as what they have reason to ?.believe;- their readers; will be desirous to read ; and secondly, because, were their previous train ing and habit of mind such as to enable them to judge impartially the various acts of the great drama that is being played out in the Eternal City, their faculty would have no scope for exer Gisej for the deliberations of the Council take place iu secret conelave, and the assembled Fathers are bound oy solemn oath not to reveal what talces place within. This fact cannot be too strongly impressed upon the minds of those whom curiorityfurges to seek, in the letters of Roman correspondents,!;' for information concerning the acts of the assembled Fathers. The members of the Council arefthe only persons who have any chance of knowing what the Council does or in tends to do ; these members have taken a solemn oath not to reveal either its acts or its inten tions ;— from whom, therefore, we should like to know, do the Roman correspondents of the Eu ropean and American papers get the information which^they^pour out so lavishly for the benefit of their eredulous readers ? One of two things : — their information is the creation of a lively imagination, or it comes from some member of the Council itself. From the very nature of the case, therefore, the facts of ' our Roman Correspondent,' mast be pure fic tions, or if not fictions, can have no greater authority than the testimony of a perjured man. , . . ' We Catholics should bear this in mind. 'W e cannot, as rational men, placej any faith in the reports of the Protestant press, when we know . the circumstances under which these reports are written ; and we cannot, consistently with our reason on the one hand or our faith on the other, allow such reports or sophistical comments, made upon theru in the leading articles of the press, or the speeches of our public men, to shake our confidence in the opportuneness and ultimate, utility of the work which is. being wrought by the Holy Ghost through the GGhunienical Coun-' 'cil. Your's truly, ' .-. '??'.? rl ??'?'. ? *: L P St. Mary's, Lyndhurst, March 31st, 1870. 