ENGLAND'S VIRTUE SHOCKED. Since Lord Clive forged Admiral Watson's name to the Red Treaty, there has been nothing that we can remember in the history of those interesting international documents to compare i with the great sensational effect of the. present ;week. The palsied hoiror of oar virtuous pub ilic opinion is indeed a spectacle for men and angels at this moment. That kings and states men should covet territory, tlat they should project war in the very midst oi peace in order to: annex the bank: of a river or a square plot of load and a few million souls, this seems to the unsophisticated British soul a thing almost too atrocious to be believed. ' Thank Ood!' the still small voice of the public eonscienee seems to ery, ' not so did1 we acquire Hindooatan. By far other means did/ Malta come into oar keep ing.- Our object in-holding Gibraltar Is nowise connected with the brutal consideration of mili tary advantage. Aad on the whole our Treaties are,, after the Scriptares, almost the moat edify ing atudy a pious and docile youth may make before undertaking the purely beneficent duties of a Competition Wallah.' This tumultuous and outraged movement of public opinion is es pecially interesting and worthy of study, as in dicating a quite recent return' of the English mind to a state of primitive freshness and sim plicity. The same things were done, itr aeems to us, only so long ago as 1866 and 1859-; but they by no means evoked such an edifying display of public horror. Couat Cavour tore treaties like cobwebs, employed Ambassadors to head con spiracies against the-Gourts to which they were accredited, made a compaet about Savoy and de nied that he had made it, burst through the Papal States in order as he declared to- pub down the revolution headed by Garibaldi in Naples, thea joined the Royal troops totbe G&ribaldians;, and annexed both the Papal and the Neapolitan States to Sardinia. There i3 no soit of bieaeh of public law possible, no degree of personal falsehood and dishonour, vjhioh he and those who' acted with him did not perpetrate in the course of those transactions. But British pub lic opinion almost unanimously applauded. Count Bismarck aaw the auccess of Count Ca rom's policy, and how conformable it was to the moral sense of an age whieh after all is governed by opinion, and he determined to improve th& jecasion. Accordingly h© made violent and un warrantable war on Denmark first, on Austria afterwards ; he confiscated the dominions of kings who had 3imply been faiiihful to the trea ties which bound them, and to the Federal Pact, which was the higher law of all Germany ; he used vistory ruthlessly, remorselessly. There was a day's amazement, a certain weakness and wavering; but then the worship of the worl,d, which follows the successful strong, pre vailed ; and Count Bismarck was quite as popu lar in England before the end of 1866 as Count Cavouv had been in the most magnificent hours of 1859. Have we acquired a new moral sense since? We are somewhat puzzled to under stand. The explosion of virtuous indignation this week over the Bismarck-Benedetti Treaty is so strong and so general that we are almost tempted to think it is honest, yet in nearly every English paper one opens there is an indication of opinion to the effect that one happy result of the wa-* will at all events be that, as soon as France is seriously engaged, King Victor Emmanuel will be able to take possession of Rome. Where is the difference between the case of Rome and the case of Belgium, except that the treaty which guarantees the independence of the State of Rome is of a later date than the treaty which guarantees the independence of the State of Belgium ; and is a treaty made between the sovereign, whoae flag is still to be seen at Rome and the sovereign who is thus incited to take ad. 1 vantage of his possible difficulty to seize and I possess Home.— Tablet. * ' '' B, CURE FOE THE MILLION ! HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT. IS HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT GOOD OR BAD ? emi IF bad would the whole community in all parts of , the world allow themselves to be grossly deceived Or imposed upon for a quarter of a century? It ttust be apparent that the medical profession m j-° ?very climate would, as in duty bound, make their Pre. toices heard against it- Would it be tolerated that millions should buy it And use it year after year if there was any thing better to be had, or were it not , fcov known to be the most powerful remedy ever discovered for the care of ulcers, wounds, sores, »*_ ikiii diseases, and other external ailments? Let P» toy one ask himself the question and decide for ^ himself. +oc1 CONTRACTED OR STIFF JOINTS. fchi. All the medicines in the London Dispensaries Spl] Could rarely benefit, much less cure, any chronic but eases of contracted or stiff joints ; whereas if this the Invaluable Ointment be effectually rubbed into such sho toarts twice a day the benefit will be immense. reci Paralytic patients even can derive advantages Irom ficii this fine remedy, and from no other. tioi SCORBUTIC HUMOURS.— SCALD HEADS AND SKIN DISEASES. Scorbutic humours arise from an impure state of the blood, and m most cases the liver and stomach , ?re the organs at fault. The pills will speedily ( restore these to the healthy action : while the Oint toent, if well rubbed in at least twice a day will * J* loon cure any case of the above classes of skin disease jiec by totally eradicating them from the system. Sol- f ** diers, sailors, and miners use this famous Ointment l& all parts of the world. sa ,' DROPSY. alJ Beware of this dangerous and stealthy complaint by : Which frequently creeps upon us at first by a simple « swelling of the feet, and very little notice is taken tryi ftf this perhaps till the legs begin to swell. There, stai Again, the root of the evil must be looked for in the liver and stomach ; therefore set te work.. earnestly by taking these famous Pills according to the printed directions, and by rubbing the Ointment [ tery effectually into the swollen parts. Live the principally upon solids avoiding the use of slops, and everything that will derange the stomach and liver. Most cases readily yield to the combined in luence of the Pills and Ointment. DISORDERS OF THE KIDNEYS, STONE — AND GRAVEL. In any of the above complaints more benefit may be derived in twenty-four hours by adopting the following simple means than is frequently brought ftbout in six months by any other treatment. In L bad cases, if a small pot of the Ointment be rubbed ?*? Ifito the small of the back over the region of the *ei kidneys, it will quickly penetrate, and, in most tei gases, give immediate relief; but perseverance is *c »eceBsary to effect a cure. Six or eight of the Pills Dr ihould be taken nightly according to ci-cun? stances. P1 Whoever tries these Pills and Ointment will not 8U do so in vain, but on the contrary, the result will be 5° Jnost wonderful. DIPTHERIA, SORE THROATS, &C.; pr These cases are of serious and frequently of so 4*ngerous a nature, that the Ointment, would not ' bfc recommended unless the Proprietor was pure of its Qr affect. It will cure when every other means may _ tall, if applied immediately, and not when the _ Eitient is beyond recovery. It is a sovereign remedy J r sore throats under any circumstances. Any lettled coughs, colds on the chest, or wheezing, even If of twenty years standing will be promptly removed. Mothers should rub this remarkable Oint meat into : ? the chest of their infants whenever there may be any f hoarseness, tightness, or anything else affecting the fefeathing or otherwise. Both the Ointment and Pills should be used in the following cases : — B &ad; Legs Gout « Bad Breasts Glandular Swellings ri Barns Lumbago Bunions Piles Bites of Mosquitoes and Rheumatism Sand Flies Scalds I Coco-bay Sore Nipple Ghiego-foot Sore Throat s Chilblains Skin disease (Sh&pped; hands Scurvy Opm (Soft) Sore Head {fencers Tumours Contracted and Stiff Joints Ulcers filephantiasia Wounds ' ftstulaa Yaws 3 Sold at the Establishment of Pkofessor Hollow at, r $44, Strand, (near Temple Bar,) London ; also by j ill respectable Druggists and Dealers in Medicines - throughout the civilised world, at the following feriees :— Is. lid., 2a. 9d., 4s. 6d., lla., 22s., and |8a., each Pot. ?#* There is a considerable saving by taking the ftgger size?. H.B. — Directions for the guidance of patients in irerr cfcborder are fixed to each pot. CARTES DE V1S1TE. SECOND to none in Sydney. Price moderate, and First-Class Work. Children taken in* tairaneous. Specimens to be Been at the Door JOHN T. GORUS, 101, Iling-atreet Sydney. |||^nMwrT^a^tMMMI»BMiaMMB—la I'OW'S EMBROCATION OR FARMERS' I FRIEND, the only remedy now before the Australian public, I is universally acknowledged to be the best ?paration for all cuts, bruises, sprains, galls, &c;, horses or cattle. One trid will convince all aers of stock that the Farmers' Friend is the best aedy ever introduced. CAUTION TO THE PUBLIC. BEWARE OF SPURIOUS IMITATIONS. Phere are many unscrupulous persons who, for sake of a little gain, will recommend other pre ations DO NOT BE DECEIVED. ASK FOR ROW'S EMBROCATION. Hxtracts ef letters received from the following nent vetinary surgeons : — From Mr. Joseph Armstrong, M.R.C.V.S. ' Sydney, April 16th, 1868. I 1 have used Row's Embrocation for many years a digestive stimulant for indolent sores, and a nter irritant, and have found it a very useful paration.' From Mr. J. Pottie, F.E.V.M.S. 'Sydney, August 24th, 1869. 1 1 tried the Farmers' Friend on the horse seen you in my yard, on the deep wound in the fleshy t of the hip. The wound was eight inches long I four inches wide, and part of the skin was torn iy. . . . The wound can now only be de ted by the uneven wave of hair. Encouraged by 3 result, I have since used it fer splints. One int was reduced, another splint was removed all ; the case. I found it very useful in drying up cankerous tumours on cows. The embrocation uld not be rubbed too long or too firmly en a ?nt flesh wound or where there is acute super, al inflammation. . . Keep to these instruc is and you will accomplish a splendid cure.' [Copy.] ?'Peak Downs Station, March 2nd, 1870. ' Mr. Edward Row, Sydney. 'Dear Sir, — I have much pleasure in staling t, for a period of five years, I have both used and jmmended your valuable embrocation, or mers' Friend, upon my horses and cattle, and e never known it to fail in giving the greatest sfaction. ' I have also been surprised to find It useful in cases of cuts and pains, &c;, and our men swear it. ' I feel confident that any owner of stock, once ing it, will never be without a bottle on his tion. ' I am, dear Sir, yours very Iruly, G. G. Burnett.' Sold by all druggists and storekeepers throughout s Australian colonies, and wholosale by EDWARD ROW AND COMPANY, Wholesale and Importing Druggists, (Established A D. 1820), 219, PITT- STREET, SYDNEY. F. C. WOODS, CHEMIST and DRUGGIST, 31 Parramatta street, Opposite Tooth's Brewery. )HYSIC1A.N'S prescriptions carefully com pounded from the purest drugs. Medicines quired during the night time receive the at ntion of the PROPRIETOR, thus securing curacy, civility, aad dispatch. Pure Vegeta e Antibilious Pills, a really valuable family 11, warranted free from Mercury or any mineral bstanee. Mayapple and all otber pills kept nstantly on stock. THE TEETHING MIX QRE, for children, free from all the various ?eparations of opium to be had only as above. Horse and cattle medicines of the very best laliby at reasonable charges. Worm and cough balls for horses, the onlj les to be relied on, condition powdeis, &c;, &c.; '|R. DELABARRE'S RHEUMATIC DROPS foi Uf the cure of Rheumatism, Gout, &c.; 'Sir, — I suffered from rheumatism for nearrj ght years, and tried everything, but without relief was advised to try a bottle of your drops, whicl as wonderfully cured me. 'Daniel Maher, 'Hay and Corn Store, Parramatta-street.' 'Sir, — I beg to certify to the efficacy of you: rheumatic Drops, having been severely trouble! 'ith rheumatic gout, aad have tried several othe Bmedie* without relief, 'W. Mercer, Shepherd's Paddock. ' To Mr. Humphries.' Sold in bottles, 3s each, containing thirty doses iy T. HUMPHRIES, Cbemist, Newtowu. Sydney Agents : HURLEY and CO., 410, George treet. THE MOTHER'S BLESSING. WEEKES SOOTHING POWDERS, fo CHILDREN CUTTING THEI] CEETH, has stood the test for the last twelv ?eara ; also of essential service in hooping cougt neasles, thrush, scarlatina, native pock, &c; Fhese powders have an extensive sale, and ar iaBt superseding all other medicines fer childier Ln packets of six powders, Is. Sold only by NICHOLAS WEEKES, Dispensing Chemist, 131, Parramatta-Btreet. ENCOURAGE AUSTRALIAN INDUSTRY And Benefit Yourselves by Using HENRY'S COLONIAL OINTMENT, WHTCH is the best remedy ever offered the Australian public for the cure of t Old Sores, Eruptions, BurHB, Scalds, Sore Head Inflamed Eyelids, Blight, Bad Breasts, AbBcesat Ulcers in Legs or elsewhere, Tender Mipplc Wounds, Cancers, &c;, Ac, in lid pota Is. eac to be had at all Chemisti and Storekeepers, A SOLEMN ADMONITION TO THE NERVOUS AND DEBILITATED. 1 HAS your constitution become impaired, and is ^ your manly vigour lost, by any of those ex cesses which result in the following diseases : — loss of nervous power, defective memory, lowness of ~ spirits, palpitation of the heart, giddiness, troubled and debilitating dreams, ulcerations of the mouth '1 and throat, copper coloured eruptions on the skin, J_ enlargement of the glands, loss of the hair, or any variety of cutaneous affection incidental to conta- pi gion? If such is the case, consult the highest p- medical authority in Victoria, - DR. GEORGE FREDERICK THOMAS, Of 56, Bourke-street West, 1 MELBOURNE. £ who is the only legally qualified medical man ad vertising in Australia, that has passed his examina tion as a Physician aud Surgeon. In 1859, Dr. Thomas passed his examination at -i the Royal College of Surgeons, London, the ex- I aminers consisting of the most eminent European -g surgeons and physiologists. In 1864, the Doctor passed his examination at the Royal College of Physicians, the examiners consisting of the most eminent European physicians ; also, in the same -i year, his examination in midwifery, and the J^ diseases of women and children. g Dr. Thomas having seen the vas amount of in jury inflicted on those suffering from the above diseases by unqualified pretenders, determined to ~ come boldly forward and give his services in their particular cases, and though advertising may not 1 meet the views of the medical profession generally 1 still, when the requirement is so great in this. £ colony, etiquette or false professional delicacy ought not to stand in the way : and the Doctor assures those who think proper to place themselves under his professional care, that they will meet with that 7 treatment that the urgency of their case demands, J and from which alone they can derive speedy and ^ lasting benefit. Dr. Thomas has practised with unparalleled success for tne last twenty years, eleven of which have been spent ia Melbourne, where he has enjoyed a more extended practice than any other medical man 1 advertising. J Dr. Thomas earnestly invites residents in the 1 country districts and neighbouring colonies to con sult him by letter, setting before him the various symptoms from which they suffer. Their communi cations will meet with the strictest privacy and im- -i mediate attention. J Parcels of medicine and preparations forwarded to any part of the up-country districts and adjacent colonies, carefully packed so as to defy observation. On account of increased practice, Dr. Thomas has - been compelled to remove from 97, Lonsdale- street east to a more extensive establishment, -1 56, BOURKE STREET WEST, MELBOURNE, Exactly opposite Kirk's Horse Bazaar, where he may be consulted daily from 9 a.m. until J , 10 p.m. Pi Wate personal consultation, 10s. 6d. Consultation by letter, fee £1. Private entrance for patients down the rightof way. MEDICAL CARD. DR. VAN H E E K E R E N, Consulting Physician and Surgeon, Licentiate Royal College of Physicians and Sur geons, Prussia ; Registered by the Medical Board of the East Indies ; Member of the Uni versity, and late Surgeon to the Belle Vue Hos pital, New York, UNITED STATES OF AMERICA; respectfully informs the inhabitants of Sydney and suburbs that he is daily to §be consulted 'confidentially' on all Diseases, such as Nervous Disorders or Prostration of the System, Diseases of all kinds, &c.; Dr. VAN HEEKEREN'S great experience iD the hospitals of Paris, especially at the Lourcine, and at the Hospital du Midi (des Veneriens), where he was interne and disciple of the great Phillippe Ricord, and his extensive practice in the United States of America, and for the last seven years in Sydney, give him the guarantee of continual Buccess duriDg his stay in the Aus tralian colonies. The victims of misguided confidence in quacks or unprincipled medical pretenders, can call with a certainty of being cured in the shortest possible time. All cases given up in hospitals or by other physicians as incurable, will be attended to with the utmost care. c Dr. VAN HEEKEREN would remind all who 1 are suffering from diseases which require parti r cular skill and professional knowledge, that they can apply either personally or by letter to him, with a certainty of restoration to health and vigour. '» By enclosing a One-Pound Note, an answer and consultation is immediately returned by next '?? pO8t. Medicine sent to any part, however distant, ' packed safe, and secure from observation. Dr. VAN HEEKEREN is the only duly qualified Medical Practitioner in New South * Wales who advertises. His Diploma and Certificate of the Medical 6 Board may be seen at his Consulting Rooms, 283 [' and 285, Castlereagh-street. 'e Address — i. 283 and 285, CASTLEREAGH-STREET, near PARK STREET, Sydney. ! m O THE LADIES. Dr. VANiiEEKEREN may be consulted confidentially on all female t° complaints. dl Private consultation daily, from 10 a.m. to Is, 9 p.m. !8» Ladies in delicate health should at once consult £? Dr. VAN HEEKEREN, JS3 and 286, CASXLaRBAoa.STRBKT, Sydhey. TURNER'S iTARKET riLOTH TJALL. he Largest and Best Selected Stock of WOOLLENS in the colony to choose from. TURNER'S urARKET /I LOTH TTALL. RIDING PANTS and TROUSERS cut in im roved style, affording full power of stride, with srfect ease in the saddle. . TURNER'S uTARKET pLOTH TJALL. weed Suits to measure, all wool, well shrunk.. £2 10s; TURNER'S LTARKET pLOTH TTALL, very Garment well made, well shrunk, and & perfect fit guaranteed. TURNER'8 hIARKET pLOTH TTALL* lack Cloth Suits, well otade, fit unrivalled, to order, from £3. TURNER'S LTARKET nLOTH TX^1' Hack Cloth or Doe Trousers, to order, make and fit unequalled, from 15s. TURNER'S kTARKET pLOTH TTALL, til-Wool Tweed Trousers, to order, well shrunk, from 153. TURNER'S ITARKET pLOTH TTALL; ?he Trade supplied with cut lengths, or by the piece, at wholesale prices. 1 URNER'S I/TARKET nLOTH TTALLg Colonial Tweeds, 3s. 3d. per yard. TURNER'S llfARKET nLOTH TJALL2 LV1 \j U PRACTICAL TAILORING ESTABLISH MENT. 484, GEOEaE- STREET, )pposite the Fruit Marketsj not the Haymarket| Now ready, price 4s., by post 4s. 4d. iTIATHOLIC Hymns, Litanies, &c;, with easy \J Organ accompaniment. Contents : — Veni Sancte Spiritus ; Veni Creator Spiritus ; D, come and mourn with me ; Holy Spirit Lord -f Light ; Come Holy Ghost ; Jesus the only ihought of Thee ; The Blessed Sacrament ; The Immaculate Conception ; O, Mother I could veep for mirth ; O Flower of Grace ; Hail Queen )f Heaven ; O Salutaris Hostia ; Stabat Mater ; ideste Fideles ; Litany of the B. V. M. ; Ave Vlaris Stella ; Tantum Eryo ; O Sanctissima % Che Most Holy Trinity ; The Eternal Father ; Daily Daily j Mother of Mercy ; Pilgrims of the Night ; Jesus is God ; Jesus iny God my all j Litany of the B.V.M. Hymn Books of the words Is. W. DOLMAN, 735, George-street South, opposite Christ ChurcbJ Sydney. NOTICE OF REMOVAL. nEORGE HEWETT, Oil, Colourman and \X Wax Candle maker, from 382 George street, to 215 Pitt-street, two doors from Row's Drug Stores, \/T T I E R N E T, JLVJl. HAY, CORN and COLONIAL PRODUCE STORE, 47, South Head Road. TSie best and cheapest goods always on hand. FUNERALS 1 FUNERALS 1! WILLIAM DIXON, Undertaker, BEGS to inform his friends and the public, that he haB opened an Establishment at 827, George-street south, Railway Bridge, and hopes by strict attention and moderate charges to merit a share of their patronage. The best State Hearses, Plumes, CoacheB, &c;, in the Australian colonies. Please note the address — WILLIAM DIXON, Undertaker, 827, George-street south, Railway Bridge. FUNERALS! FUNERALS!! MESSRS. J. and G. SHYING, of No. 719, GEORGE STREET South j 120, South Head Road, near Palmer' street ; and Aber» crombie-street, opposite St. Benedict's Church, beg respectfully to return thanks to their friends and the public in general, for the kind support chat they have received since their commence* ment in the BUS [NESS of UNDERTAKER^ and hope, by strict attention and civility, conio bined with moderate charges, to continue the kind support of their friends and the public in general. N. B.— Please note the address— No. 719 George-street South; 120, South Head Road »«M Palmer-street; and Abercrombie-atreet opposite St. Benedict's Church.. Irwxn arid Co.— Wool : The transactions of ftfais week, although confined to one auctioneer (Mort and Co), is to a certain extent important, Inasmuch as it may be considered the opening sale of the season, the result of which may be taken as a fair criterion of the market. The prices realised were in most instances equal to those of last season, the quotations of which may be given thus :— Scoured, 12d, 18d ; hand washed, lOd, 13d j sub-clips, 14d, 17d j fair, lid, 13d ; inferior, 9d, 12d j greasy, 5.^d, 7£d ; locks, pieces, &c;, 5d to 9d. Sheepskins are readily taken at full rates, prices ranging thus : — Sheep- skins, 4d, 6|d ; pelts, 2d to 3d. Tallow : The market continues depressed . Station and broken packages are taken for local use. Shipping par cels are bought up at about last week s figures, prices ruling thus — mutton, 34s to 36s ; beef, 32s to 343 ; station, 27s lOd to 32s lOd. Hides were in fair demand for the town and country tanpits, at the following rates : cured and heavy, 18s to 24a ; small and light, 12s to 16s ; inferior, 7s to 10s. Leather : There was a full attendance of the manufacturing trade at our sales this day, and bur catalogue was cleared at last week's rates. Sole and kip of good quality were taken at a slight advance in price, the former realising from 9£d to lO^d, and the latter 15£d to 21£d ; calf, 2s ll^d to 3s ; kangaroo, from 3s 8£d to 4s 0£d per lb. Quotations are as follows, calf, 2s 6d to 3s 3d ; kip, 14d to 21d ; harness, lOd to 13^d ; sole, 8d to lOd. Leather : 1 bale sole (damaged), 6^d, 26 sides ditto, 8d, 3 bales ditto, 8d, 29 ditto ditto, 9£d, 30 sides ditto, 9£d, 2 bales ditto, 10|d, 4 ditto, tweed, 20d, 4 ditto kip, 15Jd, 1 ditto, yearlings, 2£d, 7 ditto, calf, 2s ll£d, 34 ditto, kangaroo, 3a 8£d, 2 ditto kip, grained, 20d, 1 ditto kip, drusset, 19^d, 4 ditto ditto, 21£d, 1 ditto, grained, 194d, 12 ditto calf, 33 ; 1 ditto bagsides, 14s per side, 1 ditto kid kangaroo, 14s per dozen, 2 ditto ditto, 16s, 2 ditto ditto 10s 10d, 2 ditto wallaby, 9s 6d, 2 ditto kangaroo, 9s, 1 bale roaas (large), 15s, 1 ditto ditto (small), 8s, 1 ditto basils, 12s per dozen, 1 ditto ditto, 8s, 2 bales kangaroo, 37s, 2 ditto roan, 24s, 3 ditto, CDV, 23 per lb. Hides: M&B;, 5 at 19s 3d ; M.B, 31 at 17s 6d ; J&B;, 50 at 15s per hide; 1 cask horse oil, 2a per gallon. — October 7. 