To the Editor ofthe Avoea Mail. Sir, — From your note at the foot .of Mr Nichol sons letter in your issue of the 29th ult., 1 gather that qne, and .only .one, .more letter on the subject of " Apostolic succession" will be admitted by you. As " Layman" has not replied, allow me, Sir, to answer some misstatements respecting myself in the letter Referred to,; which have giyen many .of ray congregation and myself much pain. But first left me state my .conviction rthgt no good .would arise . from a public discussion on.the subject' of apostolic succession in the Shire Hall, 'ana; therefore, I decline the inyitation which Mr Nicholson „ seems so anxious to force or persuade me into accepting. I think, however, it would hav(e been raqre.courte,- ous had he sent me this invitation, or given me notice of his intention to attack me for holding the doctrine, before the late Presbyterian tea meeting. If Mr Nicholson would study carefully the services of the English Church for the ordering of , priests and deacons, and consecrating of bishops, he would not longer deny that the doctrine in question is not one of my own inventing, but one of the universal visible church of Christ. I would especially com mend t.o his notice the preface, which distinctly affirms " that it is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture and ancient authors, that from the Apostles' time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church— bishops, priests and deacons ; but that no man shall be accounted or taken to be a lawful bishop, priest or deacon, or suffered to execute any of the said func tions, except he be galled, tried, examined, and admitted therturi'o, accordj. g ti the forms hereafter following, or hath had formerly Episcopal consecra, tion or ordination Mr Nicholson states that the Thirty-nine Articles of the Church of England contain no such dogma ; but if the dogma, or rather fact, is contained in the services alluded to, and if those services, ate acknowledged and con firmed by the Articles, the conclusion will follow that Mr Nicholson's statement is incorrect, ' The 23rd; Article states that only . those- who ale : lawfully called and sent may take upon "themselves the office of public preaching, or ministering the sapraments in the congregation; and the £6th states that those only are lawfully, rightly and orderly consecrated and ordered who have been admitted to their office according tq the rites of the above book of services. It may be true that certain 'Evangelical ministers in the English Church do not hold this doctrine," just as there are many Wesleyan ministers, who unlike Mr Nicholson, do not claim to he ministers with power to administer the sacraments, not having received this 'gift of the Holy Ghost by imposition of hands and prayer : but " exception proves the rule sometimes, and does not necessarily overturn it. And now, sir, I must contradict some statements about my own motives and conduct. I maintain that I have done nothing to justify or call for such an attack as that with which Mr Nicholson has fa voured me. I ha e, until now, during nearly six years' residence on the Avoca, lived amicably with minis ters and people of all denominations, it fceing my desire to avoid as n ucli as possible, painful, alterca tions and controversy. I have never proselyted from other churches knowingly ; hut, Sir, when I dis cover that certain YVesleyans, under the pretence of converting the thoughtless to God, seem only bent on drawing baptized souls from other churches to their own, J think it high time to remind the young proselytes of the sin they are guilty of in treating with contempt their own spiritual pastors, and ignoring certain solemn vows and promises made in baptism and confirmation. This I have done, amf" shall continue to do as opportunity per mit and circumstances require. I will only contradict one assertion more before I leave this painful subject. I have never, to my knowledge, told Mr Nicholson or anyone else that couples married by him or the Presbyterian minis ter have not been legally married. By inserting this letter in your next issue you will oblige, Sir, your obedient servant, E. K. YE ATM AN, M. A., Minister of the English Church, Avoca. St. John's Parsonage, November 7th, 187 