ON COLLECT FOR THIRD SUNDAY AFTER TRINITY. A hearty desire to pray is indeed a gift of God the Holy ?Ghost, and a gift that needs daily renewing. The reluctance of the unconverted man to prayer is quite natural; for as he does not recognise as his benefactor, or believe that prayer is heard or answered, it must be to him a wearisome ceremony ; but it is a fact, no less marvellous than grievous, that even the true Christian, who believes that God is, and that He is a rewarder of them that diligently seek Him, yet continues to find prayer his most difficult though most delightful duty, and oftentimes is unable to say with truth that he has even a hearty desire to pray. This is the language of Coleridge, and many will acknow ledge its truth — ' I do not reckon the most solemn faith in ?God as a real object the most arduous act of the reason and the will. Oh, no ! it is easy to pray, to pray as God would have us. This is what at times makes me turn cold to my soul. Believe me, to pray with all your heart and strength, with the reason and with the will; to believe vividly that God will listen to your voice, and verily do the thing He pleaseth thereon : this is the last, the greatest, achievement of the Christian's warfare upon earth. Teach us to pray, O Lord ! ' All the blessings that, in all the Christian centuries, have been poured upon the earth in answer to the daily offering up by its inhabitants of the Lord's Prayer are to be traced back to one simple petition — ' Lord, teach us to pray, as John also taught his disciples.' * Almost the last words of a dying pastor were these — ' Pray much, that you may be taught to pray more.' The hearty desire to pray must find expression in fervent prayer that He will farther teach us how to pray. ' For we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spirit maketh inter cession for us, with groanings which cannot be uttered ; and He that searcheth the heart knoweth what is the mind of the Spirit, because He maketh intercession for the saints accord ing to the will of God.'t ' Can thine or my groanings be called unutterable, when there are often none, when they are often cold ? But because there is no day, no moment, in which the saints supplicate not -God — one more, one less fervently — and all make one Dove; hence the unutterable groanings, namely, the groanings of each for all, which profit all them who are set in the body of Christ.'* The very difficulty increases the necessity for ' watching unto prayer ;' for though it be our highest enjoyment and privilege, it is none the less our duty towards God; and a necessity to ourselves — a necessity to the life of the soul, as breath is to the life of the body. [Extracted from Brief Meditations on the Collects, by ?Catherine A. M. Brougham, a manual of devout thought, written with much freshness and vigour of language, and breathing the very spirit of the framers of our liturgy.] 