? THE ASSISTANT ENGINEER. — A rumour has been current for some days that Mr. R. C. Patterson, Assistant Engineer and Resident Engineer of Railways, had received a notice that his services were not further required. We learn upon enquiry that no notice of the kind has been sent to him, and so far as we can ascertain this retrenchment is not contemplated by the Government. THE PARLIAMENTARY LIBRARIAN.—Mr. F. Halcomb has been appointed Parliamentary Librarian in succession to Mr. E. G. Blackmore. He was highly recommended to the Library Committees of the two Houses, and, acting r upon their advice, the Government intend gazetting his appointment this evening. THE LATE RACES.—The Stewards of the New Year's Day's races met at the Globe on Wednesday evening, and disallowed the protest against Gipsy Girl, the winner of the Steeplechase, and Bay Judy, the winner of the Trotting Race. RAILWAY FOR NABRACOORTE.—Sixty- five inhabitants of NarracOorte and its vicinity have thus tersely informed the Legislative Council by petition of the extent of their wishes with regard to railway communication:—" The memorial of the inhabitants of Narracoorte and its vicinity, humbly sheweth—That we the undersigned heartily rejoice at the prospect of a means of communication with the seaboard being provided at no distant date by means of a railway, and pray that your honourable House will give its sanction to a measure which will be the means of connecting us with a shipping port by the shortest possible route ; and, although we have no wish to oppose the wishes or requirements of any other portion of the South-East, we would state that all our wants will be fully met by a line of railway that will achieve this object. And your memorialists as in duty bound will ever pray," &c.; TEETOTALISM.—A well-attended temperance meeting was held on Wednesday evening, January 5, at Mr. Lewis's house, Glen Osmondroad. Mr. John Pepper presided, and Messrs. Long and Mudge spoke. A Band of Hope was established, and officers were appointed. A MAMMOTH FOOT.—"The present is the most genial season ever known in Hotspur," writes the local correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator, "and its succession of warm showers and bright sun- blinks suggests to the geologist a faint idea of the' Floral Period,' when shrubs and ferns achieved the magnitude of teak-trees. The result is that all the little potatoes have become big ones, and the big ones Brobdingnagian. The Crawford River, however, pursues the even tenor of its way, not in the least disturbed by these genial showers. It flows over a plain so level and uniform that its motion is scarcely perceptible, and yet during its wholo course, at distances of perplexing mathematical proportion, there are waterholes half a mile in circumference, of vast profundity, some of which defy the sounding line, and fill the geologist with wonder. From one of these holes a splendid fossil of the human foot complete woe lately taken, and is now in the possession of Mr. McEachern, innkeeper here. One wonders whether that foot trod in a pro-historic or pre-Adamito world; whether it was ever warmed by the lurid fire of Mouut Gambier, or carried a head whose eyes saw the elephantine wombat or kangaroo 26 feet high. At any rate, the fossil is composed of a stratum old enough for that period. ' Antiquity appears to have begun long after its primeval race was run.'" HOP-GROWING.—We believe there are indications of a magnificent yield of hops in Mr. Thomas Williams's experimental hop-yard, at Yahl Paddock, this year. The tradition in the English hop districts is that when the " Kinghop" makes its appearance, it is a sure sign of abundance. This indication is very prevalent among Mr. Williams's crop this year, and so very satisfactory results may be anticipated.— Mount Gambia- Standard. NEW GLASS PCMP.—We had an opportunity on Wednesday of inspecting a glass pump recently imported to order by Messrs. R. Dodgson and Son, of Leigh - street, who inform us that for seven years they have been trying to get one of this description, and that this, which was manufactured in London, is the first of the kind ever made. It is designed for the use of winegrowers, and m its construction metal has been used as little as possible, the only metallic portions being the outside case, which is of iron, and the brass bolts which connect the various parts. The glass barrel of four inches diameter is three-quarters of an inch in thickness, and is cemented into the case. The valve-balls are glass, the piston-rod of lignum vitas, and the remainder of the pump is of carved ebonite, the object being to prevent the liquor coming in •ontact with metal in any way. It is fitted with guttapercha suction and delivering pipe, with flanges of the same material, and altogether the invention is likely to prove very useful. WILLIAMS'S AUSTRALIAN ANNUAL.—We have received from Mr. W. A. Cawthorae & copy of this interesting publication. It is edited by Henry Kendall, and published by W. H. Williams, Elizabeth-street, Melbourne. The compiler has contrived to compress within 80 pages of letter-press a very good variety of interesting readable matter in prose and verse. There are ghost stories, tales of love and romance, music, lots of "Christmas chaff," conundrums, puns, enigmas, and other amusing menjs, together with five or six pictorial illustrations—tragic, comic, and sentimental. It is just the sort of publication for reading hy a family party assembled at Christmas around the family hearth, THE ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.—On enquiry we learnt that Jacobs, who cut his throat at the London Inn on the 4th instant, was progressing well. WELL ACCIDENT. — At Mount Gambier little girl, from the lid falling in, dropped down a well 90 feet deep. Her father followed down the rope and saved her, without her having sustained any serious injury. EAST-END MARKET,—A meeting of friends and supporters of the East-End Market, held on Wednesday evening at the York Hotel, was numerously attended. Mr. G. F. Hussey presided, and several resolutions were unanimously carried, the principal being that a petition, signed by citizens and the public generally, should be presented immediately to Parliament to prevent any arbitrary and obnoxious interference with the market. EARLY CLOSING.—On Tuesday evening, 4th Januuary, a meeting of drapers' assistants of Port Adelaide was held to consider a movement in favour of early closing. There was a numerous attendanoe, and a deputation was formed to wait upon the employers respectfully requesting them to close their respective establishments at an earlier hour than at present, viz., 9 o'clock p.m. The meeting adjourned to receive the report of the result. ACCIDENT.—On Wednesday afternoo*-, Jan. 5, an accident occurred to Harry'Healey, eight years old, who was playing with others in Charles-street, Norwood, and jumped from a shed, six or seven feet high, rather heavily. This broke his right leg just below the knee. Dr. Scott was immediately sent for, and he ordered the little fellow's removal to the Hospital, where he is now progressing favourably. We are informed that the boy's leg was broken in the same place some time ago. INQUEST AT POST ADELAIDE. —Mr. G. W. Hawkea, S.M., held an inquest at the Court- House, Port Adelaide, on Wednesday, January 5, upon the body of Frederick Davis, a seaman belonging to the Yatala, found drowned the f ^ ^ l o d y ^ T J Z t tKffi&SS; the water upon his tumling w i ^ a . rope 'ZZZZaZ* attached to his barge. John Hines and Charles Anderson, ~ seamen of the Yatala, deposed to having seen deceased in the forecastle about 3.30 on Sunday morning, when he appeared to be suffering from the effects of drink. He was missed at 5 o'clock, and information given immediately. The Jury returned a verdict of. accidentally drowned. MURNINNIE COMPANY.—At the extraordinary general meeting of the Murninnie Bismuth and Copper-Mining and Patent Smelting Company on Jabuary 5 no business was transacted, as there was not a quorum. It therefore stands adjourned until 2 p.m. to-day, in pursuance of clause 10 of the deed of settlement. CONTRACTORS IN PARLIAMENT.—Mr. Bright intends making careful provision that persons having a suspicion of an interest in Government contracts other than as members of a Company shall be excluded from a seat in Parliament. To effect this object, he has given notice of the following clause to be inserted in the Electoral Bill, as forming one of the disqualifications of candidatesfor legislative honours:—"Anyperson who shall, directly or indirectly, himself, or by any person whatsoever in trust for him, or for his use or benefit, or on his account, undertake, execute, hold, or enjoy in the whole or in part, or be concerned or interested in, or participate or claim, or be entitled to participate in the profit of any contract or agreement, for or on account of . the public service, shall be incapable of being elected or of sitting or voting as a member of the Legislative Council or House of Assembly during the time heshall execute, hold, orenjoy anysuch contract, or any part or share thereof, or any benefit or emolument arising from the same: Provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend to any contract or agreement made, entered into, or accepted by any incorporated Company or any trading Company, consisting of more than six persons, where such contract shall be made, entered into, or accepted for the general benefit of such incorporated or trading Company as to any lease, licence for occupation, sale or purchase of any land, or to any agreement for such lease, sale, or purchase, orfor the occupation of such land, or for any easement therein, or for the loan of money, or to any security for the payment of money only: Provided also that if any person being a member of such Legislative Council or House of Assembly shall enter into any such contract or agreement, or having entered into it shall continue to hold it, his seat shall thereupon become vacant." THE MYSTIC NUMBERS.—On Tuesday evening, January 4, the Rev. S, Cozens concluded his lecture on "666" in the Norwood Union Baptist Chapel. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. D. Fisher, M.P , presided. The lecture was largely Baxterian, as may be gathered from the following summary. Some had said that Louis Napoleon was the man of sin. He was a great mystery, and the most impassible being in the world. They could see him adjusting his 10 fingersover the 10 kingdoms of the apocalyptic earth, and exclaiming in triumph—"See this great Babylon which I have built." There were exactly 10 crowned heads as guests of Napoleon at the International Banquet at Paris, and if that was not a prophetic coincidence it was suggestive to students of prophecy. While kings were gathering round the throne of France, priests, bishops, and cardinals of Rome were congregating at the Vatican. It was possible that as the first Napoleon created kings, so the third Napoleon might create the ten toes — the decem-regal kingdom out of the universal anarchy of tho coming revolution. Napoleon was an unwavering believer in fate, and had an unskaken confidence in the accomplishment of the high decrees of Heaven concerning himself. That he was seen by John in Patmos in political panorama the lecturer considered as clear as the light, and that he was destined to do a great work a thousand tongues bore witness. He seemed to be morally adapted for the horrors of Armageddon. Napoleon HI., like his uncle, was never crowned by the Pope. By the last mail news was received of the Emperor having SO,000 troops in and around Paris were they to protect his person or promote peace on earth. "The King of Babylon stood at the parting of the way." Mystical Babylon was Rome; Napoleon, and not the Pope, was now the political ruler of Rome and her destinies. Napoleon had been standing for years at the parting of the way between the King of Italy and the Pope of Rome. Some said that Louis by descent was an Arab. The Pope was to have crowned him, the day was fixed, but His Holiness never came; hence the Emperor of to-day was as much the self- imposed Monarch of the French as his uncle. He passed from the Republic to the throne through a sea of innocent blood, the voice of which cried to Heaven for vengeance. He was virtually King of Rome, and there was every prospect of his being acknowledged King of Israel. A French author derived the name Napoleon from the Greek verbs apoleo, apoleon, signifying to kill or exterminate; and the Greek prefix N or Ne, one of the greater affirmatives, equivalent to veritable. Hence it followed that Napoleon signified the veritable exterminator. The lion of the thicket, speaking with the mouth of a lamb, in reply to the address of 53 foreign Commissioners of the Paris Exhibition, said:—"Like you, we shall ever remember with pleasure this great international festival. As representatives of the principle of labour in all parts of the universe, you have been able to acquire the conviction that all civilized nations now tend to form a single family." It is worth considering that as Napoleon is the name of a Roman saint it can be taken by a future Pope. There are not a few who believe that a Napoleon will be Pope as well as Emperor. A great step towards this end was taken when Prince Lucien Bonaparte was created a Cardinal with great splendour, indeed with exceptional honours, and had S? „. P as the suocessor of Pio eQ Nino s Q k when e n o f his troubled reign shall be closed by death. Who that saw the fallen Emperor pacing like a shackled tiger the prison ground of St. Helena could have conjectured the restoration of his dynasty? If the present Emperor was the restored head then dreadfully important events were to happen, and might be said to already cast their shadows before. In the history of modem times there were few examples of men who had passed ttirough greater changes than the present Kmperor. Born in a palace, for a while the heir-presumptive of the greatest monarch in Europe, he was thrown headlong from his high estate, and condemned in obscurity and exile to associate with sons of farmers and tradesmen Napoleon the Great's zenith was when he placed his senior brother Joseph on the throne of Spain, and from that point might be dated the decline of the first dynasty After glancing at battles in which Nap lean Bonaparte was engaged, and of his fail, the lecturer referred briefly to Francis Charles Joseph Napoleon, the son of Napoleon the First and Marie Louise. After the abdication an attempt was made to proclaim him Emperor, but it was abandoned. He died shortly after attaining his 21st year of consumption. Charles Louis Napoleon was the third son of Lwis Bonaparte, King of Holland. After enduring many vicissitudes, and being compelled to fly to America, and then back again to France, he went to England and lived the life of a fashionable lounger, and wrote his " Napoleonic Ideas." He returned to France^ wap imprisoned for shooting a soldier, but escaped to London. In 1S4S he was permitted to return, and was chosen Deputy of a province, and subsequently President of the Republic for three years. In 1851, when the three years were drawing to a close, he dis olved the National Assembly. By an overruling providence, the lecturer considered, he had chosen to be designated by the very name which fulfilled the requirements of prophecy. Had he been called Charles Bonaparte, who could have found a clue to the numeral names? His Latip name Louis (Ludovicus) contained exactly the mystic numbers 606\. More marvellous was the coincidence.. that the two names Louis Napoleon in Greek characters also amounted to 666. Thus his separately, and his names conjointly, names .' e a Ve the number of the aoooalvntic beast, At ^ ^ ^ ^ ° music. f 