MACCLKSFIELD. i From «ur own 13orreBpondent j January 4. The favorable weather of late has enabled the farmers to make great progress in harvest ing* Tbe -crops, [ atn so»-ry to sa-r, will be much belnw the average whfch. was at one time anticipated. Su II the yield will lie much better than the crops on the phius in some ; parts. The potato crop will not be anything like equal to expectations, bat what there is will be pretty good. There has been a brisk demand within the last few days in Macciesfield for empty -caskfl. Had there been many in ihe township, i believe they would have realised an enormous price. I cannot enlighten you as to the cause of such a sudden demand for them, but have no doubt if any of ycur friends at Strath - albyn have auy to dispose of, they would find a ready sale for them here. If you were to pay a visit to our tor.iiship. you would be sure to be met with the question, ** Have you any empty casks for sale ?' It is euch a strange event that it has caused general interest, and 'all are anxious ib speculate. I wcut into a store the other 4ay, and I w*s told that ft gentleman, who was «« a stranger.,1' had been in and asked if thev could inform him where he could meet with anr empty .casks, mid, as must have naturally been expected, he was directed to the two pubs, It is quite possible »n agency may be ^stabHslieti iiere, as the gentleman is likely to stay some time in the place before he gets what he requires. Some of our townsfolk also this week have heard very etrange and unearthly sounds in the ; night, and more especially during the ilme. when ghosts are generally neeo. One man says he saw a strange-looking monster staud iug iu the middle of a potatoe garden star gazing. He says he could not say whether it was the ghostof an empty cask or whether it was a natural pvduction of the eclipse. Others speak of hai'insr saen strange looking beings along the banks of the creek, a:,d round about the park lands, evidently, I should think, courting the muses iu the mid night hour. Now, Mr Editor, you will, I think, acknow ledge that these are strange events to trans pire at the same time in our quiet little town. Why, we never heard of such a thing when we had police protection, and it is hard indeed if people must be frightened to death in this way in the absence oi police. Even an tx trooper would be better than none. 1 believe myself that the empty casks and this ghost affair are intimately and inseperably con nected. By ihe next time I write I may be able to explain tbe matter. 