1 TURF GOSSIP. Tub iata New Tear's Races, under the auspices of Tatter. BoU'a Club, h«.ve not been brought to a close without ex pression* Of dissatisfaction, in which Mr. Winch's natnn dm been Very freely mentioned in reference to the Baron's performance* in the raceB for TnttereaH'B Cup and New xear*B Gift, In the former he was weighted at 7 st 12 lbs, and the distance was two nrilea; in the latter hs carried 7 st 10. lbs, not quite a mils and a half. Ha last ' the -Cup, ; and. he won the Gift;- and those who have lost their ,. money cannot imagine that' the bonus can honestly in both noes. It is, douMIrss, .a -misfortune that everybody cannot win ;. but it is a still greater misfortune that sons of those who lose cannot do «o with a good grace, bat must needs attribute their Ipu to tbe dishonesty of somebody elso. The' present Writer has declared war to the knife with the per petrators of any swindle which may occur on the Sydney Turf ; but, is order to be jost, it is his duty to state what he believes to be the case where he conceives everything has Leon fair and above board. Now in the matter of the Baron in the race for Tattersall's Cup, it is the writer's opinion that he had not the ghost of a chance from more, causes than one.. .In the first place, the horse was unwell oatiewTear'^ Day and not fit to run; and in the next place, the weight he carried, as compared with that parried by other horses in the came race, was too much for him. The Earl find Photo ran second and third in both races— the TattersaU'e Cup and the New Year's Gift-in the former beating Baron, who was absolutely last, and in the latter, in their turn, being beaten by him. This at first blush looks queer, bnt when all the circumstances ere token into consideration, it will be found that there is really nothing At all extraordinary in the matter.' An againBt Baron's 7 st 12 lbs in the race for TattersaU's Cup, Ptobo only carrfed.8 et 7 Ibsyand the Earl only 7 et 6 lb- ; but ia the Nw.jyear'e Gift, Baron only carried 7 st 10 lbs, 'while Phoabe had 9 et on her back, and the Earl 8 st 2 lbs. It was, therefore, not at all strange that Mr. Winch's horse made 0 much better race of it on the second day than he did on the first. Fault has been found with Mr. Winch 'for not scratching; the Baron for TattersaU's Cup on the ground that (he horse had no chance of winning, but he justifies himself., by saying that as many persons had backed his horse, he considered himself in doty bound to give them a run for their money ; and, moreover, Mr. Winch— notwithstanding ,tho horse's nnfltaess— thought there vac just a probability of his winning. It has been broadly hinted that the horse was unnecessarily pulled in the raoe' for , the Cup ia. order that he might have a light handicap for the New Year's Gift ; but it is the writer's opinion, as well as the opinion of manv. other pBr eons who watched the race narrowly, that, after the tiret mile and a quarter the Baron was completely ' pumped ' out. That hie state after the New Year's Gift race was very different to what it was after the contest for the Cup wasfstent jjo frerybody, and it is only fair to accept Mr. ?Winch's explanation that the horse had been bled between the two events, 'and that the blood-letting had relieved him from a tendency to choke. Turf matters in the other colonies are pretty much -n the same Btate as they have been for some time past. In Vic toria, the Auttrduuisn has taken a decided stand against the malprnotices that have of late disgraced the Turf ia that celopy, and, having honour and honesty and justice on their eidei they must succeed in the long run in patting down the swindles of which eo much has been said and written within the last Cow ' weeks. There are persons who have the temerity to argue that it is quite justifiable for the owners of racehorses to become book makers, and for bootmakers to become the owners of race horses. They also contend that it is not only justifiable, but perfectly honest, for such bookmakers to make their bets in such a manner that they cannot lose ; in other words, when they have .laid lots of money against their own animals, to take the necessary steps to. prevent them from winning. This Is Turf morality with a vengeance ; fcut it cannot be permitted to last long, and the dav is not * far distant when we ehall see a revolution in racing matters. There it every reason to believe that the Victoria Racing Club intends to take very stringent measures in order te prevent a recurrence of the trickery and dishonesty that have se recently disgusted the real patrons ef the Turf— the public . . ' . The New Year's Day Bsces at Fleming-ton, nnaer Ihe auspices of the Y.K.C., were a great suocess . in every respect, the attendance being very large, and the racu%, according to 'Playboy,' being 'all square and above board so far as the public knew. This is, so far, eetiafactoryi end it is. to be hoped that the outspoken oritimams which., have appeared, relative to some of the ring, fiaveTad the effect of putting a 'stopper' on some oftheir little games. The people of Launoeston have determined upon having their annual raoe meeting this year; bat, as there appears to lie an insuperable difficulty to be got over, there will, most likely, be no Champion' Race. One section of, the ?porting worU are ia favour of nuking it a weight- for-age raoe, while others are in favour of a handicap. The former base their objection to a handicap race, no doubt, on the liability to swindling ; while the latter argue, with reason, that in a weight- for-age race the field of horses would be exceedingly small, and would be left entirely to two or three of the cracks of the day. The races will take place at the. latter «nd, of next month, and we may expect to Bee the programme almost Immediately* 4 By the way, 'Playboy' seems to be very doubtful sbout the time in which TattersalTs Cup Kace was run on New Year's Day. He says .-—'I see that the telegrams state that the time was 3 mtn. 43 sees., or 5 sees, shorter than the Barb's time.' This information is almost as inter esSngf unreliable as tie description of the New Year's Gift, in whiph it is stated it was a very fine race, there being half a iittetue between the Baron and the Earl, first ana second.' By this time ' Playboy ' will have ascertained that «ha time is correctly recorded with reference to Tat tersaU's Cup, andthat he has either mistaken the telegram about the New Year's Gift, or that the mistake was the operator's. The race was won by half a length, not half a distance. Mr. Winch's hone would be the fastest on the Tnrfif be had achieved such a victory. Nothing baa been done yet about the defaulting book maker, and several interested members ef Tatterssjl's are asxtaisly waiting for the first move. Nobody seems to like taking the initiative. The Club, however, cannot be expected to move in a matter of which they have receiwd no offiaial notification. In another column appears a report of the annual meet ing of the Australian Jockey Club; and, considering aU thing*, the committee's report is highly satisfactory. There is one matter, however, that has been the subjeot ef comment, and that is the non-publication of the treasurer's balance sheet This is accounted for on the ground that tbe Jsckey Club ia ? private association of gentlemen, and that their flnM'^! condition ia of no publio importance. Tub ia, no doubt, true ; but it is also true that out of 316 members more own nine-tenth* of them are unable to attend (he annual Meetings of the club, and they would be very clad to see whether their afltirs are flourishing or not, even if they got the information through the columns of a newspaper. The folloirinf is the state of the betting market in Sydney :— SvDKEr Cor. 6 to 1 v. Tim Whlffler . 7 to 1 v. Charon WDtoBv.Koeebud 100 to 8tr. Circassian ..- . , . lOOto&KfJamn.; St. Leoee. . 2 to I v, Cham (off) \- ? 4toJy.B»rbsriMi(off). DOVBLB EVKNTS. : ' Si. XiBobu mid Stone y Cor. 600 to JO T.Charon and Tim Whiflier ; 600 to aOv. Barbarian and TiaaWbifflen ? . «»to 10 t. Charon and Eosebud, 606 to 10 v. Barbarian and Boeebud , . 600 to 16 v.MoseHe and Moselle . ? , ' . 600 to 6 v.Charon and Al. , . Inybkbi/l Races.— There were some excellent racw at Invcroll on Boring Day, - The first t-aoa, the Maiden Plate of £10, one mUn and a half,, was won by Mr. Miller's forester, Mr. Flynn's Countess being eeoond'; four horses started. The 'Christmas Box of £10, 2 miles, would hive bees won by Mr. Wood's Shamrock, Mary Ann 'being (second, but Shamrock tm disqualified for jostling. Mr.. Tattam's Wildroke won the Members' Porseof £6,«nd Ciudrclla won the CoMolaaonBtakee of 8 sovereigns. - '. Nihitiiikhe Ankuai JiACES.— These races came off on the 28th and 29th Dtoember ; there was a very good Bttendunoe. Tbe ilaiden Plate of £10 was won by Air. Byland's Gil Was, Oar KeD second; Sailer third. ' The Publicans' Purse of .10 guineas— four horses started: gamjjson came in first, Cadwallader seoond. The Ladies' Purse of 8 sovoreigni was won by Tomboy, Bsinbow secoDj. On the decond day the Town Plato of £16 was won itj Smuggler,' beating Ealnbow : only these two horses etarted. Then were two or three other small races, which were rerygomdy contested. Raobb at Oabino. — The cuitomary Christmas races came eft' on Boxing Day. Thorewere eight events; and although (he prizes were small, a good deal of interest was AUuufeBted tn (he various contests, i»iy Theresa won tbe' Mnirttn Pla'r ; Hard Times, Hi1* Ohriftmmi Gift ; Nicholu, ibcTunPl.ic, Kiugict, tht Wolwr K«ca ; Darkie, tan ('ODF'i).'iun fcLukii,; and Lady Thoroaa, the Forced IlHTIlticBD. tliic-Kh at Ti.mut.— Onthefilnt. of Dsccmb»r, a match for jCjO wim run bilaecn Mr. C. liujV c iu Jo*pbino aod Mr. T. Douni- jja b r Firebnll, c»ch currying 9 atone ; diKtnDc-, (wo uilea. ,Tbe, mmch wan won by J.^epafne by hIkiui hnlf a length. 'A handicap of £S, 1 mi); wu thea ri'ti fur, nnd won by Mr. Modipin's Uorn, Emprets 2- Hny Homing S. A- number of hfick menu, uuil hurry i-kurrfcH Wi ro nlbo gut up, and a very plcanaut day's sport vat liruupbt to a omcluVioD about, 6 o'clock. Iwo-Mile Creek .Baceh.— The Annual raoo meeting at 1 wo-mile Crcnk, near AJbury, came off ou tne 6ta wetenu There was very good atMDdance, and the .rape* were considered cxwllent. The Maiden Plate of£10, 1J iiiilc, wn won by l'uroquet, Light of Dawn being eec md. ^fk u'ber horses Martxl. Town PJateof £16, two miles : SHtdlitii, l;New Cbum, 2; Tarragut, 3. T«ro other ??burwn also started. Hurdle . Base of £3, over 6 leapt of 3 fret 6 it-obi»-. Placet,-/ 1; Smallbanea, 2 ; Benin, S. Tout other horbefeturted: Two other miadr riui brought lbEday- fporl,to-a«ati(-factory ooBolanon. -. . . . Adei»kc Races.— The races. st Black Spring Creek come vff on tie &?& January, and were .very ^OAoesiful. rThe principal events were the Maiden PUte of JGJ.0, and thehcvt Year'« Gift of £16* The former WM Won.iiy. Dora, «nd the latter by Cuaugo. .There weresevoal other. Mjinied liulo ruces, and lbs day's eportwaa bwughttoa cIum; shortly before sundown.'- - ' ? ? . . ' Manaeo Jockey Club. — Ameet\n(r«f the members of (he ilttparo Jocfcry Club was held- at the Ceoma Hotel on Monday sf (ernoon. Mr. W. WaUaoe was voted to the chair, end explained to those present the object for which the meeting bad been called, viz., to draw up a programme for.'(he'rj(-xl Cooma'snsoal meerisg. A lew alieratiiius wt-re considered ; for the Publlcam' Purse, as la,st year, wa- substituted the Prince Alfred Stakes, a silver cup presented by Mr. 0. Cohen, with £2$ added by the Club. ? An alter! - ' tiun wbb also made in the next raoe ; laet year it was culled tlie' Belling (Stakes, and a desire by several «port«mou to have a hurdle race was expressed; ftie'Selliug Stakes wt* aboJiebtJ, and «he Hurdle Jlace substituted. A/fcligat but -yet important amendraeat was made in the second raoe of ihe second day, viz., the Squatters' Purse for diatrict*bred boitses. i There eeemed to be some objection to this eraat,. it bting assigned that only one sportsman— Mr. W. Cos jtrove— in the district took the trouble and care of breeding horses. This might have been correct eonie lime ' ego, but we think the March meeting, 1870\. wiU brine a large field ofdistrict-bred horses out for the Sqttatters' Purse, and a few for the Maiden Plate. For theSq uatters' Parse, however, it was deemed advisable to iewrt tbe word 'electoral,' thereby excluding Bega and Qucanbtyan for 'the event. The Town Plate this year h*» ' been increased by £10, and there is every reason to antici pate a cplendid field for this event. For the Prinoe Alf red Stakes a nomination fee of £ I each horse must be sent to Mr. C. Solomon, Oooma, on or before the let Maroh next, to allow the stewards to declare die weight* by the 1th March, ^hereby giving owners a little time to prepare for the weight allotted their horses. The prospects of the Monaro Jockey Clob are every year ?becoming more promising, anS it is pro bable Ihe Town Plate for 1871 will be at least £100. wiiha proportionate increase iu the other prizes. On Monday, and at » meeting; held on the 'following Wednesday, four new members were ballutted for and accepted, viz. :— M«esrs. E.'N.'Bowley, J. J. Howell, i. Connor, and' N. Powell - Each of thGEo gentlemen are true f portsmen, and have some good horpee, with which they will doubtless have a «hy at the next meet for some of the events. — Monaro Mercury. 