CORRESPONDENCE. INFANT BAPTISM. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Sir, — I havo to thank the Vonemblo Archdeacon Lillingston for tho indication of his views on baptism with which ho has been pleased to fuvour us. Ho believes, ho tolls lis, that, grace \s liostowod on or conveyed lo an lnlnnt m or by tho rito of baptism, but nt the same time ho can not shut tiis eyes to the/net that most, if not all, v baptised infants grow up to ail appearance just as wo may imagino they would bad that, rito novor been performed on them: He, therefore, prudontlj- qualifies his boliof by saying that it is not invincible grace. I confess that I am nr t thoologinn onough to draw vory clearly tlio dis tinction botweon some grace and invincible grace. Grace is ono of thoso conveniently vague terms which theologians aro so fond of employing, nnd is used in an almost ondloss variety of meanings; but if by the term we aro to understand somo change of nnturo wrought in, or somo degroo of holiness imparted to, its snbjoct, and if Wo aro to boliovo that this is mysteriously convoyed to nil infants at thoir baptism, then I say wo may reasonably expect to seo somo development of it in aftor lifo. In our ovory day oxporionco wo fail to find any such development., and ivo rend that Simon Magus, when but rocontly Imptisod, was nddressod by Peter — "Thou hnst noithor part nor lot in this matter, for thy hoart is not right in tho sight of Godj" mid prononnced by bim to bo still "in the gall of bitterness and the bond of iniquity." What deduction can bo logititnnloly drawn from this but that the outward ceremony avails nothing, is, in fact, worthless, or worse, without tlio inward preparation of the soul, " the heart right in the sight of God." Tho Venorablo Archdeacon does not bring forward any passage of Scripturo directly in support of his views, but indulges us with a few remarks on tho iinportanco nnd obligation of nil divinely established ordinances, all of which I thoroughly ondorso, and which no one disputes. Ho next ondoavours to draw some indirect sup port for his theory from tlio fact of baptism being montioned in conjunction with remission of sins in Teton's sermon, Acts ii., 33, "Repent and bo bnptisod evoi-y one of you in tho nnrno of Jesus Christ for, the remission of sins," Ac. But lie must not separate ropentnnco from baptism; thoy wore to repent first, and bo baptised afterwards. Tlint being the ap pointed means of openly avowing' their firm belief in Christ, by so doing nil who truly be lieved" would roccivo remission of their sins. Read in conjunction with this passage Acts iii., 19, wlioro Potor, in his next sermon, enforcing tho sumo truth, says, " Repent yc, therefore, and bo converted, that yoursins may be blotted out." The postlo bore makes no mention of baptism, which, if essentially necessary to salvation, he would scarcely omit. Tho passage quotod by tho Archdeacon, twist and. turn ii as yon may, dooti not help his theory in tho slightest dogroe, unless ho is prepared to assert that baptism, per se, confers remission of sins, a length to which I think ho will hardly go. I know tlmt ho will at once admit that that inostimablo blessing is to bo obtained only through faith in Christ, and that this is tho only condition at tached to it in Scriptnre. Ae to -the connection between baptism and tho pftof tho Holy Ghost, it is ovidont that tho one in no way depended on the othor. In tho case of Cornelius and bis housohold, ivo find thoy received tho Holy Ghost heforo thoy were baptised, and that Peter actually mndo use of that fact as ail argument or justification for thoir baptism. Acts x., 47. "Can nny man forbid wntor thnt thoso should not b'o baptised, which havo received tho Holy Ghost ns well ns wo." Hero wo hnvo a number of persons thoroughly converted to Christ, and whose conversion was tostifiod to by a direct iiiirnciilons manifestation from heavon previous to their baptism. Aro wo to believe that thoir sins wero not pardoned, or thoir salvation wns not compluto before tho outward rito was administered ? In writing thus I hnvo no desire to make light of or uiiflerviiliio tho ordinance of baptism. God forbid that I should be guilty of so doing. I dosiro to view it in tlio light in which it is exhibited in Scripture. I view it as nn ordinaiico I of Christ, nnd therefore incumbont on all Christians. I view it ns the nppointnd means of making u solemn nnd public profession of faith in Christ, nnd I hold the latter to bo indispensably necessary to its right reception. Thoso viows I boliovo to bo in accordance with Scripturo, nnd I am prepared to maintain them from that infallible guide and only rule of faith nnd manners ; lint on a matter of such import ance I rofnso to accept ns an authority t.ho tradi tions of tho Church or its practice, however anciont— a Church which has transformed tlio holy nntl solemn ordinanco which our Lord ap pointed in commemoration of his vicarious suf ferings into a rito repugnant alike to renson nnd revelation. It appears to mo that Paul, with more than his usual lucidity, tersely sums up tho wholoquostion in Romans .v., 9th nnd 10th vorsos, "If those thnt confess with thy mouth tho Lord Josns, and shall boliovo in thine hnnrt that God hath raised him from tlio dead, thou shall be saved, for with tho hoart man bolioveth unto righteousness, and with tlio mouth confession is made unto salvation. For tho Scripturo saith whoso holievoth on him shall not bo ashamed." Holding those views I do not consider ns nt all remarkable tho prominence given to baptism in tho Acts of tho Apostles. Wo everywhere road of converts being bnptisod, but wo nowhere find anything to load us to regard baptism ns nn opus operation by which grace is magically bo- stowed, nor do wo find anything which fairly interpreted indientos that infants woro ndmittod to that rito. I cannot now on largo on this lattor point, but should my respected friend tho Arclidoacon dosiro to ongngo in a friendly discussion on tho snbjoct I shall bo happy to assist in carrying it on. Ho assets that the practico originated with the Apostles. If so, surely thero caii bo littlo dif ficulty in proving it, from Scripture. Till ho does this I tako luavo to maintain tho contrary. — I am. Ac.. a'- LAYMAN. 