TOWN AND COUNTRY. Convalescence of Judge Simpson. — We are happy to be in a position to state that his Honer Mr. District Court Judge Simpson is again convalescent. Prot- osed New Wesletan College.— A public breakfast to initiate the building fund of tbe_ pro posed new Weeleyan College at Stanmore, was held in the Mestnio Hall yesterday morning. About 200 persons sit down to tea. The Rev. G. Hurst, president of the Con ference, presided over tho puhlio meeting. Nearly £2000 were subscribed in the room towards the object in view. ATTEMPT TO CAUSE A RAILWAY ACCIDENT. — The Gazette of Tuesday contains an announcement that the Government will give a reward of £20 to any party who will give euch information as shall lead to tho apprehen sion and conviction of the person or persons who, on the 22nd March last, maliciously placed s piece of iron clued b "chair" on one of the rails of the permanent way on the 'Western line, between Bowenfels and 'Wallerawang, near the Morangaroo tunnel. Funeral of the Late Mr P. L. Cloete. — The remains of the late Mr P. L. Cloete, Water Police Magistrate, were deposited in their last resting place, on the 8th instant. The mournful cortege moved from the late residence of the deceased gentlemen in Castle- reagh-street, shortly before 3 o'clock, the following being the order of the procession: — First came the hearse containing the body, and drawn by four horses; then two mourning coaches, in which were Captain McLerie, Inspector-General of Police, and the Hon. Charles Cowper, Premier of New South Wales. These were followed by a party of water police, on foot, under the command of senior-sergeant Ferris, and about twenty-one carriages brought up the rear. The procession took the follow- ing route:— Along Castlereagh-street, down Liver- pool-street, and up George- street to the Mortuary station, Redfern, from whence the body was conveyed by train to Haslem Creek, and from the station there it was carried to the grave by four of the water police. The Rev. Mr Rich, minor canon, read the burial service in a very impressive manner. Among the gentlemen who as- sembled to take part in the mournful proceedings, and thereby show their respect for the memory of the deceased we noticed Captain Hixson, Captain Shorter, Captain Eldred, Mr Fosbery, Captain McLerie, Hon. Charles Ccwper, and a large number of magistrates and other gentlemen. Transactions of the Royal Society. — A well printed journal of the proceedinge of the Royal Society for 1868 has been issued among the members. It contains all the papers read before the .society during that year, which are of considerable importance. They were printed at the time of delivery in the Herald, They are now all placed together in a convenient form for reading crreferenoe, ana are prefaced by the opening address of one of the Vice-Presidents, Mr. G. R. Smallej. The papers ere ae follows :— On the Value of Earth Temperatures, by George R. Smalley, Esq., B.A., F.R.A.S , Vice President; on the Improvements effected in Modern Museume in Europe and Australia, bv Gerard Kreffc, Esq., F.L.S., C.M.Z.S., Curator of the Sydney Museum ; on tne Hospital Requirements of Sydney, by Alfred Roberts, Esq. ; on the Causes end Phenomena of Earthquakes, especially in relation to ehocks felt in Australia, by the Rev. W. B. Clarke, M.A., F.G.S., &c.;, Vice- President ; on the Water Supply of Sydney, by Professor Smith, M.D. ; Re sults of Wheat Culture in New South Wales daring the lest ten years, by Christopher Rolleston, Esq. ; Re narks on the Dry Earth System of Conservancy, by Edward Bedford, Esq., F.R.C.S. ; on pauperism in New South Wales*-paet, present, and future, by Alfred Roberts, Esq. Female Servants Training Institution. — The adjourned meeting of the committee of this institution was held on Monday afternoon, in the Magistrates' room at the -Central Police Offioe. The following gentlemen were present : The Rev. Dr. Lang, in the chair, the Rev. Canon Stephen, the Rev. W. J. K. Piddington, Captain Scott, Dr. Charles, Messrs. E. F. Scstt, J. Vickery, J. Davis, G. Lucas, H. B. Lee, Wise, Evans, Hnrpby, T. T. Jones, and Ives. Captain Scott informed the committee that he had received from Captain Beresford a note, which he would read ' My dear Captain Scott— His Excellency and Lady Belmore desire me to eay that it will give them great pleasure to be patron and patroness of the institution, for the education of girle ae servants, you are endeavouring to establish and that they wish you every success in the undertaking. Yours very truly, &o;,' Captain Scott stated also that the committee of the Masonic Hall had intimated their willing ness to allow the tree use of their edifice for any meeting in connection with this institution if it be held in the day time ; if at night a charge would be made. The secretary, Mr. Lee, then read a circular prepared by him in accordance with the resolution of committee. The several paragraphs were reviewed seriatim, and amended for publication. Captain Scott was appointed the permanent chairman of committee, and was requested to acknowledge Captain Beresford's letter, and a committee was appointed to make arrangements for a public meeting. The Unemployed — A meeting of the unemployed was held on Hyde Park on Monday evening. About 200 persons were present. Mr. W. Jennett Baid he had been invited by a number of persons who waited npon him to convene this meeting, and spoke at considerable length, relating to the distress existing amongst the working classes. Mr. J. J. Hunt moved the first resolution ' That this meeting— having in view the alarming distress at present existing amongst the working classes, think it ie the hounden duty of the Government to at onoe commence the reclaiming of Blackwattle Swamp, or other public works.' Mr. Hunt spoke for a considerable length of time, and was repeatedly and loudly cheered. The resolution was seconded, and car ried unanimously. Mr. Thomas moved the Becoud resolu tion— 'That this meeting viewa with apprehension and alarm the expressed intention of Government to introduce pauper immigration from the public funds.' The resolu tion was seconded and carried as before. Mr. Stack moved the third resolution,—' That a deputation wait on the Colo nial Secretary, and present two petitions — one in favour of having public works oommenced on the co- operative prin ciple, and the other against any further immigration.' The resolution was seoonded, and carried as before. The meet ing adjourned. The Proposed Cattle sale Yards — At the invitation of the Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Walter Benny), the Hon. John Hay, Mr. J. B. Bundle, Mr. Massie, Mr. W. R. Cox, Mr. W. Clark, Mr. Themas Dawson, and several of the alder dermen of the city attended at the Towu-hallon Monday, to take into consideration the amendments which were made in the Cattle Sale Yards Bill in the Legislative Assembly on Friday night last. The Mayor explained that the Corporation had not taken action in this matter with the view of benefiting ite own re \- venues ; but Jhe desirability of establishing sale yards had been forced npon the Municipal Council by cattle dealers, vendors of cattle, and the wholesale and retail butchers of Sydney for so long a time past, that the Corporation had at last been induced to take the matter up, in the belief that by so doing they would be conferring a benefit npon the community. A bill was prepared to enable the Corporation to establish the yards. The second clause of the bill, when introduced into the Legislative Assembly read as follows :— -- From end after the day of there .shall be paid to the Municipal Council of the oity of Sydney by the owner of every head of stock brought to any puce within the boundaries of the said oity fer slaughter, or.brought to any place for sale thereat within the distanoe of twenty miles from the said boundaries, the several fees and charges set forth and specified by by-laws to be made by the said Council, under the provisions hereinafter con tained. And computing any distance under this section, that point in the proclaimed boundary line of the said city, shall be token as a starting point which shall bs nearest in a direct line to the place where any cattle shall bs so brought respectively as aforesaid.' This clause was altered in such a way in the Legislative Assembly as to confine the power of the Corporation to levy-fees* within ten miles of the city boundaries. That alteration tike Corporation were willing to accept. But another perl of the same clause was altered In suoh a manner bb to prevent the Corporation from levying a tax upon all cattle that arrived for slaughter or sale within the fen miles radius of the city boundaries. The Mayor pointed out that the effect of the alteration would be to anable other peraora besides the Corporation to establish sale-yards within or beyond the city boundaries, which would come into competition with the Corporation. With this latter alternative, the Corporation could not agree. Some discussion took place. The general feeling of the meeting appeared to be in favour of endeavouring to get the Legislative Assembly to recommit the hill, with a view of amending the seoond clause as it at present stands. The Mayor stated that if this were done the bill would have to be withdrawn, and in that caee the establishment of central cattle eale yards would be as far off as ever. Decayed Fish on Beaches.— The beaches of the different bays in our harbour are becoming more and more places of resort for those who delight in picnics— and their name is legion ; but a serious interference with the pleasure of excursions is to be found in the fact that a large quantity of putrid and poisonous fish are left on the beaches to fester in the sun, to disgust people by their unbearable stenoh, andtomake.it exceedingly dangerous for children to play on the shore, Jest they should wound themselves with the fconeB of fish that oontain an element of poisen. At the present time the beaoh at Chowder Bay is strewn with cat fish, rejected by the fishermen who haul there. We are not aware whether there fa any authority by whioh this etate of things oan he remedied ; if there is, it ought to be enforced— and, if not, it should be created. Railway Accident,— About 6 o'clock on Monday after noon, as acaident occurred to tho luggage train from Penrith, while half-way between Newtown and the Redfern terminus. An mile broke and the truck to whioh it belonged fell to the ground, was doubled up, and smashed. The truck Immediately behind, thongh not so seriously, Eras also muoh damaged. The accident caused a delay in tee traffic only a few minutes, Dangerous Escape of GAe.-Shortiy after 7o' clock on Saturday evening it wab observed by pasBera-by that there was a fire at tho bottom of the excavation in George-street, at ibe corner of DruUt and Park streets. A. closer observa tion showed that there had been an eecipe from a hole in a large gag-ranio, which had been stopped up by moauB of a wooden plug, which was 6een to be burning. It ie Fuppoeed that a lighted match, flung flown into the cutting, net the eecapicg vapour ablaze. The plug was fast being destroyed from the mouth, of the pipe, when it wob proposed to Bond to the Insurance Fire Biigade station, in Bathurflt-Btreet, for assistance, from which a number of men, with apparatuB, were imme Lately despatched. They set to work with, epades aad picks, ana tried to smother the flames by oovering the pipe with dry earth, closely packed by means of rammers. After this had been done it was found that the gas still OBoaped and burned. After the earth had been wetted and beaten down, the fire w&b; at last put out. Information was eo&t; to the Gas Company, eo that further precautions might be tAken. The probability ie, had a much longer time elapsed before discovery, the plug would have been completely burnt, so bb to ellow the contents of the pipe to escape by the main, which 'would be consumed at euch a rate as would soon empty the gasometer, and leave a great portion of the city of the circumstance. On Monday, a number of work men were engaged in connecting the severed pipe, end while eo employed and having removed the earth from the vent, the gas bb a natural con sequence again escaped. Two of the labourers engagel at ibe bottom of the excavation were so over powered by the gas that they beoame insensible, and had to be removed from the dangerous vicinity. Dr. Mackay arrived and saw the men, who were conveyed alongside the railinge of the New Town Hall enclosure, where everything was done. to reBtore them. Brandy with -water was admi nistered, and by this means, combined with the free admis sion of air , the men recovered consciousness. Dr. M'Ray, assisted by constable Paine, prevented the bystanders from going too near the edges of the cutting. The work of connection and the filling up of the h'-lo were completed without any further mishap. Accident.— About 9 o'clock on SaturJay evening ? --t, an accident occurred to one John Byrne, a boatsw i ' ? un board the Hawkeebury, by a fall from the verandah A a house in Kent-street North, near the Flageteff-hiii. It appears that Byrne, who was somewhat under the influonoe of drink, vrae leaning over the Tailing of the verandah, which ie about ten feet from the ground, for the purpose of vomiting, when he overbalanced himself and fell heavily into the roadway. He was picked up in a very bad etate, and Dr. Wright, who was sent for, and shortly afterwards arrivod, recommended his removal to the Infirmary, to which he was conveyed on a stretcher by four constables. It wee there found that hie back hod been severely injured, and that he had been much ehakea. We understand he ia getting on em well ae could be expected. Our Manufacturing Confectioners.— Upwards of a hundred of the manufacturing confectioners of Sydney and their employes, in a petition to the late Parliament, complained with some reason of the great injuetioe they suffer under the present tariff, and are apprehensive of their trade being destroyed by the proposed abolition of the ad valorem duties. They state the following facts in support of the view that it is necessary to ensure measures _ being taken to oonserve their interest, and at the samo time to protect the revenue let. That on the sugar used by con fectioners is levied a duty of £6 13s. 4d. per ton. 2nd. That on almonde used by confectioners is levied a duty of £16 per ton. 3rd. That on essence, gum, and seeds, &c; , used by confectioners is levied au ad valorem duty of 5 per oect. Thus the materials used in the manu facture of confectionery in the colony are liable to an average duty of 121 P®r cent. Bat confectionery manu factured abroad from the same materials, ie admitted into tho colony on payment of a duty of 5 per cent, only, thue placing the colonial manufacture at a disadvantage of 71 per cent., and at the same time causing a loss of 7i per cent, to the revenue. It is therefore respectfully suggested that ae the materials are taxed at the rate of 12J per cent., the manufactured article should be taxed at the rate of 12jt per cent. also. If the ad valorem duties are abolished, and the present duties continue to be levied on our materials, we shall be compelled to manufacture out of the oolony, or to import the manufactured article, and thus evade payment of the duties on our raw materials. One article of our trade called sugar-candy already pays the same duty as sngar, but wby it sbonld be an exception to the reet of the goods we manufacture we confess ourselves at a loss to understand ; since candied engar, barley sugar, and various articles in our trade, consisting solely of sugar, are not charged a duty. A great deal of the confectionery sent to the colony is manufactured in the island of Guern sey, where it is made from free sugar, and is only sent to England for exportation to the colonies, the tariff of the mother country not allowing it to be sold in Great Britain without paying a duty. The following is extracted from the British* tariff: — Comfits, Id. per lb. ; confectionery, Id. ; ail succades, Id. ; sugar, ana all articles composed thereof or sweetened therewith, candy engar, refined sngar, or sugar rendered equal to refined, 112 lbs., 12s. lOd. There is no duty on almondB in the English tariff. The petitioners eeek'no protection in this matter, but urge that, as the existing duties give the foreign manufacturer a pro tection of 7| per cent., they are placed at a grievous disad vantage, for the removal of which they rely upon the justice of Parliament. MARRICKVILLE PUBLIC SCHOOL.— Mr. John Andrew St. Julian, having on the 31St of March laSt left the Mar- rickville Public School to finish hiS term of service as a pupil teacher (of which but a few months remained) at the Fort-street Model School, addresses from the Marrick- ville teachers and pupils, with a handsome testimonial from the latter, were presented to him on Saturday afternoon last. There was a good muster of children on the occasion. The address from the teachers, which was beautifully en- grossed on vellum, was rather a lengthy document. It dwelt especially upon the harmony and good feeling which had always existed among the teachers at that school, the affectionate relations between the teachers and pupils, and the high moral tone of the school itself. It instanced, especially, the fact that dnring the term of Mr. St. Julian's service there— nearly four years— not an unpleasant word had passed among the teachers ; and pointed to various manifestations of affection on the part of the pupils, whose kind regard for their teachers was attributed, in a great degree, to the abandonment of corporeal punishment in that school, no such punishment having taken place there for more than twelve mouths. This address was read by Mr. Nolan and suitably responded to. The children's address was a more simple affair, yet was touchingly worded. It was read by Master Shawel- hood. The testimonial which accompanied this address, and which was presented in the name of the school by Miss Highfield, consisted of a very elegant writing-deek of papier- mache, with ormolu mountings and decorations, lined with purple velvet, and a gold pen, and a quantity of fancy stationery, &c.; Both the address and the gift were suitably and gratefully acknowleged. The remainder of the after- noon was passed by both teachers and pupils in the play- ground. Flood Relief At EA6T Maitland.— The following report ot the proceedings of the committee for the relief of the sufferers by the late floods in the Hunter is given in Saturday's Maitland Mercury :— The East Maitland Borough Council met as a relief oommittoe. at the Muni cipal Chambers, on Saturday last, to take into consideration the best means of relieving the sufferers by the late floods. Mr. Cullum reported that in compliance with the wish of the eemmittee, he had snpplied seven or eight famDies witb food ; and the Mayor (Mr. Dodds) announced the reoeipt of a letter and cheque for £169, from Mr. 'W. R. Fid dington, of Svdney. The letter contained^ an intimation that no relief in money would be sanctioned by the executive committee in Sydney. It was decided to advertise that sufferers would be relieved by work or other wise, upon application to the committee, and that the clergy man of the town and the Folioe Magistrate Bhould be re quested to oo-operate with the committee in granting relief. —The committee then determined that the money granted shonld be expended upon thoso parte of the Electorate damaged by fioodB, and fixed the rate of wages to be given as follows: — One-horse cart, 6a. tier day; two- horse dray, 10s. per day; labouring man, 5s. per day. The committee further agreed to meet every Wednesday and Friday, and adjourned till Wednesday, the 6th instant.— On Wednesday the com mittee again assembled, and the Rev. J. Dougall occupied the chair. Alderman M'Loughlin reported the result of his inepection conjointly with Alderman Murphy, of the Sugarloaf Road, and said that the expenditure of £16 or £20 would make a passable road. Several persons were appointed to obtain stone ; but a long discussion ensued upon the question whether, in giving work upon the roads of the electorate, the local committee would be carrying oat the views of the executive committee in Sydney. The result of the discussion was that a tele gram was sent to Mr. Piddington, requesting psrtnfesien ' to expend the £100 voted in repair of reads in the dis trict, by giving employment to . parties who have suffered directly through the late floods.' The committee then gave orders for supplies of flonr, tea, and sngar to several persons, and rose, to meet again on Friday. Yesterday afternoon the committee again met, when ' the reply by telegram from Mr. Piddington to the telegram wae received. It ran thns— ' The Flood Belief Committee have never allowed their money to be expended in the repair of roads.' The secre tary read a letter which he had written in reply to this tele gram, etating more folly the circumstances under which it was proposed to employ labour to repair the roads of the electorate, and explaining that this method of relief would reach s far greater number of persons than if the money was merely distributed in charity. Some discussion took place upon this matter, but the committee determined to await Mr. Fiddington's reply before coming to a decision. Applications for relief were then disposed of, and the com mittee rose. Flood Relief Committee. — The Maitland Mercury reports that a meeting of this oommittee_ wsb held at the School of Arte on Monday afternoon. Fifty-one different applications i'or relief were considered and dealt with. Host of these applicants were farmers, the olose to whom the committee are endeavouring to limit the relief they issue ae much bb possible. In many instances these appli cants came in from a considerable distance, and therefore the committee deoided upon voting a supply sufficient to obviate the necessity of their too frequent attendance, the quantity of provisions issued to each family being gene rally about 200 lbs. flour, 6 lbs. tea, and 30 lbs. sugar. Relief at Mortehi. — It was stated that up to the present time about eighty families have been relieved by the committee, or about 700 persons ; but the desire of the committee is to make the relief remunerative, if possible, psd to give work upon the streets of the borough. The Flood in thb Hunter Eiver— On Tuesday morning (sayB the Maitland Mercury ), to the astonish ment of everybody who had known only of tho rain that fell in Maitland on Monday night, the river had rieen again some four feet, and was running with a strong cur rent, bearing a considerable quantity of bush drift. We beard, however, on Tuesday that a good deal of raiu had boen falling at Branxton ; and on Wednesday came intelli gence of a rapid and large rise of Wollombi Brook, which accounts for the phenomenon as respects the river at Mait Jatd, that it wae rising again all Wednesday, and by Thursday morning had reached, at Belmore Bridge, twenty one feet above low water mark. Daring Thursday the river fell again, slowly. Up to midday on Wednesday the water waB flowing out of WailiB' Creek ; bnt on Thursday morning we observed that the course of its current was up wards. By Friday morning, however, the downward flow of the creek water had recommenced ; but with this fluctu ation in tbe height of the river, the back water has of couree no chance of eecape, and is detained longer upon the land than would be the caee, even taking the email outlet at the floodgates into account At Morpeth the river began sud denly to rise between 6 and 7 o'clock, but it as quickly began to fall, and continued to 8ubBide with tbe ebb tide, and during both the succeeding flood and ebb tides. Tho river ie at the present time much lower ia proportion at Morpeth than at Maitland. At 5 o'clock on Friday eve ning, at the Belmore Bridge, Weet Maiiland, the river had fallen to seventeen feet above low water mark. Testimonial to Mr. Dillon, M.L.A. — It is Btated in the Maitland Mercury, that on Wednesday evening a meet ing of the frienda and constituents of Mr. John Dillon, representative of the electorate of the Hunter, was held at Mr. K. Crennan's hotel, High-street, West Maitland. There was a good attendance, the numbers being largely augmented before the close sf the proceedings. The object of the meeting wae to present Mr. Dillon with a testimo nial, ae a mark of the confidence reposed in that gentleman by his constituents, and in recognition of his services in Parliament, with regard to variouB local matters. Mr. W. H. Mullen- wsb unanimously voted into the ohair, and on behalf of the subscribers he handed to Mr. Dillon a handsome purse, in which a satisfactory cheque was en closed, for which the hon. member returned thanke. AFFLICATION FOR A CA. SA. AGAIN6T an M.L.A.— The following case ie reported in the Bathurst Times of Satur day:— George Fish v. W. Cnmminge — £33 on a pro missory note. A verdict in this case bad been given for the plaintiff, on Monday, and Mr. Fletcher now applied for a ca, sa. He wsb informed that numerous executions were already out against the defendant, but no settlement could be obtained from him. He possessed property and wae a member of the Legislature, and it might he pre sumed that he was in a position to pay bis debts. His Honor refused the application, etating that the very fret of executions sgainet the defendant not being satisfied was a proof that he wae not possessed of means. Meritorious Conduct.— A circumstance transpired during the recent trials at the Circuit Court at Tamworth (eaye the Examiner) which reflects great credit on two gentlemen in the district, and we have great pleasure in giving publicity to the facte. The most barefaced and Eeartleee criminal amonget those tried wae the man Burns, or Johneon, who robbed his mate whilst in. charge of Mr. Adsme's travelling sheep, near Bingera. The man, after committing tbe robbery, went to Mr. welford'e inn at Mille, and was there attempting to pass some of the stolen cheques, when Mr. Walford, having bis suspicions awakened, at once arrested him, and kept him in cnetody until he could send for the police to Narrabri, a distance of about forty miles. Ae will be seen from the reports ef the proceedinge of the Court, Johnson got a sentence of five years on the public works of the colony. If every person who had property to lose would show the seme disposition as Mr. 'W afford to stop the career of such scoundrels as Johnson we would have less crime in the colony. The Appointment of Clerks of Petty Sessions in the Magistracy. — We take the subjoined from the Tate Courier of Tuesday:— The following ie a copy of the letter addressed to his Excellency the Governor; from certain magistrates of the Turn ut district, ae to the appoint ment oi the clerk of the Bench to the magistracy ?' Tumut, 13th September, 1869. My Lord, — We beg most respectfully to lay the following facts before your Excel lency, regarding a matter which deeply affects the adminis tration of juetice in this district. We have observed with much astonishment a notice in the Government Gazette of Friday laet, the 10th instant, to the effect that Mr. John Francis Blake, C.P.S. here, hoe been appointed a Juetice of the Peace for the district of the Tumut We regret that we feel it to be a duty incumbent upen us, ae the Bench of Magis trates for the district, to apprise your Excellency of tbe fact that Mr. Blake ie an uncertificated insolvent, having, about three yeare ago, while . a resident here, filed his schedule, and that consequently he would, in his new posi tion ae magistrate, be called on to decide cases between bis creditors and others. We therefore humbly beg to submit to your Excellency that, for the above end other apparent reasons, Mr. Blake's acting bb a magistrate would be an example highly in jurious in its effect to thia district ; that the standing of the Bench would bo lowered ; and that, in fact, we fear it might tend to raise doubts as to tbe due administration of juetice. And we also would most re spectfully submit to your Excellency that it is our con scientious opinion (and one shared in, we believe, by the msjoritv of the residents of this district), that Mr. Blake lacse to' a painful degree the intolligencs and ability re quisite to discharge with efficiency the duties of a magis trate. We have, &c.;, L. Mandelson, J. P., Edward O'Marra, J. P., George Shelley, J. P., J. B. Scarp, J. P., E.G. Brown, J.P. P.S.— Angus Rankin, Esq., J.P., the re maining member of the Bench, ie unable to sign this com munication, being at the Merool Creek, 200 miles from Tumut.' Death fbom a Fall.— On Friday, Dr. Waugh held an inquest at Mr. Adams's Rose and Crown Inn, Goulburn (the Herald reports), on the body of Thomae Bawdoa, about forty years of age, who was groom at the inn, and who had fallen from the hayloft of the inn stables early that morning. No one had seen the accident occur ; but from tbe appearance of the body, on which Dr. Hayley held sn external examination, and from the fact that deceased had occasionally slept on the loft, in which there wae a door in the gable end to allow for taking in hay, it was assumed that death had resulted from a fall head first of about ten feet from the loft-doer. There was blood below this door and a reund stone on which deceased fell. Deceased wae a well conducted man. 1 he jnry returned a veidict of died from injuries accidentally received by felling from a hayloft. Fatal Accident.— It ie our painful dnty (says the Eega Gazette ) to chronicle in this issue a melancholy fatal accident which befel Mr. H. Taylor. It appears that the decejEed, who had been in town on Saturday with his team, was repairing home late in the evening, accompanied by Mr. D. Duncan and another man, and on reaching Rus sell's Hill the deceased, feeling fatigued, eat on the pale of the dray, where it is supposed that he fell aeteep. How ever, he wee noticed to fall forward, and at the same time grasp at the near poler'e tail, the bullock slewed round and dragged Taylor on the ground face foremost, the wheel, paseing over the right arm, and across the shoulder blade, and behind the neck. Our informant states that the un fortunate man never groaned or moved after the accident. A coroner's inquest waB held on Monday lost, before D. Wetherell, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. This sad event cost quite a gloom over Bega, as the deceased was an old resident, and universally liked. The deceased leaves a widow and small family to mourn their lose. Accident and Narrow Escape.— A Newcastle jour nal reports that a narrow escape from drowning occurred on the river off OBterly, where a strong fresh was running down at the time. The steamer Cotlaroy had left Raymond Terrace on her wav for Morpeth, and when off Oaterley a boat pulled off for ner, having a lady passenger on board. Captain Harris had the engines slowed and stopped, and the lady eafely got on board. The boat was pulled by one man only, and in the effort to get the lady safely up, the strong current carried the boat against the gangway ladder, and the boatman, while endeavonrlsg to beat her off, Blipped and fell into the water. The lifebuoy was immediately thrown to him, and he got hold of it, and at the same time Captain Harris bad the steamer's boat lowered, end the man was picked up. Mr. Pamell woe standing on the bank at Oeterley and saw that there was some accident, and he im mediately plnnged into the river, dressed, and swam off to rescne tne man. The passengers (from whom we derive this information! describe the conduct of both Captain Harris and Mr. Farnell as being very prompt and gallant in . the endeavour to rescue the man from drowning. Death »y Drowning.— The Musclebrook correspmf pendent of the Maitland Mercury states that a man namea Hennessy was drowned on the 7th instant, about 3 o'clock, at Tribe's crossing, near Denman. From all that can be lgarnt, it appears the deceased was in the act of crossing tbe river in his dray, with one horse, when it ie supposed that one wheel must have gone into a hole and tilted the dray over ; thie is the only way in which the accident can be accounted for, as a buggy had a few minutes before been safely taken over the same crossing. The unfortunate man leaves a wife and four or five young children, who at the time were en the bank ef tbe river watching bis progress across the water. Deaths ry Drowning.— On AVednesday morning laEt (says the Wagga Wagga Express) as a farmer named Angue Cameron was going down the Berry Jerry Creek, on wbicb he resides, to look for one of his horses, he smelt a peculiarly disagreeable odour proceeding from the creek, and going down to ascertain ite cause, was shocked to fiud tbe dead body of a man floating in the water in an advance# etate of decomposition. He immediately rode into Wagga Wagga and informed the police of the fact. The remains were subsequently identified) by a man named John Mellon ae those of an old sawyer, who at one time used to knock about the Pastoral Hotel _ in thia town, and who was greatly addicted to drink whenever he could obtain tbe means of paying for his indulgencies. The Eega Gazette of the 7lh Instant reports the deith by drowning of a young man named Frank Wright. It ap pears that the young man, acc smpmied by his sister, and brother-in-law, Mr. H. Jaggers, left Stony Creek yesterday morning, and were proceeding to Bega. Or -reaching the bonk of the river, the girl came across in the boat, while Mr. Jaggert and deceased determined upon riding across the flooded river. Wright went into the water flret, but had not prooeeded far before hie horse got into difficulties, : and came against a tree. The youth— who had taken the precaution of nndreesing in order to ewim in caee of acci dent — slipped off, end wob washed dose under the horee'e fore-feet, which siuit have struck the deceased, ns ho never rose bis head clearly out of tbe water, but drifted down the stream for come ebort dietance, when he threw up his hands and tack. Suffocated ry Drink.— Another terrible instanoa of death through excessive drinking is related _ in the Arms dale Express of Saturday :— On Tuesday Riohard Towns end and his wife came into Armidale to get their two daughters baptized. In the night, when Mrs. Towosend looked for her husband, she found him lying drunk In Mareh-street. He was lifted into the dray, and the party went off home, Townsend living about twelve miles from town, near the Rocky. Shortly after reaohing hie place he was found dead and quite cold inthedray. Mra. Towns end subsequently thought that he must have been dying when put into the dray, although then she did not think anything wee wrong with him' except intoxioation, which he was addicted to. A post-mortem examinatien by Dr. Sp&Bshatt; showed that the lungs were thoroughly con gested, the other organs being in a healthy etate. The Coroner's jury returned a verdict of death from suffocation, brought on by drink. Death ry DuowninG.— The Goulburn Herald reports that about 11 o'clock en Tuesday morning, a man, named Daniel Lensne, accompanied by his son, a grown-up young men, attempted to cross the Wollondilly at the crossing place at the Old Township, instead of going round to the bridge at Marsaen'e crossing. On entering the water his horse plunged, and Lenane disappeared. His son went into the river and ewam to the ether side ; but the old mau was never seen again. He is egid to have been about seventy years of age, and an old acrvant of the Messrs. Macarthur, of Richlands, but lately Jiving on his own free hold near Taralga. He leaves a grown-up family. The horse ewam out on the same eide he had entered. The body of Lenane has not been recovered. Suffering from Thirst in the Bush.— Another instance ef the terrible fate ef those who at times wander from the watercourses of the interior is placed on record, and again it is from the pen of the Bourke correspondent of the Eubba Dispatch, So graphic ie the narrative in its particularity, eo intense the feeling wrought up in the de scription of suffering, and so lively the imBgination of the writer in regard to facts he could not have witnessed, that one is driven to the conviction that he is not unaoenstomed to attacks ef dipsomania. Hear him. 'On they went through the terrible scrub and terrible sand — on through the fearful heat and glowing sunshine. The water bag, a email one— fearful mietake — was soon drained of ite last welcome drop, and the sun began to lose its ecimetar like flashing. Still before and behind and around them, like eternity, lay the cruel and unrelenting sand snd scrub. By-end-by, the strength of the horses began to fail ; there was an uncertainty in their going, a throbbing of their tails ; a dropping of their ears, with ue vague something that they could go no further.' They mise the spring they sought, their mare's udder has bsen dried to supply their necessities, they desert their buggy snd mount their horees to ride for thair lives, trusting the horees will lead them to a place of safety. They throw away their clothes. Now for the ' agony.' ' Hot and burning the blistering sand sparks and rolls from the bare feet ; stingingly the sunbeams laeh tbe naked breast and shonidere ; buton, etill on, life or death is the coet. Nature sinks amidst the desolation— home, wife, friends come up before the filmed eye ; reaeon ie all that ia alive. The body, insen^ble to the stings of ants, which literally swarm it,' lies paeeiveiy still, while the soul offers sp s fervent prayer for rain. Strange— marvellously strange— the. elands from copper take a leaden tint, darker and darker end at'length the gloriens life-giver fell on the senseless sufferer. As Lazarus from the tomb came forth at the voice of the Divine Master, so the inanimate Malpas rose to his feet renewed, A roll In' the mud, a little drop of water dnght here and there, and hope again returned. On again without pause, and this was a wise thing ; for had he rested hb would never have told his story. On through the moist soil for half a mile (the rain had fallen no farther), and the heated sand was again beneath his feet ; but forward — the stare beckening him on— was his cry, and bravely he pushed on. The road wae cut, and exhausted to the lest step, he sank again to die. How loBg he lay he knows not ; he wsb startled by what he thought was a spirit, so disturbed wae his reaeon. It was Scrivener ; the mare had found her foal, and Scrivener, true to his parting promise, sought his friend in peril. Malpas was saved by Scrivener, for though only eight milee from the tank, it waa more than he could have done, and he must have perished,' Unfortunate readers, that muBt be satisfied with this meagre recital, yon must not blame the writer for its frigid brevity. He is candid ; he ssys : ' I may have errred in small matters, for I lost the account given me by Mr. Malpas of this terrible journey.' Mr. Maipa s, of the Paroo Hotel, it eeems, left with Scrivener in a buggy for the back country, lost their way, got back safely, and probaby first knew of their great sufferings from the fervid tale bv the Bourke correspondent. Vehy Satisfactory. — The Canonbar correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch, after alluding.to the weather and the state o| the herbage, saye:— 'Sheep down this way are disgustingly fat.' , Blackfellows' Humanity and an Overseer's BAbrarity.— ' The following passage occurs in a letter from a late Albury resident who is now on the Upper Dar ling:— 'Ae you have so doubt heard, one or two men periehed while attempting to oome acroBe from the Lachlan ahjmt four weeke ago, and another man, after being reduced toigreat straits, was saved by a trooper. Another case happened which showed extraordinary inhumanity, A murlost himself for six days, and when he made in to the rmr he was naked, and the blacks gave him a shirt and started Mm off to the nearest station. He there told his st-ky, but was ordered off by the overseer ! Afterwards he got some stale bread and meat, but the unfortunate creature s uuiguc swollen ne coma nan eat. tie then made to another place and got some proper nourish ment.' A Militia Cavalry Corps — The Western Dost ob eervee on the above subject :— Why not utilise what is now running to waste ? We have the materiel for furnishing this colony with as dashing and effective a maunted yeomanry as ever existed in any country. Throughout the colony men would join this various local corps, and a spirit of emulation would be evoked which it would be impossible to produce in a foot regiment. Sydney has her artillery and riflemen ; Bhe would be none tbe worse, in case of need, for the reinforcement ef a few troops of horee, armed with carbines. The mere fact of finding a military occupa tion suited to the taete of the majority ahsuld have weight ; discipline produces nerve and steadiness. A cavalry soldier, if employed on foot, is far supe rior to a recruit, simply because of the train ing be has undergone. Not the least recom mendation of this plan, would be its cheapness In New Zealand, in the Auckland province, more than one troop of volunteer cavalry exists, which never cost the public, one penny ; every expense being defrayed by the troopers themeelves. In this colony there should be no difficulty in raising companies in many districts, and brigad ing them when a favourable opportunity offered. A Crown Witness and the Kxfense of her Jcubney.— In the evidence given-before the Bega Bench, ;in the Iste case of infanticide, it was stated, that about the time when the alleged offence was committed, in the year 1864, Mies Hogan had occasion to stay at Mrs. Tarliugton's . house, near Bega, and the principal witness in the case, the wife of the selector whose cattle had been impounded by .the squatter Mr. Tariington, stated that Mies Hogan) hod :St that time remarked that the prisoner Margaret looked as 'jt she was enceinte. On tbe strength of this represents Ion (ssys the Albury Banner) the magistrate et Bega, Mr. fEoswell, sent fer Miss Hogan from Albuiy, although he was assured that she had never made the remark referred to se; to Margaret Tarliugton's condition, and that she knew.nothing whatever about the affair, or the people connected with it, wMch could in aay possible way affect the case in the slightest degree. We understand that Miss Hogan explained this to the Inspector of Police ip Albury, and that, she understood from that gentle ipan. that her knowledge of the case could not be : of any possible nee to the Crown. We presume from this that the inspector must have reported to the same effect to the authorities at Bega. Nevertheless the witness was compelled to make a journey to the coast and back again, a treary trip of about a thousand miles ; her usual avooetions Fere interfered with for several weeks, and a useless ex pense of perhaps £156 was entailed upon the country. In a case like this, it seems to us that a temporarily-constituted . Court composed of the Polioe Magistrate, the Inspector of Police, and a local solicitor could, at a trifling expense, have effectively ascertained whether the witness had any evidence to give which could in any degree have justified the country in inenrring the expense of sending her for Examination to the other end of the colony. Nothing was .elicited from the witness at Bega which could not have fjbeen equally well elicited at Albury. The Chinese Custom of Removing the Dead.— The Cannonbar correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch re lates .thet about three years ago, a Chinaman, shepherding (in the Bogan, cut his throat, having taken the precaution ,lo stow away a good meal first. It was a nasty, cold, wet jnorning in May, when Se-ma-Cro∠ (or whatever Me Dame was) turned over hie swag, deslroyed some valuable 'bapcrs, examined hie razor, polished off a hearty breakfast, tend walked in from the kitchen to the house, thinking, I liave no doubt, that it would be a greater honour to perform This feat (which one so seldom sees dose) bafore the master, inetcad of the cook. The celestial remarked that ' he (Was werry cold,' and was told to ' go into the kitchen and wsrm himself.' He replied, 'I'll show you,' and pulling out a razor (which, owing to the darkness of the room, looked like a piece of black itape), turned coolly round, compressed his lips, and made long .incision, severing tbe carotid artery, and which failing, continued hacking away, Se-ma-Cronang's spirit 'had fled before the body had touched the ground — merely a | slight quiver of the lips. John had ' thanked the world.' ; Three hours afterwards he was buried. Since then his jperturbed spirit has been keen twice, making night Mdeous, (but only seen by one who believes in ghosts. However, it i appears that his tones were not to reec in that spot. A ' month ago four Chinamen called, borrowed a spade, dug up ; the remains of poor John, drank brandy, burnt lights round ' the grave to appease the soul, laid the bones most carefully ; on a clean cloth, and etarted for China, not wishing to i leave the remain? of one who had sacrificed himself to some ? great idol, in a Christian country. 