Central Police Conrt. Before the City Magistrates. Catherine Gorritty was committed to take her trial at tbe Quarter Sessions for stealing a purse, containing £5, the property of James 'Walsh. Prisoner and' prosecutor met on the' pave on Thursday night; and he accompanied her home. He missed his purse at a time when she was leav ing the room, and charged her with robbing him. ' She pointed ont his purse, but it had been emptied of its con tents, and he gave her into custody for larceny. Committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Thomas Mackey or Coghlan, William Porter, Emily Porter, .and .Annie Barton were charged with having, on the night of the 6th or the morning of the 7th November, feloniously broken into the dwelling of Elizabeth Murray, stealing therefrom a worsted belt, a gold ring, a coat, a vest, a shirt; some cigars, and about 8s. in copper money, the value of the whole being 50s. ^Elizabeth Mnrray, liv ing apart from her hnsband, and protected by a Judge's order, deposed that she keeps the Builders' Arms Inn, situ ated at tlic comer of Liverpool-street and Sussex-street ; between the hours of five and six - in the morning of the Glh November, she was called by her son, and immediately arose; she found the things in her sleeping-room tossed about, and, on proceeding to the bar, found tbat, since half-past 11 o'clock on the previous night, a lady's belt and buckle,' some cigars, and about Ss. in copper money, had been stolen and taken away ; she found that a square of gloss in a back window had been taken out, and the sash fastening pushed hack and. the ' window left open ; the back gate had bcai opened ; she gave information to the police; the belt before the Court (produced by constable Larldns) is like' that 'she missod, Lut cannot positively' swear to it; it had been left with her by the maker for sale; thiB ring (produced), she knows ; it onco belonged to her, and she gave it to' her son; she received it, a few days after tho rob bery, in a letter sent through the post, aud addressed to 'Mrs. Morrison,' her name by a former husband;' it reads thus: — 'No doubt this is an, unex pected letter, but you wiU find if we are devoid of honesty that we still retain feeling hearts. No doubt you will ask yourself bow I became possessed of tbe knowledge 'that, this ring was given to you by your husband for a keep sake, but that matters not. Your own sense will tell you that it is not fear that prompts me to return it, but feeling, aud the time-honoured maxim of honour among thieves. Perhaps it may be our lot hereafter to answer for this. If it be, I hope you will not be biassed by any of our esteemed friendB the police, for if you and yours were to speak tbe truth you could not accuse anyone positively, as the night upon which you were robbed waB the last night of Shep herd's ghost. We are now going away. We will most certainly call in a few months to see you. No more at present from your Midnight Friend.' The prisoners lived in the neighbourhood before tlierobbeiy, and shortly afterward removed. Mrs. Murray's son described that on his awaking on the morning of the 7 th he saw his room in great disorder, and missed a sliirt, a coat, and a ring ; the ring produced iB his ; it was given to him by his mother. Elizabeth Harrison identified the belt as her property ; Ehe made it, and left it with her aunt, Mrs. Murray, for sale, only a few days before the robbery. Con stable Larkins deposed to the apprehension of the prisoners, iuumuo xuncaay uuu 0 0111 logman, iviuiam rortcr, iimily Porter, andAnnieBarlow; inaboxownedbythemaleprisoner Porter' he found the belt before tbe Court; the ring and the ? letter he received from Mrs. Murray; on the person of Mackay he found a .pocket-book containing memoranda, the writing of which, innis (LarkinB')opimon,correspGndswith the writing of the latter given np bv Mrs. Murray, and post-marked 9th November. The prisoners lived in one house in the neighbourhood of Mrs. Murray before the robbery, and afterwards — how soon afterward he -cannot say— they removed to Redferh, where they lived together. Arthur W, Webster, ledger-keeper in the Commercial Bank, an expert at handwriting, deposed that he believes the memoranda in the book boforo the Court, and the letter addressed to Mrs. Morrison, are hy the 'same hand. Further evidence was given that the prisoners are com panions. Committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Mr. Carroll cross-examined , the witnesses on behalf of the three prisoners ; Mr. Robinson watching the case on liohalf of Mackey. , Robert Johnson, found guilty of baring deserted Mary his wife, leaving her- without means of support, which by reason of bis trade as a tinsmith he is well able'te afford, buiug in full work, was ordered to pay the sum of 12s. Gd. weekly for or towaids her support. Henry B. Pentnall, 17, was charged with larceny. Ser geant Condick deposed that in consequence of information received ho last night apprehended the prisonor at his mother's residence, and told him. 'the charge — that of having on Sunday stolen a watch and chain, the property of Miss Lucy Maxwell ; prisoner said that he pickedrap , the articles, and pointed out a pair of trousers Krone pocket of which were the watch and chain produced. Lucy Maxwell, spinster, deposed that on Sunday afternoon she saw prisoner at tho Presbyterian burial ground ; ho and she sat on tho same grave and liad conversation; she has seen him on previous occasions at the Eame place, but did hot know his name ; after ho left she missed her watch 'and chain ; tho watch and chain produced'; they are her pro perty, and are worth about £9 ; she felt him puU the skirt of her dress, and asked him what he was doing P 'cannot say that the did not, drop the watch and chain from her pocket. Prisoner _ said that he picked up the watch and chain near a vault in the burial-ground, and did not know - to whom it belonged. Committed for trial at the Quarter Scssicne. Charles King was charged with having obtained from Surah Ann Rogers the sum of £1 by. means of false pre tences. Prosecutrix, a lodging-house keeper, residing in Sussex-street, deposed tbat on Saturday last the prisonor owed ber £3 for four weeks' board and lodging, and ho gave her a cheque (produced) purporting to be drawn by Charles King, of the Bank of New South Wales, for pay ment of £8 ; he asked her to take what he owed her( and ' to give 'him ihe difference ; sho could nut do that, but borrowed a £1 and gave to him ; on Monday eLc took tbe cheque to the bank, but It was not paid ; she saw prisoner about it, who said that a Mr Ramsay owed him money, and authorised him to draw. John Donaldson, ledger keeper, deposed that no funds were in tbc hank of Now South Wales to the credit of Charles King. Wiliinm Smith, writing clerk, deposed that, at prisoner's request, he filled up the cheques pro duced, and witnessed his mark thereto ; ho said that he e-xpectcd funds would be fbero to meet, it on presentation. Committed for trial at the Quarter ScssionB, John Haanon,the eldeT, aud John Hannon, tho younger, were brought before the Court on warrant, charged witlx assault. Patriok- Joseph Murphy, of Burwood, deposed . that on last Saturday night he was knocked down and badly treated, bat .cannot say by whom; he was drunk, and wbb on his way home when he was assaulted ; about daylight on Sunday morning he found himself lying in a pool of blood on the road leading to hia own place ; had a proceeding in this Court against one of the defendants, and was awarded £2 2s. for - costs, since which both defendants have more than Once threatened to waylay him. Thomas Gray, of Burwood, deposed that on Saturday night he saw com plainant ana the defendants at Ncich s public-house, Par ramatta Road ; Murphy had becnatthe boat race, and waa very drunk ; abont 11 o'clock, after the house was shnt up, he saw the elder Hannon kicking Murphy, who lay on the side of Pairamatta Road, near to Neich's house ; he kicked him, all ? over- his body, for about twenty minutes 7 young - Hannon came np and told his father to ga home or he would be lagged; witness and twa other persons were lying on the read, but neithec interfered; Murphy was lying on the road, and Hennon, when he came up to mm, struck a match, lookod at him (Murphy), and saying ' Is this the ? ? ' com menced at once to kick him; Muiphy had -no marks of violence before Hannon kicked him, but afterwards his face Was covered with marks of violence, and on the ground where he lay was a pool of blood as if a bollock had beeir slaughtered ; witness and others -lay inside a fence neat the road, and were concealed ' from Hannon's view, but could see Hannon and Mutphy, . who were between -bim end the light at Neich's public-bouse ; Murphy did not speak a word. Two other witnesses corroborated in some respects tiffs evidence.- The elder prisoner was com mitted tor 'trial, and the younger one was discharged. Mr. Gannon conducted the prosecution, Mr. Carroll the defence. ' Jeremiah Donovan was charged with having, bcen oit the premises of George R. Dibbs, with intent to commit a felony. The prosecutor ' dtpoBed . that about 2 o'clock this morning he was awoke .by a hbiee like the turning of sc door lock, and arose ; he found the prisoner in; the bath ' room under the back verandah, and asked him what ho was doing there; he replied, 'What business is it of yours,' and proceeded to , undreBB ss if abont to take a bath; witnesB gave him into custody; he must have jumped over the fence ; nothing whatever had been in any way disturbed ; in the^iathroom were chairs, towels, &c.; 7 which could be taken away. The prisoner is quite a stranger to the police. In reply to questions from Mr. Raphael, he said that he had been about a month In Syd ney from Duck Creek. It was. suggested, from the prisoner's manner, that he appeared to be out of hiB mind. Mr. Raphael said that if he iB mad they will find it out at the gaol. To be imprisoned three months. George Hunt, 11, and Sydney Wright, 12, were charged with having stolen a horse and a cart, containing vege tables and fruit/the property of John Smedley: Prose cutor, a dealer, .deposed that, between 6 and 7. 0' clock oxx Saturday morning, while he was transacting business in Belmore Market, ' hta horse and cart, tho latter containing ' fruit and vegetables of the value of from £3 to, £4, were , taken away ; about _ 7 in the eveninghe found his hoise ' and cart at the polios station; the horse was lamed, the cart broken ill several places, and the goods all gone. The boys were apprehended m possession of the horse and cart.. They said that they had disposed of the vegetables, &c.; The constable said that hehad informed Huntis parents, 'who appear to be in comfortable circumstances, that the boy was in' custody, but they teemed to be quite' indifferent; also Wright s mother (whose husband is the boy's stepfather). . No relative of either boy being in attendance, the prisoners were remanded for a week, summonses in the meantime ta be served npon-the parents for their attendance. 