IIRITISIL AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. Os Mtondaln evening the nnual meetoling of the Goulhbrn nu.xiliary of the above society was held in the hall of the mochnics' inutilltute.. 'There was fair attendance. Afoter the roading of a por tLion of scripture by the Rev. R. Loigh, who also ongagod in prayor, the chair was tlton by MIr. F. IR. L. Roasi, who said that soveral of those who hod intended to havo boon present wore pro vented from beingso, and he held in his hand letters of apology from the Rev. Mr. Mo Konnio, Mir. Joplin, and the police-magstratl; and he had boon request ed by the Dean of Ooulburn to stato that he could not be present as he was engoageod at the Penny Blank. It was remnrkablo that all those gentlemeon lhad resolutions to propose or second; but pressure of business and othoer matters had kiopt them away. No doaubt thero were thoose who thlought there wos no necessity to pass resolutions at a bible society omeeting, or even to hold a mooeeting at all; bait it had beon found necenssary, and one bud been called. It they wore to do nothing bat moot they would be fostering this socoiety; aind if they fostered it thloy would be doing good. In connexion with their society a great work had boon done by colportours, who had gone into parts of the colony whorm the wordof God wnn not hitherto to be found; and were it not for those enorgetia agents of the ooieoty many would at the presenot time be without the bible, It was clnearly their duity to do something for others; and this woold be a souroe from which tlhey could draw comfort in this lifo, and ibe a meoans of preparing them for the next. If they rightly tnow the valuio of thle word of God they ought to work cornosaly in dissominating it among others. do ftlt warmly on this motter; but his duty was simply to coal upon tahose who tIad resolutions to move, a?nd not to mallt a epooohi. HI then called upon The Ilov. It. Loighl, one of the s?crotaries, to read tihe report, as follows:n SOrr-aTi ANNoaL Ierroor or Tna SooUrnoasn iEW SournT WiLIes AUSILIanr or TeO Bnrlsan AND FOIEIOaI" ItOLe SocltrTr. Yor comminnttee beg respectfally ito submit to tile subsoribers of tills auxiliary tile following report, and to express their re gret tht so Utlo tnas been accompilstnid. Your committee lhave not boIn able to hold more than sia neetings during thle panst year, sovoral havinig lapsed for want ot aqttorum. Tlhe dnomlnatltonol engagemonts of somne anotd the absorbing cares of others engaged in secular concerns dur ing a veary trying year, may to some extent account for our too apparent deiclenties. e hROave also to express a regre nt that tbo collections for tile ast year are not to hanud. Tie ladles who kindly cosaonted to iat a colletors havn e not n' t sent ln their returns, so as to en aible us to present thaut to tills teetinog. W taveato tnuih pleasuro lai calling thie attention of the sub eriters to tihe report of tihe pranlous year, iu whloa there is mluth to nconragio ; ned trust slncerely that ttero will be in Ereasid interest In and sympathly with the worit of tile soclcty during thie current year. V beg toi concltude our repoart with tie encouraging nand Iloratl word oa tile Panont Soolety, trusting they will prove r. ntiiionlu to rnleIw ed eXOtion, o "Yonr cntnrlto thoet lnit'e taitid iI tie urnyofnncltomaotn. 'ltoy hane reolenwIn with tl itrctictblet brevltr tile rtnnoae oan td Ithtonro of atuaOher elntiIut yorp. l fls monlitatitolen III· nlxty-a th t rta ordr of norki dotnt for tile elroulatlon of tite Ialy dOrlo n ron throuaoat tho norld rb anl tho rs paot dt. tealld to-tiny tar ath oso tah fot noorn of Otto sietty. In tileo tidprt itothe uof Immintoion, noerr no tUtet d to nUotthl btt . themainterlns inoadothrel within tile conpass of tih tartsont tre por are In mant rocoonins hery niggcller nd uford tomapting tlepln tor mi?cat toan nd ruelention buat tlme committeeo lr Imt theor remarkt to a r iw points wre h ninlay help to tlmu loat gr maitde oant prioo nutll ml fortht frch zaland libnmrality on thtllaf t mtha oJct wbleh for or many yeoar as ranonhred tn efetini0e Uliota amongsal ClrIsltlllt people, wobo, talought yieriatg very lnatirlnllt i their ecnletonatienal prefortns anod amnllhs, ore conttent to occupp a common ground, front anlcll, ty tluatl ngreotinet, ailt ddiquetng eoontroveregy is Iltnlotcd. " TIltlo are olvloUs features or tnCouragng Interest ofawoo tio tinr report, inahloth itas tito trlttltago on tlii nimmltota to prooont to their Conmtlutnnt i tills day, oupplylng. an they tlinki, nriocltlyie ntathnr o thut God is gracioulty ploanad to tOO ipon tile society witha favouro nu a efa llaoy Ita lstainaru oenmtalty for thn fulilmeot of Ilt on purposes ofno meroy ato nanklnd. "It t lln hle noonaltino that the tlnad of tite toclty haro been :nnael uototaind, and tnt aroonf of lhierality bhre boen so ntauatdallt, thalt tale soehott ian ihetn eonbleod to mont oil the orogo atoltaunory responsiblitt y intloh your extended oprattoons " OUt walno ratofully recouantiog tiae manifold tokent for ootl woitth whaih tilt notiety ians bern so nignally favourtd, t oould be oi ftllaitous ooncluolon to auppose thtat there oare Itlnultttoultlst to be encouotered an no hostility to bh om intae. " Otoleao tile committee dnell upon those points, It Is not tobe urnsuoteda that thoy tarn discourangd, or that thy ore pnuritag tirth tnalttts orer ao acktnotleduged dtenfa. TOh oapeperieno i too famitlir to Oit tIhom with tllmnay they ratther o orlso Ood for nondertiutl 0ue00ss. Tbtyi prire itlm esnpcally ff-r suernsn tlatntrd over ahitth ttne batoerit and enohbrlling latluonc of 'opery wan once napromo. Ttoy have not lost heart in t lelr woork nor lalth In thte Intlnclblo power of that glor otU boot Otit soolety ctrculaten. Thltor confidence atreotllot fitr tbeyond tio horizron a doutta or Conjtnire. Taey berliee that tnle ranord of tte Spirit cna nmltt and ohatrato tihe battle-ano of arror atd bupnrstltton, nltll ohaterver skill trid pronean 10 may ho wieldetd. hu-eontlict tatiy wmo lont, ind tott struagoe nyaa ho alltarp ; but Ot thruthl of Oid Ialut in to e Otsue be vu ctortoun, a Or tito mouth of th0e Lortid hath rpoktoo at.'" Mr. Conolly moved the adoption of the report. ae socarcoly expected to bh called upon to move the adoption oi the report, but nimply to support it, nnd ht did not thitaln hI should be hblo to do hbi patrt 10 well tao thme porsoni who had boon oppointod to move it-- tnmoly, tho Doan of Ooulburn. It hod boon a part of the duty of the committee to got the boat spoalers to do tho business of the ovening ; but they hIud hatrd why some of their old friends were o seont ott that occasion. They wore culled upon to odopt a report which hod givon him groat ploasure in bJearing road, mor oespeoially the atratols from the Paaront Sooioty's report, which were given in languago thit would motto ome of them rather diflident in cooting forwiard to addreon them o01 the oamo subject. Thoy found that their colportouro' work was mentionod yoar after yoar in the Parent Socioty's report 00 an tagonoy that had done a grout deal in disposing of the ocriptures in vatrious parts. Onn oatato of this wondorful success wastthlat they crorfully bhstained from anything littoconlrevorsy. Controvoroy woo not neceasury, for tho ecriptures, wherever they wont, carried their own controversy. Everything they did in this society was for the circulation of tie bibil and theo truth it co:etoined. Hollmno ogenecy, uocf lt as it 0was, was over liable to asoert its own dogmas and opinions, nod thus to a cUrelin exteLnt looe some of its power; hut in the Bible Society man's opinions were left out altogether, and the word of God ill its purity was sent forth. Year after yeoar they cameo beolere them to endeavour to spread these beCripture 00 the onlty 'meotl of bringing 2n0 to a sense of their own sins and failings. It was scarcely possible for any on to purchase a copy of the scrip tures and portcio them oven carelestsly without a certain amount of profit to himself. One argumenot in fiavour 'of the bible was that it taught people to read, and where people learned to read they were benefited. Ito quoted some extracts fromn the home report, showing what it had wrought atnd the cood effects its power had had in various ways. They leorned the somo things about the bible every mooting thicey attended; but they went to church every Sunday to hear the sahme thing over ind over abain, and yet they were benefited. If people only attended their churches they would soon ind that this room would Ie filled to overflowing with people at the Bible Sociuty's meetiengo; and he believed if people onlry studied their bibles more there would be such a chnogo that before long their churches would he so full that thoro would be no seato for thebom. IHe had on a previous occasion pointed out thalt unless family precyer was attended to, comparatively little beeolit would come from peo ploe going to church on a Sunday; and the first thing to be attended to at family devotion nwas to road a portion of the Ioly Scripturos IHe thought that the subject of family prayer was intimately connected with the subject bteforo them. In conclusion ho would, urge upon them the necessity of supporting this society in sending the bible into the world; and quoted a few lines of poetry written by old Georgo tlerbert. Mr. Cameron seconded ithe adoption of the re port. The duty devolved upon him of doing the very ordinary matter of cseconting a report. He had beon many years connected with a branch of this great sociOty, so hIe might be excused for mlaking a few remnarks. The report showed what had been done by those who had been worlking in this glorious causo; and he could sympathiso with them, no tle know oomne of the discouragemonts connected with the workling of these societies. The work of fur lthoring the tilbo Society hadn beoon very dishoarton ing; but still much euceess had attended the olforto put forth. WVlhen tIhey considered the many branches It wvork the result moight appear omall; but was it not because thoeo etforts were so languidly carried out ? The Aot was they did not think and consider suflioiently upon its importance, and whabit conferred upon those to whom osent the scriptures. It had ro. formed the drunkard, elevated and hlesod the moat dinssipated of mnon, nd made the home once deseorted a happy one, and it had restored children to their paronlt. They did not bring the glorioun gospel of Christ forward utlliciontly, or their efforts would be crowned with greater success tlhan had hben attained. If they felt more the importance and the necessity of the bible being sent thlrotghout the world they would work harder-overy man, woman, andti child of them. Two years ego it had hbcn his privilege to be present at a mnooting of the committoo of the Parent Society, whoreo o had root with gentlemen who hailed him an a friend tecauson he ihad done something in other parts in furtherance of thin cause. The bible told them of all they really wanted to know-it told them of the creation of mano, of his fall, and of his redomption from sit; and in it they would find an answer to every objelction that could be raised against it, oven as Christ had answered Satan when he was tempted--" it is written." He would urge upon the people of Goulburn to mlake a greater effort than had been made by them previousnly to send the bible to other and distant lands. Who was the bible for, but for the wholo human race P and if so it must be sent to those places where at present it was not to be found. Wherever it was nont its influence was felt, because it carried with it peace and goodwvill towards manl; and the fact of men of all denominations moeeting on ant occasion likto the present without fear of distraction to rally roundthe bible, was to him a proof of its power and its usne fulnoss. Tho report was thon'put and carried. The Lord Bishop of Goulburn proposed the first resolution as follows: TIbht talt mecting eordttlly nympotatales noth tae prlnolplte nod objeets of ttae Orittlta oo'l Foretgn Btable Soieety; a td Or aitelng thaot tho workl of the society has been stgntlly aowed and blasaed by God, pledges Itself to renewed eoertlons tor the ceoltalg year. 1io would discuss tho resolution without any pro face or delay, not that it was necessary to advocate the caane of the Bible Society, as it spoke for itself; but because it would be interesting and instructive to do so. The principles of this society were novan gelical and Protestant, and no other principles than those inculcated by the blessed booke wou!ld do in life, or could possibly satisfy in death, for it was there they found the way to Christ, whoso blood cleanoed from all aia. In this society all could unite in heart and effort, and could pray for the success of their undertakings; and all Christians had rallied round God's book. The object of the Bible Society was to oncourago a wider circulation of the holy ncriptures without either note or comment. The desiro to supply the people with the scriptures had led to the establishment of this society in England, and they had followed this examplo in this country, and all could assist in carrying out thie object of thb society. They had lost that very tblo and devoted ageat of the Parent Society, Dr. Tuckter, who had returned to Ertgland. By the last mnail he had received a paper cortaining some very interestirg accounts of the working of the bible in various parts of the world. When he was travelling in Switzurland hto had met tite son of a great statens man, who had told him of a man in Spain whom he found in chains ion auso heo had become a bible Christian. Because this man had been found with a billo in his possession he had been condemned to the galleys. Through the exertions of Sir Robert Pool and other great statesmen this matla, who had boon a captain in the army, was liberated and visited Eng land and died there. The Queen that had con datmned tils man to the galleys was no longer upon the throne of Spain, and now the whole of that country was before them and ready for the harvest; in fatl it was now the best mission fieold in the world. By circulating the scriptures in Spain they would bhe giving the inestimable riches of Christ to a people who had long boon without the broad of life. They now found that the power of Romo was brolken in Spain; and they required aussistanoo to send tho ugente of the sootoety into this country with the word ot God. The Bible Society was the handmaid to all other ovangelising societies, for without its aid it would be impossible to do much in a country lile Spain. He found that the work wsee spreading in that country, for a Sabbath-school had been sstanb lisheod at lMadrid. At one time the English resi deonts were not allowed to have a clergyman to preach to them; but things are changing there now. In Syria and Palestine a good work was being done by a godly woman, Mrs. Thompson, who had booeen the moeans of establishing schools; and the Greoekt priests were becoming aunoxious to have the scriptures circu lated among their people, one of them being in the habit of cellecting his people in the court-yard and reading the scriptures to them. Mrs. Thompson had also been the means of establishing schools for the blind; and the Bible Society had pcrinted the scriptures with raised charactors so that the blind could read them. In Abyssinia the colporteurs were to be found; and during labt year fifty-six bibles nod ovenlty-three testaments were sent out printed in the Ethiopio diu. loct. The people in Abyssinia were very ignorant, and few ol them could road. Two colporteuro had been travelling in China, and the scriptures had been printed in this remarkablo language. Tho only real opposition they mot with was from the Roman Catholics; and though there was a greoat council now sitting at Rome, he did not think they would in any wuy mend matters. Ere long the world would look upon this opposition as rotardiag real progress. However, it was their duty to pray for all who wero in error. In the Now Itebrides the Bible Soioety waso at work, and they wore seolting to translate tbhe scriptures into the various languages of the islands. This society was to bhe mot at the commencemeont of every missionary undertakting. They next came to Greece whore the Apostle Paul had laboured, and they found tho effecte oe the society thoro; anud at Thoesalonica the colpor tours were disseminating the scriptures among the successors of those to whom Paul once wrote. He oltto thought that the nsermons preached wore seldom understood unless the hearers were converted, and assisted by the power of thebo Holy Ghost. He would commend this great society to their earnest prayers and support, and he felt aure it would prosper more than it had previously done. Ho referred to Constantinople and the Tuirks, and cited an instance where a Turk who had behoen con verted from IMahometanism had to leave his country and dared not go back to Turtkey. Tho offects of the working of the society were to hbe seen wherever its agents went; and he related an instance of what it had done in a villago by the agency of one young matn, who, by his consistent conduct, had becn the mesns of reforming tile wholo viliago. The society had been abundontly Iblessed; and it was necessary that men should come forward to fill up the vacancies caunod by the death of old friends of tle society. IHe saw by the lost report that many of those with whom ho had booeen astociatod in the old country were still on the committee of the Parent Society. They ought not to be santified with hearing about the society once a year, but over give it their sympathy and asupport. Let them tato heed that they Ikneow the way of nalvation themselves and they would tatba a deeper interest it tho Ealvaton o others. There was much luxury and indulgonce in the world ir the present day. They must rnot give way to these things, but do the work they had in hand fearlesnly and well. Ho had much plausuro in proplosing the resolution. Mdr. W. Davies said ho had to matro an excueoo fot two gentlemoen who were abauent- Mr. Batts, who had been called away to Sydney on business and the Rev. Mr. Curnow,.who lhad boon sent for to go uinto the country to see some people who wore sick. i1o wished to say one word in explanation for Mr. Conolly, and that was that their colporteur had wortked part of the year ; but owing to the grant o money froem the society at home not having come to hand, he had not been travellilng for someuo time; bu he belioeveod they would have the moey beforo long and oven before the monoy camo he thought the colportiur would tgain commence hais duties. Thir colporteur had so well performed his duties and travelled so far that he had at last found it diflicult to sell the bibles. 11o had.,beocn inatrumentalir circulating a very large number of bibles through. out the southern districts. The success of this Bible Society was one of the most astonishing facts there had beon since the world began. Besides this soei ety there were similar societies in America and on the continent. These societies issued ooveral million copies of the escriptures overy year, and had expended some millions of money. He thought thot when the opponents of the scriptures subscribed flf teoen milliotns they would probably make greater headway against their circulation than they did at present. As an Englishman it had done him good to geot hold of the report, for the matters contained ia the report woro of infinite interest. The society in Englaod issued six thousand copies daily, the American four thousand, and all other sociotien two thousantd, mlaking in all a daily distribution of twelvo thousand copies of the scriptures. The Bible Society must be doing a great deal of good. Last yeoar their anciety adono issued two million copies; and where did all thease go to P Geographically, theo world was divided into fpur great divisions, and in these there wore four great empireos and filtoon king doms, and in those the bibles issued from the society were senot. Asia with its millions could rood the bible in their own tongue. Africa, cast, west, north, and south, was open to reseive the word of God; and in this country much had beoon done by Mr. Living stone to clear the way for the bible. The difficulties that once barred this land were being thrown down, and now the bible was penetrating tliis country in oarious parts. Tbho society was becoming loved in Valparniso, Peru, and those other places that had boen visited by carthquaeo and flood. The truth was being mado known to the people of Mexico, and there the admission of the scriptures was saunctioned by law. During last year twelveo thousand copies of the word of God had been sent there, and six thou sand had been ordered for schools in Moxico. So ehere was a hope that the people of that dis tracteod country would become educated in that true light which would maeto men of them, Time would fail him to tell of the United States, of Ca nada, of Greenland, and'of numerous other places where the bible was doing its work. The bible was encircling the globe, from Greenland to Patagonia, and they could hardly go into any country where you would not find a bible in its own language. The Biblo Society had beeoon doing a great work, and was worthy of thuirsymputhy and their prayers. Seventy yosrs ago there wnas no Bible Society that circulated the scriptures without note or comment, and this grout institution was sseantially a movement of mo dern limes. No less than four millions and a half of bibles, testaments, and leaflets were distributed in 1862 at the world's fair, and two millions and a half ,f copies at the great exhibition in Paris in 1861. In one instance a colportour had travelled a thousand miles to be present at i fair to distribute bibles; and many instances were on record of these men travel ling long distances to dispose of the word of truth. In IMadrid, the bheart of Spain, tho bible was now eirculatsd. He was not now breaking lances with other denominations, but simply stating what really was the case. Since Spain had been opened to them two hundred and fifty thousand copies had boon sent to the dep8t established'in that country. This was evidently the work of (God. Whero this book was pormittud to have its sway it had wrought a mighty ohange. Nation after nation had arisen and faollen, yet the word of God had not failed, but still hold its sway in the world. Human intellect, prowess, nrt, nor scieonce could save them; but the word of God could. Paganism and the bloody rites of heathenism are all opposed to the bible and its work; and yet it prevailed, and this was an incon trovertible faict that this society was the work of God. Though a few bibles might be occanionnlly burned, they wero still winning their widening way, far as creation's bounds extended. The society took no credit to itself; it held itself only as a wneak in otrumont. This auxiliary, as a daughter of that worthy mottler the parent society, wandoing sorme thing in this land. With the blossing of God tthey would endoavour to do a great detal more in the futuro than they bud dune in the past. In conclu sion, hbe said as treasurer he had no balance-sheet to present, as all the moneys collected by the ladies had not come to hand; but he thanked those who had seunt in the money, and also those who intended to do so. The Lord Bishop of Goulburn said that there had been a bible society in connection with his church for two hundred years past; so that Mr. Davies had no doubt inadvertently said there was no bible society seventy years ago. Mr. Davios said that the sooiety alluded to by his Lordship was the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge; and though, like other re ligious organizations, it had doubtless circulated copies of the scripture, this was not its sole, nor in deed its principal work ; and therefore it could not properly be deemed a bible society. The resolution was then put and carried. The Rev. R. Leigh. moved the next resolution ans follows : Ihot thcatrlhoo oy thpproperteog ho givon to the potron, peceldonth tee. eetdeote, otttoo c od eommi tte o eeod otao to heo onby oooetoe; nod thert the orontalog he the o hiechn nd commtthee to thd o cotog yonr, itah penor to tttt op vsno tole ,-1'teon, tho Lord ittohop of Gouthern; preotdent, 0. it. w. Ioari, Ergq.; ve-proeudento, the Very Rco. thoe ?oot ot coulburo, o chv W. Curnow, Roy. I. Leti thoad V. Devto?, Eo g; treonuruore, W. Doies, fosq.; ccotetol, A. Dettn, Esq., od ol.ly irk, Eiq. ; committee, A. Anderson, J. iull, W. Couooy, 00. Coo t. 0. Clnrkn, T. trent, ? e . IIorrtot, it. C. t plto, II. Lord, 3. oughynrd, t. ~oueetlfe, - io Croedte, O. we. Fevomh, 3. Pele, 0. tunaoil, nudd nil mlgntcrs of ereglton ho aore meombren of this no titery. It was scercely approprieto for him to move a vote. of thanks to a ucomemittee of which he wn to moe hor. He need not uter pn n t habed been so tbly dwolt upoen by others. c ircumstnTes osver which they had no control hbd roterdod their offorts somo bohnt during the past yer. If they wore loft to do l the moerle themsolves and overcom i The diM crlies uonided it won not to he expected that they could do much. It wos very clear that a vote of ibhnos wos duo to those ludiee who went from house to hous to collect money for the society. Let them boldly go on withthe worlI end have no misgivinge os to the course they ought to pursue. There wore old people who endehvourod to damnge thoeword of God, and who sent forth old idees of their own that ought to hove boon buried long go. Eeon the roeie and unearthed monuments had beon mode toll of the excellenciee of the scriptures. The eariptueae had boen passed from the mon of God in death to others who had bept them pure end holy. The bible had found its way into the battle-fielde nod sceons of death and done mueh good, and still it wes the name clear word of the liring God. Mr. H. Lord seconded the resolution. He hod much pleasure in supporting a veto of thanks to the old committee, and hi hoped the nw one 0would do their duty; and ho felt sure they could not got on very well witbout the Iodies. Tho resolution woas put to the mooting and carriod. ar. Davies said that MIr. osasi was tho beoat president they ever had, and he thought he was also the beat chairman for such an occasion, and he was very ploaned to find that he had boon again elected their president. He thon moved a vote of thankso to Ir. Rossi for his conduct as president of the so cioty and for presiding on that occasion. The motion hoaving boon carried by aeclamation, MIr. Rossi said he felt ha was not altogetoher worthy of the praiose beostowed upon him, and thought his soervices were over-estimated. The Rev. H. Leigh having pronounced the boneo diction, the meeooting separated. 