THE PERSONAL INFALLIBILITY \ OF THE HOLY FATHER. 1 / {Fiom tlie Weekly lieyistcr.) | oouaepr our menus nave written to asu wny we do not more decidedly advocate the opinions held bV the schools of which, in this country, hi3 Grice the Ar3hbishop of Westminster is one of the leading representatives. Others, are far from .pleased because we have not given more prominence to the opinions held by the Bishop of Orleans, and to which the Bishop of Marseilles has more recently added his endoi'sement. We do not understand tne joisnop oi \\_meaus ana those who think with him to wish to dispute the infallibility of the Roman Pontiff, bub they deem it more judioious not to define the same at present, as, in doing so, scandal would be given to manjr non -Catholics, now at the very porch of the Church, bub whose entrance thereunto would most likely be prevented if a new doc trine were held out for their acceptance. They add the consideration of the difficulty that would be felt agaiust the new dograa by the Oriental Churches, not at present in communion with the Holy Sae, and other singular arguments. They also urge the fact that it does not appear from any document that has issued from the Holy Father that it is his intention to submit the subject to the Council, whiia many bishops— among whom may be mentioned the distin guished Bishop of Poitiers, — have expressed very strongly their sense of the necessity of the most ample consideration and balancing of argu ments before such a definition can be made. To all who have favoured us with their opin ions on the subject we must say . — Nob only do we Rot intend, ab the present crisis, to take this or that side of. the controversy, but we maintain, that it would be a journalistic impertinence if we did so. Like every other thinking Catholic,, wo have our own views and- oar own opinions upon the subject ; bat to thrust them upoa our readers at a season when, humanly speaking, aa (Ecumenical Council of the Church is about to settle the coutroversey, would be aboub the most un- Catholic line of action thab a Catholic paper could take, and would be greatly opposed to the line pointed out to uh by the Holy Father.. Why have the subjects that aro to be discussed by the Council been keph a profound secret at the Vatican ? Certainly in order that the minds of the faithful may nob be disturbed, and that sacred topics upon which the bishops of the whole world are to deliberate should not become mere subjects for newspaper writing and news paper advocacy. Whatever may be thought of the arguments adduced by the Bishop of Orleans against the opportuneness of the definition, most right- miuded Catholics will agree with him in the sorrow that he expresses at having been obliged to put them forward by the indecent dis cussion of dogmatic subjects by laymen in the Press of Franco and elsewhere. One of our own bishops had not long ago to speak very earnestly about the mischief of similar discussions in this country. Let them by all means be left to those who, like our own Archbishop, have a right to speak on the matters which may come bofore the Council. The decisions of the (Ecumenical Council will be given through the influence of the Holy Spirit. What the Fathers of the Church decide and promulgate as the opinions of the Council will, and musb, when approved of tjy the Holy See, and published to the world, be accepted by all Catholics under paiaof mortal sin. Of this there cannot possibly be any doubt ; and, thank God, in Catholics of all shades of opinion the same obedience ia mauifest. 'What the Council decides we will accept as the voice of th« Holy Spirit,' waa never more universally felt, never held in a more decidedly Catholic spirit than at the present day. 3ut no greater error — no greater impertinence towards UUC V^UCUIJIJ. UU UU.CJ ULiC DlllC, C4UU UUVVdlU-O xulj readers on the other — could be committed by a Catholic newspaper than to take tip one side or other of a discussion upoa which rnen are now so much divided, and upon which eminent scholars, divines, and theologians are awaiting the decision of the Holy Spirit, as speaking through the voice of the Church. And still less — if possible — do wo approve of the tone of re proof — almost of abuse — which some of our contemporaries have adopted towards fellow Catholics — even towards bishops of the Church whose views do nob accord with their own on this matter. Our own plain and simple duty, as we see ib, — as we believe the immense majority of judicious, sensible Catholics see it, — ia to wait in pati ence what, may be brought forward at the Coun cil of the Vatican, and what that assembly— which all Catholics musb believe to be infallible ?vill decide upon. If the personal Infallibility of the Holy Father, when speaking ex cathedra^ )-e decided to be a do^ma of the taith, it will have no more zealous defenders than ourselve3. If — as some believe will be the case — the ques tiun be never mooted one way or another, oc onlv mooted to be adjourned as inopportune, ; we shall believe in the prudence of the Catholic Church, guided by the Holy Ghost. There are auite enough enemies for us to fight outside the Catholic camp, without seeking to create inter- \ nal divisions within its limits ; and as we believe if men would only wait for the Voice from which there can be no appeal, the present crisis would be got over without giving our common adversaries any occasion to rejoice. 