SPIRITISM Ono ovoning, last November, Miss Harriott TacVa- berry, of Ohio, gavo a publio stance nt Irving Hall, Olcvoland, which was neatly arranged for the occa sion . Lliss Tackftborry is a young woman, about, twenty-oight years olu, of modest nppearanco and medium height.' Up to tlio prcsonb alio lias iu>t figured pronunontly m the spiritual world— or rallicr her powors as a modiura have nob as yot kccoms sufficiently known. For 'that reason, probably, ths attendance was voiy limited, tlio'mqjority being stern unbolievers. In tho contra of 'tho hall a stand was 'erected,' upon which was placed n cabinet, wherein was to tako placo tho communion willi the spirits of tho oMior world. . . Miss Tacbnberry was regularly introduced l»y n, Mr. Thirbor, who stated that all questions tcmlcnd to her would bo promptly answered- -by tho spirits summoned. A eommitteo of four was thoirappomtrd to see that 110 deception would bo practised. Willi commondnblo rapidity tho four strong men tied the lndy's hands behind her back and, having scaled her mouth with adhesive plaster, sho took hor sent in tho cabinot, wliich, containing a guitar, a concertina and two boils, wnsimnicdiutely. closed. Tlio ushers thon proceeded to collect Mio questions, wliich, being read to. tho medium from . outside, some interesting intelligence was elicited. A fiery gentleman, doubt less tho worso for tlio roconfc speculations in Wall- street, asked what tho prico 01 Now York Central 'would bo tho following doy, to wliioh a mullled voice, liko that of an old mnn, ropliod thnt it would bo tho samo as on tho day preceding— a picco of in formation that created much lnughter. -Tlio spirit was evidently not posted on stocks. Again, a voting lady of'proposso&stng; appoaranco— pcriiaps already jilted— was anxious to ascertain whother any mar- rioges took placo in tho spirit world, and if "so could" ' any divorcos bo obtained. Tho voico.'from tho sentry box announced tho alarming news that inarriago was a favourite' institution thore, and that divorces could bo secured at a low figuro. By tho way it should be mentioned that 110 fewer than fivo spirits wcro call"! up, each speaking with a different voice. Tlm humour aud pleasant fooling displayed by'llic audi oneo scorned by somo strungo coincidence to lmvo been thoroughly appreciated by tho ghosts tbeui- solves, for in reply to witty interrogations thoy were fully equal to tho occasion. No question was de clined, and though tho questions woro not tilwuy.-i intclligiblo or satisfactory, tho ready and jocular manner in which they woro responded to created a fuvourublo impression of .tho spirits, and the vast experience which thoy undoubtedly scorned to possess After enlightening tho nudionco on sovoral important subjects, such ns the diet, clothes, and general de meanour of tho spirits, "Ben," na tho witty goblin quoiiMy called upon was familinrly termed, filially gave a song not unliko " Lannignn's Bull, Miougu the words woro not sufficiently recognisable. Wben tlio doors of Mio enhinot wero thrown open tbo medium was discovered reclining upon a chair, »p|u rontly in a trance, tho adhesive plaster elHlfccovcriag her mouth. A member of tho ;commitlco having pronounced ovory thing "squaro," iindthointorloeu'cr outside on the platform having desired Ben to ring a bell, a slight tinkling was heard, the cabinet nt tbo snmo tiino giving a lurch as if struck by a blow of a bolster. The spirits -woro again summoned and" nneworod sovornl questions, though many growled at tho replies, Subsequently, at the roqucst of a plea sant looking young man, ono of tho spirits gave a song entiMod "Gypsy's Davy," which, lo s»ylbtf least, was a good rollicking air, and oupitally rondered. Two voices sang nltornntely, and tho offcct was lugb'y relished. In 'response: to Uio request of tho inan«gl,|,» who b Luted that tlio iiiediuni must now bo aliuo.-'t ex hausted, Uio stance was brought to a close, mid on tho cabinot again boing. oponod Miss Taokubcrry was still soon seated in tho ohalr. Itestoralives having beon applied, she woko as if from a good sound iIinw, — and sccmod surpriflod tliat hor mouth should slid bo covered with tho piaster. It wns patent to all that if Miss Tackaborry wow ablo to open hor .mouth whilo in tho cabinet -ebo is uncjuostiouably'po'ssessod of good vontriloquuil powei, which might clsowhero bo brought into good requisi- tion, Another Ghost Yarn,—" For sovoral days pari," .writes tho Bendh/o Independent, -" n numbor of jwrsoiw in Goldon-BquarcMmvo boon greatly oxoitcd nt hearing tluit n well-known grocor in that noigHbourliood had _ 8>vornthqt his houso „was.Jiaunto(I ; .and tliat on — mora than ono occasion, in tlio dead of night, ho h«« scoii a mysterious unknown orouturo aitting at hn llrosido, uftor ho und tlio other inmatoB had ratired ._U> rest.' According to Mio'story, 0110 night tliis week, a few minutes after gottiug into bod, ho. was startlod by feoing a terrible apparition pass aoross. tho room, a'1'' .vanish .iuuii- instant ;>and- on- going- into .tho_b)iL1\ — room wus still further alarmod at sooing tho forni w a woman arrayed in whilo Hitting before the fim, - which on his approach iuHlunllx disappeared, emwnfi 'each piirticnlar linir to sluml on end/ uud eucli P»r" ticular leg to make tracks." 