CAMIBEROIONA V. ACKBAR. Lb the )ditor of the Standard. Sra,--Writing to your valuable paper a fortnight ago, I naturally expected that, were any reply given, that reply would be written in a civil and goutlomanly manner; but now I flnd I was greatly mistaken, and that " Canuboroona" proelfu to bray out a numn bar of insullting epithets-aimed at no indi. vidual aubject, but in a general vague way, which makes the letter the more despicable; and similar to a pugilist who has been irre trievably beaten by the skilful and woll delivered blows of his antagonist, ho strikes. out blindly as a last resource. Even grantiung that I appeared as the ghost of' the defunct " Aclbar," must not overy render of youear paper have exclaimed of " Omlberoonll," on reading my former lotter, with the wanudoring spl)irit in the immortal 1jml',t \- --- ' e stole With juice of curstl htI bitlio in a vial, And in the porches of my urs tlid tpour The leperous distilment." Mnst they not have exclaimed thus, on seeing this modern Claudius, who, observing his thults mada patent, comes out in the garb of majesty icbollod against, flinging his iveeoo tives on those who had the audacity to rouse his " mighty ire," ol which he boasted so much ill his former letter. But, Sir, sitnce " Camnberoona " has wisely withdrawn, I have no wish to lengthen my remarks, for no doubt he feels as the ass mentioned in the Promclhchus Yincleus of tEchylus, that kieked against the well-tom pered goad, and, already wounded, only wounds himself the more, and at last is rebel lious no longer. And I would also, for his future guidhance, remind him of the old Spanlish proverb "Qaiecn siembra abrojes, no nude descalzo;" " Who sows thorns, lot him not walk bare foot;" and I hope he will profit by the advico; and as Seneca tells us that " Sera nu?ualnsu est ald bonos mores via," I havo no doubt that if " Camborooua " at any tuaturo period appear in your columns, his good sense will lead him to moderate the tone of his epistle, and not drag a second time the heros of antiquity through the mrire of his roemarks. I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, 1ML0. Pmwn us. 