XJNPER the spell. CHAPTER XV. EyFBEDEI1ICKWILLIAM BOBtNSOhV PEITDESCE GUBNEXT bowed as William Ernest Lanceford raised his hat. It had not been a formal introduction of Mr. Gurnett'B; but it answered the purpose. ii your father was only speaking of his holidays this morning, Miss Gurnett, and wondering when he should hear from 11 "Little thinking that I was on my way to take care of him myself," she replied, with an affectionate glance in the direction of her sire. . « Ah! you were always fona of surprises, Prae," said the father, returning her ^Had William Ernest Lanceford not known the real Mr. Gurnett till that instant ? It was veiy strange; but how young.and bright he looked that day, and what a different man he seemed in the company of his only child. The change reminded him of his mother standing by an only child's side also, and regarding father and daughter with no little interest. « Mamma, will you let me introduce you to my tutor, Mr. Gurnett ?—a gentleman who is using his best exertions to make a scholar out of the crudest materials." The introduction was made, and the nervous Mr. Gurnett coloured and changed his stick from the right hand to his left, and expressed his pleasure with a great deal of stammering at making the acquaintance of Mrs. Lanceford. " You must allow me to. thank you also, Mr. Gurnett, for your great care of my boy. That I find him nearly a young man, with still a boy's frankness and affection, speaks volumes for your teaching." " He is a good youth," murmured Mr. Gurnett, "I have only cultivated those traits of character natural to him before I became his tutor. He is " " That'll do, Mr. Gurnett," cried Willie, very red in the face with all these praises; "I'm a wonderful youth, and my mother is perfectly aware of tho fact. Where is the pie to pull out a plum and say ' what a good boy am I!' I hope it's a large pie too, for the drive has seriously affected my appetite." " Tour daughter, Mr. Gurnett ? " inquired Mrs. Lanceford. 1 My dear daughter Prudence," he said, with bis eyes lighting up again. "One whom I could praise too if I liked." " And tell some sad stories of, papa ? " with a merry laugh. " Ah ! not many. Mrs. Lanceford will you allow me to introduce you to one of the best daughters in the world ? My daughter —Mrs. Lanceford." The tutor tucked the stick under his arm and rubbed one large veined hand over the other, and forgot his nervousness in his satisfaction. Mrs. Lanceford turned to Prudence, and when two very dark brown eyes were looking at her, she changed colour for a moment. " I—I fancy I have seen your face before, MisB Gurnett," said Mrs. Lanceford, with some little hesitation. " No, I think not," answered that young lady in a brisk manner, very pleasant to hear. "I never forget a face, Mrs. Lanceford, and those who have once met with this plain countenance of mine are never at a loss to remember it." "No, you are too young," murmured Mrs. Lanceford, passing' her arm through her son's, and leaning somewhat heavily on him. Willie glanced at her inquiringly. " Are you not well, mamma?" " Only one of my old palpitations of the heart. I Bhall be better in an instant." Mrs. Lanceford was right. In an instant she was talking to Miss Gurnett again, and had relinquished the support of Willie's arm. " Have you come from London, Miss Gurnett?" "Yes, madam." "You have not begun well with the county." "Yes, I think I have," said Miss Gurnett.' "I don't object to a rainy day hundreds of miles from London, and after all the diy season it would be uncharitable to begrudge these thirsty trees, and the parched flowers their fair share of moisture. Besides, to-morrow ' everything will be the bettor for it, and I have my dear father to myself for a month? 7 '' - Mrs. Lanceford - smiledat the enthusiastic manner of Mr. Gumett's daughter. " You are not in the country very often, I think?" " I have not been so many miles from London since I was a child, Mrs. Lanceford," replied Prudence Gurnett. "Something has always stopped me at the eleventh .hour—' a sick child once—a rather hard mistress h once—an illness of my own once—the loss of my half-year's savings once. Ah I if he who picked my pocket at the railway-station last year had knownhow fond I was of the .country, and how little I saw of the country, I think he would have put my purse back' and tried for the fat old' farmer's beside' me." Mr. Gurnett rubbed one hand over the other again and chuckled ; .and finally burst into a laugh. Willie had never heard^ him Ungh before and it rather alarmed Itim. "Always .in high sjwite, '^Prae," he cried. "Well, well,'well,it does' znegood to see you!" ' . . . "Mrs. Lanceford must not imagine that it was all the money I had in the world," continued little Miss Garnett; " bat it was all the money I could spare for reokless dissipation. 80 much ta year : will I save, so nrnoh a ^——- year papa « will — save, — 1 until'we — can buy a cottage in the country, and live happy.I ever' ««— afterwards, T - l!l like 1 people 1 - in : H fairy books." " This is singular," thought Mrs. Lanceford. An hour sinoe talking of the future for herself aud son, and how she was .'looking forward to it; and here-at her side another couple, a father and -an; only child, looking forward also ! ,.<At eo .early a stage of their acquaintance she could have' taken Miss Garnett to her breast to hear her tele of that cottage, to watch her eyes light up at the thought of seeing her father..more often, and sharing her. life with, him. , No, no, it was not a face like .Miss Gumett's that had startled her andsether heartbeating, —she was mistaken there. "Well, it. keeps gaining," remarked Willie, " and these creepers will not remain waterproof much longer. I propose an adjournment to the best parlour,sandM early a dinner as possible, under the circumstances. Mr. Gurnett, you and your daughter are weatherbound like ourselves—may we ask the pleasure of your company to dinner? " "Thank you, my dear lad, thank you, but—" " ' But me no buts,'" cried his pupil, "Mrs. Lanceford will second the motion I. am sure." " Willingly,'" responded Mrs. Lanceford, " although I may have selfish motives in the background. I may wish to trouble you too much about my Willie, sir." " Forward, then 1" said Willie. " Now landlord, your best room. This way, ~ Miss Gurnett, if you please.". And rather inclined to play the grand, prince—for he was a Lanceford with plenty of money in his pocket—he gave himself a few regal airs, and led .the way to the best sitting-room in the domain of the Rising Sun. Mr. Gurnett and Mrs. Lanceford followed at a little distance, and as they ascended two or three steps into a neatly furnished room, looking over a pleasant bit of garden-ground, Mrs. Lanceford said— " May I ask what is your daughter's profession ? " • " Teaching, madam," answered Mr. Gurnett. " It runs in our family, I think. At all events, Prudence has a great gift that way." " It must be very tedious. Had I fifty daughters I would not bring one up as a schoolmistress." " Twelve or thirteen years ago, I dreamed not of Prudence or myself earning money in this manner. But we form two of a very large class."- " And that class is—? " "Those who have known better days. When one's fortune slips suddenly away, it is merciful that our wits remain to help us." Mrs. Lanceford might have truly confessed to belonging to the same class as Mr. Gurnett and his daughter. For it is a wide, wide class, and the name of those who have known better days is legion. Money alone make not the better days that have slipped away from many of us pilgrims—the days when we had greater faith, and there were fewer faces to be missed, were the days for you and me, perhaps! Meanwhile Prudence Gurnett and William Ernest Lanceford had found time to exchange a few words also, before their respective parents had followed them into the parlour. " I did not expect to meet to-day one to whom my father is so well known," said Prudence Gurnett, " and one to whom my father is so much attached. May I ask," she added, after a backward glance, " if any change in him has struck you, Master Lanceford ? " Master Lanceford! That was coming it pretty strong for his tutor's daughter, thought Willie. No, Master Lanceford (with emphasis) had remarked no change in Mr. Gurnett. " He appears older and more weak than when he came to London last," said Prudence Gurnett; "but I am .an anxious daughter, looking forward to the great change for the better that never seems to come!" "Your father enjoys very good health, Miss Gurnett, I assure you." " I am pleased to hear it. He has told me so before; but then I am very distrustful, knowing that he always keeps the worst from me. I am so glad to meet. you," she added after a pause. Willie blushed at this frank remark, and Prudence's quick eyes detected bis change of countenance. " For selfish motives, Master Lanceford— because you have taken a load off my heart, and made me happy. I only wanted to feel quite sure he was well, to give free play to those poor rusty spirits of mine that a government school has kept under lock and key for the last six months—for the last twelve months; for what was Christmas without my dear old papa to share it with me! How I shall enjoy .the country now. What a happy lad you are to be ever within it!" Confound it, this was a trifle too personal She must be laughing at him, and the rusty spirits she had spoken of were all coming out in a lump! When the entrance of his mother and tutor distracted Miss Gurnetfs attention, he crossed to the mantelpiece, and feigning an interest in some shells and shepherds thereon, glanced askance at himself in the glass. He certainly did not look a lad ; going on for nineteen, tall' for his age, down on his upper lip', a fluffy patch 011 each Bide of his cheek, collar and coat of the latest cutquite a man! Why, when he came to critically examine himself, he ?was .quite a man of the world—one who had seen life, and was up;to a thing, or two—'pon his And : yet.here, was a little plain gipsy-faced .girl, not much older than himself, calling, him Master Lanceford, and telling him that he ought to be a happy lad! ; - He was rather inclined to put on an extra manly bearing after that, and to-ring for the landlord, and order the pony to be: seen to, and. the dinner to be hastened, in tones more decisive and firm—consequently more manlike. Mr. Gurnett and his mother seemed a little surprised by his manner; the landlord called hira "sir" several times, and once said, "yes, your honour;" but as -for. MisB Gurnett, if she said Master Lanceford once before dinner, she said it twenty times! After mature consideration, he did.not think Miss Gurnett a particularly agreeable young personage. He did not .mind her being unimpressed, by . the knowledge that her father was pnly his tutor; but to treat him like a little boy was rather cool ,on first a . acquaintance. ' The rnL K rain Moin continued . all dinner-time, and when the dinner was over the drops were of an extra size and coming down in larger quantities. Still the time passed not away veiy elowly, for Miss Gurnett was a lively girl, and soniequaint remarks which she made caused him to laugh even against his will And Mr. Gurnett was changed too; he looked many years a younger man sitting there, smiling end nodding .his .hepd at all bis daughter's pleasantries. When Mrs. Lanceford and Miss Gurnet); had left Willie and JiJs tutor .oyer a bottle of wine, Mr. Garnett said— V Well, is she not a girl of. whom a father should be proud? ". " No doubt you are proud of her," an swered Willie somewhat evasively. « mat Sent spirits shi hi*! " ;. { tiie^amB^a!toys the same,"> reiterated Mr. Gurnett; "ever the pleasant laugh and the light word, and the laugh and the word always at the right time!" William Ernest Lanceford was not so certain of that, though he kept his opinion to himself. "And as for her affection," continued Mr. Gurnett, with tears in his eyes, " it is a something which makes amends for all past sorrows and humiliation. My dear Willie, there was' never a girl more self-denying, never one more worthy of a father's undivided love. God has blessed her with a cheerful heart, and," with a sigh, " that is a great gift for which the few who possess it are not sufficiently thankful." Is she inclined to be satirical at times, Mr. Gurnett ? " "Satirioal! Bless me, no—what made you think of that?" "Oh! I don't know—a mere fancy of mine." " She's a clear-sighted girl—a veiy sharp and clever girl," ran on this doting father, " but not a bit satirical." " Then she really takes me for a boy," thought Willie as he caught up a copy of the county paper and hid his mortificatic : therein. It was not many moments before his eye began to widen at one particular paragraph, and his hands to clutch the paper firmly. " Mr. Gurnett!'' he cried at last. Mr. Gurnett, wlio had been looking from the window at the rain, jumped round on the instant. " What is it ? no bad news, I hope ? " " You seem always expectant of bad news, Mr. Gurnett," said Willie, with a laugh. "No, it's only strange news." " As quick as you can, if you please," said Mr. Gurnett, dropping into the chair he had recently quitted, and regarding Willie with great intentness. "Perhaps it's a mistake," said Willie; "these county papers.do blunder matters strangely in their attempts to be a trifle mysterious. Can you remember a friend of yours developing at any time histrionic abilities far above the average, Mr. Gur—?" Mr. Gurnett had cut short the question by rising ghost-like in his chair, leaning silently across the table, and fairly snatching the newspaper from his pupil's hands. " Excuse me, but, but, but you tantalise me—you drive me mad. What do you mean by a friend of mine—by histrionic abilities ? Where's the paragraph ?—what is it ?—who is it, William Lanceford ? " Mr. Gurnett had spread the paper on the table, and was bending over it with a white and eager faoe, and trembling in every limb. Willie, unable to account for his tutor's excitement, and somewhat inclined to feol alarmed for his sanity, leaned over the paper and pointed out the paragraph. "There is nothing to be exoited about, Mr. Gurnett." But Mr. Gumett's quick eye had already devoured the news, and a muttered " thank God!" escaped him as Willie concluded his assurance. After a moment's effort to collect his thoughts, Mr. Gurnett read the paragraph again, and said, "Possibly invented to fill up the paper, and yet possibly true." "But Edmund is at the LimeB, and surely Nathan " " Stop a moment," said Mr. Gurnett, becoming nervous again, as he groped hurriedly in the pocket of his coat and vest. " I have a letter of Nathan's somewhere. He's a good young man, and has never forgotten our old pleasant studies together. He wrote to me a few days since, stating that he should spend a few days with a college friend previous to coming on to the LimeB. Ah! here's the letter." " And it is addressed from— Willie. "Enderfield House, as I'm man!" ejaculated Mr. Gurnett. living Willie Lanceford seized the paper, and once more devoted his attention to the obnoxious paragraph. PEIVATB TKEA.TBIOA.LS AT ESDEBPIELD HOUSE. —Yesterday evening, Sir John Olitherstone, Bart., gave an amateur theatrical entertainment to the nobility and gentry of the neighbourhood, at his princely residence, Enderfield House, Devonshire. The pieces represented, we understand, were Othello and the farbe of High Life Below Stain. The charaoters were well sustained by the honourable baronet's eon and his college friends; and report assures us that the part of Othello, represented by a eon of the wealthy Mr. L d, of the L——f, in our own county, was played with a histrionio ability far above the average. An eye witneBB of the gay and festive scene assures us that no small amount of genius was exhibited by the representative of the Venetian Moor. 1 "Well," said Willie, taking a deep breath, " Nathan Lanceford's coming out at last. ' I could have imagined my wild brother Ned blacking hie face and going through a series of stage antics; but quiet, matter-of-fact, bashful Nathan, playing Othello, is a settler for me. How his knees must have knocked together before he went on!" " I'm not so sure of that." "'No small amount of genius,' too, says the flowery reporter," cried Willie, who wanted an excuse to grumble at something. " This fellow is a satirist, if your daughter Prudence is not." Nathan was no common lad, and will be no common main,'' said Mr. Gurnett. "I always felt that there was geniuB in that boy; but, oh I dear, oh! deaT, I did not think it would take a turn in this direction." . ' "Why, you can't find fault with private theatricals, Mr. Gurnett." "No, no4 but if it lead to a love of the stage, to that accursed desire to parade before the footlights—that fallacy which has led hundreds to ruin!" •: "Nathan is to be a parson, Mr. Lanceford says." .a. " He'll never be that, let Mr. Lanceford's will be even as strong sis he fancies." " Well, I do not think Nat has a wiH of his own, and if he has played Othello with success—and Til not believe it till he owns it himself—I don't think it will turn his head, or make him stage-struck." Mr. Gurnett walked to the window again, and relapsed into a brooding fit, from whioh Willie's remarks failed to arouse him. Once the pupil put a direct question to him concerning the probability of ite.turaingout a fine evening; but Mr. Gurnet^ far gone in his reverie, made no reply. Willie sat and sipped his wine, and wondered if Mr, Gurnett had ever been ah actoiv-he was always quoting the old , dramatists—and why-he had giyen way to a fit of excitement I at the mere mention jof a «encl po8BM8ing histrionic ability. that man standing by the window, thought Willie; he was as weak as a child, and a I child might lead him! All his learning, all his book knowledge, had but impaired his faculties; possibly be had studied too hard and. softened his brain. He had been a pleasant, good- tempered, chatty old gentleman when he first met him that morning; now he was the nervous, restless Mr. Gurnett whom Edmund Lanceford disliked, and who. had been so long a tutor at the Limes. The re-entrance of Mrs. Lanceford an^ Miss Gurnett gave a turn to affairs, and the thoughtful man at the window changed once more his dark expression of countenance as his daughter's hands clasped his arm, and his daughter's face looked upwards into his. " Thinking again, papa!" said Prudence Gurnett. " Why, did you not promise to give up thinking for the next few weeks ? " " Thought is a tyrant, my girl," said he, passing his hands over her dark braids of hair; " I must resist it more stoutly, lest it conquer me." " You have had something to excite you sigce Mrs. Lanceford and I left ? " , '-'VVery little; a chance word or two, 'S^aning nothing, but yet striking home to the mark, as chance words will at times. ThereI shake off my enemy—this is holiday time, Prue." " And it shall be a holiday we will never forget—a foretaste of the happy days when you and I have that cottage together. It shall be near the sea too—you are fond of it." " Anywhere, my little visionary." " Not a visionary, for the money is accumulating now we are both in full work, and the cottage in the air comes nearer and nearer to earth." " Mrs. Lanceford is wondering what we are talking about, Prue," said Mr. Gurnett, as he led her from the window. "No; Mrs. Lanceford knows all about our future schemes; I have made her my confidante," said Miss Gurnett, with a bright smile, returned by the elder lady. Mrs. Lanceford and Miss Gurnett had made great progress in each other's affection during the time they had sat together in the room upstairs. Mrs. Lanceford had evinced so much love for her boy, and Prudence so much for her father. They were both women alone in the world, women with one hope, and each read in each other a story of the past which was sacred, and wherein muoh trouble has possibly been endured Yes, Mrs. Lanceford fancied she read as much as that in the gipsy face of Prudence Gurnett. Light as her heart seemed now, the young life of the teacher had already known' troublo. Mrs. Lanceford had detected it the instant she spoke of the father down stairs. " He met with a great sorrow when I was a child too young to alleviate it, and yet too old not to comprehend the extent of hiB grief. I often wish I had been a woman at that time; I do not think he would have given way so utterly or taken so long a time to recover his strength. But I must make amends for the past, Mrs. Lanceford." And she clenched her email dark-skinned hand, and looked determined to do so. Mrs. Lanceford on her return to the room had sought out Mr. Gurnett, and broached the threadbare but untiring subject of her Willie ; and Willie and Prudence Gurnett, left to themselves, became better friends, especially as the little lady only called him Master Lanceford once during the remainder of the day. The rain ceased at last too, and Prudence without a bonnet was tripping in and out of the landlord's garden and bringing in with the landlord's sanction and consent, handfuls of rain-laden roses, to tie up aud take home to the apartments which father and daughter had hired for a month, a little way from Abbotsbury, and close to the Chesil Bank, where the wild play of the waves might be seen to advantage. Willie, tired of indoor life, and that narrow strip of a room with its ugly paper on the walls, was glad to assist Miss Gurnett in despoiling the garden also, and tugged so recklessly at the flowers that he had to be reproved by the young lady for abusing the confidence and generosity of the landlord of the Hieing Sun " Oh ! never mind him, Miss Gurnett, said Willie; " we mustn't stand upon ceremony at inns." " Perhaps he's fond of flowers." "I'll pay him for all he objects to my taking." " But you'll not be able to put them back again, Master Lanceford." Willie stopped, with his hands amongst the scarlet geraniums, as the one Master Lanceford we have mentioned grated on his ear again. He was a quick youth and he blushed a little, as he fancied that he had found a clue to the " Master Lanceford " of Miss Gurnett. He had been a fool, and too " bumptious!,"—he had been playing the grandee because he was the eon of Mr. Lanceford of the Limes, and she was only the daughter of his tutor. He had forgotten that the tutor had been a gentleman once, and that his daughter might have all the acute feelings of the lady. He hadjforgotten himself too a little, and the sharp young lady before him had called him to order by designating him Master Lanceford and^peminding him of his youth, and thuB offering it as an excuse for his oonduct. What a mean-spirited cur he was to be sure! What an ass this Mr. Gurnetfs daughter must oonsider him! " You're right, Mies Gurnett," said Wil lie; "it is an abuse of the host's good nature, and I won't take all the buds and leave him only the heavy full-blooms to be scattered by the first wind." They entered the house and found Mrs. Lanceford still listening to Mr. Gumett's reaital of the progess'her Willie was making in his studies. " Are you not afraid of catching cold, Prue, and spoiling -the holiday after all ? " asked Mr. Gurnett. "Not in tiie stout pur of double soles I have brought expressly for country work," replied" his daughter; " not in this beautiful warm weather, with the sun drying up everything as fast as it can, like a considerate sun that knows I am only free for four weeks. Are you ready to set out, papa? " " If you are not afraid it is too damp, my dear." " I am anxious to get comfortably settled in those dear little rooms that we walked across the .fields to see this morning." ' " Mrs. Lanceford and you had better take advantage of the pony chaise, and leave Mr. Gurnett and I to walk to Weymouth, 1 ' suggested Willie. . s . "Sfconk yon, but I oonldnot lose the opportunity of a walk this beautiful evening, ' Mr. Lanceford, even if our routes were the same, which they are not." Mr. Lanceford, this time. Rather an agreeable young lady, take her altogether! Bather a saucy Bmile too, when the Mr. was delivered, that showed she had been making fun of him hefore. ' The pony chaise was ready at last; Willie, from, his well-filled purse, defrayed the expenses of the day in an unostentatious manner at the bar, when nobody was looking, and then Mr. Gurnett and his only child went one way and Mrs. Lanceford and her only child another. As the father raised his hat, and the daughter waved her band after the receding chaise, Mrs. Lanceford, after acknowledging their last adieux, said, "A good and clever man, that Mr. Gurnett. Your father made a wise choice, Willie." "Yes—I think so." "How did Mr. Lanceford become acquainted with that gentleman, I wonder ? " "Mr. Lanceford had heard of his ability, I believe, mamma." " And what sorrow has Mr. Gurnett met with early in life, to make him look so old and grey?" continued the inquisitive Mrs. Lanceford. "He tells me he is not fifty yet." • - He keeps his sorrows to himself, mamma!" "Well—" with a sigh, "it is beat. The world does not sympathise, and our friends only think us hypochondriacal." Meanwhile, Mr. Gurnett and his daughter, arm-in-arm, went leisurely in the opposite direction, enjoying every inch of the ground, stopping to admire the diamonds which the sun had made of the raindrops in the hedgerows, plucking the wild flowors here and there to add to their nosegay, and pausing at every turn of the landscapo to admire its beauty, and thank God for a proper enjoyment of it. Prudence spoke at last of Mrs. Lanceford. " She is one more of those who have not had all their own way in the world; but she is a good, gentle, and patient woman, or I am a bad judge of character." " She has seen much trouble, doubtless." " What kind of a man is Mr. Lanceford, papa?" " Hum! Mr. Lanceford. What you ask me the question, Prue? " "He must be a strange eccentria man to live -apart from a woman so calculated to make him happy." " Mrs. Lanceford desired the separation, not her husband. So much I have always known—and no more do I care to know." " But what kind of a man is he, papa ? " " Eather a stately being, with a handsome face and an enviable set of iron nerves. A just man in his way, a good father in his way, but still a bit of a sphinx. He has been my patron, and I ought to greatly admire and respect him—its very odd." " Then you do not admire and respect him, papa? "' "I don't say that, my dear," said Mr. Gurnett, almost alarmed at giving voice to such ingratitude; " but I cannot say I have felt exactly the same amount of reverence for Mr. Lanceford since his eldest son's love affair. He did that boy a deal of harm, and I prophesied he would ? " " A love story. Oh! I am so fond of love stories." , " It's a story without beginning or end; but still I'll tell it you in the evening, Prue the little I know of it. You must ask William Lanceford for further particulars." " William Lanoeford is your favourite, I see, papa?" " A noble boy," said the tutor, " almost a hero. One I could imagine acting in any extravagant manner for a. cause he thought right. I don't know whether he be a greater favourite of mine than'his brother Nathan; though he has moreieeling certainly." " It is as well he lives with his father, for hiB mother would spoil him." " Perhaps so—for the mother would make him her idol. Poor woman, she has her sewet too, and I fear it is killing her." •" I hope not," answered Prudence Gurnett ; " time will bring its balm to hers as to ours. We may not cease regretting the unalterable, but we may bow to God's will and grow strong, if we have faith." " Good girl—good girl, what should I be without you ? " " And without you, father, what should I have been when—? " " Drop the veil over that which we may not cease regretting, Prue, but which we cannot change," said Mr. Gurnett, turning a troubled faoe to his daughter. " It will not add to the happiness of a holiday to speak of it-" , . . " It is as well to allude to it at times. I could not wholly forget it—I live in hope some day to alter it; and its remembrance makes us true father and daughter, deriving from each other much hope and consolation." " Yes, yes," said the nervous father; " bpt we will speak no more of it just now, Prue. I have been already troubled to-day, and one shock to my system generally lasts me a month. Gracious Heaven ! my dear, if I am to have a month of palsy and beadshaking like a drivelling old woman!" " Trust to Doctor Prue." " Ah, that's the old name. And the old doctor who has done me so muoh good. And here we are together at laBt, Prue, far away in the country, with a great sea to stroll down to every morning and watch. What a holiday this will be ! " "It will indeed." Father and daughter, both dreamers as they wandered on, both forgetful for the moment of the great uncertainty that hemB us poor mortals in, and checks us with a no when we move on too, rashly! He is a bold man, however straight his path may seem, who -says, " I take four weeks for pleasure I mBp them out in this fashion or in that, and I follow the line here laid for my enjoyment:" He is a fortunate man if all come true, and the chances "of life thwart not his sohenring. This nervous man, tins trustful daughter, shook off the past, and met to enjoy together the present. Plunged into the quiet country life, and left the voices of their few friends,and the turmoil of the buBy city to grow faint in "the distance, little thinking they were moving slowly and surely on ,to that which would affect the whole tenor of their lives, and of more lives than they could CHAPTER XVI. " • . William Ernest Lanceford, thoogh he had promisecl his mother a long day, and though he had really' not repented that. promise, whipped the pony into a good pace en route for Melcombe Regis. . He had taken pains to ascertain from the hoBt of the Bising Sun the nearest and quickest, road, and he whirled his mother along in good style. " How fast you are going, Willie! V said his mother at last; " is there any occasion for this extraordinary haste ? " And the mother thought of Amy Fembercast again, and 6ighed. " There's a ten miles ride on horseback, ' to the Limes, you must remember, mamma," said Willie; "but," making a feint of checking the pony's progress,_ " Tm , not afraid of reaching home after nightfall myself." "Oh! I had forgotten your ride back," Baid the mother with a little shudder; " and the lanes are very dark now the moon rises so late. Make all the haste yoii can, my dear." Willie took his mother at her word, and it waB bright daylight yet when he drew in the reins before the lodgings of Uncle Pembercast and family. He,glanced up at the windows as he assisted his mother to alight, and be was very much mistaken if a certain lilac silk dreBs, at the centre windo.w, was not the property of a certain young lady whom he was very anxious to see before he rode away for good that night. "It is nearly eight o'clock, Willie," said the mother, referring to her watch.; "you will not come in now ? " " Merely, to bid them good-night, in the course, of a minute or two," said Willie, leaping into the chaise again.. " Better bid them gori-night now, than come all through the town again," said Mrs. Lanceford, pausing on the threshold, with the livery servant struggling with, the door and .the wind, and cursing both,—and Mrs. Lanceford for keeping him waiting,—and letting his hair get out of curl with the infernal sea- breeze. Must see to the mare first and return the pony—back in a minute," and away drove William Lancfbrd to the livery stables, where he saw the mare and returned the pony, and went into the hotel to which the Btables ap- pertained, and up stairs to a dressing-room he had patronised a great deal lately, where he washed, and spent a considerable time with a hair-brush and comb. Coming down again the bright idea seized him that he would send an ostler of the establishment with his horse to Dorchester, and commission him to await his arrival at the railway station. If he went by the train be should save time and get over half the journey in a few minutes. It was a wise plan that ho satisfactorily arranged before he returned to his uncle's lodgings. The Pembercasts were all at "home that evening, but not particularly lively. He had not been mistaken in the lilac silk dreBs— Amy was in the window recess just as be had seen her in the morning, only prettier. People may look very pretty in spotted muslin or riding habits, but lilac silk for a fair skin and sunny hair " waB exactly the ticket! " Amy Pembercast, who was reading the very last new novel, did not look up till Willie said " good-evening, Amy," and then Bhe raised her eyes and gave him a slight bow that iced his marrow. Something had gone wrong in his absence, or he had wounded cousin Amy's feelings somehow. Mrs. Lanceford was at the table detailing to Mrs. Pembercast the particulars of the plea- sant day she had spent, and Mrs. PemberoaBt who was sorting sea-snails, or periwinkles, or something equally nasty, in a saucer, was paying but very indifferent attention. Uncle Pembercast was twiddling his thumbs and scowling at his foot, whioh he evidently considered had behaved itself disgracefully in becoming gouty and hindering business transactions at that season of the year. He condescended to ask, however, if Willie had been caught in the rain, 8nd prophesied tha| he and his mother would feel the effeots of their journey in the course of a day or two. Willie Lanceford sneaked into his seat of the morning, after a little manoeuvring, and asked Amy if the novel was interesting. " Veiy." " Did you reach Abbotsbury before the rain, Amy? I thought of you several times." " We turned back when it threatened rain.' I was home to luncheon," she added carelessly. "Oh!" Willie Lanceford saw where the grieranos lay then. By George, he had done it with a vengeance! " Do come back to luncheon, or it will be the longest day of my life," he had said, and Amy had come back, and—* found him out! " My dear cousin," he stammered forth, " you—you did not tell me you were coming back to luncheon. I would not have gone out for the world—I " " I returned to luncheon ^because I was caught in the rain.. I did not expect to find you here, and I was not in the slightest degree disappointed to hear that you had gone out for the day. Pray make me no apologies." Amy Pembercast was only seventeen, remember, reader, and had not been many months from boarding-school. She would have managed better in another year, and not have worn the mask so loosely. In her innocence, she imagined she was showing her indifference in a masterly manner, and she had long been trying to persnade herself that she was not put out in the least. The morning's rain had spoiled her ride, and sent the ladies and gentlemen scampering home again, and her school ftiends had not asked her to spend the day with them; so she had made no sacrifice for her cousin's sake, though she felt as if she had. And Willie Lanceford was too young to feel any pleasurable emotion at these signs of discontent; he knew alone that she was hurt.at his conduct, and that, Bay what be would, he could not distract the blue eyes from the novel, or bring a smile to the pretty faoe opposite. Oh dear! Amy would never forgive him, aud he was a miserable man for the rest of his life; he should turn his collar down now, and wear his hair long, and look like Byron's Lara. And Amy was only, cruelly.cold to bim. When her aunt Lanceford made a few inquiries, :she became quite eloquent, and fell into- raptures concerning the ride and the agreeable.companionB she had had, and. the very amiable young man with the black moustache who was so afraid she' wonld catch cold, and who had called since lo tnako quite Hire .that Miss Bemberoast was experiencing no ill effects from the unsettled state of the weather, and to escort Mise P. to his sister's if she were so disposed,—an offer which, by the way, had been declined that evening by Mr. Pembercast himself, who had growled out that his daughter had been "gadding" about too much lately, 1 and he wanted everybody in bed early that evening. Willie went away at last in very bad spirits. All his efforts to conciliate had failed, and though Amy Pembercast had at last condescended to converse with him, still it was a cold, formal conversation, from which he was glad at last to harry, away. She even shook hands in a different manner that night, and he had not the courage to give the usual faint pressure to the little soft hand lying in his. She would have drawn it hastily away and looked indignant, he felt assured, although she had \- been blind or indifferent to those cousinly • signs of affection ever since he had called so • frequently at Melcombe Begis to see—his mother! Never mind, he would call early tomorrow, and work off the bad impression; the sooner this miserable night was over the better. _ He went off by the train to Dorchester in the same dejected condition, and turned out of the carriage on to the platform like a young man going to be hanged. He was -on horseback a few minutes afterwards, and tearing along the dark country road like a young man who, balked of his hanging, was trying hard to break his neck. He thought of Amy all the way home; even as he grew warm forgot his troubles of tbat night in the future that he thought lying before him. Up rose the new home _ wherein he would make Amy happy, and crossing the threshold of which his dear mother would leave all her troubles behind. And what a happy fellow he should be!— why, some very long day hence father and mother might shake hands. This second union of a Lanceford with a Pembercast might work much good—things thtjt seemed more impossible happened every day. His father!—ab ! what would his father say to all this, when he told him frankly that he was in love with Amy Pembercast and had asked her to be his wife?—his father, who had sought a wife of that family and then cast her away! He did not think Uncle or Aunt Pembercast would object; but his father was a mystery, and had already . ended one love-dream of his children. No, he would not think too much of Mr. Lanceford of the Limes—he believed that gentle man would not say no to him, the favourite Bon. It would be a 'good worldly match even, and was not his father a man of the world ? It was right enough: the Lancefords were not to be all unhappy in their loves when—under the spell! Willie Lanceford, full of bis own thoughts, neHrly dashed his horse's brnins out against the great iron gates of the Limes before he was aware of his propinquity to home. He had been giving his mare an easy trot on the deep grass skirting the roadway, and had.advanced swiftly and almost silently towards the lodge gates, till the maro had plunged before them and then backed wildly into the roadway. " Halloa, Will! " cried the well-known voice of his eldest brother; " make aB much noise as you can, there's a good fellow, and frighten the souls out of us. Here's Kitty's cap gone down her back with consternation !" " I forgot I was so near the lodge," said Willie, leaping off his horse. "Well, Kitty, I hope I have not alarmed you very much ? " "No, Mr. William, I — I was not alarmed," stammered Kitty, recovering ber little cap and setting it on her raven hair with hands that, dark as the night was, Willie could see were trembling ; " we expected—I have been expecting you this— this long time." " Where's Jemmy ? " asked Willie as his half-brother opened the gates to admit him, and told Kitty to keep back. " Father's up at the house still, I think." ''Oh!" said Willie, glancing rather suspiciously from his brother Edmund to the lodge-keeper's daughter. "Not up at the house, Kittv," said Edmund, "or I should not have knocked at the lodge-door for a gossip with him." "Then I don't know where he is, Mr. William," said Kitty, and, still somewhat ' confused, she tripped across the avenue and ran into the lodge. " Here, Kitty, you're a nice young woman to be put on duty here!" cried Edmund, tossing the key into the lodge after her; " take care of the Lanceford property, there's a good girl." Willie, leading bis horse by the bridle, went slowly and thoughtfully down the avenue; Edmund in a few minutes was by his side. The elder brother glanced towards Willie, and seemed puzzled at the intentneBs with which he looked straight before him down the dark avenue. "Have a cigar, Will?" asked Edmund, drawing his cigar-case from a side-pocket and tendering it to his brother. " No, thank you." " What's up at Weymouth ? " "Nothing, Ned—nothing." 1 1 You seem all -in the downs, my fine fellow. Some of Uncle Pembercast's sour wines turned to acidulated drops on the stomach, or some of his sour looks— which ? " "Neither." "Well, this is uncommonly lite Willie Lanceford's ghost," said Edmund; "I hope it's all right. You're quite sure that you are not a phantom horseman that will vanish in a moment, and only leave a smell • of brimstone behind ?" " You're in excellent spirits, Ned." " Do you find me often weeping and wailing, lad, that my good spirits should surprise you? Why, Willie, I am always the' same. I'm the only happy one in the : family!" " You should possess an easy conscience, then, Ned.'* " As easy as a glove." "I am glad to hear it." Ned Lanceford left off puffing his cigar, -and looked attentively .at hiB brother for the . second time; Willie returned his look this . time, and for a moment neither 'flinched. It was summer time, when the blackness of night never; wholly. descends on the earth, and there'was light enough even under the limes for the brothers to see each -other's face. They were both the handsome faces • of,- young . men; - .'Willie's was die frank •English face that told of sterling worth at l -,tbe heart ;and there was honesty, and man- ' c lineBB, and earnestness yet in Edmund Lanceford's, though it waB not the face of fire yearn since. But-five years'since and he was Willie's age,—a raw romantic youth, full of wild ideas of happiness never -to be realised,—and now he was a man and had seen the world. And the'world, like time, tries all of us; it tests the baser metal of which its worldlings are composed, and sets its stamp upon the worst. We cannot mix in the world and carry with us the boy'a heart, the boy's looks, with which we set out on our journey. Edmund Lanceford coolly puffed at his cigar, but he was the first to flinch and look away. " Have you not an easy conscience, Willie, that you congratulate me so warmly upon mine." " You don't mind me speaking out ? " "Not I." "It's a bad habit of mine," said Willie, shortly; " I hate things unsettled, I hate my thoughts unsettled; and the latter yon have certainly disturbed to-night. I don't know why—I can hardly explain. I am not generally suspicious." "You're not a bad sort; but you need not blow your own trumpet quite so loudly, Willie Lanceford." "Shall I speak out, Ned ?" "By all means. You are suspicious of me?" " Well, Ned, I won't say I'm suspicious of you—that's hard upon so little evidence. But you lay yourself open to suspicion, and spiteful people might have made a good deal of scandal out of Mr. Lanceford's son and Kitty Dornton gossiping together near the lodge gates at ten o'clock at night." People must have something to talk about, Will." " Yes, but to talk of you is a jest you can bear—to talk of the girl is a slander that may kill her." " Bravo ! " cried Edmund, " that's .papa Lanceford's philosophy ; only you feel what you say, and papa seldom doeB. ' Excellently worded for eighteen and a half. You are becoming knowing, young sir." Turn it off with a jest, Ned, if you like," said Willie, moodily. It is all a jest, my nervous youth—my young man's best companion," laughed Edmund : " do you want me to talk solemnly, or pray for help against a temptation that does not beset me ? " "No." " Kitty Dornton's a girl " " A year my senior, thnt's all." "And you're a boy, Willie, just out of jackets, and giving up reluctantly your pegtop and marbles." " I am of the age of Edmund Lanceford when " " Ah ! don't fling the past in my teeth," cried the elder brother quickly; " the ghosts of five years ago no longer haunt me, and tho boy—I wns a boy tlwn—has sunk down the trap with them. Now let us talk seriously. Kitty Dornton is a young woman, and a very pretty young woman too, so far as that goes ; dress ber in silk and,send her into a fashionable crowd, and how many would jump at her, and forgot her ignorance and her h's! If she were less innocent and spoony, she might make ber fortune with that face." " She is very handsome—granted." "Jemmy Dornton's only pride ; he drives them all mad in the servants' hall about his daughter—what a beauty 6he is—what a good, honest, hard-working girl! Some love-6iclf Rwain in the neighbourhood has christened her the Lodge Angel,—see what a muff love makes of a fellow! " " You're not in love with her, then !" " I took the disease early in life; I don't believe the masculine gender ever really catch it twice—it's like the small-pox. A man pretends to be in love, as a matter of course—it pleases the ladies, who are romantic, and with whom love is a necessity ; and so oaths are made and broken, and the gods conjured, and thunderbolts bespoke, and then all passes away like a tale that is told! Life's three-fourths humbug, Willie." " And are you studying for the church ? " " I am my own master—I have left the church and sermonising to Nathan or you. I shall not return to college; I am off in search of a more lively land than 'Merry England.'» " And our father, is he aware of your intentions ? " ^" Is he aware of tny intentions ?—deuce a bit. Mr. Lanceford objects to be bored, Willie." " We are forgetting Kitty," said Willie ; " let us finish one subject." "Still suspicious!" cried Edmund. "Why, Will, you must have a hankering after Kitty yourself, and be jealous of your more amiable brother." "Not I," replied his half-brother; "but you dart away from the subject—you will not settle the question and my douhts at the same time. What brought Ned Lanceford at the lodge at so late an hour ? there 1 " " Willie Lanceford." "Honour?" " Honour bright. You were late, and little boys on horseback require to be looked after. I will not say when I reached the lodge gates that I did not grow tired of rubbing my nose againBt the cold iron, and thought of Jemmy Dornton smoking his pipe; after supper. I will notsay that I was sorry to see Kitty's handsome face inBtead of Jemmy's withered pippin of a countenance, and that I did not get up a tete-a-tete which 'spiteful people,' as Willie Lanceford justly observed, might have made scandal from, by calling it flirtation. You may call it flirtation if you like; she's a girl worth flirting with, though she's only a coachman's daughter." ' " Well, don't make a fool of her, Ned. Don't fill her head with nonsense about you: KittyVhead may be easily turned." ' Kitty's a sensible girl. She's no fool to go mad over a few compliments, or to think her master's son IB about to fall in love with her beoause he asks her for a kiss in remembrance of' auld lang syne.'" "Steady, Ned!" " I am steady—I always was," said Ned, with a laugh. "To take the ills of life with composure, and keep care from robbing thte flesh off your bones, is to be steady. I have had a trouble or two ; but I have shaken them off like the snow-flakes, and enjoyed life, all the more. What is life—this threefourths humbug, as I called it just now without enjoyment, Will?" A ; 'third attentive glance towards Edmund Lanceford^ Willie's suspicions taking B a new turn—suspicions that his brother had - m ingered too long ovaritis wine after dinner j before tnrning into the night air. i b AB for Kitty Dornton," said Ned, "she'S n a good girl—you know that aB well as I, Will. I wouldn't harm a hair of her head for all the world. I'm not quite a black sbeep'yet, think as ill of me as you may." " I don'tthink ill of you, Ned. I am very glad to hear you speak out at last." They had reached the end of the avenue, and Willie turned with his mare in the direction of the stables. Edmund stopped. " Any commands for Paterfamilias ? " inquired he. "No, Ned. I shall see him in a few moments." " Nathan returns to-morrow, Mr. Lanceford tells me," said Edmund. "That is capital. The old times over again, Ned—we three together at the Limes!" "Ah ! the old times over again," repeated Ned as he sauntered carelessly towards the house. Was he thinking of the old times when he was shut in bis room upstairs, whither he had proceeded without intruding upon Mr. Lanceford, .who sat alone in the drawing-room, amusing himself as best he might under the circumstances ? Were they the old times or the new that set this young man, who had resolved to enjoy life, thinking so deeply at the open window, with his elbows on the sill, and his ohin clutched between his hands ? The new times; for he muttered at last " where's the harm? " and looked defiantly down at the terrace and the green slopes beneath the drawing-room windows, as though some one had stood there accusing him. He meant no harm. He was a good fellow; at school, college, in the world, everybody had been his friend and sought his company. . He had the rare gift of winning hearts. Surely he knew where to stop; he had great powers of selfcommand. He had been a little gay these last two years; but he had done no one any harm. He had lost a great deal of his faith in womankind; but men who are a little gay always do that. He had not found many heroes in the world, and he did not aBpire to be a hero himself. He was no better worse than other men — a little better, perhaps, he thought conceitedly, for the jests and the stories of his friends did not always please him, and more than once he had scowled down too free a relation of his wine-bibbing associates. And Ned Lanceford was not the man to turn scoundrel —he hated scoundrels! He was fond of hiB jest; he rather admirqd pretty faces—and Kitty Dornton's "was a pretty face—but he wished no one any harm. He was-not a milksop, and if a girl " made eyes " at him, that was her fault for encouraging him; but he was a man who knew where to stop! Perhaps he might have been a better man, if five years ago he—pshaw ! he was a boy then, and know not what was best for him. Why, he was a fool, and actually thought himself in love. In love, and not nineteen years of ago—what folly ! He closed the window with a bang, and strode up and down the room for a moment or two, stifling some painful thoughts in their birth. Lot us glance for a moment at the companion picture to (his, as Jemmy Dornton hour later walks slowly towards the lodge, the lantern in his hand flinging fitful shadows along the avenue. Jemmy Dornton's hair is greyor, his apple face more lined, his stop not quite so firm as when we parted with him five years since. He has Reen trouble like other men in thoBe years; his wife has been taken from him, and he has inherited her rheumatism, which he is inclined to be glad of at times, it puts him so much in mind of the old lady. Jemmy Dornton, on the steps of the lodge at last, draws from his coat-pocket a door-key weighing about a pound and three-quarters, openB the door, enters and nearly drops his lantern with a start. " What, Kitty, lass—still up ? " Kitty, whose head had been bent over an open book, looks up and smiles a little wearily. " I am not tired; the night is warm, and my little room very hot." " Reading, lass ? " he asks as he closes the door, walks into the scullery beyond, and blows out tbe light in his lantern. "A little." " The good book, Kitty ? " "Yes." "Ah! there be nothing loikeit. You're your toother's gal!" The old man drops into his square easychair and sighs. "Tired, father?" " Rather—it ha' bean a hard day's work, Kitty, and days harder than usual seem to try me more nor usual now. Mr. Lanceford's been out riding, and Mast'r Edmun's been out riding, and Mast'r Willum cooms home precious late, as usual. Heigho! I do hope that 'ere boy ain't getting rackety loike his brother." "His brother Edmund?" says Kitty, looking round quickly. Ay—he bean't the young man I thought he'd grow to onoe! " . Kitty seems about to reply, then checks herself hastily, closes her bible, and proceeds to put it away on a sideboard, along with an old Pilgrim's Progress and two prizeB that she had won .when she was younger at the Dorchester free schools." "I loiked that boy Edmua' next to - rWillie," maunders tbe old man, " for -Edmun' wor a bold boy who had no fear in him. He'll turn out a noble man, I thought, and a good master, and a foine fellow—and somehow he doan't turn out anything. He be easy as ever, and as good-tempered and as hearty, but the lam- ing he has had at college has spiled him somehow. P'r'aps the Latin's done it— p'r'aps the change of air." I don't think he has altered much," murmurs Kitty." "You be an innocent gal, and doan't know what young men grow up to.- I doan't say he be a bad 'un—God forbid that in a Linoeford1—but that he harn't hit my opinion of what he would turn out to be. And now Willum's cooming the same game, and never cooming in at proper hours, and keeping an old man np that he knows can't sleep a wink till he be sure every horse is safe and comfor'ble." "Didn't I hear his mother was at Mel- •combe Begis ? " -* "You be rights and the boy's a mother's boy. I pins my hopes on that 'ore Willum yet; he be different blood, and the best of the lot on'em. I alius said so.". " Will you have any supper, father? " . " Just a crust, Kitty, and a horn of ale. nt go to bed, dear,' go to bed; I can anage all for myself." - But Kitty will not let him manage,-and ustles about the room, and -soon places a eatlyJaia napper-tray before him. The w old man takes- his orust .and sips bjs horn of ale, and glances at Kitty, who has drawn her chair further away from the light, and is slowly relapsing into thought. Jemmy Dornton thinks it sleep, as the long dark lasbgs veil the full eyes, and so eats his supper in silence and looks towards her with' all a father's pride. And, sitting there, she is indeed a handsome girl; many women in a higher sphere would give half their incomes to possess her good looks, for they would win titles with them and achieve many triumphs. Here, in this girl, are charms that a duchesB is sighing for ia vain—charms that are wasting their sweetness "on the desert air," or leading her slowly into temptation, despite her moral training, her simple heart and innocence. " I thought eh® would grow up a beauty, dashed if I didn't!" muttered Jemmy Dornton, " and there bean't her equal in all Dorset, for a five-pun'-note. She growed up good too—and handsome be that handsome does, any day in the week." When this rustic beauty is in her own room, she crouches down at the bed's foot and gives way to a passionate outburst of tears—to a few passionate words that may be the outcry of a susceptible heart, or a prayer for protection. " Is it wrong to think of him—to think sometimes he loves me ? It can end in nothing; but it makes me happy, and I cannot shut him from my heart. Oh ! keep me good." So, in the humble lodge as under the roof of the great house at the end of the avenue —amidst poverty as in wealth—in the bylanes of life as in the broad highway, the spell still works, and the spell-bound struggle vainly. fib be continued.J 