TOWJS AND COUNTRY. Vi6iT or His Excellency thb Governor. — On Hobday last (nays the Goulburn Herald), his Excellency (Be Earl of Beluiore, accompanied by his private secretary, Mr. Arthur Henry, atrived in Goulburn by tho 3.6 p.m. train. A large number of citizens had assembled on the platform, by whom his Excellency was greeted with loud cheers. A guard of honour from the Goulburn Volunteer .Rifles was drawn up at the station and gave his Excellency an appropriate salute, the band playing the National Antheui. Hi« Excellency at once proceeded to Mandol Biri's Hotel, where apartments had been secured for him. Shortly afterwards, accompanied by the Bishop of Goul uuiu auu win iuojuj , uio .UAV*;iicuvjr acui uut w lo^uw^ tborpe, returning to town the game evening. Oa Tuosday morning be Droceeded to Like George, staying at the c»uap of Mr. Snialloy, the Goverauitnt astronomer, last nipbt and to- duy. Hip Excellency will return tu Gouiuurn on Thurs day, and proceed to Throsby Park on Friday. Vigit or the Premier to the North.— It is stated in a northern journal that the Hon. Charles Cowpar has by lttier intimated his intention of visiting the Liverpool Plains district as soon as his release from Parliamentary duties will permit of his doing so. Cockatoo Ibland. — The Government has not yat de cided fie to what is to be done with this vaoant establish ment. The proposal to put there the men from the Parra niBttaAsyluui has met with strongdisapproyal, and itis not likely to be carried out. Some negotiations have been entered into with B view of letting a portion of the estab lishment to a private firm, but the Government have not come to any conclusion upon the subject. lHTEBCOLOMAL PotTAL ARRANGEMENT,— Thfl postal schemes recommended by the conference of delegates from New South Walee, Queensland, and New Zealand are not likely to be carried out Though the matter was considered to be settled as far as these colonies were concerned, Queensland has unexpectedly withdrawn from the arrange ment, and her doing so will, of course, put an end to the ptfj ct which was mooted. Whether New South Wales and New Zealand will carry ont the mail services them selves is at present a matter of conjecture, but it is not likely that the Parliament of this colony would consent ts incur the necessary expense. Northern Gold-fields Electorate.— It has been stated that Mr. J. E. Salomons intends to contest the elec tion for the above electorate, and his name is advertised in the local papers as that of a candidate. Active efforts are being made to secure the return of Mr. J. F. Burns. A meeting of that gentleman's friends was held at the Kocky River, and a committee consisting of seventy electors formed to secure hie election. Another committee has been formed at the Peel River, and the aiatriotis being extensively canvassed. Model of a Pontoon Bridge. — The model of a floating bridge, the invention of Mr. Donaldson, is now on view at the Exchange. It ip specially adapted for rivers subject to heavy floods. The roadway of the structure is supported on arches, which spring from pontoon bnttesses, the spans being sufficiently wide to allow large masses of timber to pass through. Altogether the idea is very ingenious, and worthy of attention. The Flyino Squadron Picnic— The committee of the above picnic met on Monday morning last, for the pur pose of squaring up the accounts. There being a consider able deficiency, which the committee were bound to make good, certain gentlemen were, at a previous meeting, appointed to oofiect subscriptions from the members of the committee, for the purpose of clearing off the deficit. Most ef the gentlemen applied to paid their due proportion, but Bome refused, and after all the money that conld be col lected was got in, (here wbb still £50 short. This sum his Worship the Mayor has paid out of his own packet, so that the accounts are now squared. Bydnet Watee 6ufply. — A petition, of which the* louowiug la a oopy, was presented to tue uefrisiaiive Assembly on Tnesday, by Sir James Martin.—' To the honorable the Speaker and the members of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, in Parliament assembled, the humble petition of the Mayor, aldermen, and citizens of the city of Sydney most respectfully sheweth that your petitioners have now and for some years past have had the management of certain works for the supply of water to the city of Sydney, and have expended large sums of money in connection therewith; that your petitioners have ob served that a motion is now before your honorable House for the purpose of taking the management of the city water works out of the hands of your petitioners ; that the adop tion of such & motion without affording them an opportunity of being represented would be unfair and unjust to the citizens generally. Your petitioners therefore humbly pray that a Select Committee may be appointed by your honor able House to inquire into the matter fully, that your petitioners may be heard thereon ; and your petitioners as in duty bound will ever pray. Signed Walter Kenny, Mayor. Charles Wooleott, Town Clerk.' Captain Cook Btatce Committee.— A meeting of this Committee was held on the 4th instant in the Judges' Chambers, Supreme Court-house. The chair was occupied by his Honor the Chief Justice. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Mr. William Day, hon. treasurer, stated that he had seen Mr. Tonng, the contractor for tie erection of the statue, in pur suance of a resolution paeBed at the previous meeting, directing that the fourth contract be proceeded with. The work of that contract had been resumed by Mr. Young since that interview. A discussion ensued among those gentlemen present as to the probable fate of the motion in the House, asking the Government for a sum of money (£300), to assist in completing the monument to Captain Cook, an object which they believed to be of national importance, and which it would be far from desirable, nay even to a certain degree meretricious, to allow to fail for want of support. They had no doubt but that a mnjority of members of the colonial Legislature would vote in favour of the desired grant. Tbe public which bad at first responded heartily by contributions, had lately shown some want of interest in the undertaking, although the committee were still receiving promises of support from the country, and occasionally sub scriptions. They could not believe, the work having arrived at such a forward state, that the pedestal would have to remain long without the figure of the Great Navigator, for in its absence the baso and column would comparatively record but little. Sir Alfred Stephen mentioned the receipt of £10 from the Hon. Thomas Holt of the ' Warren,' which was irrespective of that gentleman having erected on his own ground— near the epot where Captain Cook landed— a memorial which would cost him somewhere about £100. Captain Watson spoke of some promises that had been made to him. Mr. Day stated that there was a sum of £160 10s. 6d. in toe bank to the -iredit of the committee — exolnsive of the Bum mentioned by the Chief Justice. Mr. J. Alger moved, that a number of advertising accounts be at oribe paid. Mr. Senior seconded Hie motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. R. B. Smith said that if the colonel and officers of the 18th Begiment were communicated with, it was not at all un likely that they might obtain the valuable assistance of the regimental band for a moonlight concert. They had already eeenlhesnocess that had attended similar ooneerta given by the band of the 60th. Mr. Alger thought that a fort sight or more hence would be time enough to think about holding such a concert— as the season might then be thought more appropriate. Then he would try to bos Colonel Carthew about the suggestion — the Colnnel of the lBlh being new absent from Sydney. Mr. W. Day having stated that several of the suburban municipal councils had promised their assistance, the meeting was adjourned for a fortnight. City. Night Refuge and Soup Kitchen, 535, Kent-street South — During the month of February, at this institution 4116 meals were given, 810 separate nights' shelter were afforded, 18 situations were obtained for men and women. Average number daily to dinner, 98 ; average number of inmates, 30; passages obtained for mento proceed to Gonlburn or Bathurst, 3 ; admissions obtained for hospital, 4. Contributions of tea and sugar were given to several families in distress. Medicines were obtained for «thers ; letters were written for several ; encouragement, advice, and assistance, as far as possible, were given to all who were in need. Teetotal Meeting.— On Monday evening, the usual weekly meeting in connexion with the Australian Division Sons of Temperance, No. 76, was held in the Division Boom, Liverpool aad Sussex streets. There was a very good attendance. Brother B. Balls occupied the chair. Addresses were given by Mr. Adelaide, Mr. Berry, Rev. N. Pidgeon. The meeting was also enlivened with music end recitations by Messrs. T. Pidgeon, Masters Bushworth, Flanders, Filmore, and others. At the close several came toward and signed the pledge. Meeting closed with 'God Save the Queen.' Cektipbde Bite,— It is reported in the Advertiser that on Thursday night a Mrs. Loathart, living at Newtown, Weg-ga Wagga, wh.o had foolishly sat down on the wood heap, felt something cold creeping down her back, and putting up her hand to remove it, was severely bitten on the shoulder. On undressing, a large centipede was disco vered. The bite was painful for a time ; but brandy being plentifully rubbed in, the pain subsided, and no further ill effects were felt. Phrenology.— A lecture upon the phrenological cha .racterietics of the mayors of Sydney and the suburban municipalities was delivered on Tuesday evening in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, The ohair was taken by tbe Bon. W. Forster. The 'Chef' Saucu. — Asamploof this new sauoshts bean brought to us for inspection and trial. It has the appearance of a good article, .and is highly spoken of by those who hove UBted it. We notice in our advertising oelunws that Mr. William Barker, of Melbourne, has appointed an sgent for tho sale of tbe 'Chef' sauoe io Sydney, Fliij.0 Foxeb —These destruotivfl animals are again appearing in tbe Tan a'tetriotin great aumbera, wdiDbylnf «rutjuvoo with tho frulf. School of Dbb-gx at Alhtjry.— A most promising project has been started by Mr. Conrad Sornmer (says the Hdnner), who proposes to open a clais for the. study of geometrical and freehand drawing, and other branob.es of att which nro neuefeary to designers and skillfd workmen intbetiades of the decorator, cabinet-maker, carpenter, painter, and other callings employed in building, &o.; Great success has attended the opening ot such clangs nnd EchoolB in Melbourne, and towe would seem to be no reason why the same kind of attempt to eduoate artisans Bhould net be tuccessful m country town* where tho requisite skilled teachers are to be found. There are hero numbers of men employed in building and other trades in which a knbwkdge ot drawing and elementary design would be valuable, and if the slightest degree of appreciation of the practical u*e of such knowledge is to be found aciong the artisans concerned, we imagine that an evening class might be eatily got together in this plaae- Following the example of Melbourne (and for the matter of that, of the majority of EngliBU and continental towns), it is proposed that the instruction ahull bo almost gratuitous, the fee to be charged being only tufflcient to meet necessary expenses of lighting. oraaiDs copies, &c.; Mr. Summer, who his received a technical art training in tho German Govern ment Academies, proposes to limit the entries of pupils to members of the local Eight Hours League, with the seconi ary object of assisting the increase and organisation of that society. A Good result of a Shot. — It is stated by the Gundoyai Times that, ths ot her day, Mr. J. Lenry, of South Oundagai, came upon a flock ot twenty ducks down the river, and firing both barrels of his fowling-piece in swift euc'efit-ion killed seventeen of them. Extraordinary Recovery. — Some ten weeks ago (a local journal states) a mare, belonging to Mr. Ruat, of Dcniliquin, was cruelly maimed, and, with other damage cone to her, her tongue was cut off at the root. The poor animal, from loss of blood and being unable to eat or drink, was turned out to die or live. She has now re covered, and become fat, and useful as ever. Burning of Bundure Woolshed. — This valuable building was destroyed by fire on Monday evening, 28th February ; it was chiefly built of iron, and mat about £2000, Bundure is eighty miles north of Deniliquin, and the property is owned by a Glasgow company, represented in Melbourne by Messrs. Holmec, White, and Co. We tDueh fear (observes thfl Pastoral limes) that the fire was the work of an incendiary. This is the third woolshed eo destroyed in these parts during the List eighteen months. Cukino A Tippling Hxibhand.— We read in the Pastoral Titr.es that one of the small settlers residing in the suburbs of Deniliquin, recently, on finding his affairs get ting into a muddle, took to drinking, though previously he had been a hard-working and saber mac The wife expos tulated with him— appealed to his feelings as a husband and a father, bat all to no purpose. Thus foiled, she told him that if he drank, she would do the same, at which ho laughed and ridiculed her. She was as good as her word. He went to the public- house, so did she ; he called for his pint— so did she ; he called for the second— so did Bhe ; and so on, and Bhe, being a strong able woman, persevered until he surrendered his will to hers. Be knocked under, has fince been a sober man, and he now finds his affairs go on prosperously. We can vouch for the trnth of this incident. IMPRISONED IN A CARTt.— The Yass Courier reports that some days ago a man named John Gavan, a farmer, residing at Wanton's Creek, and his wife left Yass in a cart drawn by two horses, and on reaching the rise beyond the pound at North Yass, the wheel of the cart came in contact with the stump of a tree and a capsize took place. The leading horse kept its feet, but the one in the shafts fell over with the cart. Singular to say Gavan and his wife fell wholly under the cart, and all their efforts to remove their covering were unsuccessful. The horses fortunately remained still. Some hours after the accident occurred, Mr. Denis M'Guire chanced to pass by, and noticing what had happened, released Garvan (sic) and his wife from their involuntary imprisonment. We are sorry to learn that Gavan has sustained somewhat serious injury from the fall, and that he has since been confined to his bed. Death feom Bvrndto.— The Cambewarra correspond ent of the Kiama Indtpendmt writes : — I am sorry to have to record a fatal accident by burning that happened to Mrs. W. Adams, sen., on Monday afternoon. As far as I can leatn, Mrs Adams, who was above seventy years old, was engaged in some household duty by the fire, when she stumbled and fell among the ai- heB, her clothes catching fire, and as there was no one just at hand to help her, she got very severely burned before the fire could be put out. Dr. Bead was at onoe sent for, and was very soon in attend ance, and every meanB taken for her recovery ; but, although remaining sensible to the last, she speedily suc cumbed to the effects of the severe injuries she had received, and died next morning. ' Mubdee.— On the 3rd insjtant (says the Western Pest), a brutal murder was committed on the station of Mr. Andrew Brown, Caigan, on the Castlereagh River, about ten miles from Mundooran. Full particulars have not yet reached np, but from what we have been able to' glean it appears that a man named James Wakefield, employed on Mr. Brawn's station, had an altercation with a felfow workman known as Harry, respecting some cloth whioh the former had given to the latter to make up into trousers. The quarrel occurred in a hut, several other men being present at the time. Wakefield left the hut and returned m five or six minutes with a pair of sheep-shears, with which he stabbed Harry two or three times. His victim ran away towards another hut on the station, but Wake field followed him, dragged him out, and inflicted his death-wound with tho shears. Xae occurrence took place on the morning of the 3rd instant, and Wakefield was arrested the same day by Benior-constable Barns, and is now in the Denieon Town lock-up. A Man and House DaevrxED.— Tba IFagga Wagga Express reports that on Monday evening last an unfortu nate man named Laurence Henning, strong, hardy, and in the prime of life, met with his death by drowning, while under the influence of drink. The deceased, it appears, had been employes as a fencer by Mr. J. Rudd, and, having completed the job of work he had undertaken he came into town with his cheque, and in accordance with what appears to be the recognised bu6h custom, he immediately com menced drinking. He did not, however, drink what by topers would be called heavily, and only got partially drank, and, to all appearance, seemed perfectly capable of taking care of himself. On Monday evening, after concluding some purchases in town, he got into his dray, and drove down Gurwood-street to Mr. Tibeaudo's hotel, and there called for some ale, a portion of which he only drank, and then, getting a fig of tobaooo from the landlord, again got into his dray, and went on his way, with the intention of going, it is believed, for the night to the residenoe of some friend living near the brick kilns. Shortly afterwards he itob uuonvcu uy jjxld. uvaui) utiviug ap^nucuuji mui ilia intention of going to her place. She called for her husband, and the deceased then passed down, the road. Mr. Roach, making the remark that he was probably going down to the lagoon to water his horse, observed him no further. Al most immediately after Mr. Roach's little boy called out, 'Oh ! father, the man and horse are both in the lagoon.' The bank of the lagoon at this place is very steep, and the water below very deep, and the deceased, half muddled as he was, probably noticed neither the one nor the other, and, thinking only of giving his horse a drink, drove over the bank, and in a moment was precipitated into deep water. Mr. Roach ran down to the scene of the catastrophe with all speed, and then found the horse in a drowning con dition plunging helplessly about, and oa the opposite side of the lagoon could just perceive tbe hands of the deoeasad clutching vainly at the air just above the surface. He rushed into the water up to his neok, hoping to be able to gave him, but, not being able to swim, had to return to shore, and Mien crossed on a log. When he reached the opposite bank no indications of the drowning mtn could be observed, beyond the occasional rising of a few bubbles to ? the surface, Mr. Bluett of the peund, raa down to the water at this time, and rapidly divesting himself of his clething, plunged in, and, diviag down succeeded in bringing up the body. A number ot people had by this time gathered on the bank, and the body was at once stripped, and the usual efforts wese made to restore animation. These proving ineffectual, tbe corpse was conveyed to the hospital dead-house. The horse was drowned and removed from the lagoon. An inquest was held at the hospital by the coroner, Dr. Robinson, and evidence in aooordanoe with the facts detailed above having been taken, a verdict of acci dental death by. drowning whilst under the influenca of liquor was returned. KETtJRK OF THE GuiNARE FROM FORT DeKISON.— Captain Sweet, who arrived here on 2nd instant in command of the Gulnare, schooner, chartered by the South Australian Government, left Fort Darwin, on the north cooft of thjs continent, on the 30th of January last. Soon after the commencement of his voyage, the captain of the Gulnare had to encounter strong westerly monsoons, and toek the Torres Straits route, as recommended. At Port Darwin, Captain Sweet found that the Koh-i-noor, from Adelaide, had arrived a little before the Gulnare (on the 21st January), with passengers, cattle, and sheep, all right Tbe Kwb-i-noor had been cent up from Adelaide to bring back to South Australia the remainder of the surveying party. Dr. Milner (aoting as medical man and Govern ment Resident) had arrived in the Koh-i-noor, and was left behind, at Fort Darwin, with a staff of about forty men. Tbe country round about Fort Darwin is reported as having a very splendid appearance,— that there was a niegcifictnt supply of grass, and lots of water. It was , arranged that the Koh-i-noor 8houJd.follox the Gulnare, via Torres Straits, in the course of three or four days. It was thought that the Koh-i-noor would probably call in at Syluey on her way Horn to Adelaide. When about 200 mUlsfrom Syoney tho Gulnare encountered very severe gales, during which Captain Sweet kept well off the coast every night, but sighted land daily. As to the nature of the country round Fort Darwin our visitors by the Gulnaro declare it to he, in many parts, excellent ; chiefly undulat ing end not too thickly timbered. It appeared to them to be a country plentifully supplied with water of a good quality, and in other respects to be vcrv well adapted far cattle. There was no sickness of any kind at the intends settlement when the Gulnare left A short time before tha arrival of the Gulnare at Fort Darwin, a party was sent out to the Adelaide River — about fort) miles to the west ward of Port Darwin— and theae persons managed to lecover some cattle and horses left in that direction by Mr. Finnces during some previous expedition. The land at tho intended settlement is not yet occupied, but bas, it Is believed, been most of it alienated by the South Aut tralisn Government. In the course of a month or two from this dato— about April or May next -the land order holders ace cxpeoted to go up frcm South Australia, and fettls on fhoir allotted lands, all the surveyors having now left, The blacks have not been troublesome lately. ' A Skake-killino Iguana.— A few days since (bv?s the Wagga Wagga Express) as Mr. B. Best was riding through the bush in the neighbourhood of Sandy Creek, hi observed a monster iguana blundering in alarm somewhat slowly up a tree. Remembering that one of tbe men tinn the station wished to procure a supply of the noted bush remedy for rheumatism — iguana oil— be dismounted from hiB horse, and by a well-directed shot withaBtone, suc ceeded in bringing the reptile to earth, and then put nn end to its existence with a stick. Throwing it over the Eaddle, he remounted and set out for home, but after riding a short distance observed with no little alarm thftt the long form of a snake was gradually dropping out from the mouth of the iguana. He lost no time in casting off both from the saddle, and upon after- examination discovered that the snake was quite dead, and indeed had most pro bably been killed before the process of swallowing bad been commenced. The iguana measured from uoae to tail five feet, and the snake, which was of the bUck species, three feet one inch in length. Death from Snake-jute.— A truly melancholy snake story has reached us (burrowa Advocate). A young girl named Eliza Randall, residing at Jcrrawa, left her home a few mornings Bince to shepherd a number of sheep ; and not having returned at the ueual time, she was sought for, and found seated by the trunk of a tree, with mouth open nnd fcjes widely distended, as if suffering from fright. Startling to relate, the was a corpse, thengh ret.iinio? tiie feme position as while liviDg. On removing tho body, a large xnake was found coiled up on the epot where the un foiiutmto pirl had been Bitting. Fatal Accident.— On Thnreday last (says the Mmiaro tlurcury), a Chinaman came to Caoma and re ported that one of his compauiunB, who had been away irorn the camp on some errand, bad been found lying dead on the roud near Umaralla River, the body presenting the appearance of hiB having been thrown from hiB horse so violently as to cause death. The deceased, one of the party of Chinamen engaged digging on the above-named river, was awey longer than his mist ion warranted him; his companions became alarmed, and on searching for him on Thursday morning found the lody of the unfortunate fellow as above described. Daring Burglaries at Bathue6T. — Burglaries are now infrequent in Sjdney, but Bathurst, it would appear, is enjoying a visit from some rather impudent ' cracks men.' The Times of Saturday reports no less than three. ' Late on Monday night last, Mr. Holl's public-house, the Bushman's Inn, Bentinck-street, was robbed by an indi vidual who effected his entrance through one of the front windows. After entering the house he passed from the parlour into tbe bar, and through a room off the latter into the landlord's sleeping apartment Here he appropriated 17s., which he found in Mr. Holl's trousers pocket, and also £1 16s., which he got in one of Mrs. Holl's dresses, as well as £1 10s., which was lying under a woollen mat. Inside of this mat was £1 in sixpences, which he did not take, as they had evidently escaped his notice, and in one of a number of drawers in which he had rummaged was tho sum of £25, which he hod failed to discover. In moping about in the dark he happened to touch the feet of Mr. Hull, and the latter was immediately awakened and sprang out of bed. The robber, however, proved too quick for him, as he rushed out of the room, slamming the door behind him to gain time, and tbe landlord reached the front room just in time to see the burglar, who was barefooted, take a panto mimic dive through the window. He alighted on the verandah on his hands and knees, and finally disappeared up the slreet. About i o'clock on Wednesday morning a similar robbery to the above was committed at Mr. George Matthew's hotel, Kelso. The robber, in this instance, entered the house by tbe back door, and made his wsy, by the shortest route, to Mr. Matthew's bedroom. The landlady, Mrs. Matthews, heard the burglar's foot steps previous to his coming into the room, and also heard him taking up a money-box which contained upwards of £10, but Bhe waB so terrified that Bhe could not utter a word, and by the time Bhe had aroused Mr. Matthews, the robber had decamped. In hiB passage into and out of the hotel, he passed through, five doors, and by a number of chairs, so that he was evidently well acquainted with the ' geography ' of tbe house. The money stolen ooneisted chiefly of f ourpenny pieces, which had been laid by fur division among the children, and also a few half sove reigns. Mr. Matthews had, on the Tuesday or the Monday previous to the robbery, banked £282, and except tie amount appropriated by the burglar, there were some twenty-five shillings in the honse. This, as well as the other burglary, was conducted with ereat cleverness, and the circumstances in both esses would appear to indicate tkat the two rob beries were committed by the same persen. In connection with the above we are informed that a very suspicions cir cumstance occurred st the Boyal Hotel about half -post one o'clock on Tuesday morning. A lady and gentleman, who were occupying apartments upstairs and who intended to proceed to Sydney in the day coach, were awakened at the time we have mentioned, by a noise which turned out to proceed from a man moving about is the bedroom. The gentleman jumped out of bed and gave chase, but the sup posed robber made good his escape. He, hewever, returned shortly afterwards, when he was pursued a second time by the gentleman, but he again effected a retreat, and dis appeared over the hotel balcony on to the verandah of Mr. Parker's butcher's shop, from which he descended to tha street. The man had neither hat, boots, nor coat on, and he was very tall and powerfully built Fatal Accident. — A sad accident occurred last Wed nesday week (says the Tamworth Examiner) on Mr. Spencer's Ironbark Station, by which a young man namel Henry Taylor lost his life. He was taking rations to an out-station of Mr. Spencer's in a cert drawn by two horses. The cart and shaft horse were found jammed against a tree, and the body of the young man being near. An in quiiywasheldby Mr.Capel, J.P., end from the evidence addnced, and from the bruises and appearance of the body there could be no doubt that Taylor had been brought against the tree with great- force and killed on the spot. An opinion that death was caused accidentally was accordingly recorded. Strangers in the Waters of the Murrumhidgee. —A huge amphibious animal (says the Queanbeyan Age) has lately been seen on .the bonks and in the waters of lbe Murmmbidgee, a short distance below the confluence of the Queanbeyan with that river. From all accounts, it appears to be exceedingly wary, and dives to the bottom of the river on the least alarm. Whatever the animal is, it is evidently making its way up the river, as last year it was seen in the vicinity of Yeumberra. One person who saw it, described it as being about eighteen feet long, and said it was accom panied by another, a smaller— apparently, its calf. — A less disagreeable new- comer in the river has been taken, in two or three instances, by anglers this season — a fish (said to bft the bream, and common to the waters below Wagga Wagga) of a silvery colour, having very small scales, a small mouth, and of similar proportions to the herring. It is of delicious flavour, and, like the river lobster, has but recently found its way to the upper regions of the Murrumbidgee. A. Sekgatiokal Yarn indeed.— Ghost stories are beginning to lese interest, people not being so credulous as they were in days of yore ; tbe scribe is often put to his wit s end for ' something new,' and hence we have some remarkably curious discoveries. But the following, from the ilonaro Mercury, is about the best we have seen :? ' An anecdote of an extraordinary character has been cur rent in Cooma during the past few weette ; and as it is given out by a gossip in town as ' gospel truth,' we ven ture to publish the outlines, leaving them to be discussed by our readers. Some few years back a young couple on Honaro took It into tbeir heads to be made one 'for better, for worse.' After a respectable period of time hod elapsed, thev were blessed with a family remembrancer that left no doubt as to- its paternity, filling the hearts of its parents with great joy, as should always be the case. Of course tbe little one would have to be ehristened. Here the first 'little difficulty' presented itself, the blest parents being of different persuasiens. ? The bead of the family asserted hie privileges and de manded that the'pretty stranger should be baptized in the faith orthodox of hii forefathers. To this his 'better half ' demurred (there is not a manied reader who can doubt it), the lady adding that she ' would sooner have the arm cut off her before she would have it christened In another Church.' In the end the lady came off victorious in the marital contest. We need not go to the length of recording1 in print the name of the fairy innocent ?? bone of contention ; ' suffice it to say that it Is still alive and kicking. Now, the strangest part of the story comes. Another child was born unto this happy househeld — tobesure, there is nething at all singular about such an oconrrenoe as that. But the aforesaid 'gossip' declares that the second olive branch is minus of that part of the arm which should be attached to the elbow. A recent christening at a church in Cooma was the means of bringing thU myste rious affair to light, end we have as yet no cause for doubt ing the accuracy of the narrative, as it was given in all sincerity and with many pious ejaculations.' Chinese Gamblers and Chinese Informers.— Seven Chinamen were on Sunday last (says the Dubbo Diipatchot Friday) eurprisedby the police whue engaged in one of the njeny exciting games patronised by the Celestials. They were brought up at tho police-court on Monday before Dr. Peers, J.P. The banker and croupier were fined £3 each, three of them who were engaged gambling were mulct in £lj and two lookers-on were ordered to disbursa 10a. Tbe alternative of imprisonment was chosen by the banker and croupier, who in a very wild manner declaimed against the barbarism of tbe British lav, which would not allow a poor Celestial to enjoy himself according to his own fashion in his own honse. The information respecting the gambling was given to the police by a sharp almond-eyed child of tbe sun, who appeared equally with his victims disappointed and disgusted at the reBult of the cose. He inveighnd in strong terms against the lenity of the magistrate, 'and mode some appoBi'fe remarks as to prison discipline. He said the Chinese should have been heavily fined, as they could ' welly well ' afford to pay, end if they were treated to bread and water in eaol instead of being fed on the fat of the land, they wouldn't be so ready te prefer imprisonment to fine. He finally ex preFBed his contempt for the magistracy, asserted ho knew more law than any of them, and announced his intention of communicating with the Attorney-General relative to the matter. This Chintman informer (whose name we judge from \ie pronunciation to be High Hang-ho) is a regular professional. A short time ago, he laid a charge agaiunt two of bis countrymen at Bourke, and they were fined £30 each. He applied for half the fine, but the Bench there refused to award it However, High Hang-ho wrote to the fountain head, Sir William Manning, and an order, we understand, was received f r m him directing the magistrates'' to give tbe informer the £30. He appears to manage his oases very wull, never pouncing on Ms victims Ml all is ripe. From the black looks direoted b! him by his oeleatial friends on Monday last, we should, were we High Hung-ho, tbe informer, prefer Beeping at a civil dtatanoa from a Chinese camp, ' A Smart dwindle Detected.— One of the smartea'. if Bmart BwirirleB wbb latey attemj'ed to be played on a 1 ubbo tiade-n.Bn(BBys the Dispatch), but fertunatoly the tmallett grain of suspicion interposed at the lost moment io save the icended victim from lost. One day last woak, a very talka'ive gentleman waited oa Mr. J. E. Serinier, of tbe Bubbu stores, and ann unced himself as fresh from the Warrego, Furoo, Gulf of Carpe itarU, and other bar barous and ui known rui;iuu». lie had nil the npimarunce of a 'cute' bushman, and lor hours at the stretch delighted his hearers with stories of the. fistneepos of the inltruT, of ' imminent (capes by flood and field, of battles with the bcBtile blacks, of boomerangs, nulla nullne. end other deadly weapons flying round his held thick as hail. Duting his travels through tbtsse ten a incognita, he came across many curiosities, both onimnl, geological, and botanical. He had discovered the teal quinine barkt and had provtd its wonderful effi cacy in cates of fever and nguc. His volubility astonishi-d his bearers slightly, but thty gave him full rein, and ho ended by introducing to the notice of Mr. Serisier some, quasdotg stones, which ho caniefi carefully wrapped in a £»udy-col-.urt:d handkerchief. The commercial value of these stones was then debated, and our bushman Bdid he had three bags of them, containing tvrelvo or thirteen liUehele. He bad, on a former occasion, sold them to Men-re. Brush and Mac Donnell, of Sydney, at £2 10s. jjtr burbel. However, he did cot then press a sale, but turned the conversation to stations anil stock, and spoke largely of flocks of sheep, mobs of fat cattle, &c;, en routs to Sydney and Maithnd. On the following dxy, Mr. Seri rttr received a letter, purporting to come from Messrs. Btubh and Mac Donnill, Sydney. It said that they (Messrs. B. and M.) hud huard that 'three men were coming t- Mudgee or Dubbo with quandong stones, and they would feel obliged if Mr. Strieier would purchase on tbeir nccount come bags at the rate of £45 per three- bushel bag ' Mr. StriBier at once sought out the pilgrim from the wilder ness, or, as we should rather call him, the quandong merchant, and brought up the subject of the valuable stones. Cont-iderable debate as to price took place, quan docg merchant holding out for £10 per bag; but at last a sale was effected, the three bagB being parted with lit £17 10s. Delivery was at once taken, but Mr. Serisier, having just an inkliDg that the letter from Sydney was not the most genuine in the world, thought it prudent, till be beard further from hi» metropolitan correspondents, to hold back payment in full. He, however, gnva tbo quandong merchant £1 as an advance, and immediately set the tele graph wires in motion, informing Messrs. Mac Donnell aDd Co. that he had purchased, according to instructions, the stones. No immediate answer was received. In the mean time, cur back block hero called several times for a settle ment, but at lust he was informed that he could not be paid at prtsent, as the matter was in the hands of Sydney detectives, and that the name of an eminent firm in Sjdney bud been forged to a letter sent about the quandongs. This was a stray shot, but it hod considerable effeot, and the quandong merchant offered Mr. Serisier £5 oa his bargain for thr hags, but this was refused. At 9 o'clock on Saturday night, a telegram was received from Mao DeBnellandCo., tbe jewellers, of George-street, Sydney, saying that they did not understand Mr. Serisier's tele gram, and un Sunday a letter arrived, stating that they had never written to him about quandongj. Here was a glo rious sell ! The whole affair was admirably conceded, but the machinery did not work. The letter sent from Sydney, in tbe name of Brush and Mac Donnell, is supposed to have been written by a confederate of the quandong mer-' chant It was, doubtless, thought the Dubbo storekeeper wonld have taken the bait, and given, on account of the Syd ney jewellers, a high price for the stones. Fortunately, a (light suhpicion of the bonajidesof the letter, and the quick use of the telegraph wires, spoiled the plot, and the biter has been bitten ; for Mr. Serisier has the three bags of quandong stones. 