TEE NEWS OF TEE DAT. , — . ? -g New YuarlsJ Day is always onl) ? of the moat . vigorously enjoyed holidays among \w, iiiitt 'although there is not qtiite such a variety aa usual of amusement at this time, the plpasure-seekcrs have enough to oiu;:u:o their attention... Tlio event of the. day should lie the races, but there appears to bo nothing like the usual .fever of expec tation over them, and probably they will not attract such multitudes ns have assembled . on tho Flemington courso on many paat New Year's days. Tho cricket ground is without any attraction, but tlio popular fetes which mark all our holi days will not he wanting. Tho Foresters annual gathering takes place in tho Friendly .Societies' Gardens, and there will be a day aud night gala also upon the Prince of Wales cricket ground in Oollingwood. The Ger man pie-nic in tho Survey Paddock comes off as a matter of course, aud perhaps it will bo the most enjoyable party of all. The wiud:iip of tho Rifle Association's meeting at Emerald-hill butts may attract some of those who are out fora holiday, but this is agather ing rather of a business like cast. Abundant provision is ma.le for those pleasure-seekers who choose to take a trip down tho Bay. The steamer Challenge will go down to Snapper Point,, the Resolute, Murray and Mystery to Quoenseliff, and the Blac': Eagle to Port Arlington. In tho evening tliere will bo the pantomimes at the Royal and Duke of Edinburgh, Mr. Heller with his Christmas programme ; and Wes ton's Opera House, with a selection of the niorceaux of the season. In connection with the races, the Omnibus Company will run their vehicles as usual to and from the Spcuccr streefc station to meet each train, through tickets being sold at the omnibus office. The country press is almost unanimous in denouncing the suspension of business at the Laud office during tho present month. From to-day a material reduction will he made in the rate charged for transmission of telegraphic messages between this colony and Adelaide. The now Sandritlgo Town Hall was opened last nitilst.by a f- ' ball, at which all the iiotaUiA'ties,. or-~ '..jurb wore present. The.---'' with great eclat, and dancing was kept u^ antil an early hour. ' The Hiflo Association's tournament at the butts, on the Emerald-hill dowua, proceeded yesterday, and the popping was kept briskly going from seven iti the morning until noir dusk. Tho matches 'aro conducted with a keen excitement among the compatitoj-s, the interest yesterday culminating princi pally in the international nutch bjtwecn representatives of England, .Scotland and Ireland. The Englishmen won, but were hard prosaed by their antagonists, the struggle being one of tho closest that has taken place in the colony. The matches will conclude to-day. A Chinaman, mined Mathew Ah Kew, attempted to commit suicide in the Eastern lock-up, Iiallar.it, yesterday, but was frus trated in his endeavor. Mr. Wrixon, M.L.A., wai announced to address tho electors of Belfast on Wednes day evening. The whole of tho female immigrants who arrived by the Charlotte Gladstone, and who required situations, obtained engagements very readily yesterday morning between eleven and twoivo o'clock, at wages some what higher than had previously boon the ruling rat-os. There are still several of the young women at tho depot, but they are ex pecting their friends to coma and take them away. If, however, they do not find homes with their friends, they will l)e open to take situations iu service on Tuesday. Tho Rev. Mr. Ramsay, for many years pastor of St. Enoch's Church, Collins-street, expired last evening, at the Manse at tached to tho church. The rev. gentleman lias been ailing for some time past, and having on Sunday been seized with a iit of paralysis, his constitution gave way to the shock. Mr. Ramsay was born in 1S09, near Glasgow, and was consequently sixty ycar3 of age at tho time of his death. He was ordained minister of tho .Relief Church, llawiek, in Scotland, in 1835, where he re mained until his departure for this colony, in 1817, and lie was the first who estab lished a church in the colony on the purely voluntary system, apart from all assistance from Government The rev. gentleman was respected by a large circle of friends and acquaintances, and his loss will be much felt. It is gratifying to see that the undoubted excellence of some of our periodicals is liberally recognised in the mother country. In a recent issuo tho Christian Monllihj lAV-itw thus expresses itself with regard Co tho most prominent of our most widely circulatud journals : — ' Received : ///ni trated Auitrn/ian A't'ira . (most beautifully got up as usual) ; The Melbourne Luaih'r (a wonderful paper, consisting of thirty-two pages; each about ]3{ in. by 191 in. What with this and tho Illustrated Australian Ifeirx wo, as printers, may well be proud of our Australian brethren. America produces no thing liko them). ' What will they say to this in America, we wonder ? A warrant was yesterday issued against a man named Quiney, who has been in the employ of Mr. Glen, musicseller, Collins street, as a collector. The total amount of the defalcations is said to amount to about £100 in different small sums, and as he has not been seen for about a wcuk past, it is supposed that ho has left Melbourne. Once moro the lovers, of music in Mel bourne aro to be indulged with operatic performances. Tho programmo of Messrs. Lystcr and Smith for the ensuing season of J870 has been issued. From this docu ment we learn that the season will extend over nine weeks, consisting of lifty-four re presentations, and will be under the patro nage of Viscount and Lady Canterbury, Earl and Countess of Belmore, and Sir James and Lady Fergusson, tho representa tives of her Majesty in , the Australian colo nies. Tho inauguration night will be Saturday, 5th February, at the Theatre Royal, which has been rented from the present lessees for the season. The follow? ing is- tho company engaged: — Mdlle. Lucia Bnrrati, prima- donna soprano ; Miss- Luey Chambers, prima donna contralto ; Signor Mariano Neri Pruno, tenor ; Signor Euria Mari Carina, primo baritone ; and Signor Eurico Dondi, primo basso. Messrs. Armes Beaumont, Baker, Suteliflb and Kifcts will also join the company from San Francisco, aud negotiations have been opened with Madame Fanny Simonaen and Mr. De Haga. Hcrr Siede is to be musical conductor, and Mr. Perraton chorus master. Tlio repertoire of the company contains all tho operas which have been already presented to the Melbourne public, and in addition the following pieces, new to tho colonies, arc to bo performed : — Meyerbeer's Dinnrah, Donizetti's Mario de Rohan, Verdi's Vesper Sicilian, Pacini's Sallb, Halevy's Ebreo (better known as La Juive), and Verdi's Don Carlos, together with several of Offenbach's bufl'o operas. Owing to tho expense entailed upon the management, the prices of admission have been slightly increased, but to such a small extent that they will not be felt by the real lovers of music. The prices will be as follow : — For tho season : Dross circle, double ticket, £25 ; single ticket, £14 ; stalls, double ticket, £15 ; single ticket, £S 10s. ; while the prices for the single tickets havo boon fixed as follows : — Dress circle, Cs. ; stalls, '4s. ; upper cirelo, 3s. ; pit. 2s. ; and gallery, Is. ; which amounts are far below the prices charged at the London Opera House. Tho subscription list has already been opened at Messrs. Wilkie, Webster and Allan's, Collins-street, and the number of tickets to wliich each subscriber will be en titled will be issued at the commencement of the season, and can be transferred at tho pleasure of the subscriber, or any number of them can be used' on any ono night. Parties having tickets in their possession can secure Beats, not previously engaged, by showing tho same to the box-keeper. It is to be hoped that Messrs. Lyster and Smith will receive the full support of the- music-loving public, in order to recoup them for the largo outlay which has already been incurred by. them in their attempts to provide a really good operatic entertainment for tlio Mel bourno playgoers. The ordinary meeting of tho committee of tho Eye and Ear Institution was held yester day afternoon ; present, Dr. Neild (chair man), Messrs. Gray, Mirains, Dickson, and II. Gibbs. Tho honorary surgeon's report for the month showed that 15 in-patients had been admitted and 10 discharged, 20 opera tions had been performed. The number of out-patients on tho books amounted to 338— 74 of which were new cases. Several appli cations for admissions wero disposed of by the committee. Tlio lion. sec. was in structed to prepare the report for the annual meeting to be held in February next. In tUe County Court yesterday, Maple stono v. Gibson was an action of ejectment to recover a block of land in Berkley-street, Carjton, on which are erected twelve wooden houses. Mr. Chambers appeared for tho plaintiff, Mr. G. P. .Smith for the defendant. Ten years ago Mr. Joseph Sutherland let the land on a building lease to ono Gibson, and shortly after Gibson 4ied, leaving the plaintiff executor to his will. When the lease had nearly expired the widow of Gibson applied to Mr. Shaun, of tho Bank of Victoria, to purchase the fee simple, and it was alleged that negotia tions had been carried on and £300 given to Mr. Shann as part payment. However, the plaintiff managed to purchase the pro perty for himself, and brought the present action. A verdict for the plaintiff was given, subject to nonsuit points. Notice of appeal was given, on the ground that the annual value of tho property exceeded the jurisdiction of the court. Schiedmayer v. Chapman was an action to recover £55, the value of three pianofortes scut over by the plaintiff in Stuttgard. Mr. Speusley for the plaintiff, Mr. Quinlan for the defence. His Honor reserved judgment. The court then adjourned sine die.''. Tlio charge of wilful trespass brought by Mr. Henry against a woman named Ami Bren nan, and which had been adjourned by the City maffistratos until yesterday, was not proceeded with, as it was stated in court that Mr. Henry had returned the woman the £20 she had paid on account of the pro pci ty, and in consequence she had given up peaceable possession. Mr. Ca' 1 said ho was very glad to hear that justice had been done the woman, as she had no doubt paid away her earnings with the impression that she was purchasing a home for her old age. The magisterial bench at Brighton yester day presented an unwonted appearance, it being graced with tho presenco of no less than six magistrates, including Mr. Temple ton. Tho exciting cause appeared to be an application by Mr. -El-worthy, of St. Ivilda, for the renewal of a slaughtering licence,; granted twelve months previously, for pre mises situated at Caulfield. Mr. Read ? — ? _ *g| appeared in support of, aud Mr. T. Miller iu. \M opposition to, the application. Tlio case had ill bee.'i.postpoiied from tlie.pruyio-.is court. It til appeared that Mr. Elworthy hail purchased El a paddock of titty acre?, in a 'thinly populated }m portion of CaullieM. near the residence of t§l Messrs. Riddell and F. Stephens, tho nearest §§ house being three-quarters of a mile distant- ' §£ In the centre of this paddock a. slaughtering §lj establishment- had been erected, where about _, Wi !)50 sheep v,-ere killed weekly. Every pr'k ^~ 3£ caution was adopted to prevent any nuisance' ** « arising, and, according to thu applicants §1 witnesses, the whole of the arrangements M were s-- complete a-s to mako it ono If of the best adapted establishments for tho M purpose. On the other hand, Mr. Miller m for the local board of health pre.syjitod'a m petition very ambiguously worded and badly §§ spelt, urging that lnj.ly to oppose the renewal K of the licence. The petition was 'signed by P twenty-seven persons, the greater portion o£ M whom resided at a. distance of from two to M four miles from the premises. Several of p the petitioners were sworn, and described fe the nature of the nuisance. In reply tu Ip questions by the bench and Mr. Read, Mr. M Masters, a member of tho local board of Fp health, stated the board, although in exist- P\ ence before tlio licence was granted to tha H applicant, they had not takon any proceed-. I , ings against-, him under the 32ml soction of [?' thu Health .Statute, nor even sent him any f j notice of complaint, alleging as a reason that fcj if at any time an unpleasant eflluvia was' h arising from tho premises, before they could E procure the attendance of two medical inert Kj to certify to the nuisance, it had di.sappeared. Tlio bench, after spending somo time in in vestigating the case, decided to grant tho licence, as there was uo evidence to show the position of the premisos was unlit for tho business, and if a nuisance, the local board of health had the remedy provided in the 32ud clause of the Public Health Act. ' We regret to announce that death has j resulted from tho severe burns sustained ore Wednesday last by Mr. William Downic, . I the well-known grocer in East Colliugwood, I From inquiries it appears the accident; 1 arose in this wise : Some of the deceased's. | children had been playing in a storeroom in 1 the yard and had managed to set it on fire. 1 As there was an eight or ten gallon tin keg; 1 full of kerosene in the store at the time,' Mr. I Downic was fearful if that ignited that a I large lire might be tho rosult, and, calling, I ono of his lads to help him, ho went; I into the store, and ho was bringing E it out when tho oil exploded, burn- I ing him most severely about tho chest, ' I throat and head, tho hair and whiskers being burnt off to tho stumps. He was re- . moved indoors, and three medical men at tended him constantly until his death : yesterday morning at half-past one o'clock. Mr. Dowiiie was a stout and a young man, being only thirty-seven years old. He leaves) J a widow and seven, children. An inquest - was held by Mr. Oandler, and tho jury ? returned a verdict of accidental doath. The dispute between Mrs. Collier, an | hotclkeeper in Fitzroy, and her son-in-law, | Edward M'Cabe, which has for somo weeks I past occupied the attention of the Fitzroy ' I magistrates, has been removed to the Dis- . I trict Court, Mr. M'Cabe having summoned I Mrs. Collier before that tribunal yesterday, I on fraud summonses for several amounts pre- f sumably advanced to her. Tho investigation, | however, .wns not proceeded with, as Mrs. jj Collier forwarded a medical certificate to tho i effect that she was suffering from palpitation j of the heart, and was unable to attend, and i the case was accordingly postponed. ;' Apropos of this case it was originally' j stated by Mrs. Collier in the Fitzroy Police,.. j Court that her daughter was living in. con- ' cubinago with Mr. M'Cabe. This statement I is however totally false, Mr. and Mrs. \ M'Cabehavingbcenmarriedinth(.-yearl8t'rf, t aud they havo now several children. When I Mrs. Collier was placed on her oath on a sub- t: sequent occasion t-ho contradicted her former [ statement, and admitted that her daughter. ' ' ' * i and M'Cabo were legally married. Tho ? v only cause that can be assigned for a mother t making a statement calculated to destroy s her daughter's character is, t5iat she bears \ her malice for some sirpposed injury, which, | cause Mrs. M'Cabe totally ignores. ? ' \ During the hearing of a cause in the County _ J J/i Court yesterday, Schiedmayer v. Chapman, ' ' j it came out that one of tho witnesses was a f man named Rowden, lately iri tlio employ- . [ incut of the defendant. Just as he was ab.out to leave, or just after ho did leave the do- j fondant's service, he penned tho following ' j letter:—'-! Lingwcll terrace, Mackenzie- I street, 1st March, 1SC9. ? Messrs. Collard and Collard : Gentlemen — I beg to suggest tho propriety of your demanding pajment o£. your account from Mr. Chapman without delay, or you will not got it, as he has sold his business, and he is in a position to pay . 20s. in the pound at present. I havo been the means of keeping him on his feet for some years past, and as he wanted me to assist in offering his European creditors' some few shillings in the pound, I feel myself: justified iu giving you this information. En- ' closed is a list of creditors. Of course this; is confidential, excepting among tho credi tors. 1 am, yours truly, F. Rowden.' En- ' closed were the names of Mr. Chapman's . ten creditors, and tho amounts due to them respectively. The letter speaks for itself, ' and Messrs. Collard and Collanl immediately transmitted it aud the enclosure back to Mr. Chapman. Strange to say liowden did not put himself down as a creditor then, although, he afterwards claimed £100. What eccentricities were the authorities up to with the l'ost Ollice clock last night 't Shortly before eight tho light began to blink, and in a moment or so this was snuffed out, and tho clock stopped. About midnight it was set agoing again with tho right time. It is said there wassoineallcgorioal ideain this— keeping dark till twelve and then blazing up for the new year. Very pretty, doubtless, but commonplace people want to know the time, and don't care about ;ille gorics, . . At Deniliqnin, recently, some ruffians got ? hold of a horse aud cut its tongue out, be sides otherwise mutilating it. John Smith was charged at tho Geelong Police Court yesterday with uttering a value less cheque at the Werribee. Tho prisoner went into Armstrong's Hotel, at Wyndham, called for a glass of ale and presented a ' cheque for £!)'l0s., purporting to be drawn by Samuel Wilson, of Longerennong, in tho - Wimmeni district. The cheque was re- . fused. and the prisoner departed. The vil lage constable, Cowderoy, however, having heard of the circumstances, followed and ar- . rested him about three milos from Wyndham, ?? and brought him to Geelong. There was - not a particle of evidence adduced to war rant tho arrest. The cheque was not pro- i duccd, no one knew anything of Wilson or ' his handwriting, or whether tho cheque was1.; valueless or not — in fact there was uo cose : at all. The prisoner was immediately dis- ? charged. ? The South Australian AdcertUcr, a foiir-_ page paper, has had to apologise to certainoi: its subscribers for having served thorn with papers which 'were not printed on tho second and third pages.' A lively paper we should think. Porhaps meant for a Christmas surprise. Visitors to the Grand Art Exhibition ? must have noticed three very beautiful water color drawings, from the easel of Mr. T. Robertson, of Emerald-hill. They wero . distinguished for a bold and dashing handling of the subject, combined with ajier* feet accordance with the minutuu of nautical painting. Mr. Robertson has just finished two more pictures, surpassing hia previous efforts ; one is a Dntch galliot, in a squall off the coast of Ilonfleur. It is one of the best samples of Mr. Robertson's pencil that has yet been seen in Melbourne. Its fellow is_a wreck on the coast of Cornwall, and ia also a very beautiful water-color drawing. They aw to bo seen at W. R. Stevens and Co. 's, who have just opened in Bonrke-striet . «\st. in the old premises occupied by Mr. ; Duncan. , ' A aad case, giving a glimpse into the do- — mestic life of the colony, came under the no tice of the city magistrates yesterday, when a man named George Brown was charged with deserting his illegitimate children. Tho prisoner had been arrested at Benalla. but upon being brought before tho City Court on the first occasion ho denied having any chil dren, and the case was accordingly remanded until yesterday to allow tho police to find the prosecutrix. Upon the case being called on a woman took her place iri the -witnees box, accompanied by thro,; children, and said *ho hod been living with the prisoner since ' 18G0, and had had five children, two of whom were dead. During tho last foni '? '. years sho had only received £7 from him, ' : indowine to her destitution she had boon, ! J compeUed to do things she was ashamed of. 1 ?* Four years since he had told- her he ^ vould send her to thadevil homllong, and he f '1 L, early accomplisbed his intoution. Since i'\ her lU- child ™ born, .bout two year. f- ' ™ riie had only received £l from him, L ; -Sd having no placo to put ^.children or ?- food t' srivo them, Ehe hr.d bc-.=u unveu to y- %** that her soul revolted from She only J&T-; ' -^ir^ted him to provide for Hie two eldest :Kt children, and sho would care for her K- - youngest while it lived, which could not be *?' forloTv. Tho prisoner said he : was 1 willing I ' to nwnr her, and provide for his children, taEL point blank refused to do Mr. k- C 11 advised her to think over the matter, as ? it would be far bettor if such an arrangement ;- - wvi come to ; but sho replied she would H Bonier starve. Ultimately tho magistrate i ? m an ordor for the prisoner to pay ^-3 per week for ili« support of his chrfdrcn ' fo'r twelve months, and to find two sureties of £20 each for the duo fulfilment of the ? order As tho prisoner was unknown in Melbourne he could not find the sureties and IS ^ removed to gaol, Mr. Call again advising tho woman to think over ha suggestion of inarrying him. as she could gain nothing by liis being locked up m gaol. ; Two moro deserters from the Flying the citv magistrates yesterday they had nothing to Bay in their defence, and they were accordingly sent to . gaol until the Governor'* warrant could be obtained for r thei ? tonBinission to Hobart Town to join their ship. ,. A notorious leader of the gang of rowdieb ': infestiii' Rourke-street during tnc night v. as 1 ScSclto a lengthened term o .?mpnsonj meat yesterday at the City Court He hft I l,een Crested about four o'clock in the mo ^ - ing, havinglinostgrossly insulted tw o nai ket women, v/ho were waiting alongside then carts for the opening of the market yestor «kv mornin'. The prisoner, who appeared t obeXutlwentyyearsof.agehadbehaved ft in n very indecent manner to one of the &. womon in the presence of her husband, and W upon being arrested by the constable used %\ most abominable language. For hw con ? ' duct to the womon ho was sont to gaol foi I , tlireo months with hard labor, and for tho V obscene language he was ordered to pay a \- J lino of £10, or to go to gaol for an additional ''' three months, with hard labor, i he money I not being forthcoming ho was sent to goal * for tlio full term of six months, and this !*- may, porhaps, act aa a warning to some ot \ his companions. ' ' Notwithstnnding tho. numerous warnings that have been given to tradesmen respect ing the practice of exposing goods for sale outside their premises, and thus .illording ; temptation to tlio thieves who infest the city, and obstructing the thoroughfare, the , t nuisance is as prevalent a3 ever. i estor r day, at the City Court, a woman named ?«? Sarah Johnston was charged with steal b l in.' a pair of boots from the shop door of % 1 Mr Oddy, bootrnakor, Swanstou-street, and 1 ! having pleaded guilty, sho was sent to gaol Iq for fourteen days, tho magistrates informing F1' the prosecutor that they inflicted a very I* - small pnnishment owing to tho temptation f -i afforded by shopkeepers who exposed their s goods outside the door. ' V There were 9S births and 91 deaths in 1 ''''?- Melbourne and its suburbs during the week t$ ' ended 25th ult. Infantile diarrhtt'a was the ' * cause of several deaths. . , j: 1 AYhere aro tho Melbourne scavengers 'I ~%} If the inspector of nuisances would take l.-1 a walk up and down Klizabeth-street, S& it might tend towards the removal of ffSS the nuisance that now exists, and which at ,fi night renders that street perfectly pes fiU tiferous. ^«-| About half-past live o'clock yesterday #1 afternoon, a horse yoked to an empty l\ bucgy turned out of Spring-street into N ; Bourko-strpet at full gallop, and, although 1: «oiu' at a frightful pace, tho animal managed !&r;' s to steer its course clear till it struck and over yWjtt± * ''turned tho fruit stall at the north- east P- ' corner of Swanston and Bourke streets, and ^ finally brought tho buggy itself to grief, t I breaking both the shafts. It was secured in »*- Swanstou-street, and the ownor will be able \\*4 to.obtain his property by applying to the ,,2 police, and paying damages inflicted on. the ~T''i apple stall. A \ .Children aro sent, not only from all parts V * of Victoria, to the various charities in and *'\\\ around Melbourne, but it appears that f- oftentimes they are Rent from tlio adjacent W' colonies to bo provided for by the Govern l*i^ ment. Yesterday morning, a Mr. Richard «f, sou, brought a little boy, about seven years % '{ of age, under tho notice of the police magis ?~i trate, saying ho was a neglected child, and 'J hud no parents in Melbourne. Alittle inquiry ^. elicited the fact that the boy's father was Jh named Bates (formerly a well-known jeweller ' i in' Collins-street, who was now residing at ??» Hay, N.S.W., and ho had been sont down frU with a view of l-eing placed in the Industrial ?14 School. A little further questioning brought * t out the statement that this man had already 1*'- managed to get two of his children placed in V'i the Melbourne Orphanage, and. tho boy then ffl before the court had been sont down with a Its view of being similarly disposed of. The $ » bcueh were exceedingly indignant at the im J| , position which had been attempted upon If ' them, and ordered Mr. Richardson to take R the' boy homo , and either take the care of H him himself or else send him back to h)8 I father at Hay. There is a very lino copy of one of the finest pictures in our National Art Gallery, at present on wow at Mr. Whitekead's, Collins-street east. It is tho Depart du 1'iance, by Roller, the copyist being a young, but clever artist of the name of John White, a youth of seventeen. This picture is well ,» worthy the inspection of every ono possessed Tfc. \ of sufficient acquaintance with art to be able I to realise talent, even in a copyist. He has IK most wonderfully caught tho expres $* siou of tho features of tho two 1i% principal figures, which suffice to tell ij1 the story of the picture, and in every other f'£ respect lias closely followed tho original. T, Mr! Whiteheftd has lately received two per Jk* feet little gems from Prussia, in which ' 4 * chromotype and hand-painting are blended , *;& with maspcal eQect. In his stock of lW- chromos from Germany are contained some I W$ 'f the best samples of the' art yet seen in [ ^ the colony. Ho has also imported some very W£ beautiful photographic scenery in Great #3 Britain, most' artistically colored and fit to I H J adorn the walls of any mansion. Just now Ife, Mr. Whitehead's stock ia particularly worthy sfe'j of inspection. 1 H* lu the police court at St. Kilda, yesterday, 1 §| I the greater part of the timo was taken up m 'pij hearing cases in which cabmen were con-' HI corned. Day after day complaints are bo CII'J coming louder of the Omnibus Company fail S- inrr to keep their promise to put 'busses on Sk the St. Kilda and the Richmond lino of mti roads. Tho other day two shillings wa3 M, demanded aa tho faro from the St. Kilda B&-* llailway Station' to Melbourne, and it is Wk high time that v.heso public extortionists ||§ should bo taught; a similar .lesson to that Illl given to their confreres of G'ollLngwood and Silt Ctu-lton. |||fe A contributor to the Bendigo Independent WmSi is specially hard on the recognised Collins WBli street journal for its treatment of spiriiual I^S ism. He says: — ' There is a considerable ^g fitness of things about this Yankee sensation 1||| heing ushered into Victoria with a flourish ^S of Collins- street trumpets. The Argm is 'Sli nothing if not sceptical. Anything of an ||j|| anti-orthodoxical nature possesses 'a special ^B charm for it. It has always been in a Illl straight betwixt two ; carrying on a theolo ^S «ical nirtiition with Christianity and Iniide J||* lity, but enilontly unablo or unwilling to dis ' |l||§ tinguish which from t'other. Regarding ' ^- mS ' ^.^ ft})ouf; tn0 samo amount of favor, ' ^K^ antl being in a fog a3 to which is right or ^S 1 wrong, it has frequently declared, how im ^p ylieitly it could believe in either wore the MM other delusion away. It has about the same: m® confidence in tho 'Gospel by St. Matthew Wm that it has in tho Ago of Reason, the Ruin of yRg Empires, or the theology of Queen Mab. It wB ^ ketvrecn the tv opinions of be ||Pl lie\\-ing in St. Taul or throwing up its hat tima for Tom Paino. -It would be ashamed to g3|a own right out that it believed in God ffH the father Almighty and in Jesus Christ rUS , only ^gotteii Sou our Lord, and in the ',j||| Holy Ghost Ab for Maker of heaven and ^S earth, born of tha Virgin Mary, tho Com ^P {orter. tte communion 01 Saints, the forgive ness of sins, and such like reveries, they are altogether below tho standard of the Anju^f 'nhilosopliv. It would-blush to advocate the truth of any or all of them, though it has not tho r.-ourage to avow, or the ' ability to give a rwUou-for, the unbelief which is ?in it.' : There will be no regular sitting of the ma^ist'-ates at the city police court either to day or Monday, both days being Government holidays, but a magistrate will attend at the waichhouse to clear the charge-sheet of the cases of drunkenness. Tho different -places of amusement were well patronised last evening, tho same bill being repeated at each of tho theatres, but tho principal attractions were of course the pantomimes, both of which now run very smoothly. This evening the opening piece will bo changed at both houses, laming a Tiger is to lie played at the Theatre Ivoyal, and An Object of Interest at the Duke of Edinburgh. As an additional inducement to holiday-makers to visit the latter theatre, tho prices have been reduced to all narts of the house. Mr. Heller had 'a very good audience, and his really clov r entertainment met with its usual meed of applause. Ho will give an afternoon per formance to-day, so that parents living at a distance from town may givo their children a chanco of witnessing the freaks of Punch and Judy, without keeping them out ot bed toolato. At Westons opera house a new feature was introduced in the shape of a black pantomime, which was received with shouts of laugutcr, and promises to become very popular. ? ? 