ST. IARltY'S CHUTRC , CAULFIELD. The ceremony of laying the foundetion stone of St. Mary's Chui'ch, Caulfield, took place on Saturday afternoon last, in the presence of a very numerous assemblage. The Bishop of Melbourne officiated, assisted by the Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, the Rhvs. H. B. Macartney (incumbent of the parish), C. T. Isaacson, T. Cole, J. FAllaril J. Thompson, C. 'T.Perry, - Floyd, T. Holme, land G. Wilkinson. Amongst the laitv whu todok part in the proceedings were Sir George Stephen, Mr. J. Wilberforce Stephl.n (Chancellor of the Diocese), Mr. T. '1'. A'Bclkett, Captain Smith, Mr. G. IH. Webb (barrister), Mr. H. Langdon, Mr. - Reed architect), Mr. Van Hemert, and others, togethler with a very numerous com pany of ladies. Thd order of procedure was as follows: The Rev. Incumbent read froni 1 Chron., chap. xxix. ver. 1-20, the Creed, and the Liturgy. Prayer was then offered by the Bishop. Mr.': J. W. Stephen, as director, expressed the o liga ions of all presentto his lordship for his kind attendance on the present aus picious olccasion, and claimed credit for himsdlf, co-trustees, and the congregation generslly,, for the success which had at tendedrl their efforts for the erection of a thurch more in accordance with the in creasing requirements of the district, and Intrammelled byState aid. It must be re meinlbered that the parishlioners had in public meeting assembled resolved to do without the Statd dold-this was .prior to its withdrawal by the Lgislature--and the result justified their cornfidence in the power of volun tarypm, through which they lhad been nabled to proceed so lar, and they could bodw oh the security of the building--thle frst in the colony erected independent of State aid; He )0ped to have the pleasure t se.?ng his lor.s ip at the consecration of thisbuilidina, when he felt confident the che wo"uld be handed over fhee from debt. lr.:_Ste hen then handed the .'seroll"to -r. Eve ett Ba3nrdwell, who read it, and it Was then deposited, with the papers and cgisi, in a stoppered bottle, and placed by Mr. Harold Pennington in the receptacle provided. The Bishop was then presented by Mir. Stephen with a silver trowel, suitably in scribed, the work of Messrs. Walsh, Collins street; and, after expressing his gratification at the gift, his lordship laid the stone with the usual formalities, pronouncing the same well and .truly laid, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The following is a copy of the contents of the scroll: "This scroll was deposited in the memorial stone of St. Mary's Church, Caulfield,on Saturday July 9, A.D. 1870, in the 34th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, together with the three Melbourne daily papers, one local journal (the Teleqraphl), the ' Church of England Messenger,' and the various corns of the reanlm. Governor of the Colony, John Henry Thomas, Viscount Canterbury, of the City of Canterbury, county of Kent, and Baron Bottesford, of : Bottesford, in the county of Leicester, in tile peerage of the United Kingdomn of Great Britain and Ireland. The Bishop of the Diocese, thle Right Rev. Charles Perry, D.D.; Dean of Melbourne, the Very Rev. H. B. Macartney,D.D.; Rev. H.B. Macartney, jun.,B. A. Trustees: J. Wilberforce Stephen, Harold Pen nington, andEverett Bardwell. Architects, Messrs. Reed and Barnes. Builders of foundations, Little and Boyne. Builder of superstructure, James Bonhlam. (Signed) C. MELBOURNE. : H. B. MACARTNEY. H. B. MACARTNEY, JUN. J. WILBERFORCE STEPHEN. HAnoLD PENNINGTON. EVERETT BARDWELL." 'IThe stone having been laid, offerings to a considerable amount were deposited thereon. Hymn 337 was sung by the choir, and joined in by those present. The Bishop offered prayer, and then briefly addressed the meeting, describing the church, the memorial stone of which they had just laid, as emblematic of the progress of the colony in regard to settlement. He had every confidence in the energy of the parishioners that the work they had that day inaugurated would be successfillly completed. The church in Caulfield had progressed to. its present hopeful.positibn fri'm very small beginnings; and it was matter for congratu lation that the present church was the first erected without State aid, and showed what could be done when a congregation were in earnest. Sir George Stephen,' who was evidently suffering from physical debility, addressed the meeting, congratulating those present on the occasion which had ctlled them together. After some other introductory remarks, Sir George spoke on the prevalence of vice, its unblushing effrontery, and its shameless publicity; and held thb curse of drink as leading to these crying evils, the source of which lay, in many instances, to the disap pointment experienced by individuals who had by their own .act severed themselves firom social and fhmily ties. These men, finding no sympathy hfnd having no near and tlear ones to aid and assist them with their loving kindness in overcoming the difficulties surrounding them, only too often took to drink, and drinl led to despondency, despair, and suicide, as the daily papers con. stantly showed them. Let, then, the man who felt isolated from~ friends and kindred remember in his hour of sorrow that he has a God to flee to, a Saviour to appeal to, and he would be safe. It was by the spread of the Gospel of our blessed Lord, by the multiplication of His churches, that the desponding would be saved from destruction, and brought into the fold of Christ. He trusted that-if not in his time, but yet in no longe time hence-the consolation of the Gospel would be placed within the reach of all mankind, and the Church of Christ be indeed universal; that in the filness of time all man would, with Seraphim and Cherubim, praise God before His holy altar in Heaven. (Sir George concluded an exceedingly earnest address, amidst feeling though subdued de monstrations, testifying to the respect and esteem in which his character is held by his friends and neighbours). The Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne then addressed the meeting, congratulating those present on the success of their efforts, and expressing his gratification to witness among them aged fathers taking part in the good work initiated by their sons (alluding to Sir George Stephen, and himself as father of the incumbent), who, stricken in years, might not see the completion of what had been so happily begun. What they had that d(lay commenced was a proof that the people were in earnest for settlement, for homes, and the worship of the Lord Jesus Christ. In the evening a tea meeting was held in a spacious marquee, erected for the occasion, in front of the piresent church. The Bishop presided, and stated to the meeting that notes had been received from His lionour Judge Pohlman and from the Rev. G. O. Vance, regretting their inability to attend. After the ample store of good things pro i vided httBd beep discussed, the business of the "· =" ? -- Im evening was commenced by Mr. J. W. Stephen reading the financial statement, by which it was shown that the subscriptions received amounted to the very handsome sum of i£771 14s., exclusive of the offerings laid, on the memorial stone. The statement en tered into minntai of probable expenditure and receipts, was most sanguine in tone, and was received with unqualified satisfaction. The Rev. J. Stanley Low, late incumbent of Caulfield, and now of Christ Church, St. Kilda, delivered an historical resume of'the growth of the parish as follows :-I believe I am expected to say something of the past history of the church in this place. It ex tends, I am given to understand, over a period of twelve years ; but my bi'ief review of it will not detain you as many minutes. Thie work of the church here was begun' by the ministry of one familiar to and be. loved by you all. I refer to the Rev. J. H. Gregory. I understand from him that thli service was commenced in a cottage not far from the site of the present church; and, like many noble and vast works, had thh very smallest of beginnings. But you shall have the account in his own words. The speaker here read an extract from a letter by Mr. Gregory, stating that "reference to re gisters and memoranda showed that theCaul field service was commenced in the summer 6f 1858 (or it might be '59), and that a fewv months after he began the service the Caulfield Union Chapel was erected, and applications to certain members of their oWn church were met by the assertion that it whs useless to attempt to establish the church service, as they and others had subscribed ýo the Union Chapel scheme. The first church was a simple paling structure, the con gregation numbering generally about eight or ten." Thus, like many a great river, the source was from the smallest spring. There appears to have been little done in the way of material progress during the brief ministry in this place of either Hr. Fenner or Mr. Baxter; but after the latter gentleman had resigned, the pastorate of the Rev. H. C. IM. Watson commenced, and increased signs of vitality began to appear; The structure rejoicing in the title of "ecclesiastical shed" (which was the nucleus of the present build ing, and about one-fourth of its size) was Sfound to be altogether too small for the ac commodation of the increasing congregation, now it began to put on the appearance of a bona fide church, and to assert its character in the addition of transepts and chancel. Shortly after this addition Mr. Watson re moved to and took the pastoral charge of the district of T'laradale and Malmsburv. And now another work of greater dimensions than any of the former began to be dis cussed. And here the courage and faith and churchmanship of the small and strug gling parish began to manifest itself in earnest. The trustees would build a par sonage, and it should be a good one; one which Would be no discredit to the parish when it should come to maturity, and assert itself among the first parishes of the diocese. With vast energy it commenced and co,; pleted this work. He was not surprised to receive the congratulations of his brethien on all hands, nor astonished at their expres sions of wonder, that a parish numericallr so small should accomplish so much. Bur a venerable trustee could scarcely believe his brother trustees when they told him wat. they were going to do; it nearly took away his breath; he thought the trustees and the parish too were going mad. To build so large and costly a parsonage in so small a parish-impossible ! But it was done; and our venerable friend could only gaze in silent astonishment. Now this great work' is scarcely done when another great work lre sents itself. One would have thought that the struggling parish would have been at. its wit's end by this time. But it was iot. It lookied as complacent and placid and con scious of its strength as ever. The church must be enlarged, said the parish. The church shall be enlarged, said the trustees; and it was not long before this was done, end the clergyman's stipend also increa.ed. Then in a little while came the presure again. No room; no room for standing, much less sitting ! What shall be done now ? Think! T''he seats must be. put closer together. And, to the horror of ladies and gentlemen of portly presence, they were put closer together l And now,'to crbwn the whole, an organ was talked of; anm an organ was purchased, and we have heard its sweet tones this evening. Blessed be God's holy name, the parish has not stood still' It rolls on broader and deeper, increasin, in strength and volume as we see to-day ! But there is a solemn side to this most cheeing state of things. What has been the spiritual progress? God only knows this. But the day shall declare it. There is much doubt less to humble, amid all our gratitudeiand praise. One thing also, in conclusion, he must say. No minister ever could meet with more open-handedness, more sympathy, more unselfishness, more kindness, than he (the speaker) did in this parish. And he thanked those present, his late parishioners,. and praiyed God to prosper them in their present enterprise, believing that what he had said ought to encourage them to the belief that a glorious success would. wait u;ion their present effor s. A second ccllction wvas now made by the Rev. C. T. Isaacson, and liberally re sponded to. 'Addresses were.also delivered by the Rev. ri. B. Macartney, jun., Rev. C. 'P. Isaacson, th'e Dean of Melbourne,' the Chief Justice, and others. The addresses were varied by a number of arithems, sung in good taste by the church choir, assisted by Mirs. Young, with organ accompaniment. Hymn 358 was sung, and the Benediction pronounced; and so closed the proceedings of a day connected with an event the memory of which will long life among the inhabitants of Caulfield. 