SOHE CHAPTSBS FBOU THS RECOLLECTIONS OF GEOFFRY HAMLYN. Cecil began :—' Sam, depend on it that {child lias crossed -the river to this side. If hehadbeenon the plains he *ouVd have been scan from adiitanoe in a few tours.' ? ' I quite agree,' said Sam. ' I*t us go down this ftide tilL we are onnosito tile hut. and search for inarks by the river side.' So they agreed ; and in half on hour were opposite the hat, and, riding across to it to ask a few questions, fuuud the poor mother sitting on the door-step, with her apron over her he&d;, rocking herself to aud fro. 'We have come to help you, mistress,' eaid Sain. ' Bow do you think he it gone ?' She said, with frequestbursteo) grief, 'that loraedays before he had mentioned having soen white children across the water, who beckoned him to cross and play ; that she, knowing well that they were fairies, or per haps worse, had warned him solemnly not to mind them ; but that she had very little doubt that they had helped him over and carried him away to the forest ; and that her husband would not believe in his having crossed the river.' ' Why, it is not knee-deep across the shallow,' ffitid Cecil. 'Let us cross again,' said Sam: 'he may be drowned, but I don't think it' In a quarter of an hour from starting they found. bii^uvij uaj vug rt Ml Til 1 1 1 1 wucul uuc uuuu 0 DUbnp, nuivu in his hurry to dress he had forgotten. Here brave Borer took up the trail like a bloodhound, and before evening stopped at the foot of a iofty cliff. '' Can he have gone up here?' said Sam, as they were brought up by the rock. ' Most likely,' said Cecil. ' Lost children always climb from height to height I have heard it often remarked by old bush hands. Why they do so, God, who leads them, only knows ; but the fact is beyond denial. Ask Rover what he thinks ?' The brave old dog was half-way up, looking back for them. It took them nearly till dark to get their horses up ; and,1 as there was no moon, and the way was getting perilous, they determined to camp, and start agiin in the morning. They spread their blankets 'and' lay down side by side. Sam had thought, from Cecil's proposing to come with him in preference to the others, that he would speak of a subject nearly concerning them both.; but Cecil went off to sleep and made no sign ; and Sim, ere he dozed, said to himself —'By Jove, if he don't speak this journey, I will It is unbearable that we should not come to some understanding. Poor Cecil!' At early dawn they caught up their horses, which had been hobbled with the stirrup leathers, and started afresh. Both were more silent than ever, and the dog, with his nose to the ground, led them slowly along the rocky lib of the mountain, ever going higher and higher. ' It is inconceivable,' said Sam, ' that the poor child can have come up here. There is Tnckerimbid close to our light, five thousand feet above the river. Don't you think we must be mistaken?' 'Tho dog disagrees with you,' said CeoiL ' He has something before him not very far off. Watch, him.' The trees had become dwarfed and scattered ; they mere getting out of the region of trees ; the real forest gone was now\\.below them, and they saw they were emerging towards a bald elevated down, and that a few hundred yards before them was a dead tree, on the highest branch of wb ich sat an eagle. 'The dog has stopped,' said Cecil — 'the end is near.' 'See,' said Sam, 'there is a handkerchief under the tree.' ' That is the boy himself,' said Cecil. They were up to him and off in a, moment There he lay, dead and stiff, one hand still grasping the flowers he had gathered on his last happy play-day, and the other laid as a pillow, Between the soft cold cheek and the rough cold stone. His midsummer holiday was over, his long journey was ended. He had found out at last what lay beyond the shining river he had watched so long. Both the young men knelt beside him for a moment in silence. They had found only what they had expected to find, and yet, now that they had found it. they were far more touched and softened than they could have thought possible. They stayed in silenoe a few moments, and then Cecil, lifting up his head, said suddenly — 'Sam Buckley! there can be no debate between us two, with this lying here between us. Let us speak now.' ' There has never been any debate, Cecil,' said he, ' andthereu-iver would be, though this little corpse was buried fathoms deep. It takes two to make a quarrel, Cecil, and I will not be one.' 'Sam,' said Cecil, 'I love Alice Brentwood better than all the world besides.' 'I know it.' '11-1 J--- l-.» I«' kiv, _ ..vll, ?_._„ It pnroiMa. as I do.' ' ' I know that too.' 'Why,' resumed Cecil hurriedly, 'has this come to pass ? Why has it been my unlucky destiny, that the man I love and honour above all others should become my rival ? Are there no other women in the world? Tell me, Sam, why is it forced on me to choose between my best friend and the woman I love dearer than life? Why has this terrible emergency come between us?' 'I will tell you why,' said Sam, speaking very quietly, as though fearing to awaken the dead ; ' to teach us to behave like uien of honour and gentlemen, though our hearts break. That is why, Cecil.' ' What shall we do ?' said Cecil. ' Easily answered,' said Sam. ' Let her decide for herself. It may be, mind you, that she will have neither of us. There has been one living in the house with her lately, far superior in every point to you or I. How if she thought fit to prefer him ?' ' Halbert.' 'Yes, Halbert! What more likely? Let you and I find out the truth, Cecil, like men, and abide by it. Let each one ask her in his turn, what chance he has ' 'Who first?' ' See here,' said Sam ; ' draw one of these pieces of grass out of my hand. If you draw the longest piece ask her at once. Will you abide by this?' He said ' Yes,' and drew— the longest piece. 'That is well,' said Sam. ' And now no more of this at present. I will sling this poor little fellow in my blanket, and carry him home to his mother. See Cecil, what is Rover at' Hover was on his hind legs against the tree, Bmelling at something. When they came to look, there was a wee little grey bear perched in the hollow of the tree. ' What a very strange place for a young bear !' said Cecil. 'Depend on it,' said Sajn, 'tbat the child had caught it from its dam, and brought it up here. Take it home with you, Cecil, and give it to Alice.' Cecil took the little thing home, and in time it grew to be between three and four feet high, a grandfather of bears. The magpie protested against his introduc tion to the establishment, and used to pluck biiifulls of hair from his stomach under pretence of lining a nest, which was never made. But in spite of this, the good gentle beast lived nigh as long as the magpie— long enough to b'e caressed by the waxen fingers of little children, who would afterwards gather round their father, and hear how the bear had been carried to the mountains in the bosom of the little boy who lost his way on the granite ranges, and went to heaven, in the year that the bushrangers came down. Sam carried the little corpse back in his blanket, and that evening helped the father to bury it by the river side. Under some fern trees they buried him, on a knoll which looked across the river, into the treacher ous beautiful forest which had lured him to his destruction. Alice was very sad for a day or two, and thought and talked much about this sad accident, but soon she recovered her spirits again. And it fell out that a bare week after this, the party being all out in one direction or another, that Cecil saw Alice alone in the garden, tending her flowers, and knew that the time was come for him tolceep his bargain with Sam and speak to her. He felt like a man who was being led to execution ; but screwed bis oourage to the highest point, and went down to where she was tying up a rose-tree. ' Miss Brentwood,' he said, ' I am come to petition for a flower.' ' You shall have a dozen, if you will,' she answered. ' Help yourself ; wSJ you have a peony or a sun-flower ? If you have not made up your mind, let me reoammend a good large yellow sun-flower.' Here was a pretty beginning t ' Miss Brentwood, don't laugh at me, but listen to me a moment. I love you above all earthly things besides. I worship the ground you walk on. I loved you from the first moment I saw you. I shall love you as well, ay, better, if that could be, on the day my heart ib still, and my band is cold for ever: can you tell me to hope? Don't drive me, by one hasty half considered word, to despair and misery for the rest of my life. Say only one syllable of encouragement, and I will bide your time for years and years.' Alioe was shocked and stunned. She saw bn was in earnest by his looks, and by his hurried, confused way of speaking. She feared she might have been to blame, and have encouraged him, in her thoughtlessness, more than she ought. ' I will make him angry with me,' she said to herself. 'I will treat him to ridi cule. It h the only chance, poor fellow!' 'Mr. Mayford,' she said, 'if I thought you were in jest, I should fell it necessary to tell my father and brother that you had been impertinent. I can only believe that y ou are in earnest, and I deeply regret that your personal vanity should have urged you to take such an unwarrantable liberty with a girl you have not yet known for ten days.' He turned and left her without a word, and she remained standing where she was, half inclined to cry, and wondering if she had acted right on the spur o the moment— sometimes half inclined to believe that ?he had been unladylike and rude. When a thing of j this kind takes plaoe, both parties generally put themselves in immediate correspondence with a confidant Miss Smith , tofctors into the apart ments of her dearest friend, and falls weeping on the sofa, while Jones rashes madly into Brown's rooms in the Temple, and ihying his best hat into the coal scuttle, announces that there is nothing now left for him but to drown the past in debauchery. Where upon Brown, if he is a good fellow, as all the Browns are, produces the whiskey and hears all about it. . So in the present instance two people weie informed, of what had taken place before they went to bed that ?light : aud those two were Jim and Doctor Hulhaus, Alice had stood where Cecil had left her, thinking, could she confide it to Sirs. Buckley, and ask for advice? But Mrs. Buckley had been a little cross to her that week for some reason, and so she was afraid ; and, not knowing anybody else well enough, began to cry. - There was a noise of horses feet just beyond the fence, and a voice'eatling to her to come. It was Jim, ani, drying; her eyes, she went out, aud he, dismount ing, put his arm round her waist and kissed her. ' Why. my beauty,' he said, ' who has been making ? you cry !' She put her head on his shoulder and began sob bing louder than ever. ' Cecil Mayford,' she aaid in a whisper. ' : ' Well, and what the d-1 has he been at ?' said Jim, in a rather startling tone. ' Wants to marry ine,' she answered, in a whisper, and hid her face in his coat. 'The deuce doubt he does,' said Jim; 'who does not? What did you tell him ?' ' I told him that I womiered at his audacity.' ' Sent him off with a flea in his car, in fact,' said Jim. ' Well, quite right. I suppose you would do the same for any man ?' ' Certainly I should,' she said, looking up. ' If Doctor Mulhaus, now, — eh ?'' 'I'd box 'his ears, Jim,' she said, laughing: 'I would indeed.' 'Or Sam Buckley; would you box his ears, if he were to — you know J' 'Yes,' she said. But there spread over her -face a sudden crimson blush, like the rosy arch which heralds the tropical sun, which made Jim laugh aloud. ' If you dare to Bay a word, Jim,' she said, 'I would never, never ? ' Poor Cecil had taken his horse asd had meant to ride home, but came back again at night, 'just,' he thought, ' to have one more look at her, before he entered on some line of life which would take him far away from Garoopna and its temptation.' The Doctor (who has been rather thrust aside lately n.tne midst of all this iove-inakiug and so on) saw that something had gone very wrong with Cecil, who was a great friend of his, and, as ho could never bear to see a man in distress without helping him, he encouraged Cecil to stroll down the garqen-with him, and then kindly and gently asked him what was wrong. Cecil told him all, from beginning to end, and added that life was over for bim, as far as all pleasure and excitement went ; and, in short, said what we have all fiaift nr hiul Haiti f.n uk' in nnr timfl. Rftpr A. (Trent disappointment in love ; which the Doctor took for exactly what it was worth, although poor little Cecilys distress was very keen ; and, remembering some old bygone day when he had suffered so himself, he cast about to find some comfort for him. ' You will get over this, my boy,' said he, ' if you would only believe it.' ' Never, never !'. said Cecil. ' Let me tell you' a story as we walk up and down. If it does not comfort you, it will amuse you. How street the orange bloom smells ! Listen : — Hod not the war broke out so suddenly, I should have been married, two months to a day, before the battle of Saarbruck. Catherine was a distant cousin, beauti ful and talented, about ten years my junior Before Heaven, sir, on the word of a gentle man, I never persecuted her with my addresses, and if either of them say I did, tell them from me, sir, tbat they lie, and I will prove it on their bodies. Bah ? I was forgetting. I, as head of the family, was her guardian, and, although my younger brother was nearer ' her age, I courted her, in all honour and humility pro posed to her, and was accepted with even more willing ness than most women condescend to show on such occasions, and received the hearty congratulation!! of my brother. Few women were ever loved better than I loved Catherine. Conoeive, Cecil, that I loved her as well as you love Miss Brentwood, and listen to what follows. ' The war-cloud burst so suddenly that, leaving my bride that was to be, to the care of my brother, and putting nun in enarge over my property, x flurried ott to join the Landsturm, two regiments of which I had put into a state of efficiency by niy sole exertions. 'You know partly what followed,— in one day an army of 150,000 men destroyed, the King in flight to Konigsberg, and Prussia became a province of France. 9' I flcd, wounded badly, desperate and penniless, from that field. I learnt from the peasants, that what I had thought to be merely a serious defeat was an irretrievable disaster ; and, in spite of wounds, hunger, and want of clothes,. I held on my way towards home. m 'The enemy were in possession of the country, so x liaa iiv biawi \ty xjjgnc aiouu, aua ueg irom sucu poor cottages as I dared to approach. Some times I got a night's rest, but generally lay abroad in the fields. But at length, after every sort of danger and hardship, I stood above the broad, sweeping Maine, and saw the towers of my own beloved castle across the river, perched as of old above the. vineyards, look ing protectingly down upon the little town which was clustered on the river bank below, and which owned me for its master. ' I crossed at dusk. I had to act with great caution, for I did not know whether the French were thero or not. I did not make myself known to the peasant who ferried me over, further than as one from the war, which my appearance was sufficient to prove. I landed just below a long high wall which separated the town from the river, and, ere I had time to decide what I should do first, a figure coming out of an archway caught me by the hand, and I recognised my own major-domo, my foster brother. ' 'I knew you would come back to me,' he said, ' if it was only as a pale ghost : though I never believed you dead, and have watched here for you night and day to stop you.' ' ' Are the French in my castle, then ?' ' ' There are worse than the French there,' he said ; 'worse than the devil Bonaparte himself. Treason, treachery, adultery !' ' ' Who has proved false?' I cried. ' ' Your brother ! False to his king, to his word, to yourself. He was in correspondence with the French for six months past, and, now that he believes you dead, he is living in sin with her who was to have been your wife,' ' I did not cry out or faint, or anything of .that sort. I only said, ' I'm going to the castle, Fritz,' and he came with me. My brother had turned him out of the house when he usurped my property, but by a still faithful domestic we were admitted, and I, knowing every seoret passage in my house, came shoeless from behind some arras, and stood before them as they sat at supper. I was a ghastly sight. I had not shaved for a fortnight, and my uniform hung in tatters from my body ; round myhead was the same bloody white hand keichief -with which I had bound up my head at Jena. I was deadly pale from hunger, too ; and from my entering so silently they believed they had seen a ghost. My brother rose, and stood, pale and horrified, and Catherine fell fainting on the floor. This was all my revenge, and ere my brother could speak, I was gone — away to England, where I had money in the funds, accompanied by my faithful Fritz, whom Mary Haw ker's father buried in Drumston churchyard. 'So in one day Host a brother, a mutress, a castle, a king, and a fatherland. I was a ruined, desperate man. And yet I lived to see old Blucher with his dirty boots on the silken sofas at the Tuileries, and to become as stout and merry a middle-aged man as any Prussian subject in her young majesty's dominions.' (TO BE COHTIMOED.) 