THE TREATMENT OF TIIE INSANE. ItJs now just twelve months sinco tbo public woro aroused by numerous letters ami leaders in tbo Press throughout tho colony on the treatment of the insane. Some of them might hare teemed with a littlo of tho mnrvollous. and admitting for the moment that they really did so, yet enough truth was left at the bottom of tbo bitter cup of lamented ills for sane minds to rcflept upon, which, gathering Itko a snow, ball as it rolls, culminated in the appointment of a Board of Enquiry. Its several members sat repeatedly, aud finally issued a long report showing that there was so much veracity in theso allegations made ngaiost the indivi- dual treatment of our insatio, and tho manage ment of our Asylum at Wogaroo,. that its medical superintendent was dtBmisFcd, its buildings altered and enlarged for tho suf fering inmates, and tho wholo establishment placed under different, and, let us hope, hotter management. It is not, however, with the institution nlludcd to wo hnvo now so much to do, as it is with tho treatment of tho iosano ouisido its precincts. The off-handod manner to which somo of our unfortunnto countrymen havo boon subjected, and the summary disposal of them by the accidental as well as at times tho intoutional intcrforcneo by interested rcla" lives and assumed friends, as well as a sort of semi-official meddling by ouo or two medical gentlemen, cap tho climax of their very in sufficient enquiry, and somotiracs, wo fear un founded vcrdlots. Itis now vory obvious, that on tho mere ' ipso dixit ' of one or two indivi duals, any one is liablo to ho arrested as a lunatic, put into a lock-up, and on tbo evi dence of two medical men, at onco dismissed, or posted off to Woogaroo. As wo remarked somo twelve months ago, whon 'writing on this subject, Melville's was a positive enso in point of such indecent treatment at the mcro caprtco of his wife, backed by tbo rccomtucn" dation of an amorous M.D. In our issuo of Wednesday, the ninotconth instant, appeared a statement from tho seaman Thomas Bur- routes, which, if lrue, savours much of a similar ease of hardship. Buhrowes most positively asserts that ho was confined nine, teen months in Woogaroo, "notwithstanding that ho was thoroughly sano, and not afflicted with mental or bodily ailmeut in any way." Wo further gathered from him, that ho was sent to that institution wholly on occount of his having written a letter whilo in tho lock, up at lloina, where ho was confined ou a charge of bogging for relief to allcvtato hunger, and that from thence ho was committed to Woo- garco without any medical testimony what- orcr having bccu tnkou on his uufortunato ease." Whon arrested lately at Clifton ou the chargo of being an escaped lunatic, be was workiog with a number of other roeo, and Mr Maiilay, superintendent of tho station, said that ho was one of tho best workmen ho hud engaged. Surely, if deranged, his brother workmen and Mr. Marlay must kavo do. tcclcd it. Wo are perfectly aware that many porsous afflicted willi the unfortunnto malady of insanity are not conscious of tho disease tlicy suffer under. Wo know that many vic tims to this dread enemy of man, even when suffering UDder its worst and most evident afflictions, aro frequently exclaiming against their incarceration, and protesting that they aro perfectly sane, and wo nro aware that in- sanity in its iucipiont stato is sometimes diffi cult to detect by strangers, even if they be legally qualified medical practitioners. With such facts before our eyes, aud with a know ledgo that somo of our fcllow-oreuturcs have been unnecessarily incarcerated, we ask in the narao of common justico for somo more compe tent tribunal than at present exists for dc. ciding ou tho sanity or insauity of our follow- subjccts, or who may bo supposed to be or really ore suffering from disorganised intellect in any shape. Wo think the law impotcut as it stands to treat with such subjects, for wo do uot believe, except in very plain and palpable cases iudcod, that one or two medical uicn, and especially if strangers, no matter how high their standing in their profession, should have tho power of. ordering a man's committal to a place tho most loathsomcofull to contemplate— an asylum. Insanity assumes so many dif ferent aspects, is provoked by such especial causes, aud, in somo instances, is of such ephemeral, form, and so readily assuaged by tbo uiild aud compassionato tactics of a rela tive or a friond, that wo most decidedly protest ogainst tho prcsont barbarous system of ar resting any patient by thrusting his hands into a pair of handcuffs and iinmcdiatoly afterwards immuring his body in a lock-up or a gaol. Mis forctblo arrest by a policeman armed with all tho terrors of tho law, ond his hasty restraint, aro processes too insulting to bo calmly with stood by the most sane at aiiy time, oven when a man is conscious of such merited doom; but how heavy a punishment it must be to bear by ono iuooccut of any crime, and uoconscious of any causo fur it. We most sincerely hope that tho attention of tho Legislature will bo given to this serious subject, for tho prcsont alarming inorcaso of' insanity amongst us demands it, and certainly needs some activo measure to appcaso rather than to provoko it. We trust that with as littlo delay os possible an Aot will be passed constituting a Board of Enquiry on Lunacy, composed of a medical man as choir- man, and two or three of our most experienced polico magistrates or justices of tho peace, who will sit in open court to avail of every evi dence that can bo brought forward for and agniost any fcllow-eroaturo assumed to be suffering under aborration of intollcct. In modern European and American asylums tbo use of tbo straight jacket, confinement in the strong room, and other old-fashioned barbari ties practised by our forofathors, havo given pjaoe to more philanthropic aud klndor treat ment, with tho most bcncfioial results. Beforo patients are doomed to enter an asylum, let us liopo florae better remedy will bo found for them than arrest by a policeman, on iron vice for tho bands, a straight-jacket for tho arms, ond n strctchor in a dismal col), amid tho din of drunkards and an atmosphere impregnated with tho vicious breaths of pickpockets, burglars and cut-throats, whoso forced prosoncc is enough to tarn tho brain of any man of weak intellect, or in luoid moments to drive tho madmau madder. Tun weather has been rather disngrccablo in Toowoomba for the gentlemen of tho long robo and others who have, either from necessity or choice, comein to attend tho Supremo Court during tho present sittings — a steady rain having set in on Saturday nftornoon, which oontinuod, with slight intermission, up to lost evening, when it held up, though tho clouds still continued to present a watery nppoarance. Our thoroughfares present a very uninviting appearance, especially to our Brisbancfricnda, tho streets they aro intho habit of traversing being so much better macadamised than our own. " 4 Jeames tit exechts,' it appears, is not unknown in Toowoomba. The Chronicle of yesterday, in its critique of acoucert recently given in that town, thus speaks of one of the lady singers 1 ' Mrs. Bloom appeared in a well-fitting, neatly trimmed drab dress, which set' off her Juno-liko figure and countenance to perfection, and she really looked superb, nod, wo might add, regal, in dignity 1' Ilns Mrs. Bloom no husband or brother who knows how to handlo a riding-switch?"— Queensland Times of Thursday last. Tho remarks made by us were in no degree disrespectful, or intended to be, but quite tho reverse. Tho insinuation contained iu tho above paragraph is totally uncalled for, and must have been written solely from n spirit of mis chief nod love of dissension. If any one deserves a horse-whipping it is tliucditor of tho Queensland Times for placing so false a construction thereon. However, iP does not much matter, for, although the editor of tho Queensland Times is an able writer, ho is known to bo quito as unscrupulous as he is able, as a large number of his fellow-towns men can testify, and as was plainly proved by his chango of tactics towards Sir. Mncnlistcr, who, somo few years since, ho continually bespattered wi:h praise, until conceiving that his sorviccs were uot sufficiently appreciated and rewarded, ho turned round and became that gootlcman's most bitter enemy; At the farmer's dinner, held at Mr. Bugden's Criterion Hotel, Warwick, on tho 27th ultimo, after the Eastern Downs Agricultural and Horti cultural Exhibition, Mr. Davenport is reported by the Examiner and Times to havo said that ho wished to propose a toast, of which ho was re minded by a newspaper which had just been pnt in his hands. They had all met to benefit their respective callings. They had in tho room tho representation of a now industry, until lately un heard of ; and lie saw by the reports in tho news papers that, at tho late Show bold in Tcowoombn, special attention had bccu drawn to Perkins beer. Ilo (the speaker) was not a heavy beer drinker ; still he must sav that ho liked a glass of beer, and Perkins' beer was very good. It would consume ami utilize products of the soil in tho district, and save a largo amount of money which now went home and to Sydney. This subject was brought before them by tho press. It bad great power, and he hoped that, in common with associations of this kind, it would havo but ono object— tho com mon weal, lie would, therefore, propose 44 Tho Press." Mr. Cowton, ono of tho proprietors of the Examiner and Times, iu responding, said, " he could assure them thnt, as far as tho portion of the press which he represented was couccrncd, 'they hud always bad tho best intentions; and it would be their object to watch over and assist in tho de. vcloptncnt of every new industry, not ouly for this district, but for tho whole colony." In a Georgia mule case recently, 38 witnesses were called to prove ownership, of whom 21 swore poiut blauk ou ooo side and 17 ou tbo other. A Miner Spiritist.— A queer story is told in the Pleasant Greek ' News' by a writer whoso character for integrity and veracity is well attested. Ilo has been for soum tiino rosidiug in New Zealand, and says — I havo saved a claim hero at tbo Thames through a untiil. i«nnimtinii>fitiAti. Til hiwl linun nnnWtml and was liable to be jumped, when I was told by spirit-writing that six mou were comiDg at nine o'clock tho next morning on to tho claim to jump tho ground, with other particulars of their programme. I was tbcro with tho men I got, just in tho nick of timo to fnvo tho claim. Tho jumpers came exactly ut tbo timo I was told they would do, and tbey saw at onco they wcro completely checkmated, and looked sheepishly disappointed and as white us ghosts when tboy saw wo were too rnuuy and too strong to bo bounced by them. You sec ' by this I am a spiritist. — 'Syduoy Morning Herald.' NOMINATION OF ALDERMEN FOR 1870. Tho annual nomination of Aldermen took place yesterday at tho Town Hall. In spite of the in- cleinoncy of tho weather, and tho counter attrac tion of the Assizes, there was a very large at tendance, and much excitement prevailed amongst candidates nod their supporters. His Worship tho Mayor, in a few appropriate remarks, opened the- proceedings of tho mooting precisely nt noon. Tho following nro tho nominations Central Ward— Mr. W. II, Groom' and Mr. II, Spiro. North Ward— Mr. R. J. Barry, Mr. J. Ar Phillips, Mr. 11. Godscll, and Mr. Alexander Mor rison. South Ward — Mr. D. Grigg, Mr. J. Fnrquhnr- son, and Mr. E. W. Pcchcy. Auditors— Tbo only candidate proposed was Mr. P. K. ICent, who aftorn short hut stormy dis cussion, and the reading of tho clause of tho Act referring to tho matter, waa declared by the Mayor duly elected. His Worship then remarked that bo had no doubt' nil the enndidntes proposod were very good men, nnd he hoped tho election now so closo nt hand would bo carried on with all fairness, No doubt ovury candidate was bound toMo bis best to get returned, but ho trusted, although some littlo ' personal feeling could not ho avoided in such cases, too much asperity would not ho displayed amongst them or their supporters. He could but notice that, while other municipalities had gouo into debt, ours, when the Government endowment came in, would show a balance of £100 to its credit (cheers). He felt that ho was quite justified in taking any part in tho election thnt he thought proper, towards any canditato within tho duties of his office as Mayor. Alderman Grioo then enmo forward and denied tho numerous rumours put about to damage him in the eyes of tho electors. Alderman Hooper and others had tried it before nnd had miserably failed. Ilolnd attended thirty-threo times at tho Council during the past year, and maintained without of contradiction that South Ward had now had its fair share of improvements (cheers). Mr. 13. W. Pkbciiey next roso, and in a very curt speech, declared, if elected, ho would do his duty, uot only to tho ward that returned him, but to every ward. Mr. James Farquharson next roso, and re marked that the two gentlemen wbo had just pre ceded him had tho advnntngo of being in office be fore, and lie had not. Ho would not pretend to tho eloquence of a public speaker, nor to have such nn intimate knowledge of municipal matters as- the gentlomen who had hold ofiico before; Stilly ho must deny that all the wards had had nn equal share of improvements (hear, hear). If returned,' ho would do his duty openly aud straightforwardly . to all of them. (Cheers and cries of " Bravo ") Alderman Groom denied tho numerous rumours raised against him on his running up tho price of. tho land bought by tho Rev. Father Dunn for tho uso of tho Catholic chapel, nnd also thnt bo had tried to removo the Town Hall to Ruthven-slrect. As to Mr. Ilnoper, ho was a puny infant, with not four ideas of his own, and yot ho was trying to . oppose him (Alderman Groom) and make himself dictator to tho town. lie (tho sneakcj) was quite satisfied to leave his return in tho hands of tho ratepayers, for all of them knew what Toowoomba; was a fow years ago, when ho and others formed it into a municipality, with only tho trilling sum to start with of £200. Ho thought the Mayor's statement of a bahmco of £100 in hand a very mcagro ono indeed, and wonld advocate tho raisiug . of a loan to go on with municipal improvements, a id innko tho town present n respectable nppear- nnco, nnd in tho moantimo find employment fi r tho peopled (Hear, and cheers.) Ho did not boliovo in any aldermen being fixtures, but beforo thoy were supplanted it should bo seen thnt better men could fill their places, and if not, old officers of tho Council should bo supported in preference to now aspirants. Mr. Grooin proceeded with lengthened romnrks on tho progress of Warwick,. Rocklmmpton, nnd other municipalities, but which having beforo been reported at Intc Council meet ings, aro hero unnecessary to repent. Mr. Si'jfto, on rising, was well received. Uo said ho would not boast of tho 1'loquenco and ex perience of Mr. Groom, for ho was a mucli younger man. Still ho thought ho had quite brains enough for a seat in tbo Council, to which, if returned, ho would do his duty. (Cheer.) Ho would not thcro wnsto tho electors timo in contradicting Mr- Groom about tho bidding for land against tho Rev. Father Dunn, but ho repeated he believed lie could prove It in spito of n letter Mr. Groom lmd boasted of. Ho would equally prove that Mr. Groom had said ho relied upon the low Irish and' tho low Germans. Ilo denied intoto Mr. Groom's, assertions that ho (tho speaker) came out under the aid of any clique, and ho dared him also to deny tho fact that he had tried to remove tho Town Ilall and the Hospital. Ilo (Mr. Spiro) was not tho rich but the poor man's fricud, nnd as to Mr. Groom's assertion of nabobs in Rutlivcn- strect supporting him (Mr. Spiro) where wcro they ? If returned, ho would do his duty to every, man. Alderman TIooper stated in answer to Mr. Groom, thnt tho latter had twice or three times - asked him to join in getting the Towu Hall re movod to Rutlivcn- strcet. (Commotion ) Alderman Groom agniu denied tho statement. . Alderman Godsai.l said ho would he very brief, and simply call attention to the fact that many electors voted who did not pay their rates. Ilo would thank no defaulter to vote for him, Tho reason why ho (Alderman GodsuU) did not voto at the last election was that his own rates were uot paid at tho time. For his part ho thought it would be a good job if elections came every six months, for it was surprising how they pulled up the rates. (Laughter.) If elected ho would pro mise electors he would do his duty towards them as heretofore. Alderman Woods, oh behalf of Alderman Barry, absent at tho Assizes, had much pleasure iti ad. mitting that ho liad sat by his (Alderman God sail's) side for scvoral months, and thought both wcro 6Uch good mentbat thoy ought to be re-elected. As to Mr. Groom's remarks about the Catholics and Germans, thoy were much out of placo; and as to tho bidding for tbo land in opposition to tho Revd, Father Dunne, thcro was a person present in tho Council Chamber who could provo it. (Mr. Grooin — " I deny it.") Alderman Woods was sorry to sco Alderman. Groom always thinking so much of bis own opinions and so tittle of other people's. Ho must always he first in everything, as in tho Agricultural and Horticultural Society— wheu he tried to be tho Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer, and Committee, and all. lie (Alder man Woods) had given £1 for a prize for sherry wine, but Mr. Groom liad not advertised it. In conclusion, ho would again recommend Mr. Barry and Mr. Godsall as the best candidates to bo found in the town for North Ward. Mr. Srino proposed, and Mr. Giuac seconded, a vote of thanks to the Mayor, who replied to tho compliment, and concluded a speech full of sensible remarks on the stability of tho Council— the folly of contracting largo loans, aud his deter mination to do bis duty impartially as Returning Officer. On a recont trip of one of tho Illinois packets— a light draught one, as there wcro only two feet of water in the channel — the passengers were started hv a cry of 44 Man overboard !" The steamer was stopped, and preparations woro made to save him, when he was heard exclaiming, 44 Go ahead with your darned old steamboat I I'll walk behind you." A New Religious Test, — A clergyman went to an hotel to order a dinner for a number of clerical friends. 41 May I ask, sir," demanded the waiter gravely, whether the party is High Church or Low Church?"' 44 Now, what on earth," cried tho clergyman, 44 do my friends' opinions matter to you 44 A great deal, sir," rejoined tho waiter, 44 if High Church I must provide more wine; if ' Low Ciiurcb, more willies." 