ORANGE NATIONALITY. t ? -d ? ^_; v ? : 'SgM and token* roandu* thicken.' The uauonai jKbttmeob grows aad sjwoad* with .- rapidity unexampled in* the history ot national - progress since Eighty-two, From the closet of the profound thinker who has reasoned himself—' out of ibis prejudice to admit that Protestant Ireland owes a debt of reparation to the nation, . : to tho cabin of the Northern peasant whose in- ' stinct toftohoH him that blind fealty to England has made him tho slave of a tradition, and con verted jhitn into an enemy of the land that bore .,/ him, tho soul of tho people is stirred with the national idea. Tho mind of the nation is being marshalled and tho spirit swaying the popular ' intelligence is 'grand as an army with bannerfs.' Amongst the. most hopeful signs ; is the feeling springing up.amidat the Orangemen, of the) North . Disavowing the anti-national sentimjent which made them at the same time : ? fchebaie and the sorrow of Ireland, they come; out frc m the temple of hatred where they had worshipped the Goddess of Discord, and approach ?' the national citadel where the genius of Ireland awaits to welcome them; ; The new Coercion ^ Act ha a roused them to a sense of their own po sition and the perfidy of 'the party and the na- ' tion tc which they had blindly attached them- = Belyes. The ' Apprentice - Boys' of1 Derry : and the M onaghan Orangemen have sounded the ; reveille which, it is to be^ hoped, will rouse the whole of the North to array itself1 under the national banner. J. A Whig contemporary, wail, yv ing ovjer the change, tells us that the ' Appren tice Boys' not ' only, intend to set at defiriance every llaw which the Houses of Parliament and -- the Queen's Majesty may enaotfor the suppres sion ot party displays; in Ireland— but further, ( that it is their purpoae to. call upon her Majesty's loyal subjects of. all' classes to aid them in an organised struggle against the conjoint authority '? df Queen Victoria and the Imperial Parliament of the^e realms/' The text of their own resolu tion adopted on Wednesday week, Governor ' John {Guy Ferguson presiding, will show the ground of the alarm taken by our Northern con temporary. The declaration vis eertaialy one of a very remarkable character :— . . (? Resolved — That having read the enactments ;?;?/ df a certain. Bill entitled — ' A Bill to amend the the Party Processions (Ireland) Act,' now in- ' troduced in the English Parliament by the Chief '??? Secretary and the So'ioitor General for Ireland, we, aa Irishmen, and inhabitants of a free - ' /; country, whilst refusing to petition Parliament ' ?? regarding it, do declare that should this un constitutional and despotic instrument become , what 'ia termed Liw, we will, to the utmost of our ability, and by every legitimate . means in ; in our power, ; resist the enforcement of its r enactments ; and we call on our fellowcountry men of all denominations to aid and assist us in ; ' so doing. We alao pledge ourselves to support,' '? - in like manner, all who feel it to be a national duty to resist this most uncalled for and in- * :!l'- ' iquitoua attempt to deprive this nation of the :r ? A right 'of public meeting; freedom of speech, and - j . /? the; liberty of the subject, and which also seeks to overthrow the Civil Tribunals of the King dom, J that a military despotism (under the dictatorship of the Lord Lieutenant for the time being) may be established in its stead. - -v The declaration adopted by the Orangemen of r ? Monaghan assembled at Newbliss, en June 30th, ' ,\ is a still more outspoken pronouncement, and has more: of the really national ring in it. There ' was, we are told, a, large attendance on the oc casion, 'representing probably a thousand. bona Remembers of the institution.' The resolution was in the following terms :— : ? '?' That we Orangemen of the district of Dartrey, ; county Monaghan. denounced the despotic Pro- / cessions Act of Mr. Chicheater Fortescue as in tolerable, inconsistent with the rights of free- '-' men,' and one to which we never shall submit, . i; A. and that this, aided to other innumerable acts of injustice and wrong towards Ireland, forces upon ,., us the conviction that Eagland can no longer be ; J permitted to legislate for this country. And ''-''? we hereby proclaim our reBolve that Irishmen ?. shall not be slaves in their own land, and we call upon all classes of our countrymen to assist us by every legal means to assert our freedom. ? We also respectfully press upon the authorities of the Orange Institution in the Grand Lodge of Ireland the necessity of restoring our book of. L rules and regulations to what it was before 1849, tnd keep only its original and fundamental ob jects in view* V ? , Vi In 1849 the Orange Institution pledged itself - '« to the maintenance of the English connexion, - and now the Monaghan Orangemen request that ' in their code of rules and regulations that pledge - shall no longer be included . Should the Orange ; '; Institution adopt the suggestion, the fact would j' be moat hopeful for the future of our country. '! It is at all events satisfactory to Bee the begin- '?'? ning of so patriotic a' spirit among the members - of the Orange society.. It ia aa yet but 'a little ? ? leaven,' but, with God's blesBing, it may in a * brief time ' leaven the whole lmnp '— Nation. *ri ? ? ? ' . . ? i'i It iB pleasant to see the editorial rats paddling , away from that foundering hulk, the Chronicle. Laffan pricked his ears — he has uumistakeable ..? ears— and took the water like a duck some weeks | ago. Now Bowman has taken the final plunge ! ' ' and is making for the wharf, aa if the devil wee - after him- as he really is. Tommy Newcomb is ? resting his little fore paws upon the rail, expand ing his nostrils and contemplating a leap for life. I tie will probably drown, upon which he is to be .~m congratulated, for the others will Btarre— Ibid. ., To be identified by the ghost of the woman ; whose younger sister you have married is toler- - ably terrible ; to be shows by the sexton int0 Li the pew of the man whom you have swindled is ? ': satisfactorily embarrassing; t- roll in drunk, -i *nd then discover by the ghastly light of th* t moon that you have despoiled your father, i* -{ con tacive toserlous meditation ; to catch cold it ?- ' the nose by saving an ugly woman from dror-'r^ itng, and fcheflhave hep swear she is youra, U' '»-? «»lmly dlflguating ? but to~wo had thought v* ; ottld instance ftomothiug that would make ali '' trivia thing« appear insignificant1 annoyances by ^ ornpamon, bat that lm*t aff*ir rather pits u«. Wj* give it op, -~8-m, Brvmcwco Newt Ltttir. ' ???-. i ?.;???..?. : ;..?;..:-- 