AUtRIVAL OF THE' . ENGLISH MAIL (From t1 Hcraldlia Eing Georcge' Soiii eTl. grayhino aelrespnIIdeot,) THiE UNITED, KINGDOMt. TMooni.tian n tIlousamnd poor persoons worn ro. liovud by her Maojsty, at theo Alnonry fice, Sontlind yr.rd,-Th'Ibo entro napltnl ofthu omn: pny organlisod to oinnet Aiatmrlio with Sinpore by st mn o telolugraph inasrbeon rly RbO s lOd, nlt ihbo anbio is oxpnoteld. to b ompletnlotly Inld in tihe onorso of tie yonear 1871,--Tho ololnil queostion coiltinuos to be ngitatod,. !TIh colonists itii England: formeod a dpntattion to ENarl (rniovillo,wo objectedolto the prioposed Onlforonooo .e uselosO, findnaot. agronble oven to tihe colonints thomnseaeio,' Unableo to ronllo. tie objeoots einight, the 'oiiloniat' ii Loioiion, 'litonsoly 1l die. 'ntinaafld, proponod dntnbibllih"ior No" tlanlo.nod UOnlinol"'Logijo, loi'tllwlitht •TiionOhtrlitmna wotnt or whis "nrS'movero, nod grant fldodi boonrred in 'nnrlooa liarta oftiio Klngdoi.--The Government nae exihlbillig i flll dntormlination to repros illn thie noat vi. gO'O imalllier, nib ol demonstrations, of Fonilan. Isn, I1! Irland, tlhnrohn av bolii noverini at. tonpts at asnsaslinatnioll; andl tlro Ipoloinon have boon sbhot ii LImiorlak.-BY this mainll stneamnur to Austrnlia "' Obnrl 't'oim Thmbi'ii" and hIi trolpo will arrive,--ighteooi pooplo nhave boon orushid to deatih iI the Brlstol Tbontro; owing to a' pani orontetl Idy i alnarm of firo --Tho Aroiblhoitop of 0alntor'bory rei oovorod fiom Iis late aoroins Illnoessa, nld is now oovalnoRuent,--ThIIo proprintorn of thi gjrorling Tinlq, nnowspaper, lnhave hoon aon tenodd to a fine of £100,andlthrimo monthll it. Iprisonmnnt, for a llhul ant Sir Jooseph lawley, in oenlllnotlon with . rnling manttersa, In a spcooh delivered 1 iat. ngh , Dl linhi', Jolhn Briighlt otated that the dlilobltloi nt., runndiig the Iiish Limd qtnstion appetnreo t Iloroaoa upon nnexm?inOtiont, 'hit tit heit still hopeld for n antisfoltory snlutloln -Gonornal Sir Dou noy Elns is dauli,-Slr WVllininm Snilla. flotl is to remaino another yeaor in onIlmlal (of thie Itditan rmiy, It is xpnoated thant In will hu aootind b.i1h' I SHopu oralnt, Its Ilmhnh. Ilo that Lrd lNior will be alppoinntud to fll uono lmprinrhi not lit Oliluotlotll wilthbuo Idian Omice, in Lonlon.-Arrangemennts are! being nmade folr a puiblic lile of stenamers be. tweoun Iotnbay and Triesto, via thiu Sncz Canal, whcleli nppears likely to chsnigo thI clnracter of tle tradu to tIlhe East, which will now hle carried on by slomiers. Mlaoch of it will go direct to varihols SoutelIrn Earopeno poI to ilatoned of to Edigland.-l'nParllaient ihas been s;nummnnnced to meet on 8th Feblruary.--Canbinet Conncils havobuen, very frequant Enl Derby wailed on MIr. Disraeli at Ilypendon; the leandership of the Cioiservantive is still ulnset tied. .FRANCE. Msi. Tallerman lhas had an interview with time Einiltr.n' Napoleon, reilativu to the extension of his Australian itieat dtllllero to l?rtIrCe. 'Phi IEmplress Engeuio has cneased to ttino part in lrench pIolitics in nonseq aenco ofr the loud ly.exprussed disseallimntioli of the peiltol at Iher interloferonce.-A very ulnilunenmt aft mir hia callsod grleat excitoment in Pa'min. Prince Pierre Ulnonaprto challacged Henri Do Rochlefort for attnokliig hiln in hisi journal IThe ~arseillaise l. . Nor, a joarnalist, nlt fiientl of Rocle:forto, waited uii thei Prilieic to arrange prelliniaries! fori hostile ileectimg, A qoarrel arolse and Noir assaoolted theu Prilie, who took out a pistol nlid shot him dead. ,l. Olliviler, with Iti allproval of the Elmperor. arrested thie I'imme, andl caused hIlim to bie iml prisnelud at IMaglla. lie will Ihe tried Iefore tle ligllh Court of Justico. Iltense exchte inllit prevailcdl at Nuoir'sa funerani, and imanlielle crowlds paraided thie streets lin the eveiinlg, singing tihe "Mnrseillnitne." They pelted tim P'ritlnoe, lit no serlIouiI breachi of order occurred. lrocheflort's palper has hueion seizedt, andl tile Olaimnliobur of l)opiiltios ntithoriseid Ilin to bie preoseilted foir exclltig tihe peopnlle to revolt. Ithloufort inadlle a violnt spoecti iui the Chain. bher, ldemnanding that P'rinee ltPierr shuihtl lie triled iefore thie ordinary tribunal. Ollivier defoended the proceedings of the Governmieinit os onflormablo to lawr. li regretted tihe pub lic excltomontt lwhich had arisetn, and stated his intention to defend the lanw by force if nce ry. ITALY. Santa Maurn has bleen totally dostroyed by an earthqunlako.-Ttho (Enialnenlinal Council opeuoiied on tile 8th, amlidst gloom, rain, boo:nmig of cainon, ald iRlinallig of the bells of 300 chirches. 800 cclesiastics woere li'enolit, onlid thlousands of spectators. TIs ordur ol service was miess, thie Inugural discourse by the Archbishopl of Iconium, thie 'nPapal bioneiletioni, the hiomago of mnemhers of tile Conilllcl to tihe Polpe, and to thie lHoly Ghost; aniid a To Dotil;i nibso qilont silttings were with closed doors. Al. ready there are oreports of dissonsion anid ihltri. guus amongst thle lathers, and a stroag oPloi. sition of Frenchl, German, and Ameriean hishlops to tihe dognma of iinfillihilty, but sub. tlie measurne are tlaken by thie Pope and Ihis Jeopalt dvlsors to stifln dionssiion by remiit. ting obnoxioos subljet to safe colmllitteos. Tha Bull communicated at thie seond miooting has oconasionod surprise and indigllnation. If the infnlllthility projoolt is Inaisted oni a great dlsraptulin is probiabl. T'ie Coeneil i exIpeo. ted to sit for six iilonhs.-- T'lte Frinlleli nmn Insandor lian n warlled thIe Plopo of tile plrobblo nonseqaences of Ils high.halln nded pronedinlgs. -Oneo Cardlial is dend.--It is conljectured tlhat CardinalMannin g will bie the niext Pope. AM]ERIIA. Thie President's mesagoe, alluding to the Alabnama nal'airs hlolds ]Eugland guilty of enormous wronge to Anmcrica by ouir unfriondlilncss; lie would insist oln an ipeology besides heavy damages. ]inrther diplomntio correspondence on the subiject hls been publishedt. Noegotialions whliei rcsulmed must be conducted at WYashinigton, anitild avoid the blandishmelntst of Eingllish sonioty. TLlie present Anmerican Minlistors afforld smanll hloles of a poeedy settleinlmnt. A publio ftieloral has been nuthlorised for AIr. Peabody's romainia.--Tlio 1ouso audoplotedl a resolution nginnst replidiatlion y 123 ngainsat 1.-Tile world's lhir at \nWshington takens placo in 1870.-The Isthlmns of Darien canal projoeet is ro. vived.--T'ho Feonians are proparing a hIostile expedition against atlnda, and aon inflammatory manifaesto is circulated thrlough Irelannd,--Thlo Cuban insurrection is dlying out. 