TKAINHTG NOTES. Br A TODT. The weather this week has been sadly against horses in training, consequently I am as much in the dark as ever as to which is the mysterious outsider that, on the 3rd of' next month, Mr. Fisher will declare the winner of the Melbourne Cup of 1870. Still, in spite of the wet and the heavy state of the ground, the bulk of the horses which are going to take part in the spring meeting are so backward in condition, that trainers nave been compelled to shove them along and risk break downs. If the weather continues. | much longer in its present unsettled state, then that the Cup will go to Sydney again is a moral certainty; but fine weather for the i next fortnight would make all the difference, 1 By-the-bjo my tip for theHunt Club was not 1 such a bad one after alL Clansman made a very good fight with Narcisse for the Cup; i and, although Union finished a long way behind for the National yet he was ridden so j badly and pulled and mauled about till : the last half mile, that it is quite on the cards lie might have prevented ; Reindeer scoring such an easy win had i he been steered anything like decently, j On Saturday 1 visited neither Fiemington nor : the park, as I considered that the races would give me quite enough galloping for ' one day ; but this week I have been most assiduout in my attendance at either or both. With regard to the hones in the | park, the only noticeable feature this week was -the appearance of Morrison's string on Monday, and Mr. Dowling's lot on Tuesday. From present indications I judge that | little Blond in will give a goSd account of himself in all the races he is entered for; he I looks healthy and well, and goes with great freedom. If it was not for Keepsake's fore- i legs, I would like her much, .but she is the smallest boned animal below the knee I think l ever saw. She moves well, however, and although rather short of work, will make I it hot for the Sydney cracks in the Derby, i Mr. bowling's lot did not go out of a walk 1 so far as I am* aware, but they appear to be in very fair condition, and with very favourable weather may yet come to the post-, for the Cup in the acme of the CauLfield stable condition. The work done at Fiemington on Monday and Tuesday did hot throw much lighton theshbjectof my peregrinations, although on the latter day the Beechworth horse, Valentine, went one of the best gallops I have yet seen, and I have a very strong penchant for him as an outsider,, which would be stronger still could the laa who'gives Mm his wotk ride, but he can't, 1 and it requires a good jock to steer a horse to victory .amongst such a crowd as will contest the Cup. The same day Mr. Tait's string did good work, ]t>ut I am not favourably impressed with' $he chances any of them have in the greater events, although possibly they may fther a few crumbs. Florence's lameness don't take into much account, as it was most probably caused by a slight wrench in the folding ground. Pyrrhus goes with great determination, but to my thinking he is far frorri being a great colt; and mth the ezcep tion of Mr. Town's Amethyst filly and Eu« deavour, I think the three-year-olds which will .show up this season are but a poor lot. On Wednesday 1 left the horses in the park to take care of themselves, and betook my self to Fiemington, where I arrived shortly before 5 o'clock, just in time to see ftawden and Sic John do a good canter round the tan. finifl)iing .))p half a mile at a good pace. Sir John looks very well indeed, and, if he keeps improving, will be very handy at the finish' for the Cup, but 1 have no great fancy for his companion. The condition of both, however, is good, and there was very , little, blow about them when they pulled up. Palmers-. ton 'then led a colt of Waldock's a smart cantfer; The big bollock, as he was once called, is even now in better condition than ever&e; has yet appeared in oh a racecourse, and frfrenhe returned to the sheds there was not a puff about him, and in spite of his leportetl die&aing; down, by The Monk, he is the only rank outsider which I have yet seen ' that lias a ghost of a show, for I have watched him before, and know what he can do, if he -only chooses to try. Be has had more time .allowed him tills year than he ever had before^ and if Walaock does not overshoot the ni&rk;, will beat a gnat many more than beat him. I only Wish I had' the mount in the Corinthian, in spite of the cracks which have this year entered for it. Hunts man and Wisdom abo had a turn or two round the tin. The former doeSnot improve on farther acquaintance, and after Tuesday's cerfonmanoe I am inclined to think that Valentine holds him aa safe as a church. The most interesting affair of the morning was .doubtless thecanterrof Sir William with the Amethyst filly. Theywere letoat twice for half a mile on thebwtportion of the tan, ana it wui tOes up which went the best. The ?filly, t» my thinking, im out-and«oat the best iiijF^^^(^LxIonSSSi^and liL* sttfle: " action . very taking. Old* Tim" had * .quirt canterfoturtimes round, and *ppeared a>< young and asfreih as a candidate lor Darby Hsr*-" ttmd audi 'WithU himi it W .-. __ .. , fpst thfe frfc" ?<s l>B flrft fl n.mWa < frill nirrtftntft* i «iexk,r' !lVurtiMh,s < «Fio l/ebaaoedoes not; a we a* pwmfcjwwo wiawh it way ^ - g and as fresh as a candidate iorJDi HHflSigl iSSSS.HS SBM&T; T... .. .HSBSi wm on the # -ibi. . teidit. ^o4a<now>;Con» tafoShrding'a j till 9; o'clbck to see if Lang's striug would show up, which they did not, and as I had to be back in town, I had to do without a look at the great Glencoe, who, I am credibly in formed, has never yet stack up iu his work this season. The Eiweadon Stakes will tell a tale. Neither Mr. Winch's nor Mr. Lee's horses were out, so I have nothing to say as to them, and the best of the Cap favourites which I have yet seen are Tim WhifRer, Sir William, ana Trump Card ; of the out siders, Palmerston, Valentine, and Free trader. 