THE NOVELIST. i SOME CHAPTERS FROM THE RECOLLECTIONS OF GEOFFRY HAMLYN. So Sam kopi to his resolution of finding out whether orno Alico was likely tu prefer Cecil to him. And, for all his watching and puzzling, ho couldn't. Ho had nover confided ono word of ail this to his mother', and ' yet sho know it all as well as kc. Meanwhile, Cecil waa quite changed. He almost hated Sam, and seldom spoke to him, and at the same timo hated himself for it. He grow pale, too, and never could be persuaded to join any sport whatever ; whilo Sam, being contont to reeeivo only a few words in the day from My Lady, worked harder than over, both in the yards and riding. All day ho and Jim would be working like horses, with Halbert for their constant companion, and, half an hour before dinner, would run whooping down to tho river for their bathe, and then come in clean, happy, hungry-so full of lifo and youth, that in theso sad days of deficient grinders, indigestion, and liver, I can hardly realize that once I myself was as full of blood and as active and hearty as any of them. llUy UL UlOltli There was much to do the week that Alice and San had their little tiff. Tho Captain was getting in tin * " scrubbers," cattle which had been left, under the noi vory careful rule of the Donovans, to run wild in tin mountains. Thcs<j boastB had now to bo got in, and put through such processes as cattle ai o born tt undergo. Tho Captain and tho Major were both fullj stiff for working in the yards, but their places were well supplied by Sam and Jim. The two fathers, with the assistance of tho stockman, and sometimes of the sons, used to get thom into the yards, and then thc two young men would go to work in a stylo I have never seen surpassed by any two of tho samo age. Hal bert would soinotimes go into the yard and assist, or rather hinder ; but ho had to give up just when he was boginning to bo of somo use, as tho exertion was too violent for an old wound he had. Meanwhile Cecil despised all theso things, and, though a capital hand among cattlo, was now grown completely effeminate, hanging about tho houso all day, making, in fact, " rather a fool of himself about that girl," as Halbert thought, and thought, besides, "What a confounded fool she will make of herself if she takes that little dandy !-not that he isn't a very gentlemanlike little follow, but that Sam is worth five hundred of him." One day, it so happened, that every ono was out,but Cecil and Alice ; and Alico, who had been listening to the noises at the stock-yard a long while, suddenly proposed to go there. " I have never been," she said j " I should so like to go ! I know I am not allowed, but you need not betray me, and I am sure tho others won't. I should so like to seo what they are about !" "I assure you, Miss Brentwood, that it is not a fit placo for a lady." "Whynot?" Cecil blushed scarlet. If women only knew what awkward questions they ask sometimes ! In this instance he made an ass of himself, for he hesitated and stammered. " Gome along !" said slie ; " you are going to say that it is dangerous-(nothing was further from his thoughts) ; I must learn to face a little danger, you know. Come along." "I am afraid," said Cecil, "that Jim will he very angry with mo -," which wa3 undoubtedly very likely. "Never mind Jim," she said : " como along." So they went, and in tho rush and confusion of th( ' beasts' feot got to tho yard unnoitcod. Sam nnd Jim wero inside, and Halbert was perched iij>on tho rails ; she came closo behind him and peeped through. She was frightened. Closo beforo hor was Sam, hat less, ia shirt and breeches only, almost unrecognisa ble, grimmed with sweat, dust, and filth beyond description. Ho had been nearly horned that morn ing, and his shirt was torn from his armpit downwards, showing rather more of a lean muscular flank than would havo been desirable in a drawing-room. He stood thoro with his legs wide apart, and a stick about eight feet long and ns thick as ono's wrist in his hand ; while before him, crowded into a corner of tho yard, wero a mob of infuriated, terrified cattle. As she watched, ono tried to push past him and get out of tho yard ; he stepped aside and let it go. The next instant a lordly young bull tried tho same game, but he was " wanted ;" so, just as ho came nearly abreast of Sam, ho received a frightful blow on the nose from tho stick, which turned him. But only for a moment. Tho maddened beast shak ing his head with a roar rushed upon Sam like a thunderbolt, driving him towards tho side of tho yard. He stepped on ono sido rapidly, and then tumbled himself bodily through tho rails, and fell with his fine brown curls in tho dust, right at the feet of poor Alice, who would havo screamed, but could not lind tho voice. Jim and Halbert roared with laughter, and Sam, picking himself up, was beginning to join as loud as anybody, when he saw Alice looking very pale, and went towards her. * " I hope you haven't been frightened by that evil disposed bull, Miss Brantwood," ho said pleasantly : " you must get used to that sort of work." " Hallo, sister !" shouted Jim ; what tho deuce brings you hore? I thought you wero at home at your worsted work. You should have seen what we were at, Cecil, beforo you brought her up. Now, inisB, ' just mount that rail alongsido of Halbert, and keep nuiot." " " Oh, do lot mo go home, Jim dear ; I am so frightened." y Then you must loam not to be frightened," he said. " Jump up now." But meanwhile tho bull had tho best of it, and had got out of the yard. A long lithe lad, stationed out side on horsoback, was in full chase, and Jim, leaping on one of tho horses tied to tho rails, started off to his assistance. Tho two chased tho unhappy bull as a pair of greyhounds chase a hare, with their whips cracking as rapidly and as loudly as you would fire a revolver. Aftor an oxcursion of about a milo into the forest, tho beast was turned and brought towards tho yard. Twico he turned and charged tho lad, with tho samo success. Tho cunning old stookhorso wheeled round or Bpraug asido, and tho bull went blundering into empty spaoo with two fourteon-foot stock-whips playing on his unlucky hide liko rain. At length ho was brought in again, and ono by ono thoso entitled to freedom were nassed out by Sam, and othors reserved unto a day of wrath-all but ono cow with her oalf. All this time Alice had sat by Halbert, Cecil had given no assistanco, for. Jim would have done any thing rather than pres3 a guest into the sorvice. Hal . bort asked her what she thought of tho sport ? " Oh, it is horrible," abo said. " I should like to go home. I hope it is all over." "Nearly,V said Halbort- "that cow and calf have got to go out. Don't get frightened now; watch your brother and Buokley." ; It'.was a. sight worth watohing; Sam aud Jim advanced towarda tho maddened beasts to try and get tho cow to holt. Tho cattlo wero huddled up at tho other end of the yard, and having been so lon« in hand wero ^Otting daugorous. Oneo or twice young boasts had tried to pass, but had been driven Lack by tho young men, with a courage and dexterity which tho boldest matador in Spain could not havo surpassed. Cecil Mayford saw, with his w'oll-uecustoincd oyo, that matters were getting porilous, «nd placed himself at tho rails, holding one ready to slip if tho boasts should break. In a moment, how or why, nono could tell, they made a sudden rush. Jim was borne back, dealing blows about hun like a Paladin, and Sam was down, rolled over and over in the dust, just at Alice's feet. Half-a-dozon passed right over him as he lay. Jim had mude good his retreat from tho yard, and Cecil hud quietly done just tho right thing; put up tho rail he held, and saved tho day's work. The cattlo were still safe, but Sam lay there in tho dust, motionless. Beforo any of them had appreciated what had hap pened, Alice was down, and, seizing Sam by tue shoulders, had dragged him to tho fence. Halbert, hor rified to seo her actually in tho presenco of the cattle, leaped after her, put Sam through the rails, and lifted her up to her old post on the top. In another instant the beasts swept furiously round the yard, just over tho place where thoy had been standing. They gathered round Sam, and for au instant thought he was dead : but just as Jim hurriedly knelt down, and raising his head bogan to untie his handker chief, Sam uprose, and, shaking himself and dusting his clothes, said "If it had boon any other boast which knocked mo down but that poley heifer, I should have been hurt j" and thon said that " it was bathing-time, and they must look sharp to bo intimo for dinner ;" three undeniable facts, showing that, although he was a littlo unsteady on his logs, his intellect had in nowise suffered. And Halbert, glancing at Alice, saw something in her faco that made him laugh ; and dressing for dinner in Jim's room, ho said to that young gentleman "Unless there aro family reasons against it, Jim, whioh of course I can't speak about, you know, I should say you would have Sam for your brother-in-law m avery short time." "Do you really think so, now?" said Jim ; " I rather fancied she had taken up with Cecil. I like Sam's fist, mind you, better than Cecil's wholo body, though ho is a good little fellow, too." "Shebas been doing that, I think, rather to put Sam on Ids mettle ; for I think ho was takiug things too easy with her at first ; but now, if Cecil has any false hopes, he may give them up ; the sooner tho better. No woman who was fancy free could stand seeing that noble head of Sam's como rolling down in tho dust at hor feet ; and what courage and skill ho exhibited too ! Talk of bull-fights ! I have seen one ! Bah I it is liko this nail-brush to a gold watch, to what I saw to-day. Sam, sir, has won a wife by cattlc draftinrr." "If that is tho case," said Jim, pensively brushing his hair, " I am very glad that Cecil's care for his fine clothes prevented his coming into tho yard ; for ho is ono of tho bravest, coolest hands among cattle, I know ; he beats mo." " Then he beats a precious good fellow, Jim. A man who could make such play as you did to-day, with a stick, ought to have nothing but a big three-foot of blue steel in his hand, and her Majesty's commission to use it against her enemies." " That will come," said Jim, " the day after Sam has got the right to look after Alice ; not before-the gover nor is too fond of his logarithms.!' When Sam came to dress for dinner he found that he was bruised all over, and had to go to the Captain for "shin plaster," as he called it. Captain Brentwood had latoly been trying homoeo pathy, which in his case, there being nothing the matter with, him, was a decided success. Ho doctored Sam with arnica externally, and gave him the five-hundredth > of a grain of something to swallow ; but what made Sam forget his bruises quiokor than these dnngorous and violent remedies, was the delightful chango iii Alice's behaviour. She was so agreeable tba t evening, that ho was in tho seventh heaven ; tho only drawback to his hap2>iness being poor Cecil Mayford's utter dis traction and misery. Next morning, too, after a swim in the river, Halbert told Jim privately, that if he, tiam, continued to sport such a confoundedly good appetite, he would have to be carried half-a-mîlo on a heifer's horns and left for dead, to keep up the romantic effect of his tumble the day before. They weresittingat breakfast, when the door opened, and there appeared before the assembled company the lithe lad I spoke of yesterday, who said " Bog your pardon, sir; child lost, sir." Thoy all started up. " Whoso child ?" asked the Captain. " James Grower's child, sir, at tho wattle hut." " Oh !" said Alice, turning to Sam, " it is that protty little boy up the river that wo wero admiring so last week." " When was ho lost ?" asked Major Buckley. "Two days now, sir," said tho lad. "But the hut is on tho plain sido of tho river," said tho Major ; " ho can't be lost on tho plains." "The river is very low, sir,*' said tho lad ; "hardly ancle deop just there. Ho may have crossed." " Tho blackfellows may havofouud him," suggested Mrs. Buckley. "They would have been here before now to tell us if thoy had, lam afraid," said Captain Brentwood. "Let us hope they may have got him ; however, wo had better start at once. Two of us may search the river between thi3 and tho hut, and two may follow towards tho Mayfords'. Sam, you have the best horse ; go down to tho hut, and see if you can find any trace across the rivér, on this side, and follow it up to the ranges. Take Bomo ono with you, and by-the-bye, tako your dog Hover." . They wero all quickly on tho alert. Sam was going to ask Jim to come with him ; but as ho was putting tho saddle on Widderin he toit a hand on his arm, and, turning, saw Cecil Mayford. " Sam Buckley," said Cecil, " let me ride with you ; will you ?" "Who sooner, old friend?" answered Sam heartily; "lotus como together by all means, and if wo aro to go to tho rangos, we had botter tako a blanket a-picco, and a wedgo of damper. So if you will got them from tho house, I will saddlo your horse." HOW THE CHILD WAS LOST, AND HOW HE OOT FOUND AGAIN-WHAT CECIL SAID TO SA3I WHEN THEY FOUND HIM-AND HOW IN CASTING LOTS, ALTHOUGH CECIL WON TUE LOT, HE LOST THE PRIZE. Four or five miles up tho river from Garoopna stood a, solitary hut, snug- sheltered by a lofty baro knoll, round which tho great river chafed among tho boulders. Across tho stream was the forest sloping down in pleasant glades from the mountain ; and behind tho hut roso tho plain four or fivo hundred feet over head, seeming to bo held aloft Joy tho bluo-stono columns which rose from tho river side. In this cottage resided a shepherd, his wife, and one little boy, their son, about eight years old. A strange, wild little bush child, nblo to speak articu lately, but utterly without knowledgo or experience of human creaturos, save of his father and mother ; unable to read a lino ; without religion of any sort or kind ; as entire a littlo savage, in fact, as you could find in the worst don iu your city, morally speaking, and yet beautiful to look on ; as activo as a roo, and, j with regard to natural objeots, as fearless aa a lion. As yet unfit to begin labour. All the long summer he would wander about tho river bank, uri and down the beautiful rook-walled paradise where he was con fined, sometimes looking eagerly across the water at the waving forest boughs, and fancying ho could see otlior children far up tho vistas beckoning to him to cross and play in that merry lund of shifting lights and shadows. It grew quito into a passion with the poor little man to get across and play thero ; and one day when his mother was shifting tho hurdles, and ho was handing her tho stiips of green ludo which bound them together, he said to her " Mother, what country is that across the river?" 'Tho forest, child." "There's plenty of quantongs over thero, eh mother, and raspberries ? Why mayn't I get across and play there !" " Tho river is too deop, child, and tho Bunyip lives in tho water under the stones." " Who are tho children that play across there ?" " Black children, likely." " No, white children." "Pixies; don't go near 'em, child; they'll lure you on, Lord knows where. Don't get trying to cross the river, now, or you'll bo drowned." But next day tho passion was stronger on him than ever. Quite early on the glorious cloudless midsummer day ho was down by tho river side, sitting on a rook,' with his shoos and stockings off, paddling his feet in tho clear tepid water, and watching tho million fish in the shallows-black fish and grayling- leaping and flashiner in.the sun. There is no pleasure that I have ever experienced like a child's midsummer holiday. The time, I mean, when two or three of us used to go away up tho brook, and take our dinners with us, and como home at night tired, dirty, happy, scratched beyond recognition, with a great nosegay, threc¿little trovit, and one shoe, the other ono having boing used for a boat tillit had gone down with all hands out of soundings. How poor our Derby days, our Greenwich dinners, our evening parties, whero there are plenty of nico girls, aro after that ! Depend upon it, a man never experiences such pleasure or grief after fourteen as he does before ; unless in somo cases, in his first lovo-making, when tho sensation Í3 new to him. But, meanwhile, there sat our child, barelegged, watching the forbidden ground beyond tho river. A fresh breeze was moving the trees, and making the whole a dazzling mass of shifting light and shadow. He sat so still that a glorious violet aud red king fisher perched quite close, and, dashing into tho water came forth with a fish, and lied like a ray of light along the winding of tho river. A colony of little shell parrots, too, crowded on a bough, and twittered and ran to and fro quite busily, as though they said to him-" We don't mind you, my dear ; you are quite one of us." Nevor was the river so low. He stepped in ; it scarcely reached his ancle. Now surely he might get across. He stripped himself, and, carrying his clothes waded through, tho water never reaching to his middle all across tho long, gravelly shallow. And there he stood naked and free in tho forbidden ground. He quickly dressed himself, and began examining his now kingdom, rich beyond his utmost hopes. Suoh quantongs, such raspberries, surpassing imagination; and when tired of them, such fern boughs, six or eight feet long! He would penetrate this region and see how far it extended. What tales he would have for his father to-night. Ho would bring him here, and' show him all the wonders, and perhaps ho would build a now hut over hero, and como and live in it? Perhaps the pretty young lady, with tho feathers in her hat, lived some where here, too ? There ! There tis one of thoäe children he has seen before across the river. Ah ! it is not a child at all, but a pretty groy beast, with big ears. A kangaroo, my lad, ho won't play with you, but skip away, slowly, and leave you alono. There is something like tho gleam of water on that rock. A snake ! Now a sounding rush through the wood, and a passing shadow. An eagle ! He brushes so close to the child, that he strikes at the bird with a stick, and then watches him as he shoots up like a rocket, and, measuring tho fields of air in ever- widen ing circles, hangs liko a motionless speck upon the sky ; though, measure bia wings across, and you will find he is nearer fifteen feet than fourteen. Here is a prize, though ! A wee little native bear, barely eight inches long-a little grey beast, comical beyond expression, with broad flapped ears, sits on a tree within reach. Ho makes no resistance, but cuddles into the child's bosom, and eats a leaf as they go along ; whilo his mother sits aloft, and grunts at the abstraction of her offspring, but, on tho wholo, takes it pretty comfortably, aud goes on with her dinner of peppermint leaves. What a short day it has been ! Hero Í3 tho sun get ting low, and the magpies and jackasses beginning to tune up before roosting. He would turn and go back to the river. Alas ! which wav? íío was lost in thc hush. Ho turned hack and went, as he thought, tho way he had _ come, but soon arrived at a tall, precipitous cliff, which, by some infernal magie, scomod to havo got between him and the river. Thon he broke down, and that strange madness came on him which comes even on strong men when lost in the forest ; a despair, a confusion of intellect, which has cost many a lifo. Think what it must be with a child ! He was fully persuaded that tho cliff was between him and home, and that he must climb it. Alas ! every stop he took aloft carried him further from the river and the hope of safety ; and when ho came to the top, just at dark, ho saw nothing but cliff after cliff, range after rauge, all around him. Ho had been wandering through steep gullies all day unconsciously, and had penetrated far into the mountains. Night was coming down, still and crystal clear, and the poor little lad was far away from help or hope, going his last long journey alone. Partly perhaps walking, and partly sitting down and weeping, ho got through the night ; and whon the solemn morning came up again he was still tottering along the leading range, bewildered ; crying, from time to timo, " mother, mother !"' still nursing his little bear, his only companion, to his bosom, and holding still in his baud a few poor flowers ho had gathered the day beforo. Up and on all day, and at evening, passing out of tho great zono of timber, ho carno on tho bald, thunder-sinitton summit ridge, where one ruined tree held up its skeleton arms against the sunset, and the wind carno keen and frosty. So, with failing, feeble leg*, upward still, towards the region of tho granite aud the snow ; towards tho eyrie of tho kite and the Brisk as they all were nt Garoopna, none wore so brisk as Oecil and Sam. Charles Hawker wanted to come with thom, but Sam asked him to go with Jim ; and, long beforo tho others were ready, our two had strapped their blankets to their saddles, and, followed by Sam's dog Rover, now getting a little grey about the nose, cantered up the river. Noither spoko at first. They know what a solemn task they had bofore them ; and, while actinjr as though everything depended on speed, guessed well that their search was only for a littlo oorpso, which, if they had luck, they would find stiff and cold under some treo or crag. Geoit began :-" Sam, depend on it that child has crossed the river to this side. If he had been on the plains ho would have boen seen from a distance in a few hours." " I quito agree," said Sam. " Let us go down this side till we are opposite tho hut, and search for marks by tho river side." So they agreed ; and in half an hour wore opposito the hut, ami, riding across to it to ask a few questions, found the poor mother sitting on tho door-step, with her apron over her hoad, rooking herself to and fro. ""We have como to help you, mistress," said Sam. "How do you think he is gone ?" Shesaid, with frequent bursts of grief, "tbatsomedays before he had mentioned haviug seen white children aoross the water, who beckoned him to cross and play ; that she, knowing well that they wero fairies, or per haps worso, had warned him solemnly not to mind them ; bub that she had very little doubt that they had helped him over and carried him away to tho forest ; and that her husband would not believe in his having crossed therivor." " Why, it is not knee deep across tho shallow," said Cecil. " Lot us cross again," said Sam : " ho may bo drowned, but I don't think it." In a quarter of au hour from starting they found, slightly up the stream, ono of tho child's socks, which in his hurry to dress he had forgotten. Here brave Rover took up tho trail like a bloodhound, and before eveuing stopped at thofoot of a lofty cliff. "Can he have gono up hore?" said Sam, as thoy were brought up by tho rock. " Most likely," said Cecil. " Lost children always climb from height to height. I have heard it often remarked by old bush hands. Why they do so, God, who leads them, only koowa ; but the fact is beyond denial. Ask Rover what he thinks ?" Tho bravo old dog was half-way up, looking back for them. It took them nearly till dark to get their horses up ; and, as there was no moon, and the way was getting perilous, they determined to camp, and start again in tho morning. . They spread their blankets {and' lay rdown side by side. Sam had thought, from Cecil's proposing to como with him in preference to the others, that he would speak of a subject nearly concerning them both ; but Cecil wont off to sleep and made no sign ; and Sam, ere he dozed, said to himself-" By Jove, if he don't speak this journey, I :will. It is 'unbearable that we should not come to some understanding. Poor Cecil !" At early dawn they caught up their horses, which had been hobbled with the stirrup leathers, and started afresh. Both wero more silent than ever, and the dog, with his nose to the ground, led them slowly along tho rocky iib of the mountain, over going higher " It; is inconceivable," said Sam, " thai the poor child can have come up hero. There is Tuekorimbid close to our right, five thousand feet above tho river. Don't you think wo must bo mistaken?" "Tho dog disagrees with you," said Cecil. "He has something before him not very far off. Watch him." The trees had become dwarfed and scattered; they were getting out of tho region of trees ; thereat forest zone was now,jbelow them, and they saw they wore emerging towards a bald elevated down, and that a few hundred yards before them was a dead tree, on tho highest branch of which sat an eagle. "The dog has stopped," said Cecil-"the end is near." "See," said Sam, "there is a handkerohief under the tree." " That is tho boy himself," said Cecil. They were up to him and off in a moment. There ho lay, dead and stiff, ono hand still grasping the flowers he had gathered on his lase happy play-day, and the other laid as a pillow, between the soft cold cheek arid the rough cold stone. His midsummer holiday was over, his long journey was ended. He had found out at last what lay beyond the shining river he had watched so long. Both the young men knelt beside him for a moment in silence. They had found only what they had .expected to find, and yet, now that they had found it. I they woro far moro touched and softened than they I could have thought possible. They stayed in silence a fow moments, and then Ceoil, lifting up his head, said suddenly "Sam Buckley! there can be no debate between us two, with this lying hero between us. Let us speak now." " There has never boon any debato, Cecil," said he, " and there never would be, though this littlocorpso was buried fathoms deep. It takes two to make a quarrel, Cecil, and I will not be ono." "Sam," said Cecil, "IlovoAlico Brentwood better than all tho world besides." " I know it." " And you love hor too, as well, wore it possible, na T ,1n » " I know that too." "Why," resumed Cecil hurriedly, " has this come to pass ? Why has it been my unlucky destiny, that tho man I love and honour above all others should become my rival ? Are there no other women in tho world ? Tell me, Sam, why is it forced on mo to choose between my best friend and the woman I love dearer than lifo ? Why has this terrible emergency come between us?" V ï,wiU tel1 y°u- why," said Sam, speaking very quietly, .as though fearing to awaken the dead ; "to teach us to behave liko men of honour and gentlemen, though our hearts break. That is why, Cecil." ." What shall wo do ?" said Cecil. " Easily answered," said Sam. " Let her docido for herself. It may bo, mind you, that she will havo neither of us. There has been one living in the house with her lately, far superior in every point to you or I. How if she thought fib to prefer him ?" "Halbert." "Yes, Halbert] What moro likely? Lot you and I find out the truth, Cecil, like men, and abide by it. Let each ono ask her in his turn, what chance ho has." "Who first?" " Soo hero," said Sam ; " draw ono of theso pieces of grass out of my hand. If you draw the longest piece ask her at once. Will you abide by this?" Ho said " Yes," and drow-tho longest pieco. "That is well," said Sam. "And now no more of this at present. I will slinr this poor little fellow in my blanket, and oarry,|"'in homo to his mother. Seo Cecil, what is Hover . Hover was on his hind logs against the tree, smelling at something. When they came to look, thore was a weo little grey bear perched in tho hollow of tho tree. ' ' What a vory strange placo for a young boar ! saui Cecil. ,.,, T ¿ "Depend on it," said Sam, "that tho chdd had caught it from its dam, and brought it up here, laico it homo with you, Cecil, and give it to Alice. Cecil took the little thing homo, and in tune itgrew to be between three and four feet high, a grandfatnoi of boars. Tho magpie protested agaiust his introctuo tiouto tho establishment, and used to pluck billiuus 01 hair from his stomach under pretence of lining a noss, which was never made. But in spite of this, tho goou gentle beast lived nigh as long as the magpie-lone I onoughto bo caressed by the waxen fingers of uswo I Mldren who would afterwards gather round their ! rviJL ¿nd hear how tho bear had been carried to the nuntains in tho bosom of the little boy who lost his von thegrauito ranges, and wont to heaven, in the S that tho bushrangers came down. Sun carried the little corpse back in his blanket, and fhat evening helped the father to bury it by the river ' ¡j« Under some fern*tree3 they buried him, on a Coil whioh looked across the river, into tho treacher ous beautiful forest whioh had lured him to his AHoa'was very sad for a day or two, and thought and ij tMeù. much about this sad ncoident, but soon she li recovered her svnrits again. And it foll out that a bare I week after this, tho party being all out in one direction 1 or another, that Cecil saw Alice alono in the garden, tending her flowers, and know that the time was come for him to keep his bargain with Sam and speak to her. ge felt like aman who was being led to execution; I butsorewed his courage to the highest point, and went I do*n to where she was tying up a rose-tree. "Miss Brentwood," he said, I am come to petition for a flower." <'You shall have a dozen, if you will," she answered. " Help yourself ; will you have a peony or a sun-flower ? ¡(you have not made up your mind, let me recommend t good large yellow sun-flower." Here was a pretty beginning ! "Miss Brentwood, don't laugh at me, but listen to me a moment. I love you above all earthly things besides. I worship the ground you walk on. I loved you from the first moment I saw you. I shall love you as well, ay, better, if that could be, on the day my heart is still, and my hand is cold for ever : can you tell me to hope? Don't drive me, by one hasty half considored word, to despair and misery for the rost of my lifo. Say only one syllable of encouragement, and I will bide your time for years and years." Alice was shocked and stunned. She saw ho was in earnest by his looks, and by his hurried, confused way of speaking. She feared she might have been to blame, wd have encouraged him, in her thoughtlessness, moro than sho ought. "I will make him angry with me." she said to herself. "Iwill treat him to ridi cule. It is the only chance, poor fellow !" "Mr. Mayford," she said, "if I thought you were in jest, I should fell it necessary to tell my father and brother that you had been impertinent. I can only believe that you are in earnest, and I deeply regret that your personal vanity should havo urged you to take Buoh an unwarrantable liberty with a girl you have not vet known for ten days." He turned and left her without a word, and she remained standing where she was, half inclined to cry, and wondering if she had noted right on the spur of the moment- sometimes half inclined to believe that she had been unladylike and rude. When a thing of this kind takes place, both parties generally \ put themselves in immediate correspondence with It confidant. Miss Smith totters into the apart ments of her dearest friend, and falls weeping on the sofa, while Jones rushes madly into Brown's rooms in tie Templo, and shying his best hat into the coal tcattle, announces that there is nothing now left for him but to drown the past in debauchery. Where Íupon Brown, if he is a good fellow, as all tho Browns are, produces the whiskey and hears all about it. So in the present instance two people wete informed of what had taken place before they went to bed that night ; and those two were Jim and Dootor Mulhaus, Alice had stood where Cecil had left her, thinking, could she confide it to Mrs. Buckley, and ask for advice? But Mrs. Buckley had been a little cross to her that week for some reason, and so she was afraid ; and, not knowing anybody else well enough, began to cry. lhere was a noise of horses feet just beyond the fence, and a voice calling to her to come. It was Jim, aui, drying her eyes, she went out, and ho, dismount ¡ug pat Ms arm round hor waist and kissed her. '' Why. my beauty," he said, " who has been making yon cry ?" Stie put her hoad on his shoulder and began sob bing louder than ever. " Cecil Mayford," she said in a whinner. I "Well, and what the d-1 has he been at?" said j Jim, in a rather startling tone. I " Wants to marry me," she answered, in a whisper, 1 and hid her face in his coat. ! "The deuce doubt he does," said Jim ; "who does I not? What did you tell him ?" " I told him that I svondered at his audacity." "Sent him off with a flea in his ear, in fact," said Jim. "Well, quito right. I suppose you would do the same for any man ?" "Certainly I should," she said, looking up. I "If Doctor Blulhaus, now,-eh ?" "I'd box his ears, Jim," she said, laughing: "I would indeed." " Or Sam Buckley ; would you box his ears, if he were to-you know ?" "Yes," she said. But there spread over her faco a sudden crimson blush, like the rosy arch which heralds tho tropical sun, which made Jim laugh aloud. "If you dare to say a word, Jim," she said, "I would never, never-" Poor Cecii had taken his horse and had meant to ride home, but came back again at night, "just," he thought, " to have one more look ab her, before he entered on some lino of life whioh would take him far away from Garoopna and its temptation." The Doctor (who has been rather thrust aside lately j a tho midst of all this love-making and so on) saw i that something had gone very wrong with Cecil, who j was a great friend of his, and, as he could never bear I to aee a man in distress without-helping him, he I encouraged Cecil to stroll down the garden with him, J and then kindly and gently asked bim what was wrong. Cecil told him all, from beginning to end, and added that life was over for him, as far as all pleasure aud excitement went j and, in short, said what we have all said, or had said to us, in our time, after a great disappointment in love ; which the Doctor took for exactly what it was worth, although poor little Cecil's «stress was very keen ; and, remembering somo old 76one day when he had suffered so himself, he cast »bout to find some comfort for him. You will get over this, my boy," said he, "if you would only believe it." Never, never !" said Cecil. .Let me tell you a story as we walk up and down. « it does not comfort you, it will amuse you. How weet the orango bloom smells ! Liston :-Had not 'lie war broke out so suddenly, I should have been . ?am,Ga> two months to a day, before the battle of owrbruok. Catherine wa3 a distant cousin, beauti ! If, a"tt talented, about ton years my juuior. , before Heaven, sir, on the word of a gentle man, I nQver persecuted hor with my addresses, and if eitner of them say I did, tell them from me, sir, that wey he, and I will provo it on their bodies. Bah ? I J" forgetting. I, as head of the family, was her pataian, and, although my younger brother was nearer SnÄ' lC0UttQd her, in all honour and humility pro n« M.0 ' an(1 was accepted with even more willing ra than most women condescend to show on suoh nw wi' and recelved the hearty congratulations of II» S n ?Few women wore ever loved better than 'loved Catherine. Conceive, Cecil, that I loved lier fellowsM y°U l0V° Misa Brontwoocb nnd list011 to wliafc bril» «Î Y^-ßloud burst so'suddenly that, leaving my Ul«w that was tobe, to the core of my brother, and putting him in charge over my property, I hurried oft j to join the Landsturm, two regiments of which I had put into a stato of efficiency by my sole exertions. "You know partly what followed,-in one day an army of 150,000 men destroyed, the King in flight to Königsberg, aud Prussia beoamo a provinco of France. " I fled, wounded badly, desperate and penniless, from that field. I learnt from the peasants, that what ' I had thought to be merely a serious defeat was an irretrievable disaster ; and, in spite of wounds, hunger, and want of clothes, I held on my way'towards home. " Tho enemy were in possession of the country, so I had to travel by night alone,' and beg from such poor cottages as I dared to approach. Some times I got a night's rest, but geuerally lay abroad I in the fields. But at length, after every sort of danger and hardship, I stood above the broad, sweeping Maine, and saw the towers of my own beloved castle across the river, perched as of old above the vineyards, look ing protectingly down upon tho little town which was clustered on the river bank below, and which owned mo for its master. " I m ossed at dusk. I had to act with great caution, for I did not know whether the French were there or not. I did not make myself known to the peasant who ferried me over, further than as one from the war, which my appearance wa9 sufficient to prove. Handed just below a long high wall which separated the town from the river, and, ere I had time to decide what I should do first, a figure coming out of an archway caught me by tho hand, and I recognised my own ! " 'I knew you would come back to me,' he said, ' if it was only as a pale ghost : though I never believed you dead, and have watched here for you night and day to stop you.' " ' Are the French in my castle, then ?' " ' There are worse than tho French thei'e,' he said ; 'worse than the devil Bonaparte himself. Treason, treachery, adultery !' " '"Who has proved false?' I cried. " ' Your brother ! False to his king, to his word, to yourself. Ho was in correspondence with the French for six months past, and, now that he bolieves you dead, he is living in sin with her who was to have been your wife,' " I did not cry out or.faint, or anything of that sort. I only said, 1 I'm going to the castle, Fritz,' and he came with me. My brother had turned him out 'of the house when he usurped my property, but by a still faithful domestic we wore admitted, and I, knowing every secret passage in my house, came shoeless from behind some arras, and stood before them as they sat I at supper. I was a ghastly sight. I had not shaved for I a fortnight, and my uniform hung in tatters from my 1 body ; round my head was the same bloody white hand kerchief with which I had bound up my head at Jena. I was deadly pale from hunger, too ; and from my I entering so silently they believed they had seen a ghost. My brother roso, and stood, pale and horrified, and i Catherine fell fainting on the floor. This wa3 all my I revengo, and ere my brother could speak, I was gone away to England, where I had money in the funds, accompanied by my faithful Fritz, whom Mary Haw j ker's father buried in Drumston churchyard. "So in one day Host a brother, a mistress, a castle, a king, and a fatherland. I was a ruined, desperate man. And yet I lived to seo old Blucher with his dirty boots on the silken sofas at the Tuileries, and to become as stout and merry a middle-aged man as any Prussian subject in her young majesty's dominions." (TO BE CONTINUED.) The Atlanta (Georgia) New Era gives an account of the recent murder of coloured representative Clai borne, by Bentley, a coloured messenger of the House. It appears that at about three minutes to 10 o'clock, when both Houses were about to commence the labours of tho day.jthree pistol shots were fired in rapid succession, and a cap was heard to snap, denoting that a fourth attempt had been made to fire. On rushing into the lobb} a coloured man was seen about half-way down the stairs leading up from Marietta-street. This was M. Claiborne, ono of the members from Brooks County. It was obvious that ho was dying ; ho never spoke after he fell ; he was shot through the heart.. His assassin was Bentley, the coloured messenger of the House. Bentley, as messenger of the House, had under his charge and control the pages, and recently discharged one of them, a coloured boy, named Alonzo, who was a ward of negro Senator Wallace. This discharge created a good deal of excitement and indignation amorfg the coloured members generally, who asserted that the boy had been dis charged "without cause, and Wallace expostulated and finally quarrelled with Bentley, the result of which was tho arrest of Wallace for using oppro brious language. This was answered by Wallace by a plea of privilege, and-this question was decided by Judge Pittman, who discharged Wallace. We heard it asserted that Bentley wore his pistol in caBe of a collision with Wallace. Claiborne, going into the House, went to one of the pages and asked for his letters. Bentley stepped up and made some remark, when Claiborne said, " I don't want you to speak to moy you-; I don't want anything to do with you." Bentley replied ho would see him out side about that. Claiborne stepped int© the lobby and walked toward the Senato Chamber with a friend, Bentley following him. Tho first shot missed Claiborne, and passed through the door of the President's lobby, The second Bhot found its way into poor Claiborne's heart. The third missed, and went through tho door of the office of Public Works. A fourth time the trigger was pulled, but it missed fire. The wounded man went steadily down the steps for a short distance, but foll on his back about half way down ; he never spoke again. The excitement which followed was most intense, and had not ceased when tho Legislature adjourned. At the time of the shooting the members in tho House rose and scat tered in every direction, and in the Senate the excitement was scarcely less, and it was not until nearly half-an-hour after tho regular time that tho Senate was called to order. The murderer, after committing the deed, walked calmly into the HOUBO, and went to his desk,_ holding his pistol in his hand, and waited until Lieutenant Queen, of the city police, came and took him into custody.-Times, September 10. A MATTEII-OF-FAOT WOMAN.-An American editor describes a clergyman's wifo who nover forgot herself in any momentary fit of onthusiasm. She could count the clock amid his kisses, and look to see whether the pot was boiling with her eyes full of tears he had wrung from them by some moving story. While he was listen ing in rapture to her singing, she would break off in the middle of a verse to ask him what she should cook for supper ; and he could nover forgive her having once interrupted him while she waa listening with deep emotion to his very best sermon, to tell him not to put on his left stocking tho next morning till she had 1 mended it. 