TO WHAT FRANCE OWEB HER DOWNFALL. IT is singular that tho principio which LouiB Napo- leon invoked to eecuro his elevation to tho throne of Franco, Bhould havo in tho ond ruined him. It was upon corruption that ho relied to accomplish his ambition, and corruption has eaten him up. ,r Tho truth is told by his vast army on papery easy enough to marshal in bureaus out very ineffective against'on' actual foe ; chasaepots by tho million, duly noted1 and registered, receipted and paid for, but nevor delivered ; mountains of fixed ammunition, properly rolled and made up, but composed for tho mo3t part of non-explosive sand, answering all the require- ments of weight but nothing elso ; imperfect l'uses, lighting readily, but going out bsiuro results could bo reached, and shells constructed so as to explode harmlessly in thc air and not in tho enemy's lines. No such huge, festering mass of corruption and rascality has ever boon revealed to tho world os that of the late French Empiro. It fairly reeks t o Heaven. The talk of another coup d'etat is not by any means ns wild as it would seem at the first glance The largo army of plunderers who had such a good time under tho Empire, forging vouchers for chas sepots in largo numbers and pocketing the proceods -appropriating the 2000 francs demanded from each person conscripted, who did not wish to serve drawing rations and pay for a large and profitable army on paper represented by mere numorals, created at a dash of the pen, but as expensive to the national treasury as real Uve soldiers with hacks to clothe and stomachs to fill-these blood-suckers and vampires, the legitimate spawn of a Government founded on corruption, will not give up so long ns there is even a ghost of a show to bring book their . i wooden Crusar and Bet him on high; to he worship . ped by all men, while they devote all their energies I to the cleaning out of whatever is now left of man- hood, honour, and vitality in the French nation. I The restoration, or attempted restoration of Louis Napoleon, is net only a possibility, buta probability. ยก-News of the World. 