TRE OPEN COLUMN. We offer to onr readers, under this head, a medfnm for tbe expression of opinions upon topics of pnblio interest. We hold ourselveB, however, in no way responsible for the opinions expressed in this part of the journal. ROMAN CATHOLIC SCHOOLS. To the Editor of the Inquirer & Commercial Seas. Sib, — In a letter on education, published in your issue of the 30th ultimo, and signed ' A True Catholic,' the writer inculcates that if Catholic parents will se&d; their children to the Government schools under the present system, they need not fear tbat those children will be seduced from their faith, or led astray into any j pernicious practices. ' Surely,' says he, ' there can be no fear tbat tbe boy brought op in Government schools, when he becomes a man, will kneel to a man to have his sins forgiven V Now, Mr. Editor, it has been shown palpably enough by my able friend ' Catholicus' how reasonable and well- founded are tbe objections of Catholic parents to sending their children to Government mixed schools. I will only say on the subject that, bad they no other motives to deter them from doing so than the ' fear' that these children should be exposed to the evident danger of being therein tainted with impres sions adverse to the revered practice of ' ineel ing to a man to have hia sins forgiven.' ? This fear alone would be more thau sufficient to make it for them an imperative duty to keep them far from those schools. But, I may be allowed to ask, why do our Protestant friends incessantly point out as damnable, or, at least, as unnecessary, this practice of ours, of kneeling and confessing our sins to a man, since the same was transmitted to us by ' our and their1 forefathers, from gener fltfrm *n wnpnitJAii. tin to the tjma of tbe Apostles ? At this very moment there are two hundred millions of Somon Catholics in the world (see Weekly Register for 2nd October, 1869) who not only practise, but firmly believe in the 'absolute necessity of confessing to a man, under pain of eternal rain,' while there are not quite ninety millions of Protestants of all shades of persuasions in the world {ibid), of which, while many reject it, not a lew are in - favour of the Catholic belief in this point. If, then, the word ? majority' tells anything, on which side is the best ground of belief and practice, and what becomes of the Protestant denial of the necessity of confessing our sins to a man? I have repeatedly beard Protestants saying, ' I like tbe Catholic religion, but 1 don't like the practice of confession.' Is this a fear of confessiug side ? Let us suppose it is a fear — a terrible fear, perhaps, for some — to have to discover their sins, even tueir most secret thoughts and actions, to another man! But what if God's offended Majesty requires tbe sinner to undergo this humiliation as a ' repar ation,'* and as a condition without which He has decreed not to forgive him? How many, it is to be feared, there will be one day who, when too late, would be glad to come back into this world and to confess all their sins, loudly, not to one man, but, from the top of a monntain, to all men there assembled to hear them, if by this act of humiliation they were to obtain pardon, and be rescued from their prison of woe and admitted into heaven! A. terrible fear. Be it so. Bat if it is God's will and command ment, as we Catholics sat it is, who can, with impunity, refuse to obey it ? Let us, for a moment, go back in mind to the time when our Eedeemer was visibly con versing with men. Suppose tbat He, after proving beyond the possibility of a doubt tbat He was one of tbe three Divine Persons, bad proclaimed, on or betore the day of His return ing to His Father, the two following command ments, in these very words, namely : — 1st. ' He who shall believe, aud be baptized 'by a man, shall be saved} he wbo shall ' not believe, or, believing, shall not allow him 'self to be baptized by a man, shall be damned.' 2nd. ' He who shall confess his sins to a man, ' and shall obtain forgiveness from a man (who 'shall forgive in My Name, and by My autho ' rity, vested in him), shall be saved ; he who ' eball not confess bis sins to a man, and shall 'not receive forgiveness from a man, shall be ' damned' Supposing, I say, that God himself, onr absolute Master, and tbe Master of Life and Death everlasting, bad thus indeed given, in the foregoing plain words, these two command ments, as positively and clearly as 1 now have expressed them, would Hot every man on earth be bound to accept them both ? And what difference is there if 'a man, to forgive original sin,' pours water on another man, young or old, saying, ' J baptise thee in the Same of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' or if ' a man, to forgive actual or personal sins' having beard the sins and judged tbe dispositions ot another man, says, ' I forgive tUee thy sins in tbe Name of the Father, and of tbe Son, and of the Holy Ghost r' is not man tbe ? ageuf of God in both cases? In baptism it is through thw ' agency of a man, by God's ordination, that original sin is forgiven.' In concession it is, likewise, through the agency of a man, by God's ordination, that 'personal sins are forgiven.' And why could not our gracious God enable me, though a man, to do the work of an agent in the one case as well as in the other ? Or which is more diffi cult for me, after God has allowed me to do so as His agent, to say — J baptize thee in the Name of the Father, and of Vie Son, and of the Roly tihost?' or, after God has commissioned me to do so, to say — ' I forgive thee thy sins in the Same of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ?' Which is easier to say— *? Thy sins are forgiven thee,' or to say, ' Arise and waVcV — Matt. ix. 2. Whether God's work is done by Himself immediately, or by agents commissioned, empowered by Him, the work is equally done. Whether tbe water is changed by God into wine, or by Moses into blood, the water is equally changed. And whether the sinner is made clean and justified by God or by His minister, His commissioned agent, the sinner is equally clean and justified. It is sad, Mr. Editor, that, in onr day, after so much has been done to bring back to the true faith, to the faith of their forefathers, those who have been led astray from it, as well as those who, not of their own choice, were born out of it, eo much prejudice should still exist agaiust a rite or practice so undoubtedly of Divine institution, so necessary to salvation, and so universally observed for nearly two thousand years. At tbe same time it is true, as well as ** consoling, that people in England are becoming more aud more conscious of the tin soundness of the ground they liave so long been standing upon. It is consoling to know that in tbe last year, in taeboe months' time, in Eng land, upwards of two thousand Protestants gave vp the Protestant, and embraced the Jiomnn Catholic religion.' (See Weekly Megister, Ist Jan., 1870, p. 9. col. 1). I said 'of Divine institution? Yes, unless God had commanded it, no man, or set of men, could ever have succeeded in establishing the practice of confession, far less the belief iu its necessity to salvation. There is too much humiliation, fear, and shame attached to it, and no acuteuess ot arguments could ever have induced the world to receive it ; no human power could ever have enforced it. And as to its being so universally observed, it is obvious to every one that, whilst at the present duy 'tuo hundred millions of Catholics' (Rom.) do observe it, great and little, learned and ignorant, and believe in its necessity to salva tion, so, daring the eighteen hundred years that have gone by since Christ died, and before those now living two hundred millions of Catholics were born, many and many more hundreds of millions of Catholics have observed it, and believed in its necessity to salvation. Now, Mr. Editor, whether this astounding fact of the number and unshakeable constancy of those who have observed, and of those who do this day observe, the practice in question, is for 'men of goodwill; with the help of the Bible, sufficient to convince them that it is of Divine institution, commanded by God, and, consequently, not only profitable, but necessary to salvation, I must hopefully leave it for them to judge. Yours trulv, A. J. LECAILLE. Greenough, April 12, 1870. 