THE DEAD HEAT. liv OLD CALABAH. CiiArTKR 1.- THE MATCH. Ko, never lind there been such n state of excitement in nu; ball- room before, when lt became known that Captain O'Booney had entrapped Lieutenant Charles Fortescue of H. M th Foot, into a thousand guineas match, p.p., owners up, twelve stone each, and four miles over the stitfest country in Galway. The match had been made at thc supper-table, after the ladies had left ; but, nevertheless, the news had been carried to them, and they were furious. 'Fancy,' said ono. a tall, handsome brunette, 'that that little wretched bandy-legged O'Booney should havo got round our hand- some friend in such a mean way 1 He is jealous and disgusted with Fortcscno's waltzing, and he IK the best waltzer in Ireland.' ' I'll make him a set of colours to ride In,' returned thc toast of five counties, tho beautiful Alica Gwynne. ' I never made any before, but " there's luck in odd numbers, says Kory O'Moro, and so ha is sure to win in them.' ' Too bad,' exclaimed the old groy-haircd colonel of Fortcscuo's regiment to some gentlemen standing by him at the supper-table, to have hounded the Iud into it. O'ltoonoy is a noted steeple- chase rider, and, my boy, (ho always called the youngsters of his, lils boys), ' though a workman across country, novor rode a raco in his life ; but I hear tho Captain has tho character of looking up tho Grifa.' "Faith, Colonel, ye are about right there' 'said a jolly-look- ing young Irishman : . ho ls just tho boy that can do that same ; he is mad now because Fortescuo's English horse cut him down tn-dny and pounded him-a thing that has never been dono before.* . Uudad, you're out there, Mat,' put in another . ' I'd be after thinking it is because the Leaftcnet lina been making might strong running entirely, with Alice Gwynne all this blessed night. O'ltooncy, by my faith, docs not Uko that, devil a bap'orth ; he considers himself the favoured ono-the conslnted spalpeen.' ' Ho tho favoured ono 1' remarked big H-, of Fortescue'* regiment : ' why he cannot suppose he would havo a ghost of a chance with that pug nose and whtsky-toddy countenance of lils asrainst Fortescue of ours. Why Old Nick himself could not boast of an uglier faco than Fat Boonoy. Fortescue ls about the hand- somest and nicest fellow In tho service, and though only a poor man, yet there are devilish few girls, at least of any taste, who would give him the " cold shoulder." Tho conversation was put an end to by the redoubtable Captain O'ltooncy they wero descanting on in such flattering terms watk- ins towards them, and with whom all seemed to bo on such bad terms. ' 1 will make ono ondcavour now,' said tho old Colonel, ' to put a stop to this match.' ' captain O'ltoonoy," said he, as that gentleman joined them, ' I am sorry to hear of this proposed steep c-clmse, and for such a sum. Mr Frtescuo ls a young mau, and has acted very foolishly; he Is young, too, in "the service : and though he bolds the poit of adjutant, has little, I know, but his pay, and such a loss as a thousand pounds would seriously inconvenience him. Let mo re- commend, Captain O'ltooncy, that Fortescue glvo you a hundred pounds to-morrow morning and draw the bet. What say you, gentlemen all, ls tho proposal fair ?" "Nothing fairer,' they exclaimed. " Soo now, Colonel,' said Captain O'ltoonoy, ' let us hear what Mr Fortescue says ; he is not hero ; he'll bc found In tho ball- room, I'm after thinking.' ' True for yo. Captain dear,' said thu jolly-looking young Irish- man before alluded to. ' Devil a bit,' he continued, with a sly and malicious twinkle of his blue eye, 'is Fortescue in thc ball room. Bo labors, lie ls scated In thc card-room alone by Alice Gwynne playing witli her bouquet and fan. I'll go and fetch him; . but it's a pity to disturb him. I'd almost tako my oath he has been asking her to bo Mrs Fortescue, and by my soul I don't behove she has said no.' Iso saying, thc young mau, without giving tho other time to answer, vanished from tho room. ' What is lt, Colonel!" said Fortescue, coming in almost imme mediately after. ' Seo now,' said O'Rooncy, interrupting bim; ' tho Colonel says this is a foolish match we have entered into, and proposes that yo should pny mo a hundred down to-morrow to let yo olf. What d'ye sayr" ' What do I sayî' replied tho young man; ' why I'll do anything the Colonol likes. I think it is a foolish match. I was excited and out of humour when I mado it. I'm better now, and if you Uko to tako a hundred and draw, why I'll send you a chequo to- morrow morning for tho amount, or run you for a hundred, which you like.' ' Kee now,' said the Captain, his naturally red face getting purple with nngor and excitement, 'I've heard yo both-tho Colonel and yourself : now both of yo hear mc. If ye were to offer me nine hundred and ninety .nine pounds d-n mo If I'd take lt, for by thc Bock of Cashel, I'll lick yo and break your heart and nock over the country; and see now, Fortescue,' he continued, ' steer clear of thu heiress.1 "What do you mean, slr?' retorted tho young mab, firing up. ' Steer clear of tho heiress I you forget yourself ; do you presumo to pnt a lady in tho question V abd saying this lia turned away. ' All devilish lino,' said O'Booucy, sticking his hands in his pocket, and sauntering away from tho supper-table, humming a verse of Harry Lorrequer's well-known song : ' Tito King of Oude Ia mighty proud And so were onst the Caysars (Ciossr)s ; J But ould Giles Eyre j Would moko them stare. Av he had thom with tho Blazers. To the devil I'd fling-ould Itunjoet Singh I Ho's only a prince in a small way ; And knows nothing at all ot a sis-foot wall, Oh I he'd neve« do for Galway ' ' Won't he ?' muttered Fortescue to himself as he caught the last words; 'perhaps I'll show you ho wUl.' If tho Captain had not been so blind with passion, ho might liavo heard tho gallant adjutant singing not to voce a verse of a song from tho samo author as he strolled carelessly from tho room . ' Fut his arm round lior waist, Gavo ten kisses at iasto, " Oh !" say ho, " you're my Molly Malone, " My own, " Oh I" say» ho, " you'ro my Molly Malone 1" ' What did he mean" ' By the Brent gun of Athlone, I'm mighty glad entirely thoy'ro both gono from tho room,' said a hard-riding Galway Bqulro, as tho illustrious Captain O'ltooncy disappeared from sight. ' I thought there was an uligant row browing. Bettor as lt ls. Whcro O'llooney Is to get tho coln from if ho loses, devil a ono of mo knows ; he s in " Quaro Street" long ago. Never mind, boys : lot us have the groceries. " O Punch I you aro my darling, and tho devil fly away with dull care, ii ow, Colonel,' ho continued, ' upon pip conscience, ns O'ltooney won't listen to reason, yon must look after Fortcscuo's interests : O'ltooney will endeavor to pick out n country. I mean he will go building up walls and so on. You must have your own way a little, or, Bcgorra, heil do as ho likes entirely. Kow there is ano thing that wilt beat him if anything will ; you must I mist on tlint, or I would not glvo a trauneen for Fortcscue's chance, and that la' (he dropped lils voice to a whisper), ' one if not tim WATtR-juuips ; If anything will »top Mad Moll His WATER." , ' It shall bo done,' said the Colonel : ' I'll see that the lad is not j taken advantage of.' And the old llold-olllccr kept his word, as I will be seen in tho sequel. , O'ltooney was greatly disturbed when bo knew there was to be' ona or moro water-Jumps. He fought hard and gallantly against it; but the Colonel was obdurate. . By Gad, slr, sold he, you do not want lt entirely you own way, do you t I have not interfered with tho country in any way, I have sold nothing as to tho six-foot wall you havo built up, and others equally dangerous, and now you cavil at a paltry ditch." .Bitch do yo call lt, Colonel ; fifteen feot'of water, hurdled and staked, a ditch, and another of eleven ; by my troth, no such ditches are found between thia and Ballinasloe. But nover mind ; glory lie to Moses, I'll get over them. And then, h-ll to my soul, if the English bono will ever come near Mad Moll's girths again.' 'We think nothing of nineteen feet, sir,'said tba Colonel; 'in England, fifteen feet is nothing ; but my youngster shall havo a chance.' Great was the excitement throughout thc country-indeed, in all parts ot Ireland. Such a match lind not been known for years-' a thousand pounds.' What could the English Light Bob havo been thinking of ? The nags went on and trained well, closely guarded by their respective admirers. Tho English horse took to wall jumping beautifully ; but lt was doubted even, with his great turn of speed, if he had tho foot of tho Irish maro-a clipper. Then again, though Fortescue was a cool and brilliant horseman, ho had not the knowledge of thc Captain, who had ridden many a hard-contested race beforo, across country and over the flat. The stakes had been made good and deposited according to agreement with the Colonel. The Captain had found friends to ?hara in the bot, for though lia was generally disliked, yet they had confidence in lils horse and his horsemanship. Fortescue, too, had friends, nor had bis commanding ollleor benn idle. Men from his own regiment had como forward, so ail ho stcoil to lose was two hundred and fifty ; this and other mailers made him sanguine and lighthearted. In addition to all, he had rccolvcd a beautiful set of colours from Miss Gwynne Tho papers, Engll h and irish, teemed with the forthcoming match. . Lieut. Charles Fortcscue's, of H.M. -th Foot, bay horse. 'Screwdriver, aged, against Capt, O'ltooney's chesnut maro Mad Moll, seven years old, for ONE THOUSAND guineas aside.' Tho excitement was intenso. Such a stiff blt of country, had not boen seen or ridden over for years. The betting would have been decidedly in favour of tho Captain, but his mare's well-known dislike to water prevented anything like odds being given-so they were both about equal favourites. . By Georgo, old fellow I' said one of Fortescue's messmates to him one morning, some three days previous to tho race, ' I really think your chance ts becoming more rosy every hour. Tho moro O'ltooney's mare sees water tho moro she dislikes it. One of the men in my company, a Galway man, has u country cousin in tho barracks, who knows aU about it. Just tend to Sergeant Blake, said he, turning to one passing by, 'and tell him to como hero and bring his cousin with him ; Mr Fortescue wishes to see him.' Hl'liio man soon appeared. 'Saints ycr supareor,' said tho Sergeant, as he recovered. 'Touch your caubcen.' ' Arrah, now, Seargcnt, dear, wasn't I after doing it?' ' Well, do lt at onst, yo murdering rutilan, and tell all ye know.' ' Yes, sir, ycr honour,' commenced tho lad. ' Falx, the Captain 'av' been trying tho mare day after day at the water. Onst she jumped finely ; the Captain niado a brook close by our cabin, and; is often wid her tliere ; sometimes the jumps and sometimes the won't ; and when sho won't, mella murther I maybe, don't he - larrup her 1 Long lifo to yer honour, but I don't think the maro i lises water at all, at all. And by my troth, there's many a man thinks tho same. Tito devil's luck to him I he's been all over tho / fresh-planted praties and cut thom to smithereens, bad cess to, him ; but av course, Leiftenant, ye won't tell on a poor boy, moro '? betoken os lie is after doing yer honour a little sarvice. I wouldn't ' give a handful of prayers for my Ufo if he found me out ; for sorra a one knows tho Captain botter than myself, death to his sowl. : Teur-nn'-ages ! ho's a terriblo bad man cntiroly, entirely, ls the ¡ Captain. Tho top of tho moniin, and long lifo to yer honour,' said tho gossoon, ns tho sergeant lcd him away, pocketing half a crown. ' There, Fortescue, what do you think of that Y said his friend, ns they sauntered away to the anteroom for ii soda. ' lt's evident Mad Moll ls not a tip-top water jumper. By Jupiter ! I think you will pull through. Quite fair my giving tho lad half a crown. O'Boonoy's friends have been doing tho same- fair play is a jowol." Somehow tho public at last began to lean towards the English horse. Ho did his work quietly and openly without any attempt at concealment. But what is this excitement in tho barrack yard ? Olllccrs nre rushing to the mess room ; two gentlemen have been driven up there in a car ; Lord Plunger and his friend Bradon havo arrived -they aro old friends of tho -th. ' By Ucorge ! Plunger und Bradon, I'm delighted to see yon,'said tho warmhearted Colonel, hastening in, and endeavouring to mako his sword-belt meet about his somewhat bulky waist. ' I did not tell lite boys I lind written for you both-lunch ready in ten minutes-gloss of sherry first io wet your mouths; Kow Fortes- cue will havo n little good advice. You will ride the last gallop to-morrow morning, Brandon, and gtvo us your opinion ; dammco, I'm so glad to see you both in tile wild west. Hore someone, tell the officer for the dny I won't have another roll call. Obliged to do this kind of thing here, Bradon-never know what's going to happen from ono minuto to another, shooting landlords liku tho devil. Potted Lambert last week, llvo shots in him, and tho only one that did no barm was the one that took him in tho forehead. Best his sowl, as tho Irishmen say, a near escape for him. Lucky dog I Here ls thc sherry.' In this way did the worthy old gentle- man rattlo on. The gallop is over, and Screwdriver has bcon tried at even weights against a good one. George Bradon had thought it better that Fortescuo should rldo his own horse- in the trial, which ho did. 'By Heaven, you've got a clipper. Fortescue I' said tho former, as they pulled up ; ' you don t know how good I de- ceived you all when I told you I had borrowed tills nag to try you. Keep your mouth shut, hermetically scaled, old fellow, and I'll tell you something you will caro to know, lt ls no commoner you have galloped against to-day. Mind, on your life, not a word to your dearest friend. It's my own horse, GUARDSMAN, you havo had a spin with-thc icimtcr of the Grand Silverpool' Tho young man, thus addressed, sut astonished, Uko ono in a dream, at this revelation. ' It's nil old Mason's doing, Fortescue,' said he ; ' ho advised mo to bring him over. I'm off now ; look at that knot of people com- ing over tho hill ; there are soma there who crossed tho Channel yesterday with me, who know my old pet, and I would not havo it blown for a trifle-the horse has been in Ireland for a woek on tho quiet. I'm now across country to Athenry, where Mason is, and has a stablo for him. Tho horse will leave by the lato train to- night for England with a lad: so no ono will be » blt the wiser. My old stud groom will come to your diggings this evening with mo to give you a help. So mt revoir till mess time, when you will see yours truly,' and putting his horse at a five-foot wall, he sent him over, hurling tho loose stones behind him in a cloud, and was quickly out of sight. ' So your friend has gone,' Bald tho gallant old Colonel, ns For- tescue walked his horso up to a host of his brother otlicors and friends assemblai in a knot on the hill, amongst which several strangers wcro distinguishable. ' Yes, replied Fortescue, carelessly ; ' he will bo with us at mess. Hero, take tho horse home, Forester'-to his man; 'see no ono comes near him.' ' That's a horso to back,' said a sly-looking little mnn in a large drab overcoat, and coming up to Fortescue he whispered quietly to him : ' I'm on your nng for a plumper. I keep my own counsel and shall not spilt. I never como except with a rush nt tho last minute My glasses are good. You've had a spin with tho best cross-country horse in Europe. Clever and fast aa that nag is, ho can't glvo you seven pounds. You ran him to a length or two. I know Georgo Bradon and Giiarrfumaii well. I've won a pot full of nicnoy on thom. before. Thore, don't look scared ; you are a youngster ; sit well down on Screwdriver, hold him together, don't glvo ii lead over thc mtier, and you will land him a winuer. I know moro than you tldnk, but for my own sake I'm MUM.' (Tobe continued. 