n.m"vn a i>< \r\ (prom ouk correspondent.! January 7. — It is soino time sinco I Inst com- municutnd with yon, and that lov two reasons, i and thoso the very liust, in my linmblo opinion, that I or anyone in the position of a corres- pondent could lind, viz. : — First, nothing worth recording has transpired; second, want of lime on my own part, But ns I havo now taken up my pen, I may just ns well state any little matter that has occurred late!',. Well, with regard to the eloetion — it is nil over, and the Hon. W. Forster is ALB. for Gnndaroo, as well as Qtieanhevun. We had a strong contest bore in t.ho few votes polled, each party for his own candidate, and now that the election is over, although I heliovo -Mr. Campbell might have made a good mouther, we havo returned a tried man. With regard to tlio statements made by mo that the local public school hoard had recom- j mondeit the Council of Kdncation to call for the opinions of all the school hoards throughout tlio colony with regard to their opinions respecting compulsory education, with the view of recom mending it to Parliament if they found it desired by tlio hoards as representatives of the country, the following reply has been rceoivod : — "Council of Fduculion Oliico, Sydney, 3rd Jnnunry, LS70. Sir, — I have tlio honour, In direction of tlio Council of Education, to acknow ledge tlio receipt of your letter, dated 20th December ultimo, notifying a resolution of the Gnndaroo local school committee to the ell'cct that the Council should ho recommended to coin- nninieato with all tlio local school hoards throughout llto colony, with the view of ascer taining their opinions as to tlio advisability of rendering education compulsory. In reply, i am instructed to state that the Council will give due consideration to tlio suggestion of tlio loeal committee. — I have the honour, iS-e., II. E. Wiuistkk, Acting-Socrotary. W. Allleek, Esq., Hon. Secretary Local School Committee, Gun- duro." As an individual, I 'havo for many years boon an advocate for compulsory education, and havo always said the present Public Schools Act would never I >0 complete until that was made a part of it. It is with very great dilliculty tlio required number is got lor the public school here, while, if compulsory education was enforced, there might he a regular daily average attendance of about- forty. However, I am glad to see it is not only gaining ground in the colony, hut even in England. Hands havo been very scarco for harvesting this year, although tlicy are now becoming sufliciontly numerous. We had a heavy fall of rain on Saturday and Sunday last, which, although it did no good to the wheat crop, proved of immense honclit to potatoes and corn, liust has caused great havoc here in somo of the wheat crops, indeed, a considerable quantity of the wheat is scarcely worth reaping. Accident. — On Friday morning, Mr. A. F. Rcunnington met with a serious aecidout. As lio was about to start on a liorso belonging to Mr. ilannam, of Cooradigboo, to go into Samp son's paddock to fetch lip his own horse, ho was thrown violently, close to the yard gato of Mr. ColU's Commercial Hotel. r>y his fall ho sus tained severe injury to his face and jaw. Dr. O'Connor dressed the wounds, and wo aro glad : to st.ato that though the accident was ono of a j vory ugly nature Mr. Romniingt.on was ahlo to start shortly afterwards for Murriinihurrah. Alteration or Stages on the Guniiaoai Road. — Messrs. Cobb and Co. have entered into ar rangements with the Messrs. Looines, for estab lishing a stage at tlio Two-mile Creek, near Downing. As soon as tho necessary stabling is orcctcd, wo boliuvo the alt-oration will heolfoctod. Fatal Accident at Kangiakoo. — Scalded to Death. — Wo have hoard of a most sad accident which terminated fatuity, last Sunday, at ono of Mr. N. R. llcsuard's out-stations at Kungiaroo. On Saturday a littlo child of ono of tlio above named gontloman's shepherds managed to fall into a pot of scalding liquor, in which meat lmd boon boiled. Of course, the poor littlo thing's agonies were iiitonse, mercifully terminated, however, by death on tlio following day. To the unfortunate father, who is a widower, this sad calamity is hut ono of a long sorios o( domestic misfortunos which havo recently befallen him. Wo shall probably have fuller particulars in our next issuo respecting this melancholy all'air. Accidental Drowning. — Dr. Blako, tho district coroner, hold an inquest last evening at Air. Carpenter's, White liorso llotol, Yass, on tho body of Phceho Can-oil. 'I lie following evidence was takon : — Edward Carroll deposed : I mil a half-caste; am a labourer : am in no employment; at present; uhout ton o'clock yosterday morning I was on the top of a hill on this sido of tlio Murrumbidgeo River nnd saw deceased bathing; I saw my little hoy go into tho rivor, and heard him say "Come to nio, Saruh ;" lie caught hold of docoased ; I wont up to wfroro they were ; I saw two men looking for her in the wutor; about live o'clock yesterday ovoning they got her tip out ol tho river; sho was dead; I saw her taken up out of tho wutor. Dr. Campbell doposod : 1 havo examined tlio body on which this inquest lias linen held. It is free from any bruises, wounds, or any marks of violence ; bloody sanies is exuding from both nostrils and mouth , the under jaw is lormlv set; and the tip ol the tongue is 'protruding lietween tlio tnetli ol I he upper nnd lower jaws ; I have no doubt hut deceased came by her death by suffocation Ironi drowning. In accordance with the inedie.il evidence tlio jury roiurucd a verdict ol accidental drowning. Cricket. — A meeting of the Union Club was held at tlio committee rooms, Colls' s Commercial Hotel, on Saturday ovoning. There was a large attendance of members. The business ol the meeting was the arrangement ol matches with Giniiiderra and Burrowa. The secretary read letters Ironi both places, rlie one Irouioiiiinderra expressing a desire to play a ret urn match with Yass at Giniiiderra on the 2'itli iust., or an\ day previous to that date; the letter Irum' Burrowa was a challenge to play a match at A. ass on Anniversary Day. Tlio latter challenge was accepted, and it was alsu decided to play tiiuin- dorra on Saturday, tlio 22nd instant. 'J lie fol lowing eleven were then chosen to go to Cinin- derra : — Messrs. Wood, Douglas, Me.latuiet t, Down, Tempo-t, .lackey, R. Rutherford, Harper, Hart, I'embrnnke, and Rowley. Emergency men — Messrs. Gonlon and J. Rutherford; umpire, .Mr. J. Wood ; scorer, Air. .T. Barry. Tin: Road to the Cemeteries. — On Friday last a meeting of tno committee of the fund lor tho repair of tlio above road, was held at the Court house, Yass. The Rev. Father Duig.-iu occupied the c-liair. Tho business consisted in passing two resolutions : 0110 to the ell'ect that, tenders sliould he called for the construction of a portion oft, lie road from the corner of Hut ton and Rossi streets to the cemetery, in accordance with the plan and specifications that had boon kindly supplied by Mr. Meldrum, tlio work to he com pleted within two months from the date ol tlio acceptance of the tender, and to ho taken with tho understanding that prison labour (to tho nvlolif. r»l' wiv tnnti\ ic In rirft vii I ml 1)V till! C'OITI- mir.tou. The advertisement calling for tenders appears in another column. 1?- the other reso lution tlio committee authorised -Mr. Fitzgerald to provide the temporary warder necessary lor tho surveillance of t lio prisoners employed. The treasurer (Mr. M uikiutosh) reported the funds in hand to amount to £41 His. Mr. Mohlruui s valuation of the requisite work is LIS." Ins. The Rev. Father Dnigau stala-d that he had made arrangements for having a church collection 111 aid of t.ho fund 011 .Sunday, the 2.'!rd inst. The meeting then adjourned until the 111th inst. The Weather and the Citors. — The weather continues excessively lmt. Oil Saturday tho thermometer stood tit. 12!) 0 at noon. Most of the farmers in tho (list riot are bu«y threshing. Hands are still scared, though not quite so 111110.I1 so as a few weeks hack. Rust, has done consider able damage in the Guild. iron district, largo quantities of tho wheat, it is said, not being worth reaping. Presentation. — On Rut unlay last. Dr. Yoiing- . son, t he former owner of t.lin Woolgarlo propert y, | returned to Yass from Sydney, and nil the same ! evening presented .Mr. J. Harper, of Pass, with ; 11 vory hand-anno silver lever watch, capped and : jewelled. The watch was presented as 11 mark ; of esteem and in return for some slight- attention paid by Mr. Harper to Dr. Yotmgson during tho recent illness of tho latter. The kindly feeling which prompted the prosonb is worthy of com- lncncation. A Lucky Escape. — On Friday afternoon last, at about, live o'clock, one of the children of Mr. Alt, of the Yass Hotel, had a most fortunate escape from what might havo proved a very serious accident. Tho child (.lames Alt, who is j about live years old! it. appears was climbing a ladder winch was resting against tlio woeden partition wall between his father's property and that of Mr. Jackson, when he fell nil' from the top rundlo to the ground. .The hoy was com pletely stunned by tho fall, and remained in an insensiblo state for several hours. Jlo is now, liowevor, quite recovered. Fl 1. reuts. — Th" hazel trees in Mr. Tate's garden on the Murruinbidgro havo this year borne heavy crops of lints. There arc two varieties, samples of which have been brought | to our ollieo. One is the common hazel, on | which the nuts grow- in clusters; on the other the fruit grows singly. Tlio nuts arc sound and well-tasted. Oitich Calendar for 1870. — Mr. J. Sands, of Sydney lias issued one of the most handsome office calendars for the present year which we remember to have seen. It is printed on Bristol hoard, in gold, red, blue, green, and black, and the design is elaborate and chaste. It will prove as ornamental as it is useful to any couniingr house or office. PHOTOGRAPHY.—We hear that Mr. Kembel is likely to return from Sydney in the course of a few weeks with the necessary apparatus for starting in business as a photographic artist. New Weekly Newspaper.—Up to Saturday last tho Sydney press has failed to issue a weekly journal at- all comparable to some of these pub- lished in Melbourne, and made up principally from the type of certain daily papers. The Empire discontinued its weekly publication at the end of the year, and on Saturday last issued the first number of tho Australian Town and Country Journal. It is a thirtv-two page paper, and its contents aro varied and interesting-, he- sides which there are numerous illustrations. There can scarcely ho a doubt, that it will de- mand sufficient, support to give it a lasting plueo amongst New South Wales newspapers, and that it will continue to desorvo such can ho safely predicted from the perusal of oven its first issue. The clumsy shape in which the weekly news- papers have hitherto been issued Irom the offices of tho two Sydney daily papers has in this in stance been avoided, by reducing tho size and increasing tlio number of n.-i-'os. The Mui.i.iox Quartz-reefs. — AVo were shown yosterday at Mr. Elliot's. Cooina-stroct. a speci men from the Mullion, which, without don I it. is highly auriferous. It was obtained six I'cct from the surface, and from its appearance must liuv been a portion of the crown of the reel'. If stone iu quantity can lie obtained similar t.o it, tho reef ought to rank ainonast the pacing ones. A h'Ustt near Greneei.l. — We aro net in a position to state positively that golrl has been found in large quantities at tlio rumoured rush near Emu Creek, hut- thorn aro reports living about that something very rich has been struck at AVuf son's dam, about two miles from Gren- fell. it is said that all the works at Groul'ell are stopped for the time being, and that all available hands aro away at the rush, shepherding claims. Cattle Stealing. — Michael Shoo'dy was brought before tlio Police Court, Young, 011 Wednesday and Friday last, to answer to a charge ol cattle stealing. 'J'lio live bullocks alleged to have been stolen aro the property of Samuel AYells, a farmer at Back Crock, near AYotnbat. Evidence was taken at cnnsideratile length, when the case was adjourned for fourteen days, and the prisoner admitted to hail, himself in £-10, and two sureties in £20 each. Ethiopian Entertainment.— Air. J. AL Foans, after a lapso of several joars, has returned to Yass, and to- night gives 1111 entertain mont at. tho Yass Hotel. On his former visit Air. Foans acquitted himself creditably, nnd wo hope I10 will he well patronised on tho present occasion. The Gold-pi elds. — Additional Regulations. — His Excellency the Governor having beon pleased to approvo of the following additional regulations with respect to the issuo ol'leasos for gold-mining 011 Church and School lands, the same are pub lished in last Friday's Ciraellc for genoral informa tion : — Lease of Church and School Lands for G ild Alining Purposes. — 1. Tlio regulations dated 21st August, 1808, aro hereby repealed. 2. Leases for gold mining on Church and School hinds may in future bo obtained by application in like muunor, aud will bo grautod eubjuot to tho uoveral terms and conditions applicable undor tho regu lations in force for the lime being to leases of auriferous tnu-ts of Crown land. 3. Tlio Gold Commissioner of tlio dist.net will deal with such applications as with applications of tho character hist mentioned, and lie empowered to authorise theoccupaticn oftho huid.iltei-lliu application shall havehoeii forwarded by him with his recommenda tion fur the approval ot the alii lis tor for Rands; hut no person will ho at liberty to commence oper ations until such approval shall have been duly nelilied. -1. Existing authorised holdings on Church and School lands may lie converted into leases by application to tho Commissioner in manner above indicated, hut the preliminary marking required in other cases will not ho necessary. 5. No other mode ol occupation for gold-mining than that here provided for will he permitted on Church aud School lands; and any person found mining 01- otherwise occupying without tho requisite permission, will ho prose cuted for trespass as upon private proport.y. 6. All moneys received for leases of Church aud School laud" are to he separately accounted for. Meltings of Creditors. — On Friday, 14th January, Charles Auiedcu Soignies, third meeting, at Wagga Wagga, at 11 a.m. ; John Clurk, third meeting, at Wagga Wagga, at 11 30. Exceriwa. — The English champions gave long distances to the colonial podestrains in tho handicap Ihr last Saturday's loot races in Alel- tiourne. On the lit h inst., tiiu crieket'match, the Flying Squadron v. Ta- miaiiia, one innings, was won by the latter; Admiral Hornby played with tho Squadron team. Mr. Carr's motion in the South Australian Assembly lias been carried in favour of t.lie commercial federation of all tlio Australian colonies, and free interchange of commodities between Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand. .Several deaths by sunstroke aro reported in the Brisbane papers. Tho billowing .Melbourne firms havo called meetings of their creditors : F. G. Kleniin, wine merchant — liabilities, £15,000; Southward and Sumpton, Ballarat — liabilities, £20,01111; Benson Brothers, chemists — acceptance returned dishonoured. Mr. Walter .Montgomery has really left tho colonics at last, and sailed from Sydney for California on a tour he has been I'm- somo timo contemplating. A murder has been commit- ted at Charley's Hill, Fish River Creek, near Bathurst; an old man named John Mulcahy was found dead in the bush, on the 7th instant, with his skull smashed in and at a magisterial in- quiry held by Mr. Marsh, J.P., the finding was willful murder against Martin Long, who is in custody, and now lies in the Bathurst gaol. A young native-born Australian lady, named Kelly, is distinguishing herself at home in England as a culler of cameos. Of her work, eompotont judges state t fiat nothing so good in that class of art has hitherto been known in tlio 'mother country. Church of England. — The Rev. AY. II. Pow- nall.of \"oung, has been appointed to'.the districts of Guiidngni and Tuinnf: and the Rov. F. It. Sc., horn, of Cronkwell, to Young, in tlio room of Air. Powuull. — (irndhurn Herald. The Crops. — The grain crops of Victoria nro reported to he tlio best, that liavo beon gurnorcii (in- years. The partial appearance of rust generated some alarm at certain stages of growth, hut vory littlo harm has been sustained. Tho prospects of our South Australian friends havo a gloomy tinge. It is thought, that tlio crops will not, come up to tho average, while in many oftho interior districts the yield per acre will ho very thin. The reports from the Alon lit Gamhicr dis tricts aro more favourable. Tito agricultural prospects of Queensland aro promising, hut tlio black caterpillar Iris made considerable ravages in Tasmania. Mr. Ebcnezor Slioolu-idgo, an eminent practical farmer, near lloburt Town, reports the success of a neighbour in a very .simple mid eli'eetuai plan for keeping grubs from his barley : Alter mowing n land of the corn, lie ploughed and harrowed the earth quito fine, and set. it, tip into high ridges ; tho grubs at- tempt mg to cross roll ilown into tlio Hollows, and the sun in a short time kills them. Bushels have thus been (lest roved, and he has saved Ilia barley. There is no telling the season when a like mlliclion may visit tliu crops in Nc.v South Wales, and the hint above given is worthy of being kept green in the memory of tho settlor.— L'i r.j.irc. a Roy.m. Duke and AIeliiournk Criticism. — That nmiuhlu busybody, Tom Cringle, Avhu ia a sort of walking edit ion of " Enquire Within upon Everything," lias broken out, 111 a fresh place. Having written to every newspaper upon all subjects, from the eartli- closot to tho visit oftho Flying Squadron, having redressed, or attempt ed t.o redress, every grievance, and taught ovory one his trade from the Chief J 11st ic- down to tho wax-match hoy, AH-. Cringlo comes out in tho character of apologist for tho — well, frugality ol the Duke ol Kdinhurgh, and calumniator of his own fellow-colonists. Ho cuts from tlio summary of the Times of India, of tho 16th October last, tho following p ragraph : — " 'J lio Mi'lh'.sstlilt: bids the people of this country not believe one word the colonial press havo said regarding his Royal iliglmoss's disinclination to pay dhobies and hotel hills. The Royal Duko, we are assured by our contemporary, paid eliuer- lully every penny lie really owed — hut ho dill not seo the joke of allowing hinisell to he fleeced by sharp colonists! Ilcneo all the hubbub." Upon this coimmml.cth "Tom Cringle" thus : : "As this very proper rebuke could only havo emanated from 'authority,' 1 esteem it as a royal Roland in exchange for a democratic Oliver, j Ilow will this suit the colonial pipo?" Having j put the above, mingled with a due modicum of j Barrett s twist,, through our shortest and blackest (Jay so as to ensure a (all flavour, wo must con- ! less to a decided feeling ol nausea. And it seems | to have come about in this wise. As thosmoko j was " weaving its light bine tanglnsiii the sun," ; wo I ell into a reverie, and the whole panorama of ; the Princes lii\\-L visit passed before our mind'9 eye. Wo saw tho processions, tho triumphal , arches, tile flags and banners waving over ovory \- housetop oven to t he meanest, ; we behold Mel- ! lioiiruo resplendent 113- day and gorgeous by night, every conceivable device to display ox- uboranee 01 loyalty, hospitality the most profuse, at every stage ol the royal progress. Ono balanco held goal trowels, nuggets of pure gold, handsful ol pure gold-dust, gems, jewellery, horses, enr- ! riages, f.i rs, beasts and birds, and wo know 1106 ; what besides. These were tho presents of tho Sheba ot the South to young Solomon upon his | visit. In tho other were a vast pilo of lottors of ; acknowledgment, half a dozen rings less in number and valuu than those which sparklo on tho royal lingers, a scurf pin or two, and a tum bled mass ol bonnets, and other feminine npparol. The first scale was 011 tho ground, tho other as high in tho air ns tho beam could go; and out of tlio lirst scale there peeped a number of un liquidated accounts, in which tho item brandy and soda was alarmingly frequent. AVith double spiritist power wo glanced through tho wholo of Air. Knight s bulky tonic, and tho entire press of tho period; hut instance of tlio Royal Duke I having been 'Mloeood by sharp colonists," there j was none. AVo Hiiiiinionod Mossrs. Snqui and | Solomon-Thompson to mil- counsels. Thoy pro- j duced their betting-hooks, and tho Duko stood as 11 large creditor. AVo politely roquostnd tho hi von r ol tic-all Iron tho Chief Commissioner of Police, who, courteously acceding to tho invita tion, with his blandest smilo assured ns that lecher Alfred was tho most prudont of young men in the distribution of his Royal mother's miniature likenesses, nnd that if ho over dis played extravagance, it was only when a lady was in tho easo. From tho countonmico of tha great F. C. S., and tho hall-injured look ho wore. I it, scorned 10 us that ho deemed Royal cub-lend ing an occupation more troublesome than profit able. Somo other scenes flitted before us, hut being somewhat hazy as soon by tho glare of lamps great ly befogged by unlimited cigar smoke, nnd indistinct by reason of tho wa' ing of inul- 1 titudiuoua " tresses uncoiifinod," tboy need not ' ho set down here. Tlicso fragments of n day and 1 clay dream, wo present, with our compliments, I to Air, Cringle aud tho Mofussililc , and an ossur nnco that as fur as Victoria and tho Pifinco woro concerned, tho rocipioncy was all on ono sido. So much for tho Royal Roland for tho domocrntic Oliver. Democracy, however, would groatly like to soo a balance sheet showing tho oxpondituro of the £3500 voted by tho British Parliament. Perhaps Tom Cringle's friend "Rogors," of tho . Colonial Office, could furnish tho requirod items. —Daily lelearanh. The Adventures op a RaUehorse. — Tho noted racehorse AVarhawk, stolon from Mr. T. Iloskins's paddock at Salisbury somo oightoon'firioiitlis ago, "It S1" keurd of at tho Bnluuo, Queensland, where it is said ho hns won sovoral races undor the name of "Tho New England Stranger," has found his way back again in a somowhat remark - ablo manner. Ho was bought out of tho Inveroll pound and resold to Air. A. Olivor, who brought him to Armidalo. On tho 27th ult., Warhnwk was rocognised on tho racocourso as tho long- lost rocor, and Mr. Olivor immediately wrote to Mr. Hoskins, apprising liiin of tho discovory. On that gentleman's arrival in town, there OTlRllMfl n. milfllill nnnnnn !l . and borso. — icLUf-ujuiuu UUu VY vJUIl miistor, Armidala rVolpnrniih.. Wheat Prospects. — Brendstufls havo boon dull, but rather firmer, owing to a riso at AIol- bonrno being likely to divert tho first of the South Australian crop to that markot, undourstoek being light. Sulcs of mill flour have boon made at £12 to £12 10s. ; Adelaide, £12 to £13. Now colonial whoat, of a very inforior quality, has como to hand, and brought a nominal firmro. ArininiHa old wheat is worth 5s. 4d. to 5s. 6d.— -S. M. Herald. T he Coach Accident near Tarcutta.— The following, from tho Wagga Wagga Express, is a lullor account of tho late coach accident at tho Six-mile Crook, to which we briefly roforrod in our last issue : — A vory serious coach accidont, resulting in the drowning of two horses and the vory narrow oscapo of tho driver and a passenger from tho same fate, occurrod to tho Tarcutta and Albury conch at Six-mile Creek, on Tuosdoy, tho 4th iust. The coach left Tarcutta at tho usual hour, carrying, besides the driver (Martin Tyrrall), a quantity of luggugo and ono passongor, named William Carr, a into resident of Wagga Wagga, and well known about horo as a pedestrian of somo powers. Tyrrall is a care ful and experienced driver, but was new to tho road, and upon his arrival at tho croak, thinking the crossing was snfo, ho drovo his horses down it and plunged into tho stream. The rains of the previous day had, howovor, swollen the creek considerably, and tho horses had no sooner got well into tho stream than they woro swept off their logs by tho force of tho current. The coach swerved round and got into deep wutor also, and with the boiling, foaming current surging angrily around it, tliroatonod every moment to capsizo. Most of tho luggugo within foil or floated out. and for somo time the lives of both driver and pnssengor woro very groatly im perilled. Fortunately for them, tho horsos partly strugglod and were partially washed into shallow water, but both ovontually lost their footing, and with their doad weight helped to anchor and steady tho coach. ' Carr and tho driver jumpod out, and manfully endeavoured to save tho horsos, but tho current was fearfully strong, and all their oflorts proving unavailing, and Carr himself temporarily loosing his footii"g and mooting with a vory narrow oscapo from drowning, tho attempt was abandoned, and the two mon, drenched to the skin, struggled out of the wator and loft tho horses to their fato. Tho coach fell ovor and got bumpod and smashed into a perfect wreck, and the two horsos, helpless and encumbered with harness, woro speodily drowned. Carr lost all his luggage, and a good deal ol othor proporty was also washed away. Tuesday boing a non-postal day, fortunatoly no mails wore lost. Carr returned to Tarcutta, but tho driver, desiring to provont any interruption in tho mnil servico, pushed on for Kiumba to meet and bring back tho return conch. Before starting, lie took his boots ofl'to get rid of tho wntor in thorn, and once ofF, ho found it, in their wot condition, impossible to got them on nmiin. Nothing daunted, ho trudged away, and after walking seventeen milas with bare feet, mot tho coach ut tho Billnbong, and taking the driver's place returned with it to Tarcutta. None of tho lost luggngo and effects havo, wo understand, yet boon recovered. Tho accidont, it should bo romomborcd, occurred on tho southern lino of road, tho main artery of communication between Sydiipy and Molbourne. How is it that this very dangerous creek is not bridged ? A Running Match tor Ladies.— An exciting ladies foot raco took place at Morimbula on Boxing Day between Mrs. Piorco, Mrs. Shafor, Miss Hnckott, and sovoral other ladies, distance 100 yards, the winner to rocoivo a gold brooch. Mr. A. K. Pago officiated as startor, and Mr. R. Bock as judge. At tho start, Mrs. Piorco and Miss Emma Ilackott took tho load, Mrs. Shafor next, till about halfway home, whon tho raco was evidently botwoon Mrs. Piorco nnd Miss Emma Hackott, at about twouty yards from the winnin post, Airs. Piorco put on a spurt and camo in an easy winner, amidst tho loud chcors of spectators. — b. M. Herald. The Kiama Ghost.— Tho following is from tho Jtiama Pilot; — Ono night last week, a young man was coming from Shoalhavon, whon he boheld what ho believes was a ghost, or something vory like one On crossing Mount Pleasant, Ho was ridmg 1 018 u rely along, the night boing dark, but sufficiently light to enablo him to discern objects, when, without any previous intimation, Ins horse started at somothing. Simultaneously, a strnngo noise was hoard, and on looking down to the side of tho road bo boheld tho spectre. The head was only visible, and ho describes it as being lurgor in size than a cow's. Tho oars woro as long as a person's arm, whilo tho oves apponrod as largo as u man's fist, and kept wh'irling round and round. Tho horse immediately started, and did not halt till near Kiama. "Wo havo boen in- iormod that another itidividunlobsorved something startling ono Sunday night, not long ago, about tho small hours. Ho was returning homo, and when botwoon Afount Ploasant and Kiama, a creature in the form of a man, about six foot in height, with black stripes down each of his legs, and munis a head, made its appoaranco very near his horse s bead. Tho individual looked at it, and continued his course, but sovoral tiinos ho noticod it following him at a brisk paco. Ho immediately put spurs to his horse, and tho ghost taking tho hint quickonod his paco. They raced lor some distanco, whon suddenly tho spoctro "vanished into thin air." Such uro the cir cumstances as related to lis. "Wo refrain from giving any opinion on tho matter. They woro related to us in all sincerity on tho night of tho occurrence, and tho witness was vory nervous, and "all of a shako." Ecclesiastical News. — Church mattors m Vic toria uro attracting more than usual attention just now. Lastyoar at this time thore woro rumours of an impending; rupture botwoen tho Ritualistic clorgy and thoir Bishop, and wo were told that thoro would be scenes in tho Church Assombly ; but the session, novertholoss, passod quietly, if not tamely. Tho explosive forces liavo, sinco thon, been gathering strongth, and tho Bishop appears to havo actually put tho match to tho fuso bv serving ono of tho Ritualists with notice to quit. This gentleman, liko most of tho " high" clorev is a very indefatigable labourer in tho promotTon of Episcopacy, nftorliis views, in his neighbour hood, and is, on that account, much respected. HV£.Yor' y kltJs a deacon's licenso, and as the Bishop refusos to " priest " him, so ho also declines to allow tho parish to remain longer uuaer tho charge of a doncon. ITonco a great crv hns boon raised, and the organ of tho High Church party comos out with a strong articlo on "Tho doom of the good deacon. " In the meantime tho Bonn of Molbourne is, to tho horror of tho samo High Church party, found consorting with dis senters in one of the unitod mootings for pravor Which are being hold throughout this week in accordance with tho praotico of tho English Evan gelical Alliance; while "a ritualistic clergyman rushes into print to assure tho public that it was not ho but somobody olso of his name that offered prayerata "mooting-houso " connectod with tho "so-called " Evangelical Alliance. As tho Church Assombly will shortly ho in session, wo may oxpoct to soo a short strugglo botwoon tho Evan gelicals and tho advocates of sucordotulism. — Melbourne Herald. The Bushmen's Home AIovement at Adelaide. — On Monday, 20th Docombor last, at a public mooting held in Adolnido, and presided over by the Arayor, tho honorary secretary, AH. Henry Hitssoy, road a report by which it appeared that tho movemont was bogun on tho 30th Docombor, 18G8. A committee was then appointed, and had received contributions to tho amount of £040 lis. 8d. from 1007 persons on 117 stations and 18 shcopownors. They required £3000 for tbo erection of a suitablo Homo, and now ap pealed to tho public of Adolaido for holp. Tho cause was advocated by tho Bishop of Adolaido, Air. J. II. Angas, and sovoral othor spoakors, with groat zoal. Ono of thoso speakers was ""William," tho bush missionary, a well- known travellor in South Australia, who guvo a vory graphic, description of tho loss niul misery often incurred by bushmon for want of somo such institution. With rcfercnco to tho schomo undor consideration, ho said, " I bog to state that in conjunction with my regular evangelising work I havo been collecting information and maturing ft plan to remedy somo of tho existing ovils in tho btish. This plan having assumed a finite form, I havo beon lnttcrly obtaining signatures and raising subscriptions towards tbo object. In doing nil this, I havo well traversed tho colony , of South Australia. Aly journeys havo oxtondod moro than onco as far west as tho Groat Aus tralian Bight; beyond Mount Alargarct to tho north-west ; Lako Hopo to tho north ; Barrior Rangos to tho north-oast ; parts of tho Darling and Alurray rivors, Yorke's Peninsula, Capo Jervis, south; purts of the south-east, Gawlcr Ranges, mid Western Plains — travelling a dis tanco of ovor 19,000 miles (on foot) ; and whenever I had an opportunity I brought tho claims of such a Home ns tho ono proposed beforo tbo people, invited discussion, and en larged upon tbo contemplated rules and regula tions : also tbo necessity of forming a Bushmen's Friendly Society, and tho mndo of conducting tho Homo— tho details of which I will not now tnko up tho valuablo tiino of this mooting to recapitulate. I may remark that all tlieso mattors lmvo lately boen rondorod moro familiar to tho bush population anil otliors by tho distri bution of a largo numbor of prospoctusos, addresses, advertisements, &c.;" Ho had tho names of 500 working men in addition to tbo 1007 who hail subscribed to tho institution. Resolutions in support, of tho proposed institu tion wore unanimously carried, and tho names of sovoral influential members of the community, including tho Hon. J. IT. Barrow and N. Blyth, Esq., woro added to tho cominittoc. IIolloway's Ointment and Pills.— A Cure for Abscesses, Tilos, Fistula, and Soros of every description. — Tho vory satisfactory results arising from tho uso of this iuvaluiihlo ointment, when the patients have hcon suffering-' from any of tho aljovo disorders, lmvo' induced' tho mudical prolbssion to introduce it into tho hospitals and their privato practice, and in many instaneos wliero tlio sull'uror was considered incurable, IIolloway's ointment, in conjunction with his pills, honied tho most dospcruto eases. Thoy aro also unoqunllcd for tho euro of scrofula, scurvy, and all diseases of tho skin, and the euros thoy effect aro not temporary or imperfect, for by thoir purifying powors thoy bring about a marvellous and most bonolicinl cliaugo in tho wliolo svstom, nnd onnblo it, with renovated powers, to resist the approach of all future attacks of tho same disenso. 