EXIRAORDINARr SPIRITUAL PHENOMENA. We learri from mi article in the * Queen ? that the Earl of Diinravcn and Lord A£are have printed for private circulation a volume of considerable size, containing fifty-six care fully prepared reports of as many sittings with Mr Home, the celebrated medium. The Earl of Dunraven introduces these reports with a preface, in which he states thai he went to the investigation completely' sceptical, and left it completely convinced. 1 he investigations were made at Dunrareii Castle and at Lord Dunraven's mansion, in London. They were thus made where only such an examination would he of any value — in the house of the examiner, where he mav be positively secured against the possibiHty of imposture l\y pre-nrrangement of mechanism. Their reports are said to be very remarkable. Both attest to having seen Mr Home ivii-ed from the floor aiuJ carried round the room more than once, in their own salons, with none present but s iuw personal friends, and therefore making collusion impossible, and precluding thr common explanation of delusion bv tlu }-iesenct- of six witnesses io the same fact at the samo moment. They certify not merely I to bavin*; seen. l»ut lo having measured, an ] expansion of Mr Home's body by 6 in.- in i height. They have seen him carry live coals ' in his hand and on his head, his skin I.eing unburiii a:id his hair unsinged, though them selves could not. touch the coal without a burn. These are alleged to be material i facts about which there can be no mistake. 15ut the noble lords describe more, which is not capable of demonstrative power, because it may be a subjective and not sn objective operation ; that is to say, the image m&y; be in the mind only, and not actually existiag without. But, howsoever to be explained, both assert ihat they have repeatedlv seen spirit, i'orins in their room. They describe them as being extremely shadowy, rather out lines than shapes, and therefore (lie psychologist may be excused for setting them to the acconnt of ' the. mind'g eye ' instead of the body's eye. Th s, observes the writer of the article referred to, is .i common and a verv probable result of the adoption of the Spiritualist view of the phenomena that undoubtedly occur ; seeing unaccountable j motions, and hearing inexplicable sounds that do communicate something that is intelligible, though not always intelligent, the majority of ! spectators, unable to find a ready solution in physiology, at ojice set them to the account of spirits — which is a convenient solution, for it will account for anything. Profoundly convinced that a!l is the work of spirits, it is not surprising that they should expect to catch sosne glimpses of the. invisible, beings whom thev believe to bs moving about them, i They strain their eyes to see. The wish is j fitlier to the thought. By an every -day j tendency of the mind to think it sees what ir expects to see, images really formed in the mind and existing only there, are readily supposed to be, and to th'.*. individual rea'iy appear to be, external objects ; and thus, as ghosts are seen by those who believe and fear, so spirits *re seen by those v--lio, firmiy believing them to he there, in fact hope, and purbaj-s expect to ?ee them ihfire ; and \vh--n supposed to he seen, the description always given of a dim outline or shadow, somewhat indistinct, betrays at once the true nature ©f the vision ; it is within, . and not without. But ail of this conjoint prociueHon of Lords Dunraven and Adai-e should be read, if only as psychical curiosities, and as demonstrating that it is not altogether an imposture or a delusion, and th=»t there is some substantial truth at the bottom of a great superstructure ' of imagination which it behoves the scientific world, and above all the physiologist, to inve.Krio-etA for Jiimsftlf. Ax Inventive People. — Yankee origina lity is universal and ubiquitous, 14 thou sand patents will, it ia estiipp-ted, be granted by the United States office this year, and two applications are rejected for every one granted. Over forty thousand specifications lodged in j a year and this in the States only 1 Take up \ the patent journals of any country in the ; world, and you will find a good precentage of i inventions Gf American origin. One man \ claimed protection for the application of the ? Lord's Prayer, repeated in a loud voice, to j cure stammering ; another opplie.d for the ? envied parchment on behalf of anew and use- j Ail attachment of a weight to a cow's tail to prevent her ^witching it during the milking operation ; another proposed to cure worms by fishing for them with a delicate line and tiny hook, h»ited with a seductive, pill ; while a lady patented a hair-crimpiug pin, which she specified might also l-e used »s a paper cutter, as a skirt ♦supporter, a child's pin, » bouquet holder, a shawl fastener, or as a. book inarK. l nese were cases ciim uy «ir x1 issuer, a commissioner in the patent office, in an address to the American Institute. Since this was delivered we have read of patents for a ' horse-refresher '? (a hollow bit, with holes, and connected bv a flexible tube with a water reser^'or iu the vehicle, so that tha driver can give, his animal a drink without stopping), and a luxurious contrivance, called ' The; Snorer's Friend,' a device to be attached to church pew backs, to form a comfortable head rest, enabling the owner to sleep through the dullest sermon in peace and quietness. Green Peas, we. are told, w»-.re selling in Philadelphia in February at 2^1. a-pieee. ?Joji \tfen mu^fr expect all outside the States to be more than ordinary verdant to believe thi« announcement. In the House of Representatives, on Feb. 1 5, a resolution was adopts.!, callin? on the President for the information in hi* possession relative to American citizens confined in British prisons as alleged Fenians, and their treatnoent. Settlements ar.alsgous to that which raised little birds in England ,to the honourable position of the fanner's best friends. The new versio^of the small birds story is that i the planters of ?-inc?.yore have found killing tigers lo be'the forerunner of an increase, of wild hogs, which destroy the erops~ One. Kuglish' planter lias therefore, we r-re informed become- a protector of tigers, to restore the balar.ee. At :i Spiritual Circle the other evening, 'a gentleman requested the medium to ask what amusement, was most popular in the spiritual world* t'ihe reply was. ' Rending our own obituary notices.' 