AT LAST. Önrjv.nlnotcon to-morrow !-So young it is hard to dio ; Only nineteen I-In anguish, I'vo trebled my father's years i 'Tis the old, old talo, llttlo Mary-a mooting a lovo nnd a Ile, That lurod mo on to sorrow, and drown'd lifo's light in tears. Strnngely ls fanoy working, till oven this wrotched room ' Scorns to mc Uko tho shady arbour, whoro wo sat in the day of old. . . ? ? . Till tho nightingale sang in tho treo tops, and tho stars poorcd through the gloom, ; And tho sounds of my father's sheop-bolls carno tremulous ovor tho wold. Throw up tho window, Mary-I faint in yonr London air : Oh for tho hreozy moorland-I Bpcak with fast falling breath ; Dying's so bad in London-Oh I if I could dio down thoro, At homo midst tho waving heather-'twould steal half tho sting from death. Sounds, scents, and sights of home aro wandering across my brain Tho low of my father's cattlo, tho gilly-ilowcr bed nt tho mill. Tho church with tho ivied turret I novor shall seo again, Unless ghosts walk in tho nlght-llmo through scenes thoy rc ínombor still. Hark I will you listen, Mary? It is his foot on tho stair, Am I mad ?-No, 'tis ho -I heard 1dm-his foot o'er tho landing passed'; Charlie, my own old darling-I shall not dio in despair ; Kiss mo-I am so happy-I know you would como at last. Charlie 1-You said youllovcd mo. Ali I mo, my weak woman's heart, " When you won that heart but to break it, prido hado mo llvo on in vain, Tears, Charlie ? Nay, I'm happy. Till I dio dear, wo must not part ; Darling I'm very happy-lot mo dream my old dream again ; Bury mo-won't you darling ?-in tho old ohureh-yard at homo, l'lant my grave o'er with pansies-thoy'ro Memory's Howers you said ; You gavo mo somo, Charita, dearest-ero you crossoâ tho Atlantic's foam, And I kopt them all-soo lovo, thoy'ro withered-and darling, I'm nearly dead. Light up tho candles. Marj'-tho night's coming down npaco, Parker, and darker, and darker. Has tho sun gono down in tho west? ' r Cold 'tis, and dark-Cod liolp mo ; I cnn hardly Bee your faco ; And your tnars on my brow aro falling, Hush, darling-God's will is best. 