' < ?;> THE-. / THEATRES. f.-l ' > . " "L'. "' THEATRE ROYAL. On Saturday evening ' 1 Lucia di Lnmmer- mwrif was-presented for tho .second time at the Theatre Royal, "There was an exceed ingly good house. Sigrior Ncri appeared to have recovered fromlns hoarseness/ ana sang tlio music allotted to .Edgardo with taste and feeling. In the "Maladetta" and "Fra Poco" he was singularly successful. Madame- Simonsen was in good voiee, and captivated tho audience by the manner in which she sang the part of the unfortunate heroine. Signor Contini and Signor Doridi were froth happy in tlicir efforts to please. All the artists were often loudly applauded. To-night will bo performed Donizetti's "Lucretia Borgia," m which Miss Lucy Chambers will make lier debut as Maffco Orsini. Gennaro will bo ontrusted to Signor Ncri, 'Signor Dondi will have an opportunity, of showing his excellence in the part of the Duke AJphoriso, while Signor Contini has kindly consented to undertako tlie sufror- dinate_part jof Gubetta. Signora Baratti will appear as'th'e Borgia.' ' Every effort has been used by -tfre management to produce the opera on a scale worthy of its excellence as a musical composition. WESTON'S OPERA HOUSE. . Miss Cleveland inaugurated on Saturday evening, at this pretty bijou theatre, that which promises to be a > very successful dramatic season. A handsome.- -and clean theatre, comfortable seats, a good company, Aiui an excellent piay were oii presented for the delectation of the visitors. Tlie stage is certainly very small, but tho eye soon be came familiar to it, thc'cxcelience of the per formance covering any . deficiencies. Tho comedy presented wes brie just suited to the theatre, and in producing it the directress i has given us a foretaste of her future inten tions. Mr. "T. AY. Robertson's comedy , " Play" was well east and sustained. Though tho piece is characteristic of tliat writer,, crisp in its dialogue, Biibtlc in the sketches' of character, and abounding in sharp epi gram, piquant cynicism, and genuine feeling,! still the individuality of the characters is not so marked as in "Caste" and " Ours." Tho parts of Rosie Fariquehore' and Frank Price, were finely played, by Miss Cleveland and Mr. Jolin Munrb. ' The love scene in the second act is by far tho'.best in the play:' Tlie timidity and irresolution with , which Frank reveals Iris passion for Rosie, and the girlish, innocent, and purely; natural manner in which she avows a mutual affection, were well delineated by - these artistes, though at tirne'3,; the action and., dia- logue seemed to drag. To Mr. Lcathcs must he awarded the palmi- of having dressed and played - the arduous part of tlie Hon. Bruce Fanquehcro in a style, and maniier seldom seen on the Melbourne stage ; a fop of tho old school —still a gentle man — and one who hates your parvenu, but will use him for his purpose— the roward a money payment, hut not allowed on any terms of intimacy. During one portion of the performance thiB clever actor received round upon round of applause, which for a short time stopped the action of the play. Miss Carry . George , was , excellent as Amanda, and greatly contributed to the suc cess of the presentation. Mr. Lawrence was effective in everything but His dress. Though the role of Chevalier- Browne- is an exagge rated, and, to a.ccrtaiu extent, repulsive one, it is absurd . to think that a woman :of Amelia's feeling arid intelligence could feel affection for a man who robs her of her earnings, and then, fry subterfuge, tries his best to rid himself of her. The character, is an incongruous oiie,. -but - much was made out of it by Mr. Lawrence. In the matter of dress; though the Btage English man in Germany is supposed to dress a :1a Harry Arncliffe, iu the ."lin- cqual Match, " in - ' this play - it is completely out of place. To a man of Mr. Lawrence's conscicntiousmtes it is only neces sary to call attention to these matters, to ensure a reformation. Mr. Bodmin Toddcr and Mrs. Kinpeek found very effective repre sentatives in Mr: James Milne and Mrs. Gill. As Toddcr Mr. Milne was comic without effort, but always refined and gentlemanly. Mrs: Gill's part,, though but a small one, was brought into prominence by good acting. The parts of the German officers are caricatures, and but tliat they slightly assist tho plot, might; as well be excised. The " tag " at the conclusion of the play was ovidently from the pen of a local author. It is smartly written, and was received with great ap- plause, the performers, too, being all well received. A new far cq by Mr. J. P. AVoolcr, entitled " A AA'inning. Hazard, con cluded the evening's entertainment. Itisbya long way the smartest piece of its kind seen on the boards of a Melbourne theatre for mariy months. One small matter, which will no doubt be rectified this evening, was the long..'! waits" .between the acts, which once or tivice on Saturday night elicited, dis approbation; r- Taken- all" in all, the season may-be said, and witli truth, to have com mence;!' very, successfully. '< . 1 ; PRINCESS THEATRE. ' This elegant theatre was crowded on, Saturday evening to witness the first pro; ductio'ii in Melbourne of Mr. J. H. Byron's, drama, entitled, "Tlio Lancashire Lass," the plot of whieli we gave on Friday last. The drama, which is of tho sensa tional class, was exceedingly ' well received, and some very effective seeuea occur during its representation. > Miss Rose Evans, who ably sustained the part ;0f Ruth Kirby, the Lancashire Lass, was warmly greeted on her first, appearance on the stage, and liouorcd with frequent applause during tho performance. , bliss Juno as Kato Gar- stone, and Mrs. Grevillc as Fanny Danville, were also well received, as indeed- were all the characters iri the drama.. Mr. Greville made quite a hit iu " A party by. tlie name of Johnson;" and Messrs. Bartlett, as Red- bum ; Claremont, as Danville ; Rogers, as Jelliek j Ireland, as Ned Clayton ; Daniels, - as Spotty ; AVarde,.as Kirby ; and Lewis, as Sergeant Donovan, sustained their parts to the great satisfaction of the audience.: The piece waB . put on the Btage in a very creditable manner, the clever mechanical effects in tlie scene on the river, witli tlie landing stage at Egreinont and moving steam boat, being amongst the best scen'here, and were vociferously applauded. Tlie drama, yhich is a lengthy one, constituted the evening's entertainment, and is likely to have a prolonged run. A Sanhdurst Ghost.— Says tlio Inde pendent : — A few day's since wo stated that several persons in the neighborhood of Golden-square had declared that tliey had seen an apparition ; since then wo have been informed that a number of other persons have stated that on more than one occasion they have sccn- Bomcthmgof a very uiiknown appearance in tho same locality, lit has turned out; however, that the supposed gliost is Tiotlriugclse than a kangaroo which belonged to a person living near the house which was- 'alleged -to bo haunted... The Advertiser takes notice that a party of ghost hunters secreted themselves lately in the house, armed "with Colt's revolvers. After watching some time, one of the party opened a cupboard which had boon previously overlooked, when something white was ob served lying in the bottom, which on being examined, proved to fro a garment of linen, formed like a shroud, painted a ghastly white, arid having a pair of wings at the armholes; which had evidently been placed in concealment to do service when required. Whether it enveloped an aerial form or mortal substance the Advertiser ; leaves it3 readers to determine. On Saturday morning, about eight o'clock, a youth named John Hill, who resides iri Elizabeth-street riorth, and was.employed at the Carron Timber Yards, Flinders-lane, met with a severe accident while at his work. He was clearing up some dust near one of the circular sawB worked on the premises, when he allowed hia arm to get too near tho saw. 