ORIGINAL POETRY. NIGHT IN QUEENSLAND. BY GEORGE VOWLES. As the baby in its bloom Sinks at once to utter gloom, When, upon the breath of day, Upward soars its soul away: So, when sinks the sun from sight, Earth is palled with shades of night; Faintly in the ponent sky, Hardly visible to the eye, Seeming brighter as we gaze Till it bursts into a blaze, Venus, star of love, is seen. Then true lovers to the green Hie them with a merry heart; While athwart the welkin dart, Seldom in a flock, the cranes To their dwelling on the plains, Often now in ærial track Ducks are noticed by their quack: Spend they on like levin flash Whither rivers softly plash; Or to haunts in a lagoon, Where mosquitoes with a tune O'er the lilied waters go With a thirst for blood they know, Who, from ocean lately come, Felt their sting and heard their hum. Then the Pleiades, the adored, By Orion's sheath'd sword. Light the wanderer on his road To his wife and far abode. Bringing God unto the mind In the Southern air we find, Leading us from worldly dross, Link from earth to heaven, a cross. Thither turns. tho weeping maid, When of stalking ghosts afraid, As if she expected aid From Him who with racking pain, Died for man that he should reign After death within the skies Lord, as erst, of Paradise. Slowly from the orient sea Rises Luna gorgeously. Dingoes, as they see her, yell; 'Possums leave their cozy cell: Up the nearest tree they climb, Ravages as great as Time. Lo! one squatting on yon bough— Leaves and bark he eats, I vow. Free selectors! guard your land Well with musket, net, or brand, Else no profit will the soil Yield you for your frequent toil: Soon will they, when hours are late Eat the seeds that vegetate. Greater thief the flying fox; Thousands issue from the rocks, Or from caves, with trees o'ergrown, Where, with bats they live alone. Hark, the curlew!—But from him Rather to the owlet grim, For his notes, as om'nous sound, Fill the mind with grief profound. Now above us, in her pride, See the moon so golden glide. Glorious light! Not vernal beam Could like thee in splendour seem. Bounding from the densest trees Are the timid wallabies. Come they forth to crop the grass, As on beaten paths they pass. Hasting by them, lovely, mute, Is the gentle bandicoot. Nought in there with jarring noise To disturb them in their joys. On thw river only flows, On the wind so freshening blows. Beetles, on their droning wing, With the chirping cricket sing. Frogs upon the silv'ry lake Silence with their discord break. Now below a western wave Venus finds a watery grave. Downward falls the moon in shades, Then each star in order fades, Till the Eastern gates are ope With a hue as bright as Hope; When the warbling lark is heard With the magpie, chattering bird. From his slumber man awakes, Earth its wonted splendour takes, And the day, enthroned anew, Reigns above in heavenly blue. 