GERRINGONG. THE separation meeting advertised for last Friday night, came off at Mr. Hines's, Lan- terrick Hotel, the large room of which was filled. R. Miller, Esq., J.P., was voted to the chair, and opened proceedings in a few remarks upon the object for which the meeting was called, viz., to determine whether or not it was desirable that any alteration should be made with regard to the proposed separation from Kiama. The result of the meeting would, he felt sure, strengthen the position of the Gerringong separationists, that is, the rate- payers of the Gerringong ward of the Kiama Municipal Borough: for the ratepayers were almost to a man in favour of separation,-not more than half-a-dozen, at most being opposed to it. He hoped the subject would be discussed with calmness and deliberation, and that the various speakers throughout would be accor- ded a fair hearing. Alderman Robson said it devolved upon him to break the ice in the present instance; but he could not see the purpose of the meeting at all. Gerringong ratepayers were of one mind, and were anxious for separation from Kiama, as the sentiments contained in their petition for separation, presented some months ago, clearly showed. They were still of that mind, he felt confident, and would prove to the separationists and the country at large that they had minds of their own, and that their judgment was such as would not allow them to shift about from one thing to another at the will and beck of any few interested in- dividuals; neither would they allow them- selves to be dictated to as to what they should or should not do. A meeting, at the request of some fifteen or sixteen persons had been held in Kiama some weeks past for the osten- sible purpose of opposing the separation of the outlying wards. Few except those opposed to separation were present at the meeting, and resolutions to suit themselves had been car- ried; but since that time the principal movers ine affair had changed their ground of ac- tion, and proposed that the municipality should be divided into two, instead of three munici- palities, as proposed and petitioned for by the separationist--one half of the town of Kiama to go with each. This, as he knew well would be the case, was opposed by the Kiama people, and very justly, too. It was also sug- gested by these parties that an alteration should be made in the boundaries of the wards about Saddleback, but all this he looked upon as intended, only to retard separation; and the best thing for the ratepayers to do was to ac- cede to no proposals of alteration whatever, but stick to the terms of their petition, and when granted, if found that an improvement would be effected by certain alterations of boundaries, the desired alterations could be easily made. He quoted from the Municipali- ties Act to show that such adjustment of boundaries could be made at any time. He looked upon the opposition to separation, offered by certain parties,-the late Mayor amongst the rest--as very wrong and unjusti- fiable, and the modifications and alterations proposed by them were intended merely as a net in which to catch the separationists, and afterwards strangle them. The case of Jam- beroo was different to ours, owing to the difference of opinion existing among the peo- ple-two-thirds only of the Jamberoo ratepay- ers being desirous of separation; whereas here the people were unanimous in desiring it. Besides, he could not see what the Jam- beroo separation had to do with Gerringong at all, or why the Minister should confound one with the other, or cause the fate of one to de- pend upon the other. He had hoped that those present would testify by their conduct this evening that they were not to be trifled with, and were determined to have their rights. He begged to move the following resolution:- "That this meeting decline acceding to any alteration of the boundaries of the proposed Gerringong municipal district, other than has been previously agreed upon between the Go- vernment and the ratepayers." Mr. J. Burgess Born, in rising to second the resolution, said that the present circum- stances reminded him of a remarkable instance he observed one day while passing over LondonBridge. In a cage close by he noticed, quite contentedly sitting together, a cat, a rat and a little bird. This, he thought, a remarkable instance; and day by day, in passing along, he glanced at the cage to see if all was right. One day, however, he ob- served that the cat was the solo occupant of the cage, and upon enquiry learned that by some oversight on the part of the person who ordinarily fed them, they were one day left without food: and hence the diminution in their number. The cat, to appease the crav- ings of the inner cat, had devoured both the rat and the bird. This, he looked upon as a good illustration of the present case. The "loaves and fishes" was the cause of the whole quarrel, as was easily detected by any observant reader of the "wordy war" recently going on in the local journals between two of the leading parties interesting themselves in the question of separation -the one a very juvenile gentleman, a gentleman that always would be juvenile, even if he lived to the age of Methuselah; and the other, a gentleman deeply interested peculiarly in the question. The juvenile gentleman argued that it would be better to divide the four-pound loaf into two two-pound loaves, and that each should take one; to which the other gentleman de- murred. This appeared to him to be the whole cause of the quarrel. The Kiama people threatened to place a turnpike on the road to Kiama, and levy toll in the event of the Ger- ringong separation taking place, but he was not at all frightened of that; let them try it, if they thought proper. He doubted not that he travelled that road as often, or perhaps oftener than most of the Gerringong people; and he did not feel alarmed in the least at the threat. He had much pleasure in seconding the resolution. Mr. James Perkins hoped the speakers would let Mr. Black down easy, as he was not present to defend himself; and that they vote in such a way as would prove unmistakably what their mind upon the subject was--that they were determined to separation and a council of their own, and that they were de- ermined to agitate and cling on until their request would finally be granted. It afforded him great pleasure to support the resolution. Mr. John Feehan rose for the purpose of moving an amendment. The "Kiama Ghost" was nothing compared to this. The Gerringong ratepayers had petitioned for separation, and that was all they desired, and that was all they would take. They would not submit to the dictation of any outsider. They were the best judges of their own wants and knew best how to remedy them. He begged to move as an amendment upon Mr. Robsons's resolution, "That there is no neces- sity for this meeting, and that the notice call- ing it be treated contempt. The Chairman explained that it was neces- sary, in order to ensure success, that the meeting should be held, it having been advertised and held directly for the purpose of ascertaining the sentiments of the rate- payers upon the question of separation; and also of testing their feeling upon the idea of dividing the borough into two, with a part of the town of Kiama attached to each. It was therefore, necessary that the meeting should be held and resolutions embodying the sentiments of those present be adopted with a view to their presentation to the adjourned meeting to be held in Kiama some weeks hence. Mr. Alderman Hindmarsh, addressing the meeting, said that some months ago, when in Sydney, he called at the office of the Colonial Secretary for the purpose of enquiring respect- ing the fate of the separation petition; but, unfortunately, Mr. Cowper was out of town. He was, however, assured by the Under-Sec- retary, Mr. Halloran that the merest trifle remained to be done to complete the matter, and that probably before he (Mr. Hindmarsh) would reach his home, the proclamation would be gazetted. What caused such an unaccount- able delay as has occurred since, he was at a loss to determine. He fully endorsed the sentiments expressed in the resolution. T'he Chairman then called for a show of hands; and the resolution was carried unani- mously amidst considerable enthusiasm. Mr. James Perkins rose, and pro- posed in an appropriate speech-"That the following gentlemen form a deputa- tion from this meeting to report the foregoing resolution to the Kiama adjourned meeting:- Messrs. Robson, G. J. Hindmarsh, R. Miller, J. Campbell, and James Perkins." The resolution was seconded by Mr. Nelson and carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the chairman having been proposed, and suitably acknowledged, the meeting broke up about half-past nine, and was on the whole decidedly unanimous. 