GHOSTS. BY THE SAUNTERER. Do you believe in ghosts ? I do ! and so did Lord Lyttleton, and King Saul, and the Witch of Endor ! Many years ago, a faithful prisoner servant who attended to the horses, and who (like many of the assigned servants of that time,) grew grey in our service, and endeared himself to his master by the utmost attention to his duties, was at a late hour one night kicked in the stomach by a restive young horse, and, after lingering in indescribable agony for two hours, his soul made the long journey, just about mid- night ; his last faint utterance being-"Oh! if I could only see the master : only see the master !" The master, now nearly the oldest inhabitant, was quietly sleeping at a friend's house at Battery Point, six full miles away from the stable and from his faithful dying groom. He awoke with a strange oppression, and sitting up in bed, he perceived his servant standing by his bedside with a painfully melancholy expression of countenance. Supposing that something serious had happened at home which brought the servant in at the dead of night, the master sprang up and asked why he had come? Receiving no answer beyond the same melancholy look, the master rose from his bed and going up to the figure passed through it a, shudder of the deepest horror shanking every nerve in his body. To turn and again place himself in bed with a covered head and a prayer in his heart, took but the time occupied by St. David's clock as it struck twelve- midnight. Before daylight a son of the master rode to town to report the death of the groom, and was horrified to find that his father had already had supernatural information on the subject. The man had been transported for his natural life for taking from a bin in a stable two feeds of oats for a favorite horse, which was ill at a neighbour's stable, and his wife, a most amiable young woman, with an infant of a few days old at her bosom, was sent to the "workus" as paupers, whilst he, huddled together with 210 more erring exiles, was sent to Tasmania in the George the Third. Safely the ship sailed over the sea until it arrived in D'Entrecasteaux Channel, when in the dead of the night it struck on the Acteon reef and went down, carrying all but a tenth part of its living cargo to sleep amongst the waving kelp of the ocean. Well do I remember the morning of April, 1835, when the news arrived of the fearful wreck, and the hurriedly issued Government order for all the troops, all the civil servants, and all the respectable inhabitants to accompany the Governor to St David's Church, the military band of the Isle, Fusileers playing that grand march from the Oratorio of Saul, and the prayers for the sick and dying were read by Dr. Bedford, but alas, too late, the 220 souls had gone to their account; and as the tree fell, so would it lie ! It is a fine thing, and, I believe, vainly invented, to pray for the souls of the dead; and yet where was the soul of the faithful groom at midnight! CURIOUS CAUSE OF FIRE.- A man named Goodwin, at Tanmangaroo, in the Yass district, is reported by the Courier to have suffered con- siderable loss by conflagration, arising from a very simple incident. It appears that Goodwin, during the forenoon of Wednesday, had occasion to leave his work and go into his home an erection of bark and slabs, lined with calico for the purpose of getting something which he wanted out of a box that was kept in his bed- room. Having obtained what he went in for, he left the room, throwing as he went his knife, which he did not want, into the box, in which it seems that wax vesta matches, amongst other things, were kept. The falling of the knife must have caused ignition, as he had barely returned to his job in the stackyard when he was alarmed by hearing his wife screaming out " Fire! Fire! " He rushed back but before anything could be done the whole place was in a blaze. Some few things were managed to be carried out into the garden; but owing to the grass there, which was very long, catching fire, everything which had thus been with considerable risk apparently saved, was also consumed. Mr. Goodwin was fortunate enough to secure a bank deposit receipt for £20, and also a few sovereigns. Several bank notes were totally destroyed, and some silver which was in the house was found afterwards in a fused state. Owing to the heat of the weather, and the dry and light material of which the house was built, everything in it was utterly con- sumed. FRENCH " JEWELLERS."-Some French re- staurants offer meals at a fabulously low price. For instance, a bowl of soup, a plate of meat and vegetables, dessert, half a bottle of wine, and bread ad libitum-all for 7d ! How the keepers of those eating-houses make them pay is a mystery which those who patronise them do not care for solving. Of course, the eatables are not of first-rate quality, and one must dine some- what on the principle of shutting your eyes, opening your mouth and taking what is sent you. It appears that there are a class of men who got their living by going round to the swell mansions and buying up the leavings. These gentlemen are called " jewellers,' and the leavings go by the general name of "jewels" \- a piece of fowl being "a pearl," a plate of game " a diamond," beef "a ruby," and so on. If Plutus gives a banquet to-night, the "jew- ler" comes down to-morrow morning, and carts off the leavings from his lordship's plate to some cheap restaurant, where they are speedily trans- formed into most tempting dishes, with most high-sounding names. The richest "jeweller" is he who possesses the monopoly of the Tuileries, from whence it is said a van-load of odds and ends is packed every day. VALUE OF BIRDS.- A New Zealand paper says:- Baron von Ischadi, the eminent Swiss naturalist, says that without birds successful agri- culture is impossible, as they annihilate in a few months a greater number of destructive insects than man could do in years. He classes among the most useful, the swallow, wren, robin, and sparrow, and says that a robin killed 800 flies in an hour, and a pair of sparrows carried away 300 worms or caterpillars to their nest in a day. Yet we hear of some wise men who denounce the efforts of the Acclimatisation Society in introducing in- sectivorous birds. We can only hope that notwith- standing the rabid denunciations in certain quart- ers, the society will continue their good work in this direction. Any one who has ever seen a candle at night held under the cotton plant will confess to the presence of vermin on almost every known plant, and the absolute necessity for their de- struction. 