blekTheim: spaniels. No dogs axe more generally in -request and none are there whose varieties axe greater than 1 the spaniel. There is no breed of dogs that can j wast a larger amount of sagacity, general use- ? ftdnete,;and^j'onger-artifc&-ihnient tb vian^ and -iSetef is kid other -whose scenting powers and adaptability for sporting_purppses are superior. Of alT the 'En3B''of spaniels the Blenheim breed has. pjobftbly most jdegenefated, and been suffered to fall intoihe possession of a class of persons who^ either cannot appreciate hiB good qualities, or are incapable of turning them to good account* Profitable use is made of the Blenheim truly ; that is to say, he is rendered disgusting in order that he may enrich his owner by carrying ©iff a prize at one or other of the numerous dog shows this glorious country now boasts. ? His local habitation is mostly in Long; Acre, in the back slums of London, or occasionally in the parlors, and even 'the boudoirs of ladies, into which latter enviable retreat he has been sometimes -suffered1 to enter upon payment by his fair proprietor of 'the trifling sum of twenty r five pounds. A computation has been made — I am afraid to say how: many years ago— that 5,000 small spaniels were, at the time, kept in London, alone. A etrong proof indeed that 'there is no 4og. so universally in request as this.' And Mr. Blaine, speaking of their use fulness and general attachment to man, Bay's ?— 'When wesay this, we include the whole family of spaniels: generally, from the Alpine monster to the diminutive darling of my Lady Blank.' There was something prophetic of the degene ration likely to befall Blenheims and King Charleses when their original breeders were so anxious to prevent a large extension of their favorite families. His Grace the Duke of Nor folk would not part with one of his black and tan spaniels of the King Charles breed withput a strict promise from the receiver that he would not breed from it in the direct, line. There is a «tory recorded in Blaine in proof of this extraordinary jealousy on the part of the Duke. Mr. Blaine -way accust6oie& to be con sulted on matters canine by the Duchess of 'Fork, and on -one occasion ''when accompany -j ing. Her Royal Highness -to her menagene withj almost a whole kennel of canine favorites behind her/' that gentleman, had the Honor of having his1 attention drawn to what her Etoyaf Highness considBted a present of very high value, a ti-ne spaniel of the King Charles breed, sent to her by fhe Bake di Norfolk.^ '1Svl*,1 she observed,' ' would .you believe lie could be so ungallant as to write word 'that he must have a positive* promise, not from myself, bat from the Duke of York, that I should not breed from it ia the direct line.' The late' Lady Spencer, who bad an excessive partiality; to Blenheims, 'was so devote! to their wel fare that, we believe, she never wore a pin in any part of her dress, fearing that it might be accidentally th© means of wounding one of these favorites. They were, one and all; red and white, zealous hunters in the' field, but required much trouble to break.' Lady Spencer,, although such a patroness of the Duke of Marlborough's pets, was not igno rant of their true vocation, and did not keep them merely for in-dbor amusement, nor' feed and comb them into the miserable specimens we are accustomed to see at the present day. That, there may be considerable difficulty experienced in breaking them for use with the gun, I am by no means able to disprove ; but I cannot at all; see why this should be the case any more than' with other spaniels. If .purity of strain has anything to do with 'amenity of .discipline, surely ihe Blenheim spaniel should have nothing to fear from a comparison with any other breed. Thai; there are— W rather that tbjere'were— 'keen hunters, and beautiful to look at when at work, cannot be denied' by any who have seen Teally goodx-nes of their 'kind upon game, and under 'the command of a good sportsman who understood. them. They are. capital springers, and notwithstanding the restrictions laid upon the propogation of their species by their first masters, they as well as the King Charles kind have been plentifully bred and crossed with ad vantage to the general and extremely extensive spaniel family. , . , . .. ? . : That the Blenheim species itself, however, in its distinctive capacity is, and long has been, rapidly decreasing, may- be soon ascertained as an undeniable fact by any person who has a desire to purchase one. The prices^charged for the pet specimens now occasionally to be met with are frightfully exorbitant ; and certainly an admirer of the British spaniel would hardly care to become the possessor of such Utterly useless creatures. While; however, judges at dog shows award prizes for the snub-nosed, fat, and unshapely little animals exhibited about the country, emanating -chiefly from the dog fanciers of London and Birmingham, there appears to be no hope for improvement in the breed. . - . ?:-;???'. Mr. H. Wilsdon, who is^— or recently was — : in the service of , the Duke of Marlborough, at Blenheim, is a breeder of the. old original stock, and he has produced = some excellent specimens. These will - hunt beautifully, are hardy and useful, and need no more extra care than an ordinary spanieL According, however, to the present fashion of breeding Blenheims I do not think he would stand the ghost of a chance for a prize against a regular pag-nosed beauty, bred and fed expressly for such a purpose. Indeed, I know that on one or two occasions, when some very good . dogs, of Mr. Wilsdon's breed have been exhibited, preference has been given to others, which, innry humble judgment, were not nearly so handsome, and, lam cer tain, were not anything like so useful. Bull, thick-headed looking lumps of canine flesh these prize-winners were, with absolutely no thing to Tecommend them but a stupid sto lidity and a look of complete helplessness 'and uselessness. Unfortunately it. is only necessary for one of these dogs to win a prize at some tole rably important meeting to secure for him a long run of similar success at minor ones. ' It has been not* unusual to attach a printed 'bill of particulars' to the den of some toy dogs at shows actually, before' the judging has taken place,' in order, presumably, that the intelli gence of the judges may be ~ properly exercised, and that they may not be betrayed into the error of giving a decision in consonance with their own opinions and contrary to that for merly expressed. The unjustifiable attempt to 'snatch 'a verdict' has been sonaetimeB con demned, and the obnoxious placarSconsigned to limbo, but the exhibitor has not met .with his well-merited reward in -being prohibited and disqualified de facto ? and the evil has been already committed by \ the exhibition, of the placard, for what provincial quorum' of judges —for the ?most part indifferent to the 'claims of small dogs,, and looking with contempt on those ! ' not used in field sports ''—-would dare to fly in the face of such positive excellence as that ? :_ ' It is worthy of remark that the predominance of yellow is regarded as a mark of superiority' of breed in Blenheim spaniels by some fanciers, although those of Mr. Wilsdon, which there is at least some reason for believing have de scended from the original strain o'f the Duke of Marlborough, are not remarkable for a prepon derance of either red or 'white. Handsome Blenheims may still be had, and fashion may still be observed as in the case of other spaniels. At the first' dog-show at Islington this fact was clear enough. Let the yellow be the character istic of superiority of blood by all means, and let the fanciers have their tasteortheir judgment confirmed in this respect, for it is no doubt right ; but let us have spmething better than drawing-room monstrosities, i The judges 'at great shows cannot be too par ticular in the matter of their decisions, influ encing, as these must do, others at minor shows throughout the country. As matters have hitherto stood, if a fancier could only contrive to win a prize for any one of his stock at such an exhibition, he could calculate pretty surely upon obtaining a run of success throughout the provinces ; and it was only for him to keep his loquacity well up to the mark among the public 'to make a pretty good thing of it,' and to ensure a ready market for his puppies. Honor ary Secretaries, too, have at Bmall gatherings been rather 'officiously than, officially ready to render assistance that has not been needed — the iexpressly stated business of those gentlemen having been ' to be at hand to render whatever assistance judges may require.'-. The anxiety manifested by a secretary that the judges should not fall into an error— such, for instance, as their passing over the acknowledged (nay the printed) merits of some fancy article in favor of something really genuine — has been carried so far a^ to induce the opinion that he has in reality been the judge. A, H, M. 