anOSTB FROir.TIIE BATTLE FIELD. Tho Paris eorrcspondont of tho 'Dally Tele graph ' gives tbo following uccount of tbo re turn of a fow troops from tho war: — " There were from 150 to 200 mounted troops, in every kind nf cuvnlrv nnlfnrm. ridlnr in tlm Innenct of open order, and mingled pell-mell without distinction of uniform or grade. There did not seem to bo any officer In command of this straogp squadron. Cuirassiers, hussars, lancora, chasseurs, light dragoons, horso artillery, were all thorc, higglody-pigglcdy, battered, ragged, djisty, dirty, jaded, but not crest-fallen. Some wcro.so fatigued that thoy could scarcely kocp upjn their suddlcs, and nodded .till tho plumes of their belmots mingled with tho manes of thoir horses, but they had still bold words to say, and foul scorn to hurl at the Prussians.' Ttooso spectral horsemen, theso phantom dra goons, wcro tho remnants of the defeat at Weisaenburg. This oorporal of hussars was tho solo' representative of a wholo troop, thoso fivo lancers tho only survivors of anontiro squadron. The rest had porished in the fight, or .were lying badly wouoded in tbo bospitsl. There are no woundod omong these men wbo bad just trooped in from- tho Eastern railway etatibn depfit at Gretiollo to bo " re-formed." Iudecd they seemed to. need reforming ahb get her, for unhurt soldiers in a uorq>deplor- able stato; 1 never saw. Thoy looked emi nently wretched, and furlong days jsst' had evidently been wholly divorced from 33ap, water, towels, and clothes-brushes— to say no thing cf blacking, bcclbal), polishing powder, pipeclay, and the other accessories of a smart cavalry soldior's toilet. Diutcd back .and breast plates, dinted casques, smirohed gar ments, torn plumes, spatter-dashes encrusted witb a fortnight's mud, and never a clean shirt, I should soy, among tho lot. "Thus ybey -enmo back a ragged regiment. There was about these fragments and shreds, and scat tered leaves wbirlcdfroiu tho tempest-tossed battlo-field, something of un essentially uDub- Stautial and ghostly character. They looked pale to nnearthlincss in tho gaslight. Their steeds had a shadowy presenro, and very soon, instead of resuming their march in 0 hody, theso waifs and strays of war scattered,! and broko up in twos cod threes, and as a body dissolved, I fuuod "myself ono of a group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a alim lad >|itb a pale face, who was mounted op a big wbito horse. Ilo was tho kind of statuo to to supper without tbo risk; of firo nud brimstone as a nightcap. Ho wssa trumpeter, and I fancy blew his own peculiar instrument,, oratorically speaking, lustily. Ho told! us that tho Prussians were, smashed, riddled, blown up, crusliedpoundcd into powder, iud stamped out. Ilis own regiment, bo said4 liad sabred ' monntains of men.1 So.tbickly was the' ground cumbered witb dead Prussians, thnt tho .Fronob artilloryaien -could scarcely whcol thoir. guns, along. They . .would .bavo won tbo day bad they not been betrayed." 