LOCAL AND. GENERAL NEIVS Axthotgb tb» valuation made hy Messrs Murray and Hargreave of tlje rateftble property within the Shire of Kyneton could not be accepted by the Council in consequence tjf a legal difficulty, it is not the less vijloable as affording information of the* progrtss made by the Shire during the past twelve months. The xiet annual value of the rateable property is returned at £49,381 10s, again»t J£46.581 lfti for the previous year, showing an increase of £27^): The total number, of ratepayers entitled *jo be placed on the Yoters' Koll will be 1992 tu-oinst 1225, This large jacrease,is, .however, cbie§y attributable to thealteralion in the kw, by wliifh every ratepayer is entitled to a rote instead of restricting this privilege io tliose ,who. are. rated at and above £10. The largest increase is in the Kyrieton Bi3ixi^, where tho voters' roll will ronsist of 322'more pames .than lastTear. - in Tylden and Trentham the -increase is 10B, and in Carlsruhe .172 y whilst X«uriston and Edgecombe is only affected Uy ^his alteration to the extent of 70 names. -" - ' - Geneeal Tom XBrrrsiB's interesting troupe are paescngeri by the mail from England. Setebai. .parties of anglers startedfrojn JCTneton in questof thp|r favorite sport on Friday and Saturday. - Some iietook themselves to the neighborhood of l£e(les(lile, where a considerable floantity of bre^nrwera tftken, one pariv' bringing back 20 lb weight. ., 0thera wcint' to the railway reservoir nt Middle Gullyt a apo.t vrhichis now much resorted to,'- ^n seqcch of roach". The reservoir is fall of fish, UioBgh whether it id the real roach or not seeing open tq .dispute. On© gentleman who breakfasted on Sunday morning from the contents of -bis basket ^escribes th e fish astearibg « strong r«sqmblanc« fa a huddle o£fcun> leaves -interspersed with' bones, and kept together by coarse fat. Some of the fish tHUightiii the reservoir weighed between two and thiee pounds. '.'.; . ' " Av'aceidcnt oct-nrndbh' Sunday evening to e childof- MrJones.iannerof Mount iXBcedpn. In company with other eliildren it was playing on a lqg «rid,-fa j $g ^F",- brake lb arm. The ef$ at mco of Dr SiUiby obtained; and the broken limb Inuring been fet tltb! child is proffttwn* (dvouiyaj, . : - ... At length tbe shaft pf thsJ3dntral Mine (pear Maltosburj)' if" tlitf Auglo- Australia'n <iold Mining ComwinT is «rirfehtly neErly boUomea. There is do doubt that the old watercourse has been -struct^', And the" « f? e3t «ni»ety for the result. Jt was believed that the manager would be in ^.position to report definitely as to the prospects of the mine, either last night or thl? morning. Very good judgment has evidently been displayed in fixing upon the site for the shaft, and we' trust that in J the more important item of gold finding, Mr Eitto's expectations will also be realised. WE are requested to direct attention tq Mr Charles Young's sale, on Friday, of Mr Farmers farm at Bald Hill, and to the clearing sale ol Blr Foster's crop, stock, implements, &c;, at the same place. Messes Laughton and Co. are getting on rapidly with the Outlet Tower at tbe Malmsbury Eeservoir. The tovrer is now 40ft, high, and is assuming a very imposing appearance. The contractors beiieve they will complete the erection in Mav or Jane—in time to render the reserroir available "fpr the storage of next win ter's rainfall. Thb weather on Monday end yesterday was almost insufferably hot. Yesterday the thermometer registered 102 deg. at two o'clock p.m. in one of & coolest'shades in Eyneton. A large bush fire was raging on Mount Macedon in tbe afternoon. ^ Hit. G-. P. Smith again distinguished himself in the legislative Assembly yesterday, in bis peculiar line of blackguardly conduct. _ Mr. Macartney was spealting against the motion for adjournment, when Mr" Smith interrupted him with some remarks. Mr Macartney said that he would-settle accounts with the ex-Attorney- General at some future tipie. MrG.' P. Smith rejoined that he, would tkick the lion member whenever bepleased.ThjWo/dsweretol^en down and strongly reprehend^ on bpth sides of the; House, except iy Mr "Rale, who in answer to a remark of the Chief Secretary concerning P. Smith, said that he (Mr Macpherson) had once caled the members on that side of the House blackguards.. The matter ended by Mr Smith apologising. Were Mr Macpherson's designation applied only to Smith and Yale it would be strikingly true, FbuM the M.A. Mail we get the verdict _ the jury in the late case of accidental pois.oning of a child with aconite i^yWe' find that Bobert Treloar, aged two. years, died from the effects of aconite, glveitto'bim by mistake for cinchona (the latter" prescribed for him by Dr Mackay). while he wa« suffering from an attack of typhoid fever- Arid we also find that George M. Dorman was guilty of gross negligence in not removing the label " Cinchona"-from the bottle before filling it with aconite. .And we further find that the evidence adduced before us is not sufficient to warrant us in finding George_ M. Do'rir.an gxiilty' of manslaughter." 'The jury further%d4e3, as a rider, that there was" no blauie whafeTer to be attached to Df Mackaj. The Tarrengoiber limes reports a fire a.t the Springs, whereby a quantity of wheat, rye, straw tarpaulings, sacks, and other property was destroyed. A man named Wilson had been winnowing at the spot, and a box of wax matches was found on the ground after the fire, which Wilson acknowledged belonged to him. The fire seems to have occurred through Wilson's carelessness. A little whUe ago (.save, the. Herald) Mr M'Kean issued some very stringent orders to the various land bailiffs throughout the colony to inspect and report on the various selections made under the Land Act ol 1S65. These xeports were to be furnished to the department trithin a specified time, and as that time is long past, we suppose the reports are now available. As amendments must take place in our land laws, it would be well for some member of the House to move that these reports be laid on tlio table. They would furnish invaluable information, to lind reformers, and, would be o£ interest to the general public, A phett? pair! The Gnytoian Leader TCports a police court case, iu which a married woman named Fullertbn, charged her husband with usins threatening language, when -the following interesting -statements were made by the* happy pair. The wife Btated that her buswas not ta be believed, and vice versa. Defendant to the Bench: Your Worships she'd swear the leg off an iron pot, if you'ill only give her time. Prosecutrix to the bench : He's telling lies your Worships he does nothing but goes about telling lies and stealing; he's a loafer your Worships; he's always going away from me, and when he hears that I've got anything he comes back and breaks up my home, your Worships, he does. Defendant, to the bench: She's just dojie. six months, your Worships. Prosecutor to the bench : He's only come out of gaol for stealing. Their Worships to defendant : Where did ytju come from ? Defendant: From Tylden, your Worships; her brother spi\t me up to take the children from her, as* she was not fit to look after them ; she dar'nt come to her brother's place, he would, slioot her,if .she did; she's an awful character, y our Worships. The defendant was boiyid pvej to keep the peace. We understand that the first Local Land Board under, the new Act w 11 sit at Kyneton on Tuesday the 1st prox. It will be presided over by Mr Hodgkinson. Tbe Board will investigate applications under the Land Act, 1869, and some outstanding applications under 42nd clause of Amending Land Act 1865, and an application for the. extension of . the Langley Fanners' t)omHign. Is the case of SamueVColbert committed for trial by lhe Eyneton Bench on a charge of rape upon the person of Katie Macpherson, the Attorney-General Lias entered- a nolle prosequi. .The trial of Wiiliaiii Davis for the mtlr4er of Eliza frarford, alias CasseHs, at Trentham, lias been postppned to the ilprch .Sessions. The last report Ja^} the jfew South Wales Alliance for the suppression of intemperance contains the .following.;.startiiiy; passage:— " Decided,and^e*tehsive efforts mast be made, otherwise the ruijioug_e.ff£ci9 of the drinking customs will produce pauperism to i\l.e most disastrouseVteut, as vre find* On exatAin^tipn that a greater sup ;i«-w4ste.d for drjnk in this colojay than is realHed for alj it* wool; ill fact, it takes more than all 1fte woolj*' ior the gold raised in a year, to piyr.th'd aSnual grog soore— and this is to poison, "demoralise, and impoverish our peop'e." j ^ . . ; ^ v j ; i r ' - Tdb Daylesfprd Mercury >'underst^n3s that the young mail who was kiHed last week by the falling of a slab in the ^rue Blue claim. Barry's Beef, was heir to property worth L16.000. It is said mo icy was to-bar fotararded by ilie mail now due, to italce htm home, ^e formerly, worked in tl'eO'HaraBurke, Daylesford. The nominations jFor. the Handicaps at the epproafhing EyueWti raws .closed la?t nieht. Owing to certain" irregularities In "connection with some of the nominations" tljo Stewards resolved to withhqld-th,e list from publication till the owners of horses jiffejteii by these irregularities had been communicated'-with. Ojf Monday evening Mr iSturrock, farmer, of Grreenjii.il-was travelling with a threshing. machine to Mr Higneyis farm atVBIack-hill, Passing oveiwa very rough portion of the road,-.- Mr. Sturrock Tras thrown from his seat and-a - wheel of tlw roachine passed .over bolh legs, fracturing; ore and braising the otherseverely. Dr Smith iras" ; snmmbned' arid ' rendered the necessary surgical assistance. - ' ; Thb annual t-ent given by general subscription to tlie.children attending St Mary's Sunday School, Woodend.wascekbratedlast Thnuday bv -nDe of- the pl«as8T.tesi Juvenile gatherings held in the-difitrict for ibe season. After the usual attack ^nd .defeat of the solid and jiqnid ; fn^gy^i^f-r^ll '^x'cellegV ^'JslsjV of cu{injtrf'. skill-x-the.youngsters dispersed themselves over the ground. Aud cricket, football, rounders, and swingt and circular games for the little ones, occupied 'them merrily until the prominent amusemegfs of ^he afternoon commenced by the preparations for ithe athletic sports, wluch consisted of raees-^-foot, hijrdte, and three-legged,— walking matches, with prizes for the successful ones, both boys and girls of all ages. The catering for some 100 children, and 50 adults, was admirably managed by Mrs C. Johnson and Mrs Long, while Mr C. Johnson conducted the sports, anil distributed the prizes, assisted by his excellent staff of Sunday school teachers and other ladies and gentlemen, to. afford every opportunity of erjjoyment to the.children. After hearty cheers for all who had contributed to their, amusement, and a lustily sung " God save teeQueen,'' the children separatedseemingly well pleased. The accidental falling of aheavy limb of a tree suspended ov^ra awing while the little ones were collected at some other spot, providentially averting a fatal calamity, should serve as a warning to teachers and others erecting swings not to trust without test to ordinary branches of trees. Dothebxa continues rejy prevalent at Myrniong. Two more deaths occurred, last week." The school is still closed. It is stated that pleuro pneumonia has broken out at MyrnionjB in the Bacchus district. Cor readers ere reminded that the annual entertainment of the Kyneton Literary Union will be given at the Mechanics* Institute, this evening. A very escellont pro^ramme has been arranged. Bbspechvo the Lauriston reefs, a correspondent of the Mount' Alexander Mail writes:— Pcrhyis a few remarks on this important district will hot be uninteresting to the public. The ^channel of ground. thcpuglv which.^ ^^er^tic' rich ^eef pasf^s ira a beautiriil soTt elate ahd sandstone, intersected by numerous veins of oxide of.iirpn and sulphur, mundic and clay. The nearer they approach- the. reef, the the mundic increases, the clay and -other veins falling into .one general channel, forming what is generally known by miners by the name of flucan. This fiacan holds on its course whether the reef be large or, small. The.reefs run continually in the same course. In opening a cuttiug through the reef tbe minerals become heavier, the quartz, more divided by t,hin serins of black slate and arsenic, mundic, and. sometimes lead ores can be seen intersected with the quartz and gold, thus proving that the heavy midera' sub-; stances lie near, unto the metallic substance. The a,bovenamed indications are invariable proofs of the durability-of lodes, both in length and deptk. The underlay of those lodes at Lauriston vary from two to. three feet in every fathom in its downward course, which is another proof of them continuing to maintain the same productiveness.. All the above mentioned minerals, fiucacs. and the apparent sameness of the quartz/arid the position in wliitfh the gold lies in the quartg, enables me to give the statement that tbe reefs at Lauriston are the continuation of the True Blue ard the Sultan, and ojbers of the Barry's reefs at Mount Blackwood, with the same channel of slate and sandstone, giving all the appearance and sameness of the rocks of Mount Blackwood, which run parallel with the reefs at Mount Blackwood. There are four claims opened up, which are very rich. There are several more now opening on the Energetic reef, at Lauriston. There is no doubt of this being the most important reefing place in the district. At the Melbourne .Criminal Sessions, jesterday, Frederick Parsons, alias Bernard O'Tcole, pleaded guilty to stealing a horse, saddle, and bridla at Kyneton on the 18th January last, and was remanded foj;.sentence. A foutsight ago, wo. reported a daring case of horsestealing, the leading features of which were that a mare, the proper ty of !.Ir McKenna, M,L A., Jiad been t,aken from the door of a hotel in the chief thoroughfare of tlio town, and boldly ridden off by the thief. A day or two ago, the mare.was found iuthe vicinity of Bjiynton, minus, of course, the saddle and bridle. The tliier had evidently ridden the animal as far as he required to travel, and 1 then having eased it of its app.urtenances, turned it adrift. A <5host stobt with a very proiaic ending comes to us. from Lauriston. For some time past, Messrs John ami Bichard Kagle, fanners of that locality, have been disturbed during the night time by noises as of some one prowling about their premises. "Once or twice, o.u being aroused by these noises, search was made, and a tall figure, dressed in some leng white garment resembling a mackintosh, could be seen flitting rapidly away over the stubbles. Some of the neighbors suggested that the place was haunted, and that the visitor who so regularly made h)snoc? turnal appearance was nothing more nor less than a disembodied spirit. Messrs Nagle had strong reasons to believe that , their visitor had certain proclivities from which denizens of the spirit land are usually understood to be exempt. Ac tl' events, they determined to solve the problem fo r themselves, and a night or two ago set themselves to watch. At the usual time—shortlJ before midnight—the footsteps of the ghos were heard, and presently the.(all white figur® became visible, looking taller and'whiter in the bright moonlight. The move.ments of tbe figure were most erratic. Sometimes it stood quite still, sometimes it glided into the neighboring shadow, and again it moved rapidly towards the house and back again. Watching a favorable opportunity, tho brothers made a simultaneous rush at their visitor, and caught him; finding, indeed, that ho was no ghost, but substantial flesh and blood. He was at first so overcome with terror, that there appeared a probability of his acquiring a very good title to the character which Jie had been assuming; but after a strong dose of brandy had been administered, he rallied, and'was sent about bis business with" a'Caution that a repetition of his pranks would probably lead to consequences of a bv no means "pleasant nature. . _ - . . . 