CHARLES DICKENS. Among the most attractive writers of fiction in the Victorian era of English literature, Charles Dickens occupies a high place. Indeed, taking the extent to which his writings are circulated through the world as the test of popularity, it may be said that he is second to none in the power to win the attention and applause of the million ; and as his imagination has all along been enlisted in the service of humanity, he deserves to be a favourite. He was born at Landport, in Hampshire, England, in 1812. His father, Mr. John Dickens, had a situation in the Pay Department of the Navy, and being pensioned off at the conclusion of the war with France, he became a Parliamentary reporter. His son Charles was placed as clerk in an attorney's office ; but as he had more inclination for literary effort than for the business of the office, and soon proved himself capable of composition that gave promise of creditable attainment, he was offered a position as reporter on the True Sun. Thence he went to the Morning Chronicle, on which he was engaged under Mr. John Black. Soon after the commencement of his engagement as a reporter on this paper, he wrote for it " Sketches of English life, by Boz." The first of these appeared in the year 1836, and at once gained for "Boz" a wide-spread popu- larity. And, of course, the favourable reception he met with stimulated him to new efforts. " Boz" was distinguished by the boldness with which he introduced upon the pages of fiction phases of English life that had been generally regarded up to that time as lying outside the fields of romance. While showing by some of his delineations that he had not given up his own refinement, he brought upon the scene illustrations of coarse and brutal character, relieved with striking examples of pure and gentle human nature. About this time he wrote a comic opera, "the Village Coquettes." Soon afterwards he was engaged by Chapman and Hall to write a serial in monthly parts, to be illustrated by Seymour. He gave to this new story the title of " Posthumous papers of the Pickwick Club." The publishers, knowing the talent of Seymour, seem to have engaged Boz to perform a secondary part in the production of a work rich in fun and ingenuity. But it was soon evident that the letter-press was more attractive than even the sketches of the talented artist. From the notion of a club, who mimicked and carica- tured the manners of members of Parliament, this story soon passed into a regular narrative of the adven- tures of Mr. Pickwick, a most amiable and eccentric old bachelor. The scenes and characters of this story have become familiar in every social circle through- out the countries where the English language is spoken. Sam Weller, the elder, with his common sense philosophy and dread of "widders;" Sam Weller, the younger, with his loyalty to his good master, and honest buoyant heart—both thoroughly English—poor Mrs. Bardell with her embarrassing susceptibilities and ridiculous pathos—and brow- beating Sergeant Buzfuz, will long live in the imagination of generations of English readers. These Pickwick Papers were not only a great commercial success, but the introduction to a new era in literature. The every-day life of the middle and lower classes, described with accuracy and vigour, was made the chief interest in imaginary history ; and other talented writers soon took up the same class of subjects. In 1838, the real name of the writer who had became popular as " Boz," was published to the world. Meanwhile Bentley had, in 1837, engaged Dickens to conduct his " Miscellany," and in 1837 appeared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist." As a repertory of humour, and an embodiment of high spirits, Dickens has produced nothing which sur- passes his first noted production, the " Pickwick Papers." But in " Oliver Twist," and other tales, he has shown a nobler purpose, and a more varied talent. He has proved his power in the regions of the pathetic to be equal to that which he had exhibited in the comic. " Oliver Twist" was the first tale in which Dickens made the assertion of the claims of philanthropy on behalf of the down-trodden children of want the main object of his pen, and in which pathos predominates over the ludicrous. In follow- ing his youthful hero through the persecutions of a parish work-house, and the haunts of the lawless and dissipated classes in London, the author not only charms the reader by the novelty of his delineations of life, but culls forth the deep sympathies of the heart. Having visited one of the cheap boarding schools in the wolds of Yorkshire, and seen the inhumanity practised on the unfortunate children consigned by their parents to the care of miserly, unfeeling schoolmasters and housekeepers, Dickens introduced into his next tale, Nicholas Nickleby, a description of the cruelties of " Do-the- boys Hall." This tale comprehends a larger variety of character than those which preceded it. A fine spirited youth and his charming sister meet on their way through the world, villainous lawyers, poor but good-hearted clerks, dissipated noblemen and their sycophants, victims of the miserly schoolmaster's cruelty, and true friends. The publication of this tale had some good effect in checking the evil against which it was directed ; but [?] tion of such efforts in first awakening atten- [?] ominable cruelties requires to be followed [?] ing continued education of public feeling, [?] point at which outrages on humanity will [?] ally frowned down. At present, it is to [?] there is many a " Do-the-boys" Hall in [?] Dickens' s pointed rebuke of some of the [?] of the wealthy provoked against him some [?] he was charged with misrepresentation [?] geration. If those complaints had any [?] in him, it was not by any means to induce [?] tract what he believed from observation to [?] presentations, but to stir him up to render [?] justice by attacking successively the wrong [?] many classes. In his " Hard Times" he [?] later period, pleaded the cause of the poor [?] lose who took advantage of their necessi- ties to grind them to the dust. The next production of his pen was a series entitled " Master Humphrey's Clock," comprising two tales, " The Old Curiosity Shop," and " Barnaby Budge." In the first of these he showed that the conception of "Oliver Twist" had not exhausted his capacity for original and touching sketches of child life. "Little Nelly" is almost unmatched as a personification of childhood's affection and sim- plicity. " Barnaby Rudge" has more of an historical character than any other of his tales, being taken from the times of Lord George Gordon and the " No Popery" riots. Having gone thus far out of the region of fiction, the author went still further in the same direction, and published a work from which fiction was altogether excluded, though in the narra- tive of facts he found scope for word-painting. This was the " Memorials of Joseph Grimaldi," a man whose life presented just that combination of the comic and pathetic in the delineation of which Dickens most excelled. " The Tale of Two Cities," another tale with something of historic air, appeared at a subsequent time. But Dickens spoke more effectually to the world, because more fully in the exercise of his own true function, when he wrote a series of tales for the winter holidays and fireside family meetings,—" The Christmas Carol," " The Chimes," the " Cricket on the Hearth," " The Battle of Life," and "The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain." These Christmas visitors have been welcomed to thousands of happy homes, to give new animation to merriment and sometimes a deeper zest to affection and good resolution. Meanwhile, Dickens had become a traveller, visit- ing several of the States of America, and making his observations on the manners and morals of the American people. On his return, in 1812, he pub- lished " American Notes for general circulation." Whether he had taken his cue from " Sam Slick," or whether two British subjects—one a judge, from the province of Canada, and the other a literary man from the mother country—came from independent observation to similar conclusions as to the faults and foibles of brother Jonathan, it is certain that Dickens's criticisms cut as keenly as those of Judge Haliburton. The Ameri- cans were greatly annoyed at the pictures presented to the world of their social life " for general circu- lation" in England and the world. A storm of indignation burst forth in the press of the United States against the spy who had partaken of their hospitality, and then from his safe retreat in England issued forth his stinging caricatures. The passion, however, soon subsided, and did not hinder Americans from relishing the humorous and touch- ing productions that issued from the inventive brain of their critic. Long before his second visit to America, all feelings of resentment had died away. In 1814 he published " Martin Chuzzlewit," the last of his productions in which humour pre- dominates. The same year he visited Italy, and wrote descriptions of what he there observed, which appeared afterwards in the Daily News. This London journal was started on the 1st January, 1846, and Dickens, who had a hand in the originating of the project, was appointed to the post of its first editor. His " Pictures of Italy" formed. a very interesting feature of the paper. He did not, how- ever, long continue in the office of editor. Politics did not seem to be a congenial sphere. He doubtless found more agreeable occupation in writing " Dombey and Son," and when it began to be whispered by some critics, that his powers were on the decline he produced a tale that is acknowledged to be equal, and by some considered to be superior, to any of his former works—" David Copperfield." Certainly in the power of exciting the humane sympathies this tale is inferior to none. Not did this exhaust his imaginative powers. In quick succession it was followed by " Agnes," " Bleak House," " Hard Times," " Little Dorrit," "A Tale of Two Cities," "The Uncommercial Traveller," and "Great Expectations." In all his tales there is the same playful humour, more or less displayed on the sur- face, with occasional appeals to the emotional part of human nature, and a back-ground of earnest purpose, either the exposure of shams, or the tearing away of the hypocrite's garb, or the condemnation of villainy, or the plea for commiseration on behalf of the suffering and the helpless. In 1850 he commenced a course of literary labours of a different kind. By the publication of " House- hold Words,"—a weekly journal comprising infor- mation on matters of useful and ornamental art, practical science, history, curiosities of antiquity, and almost every topic that appeals to the reason or the imagination, enlivened by tales and poetry. Compared with his former works, this journal indicates that, with advancing years, the author has felt an increasing desire to contribute solid benefits to the sum of human happiness, by diffusing information calcu- lated to engage the thoughts on important subjects. This publication was continued until 1859, when its place was supplied by " All the Year Round," in which Dickens still continues to furnish thousands of readers with a multiform variety of mental food. In 1864 he began " Our Mutual Friend," a more artistic novel than his earlier tales, but one that lacks the freshness of genius which won for him the ear of the multitude. While as an individual writer thus largely contributing to the literature of the day, Dickens has shown a generous public spirit in the advancement of the interests of his colleagues in the ranks of polite learning. He was one of the founders of the Guild of Literatur, and has been an active promoter of the Royal Literary Fund. He has also been a generous friend to many artists and authors. It is a matter for regret to have to refer to the fact that one distinguished by such amiable traits should have missed that home happiness which he has often well depicted. But Mr. Dickens himself has thought it due to all con- cerned, to inform tho world of the nature of his domestic troubles, and it is, therefore, no impertinent intrusion, to note the fact that, in consequence of " incompatibility" found to be insuperable, he has deemed it necessary to provide a separate establishment for Mrs. Dickens, and has done this on a scale that would be generous for one much more rich than he is. The world of readers can hardly believe that the fault lies on the side of their favourite author. The man who has made us all love " Oliver Twist," " Little Nelly," the "Brothers Cheeryble," and "Kate Nickleby," and detest cruelty and selfishness cannot be one without heart, or one that would willingly cast a shade of gloom over his own home circle. In 1868 he once more visited America ; and received wherever he went a most enthusiastic ova- tion. He publicly acknowledged that his former representations of American life had been based on imperfect information ; and that all future editions of the " American Notes" should have a fly leaf bearing this confession. His past errors, in the face of this acknowledgment were freely pardoned by the people who have felt themselves to be grievously libelled by that production ; and the reconciliation was cordial. Long may Mr. Charles Dickens live to instruct and amuse a circle of leaders wider than almost any author has ever succeeded in interesting by thirty years' successive productions. ———————————————————— PICTON.—Mr. John Reeves has been appointed poundkeeper, at Picton. DEATH OF MR JAMES MEIN LODER.—We very much regret to have to record the death of Mr. James Mein Loder, of Quirindi, one of the oldest residents of Liverpool Plains. It appears that he had been ailing for some weeks, but being an apparently strong active man, and in the prime of life, it was believed he might ultimately recover. An unfavourable turn, however, set in on Sunday last, and it was then made apparent that he could not last long, which proved to be the case, as death ensued on Monday. The funeral took place last Thursday, and the remains were attended to their last resting place by a large concourse of relations and friends, who had hastened to pay the last tribute of respect to one who in every relation of life had endeared himself to them. The deceased, as we have said, was a very old resident of this district, having lived at Quirindi for fully a quarter of a century, and had, from the moment he come into pos- session of his station property, so acted as to secure the good will of his neighbours of every class to a degree seldom accorded to those in his position. Possessed of ample means, he dispensed his hospitality to persons in all grades of life, in a really princely manner, and we venture to assert that no man ever left his door without having his present necessities amply provided for. The deceased was in this respect a splendid specimen of the old school of squatters, now unhappily rapidly disappearing. When the present land laws came into operation, unlike many of his squatting brethren, he hailed the presence of the free selectors on his runs as an omen of the colony's pro- gress, and he was often heard to declare that through the facility with which he secured labour at the busy times of the year, the selectors were worth to him L200 per annum. With these people he worked most har- moniously, and the result was, there was not a settler on the run who would not have gone through—to use his own language—" fire and water" for him. In every work of charity he was a most liberal contributor, and the residents of Wallabadah will for a long time miss the generous open-handed liberality of the deceased. Such are a few of the characteristics of the late Mr. James Mein Loder, whose death will be a source of sincere regret to all who ever had the pleasure of his acquaintance.—Tamworth Examiner. 