THE NORTH-EASIPERN RAILWAY AND THE NEW TRACK TO THE PROPOSED DRY CREEK STATION. -4---~-. "Sic volumus, sic jubemus," seems to be the motto of the engineers who marked out the N. E. line of railroad. When first sur veying the line they took their course through the wildest parts of the bush, stua diously avoiding the haunts of men. In vain petition after petition from the inhabit tants of the numerous townships along the Sydney Road poured into the Railway Comi missioner's office, praying him to cause the line of railway to pass near these townships. In vain did old and respected colonists as sert that their properties would lose more than half their value, and that ruin would be brought upon them if the railroad would be made in its present track. Notwith' standing all these public and private appeals the Railway department adhered to its ori ginal idea, and surveyed the present line through some of the most desolate and mi, frequented parts of the bush that is to be found in the whole extent of country be, tween Melbourne and Beechworth. The only reason assigned for preferring the wild track to that passing through the inhabited districts was that the one track was leveller than the other. And that was a very poor reason indeed when we are aware that a perfect plain is not at all necessary for rune ning a train upon. On the continent of Europe trains are made not only to pass up hills, lut even to cross high mountains. In New South Wales itself we have the zig-zag line of railway crossing the lofty pinnacles of the Blue Ranges. So the unevenness of of the country was no reason at all for not making the railroad pass through tht various centres of population in. its course through the NE. district. Even if more expense would have to be incurred in maklting one line than the other (a thing which I believe would not be the case when the expense of making new bran-.h roads to the varioas stations in the bush will be taken into consideration) the extra traffic to be gained by pissing through populous districts would more than compensate for that. No. driver of a pas senger coach or waggon would, for the sake of driving on a short and level road, take a track on which lie did not expect to find either passengers or luggage, in preference to a more rugged one on wh;ch he expected to find both. Should we :ee a driver who would select an unpopulous road for his own convenience, whilst the coach he drove did not belong to himself, but to those very men from whose homesteads he kept aloof, we would naturally conclude that the driver was a knave, and the employers fools for permitting their servant to act as he liked at their expense. Are there not some matters connected with the N.E. Railway perfectly similar to the above? The train represepts the coach, and those connected with the Railway Del partment, the sulky driver who will drive his coach wherever he thinks fit, though his employers, the legal proprietors of the ve hicle (the people) beg of him to drive upon the public road where he will get both pas. sengers and luggage. As the position of the N. . line of rail road is now irrevocably fixed, if I did not see that the railway ecgineers were about making another blunder in the district that will cause loss and inconvenience to many and good to none, I would not have minded explaining to the public the wrong that had been done to them by having it made in the present track, but would leave this tale to be told by the ghosts of the ruinel business places on the Sydney Road which, before the lapse of many months, will be crying for vengeance on their destroyers. Yestern day, or tLe day before, some of these worthy engineers surveyed a track from Kilmore to the proposed station on the Dry Creek. In surveying this track they adhered to the old principle of studiously avoiding to touch upon homesteads, but.seemed in the present instance perfectly indifferent to the obstacles offered by ratiges, as they surveyed the track across a pretty steep spur which they could have avoided by following the old track. And what makes the matter worse -is that the new track, in addition to inconveniene., ing the whole of the inhabitants of Glent burnie by changing the present road leading to the Dry Creek will bring ruin on some families A short time ago a number of poor men.selected allotments fronting what the district surveyor told them would be the main road, and now after hbaving expended their all in erecting: houses on these allot ments are coolly informed that the road will not pass near them. SFrom these and similar acts it seems that a petty official itn Victoria can despise with impunity- the-wieShpsandi wants, of the peo pie, a thingo'hicb.ot evin an. Empeior dare do in a country wliere men appoint rulers to carry out the wishes of the people, not to malke: slfaes:of:-tliem or treat theru with contempt. Ii 'France a'feiv das isago, a Louis Napoleon condescended to ask every man iii tie enmpipie frobhi' the: prince to the beggar, whether he still wished him to rule over France. In Victoria a.petty official, so far from asking the people whether they approve of the manner in which he is con ducting their business or not, will treat with contempt any demands made by them which may be contrary to his wishes, and will hardl v condescend to answer them with even a " Non Volo.,' NEMO. 