In the Legislative Assembly. By A. C. Tho procoedingB within [tho Chamber this week have been of suoh a grave character that really ono almost feared to approach its precincts. GhoBts and hobgoblins held high revelas ceinetory after cemetery was turned over and their ocoupants, rest their poor souls, dragged from their last resting place, as the pros and cons of tho Ceme- tery Act were under discussion. Tho under ourrent of party feating that influences tho members, particularly \ the old ones in their debates, oropped out in this one in full strength. . It was quite plain that tho Minister for LandB would not be allowed to put his measure through its reading without strong opposition. This was plain to evory ono after tho perusal of tho first portion, which of courso proposes the annihilation of tho " Necropolis Bill" recently passed when the Opposition were in power. This was not the only causo of strong opposition. Out- doors tho lately appointed Trustees wero working tooth and nail to hold on to thoir offices; for what reason it would be a difiloult matter to determine, for according to the framer of tho bill's statement, it was tho objections of the " Trustees" to tho Necropolis Act that af ousod him to action, and because forsooth lie went a little further than that body of gentlemen wished or proposed, a strong feeling was, through Mr Wearne tho member for Sydney West (one of th» trustees), raised against the very measure they themselves required. The debate brought out Bomo remarkable religious facts, for instance tho payment in two oases of tho large sum of £250 to olergymen in ono year, for performing tho funeral rites of their - respectivo ? denominations, Mr Buchanan' was not slow to handle donominationalism rather roughly, aud gave _ tb tho paid clergyman- of all religions and Beete, bis opinion rather freely. " Who (said tho hon. gentleman) ever heard of the Apostle 'Paul' re- ceiving £250 a year for religious services?" Quite true David, but the world has changed much since tho Apos- tle Paul's time.-1 Tho financial statement of tho BTon. Treasurer made this weak has not yet called forth muoh disaussion | the partial repeal of tho ad valorem, and tho on tiro abolition of tho nowspaper postngo form two of the principal items. Want of space this week prevents mo giving a fuller account of parliamentary proceedings, but if BM can afford to spare me a column noxt week I promise to make amends. 