THE FARM, THE CITY, AND THE SEA. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER VIII. THE following morning Ned was on deck, in his work- ing gear, at six bells. When the chief mate came out of his cabin Ned went up to him, and touching his cap, asked to be set to work. The mate, who seemed in a little better temper than he was on the previous day, asked Ned his name, and if he had signed articles. Ned told him his name, and said that he had not yet been asked to sign articles; that he only came on board yesterday afternoon, but that Captain Fidd had en- gaged him a fornight ago. The mate then told him to turn to and Wash decks. Ned off with his boots and socks, and went to work cheerfully, keeping a sharp look at the sailors, and imitating their way of handling the long-handled brush, and the buckets, as well as he could. After breakfast he inquired "what job he should do next?" "Can you go aloft?" asked the mate. "I'll try, sir," replied Ned promptly. "Have you ever been up on a yard?" Ned said be had not; so the mate ordered another lad, named Sam, to go up with Ned, and shake out the fore top-gallant sail, and fore-royal. Away went Ned up one side of the fore-rigging, while Sam went up the other side. Ned crept into the fore-top through "lubber's hole," but that was the only time he ever did so. He got up to the cross-trees easily enough, but it was rather severe work for him to shin up the top-gallant rigging; nevertheless, he did it, and was up on the royal-yard nearly as soon as Sam. When he came down to the deck, the mate told him to clean the brass work on the poop. Sam showed him where to get rubbers and bath-brick, and Ned went to work with so much spirit, that one of the sailors in passing asked him "if he was working by the job." By din- ner time he had finished his task, and all the brass- work shone like new candlesticks. Sam told him he was a flat for not spinning out the job till supper-time, but Ned replieed "that he did not want to learn to spin his time away in lazy tricks; he wanted to be a sailor." Captain Truck came on board in the afternoon, for the purpose of speaking a good word for Ned to Cap- tain Fidd, but unfortunately he was onshore. Captain Truck, however, spoke to the steward, with whom he was slightly acquainted, and he promised to get Ned a berth in the steerage, close to the pantry, provided it was not wanted for a passenger. Ned got permission to go on shore with his friend, as it was Saturday afternoon, but was ordered to be on board again at four bells the next evening. He spent a very pleasant Sunday with his sister, and Captain and Mrs. Truck, and their niece, Nelly. They went to church in the morning, and in the afternoon had some sacred music. Nelly played on the piano, and Ned and his sister joined in the singing. They had an early tea, and Ned started immediately after- wards for the Circular Quay, to meet the steward who was going off at six o'clock in the ship's boat, and had offered to take Ned on board at the same time. On the way to the quay he passed a small wooden house, the shingled roof of which had caught fire from a foul chimney. An infirm old woman was crying out for help; so Ned shouted out "Fire" as loudly as he could, and at the same time he assisted to carry her little bits of furniture into the street; in doing which he burnt his fingers, and singed his best cap. When he got to the Circular Quay, the steward had gone off with the boat; and as he had no money in his pocket, he was obliged to hurry back to Pyrmont, to borrow a shilling from Captain Truck to pay for a boat to the ship, so it was past eight bells when he got on board. He was met at the gangway by the sulky middy, who, in an authoritative tone, demanded why he was not on board earlier. Ned attempted to explain the cause of his detention, but was peremptorily told to "stop his slack, and go forward." He obeyed without another word, but had scarcely gone half-a-dozen paces along the deck before he received a rough punch behind his left ear, from the middy, who exclaimed, "There is part of what I owe you, and you can give me the change now, if you like." Ned was stunned for a moment, but on recovering himself he said, "You can hit me again if you please, but I shall not return it to- night." "What do you say? you coward! Take that for your sauce," vociferated the middy, striking Ned a second blow, as hard as the first one. "I think you are the coward, for hitting me after I told you that I would not strike in return." "Come on; I'll let you see," replied the middy, sparring up like a trained boxer. "You call me a coward, do you? Come on." But Ned walked away towards the forecastle, and as he was getting down the scuttle he was struck again in the face. "You may strike me as long as you like, I won't fight on Sunday; but if it were any other day I wouid dot your eyes and nose for you, in a minute," said Ned. "You shall fight it out now," yelled the middy, following Ned into the forecastle, where several of the crew were sitting. "Clear the deck for a set-to," said one of the men; but Ned again declared that he would not fight on a Sunday. "You are a cowardly clodpole," said his opponent, kicking him savagely. "Come, come, stow that game, sir! You may use your fists, but you must not use your feet down in our select quarters," said old Bill, the sailor. "Kicking isn't fair fighting, Mr. Pall; and you have been told that before to-day." "It's fair enough to kick a jackass," rejoined the mid- dy, and again he lifted his heavy boot, saying, "Take that!" Quick as lightning Ned caught the kicking foot in his hands, and in an instant the astonished lad was sprawling on the deck. "There, you take that, and tell me how you like it," said Ned, as he quietly seated himself on a chest. "Oh! he has broken my arm!" roared the middy. "Serves yon right if he has," said old Bill, warmly. "It was a lubberly trick to kick out in that way; you might have made that boy a hopping cripple for life. Run aft for the doctor, Sam." "Hold hard, boy," cried the middy, getting up and staggering to a seat, with his face contorted by pain. "Don't go tattling about this row in the saloon. Haul my jacket off, one of you." Ned sprang up and began to draw off his late opponent's jacket, as gently is a nurse; and at the same time he expressed his regret at the occurrence, which was quite unpreme- ditated on his part. The middy did not reply, but he looked abashed, as well as sulky. "Let.me have a look at your limb. Get out of the way, a dozen of you, and give a man room to breathe," said old Bill, rolling up Mr. Pall's shirt sleeve. "Tut! it isn't broken, at all—not a bit of it—it's only a bad sprain at the wrist. Who'll tear a strip or two off his shirt? Don't all speak at once!" "I have got some asrips of clean linen in my chest," said Ned; and away he ran to get them. A wet bandage was soon put found the injured part, and Mr. Pall went on deck, first cautioning them below not to say a word about the row; but if any one asked how the accident happened, they were to say that he had slipped down on deck, and fallen athwart the car- ronade. "He, ha, ha!" laughed old Bill, after the wounded middy had gone up the scuttle. "I should think he is sorry he came down here. Well, blow me, if that wasn't as neat a trick as I ever saw done by a con- juror! You capsized his wheelbarrow in half a crack, Ned. Ha, ha ha!" "I am very sorry for it," said Ned. "I did not mean to hurt him, though he tried to hurt me, seri- ously. I hope he won't tell the captain about it." "You needn't fret about that, my lad. He knows the skipper hates kicking, or any other brutality in his officers; and it is pretty well known that Mr. Pall is given to that sort of playfulness. Jemmy Ducks was laid up for a month, last voyage, through a kick he got from that same young thorough-bred. But I'll bet a dollar to a penny-piece that he won't play at hop-scotch with you again, Ned. Ha, ha, ha! 'Down went the dummy,' as the song says: and he looked as scared as if he had been tossed by a bull. After all, he may think himself lucky that he has only twisted his wrist out of gear: a fellow that I sailed with once, got a wooden leg for kicking out, horse fashion; and nobody was sorry for it except his wife. She did not like his timber limb, because he used to whop her with it when he got drunk. I'll tell you how he lost his leg." "I say, Bill, recollect it is Sunday night; so don't be spinning us any Tom Pepper yarns;" said a merry looking sailor, who was lying on his sea-chest, smok- ing. "If you don't know nicer behaviour than to stop a man when he is talking properly, you had best go on deck and smoke your pipe, Ben;" said Bill, solemnly. "The yarn I am going to tell is as true as the log- book, aft; and not like some of your rowdy twisters, which are not fit to be told in the middle of the week, let alone on a Sunday." "There, go on with your yarn about the bad leg, Bill," said the boatswain. "If Ben opens his jaws half-an-inch, to stop you again, I'll gag him with the handle of this pannikin." "Well, I was on a voyage to the Mediterranean, in a little barque called the Mary Ann. It's a good while ago, but that doesn't matter, I haven't told the story on board this ship before, and I tell it now as an awful warning against the lubberly trick of kicking. I was making spunyarn one day, and a young Cock- ney lad, on his first voyage, was turning the wheel for me. It was one of those old clumsy, wooden con- cerns—they are out of date now. We had it screwed to the windlass bitt, on the starboard, side, and Abel was turning it by a piece of gasketing round the spin- dle. Warm work it was for him, too, and I dare say he often wished himself back in his father's coal yard, at Ratcliff highway. Take it easy for a bit, shipmate, said I to the poor chap, who was sweating like a glass- blower. There is no call to work yourself stone-blind, though you do get ten shillings a month. So he sat down astride of the windlass end, but still keeping the wheel going about half speed. He had not been seated above two minutes, when the second mate came up, and began to curse the lad for skulking. "What do you mean by sitting down to your work? yelled the mate, who was a big, long-splice bully of a fellow, and he paid out a lot of ugly words, which I won't scare these youngsters by repeating; at the same time he made a savage kick at the boy's back bone. But Abel jumped up like a spring-jack, and the mate's foot missed him, but came foul of the iron truss hoop on the windlass end. My buttons! you should have seen him hop about, with his toe in his fist! and he turned as yellow in the gills as a Chinaman's ghost—" "I mean to say that all ghosts are milk white;" in- terrupted Ben, in a positive tone. "Get out with you!" sneered the boatswain; "I've seen jet black ones, in the West Indies; and ginger coloured ones too, when I was on the coast of Japan. But go on, Bill ; never mind this fellow: I don't be- lieve he knows a ghost from a sea-elephant." "He doesn't know good manners," said Bill, with a severe look at Ben. "Well, as I was going to say, the mate looked sorry for his mistake; and I'm blowed if I didn't laugh till I was half choked, but I did not know it was such a serious go with him. To make a long story short, when we got to Smyrna, a couple of doctors there said the mate's, right foot must be cut off, to save his life. He swore that he would not part even with his little toe nail, for he was a real obstinate chap: but at the week's end he was obliged to have his leg lopped off just above the knee-joint, for the limb was mortifying. To this day, if he is alive, he goes hopping on a wooden pin; so you see what he got for his cowardly trick in kicking at a poor hard- working lad. Let that be a warning to all you young-ones," added Bill, appealingly. "Never kick, mind that boys. Nor you had better not be too ready to use your fists, neither; for fighting, in any shape, is only what Doctor—What's-his-name, the hymn- maker, calls a dog's delight." The next day Mr. Pall appeared on deck, with his left arm in a sling. He had given his own account of the accident, which no one contradicted. As the ship was to sail on the following Saturday, Ned wrote to his parents apprising them of the same, and his father came to Sydney, to see him once more, and to be assured that he was quite willing to go to sea. The captain gave him half a day on shore, and he spent it at Captain Truck's house, with very pleasant com- pany. Nelly looked sorrowful when Ned took up his cap to depart that evening. He was sad also, but was too shy to say a word to her, expressive of his feelings. The tender pressure of her little hand, and the tearful glisten of her loving eyes, produced a tingling in his breast, which kept him awake for several hours after he had turned into his berth that night. He had no doubt it was love that affected him, although he had never before experienced a similar feeling. Forty times or more, he wished that he had mustered courage enough to whisper to her, "Nelly, dear; I love you!" There could be no harm in saying that— he thought—and there was such a good opportunity when he was bidding her a final adieu in Captain Truck's back parlour. And when her pretty, pensive lips said, "Good bye, Ned:" what a goose he was, that he did not give her a parting salute—only one soft, loving, luscious kiss to warm his heart for the whole voyage, with the lively remembrance of it. Perhaps she expected it, too, he thought, for she had seen him kiss Mrs Truck, and little Sukey, and his sister Ann, and his father—all in the house, in fact, except Captain Truck and herself. "Ah well! it is no use wishing for cherries out of season," sighed Ned, as he turned over again in his berth. Perhaps it is well that I did not kiss her, for it might have been considered a rude act, and have offended her: girls are sometimes very touchy at such familiarities; and it is only right and proper that they should be so. Heigho! she is a darling, little dear, and I would not vex her for the world full of kisses. Ned then fell asleep, and dreamed that Nelly had kissed him twice, and told him that, as he was her first love, he should be her only love, for seven years to come: she would wait that time for him; and if he learned to be a clever sailor, and remained true to her, she would faithfully promise to be his devoted Nelly for life. It was only a dream, but when Ned awoke in the morning he could hardly persuade himself that it was not a reality; and as he put on his .working gear, and prepared to go on deck to his duty, he resolved, that he would strive his utmost to become a thorough sailor; and he would also keep true to his first love—his charming, blue-eyed Nelly Ford. On Saturday morning at daylight, a steam tug came alongside: and when the anchor was weighed, she turned ahead, and soon the Dashwater was out at sea, on her way to London. 