NEWS BY THE MAIL. From our London Correspondent. London, 9th Sept. 1870. When Victor Hugo was exiled by the man who, a short time ago, was the French Emperor, he wrote .a terrible poem called. "The Expiation." In that poem the illustrious exile draws a picture of the first Napoleon pursued by an awful spirit charged with the duty of avenging the 18th Bruniaire, when Napolieon overthrew the liberties of France and proclaimed himself First Consul, At Moscow the avenging spirit appears to him, and there begins the expiation of the great crime against the life of France. Retreating from Moscow, amid famine and desperation, pursued by hordes of furious Cossacks, his army having perished in the snow,. Napoleon turns to this avenging spirit, and asks. " Is this the expiation?" " Not yet J" replies the spirit.tNext he appears a helpless prisoner on the rock of St. Helena, his greatness gone, his enemies triumphant over him. Again the fallen Emperor turns and asks. " Is this the expiation?" "Not yet!" replies the invisible attendant. At last he sinks into a dishonoured grave; his ghost rises, and before that ghost the avenging spirit raises a vision of the past and the future. After reviewing some of the horrors of the past he is made to look forward to what is to come upon the land whose liberties he. has destroyed. He sees a mountebank upon the imperial throne—one raised there, only because he bears the name of Napoleon, and the second Empire the centre of corruption and crime, the intellect and dignity of the nation trampled in the mire, and every noble spirit, every true heart, every powerful intellect, banished to the "isles of the sea." Then sayE the spirit to the spectre, " The day of expiation has come at last; the crime of the 18th. Brumaire is avenged." But even the prophetic eye of Victor Hugo did not take in. all the horrors that were to add to the expiation of the 18th. Brumaire. "Even he di& nofc^ee that the end of the empire reached over the slain forms of men, .women and children ; and Napoleon, hunted from village to village, to surrender at last. The end of the second Empire showed us the Emperor a prisoner in Germany, the Empress desirous to fly from St. Cloud; the Prince Imperial, " Child of France," a refugee in Belgium; the author of " L'Expiation," after a long, long banishment, a welcomed visitor to Paris. How has this occurred ? I will endeavor to tell you as explicitly as possible. The Emperor, and with him France, has long been jealous of the rising power of Prussia. Accordingly he has used every means which he, the u strategist in diplomacy," could employ to keep his own balance of power in Europe while his neighbour,, Prussia, was aggraudising herself. Unfortunately for him, the prop upon which he has mainly depended has latterly been gradually giving him warning that it was not to be relied upon any longer; his bodily powers, without which personal government would be a myth, were leaving him. During the last half year or more he has been obliged to trust upon what have turned out to be the rottenest of reeds. France has slowly and inefficiently armed herself: her neighbor, Prussia has rapidly and effectually done so. While the lattex looks upon her sons, almost without exception, as soldiers, the former has allowed the hard and fast line of conscription to be broken through by the principal of substitution. Thus, corps which should have mustered 3000 men, with difficulty got together half that number; and th« £80 paid by each French conscript as substitute money has been largely embezzled. Gross corruption was practised in the Commisariat department and that which regulated the supply of Chassepots. The Emperor, whose weak health would not allow him to personally inspect the state of Frrance'6 body-guard, relied on the statements of others; and those statements were that the army was fit to fight. Future generations will therefore, acquit the Emperor of knowingly entering upon a war with a powerful natiou, whilst his army was unfit to meet an eueruy. Occasion was made, as is believed in England, to fight Germany. England was favorably inclined towards France when the latter country demanded that the Prince of the House of Hohenzollern should relinquish all design upon the throne of Spain. It was considered that France had a right— keeping in view the balance of power in Europe—to make such a demand, and for several days after it was known that the Ktng of Prussia had acceded, on behalf of his relative, to the French claim, we all looked forward to a resumption of good feeling. It is not possible to state, at this moment, why the reply of the King was not considered satisfactory. An on dit has it that Marshall Lnbeuf, at a Cabinet meeting, strenuously urged a war, because the army was in a more efficient state than it bad been for many years; that he was warned by a Minister present of the seriousness of his proposals, and that the Emperor, half hesitating, said that a further demand should be made. This was to the effect that the King of Prussia should gurantee that no prince of his House should occupy the Spanish throne. The demand was refused, in consequence France declared war and lost the sympathy of England. Immediately after the declaration of War, strange scenes were to be witnessed in Paris, sufficient to warm a person, of the fatal blow that was intended. The city was in a ferment of of patriotic ardour. In each theatre a male or female figure, costumed as Liberty, kneeling with the tricolourclasped to the breast sang the Marseillaise. In the streets the crowds sang the same inspiring song and the " Chant du depart." Had there been any reality in the nation, any great couciousness of moral purpose they wonld have cut their tongue out before they would have sung the Marseillaise under the heel of their tyrant. As it was, they only attested the demoralization which has reached to the very foundations of national veracity. In the towns lvin between Paris and the trontier line, the streets were strewn with drunken Zouaves, and officers were sitting at the doors of cafe's •sipping coffee in utter unconcern. Passing over to Germany, how different the scene I The theatres closed, not even- the concerts, in which the Germans, delight, • were te be heard every man and woman absorbed in the one thought of the terrible task to which Germany had been called. Through streets otherwsie solitary, soldiers marched by day and by night, praying and singing. During the three weeks which a friend of mine passed with the German Army, he saw but one drunken soldiers—not one straggler skulking from the combat to which the father-land was challenged; and eveiy one, without exception—some very young—knew the cause for which he was about to fight, felt an interest iti the contest, and realized that there was a principle to be defended. You already know the result of this non chalance on one side, and steady^determination on the other. But allow me to put it in a chronological form. July 29. Proclamation of the Emperor to the army. He affirms that the war " will be a long and severe one." Aug. 2. The French cross the frontiu', and take the heights above Saarbriick. The Emperor and Prince Imp. present. Aug. 4. The Crown Prince af Prussia attacks the French at Weissemburg, and forces them to retire, with the loss of the General of Division, Abel Douay, and 500 prisoners. Aug. 6. Great battle at Woerth in which the Crown Prince, defeats the French, taking 2 Eagles, 6 mitrailleuses, 30 Cannon, and 4,000 prisoners. Battle of Fovbach, in which the French are also defeated and driven back. The French army in retreat all along the line. Aug. 7. Paris Paris declared in a state of siege. The Prussians are reported'to be at St. Avoid, 27 kilometres from Metz. ug. 8. The French concentrating to march on the Vosges mountains, and defend the passes. Aug. 9. An army of the Prussians reported to be concentrating on the Saar, and the French on Metz. Vote of " no confidence" in the Ollivier ministry, which resigns; aud the Comte de Palikao is entrusted with the formation of a ministry. \- Aug. 10. Strasburg invested, and the railways leading thence occupied by the Prussians. The Prussians advance to a line within 10 miles of Metz. Aug. 14. The battle of Courcelles. The French commence to cross tne left bank of the Moselle. When half had crossed, the Prussians attacked and an obstinate fight ensued; both sides claimed the victory. The Emperor left Metz with the Prince Imperial, for Verdun, " relying on the patriotism of the army to defend the city, the bulwark of France." Aug. 15. The fort of tarsal capitulated. Aug. 16. Battle of Vionville. The garrison of Strasbm-g made a sortie, but was driven back. Naval combat to the west of Rugen. Aug. 17. Several minor engagements near Gravelotte. Aug. 18. Battle of Gravelotte. Aug. 19. Bombardment of Strasburgh from near Kehl commenced. The Emperor and Prince Imperial at Chalons. Aug. 22. The camp at Chalons raised, and the troops extended, and occupied positions along the Marne. Aug. 23. Metz completely isolated: the Prussians having cut the communications between Thionville, Moutmedy and Metz. The army of MacMahon concented at Rheiins, where the Emperor and Prince Imperial also are. Aug. 24. Prussian head-quarters advanced from Pont-a-Mousson to Bar-le-duo, Aug. 25. German advanced posts pushed within from 500 to 600 yards from the fortress of the Strasburg French fortress of Victry capitulates. Aug. 26. The Army of the Crow;n Prince joined at Barle-duc by a portion of the King's army. The Prince Imperial at Retbel. During this day and some days preceding, 2,000 people comprising vagrants and suspicion characters arrested at Paris. Aug. 28. Prussian scouts continue to advance towards Paris. Prussian cavalryjand infantry, to the number of 2,000 pass through Chalons, on the way to Epernay. Prince Impl. arrived at Sedan. The 13th Army Corps, estimated at 50,000 men, sent to McMahoa from Paris. Aug. 29. The village of Vrizy, between Vonziers and Attigny, stormed and captured by Prussian hussars. Prince Impl. returns to Mezieres. Aug. 30. The head-quarters of Mc Mahon at Sedan. Severe battle on the Belgian Frontier. The Prussians attack the troops under McMahon as they are marching between Carignan and Mouzon, and a portion of the Frencli avmy is routed. After the battle the Prussians enter Cariguan. Aug. 31. The battle of the proceeding day renewed on the road from Sedan to Montmedy. Sep. 1. Fighting continues round Sedan. The French driven back. Sep. 2. The French at Strasburg made a sortie, but were compelled to reenter the fortress. Sept. 3. Sedan and McMahon's army capitulate, and the Emperor surrenders himself to the King, announcing that be has no command, and leaves everything to the Regency at Paris. The two monarchs meet, and the King Passigns k the Emperor a residence at Wilhelmshohe, near Cassel, Germany. Marshall McMahon was wounded. The Legislative Chamber at Paris is severely invaded by the people, who demand the deposition of the Emperor and the proclamation of a Republic. Deposition of the dynasty is proclaimed by M. Gambetta, Jules Favre and other deputies of the Left. Sept. 4. The Prussians reported to be 24 kilometres from St. Quentin, marching direct on Paris. A Republican Ministry formed at Paris. Mc Mahon said to be dead. Sept. 5. A Parisian mob tears down the Imperialistic insignia from the houses. The Empress privately leaves the Tuilleries, and France. Sept. 6. The Prince Imperial at Brussels en route for England. The report of McMahon's death contradicted. The upper part of his thigh is shot away. The French workmen publish a Republican appeal to Germany in favor of peace. Sept. 7. Negociations opened with Bazaine for the capitulation of Metz. The French Miuistry addresses a circular to its agents abroad, signed by Jules Favre. The Bourse heavy. Rentes closed at 5If., or 20c. lower than yesterday. Sept. 8. Reported successful Sortie from Strasbourg and loss of 8.000 by the Germans. The new French Ministry in disfavor with the people. A general feeling of insecurity in Paris, on account of the absence of the police, and the want of vigour on the part of the Government. As might have been anticipated, the military schoolmaster is abroad amongst us. We have been informed officially our naval force, on which we so much depend, is in a high state of efficiency. Moreover, a sober spoken statesman, whose utterances are respected by Liberal and Conservative alike, and who is not in the Ministry, to wit, Lord Derby. assures us that, in point of naval power we were never stronger than now; that we have upon the seas a fleet equal in effective strength, he believed, to any two of those that are now afloat. But it is questionable whether the feeling of superiority in this respect and the knowledge of our insular posi tion may, not be accountable for the inferior description of our army as compared with those of onr neighbors. The question as to how long Paris could hold out if beseiged brought the question forward with regard to London, and the answer was that it would be difficult for either city to hold out for three weeks, if indeed for three days; that, notwithstanding its fortification Paris is no better calculated to withstand a seige now then "when defenceless in 1814. As to ourselves, the Times, in an admirable article on the subject, says:-—" Secure in our ocean fold, we h ive come to regard ourselves as sheep who might discard all fear of wolves' grazing and growing in peace, with an occasional panic, forgotten six months afterwards. Even our colonists have carried with them to the antipodes the national idea of an English flock protected fxom the native wolves by a few ^professional sheep dogs. As the idea is now exploded there, it may be severely tried at home, and we may live to see the British householder told that, if he cares for his property and family, . he must take his own measures for their safety. Our artisans, as well as some classes above them, want physical development, and might be improved in manners, bearing, and in the sense of what they owe to society * * # We have dwelt rather in the loss [by wai ] as it affeets the working classes but the trnth is, it is the midmiddle or commercial class that loses most. Being almost wholly exempted from military calculations and military influences here. The middle class youth must not enlist; he may not hope for a commission, and he mnst give vent to his natural force of character in some other way than the defence and honor of his country. Nowhere is there such a waste of noble qualities as here. Of cource they do find themselves free outlets and profitable applications, but the country throws them away and may one day feel the want of them. " This is admirable language, and it contains a great truth. Our Volunteers have been firmly told that they are not fit to meet an enemy, that it would be butchery to place them face to face with regulars. I can confirm this. If any one, with only a rudimentary knowledge of military tactics will take the trouble to scrutinize the movements of a single battalion taken at random from the mass on a Volunteer field day, the chances are greatly that he will perceive an amazing want of knowledge on the part of both officers and men; that the former cannot carry out a manaeuvre when the word is given by their superiors, and that the rank and file handle their arms in a ludicrous fashion, that in wheeling, the front rank of corps will present the appearance of a bow instead jf that of an unbroken straight line, and that, in all probability, the only movement it can perform with credit is the " march past." There are some exceptions to this rule, and they are so well known here that the names of their corps have pressed into a proverb for effectiveness. As you are aware, and Education Bill has been passed during the late session. Two parties used their utmost efforts, both before and during its passage through the two Houses, to affect the reading of its clauses—the " National Education League," which originated at Birmingham, whose cry was " unsectarian, secular education;" the other party chose for a title the " National. Education Union," and hailed from Manchester. It demanded that the bible should be read, and the creed of the Church of England taught it all stater aided schools. The effect of the hard work done by each side was a kind of compo-bill, which, I believe, will see it tried in London, where, by great exertions, it may be made to work in pome fashion; but I doubt it will be a terrible bone of contention in the provinces. But more anon. Another enactment of the late session cotnes into force on the 1st. October— the half-penny post card and newspaper stamp. The post card is simply a piece of thin paste board, of rather small dimensions, one side to be occupied by the halfpenny stamp and the address, the other by the communication desired to be sent by this means. It is confidently expected that they will be largely used by business men, some large firms having already taken steps to that end. The half-penny newspaper stamp is certain to have an extended use, and is likely to hurt the news-vending trade very much; the proprietors of the Times having intimated their willingness to forward that paper through the post for 3d. per copy; its present nominal price without postage. The Workmen's International Exhibition, which is being held in the large building known as the Agricultural Hall, is apparently a success, so far as visitors are concerned. There is a variety of articles on view, most of the space being naturally occupied by the iuventions of British workmen. The Continent is not 60 well represented as I had hoped to see it, nevertheless France sends some fancy goods; Italy fnrnishes sculpture, Bavaria, hops ; &c.;, &c.; There is a number of pianos and one or two harmoniums, a large organ, and a set of church bells; and it i6 not an unusual thing to hear all in motion at once, together with sundry horizontal and vertical engines, many feet of shafting, pullies, leather straps, silkweaving shuttles, saws, turning apparatus, &c.; But at the Agricultural Hall the people seem always to be quite satisfied, and to be thinking " There's room in this world for us all." Albeit, I can say that it is not very pleasant, when sitting in front of the orchestra and intently listening to the " He was despised and rejected of men" which sounds so solemn as sung by the lady on the conductor's left, to be rudely reminded as to where you are by the man in the gallery to your right, who makes and sells braces, who just now has no customers, and who vents his spleen ou the young lady aforesaid by mis-keeping time with his hammer. The Queen has paid a visit to this Exhibition; and on the 7th inst., Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone, accompanied by several other personages, inspected the articles on view. Money Market Thursday Evening September 8. Business on the Stock Exchange showed no symptoms of returning activity, but the markets were slightly firmer, a report that the neutral powers intended making proposals for an armistice having iuduced a more confident tone. The buoyancy of the funds was increased by the limited supply of slock at the monthly settlement yesterday. Consols improved 1-I6th, to 91 15- 16th, 92 1-16 for money, 3-16 for the 4th Oct. The Threes and Reduced Annuities rose to 90 § less the half- yearly dividend ; and Bank Stock 1, to 235, 237. Exchequer Bills are Is. to 6s. prem : India 101 per cents., 204. 206 ; ditto. Five per ccnts. 106^. 110£, ditto Four per cfints, 99J, 100 ex div.; Enfaoed Four per cents, 91^, ditto. Five per cents, 99£, 100£; ditto. Five and a half per ceuts, 106 ; Bonds lis. to 18s. prem: Corporation of London Bonds, 101,103; and Metropolitan Three and a half per cent, 9 If, 92£. The Government Broker purchased £34,000 New Three per cents., 91|, for the Sinking. Foreign Stocks firm. Weather muggy and rainy during past fortinght or three weeks. 