CIKMON ON THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. Oil Sundry evening, April 24, St Francis Iwcrs was oowoed, in ccosequeoao of an «lu< vLceii.ei.t that Father liinterooker would picich in Gentian a special sermon on the *£ci mi nical Council. After the usu d evening at rv ce his reverence introduced his subject- by rtaiing the 15th chapter of the Acts of the A|J< sties, nanatiug the diB-ensions which octI;red at Auti'^h with regard TO circumcisicn, the mission of Paul and liarnabis to Jerusalem to co;:~r.Jfc the apostles and jjdors, the icluiug of tt Co ii oil to Lvjui llii'.ir aii^i^i, i-Iio declaration of Peter than tlie Apostles had heen chosen of God and endowed ' v the tloly Gaoafc, the audience then gruute-'i to t aui a ud iiarna oas, ibe ruing of Jann-b as Bishop of the Church at Jerusalem ou the disputed doctrine, and trie return of the delegates to Antio ih, accompanied l>y certain of the brethren at Jerusalem. The preacher eloquently deecribed ;he meeting of the elevtn Apostles after the as-?ousion of oui lord, when they resolved to go forth and preach His gospel to all the world, aloting caeh other oibirictt, in each of wtiicii they tad left monuments of their zeal. James bad beta appointed over the Church in Juaej.; Peter had addressed himself to the strangers in Cappadociu and Galatia; Thomas had penetrated Snio the farthest regions of India and to the confines of China; wmle Matthew hud turned tuwurd ihe south to become the apostie of the Ethiopians. These founders of the Church did not bind themselves by Moses, and they had. as jet to written word for the new dispensation. They preached Christ from their own personal knowledge, and taught His Gospel as they lad received it directly from Himself. Their eTery" power of body and soul was absorbed into the faith which they promulgated. Gut no zeal or earnestness could preserve the Church from false doctrine. It was inevitable that out of sucii diverse and incongruous materials differences of faith should arise. These, as in the case of circumcision at Antiocb, were naturally referred to the assembled elders of the Church, and hencs arose the earliest Church Council for a type of all that Lave succeeded it during the past nineteen centuries. The preacher, in explaining the significance of this eveat, showed first why the disciples at Antioch appealed to Jerusalem ; secondly, whence the apostles and oilers •derived their authority to arbitrate as they did on questions of faith; and thirdly, the S round of .the. preeminence assumed by" Peter.- erusalem had been the cradle of the Church, Jhe Apostles had been ordained of Christ and inspired by the Holy Ghost. Moreover, Peter bad received a special commission from Christ. From the example of this first Council it was deduced that a supreme power u required iu the Church to expound the Scriptures ; and co give lawB to its disciples that the priests of the future hierarchy are representatives of the original presbyters ; and that- the spirit which descended at Pentecost has been transmitted through the apostles to the succeeding heads of the Church. The preacher nest •cautioned his hearers ag&iust; false interpretations which had been placed on the means by which tho Church Councils had enforced their decrees. He had seen lately in a local Gjrann jeper an extract from the Allgttneiiie Zt.ila.rig professing to contain the theses to be adopted ey the (Ecumenical Council now sitting at Rome. £ach concluded with an er set verjlaji, watei Protestant readers would interpret into " Let him be accursed." The words were not intended to bear such a meaning, bat to ^present the original Greek aruit/iema. , It implied (inly excommunication and excision from tie Church. No Council arrogated greater power than that. It did not profess to <iwu hsretics, tut only iheir heresies. It declared certain errors to be damnable in themselves, but did sot presume to pronounce on the future fate of any human soul. The rev. father having thus defined the functions of the Church Council, traced its history through the Papal age. to the present day. During the first four centuries, when the Church lived under the oppression of heathenism a-.i beset with false religions, Councils had necessarily been frequent. The appearance of each new heresy had generally to be followed by a Council, that the faith of the Church might be vindicated and distinguished. They had been attended by all nations v/ituin the Catholic world ; one of them which was Lcld during the 12th century having- congregated over a thousand Bishops more than are new in Rome. Thii preacher went on to explain the special objects of the existing Council and to justify its designs. He warmly resented ths comments of the Protestant Pre 53, characterizing them asjmmitigatea lies. He ass orted that freedom of discasaion prevailed, .and that the opposition formed a small aiid very insignificant minority. For his own part lie did not read find would ncvei- think of believing such journals as the All^arv-drce Zcilung, La. France, and the limes. They were wtchicorai on everything connected with the CciiKcd. They had in particular misreprssanted the dogma of Papal infallibility, which ojd not imply that the Pope was superior to hum in error. It had no reference to his private judgment or conduct, but only assarted that, as Pope, he could not in the name ef the Church promulgate lake doctrino. In this sense the dogica had been accepted by previous Councils, and it was no new pretension. As f »r the iiyLiabtis. it ftid not arrogate plenary IkiidiOij i/jf". It viis . simply a series of canons delivered cx cathedra by His Holiness,and voluntarily adopted by all branches of the Church. Th-j reverend father concluded a very earnest and forcible discourse by predicting that the de'tilie- Tations of the Council would shed light on tho spiritual darkness of the world, and chat tho opposition it had encountered wodd only opsrate as opposition had ever done in the history of the Church, for the promotion of its Buccal. 