LITERATURE FOR THE, MONTH. . (From ouir owon Oorrespondent.) ' S. ? ug st 1870. . The literature. calledforth by the Council at Rome is rather on the increase than other wise, now that .time has enabled thoughtful writers to prepare works upon the subject of Romanism, thie more that 'thoevoting of the dogma of the Infallibility of :the Pope has made the decisions of theCouncil more serious The step thus taken has produced a division not 'only in the Council, but throughout the whole Romish community. It has led to the abrogation of :the Concordat in Austria, and' there are signs that in several Roman Catholice countries the liberal party will draw off some, if not entire, allegiance to the Pope. The dogma is so mionstrous and absurd that intel ligent Romanists aire disigusted. The result may be a new 'Protestantism. Meanwhile the subject is, discussed upon the Continent, perhaps more than here, for on the one hand the acceptance, on the other the denial of the dogma must be justified. Foreign works are translated, and original English works are written, so that the whole bearings of the recent decisions,qf the Papal, Council may be understood. Messrs. Longman and Co. 'are preparing for publication a translation of Baron Huber's "Memoir of Pope Sixtus V." -His short pontificate at the end of the 16th century, his attitude towards Queen Elizabeth, his blame less life, austere morals, and stern justice, give interest to a work which French review, ers praise most highly for vigour, gracefulness, and purity of style. The same publishers' have just issued, in octavo (18s), "The See of Rome in the Middle Ages," by the Rev. Oswald J. Reichel, B.C.L., Vice-Principal of Cudrdesden College. The history of the Papacy until the period of the Reformation is executed with extraordi nary vigor and animation. It commences with the papacy of Gregory T., and ends with that of Leo X. The feature characteristic of this period is the process by 'which the Church becanie concentrated in the persons of the bishops of Rome. The author inclines to the belief that the papacy; was as little of a usurpation ' as 'was the empire; that its growth was the result of general causes; that it was the legitimitte `expression of medieval ideas; but that now' the middle ages are over its real position is'ond oof importance only to Romanists, and that it: is an interest ing anachronism. The text'is supplied- with extensive foot-notes from original sources, and ,,accompanied by, several .genealogical tables,, a list of contemporary papers and emperors, and four appendices ,containing the principal English statutes referring, to Romanism. ' From Messrs. Madmillan & Co. we have "Tlib Growth of the Teoporal Power of: t'he i Padacy"-a histo-ical rdvi'w, with observa tions on the Council of the Vatican '(8s'6d); It is a very admirable popular exposition of the subject-a valuable contribution to the right apprehension of the present position of aflilirs, DMr. Legge is of opinion that the papacy, at least as a temporal power, is in its decay, and that'tbe causes of. its decay have long been in operation.., The ostentatious gathering at Rome, and the lofty assertions of the. Pope, do not affect his deliberately-formed i judgment. ,Ho rather inclines to the notion that the fall of the Papacy ,' may bo.pro Scipitated by the event which Pope Pius IX. L believes ordained of God for its full develop nient and' glory." His 'view 'would be strengthened by'the withdrawal of the'French s troops from Romie, which has been taking place during the last 'few days. " ,' Bishops -'and Councils, their Causes and Consequences," by James Lillio,'"D.D.i'is the t tile• of a little (3s Gd) vol. published by i Nimmo. It is a very worthy contribution on 1 the subject. . ' .:A rather better book is "?(Ecumenical s Councils," a course of lectures by V. Urwick, t M.A.(Sinmpkia). It is a very useful handbook o -concise and comprehensive- written with a great ability, imoderation, and clearness., .The L. materials are drawn from tlhe best sources, e hihudled fairly and coprteously, and are ski! e fully hsed to set the 19 councils in a distinc .t tire and interesting light. as Two scholarly works come 'to us from e Messrs. Clark-" Rome' and the Councilin 1e theo'lth Century," by Felix Bungenter, trans d lated from the French; and "The Refutation of all Heresies," by Hippolytius. M.; Bln is gener examines the. career of the papacy from s the Council of Trent to the present Council, o aIl riCatholio sceking to determine what these three centuries have done" for his . Church, 1- whether good "or evil. Hippolytus was a d disciple of Irenmus, contemporary with Origen, , and. a zealous opponent of the heresies of a Zephyrinus and Gallistus, Bishops of Rome. I Tihe work now translated and published was discovered in a Greek convent in 1842, and r, is a very valuable contribution to the history Id of the Church at the end of the second and r. beginning of the third century. is Two other works must be mentioned in id this connection. "Present Day Papers on I;Prominent Questions in T'heology" (7s Gd, Pl. Strachan), edited by Bishop Ewing,of Argyll I. and the Isles. The subjects are ' The Atone t, ment,' ' The Eucharist,' 'The Rule of Faith,' * ' The Present' (by the celebrated Wm. Law), 'Unbelief,' ' Words from Things,' ' Medita tions and Prayers.' An excellent volume " Essays, chiefly on Questions of Church and I State," by Dean Stanley (i6-, Murray)-a .1 clear, attractive, catholic work. The Dean is considerate towards 'those hlio' differ from him. Charles Dickens, if we are to believe the spiritualists, is as active and cuga~,io in the other world as he was in this, as they are taking liberties with his name, and beginning to publish revelations which they pretend to I have received from him; we -feel inclined to say, with Mary in the Ghost- .. "It Is very hard ibehm kind of men 'Won't let a body be." The Dickens salq, at Christie and, lanisgn's was a wonderful testimony to the popularity of the deceased novelist.. The prices realised were marvellous. "'Dolly Vardon," e.g.. a painting which could not have cost .Mr. Dickens more than £e20, sold for . £1000. True, it is by Frith ;that, of course, enhances its worth. . One painted'by Stanfield fetched 000 guineas, This, with two others, were so little valued by Dickens at one time that he left thorm,'" bhind 'at ,Tavistook House as I fixtures, till his'tenaut begged him to remove I them as they were ,"disagreeable to his wife." A stilffed. rhven, the original of Barnaby Rudge's "Gripi," ofwhoim Mr. Dickens re lates'that' it deovured a whole staircase just before it died, brought the enormous price of , 120 guineas. And six silver toddy. ladles 1 presedtdd by the publishers of "Pickwick". I to the author, having a separate Pickwick character on the: top, fetched: respectively' £69, £30, £51, £30, £64, £28, consider-! ably more than their, worth in weight of gold. 1 The best portrait of Dickens, by Maclise, fell to the Rev. Sir ?dward Jodrell. for 6600 guineas-"a chcap'picture. 'The great crowd 1 of relic-hunters bid well,and many went away i unable to obtain admission.. It is said thatl ?r. Charles'Dickens has declined the offer of 1 £2000 made him by a nobleman for the M.S.' of "'Edw in rood." : The last number ofi this appears this month with a finely en- 1 graved portrait from the lbet photograph of the' auth or . Mr. Hatton has issued a memoir ~hich is of I a more substantial character than;the news paper and 'magazinq sketches which have been given' of the gret.- novelist-'-Charles I Dickens.:' theo story of his, life, by the' author,,of the'i Life of Thackeray." It has L]eter's portrait of Dichiens in the character; of Captaiin Bgbadil; views of the houses in wl'ich Dickens lived from, time.to time, and in which. he wrote his works;; facsimile of hisl handwriting, and literary curiosities; a studyi of his various portraits, from 1839 to 1870; ai study 'of his principal 'characters, by IabletI K. Brown (Phiz), &c.; All the leading events of Mr. Dickens's lifeo are hero noted, and, some that are less lknown :-information> about "Pick'wick," and 'his other works. For 6s. we haved a capital idpitomoe until Mr. Forster supersedes by his' complete memoir. There is' also a volunme' of Dickens's speeches on literary anid' social occasions in Englind and n 'America. ' Mr. Elihu Burritt has returned to America, 'after 'seven years' residence in England, as ( United States Consul, at Birmingham. " The African, Trade between India and China," is a shilling pampinhlet published for the abori giies' protection, .'c.,-a reprint of two articles which have recently appeared in the Colonial Intelligencet, embodying a great t deal of useful, and. timely , information. Croclic? ]Brothers issue an cighteenpenny edition of Cary'sDante,with 100 pages of notes, C printed in good type, on good paper, in a1 handy, form., Mr. Tegg has published a new t edition of the third volume of Dr. Stevens's History of Methodism. This includes the period from the death of Wesley to the Cen tenary Jubilee, of 1839. The now volume of the' Sunday Library is, The Life of St. Anslem, by the Rev. W. R. Church. Of the Globe series, Cowper's Poetical Works. Of the' Golden ITreasury series, Attwell's Book of Golden Thoughts. All from Macmillan and Co. ' ' ' Messrs.Longmiin and Co. have issued their series of 'Popular Treasuries, known' as " Maionder's," consisting of about 900 pages each, fcp. 8vo., at the very cheap price of 6s each. The neweditions havebeen thoroughly revised.-Messrs. Parker & Co. have published a"'Concordance to " The Christian Year." The first volnme of lthe Grapeie is very handsome, a wonder:fully cheap and beauti. fully illustrated volume for a guinea. Messrs. Moxon will shortly issue their edition of' the poets-Byron, Longfellow, Words; worth, and Scott-each volume with' eight engravings on steel, at a very cheap rate (3s 6d each).' We have also new and cheaper editions of Mr. Lawrence Oliphlant's " Picca dilly"-a Fragment of Contemporary Biography-a fine satire (Os); and of Mr. Macgregor'e "Thousand Miles in the Rob Roy Canoe" (2s 6d).-Mr. Hottin will imme diately publish " The Genial Showman," or Adventures with Artemus Ward, by E. P. Hingston, 2v, illustrated by Brunton: this work will give sketches of show-life in the Fuar West, on' the Pacific Coast, among the Mines of California, in Salt Lake City, across the Rocky Mountains, &c.-Messrs.; Allen and Co.' will publish in a few days The Sepoy War in India in 1857.8, by J. W. Kaye, F.R.S.-It is' reported that Mr. Hughes (" Tom Brown") is about to sail to America, to spend some months there in studying the laws, manners, and"custok's of our trans atlantic cousins.-The son of the' Rev. T. Barham, author of the Ingoldsby Legends, is preparing a life of his father.--A society has been' formed. for the promotion of Hebrew literatitro' Messrs. F. D. Mocatta, S. Sharpe, and Dr. ~Adler fire among its supporters. -Lord Lyttdn is said to be writing a new tale for Dicckwoood, for which he is to receive £3000.--Once-a. 1Peek announces a new serial novel by Mr. Hain Triswell, under the title of "One ot Two, or a Left- Handed Bride." TFle .Edinburgh Reviewo in an article on "The Toext of Clsecer," announces the formation of a Chascer Society, mainly for tbohe purpose of prining the best .existing mmnuasripts of the poet's workse-points out what advanltagoois changoes will be secured by collation, and reports the lateut text, edited by Mr. Morris, and issued in the new series of Aldino Poets is undoubtedly the best. "The SBaltic Provinces of Russia, "-.Courland, SLivland, and Easthland,-havo mot with soan anble Ihistorian who tells us all about them, and shows how they are being Russianised, with Slittle power to withstand the overpowering in fluenco and little hope of foreign intervention. S"The Chief Victories oet the Emperor Charles SV., illustrated ,with portraits, prints, and notes," by Sir William Stirling Maxwell, SBart., privately printed for him, is the subject \- of a very readable papeFor in which the spirit, taste, and learning of Sir William in preparing the magnif8oent volumereoeivea deserved praise. Mr. Gatten'se work on "Hereditary Genius" is said to be written by one who possesses vast knowledge' :and acknowledged' intellectual power, but who advocates a theory which is not adequately'etihstaRntinted by facts. M. St; 'Bsve, Senator and Academician, one of the chief literary ltars of France, who died last Novooeber, finds a blographer, and expoient of his literary labours. In a paper on " Manuals of Ancient History," Rawlinson's, and Lenormont's are both coidomned. We have no wish whatever to depreciate thC merits of Mr. lRawlinson, especially as a geographer, but he has put forth a manual of ancient history in which' (as in his Chaldean history) assumptions' are made and artificial cbrono logy is oexhibited. Faraday and his scientific discoveries form the subject of a sketch. "Postal Telegraphs ctare the topic of a very readableo article,' full; 'of information re apecting ' their origin,' present' condition,' and' utility, The grbat naturalist John James Audubon'--his adventures, dis coveries, misfortunes, 'and ornitlological triumphs-are narrated in a pleasant paper. 'Then follows a 'favorable review of Mr. Disraeli's "Lothair." 'The chief objection taken to thie book: is that 'living people are referred to' in a'ininnei that is inwarrantable. -The 'writer' suggests 'low"it' wis ' that " Lothair" came to be written. :" Soon after Mr.' Disinaeli ceased to be Prime Minister of this country Ilereceived from mthe 'responsible editor 'of 'a popular weekly periodical the offer of a larger sum of money than it is be lieved was ever tendered for an English w.rk of fiction' if he wouldl contribute to that pub-, lication 'a' ndvel 'of tlie character of 'Con ningsby' and ' Tancred.' The proposal was not accepted, but' it may havi led to' the writing'of ' Lotlhair.'" hIle Quarterly regards the book as lively and amusing, ' but a failure. It may be very' instructive to our golden youth to be warned. against the' machinations of Rome, but to effect this' purpose it was hardly worth the while of the leader of a great 'political party in the State to write a book which'lihas been as sour grapes to the teeth' of all the Roman Catholics in the'land." The critic holds the great fault of " Lothair" to bo' that "it is not true to nature." 'As :to feeling, it'is ' dull es ditchwato?" ond"" flit' ai a'flouider." ' He thinks that' Mr.' Disraeli' must hlvie written the book 'by' way of experimenting 'on the British pusblic,i an'd to have: said to himself, "If the British' public' can 'call this' a good book they are fools 'enotigh to bolidove any thing." ' Earl 'Staniiope's 'Reign of Queen 'Anne" 'does' noti meet" with much favor from the:' 'revi'bw?i' '" It is unlucky 'nid disagreeitble' "t' dliffer 'sod" ofteki 'from "a writer "whim' iv' 'r" 'respect ard " adrriire, who 'o' irdently~de'sirei 'trutci if'hb'misses it; who writes so eleganttly, and with'suoh laiid. able elevation of' tone; when he is wrong." An article on the two vole., !."The Church and the Agoe' and ,: 'Principlesi at, :Stake," sketches the.i~present., position of patt!es in the,, Establiened : Churob, .and . their relation to the people at.large and popular Opinion.: It .conoludes that ".after all contro yersy is,.no indication of life, the mbestatal disease which can attack a churoh tis not. con troversy, but : deadness and indifference. . :It cannot be doubtful that, the present age, will profoundly; modify both the theology and constitution of the.church; but in the midpt of. all change the great central truths of revelation, and the cardinal 'prin ciples of apostolio order.will remain unshaken." An. article of a similar character is based on " Dr.' Newman's Essay: in aid of a Grammar of Assent." Disagreeing with Dr. Newman's philosophical positions, with varioas 'par ticular observations, and with his. Roman in terpretation of Christian Revelation, the writer commends the treatise, and regards it as a powerful defence of common Christianity. 'It vindicates the' claims of Christianity generslly upon human belief.. But it deals with .the inner foundations orfboliefwith those processes in the mind.which.lead to assent, and its great object is to free those iprocesses from the yoke of: formal and technical logic." An article on.:" The Rig-Veda" discusses its lingual forms and style, .the character of its poetry, the deities referred to, and their attri butes, andithe re igions doctrines propounded, and high antiquity iseattributed to the ,work, n o. ,1181 or 1186, is only. conjecture. The history ofi Ancient :Indiais likea series of writings on a palimpsest; .behind Buddhism, which , is ' our first historical starting point, we find n. form (t Hindunsm which is. the last' stage of the religion of the Brd?hmanas, before it assumed its model developments as we trace them in classical Sanskrit literature; and it is'far behind the 'oldest' oftihe Brahmanas 'that we must look for the: period of the iRig 'eda." In an article on ",Letter Writers and LetterWrit. iig,' the essentials of a good correspondence are, there presented. "Ifa letter combines sponataneity,, desire to please, and heartiness or cordiality, it can scarcely miss its ,favor able mark as an oepistolary production through the lack' of subordinate graces. Simplicity, life, play of fancy, Ilashes of unpremeditated wit, with a due mixture of the real and the earnest, will come under one or other of these heads, unless indeed the writer's dul nesd ,be such as:would have forbidden excel lence ,in other pursuits equally' with letter writing." A survey of the history of the subject is then presented. ' A paper on "The Administration of the !Army"' sketches its history from the: time of William the Third, deprecates some ot the, changes, that have been recently made, and concludes with a denunciation of the recent,arrangement by which the Commander-in-Chief is subordinate to the Secretary of War., Other articles are on " The Police of London" 'and i' Baths and BIathing Places." ' ' '.' , The Westminstelr Reviso gives us a second instalment of " Unpublished: Letters, written by Samuel Taylor Colen, Esq,' which ad. mirers of that most original of writers will find hlighlyinteresting, all the more, perhaps, that they are chiefly filled with gossip and private matters. The other articles com prise- Indian Taxation ; Tihe Nationality Question in Austria i Thie Future of the French. Empire.;; Shelley; Colonial and American Patuperism; Romanism, Present and Future. The British Empire article is an able plea for a deeper concern for our colonial empire, and contains much valuable information and many suggestions of Imperial concern bearing upon the :future of the nation.' Blaskwtood has an article'on" Now Books," which pooh-poohs rather patronisingly and contcemptuously some recent works. ."Dear me, what were they written.-for-who can read them1 And yet they would'nt be written if there were no readers," is the style of the article. Dixon's" Free Russia" is as windy, as frothy, as like a dish:of trifle, as heart could desire. " Ourselves : essays on ,Women," byMrs.Lynne Linton-"the author of several novels of undoubted cleverness though doubtful morality-is a weak, poor, " wordy, impertinent book, infinitely dis agreableo to most good and sensible women." Of losetti's Poems, the dritic remarks "They are ,all sufficiently interesting, plea santly readable, and some of them suggestive, but they lay no hold upon the imagination, or even on the ear and memory. It is quite i curious, indeed, how so niany . well chosen and well combined words, and so many fine qualities of mind, should have so failed to seize upon our attention." " Poems," by Frederick W. H. M]yers, are a " curious suc cession of semi-Scriptural rhapsodies, ex pressed, in a rlhymo of such bewildering cadence, and embellished with such perpetu ally recurring paralleliams, that our brain is in a whirl before it has gone over 6lf al dozen pages." Obhdiles Reade-anent, " Pu? your self in lis place"--"is one of the most experi exiced and accomplished of playwrights, but he presumes sadly upon our ignorance and unbelief. Wo ceho under the weight ,of prodigy. , e lay down the book with a sigh." "Kilimeoy," by William 'Black, is in many points curiouily.wanting in know ledge of the world, and limited in perception, though is book of promise." " The Heir Expectant"-a clover and in. torestidg story as novels go- shows the same odd want of acquaintance with the manners and customs of the ordinary world. "Who painted the great Murillo do la Merad 1" is a questionjasked and answered in a narrative the moral of which is thus expressed by one of the clharacters. " An' the sentiments the story convarts me to Charley, is that the picture-throde bedad I licks horse-chauntin by'chalks." Blackwood also tells us "about wlhat the old Egyptians knew" and, gives a graphio and complete account of " The Greek 11assaere." Cornlill is good. We have "The story of a Dead Monopoly," the Hudson's Bay Com. pany,-" St. Helena," a sketch of the island, and its life. " Out of the Forest," a story, of Hungary." Rest" a quiet,wise, kindly essay : SAgainst 'Time," sopoewhat orig ial, but not great:-" Wanted a dini~ : an adventure' in the Reailm of Tobago," a satire on Spanish aflfairs, cleverly written. 