NEW ZEALAND. "(FROM OUR OWN conitBaroNDEsr.j DUNEDIN, Oct. 5. My last letter, when I read it now in your columns, appears like an illustration of the adage about the decisiveness of human hopes. " Mr. Fox was right when he said the war is stamped out." A few months of com parative peace, each month quieter than its precursor, Sledmere makethatstatement. Techni- cally it is probably correct. The war which began with the outbreak of Tito Kowaru and the escape of the Chatham Island prisoners under To Kooti's leadership, has subsided; and its subsidence certainly appears to be the result of a series of victories on our part, and a careful occupation of such posts as are likely to hold the remainder of the " rebels" in check. But the animosity of certain tribes and their power to do us mis- chief are very far from being " stamped j out," and if the war is at an end it is so because we shall call the next outbreak a nour war. How soon I may have to chronicle such an event it is impossible to divine, but after the events of the past month, no one can venture to be very sanguine as to the future. Such glimpses as we have obtained of the position, purposes, and ideas of those natives who are not on friendly terms with the pakeha, show only one gleam of sunshine. There appears to be little or no union amongst them. So long as they do not combine we need hardly fear any serious disaster, although any one section of them may single handed give us infinite trouble. On the East Coast for some time past we have contented ourselves with setting friendly Maories to catch Te Kooti, which, with much bluster, they are continually promising to do. The accounts of their various expeditions have reached you from time to time, and I need hardly remind your readers that they have all had one refrain, "A great victory, but To Kooti again escaped." Latterly, whilst various bodies of natives, some under native some under European leadership, have been scouring the Uriivcra country, capturing old women and accepting the surrender of half-starved Hau-haus, Te Kooti, with such following as he still retains, have always been somewhere or other where no one went to seek him, although, if we are to believe constantly repeated statements, he never attempted to leave the hiding-place to which he retreated at the beginning of the winter. With returning spring, however, he appears to have taken heart again. We hear of his suddenly appear- ing atLakoWaikaremoanawithlOO men early last month. This news is followed by the assurance that he has gone off to Tokangamutu to see the King. He is not short of ammunition; he is not short of supplies and if the number of men reported to be with him is not very great, we may remember, with uneasy sensa- tions, that it does not fall very far short of that with which he commenced his career of rapine and murder little more than two years ago. Scarcely had this unwelcome information reached us when the little community of New Plymouth, which has for so many years lived in the midst of alarms," was startled out of such sense of security as a year's peace had made to creep over it by the news that Tito Kowaru had passed with an armed following within three miles of the town, on his way to the native meeting at Pariaka. When this was reported by telegraph from Nelson, the Government very promptly despatched some 40 men of the armed constabulary, who were taken round to Taranaki in HALLS, Blanche. Thus, England's last ship" (in these waters) fulfilled Lord Granville- pro miss, without waiting for the danger from without which was to have been the condition precedent of such help. This promptitude was probably very valuable. The fact that a Queen's ship conveyed the reinforcements would, no doubt, be quickly known amongst the natives throughout the district If mischief was brewing, this show of pre- paredness would be quite enough to put a stop to it, or, at least, to postpone it. From what I have been able to learn, however, it does not appear that any attack was contemplated. As a considerable portion of the force originally despatched in the Blanche has since returned in her to Wellington, we may conclude that the Government does not fear any outbreak. To those at a distance, however, the whole affair is very perplexing'. The news that Tito Kowaru had passed within sight of New Plymouth, with SO armed men in his train, proved to be perfectly correct. He passed south to the scene of his old victories and defeats, and made a sort of sentimental journey to the various places where his comrades fell. On the sixth day of the Pariaka-meeting he made his appearance there. He was received with loud cries of welcome as befitted the occasion when so great a patriot made a public entry into the Kainga of his friends, the whole crowd of those natives who played the hosts at this meeting going out to meet him waving branches. of trees over their heads. On his arrival at the village he and Mr. Parris, civil commissioner of Her Majesty's Government in New Zealand, spent an hour or two in rating one another soundly, and then everybody went to dinner. The next day Tito Kowaru intimated to Te Whiti his royal pleasure. He had come to know what all the talk had been about This ascertained, he expressed his contempt of Te White's proceedings ; declared his intention not to attack any body unless molested, but to retaliate if his face was scratched and went away. If your readers will look at the map and see where this happened-will keep in mind that Tito Kowaru is the native leader of whom until this thing happened we were accustomed to say that he was hiding for his life-will remember that Mr. Commissioner Pari is is the representative of the Government to the natives of the district where all this happened that he went to the meeting with the knowledge that Tito Kowaru was in the neighbourhood and intended to go to Pariaka, and further, that he had informed the Government of this fact and asked instructions how to net-if they will combine all this with the recollection of our recent campaign on the West Coast against this Tito Kowaru and his cannibal horde they will understand what I mean when I say that the whole of this Pariaka affair is a mystery to those of us who live at a distance from the scene, and excites in our minds gloomy forebodings of new massacres of defenceless settlers, another war, and another war loan, and an indefinite postponement of all real progress in the sister island. Tito Kowaru, whom we are supposed to be hunting to death," marches, with 80 well-dressed, well-equipped, armed men, through our province of Taranaki, along the roads our settlers have made to look at the spots where his victories against us were achieved, and to mourn over the comrades slain when reverses befel his arms, meets the representative of our Government in the village of a so-called friendly tribe, abuses him and the pakeha generally to his heart's content ; snaps his fingers in his face, and then marches back through or on the skirts of our settlement to what he calls his home, singing at our heads as he leaves the announcement, " If my face is scratched I will retaliate." This man has but 80 followers ; he takes no pains to curry favour with To White or any one else, yet he defies us openly, and our Native Commissioner sits and listens to him our armed constabulary, instead of trying to capture him, takes shipping and goes home to barracks in the capital, where nothing more harassing than daily drill can interfere with its comfort, and the Government and the country looks on acquiescent. If now massacres, a new war, and a new war loan follow, shall we not reap what we have sown? The garrison of New Plymouth, before Tito Kowaru made his appearance on the scene, was 13; now, The lieve, it is about double that number. The total effective force of the militia of the province of Taranaki is 74. Had Tito Kowaru been disposed for a raid on New Plymouth, there is every reason to believe that he might have burnt the town, helped himself to a good store of ammunition, and returned quietly home with very little damage to his force. The meeting at Pariaka, which brought Mr. Parris and Tito Kowaru face to face, appears to have been a fiasco. Te Whiti is a man of some influence among the natives, and his summons appears to have been freely responded to His manifesto was-" Taranaki began the war, and Taranaki must end it." But when it came to the point, it appeared that To White's idea of ending the war was thus embodied-" King no good, Queen no good-Te White is the only man who has cared for his people." When Tito Kowaru asked him who was behind him, He., who would support his pretensions, he replied, "There is one Father, and Son, and one Holy Ghost ; altogether these are three-yes, they are three, yet are but one and that is I !" It is hardly to be wondered at that Tito Kowaru should have exclaimed contemptuously of the meeting, "Your talk what is there in its don't see the end." As Pariaka is not to be found on any published map, it may be well to state, for the information of your readers, that it lies between Mount Egmont and the sea, a few miles from the cape usually named after that mountain, but known locally as West Cape. An intelligent correspondent of a local newspaper thus characterises it :-" Pariaka is a sort of refuge for these vagabonds, and it is to this place they fly for safety when any crime has been committed. Here the greatest ruffians feel themselves secure, and defy the European civil authorities to molest them.'' I have devoted so much space to native affairs that I must leave political news for my next letter. What little there is will improve by keeping. I should mention, however, that the attempt to make the Otago University a colonial institution has for the present fallen through. Appointments to the classical and mathematical chairs have been made In neither case has any candidate already in the colonies been successful. OCT. 6. A telegram, which appears this morning, informs us that Tito Kowaru did not return from the Pariaka meeting so peaceably as he said he would. The account of what took place is not very clear. He is stated to have robbed some friendly natives at Opunake of GO sheep, but subsequently left most of them behind. This he is stated to have done because he was afraid of being attacked by the friendlies, although it is also stated that, when the latter went in pursuit of him, they were driven back by a detachment of his men. The affair may, therefore, have only been a squabble arising from a difference about the sheep, and not from an attempt at spoliation. The accounts we receive of native matters is unfortunately always coloured by the political ideas of the transmitter, and though I have no reason to suspect any strong bias in the quarter from which this comes I think it probable that our Defence Minister would have told the tale differently. 