TIlE LATE MIR. CHAI.LES DICKENS. (From "'lMen of the Tihme.") CHAnLEs DICKENS, thoe sonof Mr. John Dickens, who hold a positioni in the Navy Pay Department, was born at Portsmouth in 1812. At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary reporter for one of the daily papers. His son Charles was placed as a clerk in an attorney's officeo; but a strong literary bias led to his ob. taining, soon after,,an enggoement as a reporter on the staff of the .Afovning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame,. under Mr. John Black. The editor notic. ing his readiness and versatility, allowed him a theatre for the display of his graphio qualities by insorting in his journal those " Skthobeos of English life and Character," which wore afterwards reprinted in a collective form, under the title of " Sketches by Boz," in 1886.7. Almost simultaneously with these ap. ppoared a comio opera from his pen, entit. led "The Villago Coquottes." The graphic power of describing the ordinary scones of common life, more especially in their most ludicrous aspoot, did not osoapo the attention of Messrs, Chapman and Hall, who accordingly requested " Boo" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts and thet result was the publication of the " Posthu. tmous Momoirs of the Plkwilck Club." The subject was treated by "Boz" in a manner at onoo so easy, so graphio, and natural, and with suobh a flow of genuine humour, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single stop, to the highest rank among living novelists, Illustrated at first by the pencll of Seymour, and subsequently by that of Habot IC. Browno, the " Pick. wick Papers" found an enormous salo, and the name of the aut 3r was avowed to the world in 1888. ThI great suoooss of "Piokwink " naturally led to a varidty of offers being made to Mr. Diokens by thoeLondon publishers; and brought about the connection of the niuthor with Mr. Bentloy, who engaged his servioos as editor of his " Mlieoollany," in the sooond number of which, in Fob. ruary, 1887, appeared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist," This story, whliob was published complet inithreoo volumes at the clolo of 1838, lots he reader into some of the secrets of li l, as it used too frequently to be foued in the parish union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villan whioh form so blank a blot upon Londols and the larger cities in the provinces, Admirably illus. trated by the pencil of Geor'g Oruihkshank, " Oliver Twist " at onoe booeme a popular favourite, and it contisfues still to be rogurdled as one of the author's happiest productions, Meoan ?ilo, "Niobolns Nikloby" appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with " Piokwio ," shaortly after the completion of that rk., "Niokleby" was written to oxpose n detail the oruoel. ties which were the and are still, it is to hie feared, praotis upon orphan9 and othelr neglootod of dron of the middle classes at cheap so, ab, ctpoolilly In some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens tolls us in the prefaooe of this book, that those disclosures resulted from a visit of inspection paid by himself to a school of the " Dotheboys" class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens under. took the production of a story, or rather a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled " Master Humphrey'sClook," and contained, amongst other tales, those since republished in a separate form, under, the name of the " Old Curiosity Shop," famous for its episode of "Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and siloplicity; and of " Barnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots con. nectod with the name of Lord George Gordon, in 1780. The pen of Mr. Charles Dickens was henceforth almost incessantly plied. About the time of the publication of " Master Humphry's Cloelok," appeared his " Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi," the celebrated clown, almost the only produa. tion of his pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of " Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr. Dickens visited a great part of the United States, and accumulated a store of mate. rials, which hie gave to the world on his return to England, in 1842, under the name of " American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were controverted by our Yanlee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of "Change for American Notes." In 1844 he published " Martin Chuzzlewit" in numbers. To the summer of theo, same year lhe paid a visit to Italy, and many of the results of his observations were subsoe quontly given to the world in theo Daily News. Returning to England in the course of 1845, he suggested the founda. tion of a lcheap daily newspaper, which should steadily advocate the spread of liberal politics and sooular education at home, whilst abroad it should show itself the sworn enemy of despolic and arbitrary power. He commenced the Daily Noews, January 1, 1846, noting as the editor. After a few months, Mr. Dickens with. drew from his editorial post, and returned to his former line of humourous serial publioations, varying,, however, theirs monthly appearanees with the ooonsional production of some stories of a more imnginative cast, called " Christmas Books." Of these the first " A Christmas Carol," was published so far back as 1843 ; the second, " The Chimes," appeared at Christmas, 18406;, the third, "The Cricket on the Iotearth,,': followed in 1810; the fourthl, '"'XbBatntlo of Life," 1847 : and the fifti,;'1'lh Haunted Man and the Ghost's 'srgain," in 1818. Besides the above, lMr. Dickens has published "Dom. boy and Soin " (1847.8), " The History of David Copperfield" (1840.580), " lleak 1iouse" (1853), "Little Dorritt " (1856); also," A Tale of Two Cities;" " The Un. commercial Traveller :" and " Great ix. pectations :" which last three were re. printed from "All the Year Round." Its 1850 Mr. Charles Dickens started " Houseo. hold Words," ia chelap weekly literary miscellany, whish'4ioe conducted for some years; but a quarrplfhaving arisen between him and ihis publislhers, lio brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled " All the Year Round," which heo continued to conduct up to the period of his death. A now illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickons's pen, entitled "Our Mutual Friend," was commenced in May 1861, 1Io was one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and has liko. wiseo been an active promoter of the Rtoyal Library Fund. 