'RAILWAY EXTENSION AND WOODEN TRAMWAYS. The metropolitan press has boon considerably occupiod by this subject lately, and tho correspond ents thereof appear to have been going in pretty strong for wooden tramwuys; pormit mo therefore to introduce thorn in the columns of the Oympie Times. I do not intend to advocato tho system which has been cnllod by its opponents 'costly and extravagant,' noithor do I propose to rniso mv lanco in favour of tho ono objooted to by somo. as ' Ohonp and nasty.' I proposo morely to offer a few remarks 'whioh may, I hope, tond,' however little, towards confirming that old saying, The middlo courso is host,' an axiom, by tho way, generally, lost .sight- of by thoso who, possess a favourite, hobby, and cantor bim .out before tho pooplo. . .. y;. J. The war- cry of tho trnnirond people appears to lie, ' Down wiih' tho civil engineor.' i Ono of tho Brisbano papers was far from being complimentary in a leader I caught sight of ; the other day. I ? don't recollect the- exact words,' but engineers were accused of being, averse to ee'onomy in railway construction', nrid' received a gontlo 'hint that their sorvices thereat could bo dispensed with altoge ther. As one' of tlio profession so' evidently at n discount in Queensland, but not having the honour to belong to tho Civil Service (if the country, I was:' not entirely overcome with dismay ; on tho contrary,' my curiosity was oxcited in the hopo shortly to bog the effect of a little amateur civil engiocering in a coloDy whore. amateurs of all trades and protcsstons havo mot with such emi nent success. .... 1 Mr. Raff, in his practical and suggestive letter, wns, I must say, a little too hard upon our cloth. He says ho ' consulted oh engineer of groat expe rience' when' designing his tramway, who disap proved of his longitudinal sleepers as being difficult for. effecting repairs; upon this ho immediately shut up his friend by snying that he ' should take onre to construct the lino in such a manner that repairs would not be needed.' Imagine how small the ' engineer of great experience must have felt nt so sudden and. unexpected n firing of his flint. I am disposed to admire Mr. Raff. ' I 'admire all practical men. Engineers of small and great ex perience can always obtain good ideas from prac tical men; oven from practical boys. The small boy who attended the first crude stenm engine furnished its inventor with his crowning idea, by the simple connecting of a tap and a beam by a uil Ul ObllUga But there is one thing in Mr. Rnff's letter, of April 28th, which I do not admire, and Hint is where his statements are not strictly io accordance with feels. Ho says, ' It is well-known that we possess in abundance the finest timber in tho world for tho construction of : railways, our ironbark nud bloodwood being considered indestructible, except by fire, yet its existenoo has been ignored by. rail- wny engineors, who'nppenY to work with tho belief tlint railways, must be mndenfter a certain manner in nil places, and' under fell circumstances.' Can Mr. Raff be 'unaware 'tlint tho timber ho refers to is lised upon nil the colonial railways for sleepers, bridges, and lots of other purposes 7 I have never upon i If. emnlored whore earth would do ns well except in Queensland, in some of Mr. Fitzgibbon's bridges, but tlint only goes to show tlint hero wo linvc used rnther more ironbnrk nnd bloodwood tlinn was absolutely necessary.' Anybody who has travelled .cnn disprove the latter part of the paragraph, that is, if bo noticed tlio different descriptions of raihvny bn. wns travelling over. I am not a little surprised that somo of your Queens bind onmnocrs hnve not ventured to suggest to Mr. .Raff that such general condoiniintion was scarcely parliamentary. I can only suppose that they fenred to attempt to reprove one who had already so signally shut up a membor of their body pos sessod of ' groat experience.' ? rv Approving most heartily of bis advice as to tho necessity of a chonp nnd economic opening out of the country, nnd knowing Mr. Raff to be no enemy, to railroads, I still think thnt bis arguments would i ? ? l.-.i rnmp linfi lie not wedded himBelf to the system ofborso traction. Mr. Raff, in his first letter, which nppoired in the Courier of the 27th April, has indeed begun upon rnther a rotten foundation when lie quotes thn following from tho. report of. tho Select Com mittee of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales upon Horse Tramways, as- ?? so sound' as to bo '? inducod to call attention' to it :— '3. Bncnuso n horse railway cnn, where the traffic is light, be worked at less' cost than tho locomotive; though 1 the very opposite is the oase where the trnfflo is heavy. ? ? ' 4. Because the cost of working a horse railway need never exceed what is; absolutely^ necessary . for the transport of the goods carried, and conse quently carriage , may be rharged at nn equally cheap rnt-* whetbor the trnfile be light or heavy. ? I think it would puzzle.Euclid himself to recon cile axiom 3 with':nxiom 4. ;If,the one is 'sound the other is decidedly a little decayed. Mr. Rnff's plantation trnmwny is a great sHCoess. Nobody cnn deny, that there are other places where such institutions would he very UBuful. _ A trnm road connecting our principal reefs with the oruBh ? ? ? Ka hnnn f.n thfl miner, and a JDU lllULiiiuca wuuiw .,yw www- — ? . r. profit to the promoter. . ' From the woolshcd of the squatter to tho nearest point upon the railway, for feeders to main lines of rnilwny connecting them with agricultural and other' settlements, they^are adapted and would .pro mote agriculture and settlement in the colony. A tramway connecting this goldfield witli .the nearest seaport, constructed so as to bo worked. by a small Locomotive, would be n - grant advantage, and wouhl soon rbpny.CJstof construction 5 such a one could be oonstruetcd cheaper than one' to be worked by horse-power, hut it could not bo made, and furnished with rolling-stock for five hundrn'd pounds a mile, nlthough tho country is, an easy one. 1 As feeders to the main arteries of communipn tion, tramways as cheap as coulu be mnae wnn safety nnd economy, would bo a boon to a new country in ;a variety' of places. ?? ' ?- - ? I connot. howeyer,. approve of a horse team road 'five or six. hundred miles long.' , . . ; In laying. main lines into.the interior, there will tio doubt bo rivers to', oroBsj pinches to climb, and not a few ran ges to surmount. Now, to bridge a river for a team of horses draw ing a train of waggons, will cost rather more than for a light Locomotive drawing a train of trucks: I say more, beoause you will require n close planked sunerstruoture. hand-rails, &o;„ not required, by tlio stenm-l'orBe. For your horso tramrond your cut ting nnd embankment will cost more than for your light locomotive line. I say more beoause horses cannbt.dvng n loaded truck up so Bteop an incline, or round a sharper curve, than a steam engine can do when they nro between a pair of rails, no matter what they can do on a oommon rond. Over an undulating country, or up and down gradients, tho advantages of momentum would bo almost lost with hnrse-power. ' Over n level country a locomotive would do tho work for ut least half the cost of horso traction, taking' no notice of .time saved ;'-for it would not, ho economic to work your locomotivo at a Iors speed than ton miles nn hour, and liorBos would not travel moro than tliroo miles an hour. Ivor ft light rauroaa liib (uutMuuuu uoiwuimi luu cost of ft wooden rail and nn iron ono would not excoed six hundred pounds a mile. Having had to do with both descriptions of rail, I know the ivon one to ho the most ocononiic. Most other railroad mon will agree with me, for we ofton uso wooden ones in temporary works. But if you can't afford the odd six hundred a mile put in wood rather than have no railroad ; that is tho cmmoii s enso way to look nt it, but you must koep a shsrp look-out, and have your bearings pretty oloBe, or smashes will evontuato ; you can't seo tho inside of an ironbark log. Wooden rails on a lovel ' easy' road, with littlo traffic, would no doubt last somo timo, but on sharp inclines, combined with sharp curvos, they would stand a poorciianeo in contention with iron wheels grinding against them,lookod and skidded in tlioir descent. I nm afraid Mr. Raff's wooden rails, (too inches hy'Jtwo, would in such positions bring tho rolling stock to griof and be much cut up themselves after the traffic of a main liuo six hundred miles long during a few months of tho Queensland sun, which luminary is rather hard upon small scant ling exposed to its Influence. In the construction of European railways the Mwinnn#. t*nno»m*lSnrr (Vin onffVi rti* ofnnA *n_ UA^UIinU Ul III (llJOj/Ut vl »»»w vu» vu VI uvv.iv « v- quirad has hoon a considerable itom. Tho experi ence thus gained might apply in somo measure oven to tho oponing out of this new country. It hns proved this, that for very short distances the wheelbarrow answers host, as the distunco increa ses a horse and cart becomes more economical. For still greater distances we lny our light trams vory often wooden ones, put trucks upon tho road, and tho effeotivo power of tho horse is in creased upon ?easy gradients. Still greater is tlio distance, then the iron rail is laid, nnd tho noble iron horso (which n benifioent providonce put into tho mind ot man to invont to conquer distance ) snorts off with Ilia loud. The fallacy of horso traction rnilronds for any thing but exceptional cases having long ago been clearly proved it is not likely that acivil engineer of any standing will advocate them ns a general sys tem of internal communication to supersede steam power. Verily ! would tho shades of Locke and Stephen son and a host of other ghosts of talented and giftod men, who havo graced tho profession so despised in Queensland, rise up from their graves at tho invocation of the miserable quadru peds doomed in tho latter end of tho nineteenth century to toil and struggle along a tramroad six hundred miles in extent. If we ore to grow corn let it bo to feed men. The stonm horse eats little, and when he is idle he eats nothing. His longovity is extreme. To eon elude, lot mo add, that all I contend for is thnt main lines should bo locomotivo railways, eonj strncted as cheaply os is consistent with snfotyand economy. Their expense depends on the features of the country they traverse, and cannot be guided by a rough estimate unassisted by actual examin ation nnd'survey. To estimate the sleepers, rails and rolling stock, without any data to fix the pro bable. cost of the uocessary bridges nnd excava tions, is like calculating the cost of tho saddle and bridle without taking account of the horso. One of tho main items in tho expense of Australian rnilwny making is to kcop^ your rood nbove flood lovel. Here where time is apparently 'no object tho engineer would bo able to ltoop his line on the natural surface at a great saving of expense, but of course nt tho risk of the traffic being stopped several months in n year. Your branch systems of communication may be wooden trams, turnpike roads, American plank: trncks, wire suspended baskets, or even pack horRes, according to tho capabilities ol tne country and the taste and fancy of its inhabitants ; but without a decent trunk the new branches will scarcely bear fruit. Let us even take Datiirq for our guide ; remember that tho stem of the tree is more power ful than its branches. The Mnry River of a larger oarrying capacity to Gympio Creek. TheveinB and nrtericB of the humnn body more strongly constructed than its insignificant blood .vessels ; nnd all this for. the simple reason that nature never sends a bog on a man's errand. CIVIL ENGINEER. Gympie, May 21, 1870. P.S ? I should havo said that the truo cost per mile of railway should be taken as the crow flies from piece to place. Tho cheaper systems In fol lowing the contours of a country would make, the distances much grenter; judicious cutting and em bankment may often save miles, and this should be considered in making comparisons of cost. 