HOME. HOME AFTER THE DEFINITION. (From. the Roman Correspondent of the' Catholic Opinion, July 29.) Some without the Council! Rome to-day v, as compared with what it was a fortnight ago, • is like a university in vacation time,, or a city : of the dead—our friend Van suggests that it • is like Wall street, New York City, on a Sunday. It seems certain now that the French; troops are to go, Ttaly pledging herself to guard the Papal territory for the Pope. In; another week there will not be a French soldier, they say, in the whole peninsula. ; Tlae brave Zouaves are all alert, proudly conscious that the defence of the Holy Father's person is trusted by God to them. The Aus- . trian Government has notified that they consider the concordat at an end. These two acts, the withdrawal of the French troops and of the Austrian ^concordat indicate what the Ctrurch may expect frotn nominal Catholic governments. You will have heard all about the definition long before this, so I need not repeat details. Never was there a scene since the giving of the law on Mount Sinai, more dread than the thunder-storm in St. Peter's du ring the public definition of the Infallibility •of the Church and its Head. Few, perhaps, are aware that the In fallibility of the Church itself was then defined for the first time when the doctrinal inerrancy of the Vicar of Christ was in the same act declared to be conterminous with that of the Church itself. A storm of thunder and lightning broke upon St. Peter's, rolled and flashed through the dome and aisles and nave. The forked lightning seemed to play around the throne of tlie Sovereign Pontiff while the definition was made. The Protestant papers do not seem to make much of this storm, by far the most notable event that has marked any sitting of ^hc Council. If a single stone of St. Peter's dome had been displaced by the lightning's flash, we should never have heard enough of it as a signal judgment of God; but as it did ,no hurt to the Council it would not do to admit that it had anything to do with the Council, so the least said about it the better. It is therefore passed over as a purely fortuitous coincidence; though to us it seemed as if it were heaven's own accompaniment to the words of its own dictation. I wonder if the writer in the Saturday, who lately informed us that the Pope's throne was so arranged that at the moment of the definition of the Infalibility the rays of the sun, till then concealed, were, by a coup de theatrk, to be let fall on the throne of the Pontiff in all their effulgence, will tell us that the thunder and lightning were part of the theatrical properties of the Vatican ! At the public session there were but two dissentient voices, the rest of the minority having declined to vote at all. The two were a Sicilian Bishop and the Bishop of little R.ock, in the United States. Both these hastened, after the definition had been made, to make tbeir act of submission to the decision of the Council, in the hands of the Pope. Since that, Cardinals Matthieu, Swatzenberg, ELauscher, and Ilohenlohe, and many other .Bishops, are known to have done the same, as it it is quite certain that every Bishop of the minority will do, and declare this publicly when a fitting occasion presents itself.. The Pope himself, unlike many of our journalistic contemporaries, has all along expressed his esteem of those Bishops, who finding they could not agree -with the majority have, in a manly and straightforward manner, and as behoved men of conscience, maintained their conviction. As long as there was question of human reasonings they have maintained their argument, but when the majority of the Corpus F'ostorum in union with the A postolic See had decided against them, they acquiesce in the de - cision as the voice of the Holy Ghost. ' No" ought it to be matter of surprise, to those without, that Catholics should acquiesce in the verdict of a majority in a general council^ and of such a majority. Catholics believe in an Infallible Church, that is to say, in a body of teachers guaranteed by God Himself, and guided, for eighteen hundred years so ps to teack only the true meaning of the original revelation, and guard that revelation, whenever new errors arose, by new definitions, when these were necessary to defend the old truth. The Church, which is the organ of the Holy Grhost, acts most solemnly in general,council. A- council is an assembly of men where, if differences arise, discussion must be carried otu as in other assemblies; and the matter decided by the majority of votes; ; and we accept the conclusion; as .-the decision of God Himself. We are expressly told, in the Acts of th$ Apostles, that the election of St. Matthias to take the place ; from which Judas fell, was made, as it would seem, by ballot ot some other form of voting by which the voice'of the majority expressed itself:—They gave Out tfaeir vote&, and the vote fell upon Matthias, and lie was numbered amongst the'/ deven agpoptleB.""' •".' What cannot fail to strike thinking men .Outside the Church is thie magnificent examjlig »f out essential unity .of f&tnL;&nd; comramaoa which comes out of our !W»t.«aii «ompare Aridi^ :SQ0 .Bishops assembled; in Council, of every nation imd^laiij^i^ r;«hited,^ "Wty'dpetim^onf^raicfiffr an imposing minority 1 -somei opposing it as not being certainly a truth of revelation thoughit might be a theological inference, and the rest opposed to the opportuneness of the definition; but when onje the votes had been finally given, this imposing minority, consisting of Bishops of some of the most important Sees of Christendom, are seen bowing S di JOwn 1 as faithful children of the Church, under the guidance of him who has received the commission to feed both the sheep and the lambs of the flock of Jesus Christ. Their opposition makes the triumph of the tf-uth more conspicuous; just as the doubting of St. Thomas has always been one of the strongest evidences of the resurrection. Again, how wonderful have been the ways of God's Providence, so that all human events have combined to bring about this definition. It was in a time of profound peace that the Council met, otherwise they could not have come together. And, as it would seem, God has said to the angels of war, " Hurt not the earth" till my servants shall have done the work I have given tliem to do. If the war had broken out a fortnight sooner, and the French troops had been withdrawn from Rome, •who can tell what complications might have arisen to prevent the definition. Surely the finger of God is here. 