I ENGLISH MAIL. /BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) 1 — ADELAIDE, Feb. 15. mu-, branch mail steamer Alexandra, -with the i? lLsh maib per R.M.S. Malta, arrived off «oitT at 10.40 p.m. yesterday. Olenelg at iv p j LONDON, Jan. 15. rrhe constitution of the new French Ministry . ic Wmillfi Ollivier. has eiven the greatest rfLtiou. It is composed of Ollivier, Minister Tustice ; Count Dani, Foreign Affairs ; Cheva- , Minister of the Interior ; Monsr. i tot for Finance ; General Ledouf, for War ; J8? ' president of the Council. The French TtTnistrv re-assembled on the 9th instant. M. /MUvier assured the Assembly that the Ministry Jrould in power, remain what they were with- Ailinisterial order had been issued, autho- 1 -giHcr the sale of all newspapers in the streets of Paris' and also that foreign papers shall be 7jfflitted into France without restriction. At the New Year's reception of foreign repre- ntatives, the Emperor said that the year 1870 uld not but consolidate good relations be- «n the EuroDean Powers, and increase twee 42? vilis at i oix» In replying to the congratulations of the Chambers, he said that never was a good mutual understanding more necessary. jf. Haussuiau, the Prefect of the Seine, has Wn dismissed, after having refused to resign. The Prince Pierre Buonaparte challenged Bochefort to fight a duel ; but llochefort sent to the residence of the Prince his second, who as saulted the Prince, but the latter shot him dead. The prince was arrested, with the approval of the Emperor.' The Spanish Ministry has resigned, and General prim bas since formed a new Ministry. A memorial from the residents of British Co lumbia has been presented to President Grant, praying for the annexation of that state to the United States, on the ground that the confedera tion of that state with the Dominion of Canada is injurious to their interests. The revenue of the year 1869 amounts to £70,750,000. Two policemen have been shot at Limerick j one was mortally wounded. I The Hon. John Bright had made a speech at Birmingham on the Irish land question. He acknowledged that the difficulties had increased j but lie hoped that the solution proposed by the Government would prove satisfactory. Sir William Mansfield remains one year longer as Commander-in-Chief in India. The Duke of Edinburgh was invested with the Order of the Star of India on the 30th De cember. There were great festivities on the occasion. He has gone on a tour to the North west provinces. It is believed that the differences be- rta SnVilimA Pnrb> n.nrl flin Vififirov of U VI Vv 1 Vkiv M I V V "W W I Egypt have been satisfactorily arranged, and j the latter has surrendered his ships and ironclad men-of-war, and the breech- loading arms he re cently purchased. - On the 13th great popular excitement was dis played in Paris, on the occasion of the funeral of Victor Noir. Great crowds traversed the streets, and the police were pelted, but order was not seriously disturbed. Pierre Buonaparte has been imprisoned for the slaughter of the second of Eoehefort, and is to be tried by the High Court of Justice. The submarine telegraph to China has been formed into a company to lay a line to China and Japan, vid Russia in Asia. The excitement in Paris is subsiding, but a I feeling of uneasiness prevails. ! LONDON, JAN. 12. The Associated Banks have invited a tender for the balance of the Victoria 6 per cent, loan with drawn last year. The minimum fixed was 100J. The total amount tendered for was £2,750,000, and the whole amount was taken at'above £101. The Superb arrived on the 15th January. | The Australian Telegraph Company capital was fully , subscribed. On the 4th inst. the British Australian Tele graph Company was launched. Its prospectus proposes laying a submarine cable from Singa pore to Port Darwin and Batavia. Consols for money, 92 « to 92 ; for account, 92t. The last series of wool sales were concluded on the 8th December. They comprised 133,943 bales. An animated tone characterised the biddings for the better kinds, but the price was uuchanged. Inferior sorts were v a. to Id. per lb. I higher. 1 Australian copper was £73. The Australian November mails via Marseilles j reachc" England on the 27th December, and vid Southampton on the 3rd January. I The Queen left Osborne on the 18th December, for the Christmas holidays. The Prince and Princess of Wales are at Marlborough House. Mr. Gladstone and the rest of the Ministers have left town for the Christmas, and Cabinet meetings will not be resumed until the middle of January Loi'fi Bury addressed a letter to the secretary of the Colouial Society, respecting the chairman- j fehip of the proposed Colonial Conference. He ! states that, unless assisted by Government, it is I impossible for the conference to assemble, and believes that the conference under present circumstrnces, will he of no avail. There There are only two ways, he says, for persons in England to obtain an expression of the colonial public opinion ; first through the Secretary of State for the Colonies, and secondly by oppo sition in the colonial Assembly. A truly re presentative conference is impossible, and no other is of any avail. He explains that the Royal Colonial Society is not identified with the committee. In consequence of fears respecting disturbances in Ireland, notably in connection with the cele bration in Londonderry, additional troops were on the 18th December to Ireland. There have been several robberies of arms com mitted lately in Ireland. The trial of the directors of Overend, Gurney, and Co. commenced on the 13th December, and terminated, on the 22nd, in the acquittal of all the defeidants. The verdict was received with applause in court. 1fn:,a113 of Mr. Peabody were shipped on board the klonarch on the 11th December ; but on account of bad weather she was unable to leave for America for some days. She has now sailed, and Mr. Peabody's will hns been pub lished. The celebrated Welsh fasting-girl has died, and her father has been committed for man slaughter. Dr. Temple preached his first sermon in Exeter Cathedral on 29th December. Cardinal Reiseach, one of the five Presidents of the Council, died at Annecy, Savoy. The committee of the council appointed to consider ecclesiastical discipline, composed of two Spanish bishops, six Italian, two Australian, one Bavarian, three English. Those of Birming ham, Tuam, and Bombay, five Americans. The bishops of New York, Mexico, Quebec, Bordora, and Peru. The Rev. W. S. Chapman, Baptist minister, of Nottingham, was publicly admitted, with his wife, to the rite of confirmation, which was ad ministered immediately after the ordination sermon. Subsequently he partook for the first time of the Holy Communion. Mr. Chap man resigned his post at Nottingham, and is studying at Oxford, with a view to his ordina tion. The widowed Marchioness of Hastings is about to give a proof of her quality as au artist, and to issued a book called ' Fairy Fancies." It will be illustrated from drawings by the accomplished lady. At the half-yearl y meeting of the London Chartered Bank of Australia, held on the 7th of December last, a dividend of 4 per cent, was declared on the half-year, free of income-tax. The chairman said that last year generally speaking had been more free from failures than the average, although one Melbourne failure, that of Mr. Hugh Glass, stood prominently forward, and was larger than common, and must, he feared, in the end entail losses on some parties. Fortunately, the bank was amply secured, and so that .there was not the least danger of its suffering in the slightest degree from his fall. X At the half-yearly meeting of the P. and O. Co., the chairman referred to the opening of the Suez Canal, and trusted that it would be found navigable for large ships coming from Australia with wool. A dividend of 3 per cent, was de clared payable on 28th December. The Blue Cross, a vessel of 1,000 tons, has cleared out from London, for Calcutta, via Suez. She draws 17ft. of water, and has been built expressly for this trade. She is the property of Messrs. T. and W. Smith, of Crosby square. The toll each passage through the canal will be £569. Three steamers belonging to Mr. R. Young, of Wisbeach, have been chartered for Bombay, vid the Suez Canal. A company is in- course of formation to be called the Anglo- Australian and China Telegraph Company, and it proposes to establish a subma rine telegraph between Calcutta and the Austra lian colonies, with intermediate stations at Pe- nang, Malacca, Singapore, Batavia, and the Dutch settlement of Macassar, the cable termi nating at Queensland, at the head of the Gulf of Carpentaria. Secretary Fish, by direction of the President of the United States, will send circulars to Ministers with powers instructing them with reference to a participation of those powers in a convention or form of treaty relative to ocean cables. He suggests as a baeis, reciprocity of concessions and protection of cables. The Cunard and Inman steamers have refused to carry the mails at reduced rates ; and the i post- office authorities have contracted with the ! Oelriche steamer for one year to carry emigrants j leaving Ireland for Algeria, j It is proposed to cut a canal through the Isthmus of Panama, and the project is being favourably considered in America. No less than nineteen routes have been surveyed with the samr „ object. A Naval Court was held at Rio Janeiro, to in quire into the loss of the Royal Standard The Brazil Court found that Mr. Hugh Clarke, 'master of the Royal Standard, was to blame for tiT e loss of UlltJ SUip, OIL aUUUUULO UJL AUipiAUlU KyOUil(1611C6 having been placed on a damaged cfr -onomefcer, and from an entire neglect to use th'.- lead ; also for not having a responsible officer, in charge of I the deck. The Court ordered tb'j suspension of the captain's certificate for six months. Mr. R. H. Home, in a letter to the Daily UTeics on 30th December, characterised Mr. J Higinbotham's statement w\th reference to Vic toria being able to defend he' rself, as a sophisticated 1 flourish of special pleading, and charges the colony I with purblind conceit. j A meeting was held, at the Mansion-house on j the 30th December, when it was decided not to amalgamate the various emigration societies now j in existence. A reward has been offered for the discovery of a young gentleman, aged eighteen, who myste riously disappeared shortly after his arrival in the The title of Mrs. Stowe's book is " The True Story of Lady Byron established." It contains 30© pages. Tom Lockyer, the Surrey cricketer, is dead. The Cerberus, for Victoria, is expected to sail shortly. Oxford has at length followed the example of Cambridge in admitting girls as candidates. At j the local examinations delegates require to be i satisfied that the local committee of ladies make the necessary arrangements for conducting the examinations. Mr. Tallerman has had an interview with the Emperor Napoleon respecting " the extension of cheap Australian meat dinners to France. An Emigrant and Colonist's Aid Corporation, with a capital of £250,000, is announced. Mr. Lingen succeeds the Hon. G. A. Hamilton as Secretary to the Treasury. Sir J. Sandford, Assistant Colonial Secretaiy, takes Mr. Lingen's late Educational post. The Bishops of Exeter, Bath and Wells, and Falkland Islands were consecrated on the 21st, in Westminster Abbey. The opposition to Dr. I Temple was maintained to the last. Four formal I and four informal protests were lodged against him ; but he declined to disavow his sympathy with Essays and Reviews. The John Bull inti mates that his Episcopalian brethren will cut him after the confirmation of his election. Dr. Wil- berforce paid 8 visit to the Queen, who invested that prelate with the Order of the Garter. A warm testimonial has been presented to Dr. Temple by his former pupils. A suffragan bishop to the Archbishop of Canterbury has been ap pointed by the Government. Mr. Hayman's appointment to the head-mas tership of Rugby is severely criticised, but has been confirmed by the trustees. Parliament is summoned to meet on 8th Feb ruary. Cabinet councils are held very frequently. Earl Derby visited Mr. Disraeli at Highenden. The Conservative leadership is unsettled. A measure has been drafted relative to primary education. Mr. Childers and Mr. "Baxter con- I tinue zealously at work upon Admiralty reform. Mr. Cardwell intends to pat an end to the clash ing authority of the War Office by abolishing the J dual system. The Universities of Oxford and Cambridge sent deputations to Mr. Gladstone, urging the abolition of University tests. The transfer of .the electric telegraphs to the Government is fixed to take place on the 31st January. Lord Claud Hamilton has been elected for Lynn. Mr. Labouchere retired from the Sonth- wark contest in favour of Mr. Odger, but Messrs. Waterlow and Lycett persist in their candida ture, despite the remonstrances of the Liberal Press. Judgment has been given against the Rev. Mr. Mackonochie for kneeling before the consecrated elements. He was condemned in costs. Voy- sey's appeal comes on for hearing in February. Dr. Shorthouse, editor and proprietor of the Sporting Times , has been fined £50, and sen tenced to three months' imprisonment for libel, in imputing dishonourable conduct in scratching horses to Sir Joseph Hawlev. A Fenian attack has been made upon the Sal- ford militia barracks to seize 800 stand of arms, but was frustrated. The Welsh fasting girl died on the eighth day of the fortnight's watch in the presence of four nurses from Guy's HospitaL Her parents re fused the offer to give the girl any food. A ver dict of manslaughter has been returned against the father. The Times telegram from Berlin last week stated that France had proposed a disarmament at Vienna, Petersburg, Florence, Berlin, and it was supposed in London, hut there has been no confirmation. The statement is believed to refer to the mission entrusted to General Fleury to detach Russia from the Prussian court, which signally failed. Earl Clarendon sent the congratulations of the British Government to M. Lesseps, who was so pleased that he communicated the letter to Napoleon. Eighteen persons were crashed to death at the entrance of the Bristol Theatre, owing to a panic caused by a cry of fire. The performance nevertheless proceeded. A series of destructive gales, with heavy rains, great floods and high tides, has been followed by IXvbvj SllU W j auU HcT Lilluio it vw vuwl The punishment of the lash has been inflicted on eight garrotters. _ Broadhead, after a series of farewell gatherings, has departed for America. A testimonial in the shape of a cheque for £1,340 has been presented, to the Rev. Thes. Binney, after a pastorate of forty years. Several attempted assassinations are reported, accompanied by barbarous mutilation. Two Dublin gunsmiths' shopF, have been entered and plundered by armed n\en. Two constables have been shot in Limerick County. A terrible storm has occurred at Limerick ; some old houses were blown down, and irjany people killed. Owing to the igour of the Government the state of Ireland is less alarming than it was a month ago. L,arge reinforcements of troops have been sent, and moveable columns organised. The threat of su spension of the Habeas Corpus Act has paraly ed the Fenians. Two priests have been suspended. The dreaded anniversary of the defe ace of Derry passed without disturbance. The " book of the year has been published in the shape , of Tennyson's " Holy Grail." O oituary.— Lord Crawford, Countess of Fife, thf. Duchess d'Aumale, Duchess de Coiguy, Lord F,oston, Mr. D. Williams, M.P., Ex-Secretary Stanton, the Bishop of Manchester, M. Delangle, M.D. ; M. De Bourgneney, French senator Lord Torpichen ; Thomas Creswick, artist ; Ad miral Pureell ; Admiral Gore j Admiral Tell. The P. and O. Co.'s R.M.S., Malta, arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday forenoon. We make the following extracts from our English files : — THE COURT. Her Majesty the Queen left Windsor on the 7th December, for Twickenham, on a visit of condolence to the Duke d'Aumale's family. December 14th being the anniversary of the death of the lamented Prince Consort, Her Majesty visited the Mausoleum at Frogmore. The Prince of Wales went down from London and met the Queen and Royal family there, when the Hon. and Very Rev. Gerald Wellesley, the Dean of Windsor, read portions of Scripture and some appropriate prayers. The choir of St. George's attended and sang a chorale and Handel's funeral anthem. Oil the 18th Decem ber Her Majesty left Windor for Osborne House, Isle of Wight, where she is still staying. Prince Arthur is still in Canada, pursuing his military studies. He is having a ball-room built in con- Tin Ui n 1.1 nv\4-HAn 1 OVlri tlTl I I UOt/WWU VYJ.VU. HID ICDIUCUtC OU iUUUUCOX) give a series of balls during the winter. Prince Leopold left Windsor Castle for Osborne on 18th December. His Royal Highness is suffering from a severe illness. Medical men are understood to be almost constantly in attendance upon him. The Princess of Wales was churched at the Chapel Royal, St. James's, on the 20th December, and the infant Princess was christened on 24th December. POLITICAL. The Gazette of the 14th December contained a Royal proclamation, by which Parliament was prorogued to the 8th February next, then to meet for the dispatch of business. Aa was expected, the Hon. Norman Grosvenor, son of Lord Ebury, was on the 4th December elected M.P. for Chester, in place of . his eousin, Earl Grosvenor, who has succeeded to the Marquis-ate of Westminster. The East Cheshire election cost the candidates nearly £10,000. Mr. Cunliffe Brooks returns his outlay at £6,231, and Sir Edward Watkin at £3,190. Lord Claud John Hamilton has been declared duly elected for King's Lynn, having polled. 1,051 votes as against 1,032 recorded for Mr. Young. It is a noteworthy fact that the sup porters of Lord C. Hamilton were fewer by 214 than those of Lord Stanley last year, while the Liberals polled twenty more than on that occa sion. The Duke of Abercorn now occupies the position held by the Duke of Devonshire. No arrangement appears yet to have been made as to the Conservative leadership of the Lords. Lord Derby is said to be fully conscious that it would he anything but a service to him to put him forward as a candidate to fill that station. As head of a coalition he might play an impor tant part ; but he must greatly change before he can become head of the Tory party. The last rumour names the Duke of Marlborough for the post. It is thought that by placing the Duke, or some other nobleman of high rank, nominally at the head of the party, the Marquis of Salisbury and other malcontents might once more be in duced to co- operate with Mr. Disraeli in oppo sition to Mr. Gladstone. THE STATE Qp IRELAND. There has been some talk of the Government suspending the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland The papers generally have urged the necessity of steps being taken, without delay, for the purpose of checking the disorder that exists in that un happy country, and it was thought that Govern ment would be driven to suspend the act. The Daily News (supposed to have succeeded to the " inspiration" the late Horning Star possessed, in matters with which Mr. Bright is concerned) " fully expects," however, that Government will maintain " the supremacy of the law in Ireland, without asking Parliament for extraordinary powers." Whether this be true or not, it is certain that excitement in Ireland was much cooled by the apprehension that Government were about to take extreme measures. The " national " journals suddenly adopted a much more moderate tone, and restrained their exuberant expressions of disloyally. The election of Rossa was made the theme of much congratulation by some of the Irish journals, but, upon the whole, feeling has cooled down with respect to it ; and the probability of fresh elections of convict members is much less than it appeared to be some time ago. A large force is now collected in the island, and in con sequence of secret reports of threatened insur rection which have reached the Government, flying columns have been organised by the Com mander-in-Chief, so that the seat of disorder mav ba reached with the least possible delay. The Apprentice Boys of Derry determined to meet on I8th December, to commemorate the closing of the gates against James II. ; and it was feared that, notwithstanding the preparations which were made to quell disturbance, a collision be tween the opposing factions, of Protestants and Catholics would be sure to take place. Fortu nately, no disturbance occurred, owing partly to an opportune shower of rain j - but it seems a pity the Government did not put a stop to the proces sion altogether. A Liberal Government, especially one of which Mr. Bright is a member, may naturally be supposed to shrink from using coercive measures towards Ireland. The situation there is fast becoming critical, however, and if the authorities should after all find themselves left with no alternative but to fire upon the mob in order to put down red-handed disorder, probably the most peace-loving ana constitutional memoer oi tne Cabinet will then regret that some special precau tions had not been adopted. Agrarian outrages also continue. One in King's County was marked by circumstances of unusual atrocity ; an unfor tunate man, whose house was attacked, having been dragged outside his own hall-door, where the savages cut off his nose. It is satisfactory to learn that, through the courage of a neighbour, one of the murderous ruffians was made prisoner. The return of O'Donovan Rossa for Tipperaiy has not been appealed against, and consequently the House of Commons will have to determine the question as to the validity of his election. The O'Donohue has written a very temperate letter on the present condition of Ireland. He starts with the assertion that the House of Com mons is now free from territorial prejudices, and is neither anti-Scotch nor anti-Irish. This, there- fore, is the time for the Irish people to co-operate with the Liberal party for a redress of real griev ances by constitutional means. The O'Donohue cannot, therefore, conceal his regret that, " As if to illustrate the perversity of human nature, this is the precise time which some men have selected to counsel the Irish people to abandon constitu tional action and practically to become a nation of conspirators. We are to exhume old wrongs, to inhale afresh the spirit of revenge, and steel our hearts against the advance of friendship. We are to forswear all good that has not been baptised in blood ; we are to retire into the re cesses of our hearts, and there resolve to do something or other at some indefinite period. Till then the sun of progress must stand still." The so-called national papers take strong excep tion to the letter, and denounce its writer. OPENING OF THE OECUMENICAL COUNCIL. The (Ecumenical Council was opened on the 8th December. Amid the ringing of the bells of all the ecclesiastical edifices in the city and salvoes of artillery from the Castle of San Angelo and Mount Aventine, the procession formed in the Upper Atrium of the Vatican, descended the ScaJa Ruegia, and passed through the Lower Atrium into the Cathedral. Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and the pro cession consisted of six archbishop-princes, forty- nine cardinals, eleven patriarchs, 680 archbishops and bishops, twenty-eight abbots, and twenty- nine generals of religious orders. In all about 800 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was car ried into the Cathedral in the gestatorial chair. TTifi Holiness first knelt some time before the Sacrament, and the assembly tnen iook tneir places in the Council-hall in eeven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the Archbishop of Iconium pronounced the inaugu ral discourse. The Pope, who appeared to . be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave liis benediction, the ceremony being carried out in exact accordance with the State programme. The tribunes of the Council-hall were occupied by the sovereigns and princes present in Rome, the members of the diplomatic body, Generals Dumont and Kimzler, and the Roman and foreign nobility. The Council-hall presented a most splendid and im posing appearance. After giving the benediction, the Pope received the homage of the mem bers of the Council. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the Council, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being sung by the choristers. Persons not members of the assembly then quitted the hall. The prelates approved the decree opening the Council, the Te Deum followed, and the ceremony terminated. . The Empress of Austria was present in the gallery set apart for foreign sovereigns. The weather was very bad. On the 9th of December the Pope read to tlie members assembled a short homily, in which he said that it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the appointed day, and to see the bishops assembled in greater numbers than ever. They had come to teach all men the voice of God, and to judge with the Pope under the auspices of the Holy Spirit, on the errors of human science. The Church was stronger than Heaven itself j and now was the time to consider whatremedies were efficacious against the present evils. The bishops should strive with him to secure peacefulness in the monasteries, order in the Church, and disci pline among the clergy. In conclusion, he in voked the Holy Spirit, the Virgin, and the Holy Angels. The fourth sitting of the General Con gregation was to be held on the 2Sth December. After the election of the committee appointed to consider the questions relating to religious orders, the assembly would probably enter upon the discussion of certain proposals regarding dogmas of faith. Duelling is among the sub- j jects announced for discussion by the (Ecu- menical Council. The debate will be opened by the Bishop of Privas. Among other- matters of speculation connected with the Roman Catholie Council it has become a question, not merely what these reverend seigniors will say (if they are to say anything), but how they will say it. Latin, of course, is supposed to be the official tongue but at a little rehearsal held the other day they came to signal grief at once on the question of concocting the address to his Holiness in answer — more parlamentico — to his speeeh from the chair, for it was found that- all the Latin avail able did not suffice forji common conversation. A few American bishops proposed to substitute French, and things went on smoothly for a few minutes in the tongue of the Gallicans, when the Bishop of Reggio protested against the profana tion. Matters of the Church could only he treated in Latin, he said, the Vulgate being written in that holy tongue, and some one even suggested Christ and the Apostles as having spokea that tongue. And so the Latin debate was re sumed by the few who had mastered the language to a speakable degree. The others sat in silence, but when it came to signing the address they did sign it all like men. The following arethe nam® of those who form the committee oa Anglican Orders in the Vatican Council : — Caadinals Res earch and Culleit. the AmMiishoD oS" Baltimore with Drs. Manning and TMathorne. Had Dir. Newman been in Rome, he would have been askad to act as their secretary. The Times correspondent gives ua> in the Al lowing description, an admirable idea of t&e; varied characteristics of the crowd! attending en. the proceedings : — " Of course London, with-, its three millions, can get up a larger multitude of men on a good many occasions ; bat it could not he anything like se strange, so motley, so? pic turesque, and so surprising. Imagine al£ the figures in all the pictures of chiarches, countries, cities, villages, by all the Italaan and ssil the Dutch artists, walking out of tl&ir; frames,, jjost as they are, and you have the crowd in which I have been wandering like a mote in a suribeaxsw I am living in company with Raphael, Titian, Paul Veronese, and alsoTeniers ; for I have never seen more beautiful dresses, never- more quaint, never J iV )) T\ -V i1 more savage ana uncouLii. jjescriPiwg we eer- vice, he says : — " Strange as it may seem to Eng lish Protestant ears, the service was incessantly going on at all the altars in the church ; congre gations were assembled at them, bells were ring ing, and responses chanted, and every now and then there was a procession, with bell and candle, from one part of the church to another. In the very midst of the sightseers, occupying everywhere the most com manding positions, from the slightest to the most dangerous elevation, priests were celebrating mass as if they were alone in the vast solitudes of the old basilicas here. I must add that every ten minutes the word of command was given in. no gentle voice to some body of soldiers to clear an avenue, push back a crowd, or make some new combination. This they had sometimes to do in the face of strong remonstrances. Lower down the nave I hear the thieves were plying their trade, with concerted attempts at disorder." THE PANTIN MURDER. The trial of Traupmann for the murder of the Kinck family was commenced at Paris on Tues day, 28th December. Great excitement prevailed, and the court was crowded. Upon a large table in front of the Judges were spread out the various pieces de conviction which were to be used against the prisoner. The clothes of each victim were placed separately, and in spite of the precau tions taken, are reported to have been unsavoury. This exhibition of silk dresses, little boots and hats, and a bit of bread and sausage, which one of the Kinck children was eating when it was struck down by the murderer, created a painful im pression. Alongside of these relics were ranged the various instruments employed by Traupmann in killing and burying his victims. The prisoner himself is described as "a small, slight, and juvenile-looking man with a thin wearied kind of face, not very pale. His look was rather timid than otherwise, owing, perhaps, to the fact of such a crowd gazing at him, and his eyes seemed to seek out the mem bers of the jury." During the reading of the indictment he evinced hardly any emotion, and appeared to listen with the utmost indiffe rence to the most terrible part of his crimes — the killing of Madame Kinck and her two younger children. He persisted in stating that the elder Kinck was concerned with him in the forgery affair, that Jean Kinck was poisoned by one of their accomplices, and that he himself did nothing. There are sixty-three witnesses to be examined. On 30th December, the prisoner was tuuucnfncu w ucauu. xac DCUIOBWC UI ucavu passed upon Traupmann called forth an outburst of applause among the spectators, which was, however, speedily suppressed. The condemned himself did not show the slightest sign of feeling. He bowed to the jury unaffectedly, and was silent on his way from the court to the Concier- gerie. Upon re-entering his cell he did not display the same gaiety as on the previous even ings, and could hardly stifle a certain emotion. He took no nourishment, with the exception of a glass of wine. AUSTRALIAN PRESERVED MEAT IN PARIS. On the 21st December the Emperor received at the Tuilleries'Mr. Tallerman, the enterprising manager of the London Australian Meat Agency. Napoleon III., who, during the whole of his reign, has never neglected any invention which was likely to prove beneficial to the country, ap pears to have been struck with the statements made concerning the economy of using Australian meat where large quantities of animal food are required for the army, navy, poor-houses, and soup-kitchens. Mr. Tallerman was invited to come over and bring with him a certain quantity of Australian beef and mutton, in order to test its qualities by being cooked in the Imperial kitchen in various ways, and then to be tasted by the Emperor and others. When the culinary process, under Mr. Tallerman's directions, had been gone through, the Emperor ordered the various dishes to be sent to the soldiers on duty at the guard-room of the Tuilleries, and then further directed that the men should express their Opinion on them. Out of 30 soldiers, 2o declared they were quite satisfied 'with such food, and found it an agreeable change from the ordinary rations. The Emperor re marked that he thought the dissenting five might " be wanting in appetite, as he found the Australian meat palatable, however cooked. Mr. Tallerman, accompanied by Mr. Mortimer, the Paris agent, came away a little surprised at the minute inves tigation the Emperor made about everything concerning the transport, preserving, and cost of Australian meat. Preserved meats from Ameri' sold in tin pots, have lone since been inte „3 in Paris, both beef and mutton, in Vhint jq0 cootea form being largely byiigb. the French, tlieir fondness for soups charged plentifully "with vegetables, offers facilities for introducing this class of preserved meat, and vMiich is an economy of 50 per cent, over the fresh meat bought in the Paris markets. Mr. Tallyman's Australian meat m Pans would, no doubt meet with less prejudice than in London, especially, too, as the French of the humbler classes are much better and more economical cooks than our English poor men s wives. ANGLO- AUSTRALIAN TOPICS. " Anglo- Australian," in the European Mail, gives the following information on colonial sub jects : — Mr. Ottywell intends sending out another ship load of emigrants to Canterbury about the end of February. The Queensland agent will also de spatch the Planet, 667 tons register, with emi grants for Brisbane at the end of January. I am glad to find that, though Mr. Wheeler has not received the appointment of Agent-General, the Queensland Government will continue to receive the advantage of his great experience and ability, as he will still remain in the Emigration Office here. Mr. Verdon despatched the Percy, with about 350 emigrants, to Victoria, on the 18th December. He has chartered the Crusader as the next emigrant vessel to Melbourne. . If the Victorian authorities have 'made arrangements with the Great Britain, she will also be employed to take emigrants out to Victoria. - The Working Men's Dinner Committee, of which the Marquis of Hamilton is the chairman, meets every week, but as yet they have not shown themselves very active. While I was at the Norton Folgate Australian Meat Establishment the other day, Vice-Chancellor Malins and the Dev. Stephen Gladstone (the Premier's son) looked in to inquire about the article, and the former gentleman took a sample home in his pocket. These are small matters, but they show that Australian meat is attracting attention. I may also mention that the Saturday Review of the 11th December had a leading article upon it, speaking of it in very favourable terms. On the 22nd December Mr. Verdon, amongst others, was present at some experiments in pre serving meat by Professor Gamgee, who was in troduced to him, with pliilantropic objects in view, by Miss Coutts. The professor's plan is to, preserve the meat by the agency of carbon, and it is stated to be so far very successful. The cost of the process is said, however, to stand in its way. I am told that some of the meat, several weeks after being so preserved, has been sold in Smithfield Market as fresh meat, and that the buyers have not known the difference. Mr. Anderson, formerly warden of Bendigo, is now superintending the laying down of the street \--tramway between Whiteckapel and Bow. He will, I believe, after the line is completed, have the general control of the traffic arrangements. In a paper "On Ocean Steam Navigation," read before the Institution of Civil Engineers, on 14tb December, by Mr. John Grantham, he con tended that in the- voyage to Melbourne there would be no saving in distance ©r in time by way of Suez. An interesting paper was read before the same institution on 7th December, on " The Public Works of the Province of Canterbury, New-Zealand," by Mr. Edward Dobson, Assoc. Inst. C.E. The Spectator of 11th December, contains an interesting article entitled " Strange News from the Australian Skies," on the results of recent astronomical observations by the great Melbourne telescope. The Lancet of lltli December has some severe remarks upon Mr. Henry Jacob Jordan and his Melbourne Anthropological Museum, and Dr. Barker. Amongst the literary publications of the month having relation to Australia and New Zealand, are "The Story of Our Colonies," by H. E. Fox Bourne, dedicated to Lord Granville ; " Station Life in New Zealand," by Lady Barker ; " How the Ballot Eeally Works," a speech delivered in the House of Commons in 1860, by the Sight Hon. Hugh C. E. Childers ; " The Boy in the Bush," a Christmas Story, by Edward Howe; "The War iu New Zealand" (Der Krieg in Neuseeland, by Von GustaY Droege, Bre men) ; " Four Years in Queensland," by E. P. Kennedy ; " Eights of Colonial Legislatures," a pamphlet (Stephens and Haynes) ; " Progress of Australian Native Industries," in the companion to the British Almanac, 1870, by John Plunjmer; " Report of the Conference presided over by the Duke of Manchester on the question whether Colonisation and Emigration may be made Self- supporting or even profitable to those investing capital tuerein ; ana " jjeatii or mariowe, oy E. H. Home, a new edition. In the Christian World there has appeared an article on Dr. Mueller, in Melbourne, entitled "Honoured -by the Q.ueen," referring to his having recently re ceived the Order of St. Jlichael and St. George, and speaking of the great services he has rendered in Australia to the science of botany. There is an article in Erasers Magazine for January, 1870, on " England and lier Colonies." Mr. Howe, formerly of Sydney, continues his contri butions to Good Words . Mr. E. Wilson has re published in a pamphlet form his letters to the Times on Colonial Reform. In the next number of the Fortnightly Magazine there will appear a paper on " New Zealand Literature," by Sir George Grey, discussing, amongst other things, the probability raised by Huxley of the rise of religious conceptions in the savage mind. An amusing and interesting story is appearing in Dicker's Australian Gazette, entitled " Incidents in the Life of a Colonist." FEIGHTFUL ACCIDENT AT BEISTOL THEATRE. A shocking occurrence took place at the new Theatre Eoyal, Bristol, on Boxing Night. A great crowd had assembled at the theatre to wit ness the pantomine of " Robinson Crusoe," and a steep gangway leading to the pit and gallery was crowded. About 7 o'clock, just before the doors were opened, a cry of " Fire " was raised, and iixj.uicu.iaueiy me aoors were unbarred there was a fearful rush towards them. One poor woman fell down, and the obstruction caused large numbers of others who were pushing in to fall on her, and ultimately nearly thirty men, women, and young people tumbled over one another in a heap, over which those behind still pushed in order to obtain admission. When the panic was over attention was paid to those on the ground, and twenty- three persons were taken up insensible ; fourteen of those undermost were found to be quite dead, aud they were taken into the refreshment-room and laid out. The remainder were conveyed to the infirmary, where four others had died, making . eighteen deaths in all. Of those lying dead in the refreshment-room, six were women, four menJ four boys and four girls. The performance of the pantomime was continued to the end. The dread of further accident, it is stated, prevented the manager from stopping the performance. When the play was over, and hundreds inside knew the read facts, the scenes outside the theatre and infirmary are said to have, been veay painful, and an eye witness writes as follows " Long before the doors were opened the avenue was ; crowded with a seething mass of holiday- folk bent upon witnessing the pantomime. All seemed in the happiest of moods, and good-natured jokes passed freely and were courteously received. This continued until about, twenty minutes to 7, when the gallery door was opened by Police-constable 189. About half-a-dozen persons may be admitted by this door at ; one time. The rush upon the opening was terrific. Stalwart men struggled to get forward, and women and children screamed with, fear. Then a cry of 'Fire' was heard, and a confusion ensued which resulted in the frightful, accident. It seemed, from what I could hear, that the first to fall was a somewhat elderly woman. Several boys followed, and then men. The screams of the fallen were heartrending, and little did those who heard them imagine as they passed on to the scene of fun and merriment that they were, in many cases, the death throes of others who had a few minutes before participated iu the cheerful conversation that beguiled the time of waiting. Loud shouts were heard from those in the .midst of the excitement that the crowd should keep back as much as possible, as several persons had fallen ; but the din and clamour was too great for the bulk of the crowd to hear the warning, and many of them passed on, not even knowing apparently that anything serious had happened. I was standing about 7 or 8ft. from the fallen, and in safety to myself, as well as to assist the poor helpless ones on the ground, I laboured as hard as I could to keep the crowd back, hut all my efforts were unavailing. On rushed the crowd, and I was carried like a straw in a stream to the bottom of the avenue. Being against the wall on the right hand side, I was able to let the crowd pass on, whilst I remained in the corner at the bottom. It was evident, all this time that the deadly work was going on, and when the place was comparatively clear it mani fested itself in an alarming manner. There lay men, women, and children, torn and bleeding, and covered with dust. The sight was sickening, and many a stout man's heart failed "him as he looked upon the dying and the dead. The mem bers of the police, with the assistance of ©there, did all they could to alleviate the sufferings of the injured ; bat a considerable time elapsed before the injured and the dead bodies could be removed from the scene." THE RED RIVER REBELLION. The New York Times of the 25th November publishes the following from Toronto. A special despatch to the Globe from St. Paul, Minn., says : — " A gentleman from Fort Garry arrived at St. Paul. He says the English half-breeds and whites take little or no pare in the demonstra tion. The insurgents are chiefly French half- breeds. A system of passes has been adopted, and strict surveillance is exercised.. The insur gents have taken possession of the Hudson's Bay storehouses, and are dealing out to themselves daily rations from the company's supplies. Dr. Brown, the editor of the Norwester, refused to print the rebel proclamation, but his partners were forced, at the mouth of the musket, to issue the revolutionary document, which was posted in various parts of the rebellious district. A Red River trading house at St. Paul learns that there is a strong organisation, including many half-breeds, awaiting a favourable opportunity to declare in favour of Governor M'Dougall. A Fenian priest is said to be directing the minds of the disturbers." Subsequent intelligence to 7th December, direct from Fort Garry, says that the insurrec tion is subsiding, and that there are now only about fifty insurgents under arms. The Scotch and English half-breeds are favourable to Mr. M'Dougall, and it is believed that he will be quietly installed as Governor on the 1st Janu ary. Governor Mactavish is dangerously ill. It is stated iu a telegram dated Ottawa, 25th De cember, that the Canadian Government, in con sequence of 'the resistance it has met with in taking possession of the Hudson's Bay territory, will not pay the purchase money until the spring. The same telegram says that the insurgents have issued a declaration of independence, in which they protest against their transfer to Canada, but at the same time express their willingness to negotiate with her in order to secure a good government. MR. PEABODY'S REMAINS. The remains of Mr. Peabody were removed from Westminster Abbey early on the morning of 11th December, and taken by special train to Portsmouth, where they were at once placed on board the Monarch. The cabin of the Monarch was specially prepared for the reception of the body. The hangings were of black cloth, with the initials " G. P." picked out in several places in white satin stitches. The cloth was looped up from the centre with white silk cords, and at the sides were some massive silver-plated candle sticks. The Monarch was taken to the jetty to which the Government line of rails runs from Landport terminus; and, in deference to the wishes of the friends of the deeeased, the pro cessional part of the ceremony was abandoned. The Commander-in-Chief of the port and district, the Corporation of Portsmouth, the officials of. the several Government establishments, the con sulates and vice-consulates, had proper places assigned to them. One of the United States war ships, the Plymouth, arrived at Spithead in order to accompany the Monarch. The Monarch was in mourning alow and aloft. From her dolphin- striker to her main royal masthead a coat of light blue paint wa3 applied. Her funnels, teo, were similarly painted, and she had a " ribbon " round her sides. Heavy gales from the S.W. kept the Monarch at Spithead until the morning of the 21st December, when she took her departure. Mr. Peabody's will has been proved in the Lon don Court. In it he leaves a further sum of £150,000 for the purpose of building lodging- houses tor the London poor. THEATRICAL. The chief theatrical topic of colonial interest is the approaching departure of Charles Mathews for Australia. He takes his farewell benefit at Covent Garden, under Royal patronage, on 4th January ; and a public dinner is to be given to him at Willis's rooms on 10th January. All England will wish him God-speed and prosperity on hiB distant tour, and the colonists will as suredly give him a warm and hearty welcome. It might with more truth be hazarded of him than of perhaps any other living actor, that, in his own peculiar line — " . . take Mm for all in all. We shall not look upon his like again." CnABLES Kean was occasionally funny in an elephantine way. He said that a poor play was like a poor horse — it couldn't draw and wouldn't run. 