JNDER TIHE SPELL. BY TILEDERICK WVILLIAM ROBINSON. oHAPTER XVII. NATrnAI LANOEFORD arrived at the Limes on the following day and completed, so far as it was possible to complete, the family circle. Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford took the head of the table, and sat in state with his sons. He was apparently the same easy father, and exercised no harsh authority over them. There had been nothing to seriously disturb him or set him in opposition against his sons since he had stepped out of his way five years ago to keep the name of Lanceford spotless. With his sons at his table-young men about to start in life and make homes of their own perhaps-this should have been his happiest time. It is for a little while that our sons and our daughters are round us-a turn of the wheel and how they are scattered ! Far away from us in home, thought, and heart; seldom-ah! too sel dom-the children we prayed God to bless when they left the tried for the untried ? And yet Mr. Lanceford was not happy. He was indolent; he saw a great deal of pleasure; he visited and gave parties, and went often to London and Paris; but he was decidedly not a happy man. He would let nothing trouble him if possible; he would be charitable at times ; his company was sought; he had a very fair name with most men, and he was a rich man. He was often puzzled that he felt no happier. Re pentance had nothing to do with it; he had no time to make himself miserable for any act done in the past; sad thoughts troubled him too much and spoiled his digestion. He could not understand a man sitting down to mourn over the evil he had caused or the hearts he had broken; bygones were by gones-he could not help them now. If money could have purchased atonement and set things straight again, Mr. Lanceford would have bought in his sine, and begun life even at that age with more confidence and faith ; but there was too much of the sensualist in his nature to waste time. Life was short, and he wished to feel comfortable in it. In his own opinion he had not been a bad man; for his life had been full of good resolutions, come of which had failed, and others had put forth a sickly shoot or two. He had met with more temptation than other men, and it had conquered him at times that was the secret. Had men whose wives were at their side been only tried like him, they would have booeen not a whit more firm-he knew the world and what mankind was, well enough. He was a philosopher ! .N'imsporto, tis life had been a failure, and his ambitious hopes were Dead Sea apples; the name of Lanceford must shine brighter in his sons. Their future was mapped out -he had told Mr. Gurnett so one Sunday evening five years since-and they were to distinguish themselves each in his way. Edmund and Nathan were now men of pro perty in the eyes of the law; and Willie's chances were as bright as his half-brothers, for the father had plenty of money to leave him, if he honoured and obeyed him like a dutiful son. He could see how the sons would turn out now-a slight deviation from his original plans, but he would not mutter discontent. Edmund would not shine forth in a great degree; he would degenerate into a red-faced, fox-hunting squire, keep race horses and packs of hounds; perhaps he might be M.P. some day when he sobered down a little. Nathan would be a clergy man, for he was a young man who took de grees and won all prizes, who was talked of at college as clever, oven amongst young and old men with whom cleverness was not a scarce article. Nathan was to be a bishop in good time. And Willie-he should be a great man too; money and interest should push that son of his forwardin the race, and money and interest to back one not quite dalt must work their wonders in the world. He thought a great deal of this, the first night of Nathan's return, when the dinner was cleared away and the wine was on the table. It was a scene similar to that which the reader was presented at an earlier period of this story, when Willie's Christmas gifts turned out so badly. The father at the head of the table, and the sons returned from their wandeorings. Those eons were children of a larger growth now; but there did not appear much change in them or their characters. There was the same easy careless air about the eldest eon, the same good-tempered looks and merry sparkle of the eyes, and the same rash attention to the decanters. An acute observer might have fancied the spirits not all free and unforced, and the laugh at times a little vacant; but had he known the boy Edmund'years ago, he could not have doubted him being father to the man. Willie we have already seen retained his old frankness, earnestness, and impetuosity, and there was in Nathan as little change as in his brothers. He had grown tall, and looked more thin; but the ugly stoop he had been inclined to indulge in had not been entirely got rid of, despite his efforts to square his shoulders, and sit upright. He wore his hair more long, which made his face look pinched and wan, and the size of his thoughtful looking eyes appeared to have increased. In manner he was the same Master Nathan Lanceford; reserved, almost timid, and still inclined to indulge in little shivering fits to him self. And Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford bore his years well. His was the face of a gentleman of seven and forty, that time had dealt leniently with-a handsome aristo eratic face enough. There was the slightest extra shade of gravity upon it that particular evening, for he had some mild reproofs to bestow on each of his sons, and he was thinking of the easiest and most quiet way of delivering them. " Two of you young gentlemen, I suppose I must consider out of leading- strings," said Mr. Lancoford at last. " Twenty-three and twenty-one are their own mastors-are both gentlemen of property and independ ent of the father. Still the father has a right, I thinlr, to offer his advice whilst the home remains honoured by the presence of the sons." He looked at Nathan as he spoke, who said, "certainly, certainly," in an embar rasseod manner. Edmund, busy with the silver nutorackers, kept cracking nuts noisily and winking across the table at Nathan, who feigned not to observe him. "I interfere so seldom with my sona' amusements that I am sure you will excuse mo," said Mr. Lanceford, "more especially as advice can hardly be called interference even now. I can only. assert it to be good advice." "Nothing like good advice," said Ed mund with his tongue in his cheek, "it does a fellow no end of good! " "My advice has been of service to you at times, Edmund, scoff at it as you may." " I don't scoff, sir; I value good ad vice when kindly meant-I seek to profit by it." The father gave his French shrug of the shoulders and turned to Nathan again. Edmund had always been of a sparring dis position and ready with his answers. Since the love-dream of five years since he might have valued kind advice, but he had not received it very courteously. "I believe this is the first time in my life, Nathan, that I have troubled you," be gan the sire, " and I think I may rely on your attention. I have no cause for com plaint now; but there are amusements, hobbies, which may grow upon you, and for which you are particularly unsuitable." " What amusements are particularly un suitable for me, sir ? " "Theatrical amusement, I am inclined to think, is not the most intellectual or appro priate pursuit for a young gentleman study ing for the church; and as the country pa-. pars, being short of news, have taken the un warrantable liberty of making you the talk of Dorsetehire, I respectfully suggest its discontinuance." Nathan turned rather pale, pushed his long hair from his forehead, finished his glass of wine, and regarded his father steadily. He had seen his namein the pa pers also, and been inclined to feel proud of his popularity! He had expectedat home some little attack from Mr. Lanceford, and had resolved to take that opportunity of throwing a light on his future intentions. Nathan Lanceford was a cool, quiet lad, and to a certain extent nervous, but he was no coward. He was quite prepared to defend himself. " A newspaper report of a private enter tainment at a gentleman's house is not good taste--I acknowledge it, Mr. Lanceford," said Nathan, "and I was as unprepared for the paragraph as yourself, if not as deeply offended. But you will pardon me if I cannot see any harm in this hobby or amusement, and if I cannot without some little pain to myself, and some more offence to my friends, suddenly cease from its indul gence." "Surely you are not passionately attached to so frivolous a pursuit ?" "I have recently been trying to form amongst my friends a little theatrical club. I have succeeded in my efforts, and I cannot in good faith suddenly withdraw." "You have a very good reason to urge," persisted Mr. Lanceford. "The sacred calling you intend to follow is surely not compatible with theatrical pursuits." " lintend to follow, Mr. Lanceford ! " re peated Nathan. " You will pardon me again, but I have had grave doubts lately if my heart be sufficiently in the work to warrant me taking holy orders. And if I cannot work earnestly, heartily, I must not enter a profession involving so great an amount of responsibility." Mr. Lanceford, though he sat showing no signs of surprise or displeasure, was taken aback by this firm reply of his son. He had not expected such coolness and firmness in Nathan. He had always underrated his powers, and thought with all his ability that there was considerable weakness of mind in him; he had never expected trouble with that son; he was to obey all his wishes, and have no will of his own. Mr. Lanceford's map said so ! "I thought your profession had been de cided upon," said the father. " When I first went to college I had no particular objection to it. I would have obeyed your wishes, Mr. Lanceford; Iwent with that object. But every day assures me more that I am unfitted for the task, and my conscience will not let me play the hypo crite. "It is rather odd to hear a Lanceford talking of his conscience," said Edmund with an abrupt laugh. "And urging an objection to play the hypocrite," added lr. Lanceford, with a glance in Edmund's direction. "No, that's not odd," replied Edmund, " for there are no hypoorites amongst the Lancofords. Everything fair and honest, and above board ! Pass the wine, 'Willie." "Well, Nathan, you are your own master," said the father, moodily; "you have pos sibly made up your mind, and no persuasion 'of mine will alter your determination. I will not speak of my wishes-have my sons ever regarded them? Nor of my hopes for they vanish away early in the day, and leave me despairing." It was not a despairing countenance, albeit a vexed and troubled one. He had seen great honours in the church 'awaiting Nathan, and now the son turned from them all, and the father knew his power was weak to keep him in the right path. But he did not yet despair of overcoming Nathan's scruples, though he felt with every day his eldest sons were drifting from him, and caring less for his commands. Was this retribution for a past in which he had erred? "It is the curse of knowing yourself a gentleman and born to a fortune, that is be ginning to spoil you," said he more severely, " that sets your will in opposition to mine, thwarts my wishes, and will shadow my latter days. So be it. I am powerless. We will not discuss the matter further. One question, and I have done." Nathan waited patiently. "May I inquire if any new profession has offered its charms to you, and given you a distaste for that which I would have had you follow ? I ask this, because I cannot imagine you indolent all your days. You have been too persevering, and evinced al ready too much energy, to sit down idle in the midst of the battle going on around you." " I have not made up my mind to any profession at present," said Nathan, after some little hesitation. "Lot it not disgrace the Lanoofords," said the father proudly. "I will respect the name, sir." Mr. Lanceford turned to Edmund. " Are you prepared to follow my advice, and show a good example for once, Ed mund? " "I am prepared to hear advice, sir," re plied Edmund, " though it's too late in the day to make a burning light of me." "You give up college this term, I be lieve ? " " Yes, sir." "Let me advise you to travel." "I was thinking of a continental tour only last night, sir; in a month or two I might follow your counsel, Mr. Lanceford." "Foreign cities, foreign manners, will improve you, and- remove you from temptation here." "What temptation ?" cried Edmund, firing up. "Who has been talking of temp. tation?" and for a moment he looked suspiciously towards his youngest brother. "Shall we say from playing the tempter, then ? " said Mr. Lanceford. " Possibly that may be nearer the truth." "No, sir, no." "I am glad to hear your denial, for I have never found you untruthful. But I cannot shut my ears to rumour, and. rumour is busy with your name. A gentleman cannot pay attention to his maid-servants, even compliments, in a country place, with out a hundred eyes upon his actions, and a hundred tongues to multiply and exaggerate them. Do you understand me?" " Is the world of Dorsetahire-the world round-us at the Limes- beginning to talk scandal about me ?" " Yes." "'And I have been home a fortnight! What a charitable world to bend the knee to, and own one's self its slave !" And with a petulant stamp of his foot, Edmund Lanceford rose and walked from the room. Mr. Lanceford watched his depar ture, replenished his glass, and then leaned back and regarded the chandelier over his head. He was tired of discussion and offer ing advice, and he was not in a conversa tional mood that evening. He preferred to sip his wine and reflect after Edmund Lanceford's departure, and leave Nathan and Willie to their own talk-such talk as it was-Nathan being inclined to answer in monosyllables. Presently Nathan Lance ford rose and went out of the room biting his finger nails and studying the carpeted floor, and Willie was left to sit in state with his father. Mr. Lanceford turned his eyes toward Willie at last. "Had you not better follow your, bro ther's example, and seek more congenial society, William Ernest?" "Not unless you wish to be alone, papa ?" "I am tired; I am not good company to night." "Do you miss Mr. Glrnett?" inquired Willie. Mr. Lanceford shuddered. "No; I do not miss him-that is, not very much. Still," he said, with something like an effort, ' he is one companion the less, and he is a man after my own heart." "I met him and his daughter yesterday." "Indeed," he answered, absently. Willie thought that his father had,for gotten the subject, so long a time elapsed before he spoke again. Suddenly and sharply Mr. Lanceford said at last " You will be going to college soon. What is to be done with Mr. Gurnett.?" " I suppose he will leave the Limes." "No-he must not leave the Limes," said the father; "he must stay here till I can recommend him to another family as tutor. I think of making a librarian of him for the present." " You are very good, sir. Mr.' Gurnett will be pleased at the appointment, I think, for he has become attached to 'us." " I shall give him a handsome salary ; he shall have nothing to complain of," mur mured Mr. Lanceford, more to himself than his son. "And he is a saving tman, sir-saving with a purpose." "What's that?" asked Mr. Lanceford sharply. " ' He and his daughter, I understand, are putting away a small sum every year to wards a future cottage, wherein they are both to live and be happy together." "Weak is the man who builds his hopes on the future, or trusts in a happinese far away in the distance,". moralised Mr. Lance ford, " for the hopes will vanish away and the happiness never be realised. It is to be expected-it is the fate of myriads; it is written out for us, and we struggle in vain. I wish Mr. Gurnett every happiness-he is a man who deserves it "-with a half sigh -'t but he will be one in a thousand if he gain it!" Mr. Lanceford relapsed into thought again, and the wine remained untasted at his side. Willie trifled with his glass, and endeavoured once oir twice to disturb his fa ther's reverie; but his efforts were weak; and he gave it up at last and rose. " Perhaps I had better bid you good night, papa." " Good night, good night, Willie,' re sponded the father, looking up for al mo ment. Willie left the dining-room, closed, the door behind him, and shut Mr. Lanceford in with his thoughts-thoughts far from plea sant, for his brow knit, and his white hands clenched more than once. 'Thoughts of the past, leading at last to the present;, and bringing his sons before him again and re peating their answers to his paternal ad vice. "Are these my children, and is this the end of my hopes in and for them ? But one more to trust in, and he may fail me like the rest! Well, well, is it to be expected that I should attain happiness when hun dreds more deserving pray vainly for it every day? Why should I sit' thus soared to see my own sine rising again in my sons ? Have I done so very much to make them better than myself?" . The thoughts that were troubling him went back again to a past when he. was younger and less inclined for these half flashes of repentance-for they were' but weak flashes even now, and did not often trouble him-when his own recklessness, stubbornness, and selfishness had weakened his moral courage, and made him what he was. OCHAPTER XVIII. It was true that "people " hadboegun to talk. People soon begin to talk in these times; the shadow of suspicion falls easily on the best of us, and is the hardest task in the world to shake off. The world will gos sip, and find its own reason for our actions, and prate on unceasingly about them, multi plying our evil ways, and giving us credit for no good. People had begun to talk of Edmund Lancoford and Kitty Dornton-to talk a great deal about them, for in this quiet country place it was a noew excitement, and kept the scandal- mongers lively. There was no proof of wickedness or weakness; but those who knew the human heart could guess it all well enough. Moro than one servant at the. Limes had seen Edmund Lanceford lingering about the lodge gates of an evening in Jemmy Dornton's absence -.had seen him chatting in a lively manner to the pretty lodge-keeper, and the pretty lodge-keeper blushing at his compliments. ."Peope!o" put that down at once to love making: and as no love- making between a poor man's daughter and a rich young heir could be honest, why they fastened on two characters at, once, and began to buzz their doubts around them, and make things ton times' worse than the reality-the " people's" wiay in general ! And Ned Lanceford really meant no harm. Jemmy's daughter had grown to a beautiful ysoing 'woman, and he had paid her a few compliments, and smiled at her once or twice, and felt a little strange when he felt the full force of her own bright smile re turied' him. Then'he began to think how ptt?t"' she was,' and what a dangerous gift er'gobd looks were,' and then' to wonder if she would be at the lodge to open the gates vheri he rode hbmewvards, and then to hope 'she would'be, and finally to linger there, and rally'her on her sweethearts in his usual -gbod.tempered way, :and admire the fre quency of the blushes as they chased one another over her, ciheeks. Edmriund Lance-, ford .was naturally- idle and thoughtless; he bhad,no pursuit,` no attachment of, the heart' 'in' an6ther. direction now;, and it' was plea saiht to fancy-.the girl was pleased to see him, and that her face brightened when it 'eas turned totvards his own. There were so few'glad to see him now that the novelty of .the,thinghad its attraction. ,,i Qh.! there was no harm. Why, when he was a boy, he had been partial to Kitty Dornton; he had been almost her playfellow, and had teased her out of her life with his ,oyes tricks, and frightened her to death with ghost-stories in the winter time, when there wasea long dark avenue perhaps to traverse lbefore reaching the house with a message. He liked,Kitty Dornton, and 'now he had :plenty, of money at command he intended to' give her a hundred pounds as'dowry when she married a swain in his father's service or from one of the' neighbouring villages. 'There :was no haim, even when it came to simoking' his cigars at the lodge gates, strollipg along the avenue for a change, and luiring Kitty to the door of the lodge with some. frivolous- inquiry, and keeping her there, half pleased and half frightened, till shibe forgbt tinie and'her in-door needlework, hand ev.erything but Edmund Lanceford's .words; which were beginning to be treasured tip and 'valued far too highly. For Kitty Dornton, though she was a 'gooid'girl-even "innocent ass heaven," as 'we have heard the doting father say once in her younger years--conld not help thinking too much of Edmund Lanceford. ' She was far from:a vain girl; but she knew she was a'country beauty, and' that'the Dorsetehire clodhoppers were falling in love with her every day. She had sense enough too to know. that Edmund laoceford .was as far removed from her as the stars; but she was at a:romantio age, and. lords and gentlemen did fall is love with humble beauties some times-she had read as much in story-hooks. She knew she should never be married to him;-but she.might love him in her humble way-yes,,;it came: to thinking of loving himj in a.nhumble way at last!-and even live single all. her 'life for his, sake,' though he;married a grand. Indy and took her away to a large house of his own,. where he would live happily, ,and never think of her. Heighol she might be dying for him then, and he never.a bit the wiser! And' then; the people began to talk, although Kitty knew nothing of the talking as yet, and wondered a little at strange lobkplr and stranger, hints from her well-! ,wishers to. tke care. People talked so in the next village, and in the lower regions of the Limes, that the rumour reached the ears of Jemmy Dornton at last, who laughed, at first, and then swore and "darmed" the eyes and limbs-of all the gossiping fools in, Dorsetshire who hadn't anything better to do than backbite' honest people and think ill oni 'em. He cobuld trust his daughter Kitty;' and, ay,' he could trust Master Edmiii', his master's son, too, for' all his goisigeson. He had crowed a rackety lad, but he wouldn't'turn his poor girl's head or break a poor nan's heart. Heo knew what the:Lanceford'blood wor made on better nor: that.";: And the brown hand came with a' crash on the' kitchen-table and frightened1 ths:eouls out'of his listener,. And yet 'the people talked still, and dmniy Dornton could not live down the: scandal or stop 'his neighbours' tongues. He could eveni think it was a little strange, that Kitty 'coloured' up whenever he spoke of Mast'r Edmun'--that it was a trifle more: strange Mast'r Edmun' being so often near the lodge, and selecting the avenues so, often for his evening promenade. His own master spoke of Kitty at last; he had opened the. lodge,gates for him, and Kitty, who haiid' run eagerly to the door, had dis appeared as quickly when she had caught a, gliiase of Mr. Lanceford's face. ."I want you at the house, Jemmy." ""'Very well, air." And Jempmy, touching. his front lock of hair,; ha.d walked down the avenue a few yards in.the rear of Mr. Lanceford, till that gentleman', had. signed to him with his riding-whip to approach a little closer. " Your daughter grows a handsome girl, Jemmy.'' "God bless'hr i!-yes." "'She had better go back to service than stoii. here, I think," was Mr. Lanceford's remark. "I have too many grown-up sons, and young men will admire pretty faces. 'Yo and I did 'when we were younger, He utteied lightly his remark, and laughed a little; but it was received not lightly by the old domestic. He took it for a?,?rnlmog, and it was meant to be thus "taken. Still Jommy Dornton did not foeel inclined to send his daughter to London again. He had faith in his girl; she was iris only child, and life was lonely without her. He had faith too, like a servant of the good old school, in those hie served, and he would not 'believe for an instant in any of his young masters doing hIim or Kitty harm. And "that Edmup'" had been asuch a noble boy too-had been in love with a young lady whom his father wouldn't let him marry, and would no more think of his Kitty than of his old 'ooman who was dead and gone. Hoe would put a pal-lal case to young Mr. Edmin', and tell him not to joke any more with Kitty as if Ihe and she were boy and girl still, and would hint at tlhe evil he was unconsciously becoming thle agent of. He knew hlie had only to speakr, and it was time, mayhap I So Jommy Dornton watched for Edmund Lanceford, and had not long to wait his op portunity. That evening Nod Lanceford sauntered down the avenue in his usual list less fashion-cicvar in mouth, after the usual fashion too. Half-way down the avenue he was somewhat surprised to find Jommy Dornton at his elbow. " VWell, Jemmy, old fellow, you're bound homnewards early to-night." "noight, Master Edmun' - ' Master Edmun',' says I," he repeated with a laugh, "just as if you wor the boy still, sir!" "I wish I were sometimes, when I'm inclined to be misanthropical. Know what that big word means, Jemmy ? " "Not exactly, sir." "Buy a good dictionary and you'll find the definition -' mulligrubs.' Forcible, neat, and expressive." ., "I'm a going home early to-night to road a story I'm a little interested in," said Dorn ton very gravely. " Why, you can't read, Tommy." " I can read this one-my daughter's been trying to teach me letters lately, like a good girl as she be." " Well, what's the story about ? " "Aboot a young girl, very good and innercent, whose good name's being. tooked away frodi her-a young girl who thinks no harm, and knows nothing of the world. There he a young man.in that story, na terally enough." '' A young man who means no harm too, I hope, Jemmy,'" said Edmund, the colour burning iin his face and settling there. "I hope so too-I nrn't got to the end of the story, and can't tell. I doan't believe for an instant he would hurt a hair o' that girl's head, although he be going the way to kill her, by making people talk ashoot her. .He be only foolish and thoughtless, I believe -I well believe! Ho he fond of his jest he. always wor-and I think, if' he know what harm he be doing; even for an'old' sarvant's sake, he'd stop. You'll excuse the story, sir,. if it's anything pal-lal like, I know." . .And the old man's instinctive reverence: for his' master and his master's sons made him look a.little anxiously into Edmund Lanceford's face. ' '!That. story will end all right, old man. Upon my soul, it shall! " he cried more warmly. " Thank'oe, sir- thaink'ee. I knewIhad only to speank." " Depend upon it, Jemmy, it's a foolish story with little truth in it, although the heroine may suffer notwithstanding.. We'll. cut the young man out of the tale and end it happily. Good-night." And wheeling round abruptly, Edmund Lanceford pitched his cigar into the lake and marched back towards the Limes. He had made up his mind; lie would take his father's advice and go abroad-if only for: Kitty Dornton's sake. it was but fair. Going abroad for the sake of a coachman's daughter was somewhat amusing, and he laughed bitterly to himself as he approached the house.. He should ses life abroad. Per haps, if he preferred foreign cities and the foreign acquaintances he should make therein to England and the English, he would settle down there. No .one 'cared for him in "his native land'; his brothers had pursuits and friends of their own; his friends were loose fish for whom he had no esteem; and his father had crushed out his first romance and made him a .worldling early. Standing on the broad.flight of steps before :the entrance doors,.he wondered if Kitty Dornton would miss him at all, even if she would not miss him more than' all his relatives and nacquaint ances put together. Confound the girl! how she bothered his, brain, and kept his heart beating ! And so people had begun to talk of Kitty and him already, to ascribe to him unworthy motives, and to bespatter her with that devilish black slander for which no woman once marked out ever escaped with her fame entirely unsullied. For half the people who tallk are content with the scandal, ind' will doubt or evade the refutation. Saints are few and sinners are many, and if we put too much trust in the first, the last will escape us! Edmund Lanceford commenced his pack ing the next day. Five years ago he was preparing for a journey in search of .a lady : now he was hurrying away from a servant girl. He did not' leave home with a very light heart in the first instance; he did not feel particularly cheerful oven now, though affairs were different, and he was neither morbid nor misanthropical. Once or twice he felt almost in a chivalrous glow; for was he not one in a thousand-he who preferred leaving England, and breaking a hundred engagements for the season, to the robbery of a fair girl's name on his account ? And perhaps he had not noted quite straightfor wardly-the world thought him frank and honest at least, and he was only a sly hypo crite. Perhaps he had in the impulse of the moment, not designedly, led the girl to think he 'had a little affection for iher. He had sought her company more often than was necessary; he had ridden in and out the lodge gate too many times, and lingered at the lodge too often talking to her, notto turn her pretty weak head a little. He had taught her to blush at his compliments; and her face to light up at his approach. He had pressed her hand more than once, and one evening-he loft off packing to consider that, and sat arm iq arm with the devil thinking it over--he had suddenly caught her. in his arms and kissed her and made her cry, and then begged very hiardfor forgive ness of his rudeness, and muttered some inco herent words by way of excuse that it was her heauty or his love had.mastersrdd him till Kitty had hidden her burning blushes in the lodge and. shut him out in the moon light. God forgive him! he had been a great villain. It was Ilis duty to go--lhe had not done many noble actions in his lifo to hogrudgo himself this one. 'Yes, lihe would go; and drawing himsolf up proudly, and looking his fate in the face, he seemed a young man. who could perform a noble action yet. And tlhat same day the rumours were very busy with Kate Dorn ton's name, and the news of Edmund Lancford's early departure from England came to the fair lodge-loeper and struck at her a double blow. And whoen this girl Iknow-as she took pains to know, for her pride was roused and there was a true woman's spirit in her-all that had boon spoklon of her in the villnge and whispered in the servants' hall, Kitty Dornton was hardly recognisablo. The colour vanished from lher choeeks and lips; an expression asomething akin to despair sottled on hlier face, shadowing and lining it; a weakness of limb, a difiloulty of breathing, a prono ness of her eyes to fill suddenly with tears, following: the good name of the Dorntons was lost, "and her name was lightly talked of by all who had known heor from her child hood and should have trusted in her more. Why, there were old school companions, some even in service at the Limes, who passed her now, too proud of their own virtue to believe in hers; and there was a look in the eyes of the men-servants up at the house, and the coarse villagers in the neighbourhood, which reddened her cheooks for an instant, but made her heart sink fear fully. And then, to add to her inward grief, though she tried hard to repress that now, Edmund Lanceford passed in and out of the gates, if they were open, without glancing towards the lodge; and if he re turned late and she had to open them, lihe gave a grave " thank you, Kitty," and rode on with his eyes fixed on his horse's mane. Well, it was best he should forget hor-if he. had ever thought of her, which was doubtful-so much the. better for him and herself! Still she should have liked him to glance towards her once or twice; it seemed as if lie were turning against her with the cruel little world in which she lived. Edmund Laneoford glanced towards her at last-it was in the twilight, returning from a ride with Nathan two days-before his proposed departure. "How dreadfully ill that girl is look ing!" involuntarily exclaimed Nathan, when she had opened the gates and they had passed through and left her standing there. " Who-Kitty Dornton ? " asked Edmund quickly. "Yes. She gives me the horrors, Ned. Where are you going ? " Ned had wheeled sharply round, and brought his horse's head against the gates 'again just hes Kitty was locking them. She gave a start and turned more deathlike than before. "What is the matter, girl?" he asked with an abruptness that sounded to Kitty's ears very fierce and stern. "Nothing, sir." "Are youi ill?" "No, sir." She moved towards the lodge in a hurried manner, for she was ill that night, and Ned Lanceford sat on his horse's back and watched her. She faltered once as her foot touched the one step before the lodge, and reached out her hand towards the ivied wall to steady herself. . The instant afterwards Ned Lancefbrd, with flashing eyes and heav ing ohest, was.at her side. "Kitty, do you know I am going away that I think it best ? " Kitty did not answer. His hand held her arm so tightly that she winced with. pain. "I am going for your sake-tell me to stop." " No, no." "Toll me to stop, for mercy's sake ! " " Let me go-let me go. Mr. Lanceoford; you are too cruel; " and Kitty broke away and darted into the lodge. Edmund Lanceford went back, sprang into.his saddle, and rode after his brother, who waited for him fifty yards in advance. " Why, Ned, I shall begin to believe it's all true," said Nathan as he came up. "What's all true ? " he asked fiercely. "This flirtation of yours with' pretty Kitty. Is she fretting about your going away ?" "I wish she were! " " Why.?" asked Nathan, surprised. "It's a change to have someone fretting for me;. if I left a dog behind me sorry for my going, I should go away the hap pier." " fy dear Ned," said Nathan, "you are a strange fellow. You are .as greedy of affection at times as if you were lavish of it yourself. -This is the old complaint of five years since. Does it arise from the same disease?" "No ! " was the short response. " What is there to fret about because a brother leaves for the continent ?-I wish I had the chance! " "I shall settle down there, perhaps, for ever!" "Not you!" - " Why not?" "Because you'll never settle down any where," said Nathan, with a laugh. "You'll see." The brothers rode the rest of the way in silence, each thinking of the other's words. The remainder of the evening was spent togethero in the drawing-room. Mr. Lance ford was absent, and Nathan did his best to divert Edmund's mind and become a conver sational being-doing three-fourths of the' talk, and all the laughing. In the middle of Nathan's efforts, his elder brother broke in with : " Supposing that girl were fretting for me, haven't I a right to maklte her sorrows loss, if the power be in my hands?" "It depends--" "It depends on nothing but my own will, and I am my own master. I have been fooli enough to make love to her; why should I not suffer for it? What is the world to meI that I should study it, 'or fear its talking? I never' made one soul happy in my life,' and here's a chance slipping through my' hands !" "Rubbish, Ned, rubbish! If you have made love to her, the girl has been equally to blame to listen, kInowing your position. Don't go rushling at a folly in haste, thatyou will bitterly repent of at leisure." " What an oyster you are, Nat ! How it is possiblle for a cold- blooded party like yourself to play Othollo well, puzzles my comprohonlsion! You don't believo in love and disinterested affection-you have no feeling, no--" "Hold there!" cried Nathan, starting up-" it's all a lie-it's my old grioevance you don't understand me. I believe you never will now-I give it up!" After a moment lie cried-"you talk of love, and fancy yourself smitten with every woman you moot-you know nothing abolut it. You would have married a girl five years ago, of whom you wouhld have boon tired by this time-you would marry Jommy Dornton's daughter in a romantic fit that must die out andl leave your life a wreckl that's not love ! " "What's youridoa of it?" said Edmund, bitterly. "Love has patience, courage, and faith. It can wait, and pray, and trust in bettor times-can live on without hope, and bless the hand and hIart that will not sonk its own. It does not chango wvith years-save to grow _mrongcr and more pure." Edmund Lunceferd Tes taken abank at this new phase of hias brother's character. He could account for Othello being very well impersonated then. There was passion and lifo in his words; there was grace and man liness in his actions. No, he did not know Nathan Lanceford yet. " What-touched at last, Nat ?" "I don't say so ! " "Well, I'll not press you, Nathan-love confessions to one's friends or brothers are not pleasant ordeals, and I'm only in the humour for my own troubles, just at present. Still, Nat," offering his hand, "God speed you-you wished me that five years since, when under the spell! " "And one good turn deserves another thank you ! " They shook hands, and then Edmund left the drawing-room and wont into the night air again, and began walking up and down the lawn before the house till his foot were wet with the dew. He was strangely excited that night; his hands were hot, his temples throbbed, lhe felt discontented with every body, himself included. lo was going away in two days, and only one in the world was grieved at his departure. His father had calmly approved of his intention, and expressed no regrets at separating from his first-born; Nathan had only shown a little animation that night, more on his own no count than his brother's; and Willie had ridden off to Mnelcombe Regis as usual, despite his promises to spend the whole of that week with him. And that girl's white face--ha! perhaps it was too late, and the good name was lost before his absence could save it. Lost, and by his own folly ! He' went round to the stables and sought out Jemmy. "Dornton, I want you." Jemlmy was waiting for Mr. Lanceford and Willie's return, leaning with his back against the door which led to the lower rooms and servants' hall at the Limes. His arms were crossed and ihe sooeemed re garding intently the great horn lantern at his feet. He looked up as Edmund came into the paved yard, 'but he shook his head at the request. "I can't come-I'm busy," he said with leess civility than usual. "That story, man-how did it and ?" "Bad for the girl; I thought it would." "But the man goes-is going away!" "Too late, sir; the parish know all about it, and my girl's name be blasted for ever and over, hero! She he everything that's bad now; there's no innerconce in her, according to her friends within there; " said Jemmy, jerking his hand in the direction of the servants' hall. "I ha' had enough of it; I can't bear their whispers aboot. her, and their pity aboot me. Dorm 'em !-I wants no pity from such as them-loikes. I'm a proud old man, and aboovo it!" " And this is my fault," groaned Nod Lanceford. "Ay, your fault, Master Edmun'-may hap it'll be a lesson to you. I doan't say even now you meant to harm her-I needn't say I doan't believe a word of what they talk aboot-I know her, and I fancy I know you. But it be all the same as if the worst had happened, and the shame will kill my girl, who bean't strong, who was allus weak and gentle !" "I have been a fool! " "A trifle more than a fool once, Master Edmun' Lanceford, or they belie you indoors here. They think that the least that hap pened-I say it be the worst, for I. ha' my girl's word for it. You made some sort of love to Iher once-you kissed her, didn't you ? "-and the old man sprang erect, and kicked the lantern over in his volho menne. "Yes," cried Edmund. "Well, well, well, I forgave you last night for it when my daughter war crying on liher knees. I forgtve her and you. Good-night to you. Doan't talk of it again, never no more, for I can't abear it !" And the old man turned away his head. Ned Lanceford went home, and proceeded to deliberately unpack again; the mischief was done, and going abroad would only in crease suspicion, not lessen it. Thoer would be no pleasure in leaving England. There was a strange wild charm in lingering about the Limes now, and living down slander perhaps save Kitty Dornton from its evil effects, if his assertion were necessary. His father might wish him gone; but he had never cared to obey half-wishes, given as advice and warning, and other unpalat able pills. On the day that he should have departed Kitty Dornton gave way; she became seri ously ill, and the doctor 'from Dorchester was called in. ' Though a child of poor parents, Kitty had' known little care or trouble till that time-she had hoon in tIer little sphere one of fortune's favouriteos, for father and mother had given her lier way and studied her wishes. Now all her trou bles had set in, and she was too weak to withstand the first rush of them. Doubt less she would have beaten them off in time, for there was no little energy in the charac ter of Kitty Dornton; but there was tne whose conscience stung him, and who would not wait for time. A noble, impulsive nature, spoilt by wilfulness and an early want of moral training-a nature that acted on the instant for good or ill, and left cool deliberation, perlhaps repentance, for the houir beiyond, when to change was to look liltke a knave. Edmund Lanceford heard of Kitty's ill ness lato in the day, ansi started at once fur the lodge withlout his hat, as hlie hIad risen from dinner witth Mr. Lancford and his irothors. HIo would wait for nothing; Ihe had worked much of evil, and the act of reparation sooeemed easy. He roached the lodgeo and pushed open the door that was ajar. Jeommy Dornton was standing with hIis back to the door talking to a sloeky gentleman in black--tohe doctor from Dor chester. Jemmy turned red and frowned at this selddin appearance of his young master, and the doctor borwed and rhbedrl one Ihandl over the other, and said, "Mr. Lancoford, I presume ? " "Yes," shortlyroturned Edmund; "how's the patient--whore is sIhe ?" "It doau't matter wheore shelo be," said Jommy; "it be none of your business, Mas ter Edmun'." "Yeo it is! iow is shteo? " "She appears weaktl, pilso very high, some folrilo symtptoms-ontothitg tlarming, Mr. Lancorfuird," replied the doctor; "pos sibly to.morrow --" "Is sHi p ?ip" "She is sitting by tho window of her room -a little fresh nir --" "W,'hero be you going?" shouted Jemmy. "Lot me pass, Dornton-I can croe her with a word. Only me, and I moan it. Don't stop me, man-make way!" TIoe said something in a lower tone, and Jeommy, turning more red than over, dis tended his eyes and gasped for breath. "No-no-you doan't know what you be saying-you had bettor go away!" "I have made up my mind !" said Ed mund, looking very stern. " But, Mr. Lancoford-but --" "I am my own master-Jommy, I must n?o her! You, her father, don't want to kill her, surely ? " Jemmy lot him pass, and he entered the room and ran towards Kitty, sitting at the window in her father's easy chair. She turned a startled Iook towards him, half rose, and then sank bnck again. 1Oh! Mr. Edmund." " lush--don't oxcito yourself, Kitty-I will leave you directly. I have come to save you from slander and give you my name, if you'll have it! Tell those who have any thing to say against you that you are Edmund Lanceoford's promisod wife. It is the plain truth !" S"Oh! Mr. Edmund," the girl repeated, covering her face, scarlet enough now, with her hands, and trembling violently, "it mustn't be-it can't he." "Love levels all distinctions, Kitty-nnd I'm not the first who has been content with hbeauty and virtue, and cared nothing for the heirosses round me. Fine ladies are not fit for me, Kitty; I never liked them; Thdro ! I will not bother you any longer, only re member-live for me! eTo took her hand and kissed it, and then hurried through the lodge into the avenue, without apprising Joommy and the dontor of the result of his strange courtship. Under thie limes he walked for a few minutes, looking grave and stern, and very unlike a lover returning from a triumphal love scene; then he turned to the left and dived into the great park apportaining to the Lancoford estate.' He wound his way amongst the trons till he reached adoeep green dell, dusky with the shadow of the foliage, whore lie fung himself full length, and tried to re member what had happened, and to think of the life that lay beyond, and of her who was to share it with him ! (l7b be aotinetL.J 