THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE VATICAN.' We continue .our report of the proceedings in connection with the Council, making use for that purpose of the clever letters of Father Dilke, in Catholic Opinion, as they are to non-theological readers the most acceptable. "Rome, December 23. A YANKEE SHODDY MERCHANT AND A BRITISH "SPECIAL" V.Tbert! isrredly no iiewB of anteeest but what is contained in ,'thd : Document8 of which I unclose ii-translation. The fiotmcil is engaged oa the iteehsical work of adf-jorpuuBfctian. a • Twill not imitate 'Our Special Correspon- .1 by transmitting the "kind of "Boman rts' which pass cutrent sua England, but will ad yon what some <me wittily Calls «a fact, 'Noah Vanderhorn* our New York millionth whom your readers were introduced • v ; n s. Peter's, is lodged in princely style one of the best palazzi -here, hired from a nan family of distinction. 'We were there last night ait a grand gatherof American citizens, who hold together a d deal in Rome. Our host began telling idee Davis and the rest of as, of an encounter shad bad with & number of English literary „ connected with the press, with whom he [d. it seems, got into a rather warm discussion (the Cafe the evening before. I" 'I say, Judge,' said our friend, 'yon should ive seen the set-to I had last night with a lot Britishers at the Caf<5;—bowie-knives and Ivolvere, says I, but I'll speak my mind.' '"Now, Noah,' said the Judge, ' can't you , ep y 0Ur hands off the Britishers even out ° I'll lay any bet you were on those etarnal l u m M claims' '"Of course,'! he said. 'I touched 'em up ,„„ on the raw—laid'clown the law for 'em, lj iey hadn't a word to say > tut, then, as I ou,ed to blow off more steam, I says to a big Enay chap, one of the ' Specials,' but I wasn't Imposed to know that, it wouldn't have been Smetle,—' Stranger, I do declar I never see Ich a set of mean-whites as your representa- (ves of the British press out here. Til tell you Miat*' says I, ' they do the work that we can |t no one to do but the niggers, over in the States.' ['"How's that,' says he, rather riled, but Ujijng me with the sort of politeness that heans ' you're a vulgar fellow, it's beneath me i notice your impertinence, and I'm not going j dirt my gloves with touching you.'—'How's hat? says he. '"I'll tell you,' says I. " In every department of our establishments in New York there j always a nigger kept jto do the lying. He's ot told that he is expected to lie, but Lor', j, he knows what he's paid for, and his living epends on his ' laying the jam on thick.' And e does lie, like no critter on airth but the [Special Correspondent' of a British journal, y was riled a few, I reckon, but my dander up, and I says: ' Tell you what it is, Dger, I aint a Catholic, but if anything ever de me one, it would be to see how a great ountry like England has fought against the Mhohcs till the Catholics are too many for her, od then she must knock under and make up to be Irish as best she can, in mortal fear of Ire- 1 big-brother,' the American-Irish, who s Catholics to a man. Why can't they leave he Pope alone as we do in America? If his iligiou is the right one, it will make its way in pite of you; anyhow, all the lies they're sendg to England may sell their paper amongst an Dorant bigoted John Bull aristocracy ; cut it ; do a damage to anything but Protestant- Wby, if Protestantism was as true as the el itself, all this lying must sink it. Why, do declar' its fit to fetch the hair off one's . to listen to.' "'And that was all you said, Van., eh?' said ^he Judge. "' Well, no. I' apologised for speaking my lind, and then I took a breather and liquored Inpat the buffet, meaning to make my meaning la little clearer 5 but when I turned round, they •had got away amongst the crowd, and I thought lit would not -be good manners to follow them lnp, 'specially as I had pretty well peppered Ithem already.' "We all agreed that he had peppered them, hough we were not a little - horrified at the (specimen he had given of Yankee self-taught "You must judge if this is too much for your readers.' SCRAPS OF NEWS FROM ROME. " The Fathers of the Council assemble for their usual sittings, at nine o'clock, in the Hall of the Council, after the Mass of the Holy Ghost, proceed to business. On the 14th of December, they made the election of the twentyfour members forming the commission defide, of dogma. "In the congregation of the same morning, a Bull of the Pope making important modifications in ecclesiastical law relating to reserved cases and censures, was distributed to the Fathers «£ the Council. " Much agitation prevails in English and continental lay circles concerning the Council ; within the doors oi the Council Hall reigns the whn of the Holy Ghost,,as we learn from the Bishops, who do not think themselves forbidden by their oath. to. laugh At the stupid inventions of the, non-Catholic .press!. '• In. fact, -.the Slimes' articles cause pb^puts of.laughter.'in.Episcopal circles, and are #ften read as a r^cre^tion after dinner. Public opinion. here is not moved by reports of journals. It knows too well fchat they, are .worth.; Of course, when the doors close the public, remain full of curiosity. The truth is thajt inothing oi importance has as S®t tpken place in the fomucil.. . . .. . "The Fathers,have;^received the rale of life tmnng'the Council,' and'have elected: the judges •nd one commission; • •'••> ' " '• ' " Three morecongregations 'have'since been held for the election of the three other commissions, and soon now the work of tke'Council "illbegin. . • ,, „• ..' • ' "In-the meantime, the • Fathersi.assemble, in toed groups and not nationally, the- Sovereign rontiff having suggested that .the .Bishops cfliall On together and make each other's acquaintance Wtorach-aepossible. «j "— •.< J • Sunday waekvnjatwifchBfcanduig his many •wonrs andihis < having!.assisted at the'Mads eeltbrated at StfPeter!s by,;Cardinal Mathiedj whewwe httdithefeappinessbf seeing him lookup SS* nt ^dirrigiji-ottsvior. two homia; the -Holy «ther.ga waa£enoeto» body of French .Pjfests »no desired toTCtum •to iheit' parishes iforfchfe vanntmoo .. ,, ., .;,„. ,.,. S' ,,,„; ; •After the reception iofthe Priests, Sie Holy Jbather received several Missionary Bishops There were about twenty present, chiefly French, and belonging to different congregations. They ^ere from India, Japan, China, America, and Polynesia. His'HohnesB said a few words to each and enquired of Mgr. Petijean, Bishop of Japan, after those who are even now'suffering captivity and tortures for the Faith. He also showed grfeat interest in the Bishop of Moulierey tn California/ Ohe of these Prelates implored a special Benediction for his aged mother, a humble peasant of Brittany, which was heartily given. Mgr. Faurie, Vicar-Apostolic of Keontcheou, then begged in the name of all, 4 blessing for their families, natural and religious, and the Holy Father then pronounced in Latin a long and eloquent Benediction on the consecrated heads towed before him, after which rising, and again prostrating themselves, they kissed the foot of the Vicar of Christ." THE HOLY FATHER AND TELE JEWS. " The Holy Father has addressed a Brief to the Abbes Limairn, brothers, approving most cordially their work, entitled La Qimtien du Mcssic andle Concile du Vatican. At an audience to which these'learned and pious converts from Judaism were admitted, His Holiness said that their idea corresponded entirely with his own ardent desire for the destruction of the wall of separation between the Jewish and Christian people. He assnred them of his deep interest, and promised much prayer for their nation. "The Patriarch of Jerusalem writes thus to the Abbds Lemann:—'In spite of the little leisure left me on the eve of the Council, I have read your work with deep interest. You have shown truthfully the different phases through which your unhappy nation has passed, in respect to the great event for which it was chosen and preserved by God. Disquietude, the deception of false Messiahs, feverish calculations of the seventy weeks ; then came despair and the Rabbinical Talmudism which endeavoured to stifle the question of the Messiah by encumbering the mind with minute observations which are not of Mosaic command. This Rabbinical Talmudism still rules in the East, and holds in bonds the intellect of those unhappy remains of your nation who are dispersed here and there from Jerusalem to China. In the West it is not so. For half a century rationalism and indifference have invaded the synagogue, and the descendants of the Father of the faithful have become faithless. "You have reason for the conclusion that this last phase, as'it is the most terrible, must be the last; and that having fallen into indifference together with so many Christian nations, the old Israel will with them arise. One of your inspired ancestors has said that nations have been created by God, capable of cure and renovation. On the eve of the Vatican Council, it is well to recollect this. May the God of mercy look in pity on the East and on the West, and remember the poor Jewish people. I never pass the site of the Temple unmoved, and every Friday I observe sad groups of unhappy Jews on that spot, who continue the. tears which have flowed for one thousand eight hundred years. May a ray from Calvary illuminate their eyes heavy with weeping. ' I again thank yon, dear Sirs, ' Yours, affectionately in Jesus Christ, ' J., Patriarch of Jerusalem." " Rome, December 28. CHRI6TMA8 IK ST. TETER'S. " Christmas Day in ordinary times is one of the grandest days of all in the Roman year. Last Friday it began with the first Vespers in S. Peter's, at vrbich the Pope assisted, surrounded by the Cardinals and Fathers ef the Council. " At the midnight Mass I believe the Pope did not assist publicly, but it was celebrated in all the great Churches. " At early dawn the cannon of St. Angelo and the Papal banners floating on its battlements, marked the day of high festival. I said my three Masses very early in a quiet sanctuary, and before 8 o'clock we had secured our places in full view of the High Altar of St. Peter's, when about 9 o'clock, through the great gates which open only for the Pope, we saw the. head of the Procession enter, while the sound of the chant mingled with the cannon and the musical bellB of St. Peter's, announced the advent of the Great High Priest and Chief of Christendom. Then he entered, borne aloft on his throne above the crowd, which was, I think, as large as on the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, when •the Council opened. But the procession was much more impressive, for it made straight for the High Altar, after pausing for a 1 moment for the Pope to descend from his -throne and make his adoration at the Chapel of the Blessed Sacra ment. Then it advanced; all the Bishops wearing their' mitres and the Pope his tiara. After' Tierce was sung, during which the Pope was seated on his throne, the Mass began at the High Altar beneath the dome, celebrated by the Pope in person. At the Elevation, as I knelt with'our dear convert friends around me,' I' believe we all experienced what no words can describe. • There ivery knee was bent, each head was bowed, each niitre lowered to the ground.: It seemed an earthly counterpart of heaven 1 ; as if the Golden Altar 'that is in heaven had -descended 1 oh the earth, and. the ancients that were 1 around the throne were -casting their crowns' down to the ground, leading the worship of a multitude that no man could number, prostrate before the '' Lamb as it was slain " upon tbe'Mystic Altar. It wasno illusiin.but the Great Reality. It feu the worship of heaven indeed : come down upon "iarth: And when the «ilver ! trumpe« sounded louder and louder.'far sweeter, : more plaintive', and more' entrancing than any other sounds of earth* I need not describe what it were an irreverence • to put' into -words, the' sentiments which every devout 'Catholic lias • sometime* 'in his life experienced, when biB SOOl seents to speak ifrom itB'innidst -deptliB'• "Truly Thou art hiddferi'Godi* ' Verily; God itfln thiB ; placemrid I r i o t / I caro factumettutt habilavit in nobis.' 'Behold the Word made Flesh, Who• 'hath taken" ! up Bis' Tabern&cle; i cmobgsttts.*^-"^ .i.'MVK.t .•:' .>•<• i : TBE LAST NEW HAHBB-NEST. "Ifind by experience that as meteorologists are able now to predict storms and thereby save a vast amount of tires and'property, and have thus completely remodelled the insurance tarriffs, -so I am able with equal accuracy to fortell which way the wind will be blowing by the time my letter reaches you, in the columns of the British journals. " I am morally sore that yon will have ' great news' next week in the 4 leading journals.' Yesterday WAS witness to the construction of a signal wore's nest. "There was a discussion in the Council Hall at that day's sitting. " Lou J sonndB of declamation were beard from within the Council Hall, bnt not a word could be distinguished without. This is the one fact known to the outer world, all tbe rest is conjecture. " However, imagination haB completed a most sensational narrative of the occurrence. You will be told all about the subject of dispute ; that it was on the Syllabus or the personnl Infallibility, and that the sounds heard indicated that the party of opposition had broken loose, that party which the British in Rome will have it, is strongly adverse to the Papal policy, and would go all lengths if it dared. Now, they Bay, a stand-up fight may be expected. " I beard it stated by ' eye-witnesses,' that when the sitting of the Council broke up yesterday, and the Bishops filed out of tbe Council Hall, it was plain to be'seen that many were greatly excited. I was there myself, and though 1 admit that several of the Bishops, of whom the majority are Italians, did gesticulate as they walked and talked, I who know Italians well, am accustomed to this; the fact being that this is their ordinary mode of talking ; it comes natural to them even when they are perfectly cool, though an Englishman only gesticulates when he is in a passion. " There are only three ' true facts' in all this fable. " One fact is, that there was a discussion on some subject or other, and as the Council is called together for discussion this is not much to be wondered at. The second fact is, that the discussion was loud, nor is this wonderful either, since no one can be heard in the Council Hali unless be speaks loud, and if he does, the echoes of his voice, but no articulate sounds, can be heard in tbe Church without. " The third fact is, that no one as yet knows what was the matter of discussion, or who was one side or the other. " Amongst the speakers, it is known, were Cardinal Rauscher, Archbishop of Vienna, several French and Italian Bishops, and two of our American Prelates, namely, Archbishop Kenrick, of St. Louis, and Archbishop Connolly, of Halifax. It is said that the subject of discussion was on tbe condemnations in the Syllabus of modern Rationalism, and if so, it is quite certain that there was no opposition from any of the speakers as to the terms in which Rationalism has heen condemned by the Pope. "But the English papers will amuse their readers with their last new fable, until they have to write next week, as they have already done several times before, to eat their own words, and in the next paragraph to start some equally wellfounded canard which will please their readers quite as well, till this in turn gives way to something newer and equally sensational. " Rome, December 31, 1869. NEW TEAR'S GREETINGS, " Anno Domini 1870 will be a year memorable as marking an era: I say this especially in reference to the probable conclusion of the Council, if indeed we can predicate probability in a human eventuality which does not spring from a human motive cause. If tbe Council should this year finish its labours and give to Christendom the new code of laws by which the consciences of tbe faithful will be bound to the end of time, it can hardly be a less memorable year than that which saw the conclusion of the Council of Trent —the year of Grace 1564. " You know I cherish the most hopeful view of the future of my own country. I believe that in America the Ark of God has really passed through t'le forty years' journeying through the desert. That the Council will actually be to us like the passage of Jordan—a supernatural baptism, a complete renovation of spirit, and that our Bishops, and the whole clergy and people will feel its vivifying effect, is my confident prediction. I calculate it will put us Catholics on our metal, and it will sound us to see what metal we are of ; it will purge away the dross and get rid of tbe rubbish and bring out the fine gold and make it shine fit for the walls, pillars, pavement, and roof of the Mystic Temple of God. "The Council will be a two-edged sword throughout Christendom, piercing to tbe dividing of soul and spirit,'of the animal and spiritual man within us. Like that sword which pierced the Heart of the Immaculate Mother of Sorrow, so will it pierce the heart of our Divine Mother the Church ; whereby the thoughts of many hearts shall be revealed. It will be a great sign —a sign that shall be spoken against; a stumbling-block to many by which they shall fall. A. sign, however,set by God 'for the fall and rising again of many in Israel.' . , .: "What I look for as the great work of the Council, is the renovatilfn of Christian life in the children of the Church. This is all that is wanted for the conversion bf the world, and if the Great Coiincil of the Vatican does as much as the Council ol Trent did in its day, it will effect this. : f! The unity oi Christendom will be restored, Whenever, 1 and not before, it can be ' said of Catholics as a body, ' See how these Christians love one another.' ' See by their fruits (that He whose name is love, is with them, and that they breiathe of His Spirit.' " 7 " Borne, January 4, 1870. 1 (!; THE EKGtlSH PRESS AMO THE COVVCIX.. If After the ! High'Mass of Christmas-day, Cardinal .Patrizzi presented to his Holiness, in the thbwame of the Sacred College of Cardinals and Bichdpis,'i!an'address of .congratulation on,'the gseat festival. To this his.Holiness replied with muchsfervonr. He thanked' the Fathers for the assurance of their loyalty and devotion at thla moment, when the Feast of the Nativity of their Divine Master found him surrounded by his brethren the Bishops of the Catholic Chnrch assembled in Council. The solemn festival reminded them all, but most of all himself, tbe last and least, the Servant of the Servants of God, of the humility that befitted them all, in the high station to which they had been called by God. It reminded them that their whole strength rested on Qim who promised to be with them to the end. ' I know,' said the Pope, '• my own unworthiness, my own ignorance, my own miseries •—but I know that I am Vicar of Him, Who is God Himself, and that His word is pledged to uphold me.' Lifting up his eyes and hands to heaven, he faid, with the utmost solemnity and fervour, the first verse of the hymn of the Holy Ghost in the Mass of Pentecost. "He continued, saying that his confidence rested also on the prayers of the many millions of devout souls which, throughout the whole world, were being offered up for the deliberations of the Council—the means by which they were to secure its success were humility and charity — the means by which our Lord and Master triumphed over His enemies. This would lead to perfect unanimity according to the words of our Lord's divine prayer—'that those who believed in Him might be one, as He was one with the Father.' " I told you last week that on the 28th was held the first General Congregation, at which there was a discussion. It was concerning this discussion that I warned you tbe English papers had got hold of some wonderful 'new6,'—how wonderful and trustworthy you may judge from the fact that I, who am aAauuh in tlie way of hearing what can be known bb any one outside the Council, cannot tell you what was the matter discussed in the Congregation of the 28tli, still less what the speakers said pro and con. " The day before my last letter (30th December) there was' a second discussion, and by this time I am able to give you the reports concerning it, which are flying about in English and American circles. No one knows as yet, not even the best-informed correspondents of Catholic papers, such as the Monde and Univers, what were the subjects of discussion on either of these occasions ; but our British correspondent is never at a loss for facts, and if they are not to be had he must make them. Traditional prejudice and a predetermination to make out a case, furnish the raw material—imagination, and scudi do the rest—and 60 such facts are made as fill your journals, and give the writer occasion to fill the same culumns later with the contradiction. In fact, they remind one of the experienced ratcatcher who, after clearing a house of rats at so much per head, always takes care to turn out a few likely ones to keep up the breed. " After having described the preparations and the ceremonies, and a few of the more important documents, there is really very little to leport that is worth writing, because so little is really known. As for fauts, you may pump till the well is dry, and then what is to be done ? There is nothing for it, unless like ' our Specials,' you turn ou fiction, of which, though not wholesome drinking, there iB plenty. Now, I only bargained with you for facts, and I find that to-day I have nothing to report but other people's fictions. " Returning by the Pincian to-day, we looked in at the news-room, where we soon found ourselves, newspaper in hand, in close proximity to one or two groups of English and American talkers or listeners, the topic of conversation being the last meeting of tbe Bishops, and the English mostly doiug the talking : for our Americans are either profoundly indifferent to all these Church questions, and think the genuine English Protestant the greatest bore in life, or, if they take an interest in the Council and in Catholic affairs generally, ten to one they are immensely impressed by the majesty of the Church as represented in the Council, and think the Jesuits, who are the b£le noires of the English Protestants, the finest fellows on earth. For instance, take our friend Van., and others to whom I have introduced you—only put the Church fairly before thein, and if tbe flesh and the devil do not keep them back, they have no worldly ties or engrained prejudice, like the English, to prevent them entering. The Americans are shrewd, but so are the English, on every subject but religion ; on that the English are like no people I know of but the JewB, who have had their eyes bandaged by prejudice for centuries. However, I see a great change in the English mind since I knew tbem in Rome twelve years ago. The children of the men I knew are here now, and they are much more like our American youth as to prejudice ; they are all either half Catholics or half infidels," THE POPE'S INERRANCY WHEN SPEAKING ' EX- CATHEDRA.' " With regard to tbe definition of the Pope's infallibility, my impression is, that something will be defined before tbe Council separates ; but of course one's impressions may be all wrong, on a matter which all Catholics believe depends on the action of God the Holy Ghost in the actual decision. Whatever may be the discussions or dispositions of minds beforehand, we cannot thence argue with any certainty what form the decision may take. " Still my impression is that, in all probability, a dogmatic decree of some sort will be promul: gated on the nature of a Papal definition, excathedra. " My reasons for this are drawn from tbe following facts :— " Though not included in tbe programme of the Council, as far as one can make out, the minds of all members of the Council are fully occupied with the importance of the question. They know that tbe minds of tbe. faithful are intensely directed to the same question; tha| many are agitated and disturbed,.uncertain-what they ought to believe. Hence it would seem that a decision is urgently called for. • '1. •:< uu '-vi " I incline to think ibat if anyldecree ifmade it will not go further than to define that the -Pppp is infallible whenever he tefkehea tbe Oh»rcfe what is the true aengerof .the £epo»ti0l To this ! beliere an, overwhelming, majority.^ the Bishops would Assent, those even who deem that the sensus ecclesiee is already sufficiently dear, and that no new definition is called for and that the times are inopportune for promul-> gating a new definition on the subject. Some •ay that it is not improbable that the decree of the Council of Florence will be reaffirmed, which teaches that the Pope it not only the successor of Peter and the Vicar of Christ, but that he is toy the same divine appointment the Teacher of the whole Church, for, if so, the Churches teaching belongs eminently to him, and the promise of Christ is with him whenever he teaches all nations, addressing himself to the whole Church, and when he strengthens his brethren his faith fails not." Rome, January 5, 1870. THE SESSION ON THE FEAST OP EPIPHANT. " It was a caution to see the faces of the English in St. Peter's to-day. It had got wind, through the intervention probably of some Kouan wag, that the Pope would certainly make a decree ex cathedra on the Feast of the Epiphany. The doors of the Council Hall were thrown open and the English were all on the tip-toe of expectation, waiting for the Pope to decree his own personal infallibility, or the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin—of her divinity—for it would be much |the same to many of them. But they were doomed to bitter disappointment, for the only business done was the profession of faith by all the Bishops, according to the formula called the Creed of Pope Pius. This is part of the prescribed solemnity ef a Synod and was only dispensed with on the day when the Council opened on account of the length of the ceremonial." ® " Rome, January 13. BOVAN NEWS. "My last letter was on the Feast of the Epiphany, but I had only time to write a few hurried lines to say that all the fussy reports which, no doubt, have readied you ere this in the English journals, that some important definition was to be made on the Feast, were pure myths." "Monsignor Strossmayer spoke with great eloquence, but it does not appear that he made any reference, as was reported, to the Jesuits in his discourse. He was corrected on a point of order by the Cardinal President, and submitted with respectful deference. So much for the wonderful myth which I referred to last week. Mgr. Strossmayer is reported to have said, ' I came to the Council with some misgivings that we should not find ourselves free to express our sentiments, nor individual Bishops be able to make their influence felt. But I am already astonished to find how complete is the liberty of discussion. The Council is n spectacle which fills my soul with admiration.'" "A saying is reported of the Pope, (which may, or may not be his, so many things are attributed to him which he neves uttered),' In a Council there are three periods. The first is that of the devil, which is short. The second is the human period, which is of longer or shorter duration, as the case may be. The last is the period of the Holy GhoBt, Who always has the last word, and so brings the matter to a grand conclusion.' We think we have heard the same said of the Conclave for the election of the Pope." " The second 'general sitting of the Council was held as I have said, on the Epiphany. It was presided over by the Pope, and as at the first sitting, the Blessed Sacrament was exposed upon the Altar of the Confession. At the entrance of the Basilica the Bishops took off their mitres, and the Pope descending from the Sedia, advanced bareheaded with a firm step and a look of recollected majesty, and having adored the Blessed Sacrament, took his place on the throne at the end of the Council Hall. The tribunes were filled, and we observed in the royal tribune their Majesties the Empress Elizabeth and King Francis II., with all the princes and princesses who are now in Rome." " After the Mass celebrated by Cardinal Patrizzi, the Profession of Faith of Pius IV. was read, and all the Fathers came—first, one by one, then two by two, then four by four, to kneel at the foot of the throne and repeat the form of adhesion. This ceremony, which occupied a considerable time, being over, the Pope gave his blessing, and the Te Deum was chanted." , " The crowd on this occasion was very great. It was a sight never to get weary of gazing on. I have Been pilgrims remain standing for four or five hours immovable in front of the Council Hall, with their eyes fixed on the august assembly, and when the voice of the .Pope was heard in the versicles and prayers required by the ceremonial, the low murmur which had before pervaded the assembled multitude, was succeeded by a profound silence." " A memcir for the definition of the Infallibility has been prepared, signed by several Fathers and placed in the hands of many of them. The memoir is close and concise. It concludes with ithis form : Supremns Pastor ideoque ab omni errore immunis." "It is said that a counter memorial will be placed before the Fathers." " Reports about the Council are current, but there it no guarantee for their truth. Secrecy is observed, and the little which transpires is of no importance. The speakers are ntuned ; few of the speeches have been long ; all have been clear; the alterations made in the Ball render it more easy to hear what is said ; the different modes of pronouncing the Latin do not prove so great an obstacle as was apprehended ; there is great and silent attention. This is all that can be gathered to satisfy public curiosity." " It iB generally said that there is not much opportunity for the exercise of oratorical powers. Exordiums and details are cut short, and the Fathers proceed at once to facte,'nor are many discourses to the same purpose on one subject judged needful. The speakers most in favour are those whose exposition of the matter in band Is clear, and their solution precise, it < oonld hardly be otherwise in so learned and disinter, ested an assembly." • "As anything like precipitancy is opposed fo the .spirit of the Church, and as the questionsto be be resolved by the Council are very numerous and delicate, die general opinion is that the Council may probably be prolonged beyond the comparatively short term which was reckoned on in the first instance." " Amongst the Bishops who suffer most inconvenience, are those who have refused the hospitality offered them by the Pope through fear of becoming a burden on bis treasury. It is an edifying'but affecting sight to see these venerable men in ill-closed carriages, or more often on foot, making their way through the rain to the distant Vatican." "I met one a few days since, who having neither secretary nor servant, was himself carrying bis Church vestments wrapped in a cloth. In announcing the subscription lately, we remarked : 4 These are the poor who reform the constitution of the human race.' The streets of Rome show this very evidently, and though a beautiful sight, the heart is yet pained by it. The Council, amongst other things which it sets forth, is an exhibition and a school of self-denial on the part of our Holy Fathers in Christ. The Bishops are serving an apprenticeship to exile and poverty, and those who see them, learn something still better ; they learn courage and charity." " As to the differences which are said to have arisen between certain Bishops regarding the elections and certain details, this is all the better, for it proves the liberty of the Council. The Council. The discussions have been merely on details, and in no manner bearing on any point of doctrine whatever." " On entering the Council Hall, lately, each Father received the following notice bordered with black :—' On the30tli December, 1869, died the Most Illustrious and Reverend Lord, Bernardine Frascola, Bishop of Fodca, who during his life had suffered imprisonment and all sorts of tribulations, for the glory of God. His Eminence Cardinal Riario Sforza, Archbishop of Naples, asks the prayers of all their Lordships the Archbishops and Bishops for the Tepoae of the Bishop deceased.'" " DoeB not this short funeral oration recall to our rainds the simple and sublime inscriptions of the early ages upon the tombs of the martyrs ? ' In life he suffered imprisonment and all kinds of tribulation for the glory of God.'" 480 BISHOPS have signed the address to his Holiness, praying for the definition of Infallibility. It is, however, considered certain that the Pope will not accede to 'the request unless this number is very largely increased. A CHARACTERISTIC mot is told of the Pope. A French lady who had been favoured with an audience, being very nervous at being in so august a presence, found great difficulty in extricating her face from the mazes of her lace veil, which had perversely disarranged itself just as the Holy Father was about to speak to her. " Soyez iranquille, ma fille," said his Holiness, seeing her embarrassment, " my blessing will penetrate your veil," NONE of the evils anticipated from the different pronunciations of the Latin have arisen. Already Fathers from different countries, delivered most eloquent orations, and have been well understood. " The elegance and richness of expression to which I have listened," said a prelate the other day, " though in the medium of a dead language, would claim a high place for some of the speeches among those of any European DURING the solemn ceremony of the profession of faith, which took place on the 6th, Mgr. Allou, Bishop of Meaux, fainted in his seat. Medical assistance was quickly obtained, but the Bishop on recovering his senses, refused to quit the Council until he had made his profession of faith—an act which excited the admiration of the assembly. THB Holy Father, speaking to the Bishop of Hebron, Mgr. Mermillod, of St. Peter's power of striking dead those who lied to him, said the other day: "It is fortunate for the rulers of this world that his successor has not the same power, as otherwise I should have around me a whole cemetery of kings and diplomatists." MGR. STROBSMATER, whose extraordinary eloquence was heard with admiration by the Fathers, made the following remark to one of the Bishops: " I came to the Council with certain misgivings, fearing that we should not have full liberty, nor be able to make our influence felt. But in truth I am filled with admiration. Our freedom is complete, and the discussion unrestrained. The Council is a spectacle which I behold with delight." A MEDAL in honour of the Council, designed by the celebrated engraver, Charles Voigt, of Munich, has been presented by the latter to the Pope. On one side is a portrait of the Sovereign Pontiff, with this inscription: Pius IX. P.M. Concil. (Ecumen. Vat. Inchoans. On the other , the Mother of God, with this legend. Sub tuum presidium. It is said to be admirable as a work of art. THE French Bishops have carried to the Holy Father, as offerings from their flocks, nearly half a million francs. The Bishop of Metz presented to bis Holiness, in the name of the Convent of the Sacred Heart in his diocese, a magnificent gold pen, on which the Pontifical Arms were engraved. "Ah !" said the Pope," this is the pen with which I am to sign the Acts of the Council." The Bishop here touched a spring, and drew out from the pen a note for a thousand francs. " I understand," said the Holy Father, " this is to buy paper and ink ; they were determined that nothing should be wanting." THE Romans say that Cardinals always die in pairs. Cardinals Reisach and Pentini have died since the opening of the Council. CARDINAL J»B ANGELIS is the successor of Cardinal Reisach. THE Romans are fond of fun, and too much given to practical jokes. The authors of some of the most sensational anecdotes that have appeared in the English press relate, in Roman salons, amid shouts of laughter, how they have just despatched "Our Own Correspondent" to his lodgings with a fresh budget, of impossible absurdities, which the poor man will 'spend half the night in working up into an authentic narrative for the delectation of British readers. 