LOCAL AND GENE R AL. TIIE LATE REV. FATHER DUIGAN. As stnteu in our lust issue, services in com memoration of tho death of t lio lato Rev. Father Dnigan were held in St. Augustine's Church, Ynss, on Wednesday last. The following is tho address doliveicd by tho Rev. rather Dillon, of Sydney, 011 tho occasion : — " Consummatus in brcvi exjtlcvit tempora multa." "Being nixHz perk'., in a short spv.v ho/u'-Jilled n long time." — Wisdom, chap iv., v. id. It falls, my brethren, to iny sorrowful lot to lead yon in tho consideration this day's solemn coromony must dispose yon, lint- too well, to mako. Would that some other of my brethren within tho sanctuary were chosen for tho task, which, oven now, at. the very commencement, I feel, from the saddening influences surrounding, almost linahlo to discharge. Hero, indeed, I dotermined to be, but only as a silent partaker in this solemn tribuiu of religious duty and respect for tho dead: nnd nothing savo tho anxious solicitation of one united with mo in tho sumo bond of brotherhood as was your departed pastor ;"'jind the superadded wish of another, whoso groat services in tho cause of religion — services known so well to you, not to speak of his prosent high and merited position — must give to his wish all tho inlluonco of a command, for ovory sincere Catholic in these colonies, could induce 1110 to undertake tho task. Fur. alas ! that sorrow you so feelingly exhibit is my sorrow. Your loss is my loss, and tho duty you assemble, in such numbers, to discharge, is for | 1110 a duty also. It is a duty demanded by a friendship begun almost with boyhood, con tinued throughout tho length of college years, mado 0110 by choice and destiny hero at tho ends of tho earth, cemented by every tie similar desires and aspirations in God could fortify, and, as I thought — how vain is every human calculation — to bo continued longer. I had thought, a few short months ago, to luivo visited hero under circumstances of a far different nature. I had thought to have wit nessed what has been done for God's glory by tho truly Catholic congregations settled in those districts, whose faith, springing from that perennial fountain of the faith of this and many another land, and strengthened hy tho exertions of so many saintly missionaries in succession, is spoken of far and near. I had thought to have seen warm in life him whom I am come to mourn dead. 1 had hoped to have listened in this temple of God to those accents of fervour and devotion onco so familiar to 1110 — now stilled foTTver. I hnd hoped to have soon ministering at that altar tho form of him, for whom it now sorrows, shrouded in tho dark drapery ofatllic- tion. I had thought to. have heard from earnest lips the wishes of tho anxious missionary heart — nnxious, overanxious, I will oven say too anxious, for tho flock committed to his keeping. And now — 0 God of majesty and morcv, bo thy will ever done! — all that I find of tho companion of my youth and tho slmrer of those blessed years of my preparation for the priesthood, is that solitary mound without, whoro in sorrow you have laid him. My brethren, I cannot help, with you, being perhaps too human ; but let us remember that tho God of our adoration is human as well as divine — that tho Son of tho Eternal is tho Son of tho Virgin, tho Mother of Sorrows — that Josus had a heart of flesh, and wept, mourned for tho women of Jerusalem, wept for the city of David his father, wept even for Lazarus saved but dead. The brethren of llim, like unto us in all things savo in sin, wo too may surely mourn for tho inevitable, and, standing by tho grave roady to receive us, sorrow for tiioso it has already taken away. But whilo in the midst of such sorrow let us romombor there is for us a consolation and a duty. Death is for all, but our God hath conquered it, and our Christian hope is strong in tho splendor of tho resurrection. Our duty is now to render tribute to the mnjesrv of Christian death, which, blessed bo God ! cries out to-day in tho triumph of Christ crucified, " 0 death, whoro is thy sting." as it transfers tho object of our life-lovo to tho regions of im mortality. And rising, stil! higher, above every human consideration, I will say it is a duty demanding from you and me, and from all who have witnessed it, tho rendering to religion nnother triumph, for he whom wo mourn has died in its sacred service. Soldier of the Cross, his post has not been deserted ! Leader of tho people 9f the Lord, ho has shown them to tho very threshold tho bright portals of heaven ! Driest of the living God, ho has refused 110 sacrifico — no, not that of life itself — to tho honour of his Maker! Pastor of tho fold, I10 has proved that neither cold, nor rain, nor labour, nor the rending pains of a broken, diseased body, could damp the ardour of the spirit within or stitlo tho sense of duty when commanded, after tho example of his Master, to lay down his very life for his sheep ! Consuinrnalns in hrci — worn out, consumed, perfected as became him, in tho noblest cause ever given by God to man to sustain, his death has been in every sense a glory — a glory to the ministry he ennobled — a glory to his soul with God — a loss and a calamity to tho-o alone who, as wo to-day, arc left still standing on tho brow of that precipice border ing the gulf over which hollas passed in safety and in triumph, leaving to us tho brightness of an example which for many a year will shino as a beacon-light: to guide us and others over the dark uncertain ocean pfTife to the blessed rest of eternity. In this light alone, my brethren, we are justified in receiving the death of your beloved pastor. And if, despite the efforts you make, human feeling and human reason may be disposed to bo rebellious or question thu holy will of our most merciful God, we have from tho Holy Ghost himself a glorious answer. Why, ,ve uro tempted to ask, was one so good, so young, so unselfish, apparently so useful, taken, and the less perfect left J Hut tho answer is found in tho context of tho words 1 have chosen for my text : "Tho just man," says the Hook of Wisdom, " if I10 bo taken by death .shall be at rest, for venerable old age is not that of long timo nor counted by the number of years, but the understanding of a man is grey hairs, and a spotless life is old age." He pleased God nnd was beloved, and being among sinners he was translated. " Being mado perfect, in a short space he fulfilled a long time." To reason upon this with you, dear brothron, would l.e an injury to its applicability to the death we commemorate. It is its simple and most beautiful history, it is mado still more applicable furlhor on, whore it says — "The Lord led the just man by straight paths and showed him tho kingdom of God, and gave him knowledge of holy things, and mado him honourable in labours and perfected his labours." If we search the life and in the death of tho departed minister of God's altar wo shall find this reproduced — God always directing him by straight and most holy paths — tho paths of his forefathers in tho fai'h for centuries. Tho Lord continually stretching before him the glorious vision of the kingdom destined for him and to which lio was to load many others. The Lord making him honourable in the .supernatural word of ministry ; filially, tho Lord perfecting him in a short space, and so causing him to fulfil many days, and translating him from tho midst of us sinners to tho everlasting rest and happi ness of the just. Our consideration of this will bo for us tho last, and 1 trust the permanent fruit of his labours —the preaching of his life and death — which shall continue to ho preached to us from his early grave. Individual as he was, he was yet a type, and no unworthy 0110, of a great and wonderful class : and in his death hero at the anti podes, many thoughts of faith and fatherland find utterance. A fallen leader in that advancing and victorious army which, issuing fiom tho far-oil' island of his nativity — tho island of saints and s'ages — has already won for tho successor of the Fisherman, in these modern days, a now empire, and which proves in its way the truth of the faith founded in tho Fisherman by showing in tho martyr trophies of its entire people that the gates ol noli cannot prevail against it; ; Ins death brings to our recollection what millions of his race are doing in almost half tho universe. And many tin unthought-of glory of that cross, which no nation hold aloft in calm or storm with more fidelity than Ireland, must necessarily bo unfolded as wo contemplate that life of which it is our ehiof duty, now, to perpetuate tho remem brance. Tho Reverend Richard Joseph Dnigan, your departed pastor, was born in .Heath, in Mullin- gar, almost in tho very ccntro of his native island; and around him, from infancy, were spread those hallowed associations inseparable from every homo such as his in Ireland. — His family wero such a family us form tho highest which tho persecutions of three centuries per mits at present amongst the Irish Catholic, raco, ami which, even yet, have regained little of the lost lands of their ancestry, but are usually found in professional or commercial or farming avoca tions. High intelligence, firmest "piety, and patriotic attachment to their country are amongst their usual characteristics, at least when 110 defiling inlluonco is fonnd to tarnish that high sense of honour and duty, over one of their lead ing features. No matter what position worldly success may give such families, tho Church and religion are always sure to find most fervent votaries among their most promising members, and it not nnfroqiiently happens that tho moro tender tho retiring and tho higher tho position, tho moro arduous the position in God's Church they chose. No wonder, fur in such Irish families everything tends to cause the opening infant miiui to expand and settle upon God. Tho mother's love, over anxiously careful that no intlueneo other than that of religion should ap proach her child, ever-ruvorent ly fearful lest any names save those of Jesus and" .Mary should be found in greater honour upon tho lips or in the i heart of her child. The fervour of faith ami of j family devotion— tho continued superiority of ! tho things of heaven above the things of earth manifested in all the surroundings — lite feast and the fast— the constantly recurring season of penance and season of rejoicing, moulds him insensibly until ho comos in riper years to see and think abroad and grow stili stronger in tho faith within him. Tho sacraments and teach ing of tho Church, thu conversation of tho ministers of tho sanctuary, makes this perfect; and, above all, the example, tho rich recollections and associations of faith in tho country till around him, coming upon such an education, is sure to work in any generous soul that heroism which works, in so many lands, tho miracle of tho Irish faith. Of such kind were tho opening years of Father Dnigan ; and looking upon nis early grave this morning canto up to mo from years gone bye tho recollections of the effects of such training upon him, and upon many another such generous nature, it happened to bo my privilege to know. Upon few could the influence work more advantageously. Looking from his homo in Mouth ho could seo tho hill upon which tho Apostle of his country confronted tho Ardrigh of Erin and lit that paschal fire which no power of earth or hell Lias since been able to extinguish, and where was everlastingly symbolised the union of Irish faith and nationality in tho emblem of tho most exalted of Christian mysteries. And from that ancient mound, whithersoever tho youthful eye might turn, east, west, north, or south — everywhere could be seen generations of monuments of Irish faith, fervour, and endurance. The tall towers pointing heaven wards and recalling tho early days when his nativo laud, like to that "sheet of living Ihitno, ns it was visioncd to St. Patrick, was wrapped from centre, to sea in tho absolute love and service of God. Then tho crumbling ruins of ancient fanes, scattered with . strange profusion withersoever ho may fiend his steps, would toll of tho depart oil majesty of his religion in another era, whilo tho broken" tomb stones among the rank verdure of tho once well- trodden aisles of such ancient sanctuaries would remind him of tho line of generations, each in a different way telling of the glory or the heroism of its fervent faith. Tho dismantled keeps, still grand in their calm majestic decay, would speak to him of the sufferings, tho chivalry— it may bo tho martyrdom — of his princely ancestors, butchered or banished by some Mountjov, Cooto, or Cromwell for attachment unaltered nnd un alterable to the religion which had been tho giorv of their noble houses for over a thousand vears. The sacred island— the holy well— tho waysido graveyard — tho humble temple filled each" Sabbath to overflowing with earnest worshippers —tho talcs of simplo faith narrating real miracles — the reminiscences of but a recent past, full of thrilling recollections fur tho living— thu "mass rock," shown by sottto grey-head patriarch who, when a boy, ho watched for tho appoar- attco of tho penal law minion, while some de parted priest (tho ashes from whose gravo is now reverently taken and replaced — by a faith telling its miracles) offered up itt the sharp wintry wind tho holy sacrifice of Calvary — the gate of tho county town on which thu head of that; priest was impaled, when at length it pleased God to elevate the confessor into tho martyr. I11 fact, wherever his youthful gaze could settle, whatever mot- him in any part of holy Ireland— its mountains, its valleys, its rivers, its islands, its cities, its sea shores—breathed out religion in some of its glorious aspects in times gone bye. That faith of the past ho also sees reproduced itt tho present, and in Ireland he cannot live without being ex posed to its mighty (tower, which made a per secutor who, to please his employers, had employ ed all the malice and subtlety of a demon in vain, say that tho " very soil and air in Ireland breathed Popery." Ho sees it- in tho heroism of that Christian Irish mother who kneels upon the cohl drenched highway and pours out a fervent prayer for Heaven to stay tho anger of her hus band, maddened tit seeing his offspring expiring for want of coarsest food and shelter, while tho ruof-lroe t hat covered his fathers for generations, and protected his own and his children's infancy, falls beneath tho heartless edict pronouncing banishment or slow starvation upon him and his. I lo could seo it in the triumph of religion over that variety of charity which with diabolical ingonuity and malice could oiler to hunger the tnoihis of escaping its pangs — tho means even of life in com fort — on condition of some single act uf apostacy ; and he could know of thousands of martyrs now in heaven who rejected tho miserable bribe and died bearing in paticnco the want that slowly destroyed the vital priuciplo within them. Everywhere in that holy land tho young mind of the future missionary becomes moro and more imbued with tho principles of that faith which Providonco destines him to carry in after years to far oil' lands. If zeal should be wanting to stimulato to lovo and endurance, everywhere embodied about him, neither does this fail him. He sees it wherever his eye may rest upon tho new monuments of his nation's awakening from the apparent death of throe centuries, lie sees it made in conquest of that State religion — lit creation of depraved human (tower — and his young heart is gladdened as ho beholds her rising in victory over tho dead body of hor rival, killed by its creator, the Parliament Of England — yes, even in a grandness greater than the lirst ho be held arising, all tho institutions of his religion — churches, colleges, schools, convents, hospitals, and orphanages. Ho sees it rojccling tho tainted ollbring of power, and building for itself a wholesotno system of education, em bracing till from the very lowest to the highest, culminating oven in a university. Added to all this ho beholds tho same spirit that glorified his race in ages gone by — still living — as Ireland in all hor temporal calamities is not satislied with assisting religion in herself only, but comes to the rescuoof her own children 'and others in far distant lands, in, I may now say, half the universe. A warning of this kind cannot bo without its effect, nor was it, my brethren, with your devoted pastor. The call of God came to him in childhood, and tho dawning tastes of infancy told a mother's keen perceptions that her boy was destined for the sanctuary. I will not say that his desires were thwarted. It is tho joy of evorv Irish mother — tho greatest happiness she can die possessing— to have a child amongst the ministers of heaven — to have her eyes closed in death by consecrated hands sho well knows will not fail to oll'or up for hor soul the mighty sacrifico of Calvary. Hut then, itt time it became evident that not only did he aspiro to tho priesthood, but that all his thoughts wero turned to watds the depart in g foot st ops of It is con 11- trytneu, and that the Almighty not only needed him for tho sanctuary, but destined hint for tho apostleship of his race and nation. Hero was tho dilliculty. So long as tho young Samuel could be seen in tho tomplo of God, clothed in the cphod with tho llelis so much in veneration, few Irish families would oll'or opposition. Hut to go far from them and to go for ever — to lake from his friends tho consolation, tho honour of his presence the beuelit of his advice — that, indeed, was another question, and here I will not wait to dilate upon all tho fond alluring arguments llesh and blood will employ to win tho futuro mission ary from his choice. Father Dnigan conquered them all, and whilo thoughts of his future labours yet occupied his boyish mind, an event of groat consequence to his country and for Ireland took place. This was tho foundation of tho now cele brated Irish college of All Hallows — tho wonder ful work, under God, of a young priest of Moalli, named John Hand, who alone, and at first, un aided, conceived the idea of again recalling thu ancient glories of his fatherland by the establishment of an institution wholly destined i to supply tho wants of foreign countries, but 1 moro especially those whore tho millions of Irish 1 exiles wero now to bo found. Ireland at this I liino was scarcely more than just recovered from j the thraldom ofthreo centuries, and was every where striving with giant strides to build tip j tho ruins of her ancient temples nnd. to supply j most necessary wants. Nevertheless, the daunt- ; less matt persevered, strong in his faith in tho ; zeal and tho generosity of his countrymen. I3v i degrees Providence gavo him friends. Tho i illustrious Daniel G'Connell warmed to the j enterprise. Holy priests surrounded him, two of whom are now eminent prelates, and one, his successor in tho presidency of tho college, perhaps at present the most remarkable of tho priesthood of his country, as the perfector to success of that wonderful work of' our Irish cardinal, the Catholic University of Ireland. I allude to Monsignor Woodloek, now rector of that 1 rislt Cat hoi ic University, under whose presidency at All Hallows Father Dnigan commenced that preparation for , the apostleship which has been expiated in your midst. With in tho holy walls of that sacred in stitution, whoso alumni aro already spread itt hundreds over every English-speaking land, 11 glury to Ireland, it was my privilego to know him, and now standing near his early grave truth compels 1110 to pay the trilmto duo to liis many virtues and vnried qualifications. I fonnd him exactly such as one of tho rearing glanced tit ought to be — generous, patriotic, devoted, and holy. The remembrance of his devotion is fresh in my memory as though it were of yesterday — his reverence and lovo for tho most holy sacra ment, of which in time ho had been destined to be the conservator, tho guardian, tho dispenser — his fervour in all the duties of religion, which in after yours ho had to teach others. What I noticed, above all, was his ardent devotion to tho Virgin Mother of God. which it is such a conso lation for tno now to know ho never failed to exalt nnd extend in every sphere of his influence. Alas I long should I detain you with the future of what I knew hint to be. of his purity of mind, of his utter unselfishness of purpose, of his ardent zeal, did I not know that the virtues of the student wero perfected in tho priest, and that you yourselves can think of him to even a greater extent than I can speak. 80 I found him in the seminary, so ho remained during tho years of our preparation, so still I left him when tho voice of obedienco called mo to commence before him that mission he has ended in such triumph before me. And what shall 1 say of that mission — tho mission of the priest of God. following the tracks of his countrymen so widely scattered over this and all tho new lands of their adoption. What shall I say of tho youthful, generous, holy soul, such as his. such as thousands of others, who bravo all perils and renounce all human joys in the service of their Creator, and for tho sole benefit of their kind. When tho blast of calumny reaches such men— TwhetVthc howl of tho political charlatan Jjjarised in sheer, or scot!', or insult against thorn, and all the filthy prurience of tho mind and tongue of those whoso life history is one continued story of baseness, debauchery, venalitv, and treachery is launched — I blush tosay with ac ceptation from that multitude to whom anything 1 defaming thoroligion of the Crucified is acceptable — against litem, it is suroly in season on a day liko this to moot it, above all when we recollect that ho who itow rests from his labours in tho bosom of eternity had some share in the obliquity cast j upon tho just.' 1 mention to his honour that lie 1 had a sharo in such obliquy, for being singled out for tho envenomed shafts of t ! to had is a sure sign that I10 was faithful to the cause they hated, and that ho had (tower for its defence which they feared. Moreover, that tho world should halo 1 the ministers of Christ is the sign given by God I himself of their fidelity. "If,"' said He, 'tho j world hato you, know that it hath haled 1110 j hclnru you ; if you wero of the world, tho world | loves its own, but because you arc not of ; tho world, but I lmvo chosen you out of j tho world, therefore tho world huteth you." ! And again, " Remember my word which I ! have spoken to you, tho servant is not greater than tho master. If they lttivo persecuted 111c, so shall lltoy persecute you." So it is, and ; was. and shall ho to the end of time — so tntiM it j ho verified in every ago and in every individual I minister of God. and precisely as tho world hates | and abuses and persecutes, so do wo invariably ; llnd tho apostle of tho Crucified faithful and ! sanctiliod and powerful in his Master's cause. I Hut. as Christ again says — OJio, ha'jucrv.nt etc I grab's — tlicy hath hated tno without cause — so it . is with tho disciples. Look at tho fact as j exemplified in tho priestly lifo of him whoso i death wo commemorate, and such as ho was. j And search the wido world, gaze upon the most j gilded annuls of its children's greatness, and Had i if you can a singfo instanco — j will not say of 0110 | able to cqtt ;! "nf canonised ministers, whoso j virtue is pnni oil by tho infallible voice of tho ! Supremo Ponii.f to bo heroic — but ovon 0110 in- I stance to equal the sacrifice, tho devotion, tho true j greatness of soul to bo found in multitudes of 1 llio devoted missionaries of Ireland, who, leaving i home, country, friends, and ovory worldly pro spect to devoto themselves to the obscure painful life and lonely death so certain to ho their only earthly portion. Superadding to the strictness of sacrcdotal sacrifico and to the perfection com mon to all who enter tho Catholic priesthood in otlior lands, the missionary hero exposes himself to other dangers. As I once heard that groat Irish missionary, the illustriuus Cardinal 'Wise man, who did so much to spread religion in Eng land, observe, in speaking to tho students of All Hallows, they encountered tho dangers of even tho want of tho necessaries of lifo" itself'. For ' tho priesthood of Ireland there is a provision itt every diocese and an unfailing recourse to tho generosity of tho pcoplo. For the priesthood of England this arrangement exists, but carried out with even great or exactness. Here in Australia, " tho missionary has nothing hut his trust, in Pro vidence to depend upon in the day of distress, of dilliculty, of sickness, and from tho stranded wrecks of exalted sanctity lie comes soon to know that this trust must bo his only otto for soul and body. Fully did your departed pastor rculiso this, and 1 mention it now to liis honour on earth, as it must bo a crown to liis happiness in heaven, that liko many tin- other of his brethren his trust in Providence nover caused him to neglect his1 most arduous duties upon tho plausiblo (ilea of health, or induce ltitn to make what titoti wonl 1 call prudent, provision for tho wants of liis body in an un expected timo of sickness or othor need. A Xavicr's death realised this trust, and a | Xavicr's hibourohtained it. With many excuses, 1 lie nover forgot a duty. Provisionless and grappling with disease, lie resisted every ' .temptation to horde, and died, its you found hint, poor like his Muster. I mention this circum stance of worldly dilliculty, for it is one which the world can well understand. It is a dilliculty which tltu advent of tiioso earnest, humble, saintly, prelates, such as your own, which tho solicitude of our Holy Father multiplies in our midst, will soon make a difficulty no more for your future missionaries. It is, however, a difficulty which litis boon encountered, and would ho as readily encountered again, for tho benefit of the world, hy missionaries suclt as Father Dnigan was, nnd which among their traducors tiro found to dare anything or to lose anything without hope of re ward for tho common good. This is but the beginning of tho virtuous characteristic of the Catholic missionary here labouring among you, and of which tho short career of him wo mourn for was atypo. Wo find this at every step of his career. Seo him, for instance, at liis first j etc ranee into the vineyard, struggling with , manifold duties of a densely populated Sydney 1 mission. 1 speak from a personal knowledge of j liis labour; thoro, for I was witness of thorn. ; Placed with tho Vonerahlo Archdeacon McF.ucroe at St, Patrick's, on a mission now fortunately for ! Sydney and Austral ia cared for hy the dauntless and fervent Marist missionaries, and IVotn thorn I lately heard of tho deep-seated love tho people; there j still boar for Father Dnigan. Ho found in j that locality at tho timo a wido field for his zeal, j Not to speak of liis labour in preaching, in teach- ' ing tho littlo ones of Christ, itt spending hours itt tho duties of tho con less ional, 1 well remember him occupied to tho fullest extent at till spare intervals in seeking out tiioso whom long neglect had alienated from tho sacraments, and itt hut too many instances from all practices of their religion. Accompanied by some fervent lay friend, whom liis own zeal had enlivened into fervour, he was to ho found visiting even tho haunts of vice and wrelchcdnos, nnd tiioso yet exist in life — not to mention tiioso passed to eternity, fervent Catholics whom his zeal has reserved from eternal death. I remember, too, tho many winning ways ho strove to employ to bring hack all classes. Tho Young Men's Society la; caused to flourish, tho Christian Doctrine Confraternity lie reorganised, tho varied devo tions to tho most holy Mother of God I10 introduced, the good hooks ho diffused at tho oxpenso of tho very limited means at his disposal, and when all that mortal could do was done hy hint. I well remember his grief of heart that lio could not do moro — that ho alono could not stay tho way to ruin, for how many itt that lingo city, where thousands of' his country men were congrogntod ; that lie alono could not arrest tho stealthy march of tho prosolvtisor or savo tho little ones of Christ-, attracted by ragged schools to tho destruction of their religion, or seduced hy vico nnd crimo to penalty and dis grace, whilo ltono approached to savo, and ho alono was powerless. Again, when the com mand of his superior called him away to other labours, he was found over as zealously oc cupied in the various missionary works, and it is consoling to his friends that Braidwnod. and subsequently Deniliquin, still aro fresh in the recollection of his virtue and liis zeal — that with all othei s who have been bene fited by his ministry, they mourn with you tho event which lias summoned him to a missionary's reward. And ltoro again his life, the type of many another, comos to refuto the calumnious aspersions of tho traducors of his brethren. Take ltitn in his journeys over tho vast interior and mark what he, and many such ns lie, have to endure. Tho weary journey ing to meet tho scattered flock, tho weeks, and often months, spent far from the slender rest of ovon a missionary's home — tho dangers from floods, drought, from tho scorching summer's sun, from tho miasma of tho marsh, the days without rest, i the nights without shelter — all borne with 11 ti - i eomplniiiingly. all unregistered upon this earth, j What matter, provided tho scattered sheep arc fed with the bread of life — what matter, providing grace comes to so uls need itt git-- what mat tor if 01 to, even one soul reconciled to God, it will abundantly repay all. But even this reward is not always ; found. Not always will tho most anxious care ' of tho labouring minister of God roconeilo a soul j to heaven or awaken in a soul dried up tho j fountains of ih-votiott. .Sometimes he had to ; witness tho sadly peculiar inllttouco of Satan in | this country accomplishing ruin despito all his | care : sometimes even the loss of that which is | " first givon and last taken," tho loss of faith itself, will become painfully manifest. Choked with riches, blinded with vanity and worldiinoss, and lost in vice, it is his sad destiny to meet some whose sires liavo sacrificed everything forruligion nnd yet who Imry tho recolloction of their father land and faith in tho snmo oblivion. And n second journey to tho santo locality shows hint in tho new-made grave ol unrepentant death that tho loss to hint and heaven has been real and final. 80 ho works without' rest and without reward, dependent ovon for necessaries upon tho means often of tho poorest. So ho struggles in his giant task to create the very foundations of that which liu hopes will 0110 day ho n groat superstructure of religion. 80 from his but too occupied timo ho finds space to build churches, to establish schools, to found libraries, to intro duce organisation and lif'o into thocrndo matoriiils around hint. 80 ho struggles alono, .frequently without sympathy oven from such as most owo it. So ho struggles, ho that was used, up to tho entrance of his mission, to sympathising friends, to tho advice and assistance in his eollogo days of wiso, holy-, and affectionate superiors. But now alono. yet young, yot inexperienced, yot unlearned in tho ways of tho world, ho struggles with tho world, and t.ho llesh. and tho demon who spreads all his snares to destroy, or if not, at least hy some wile or another to diminish tl to inlluonco of the lone servant of Christ. So ho struggles, and would that his struggling only wero against enemies liko tiioso whilo" occupied", tho assailants of liis religion ; enemies from wit bin, from sources tho least suspected, enemies Irotn without, by open nnd secret ways assail him. If ho l)o triumphant over tho snares spread for all Christians, but moro than all others for him, then surely comes upon him tho venom of disappointed malice, and ho finds that his very moments of supposod rest must bo dedicated to efforts to foil and to mako null tho attempts of his enemies .and tho onoinios of his religion. Easy it would he, my brethren, to prolong tho description of what tiioso who dedicate themselves to your service havo to undergo for your welfare, and tho- service of your Master and your God. Well you know that none of thorn dream of rest or comfort when tho least otto amongst you tiood their care. Does death assail you nnd cntiso tho dolusions of lifo to vanish nnd otornity to mako its reality open beforo your vision, which of tiioso ever reproached you with past neglect, with days of I'orgeU'ulnoss, when led astray hy tho world, you may havo been false to the principles of your religion. Which of them 1 ever yet refused at that moment to sacrifico ease and rest— yea, even lifo itself — when called, 110 matter at what distnnco or what moment of tho day or night, to render you t.ho last and most necessary succour? It may ho typhoid or cholera or othor malignant distemper that strikes yott, yet when aro tlicy absent from your bed side. though certain death be the result to them selves ? When is their advice and interest j refused or their slender means hoarded when j demanded hy your real necessities ? Living ' for yon, dying for you, so they servo your j God, and cold indeed must ho tho heart of that i Catholic who, when lottl calumnious vituperation i assails them — when tho treason ol'somo Judas is cast it pott tho innocent eleven, will rest passive and content. Thoro aro those who assail and , calumniate. There aro those who assail nnd censure. Wo tiro sometimes told that men I labouring as the missionary priesthood of Aus tralia, aro wauling in their duty, because, for instance, they will not cooperate in a system of education framed for tho express purpose of ruining tho souls ol those t licy aro most boutitt to defend. To all such a.-persions it is a triumph to point to that tie w-tnadu gravo without, midsav j there is a victim to his duty w'orn out in labour, and ! think is there any duty lie or such as lie would , leave unperformed for tho benefit; of tho people ' and the glory of God. Young it may 1)0 in j years, yet venerable in labour and in wisdom, lio left 110 sacrifico unmade, and in all human probability had lie not sacrificed his ! file to duty wo would not mourn him dead ; to-day. I can say. so much for liis lifo in this district IVotn what I have heard since my arrival within tho last few hours. You aro therefore, my brethren, t lio witnesses of what I say. 0, let it he lo yon a reason for continuing to practice the teachings otitis life, for his death put the crown upon them all. A grateful rc- tnembraiivo of what you owe him will I doubt not remain with all here, and tho memory of liis virtues will descend down to your children. It is human that human feelings should so find their vent in giving glory to God and honour to his servants. His death, tho deatli of, I say again, a St. Francis Xavier— tho death of a holy Catholic Irish missionary, dying on tho field of liis labour, yet far away from friends, so tin- ' expected and so lonely. No mother's hand to smooth his dying pillow. No sister to moisten his parched lips. No brother to weep in his tlying sight the tears of manly sorrow. No sympathising friends to join in the last supplication for his departing spirit. Far away from scenes he loved — far away from holy Ireland, whore, alas! anxious friends and I grieve to think even an anxious mother sits by her distant hearth awaiting news lo gladden her aged heart of her child I'rotn within the sanctuary. She hopes to hear the usual news of faith and love and gladness which thrilled her sou! at every ; mail from these scenes of her loved son's ; labours — -hopes now to lie sadly, so rudely broken ! — hopes never more to he realised 011 this side of j hor eternity. Alas ! poor lonely Irish mother, j tho sacrilico of mailt' such another mother must ; bo paid by you. and" your future consolation on earth must bo the Mater Dolorosa, the sorrowing Mother of Josus weeping when hor .Son and God had expired. But it will he a consolation to know I that your child died bravely 011 tho battle field. ; tho cross rising over ltitn in triumph and his lace to tho Iocs of his life, his pooplo in sorrow,. i his brethren encircling liis grave, his memory in ! benediction, and his triumph secure. Surely lin his case my text is verified. "Tho Lord has led hint hy many labours, mado him honourable in them, and completed thorn, and being mado perfect in a short time, ho com pleted many days." Ho fought tho good fight, lio finished his course, I10 kept the faith, "and a crown of glory awaits him in heaven. And now, my brothron, tho last and perhaps the most important; thought demanded by my duty to-dav occurs to mo. You must remember that tho awful sanctity of the God ho serves is such that tho vory angels aro not puro in His sight, and that oven works of gold and silver nrc to bo tried hy lire. It may 1)0 that your departed friend and .spiritual fnthor needs your help. It may ho that in his greatest anxiety lie has fallen into the missionaries, fault— over-solicitude for your welfare. That his death has been glorious — that his crown is great — is all the tnoro reason why to his disembodied spirit, panting for God, we should do all within our power to give rest, and olt ! what a thought for Christian faith— it is actually within our power. As ho has laboured for you, so you can labour for him. Lot him ho remembered for thu rest of your davs in prayer and communion, and, abovo nil, at tho holy sacrifice of tho Mass. Whither ho has gone, ho beckons you away, and there, no doubt, will welcome you on your arrival. Alt! remember lieitco your devotions. Remember lu cannot now help himself — ho whose sacri fice and prayers so often helped you and yours. And then, last of all, remember that though gone, ho is gone hut a while beforo you. Standing hy his grave, wo look hut beyond tho gulf over which ho has (Missed in safety ; and remember again, that if ho cannot help himself now, tho beatific vision will soon enable him, t let us hope, to benefit you when you are as |,c ! is. Let the might of ardent faith then inspire ; us to discharge this common obligation well, for ; soon again the funeral dirgo will rise to God for mo and others of his brethren now. as he was a few months ago, living llesh and blood. Soon the healthiest here to-day will hear tho summons ' and must depart. Not long is tho inter val that separates oven all from tho regions they now inhabit. Let your cntranco thoro bring joy to your spirit in tho recollection of duty discharged on earth to his. In his early death learn tho priceless valtto of tho interval you yet possess, short in any case, so uncortain in its certainly short duration. Away with vanity — with tho folly of life — with sin. Away with every thought hut that of "loving God nnd serving Him alono," and then all hero with him — all, both pastors and pcoplo — may do- part in tho assured hope that rising 0110 day in the resurrection oT the just, as stardill'ering from star in glory, each 0110 in proportion to his works, wo sltali shino with the just throughout porpotuai eternities. 