NEWS OF THE WEEK. Meat has fallen in price during this week at Mount Gambier. and the butchers there are selling mutton at 21. to 3d., and beef at 3d. to 4d. perlb. The agriculturists in the vicinity of Auburn have, with a few exceptions, almost completed tilling for the season, and are in great hopes of the next harvest being a bounti ful one, which will, to use one of their own expressions, ' set them on their legs again.' ?fast since the late rains, as is a&o; the grass, the latter proving a great boon to. cattle. — Northern Argus. . -^ The annual meeting of the Adelaide Wesleyan Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society, was held in the Pirie-street Lecture Hall, jon Friday evening. May 27. There ? was a fair' attendance, and the Rev. T. James pre sided. The annual report was read and adopted. In it the Committee bore warm testimony to the zeal and attention bestowed on the Society by the late President, the Rev. W. L. Binks, and the 'Vice-Presidents, Revs. S. Knight, and S. T. Withington, especially mentioning the -constant attention: and assiduous care shown by the Rev. Mr. Knight. A hope was expressed that under the new Presidency — that of the Rev. T. James, assisted by the same Viee Presidents, the Society would prosper, and that steady progress would be made. The number of members on the roll was 72, the average attendance being 39. The library was in a flourishing condition, and numbered 350 volumes, the average weekly circulation being about 10. During the year 42 meetings of the Association had been held, including five for the delivery of lectures, which had been well attended ; and the Committee expressed their grateful acknowledgments for the services ren dered by those gentlemen who had acted in the capacity of lecturers. The report concluded with a detail of the work done during the past year. The balance-sheet was read and adopted. The receipts amounted to .£50 2s. 6d., and the expenditure to £41 3s., leaving a balance in hand of £8 19s. 6d. Votes of thanks were unanimously accorded to the retiring officers, and having been acknowledged, the Revs. S. Knight, S. T. Withington, and Mr. G. W. Cotton were elected 'Vice-Presidents for the ensuing y«ar. Mr. J. Colton was appointed. Treasurer, and Messrs. T. McMillan and James Twigg respec tively as Secretary and Librarian. The follow ing gentlemen were appointed a Committee for the fenBuing Tear :— Messrs. Lloyd, Dobbie. Jf Farrant, Crooks, Broad, and Pitt. The meet* ing .closed in the ordinary manner. The' estimated population of South Australia on 31st December, 1869, was 93,860 males and 87,285 females— a total of 181,146 souls ; showing an increase . oyer . the previous year of 2,5 13 males, 2,335 females— total, 4,843 ?ouls. .-'.'. ? .. r :.'.'.'...- office of the ^^ ;Ad^^'i^^^ , a .^taBbinffln1 smea^ suiang ' three^ feet j^n' ? iirjcumierence, . and- weigh- ing 3^ lbs., grown aiCotapton. , r . ' ,..! Nothing has yet been settled in the matter of the Port WjSkefield^ftamWa;?:.1 The Government have, we understand^ '? offered to lease it to some private parties, who are now considering the conditions; : '- ' ,; ' - r We are requested to draw attention to an adveridsement elsewhere announcing that a, pinnic |n ; connection, wifcb. the *' Christian ' Doctrine Society' wjlliibe held at Graham's Castle, on the-Queenya birthday. iL : . \\-. ; '.Mr? 'Bskpxf ^akfla^ « iSie'|rbis therii TjerriWi^; reqjt^ts tisito' state r that 'he lis notiAe'^rabA^'thatiijne yrhit 'wia fined at the Police Courts on Friday last, for assaulting Ste^^Ambfer^;...V.f. ..;_;;-;;_ ^[^ According to the^-wt$em- JLrgtw, :€|apt. .Tohnwmof the JoEy; Miller Teports the country between Fort Bourke and Wentworfh. as ? look insr magnificent, 4he grass being «bout 2 feet high. -... ,-. ' ...= ,; ??;;?: :; -?.? v - ..''? -.-,=- rWe seelby la; Melbourne paper that Henry Edwards, wto was charged with . the murder of Mary Eagan, ottos toney Brown, 'a woman who formerly lived in -Adelaide, has been discharged from custody on the ground, of insufficient evidence. './; , - .'.'','-' *.?,'.'. ''. The ffawTer^ Times reports 10kfcJKx; Manning caught a =EreB-water turtle nnder^thfe Railway Bridge over_thel-igbt. ^This qfliiHai, though .iommon enough, about some rparjts. of the Mnrray, is very rarely seen' la Tany'rof. the emallerriFerspfihis colony. ?.?.:,:??:-?? ?;?;. ..' The A. E. it Caafe an4 the-Wesl-iyan: Cioliege Glubsr met-'oV tbe College ground on the 21st ipgfe«fco^fay *heir first football JnSteK1 NeHner iside,'-Jiowever, snoceeding in obtaining a goal; the game wil^ therefore, be continues on a subsequent Saturday. TBe game being un finishea, it is useless to describe it . ; - Mr. R. B. Smith; has received from Mr. Blackmore a reply to a. m«tnorial. presented to the Commissioner of Crown Dmds on April 7 by Messrs. 'Walter Thomson, Allan BelL, and i_ others, intimating that last Thursday's Gazette ' contains new 'Waste Lands Begulations with reduced charges for commonage licences.' . A, writer in Tuesday's Advertiser: sug gested ttat an attempt should be inade to culti vate sugarin the Nprtberi Tjerritoiy. , ,, We^are informed' that this, suggestion has been,anfici pated,-an-l that' plants -of the sugarcane £ave': already been ferwarded from Queensland to Port Darwin. ' - . ? . . ; We have beeh'.favored with the fol lowing extraot from a letter dated 'IWentworth, May 22./:'—* * 'We have been deluged with rains during jthelaat fortnight, and repbrtB of Mgn floods in sll the northern livers tave ctjrae-in by the mail. * The steamers will have ;a long season; 1Mb yearj it is to he hoped with favor able returns.' -'-' ??-_??:::???--. The Bengal -was tpwed from the. wharf, on Monday 'afternoon at 3: oTclook : f or 'the anchorage, en route for 4he Northern Territory. There was some amount rf excitement attend ant on her departure, * great number, of .the friends of the pioneers 'being on the wiarf to bid adieu to them. ?- The stock: belonging to the settlers was shipped on board with admirable care by Mr. Focmby/ ; . ' ..:-'-'\\-. The '? ijTdrfherti Argus 'pays :— An in-, quest was held on: Thursday, May 19, at' Armagh, before Mr. 'Hlli. Boe, -J-P.^lon the body of Henry O'^eiL, wh.p died suddenly the previous day. : It -ras shown that theiieoeased died from diseased of tbe heart.' and a. -verdict was returned to thaV effect. O'NeTl was. It is said, 82 years of age, and expired inhis chiir during mealtime. ?'!,'.' . ..'.].. On Sunday afternoon, May 22;,. the Rev. 3. Gribson, of Angaston, preached a- sermon at the Baptist Church, Flmders- atreet, in con nection with the South 'Australian Tpfel Abstinence League. ' The 'text was taken 'from 6th chapter 1st Corinthians, 9fch and l-)th verses. ?' The rev. gentleman also prearSied ait the Primitive Methodist Jubilee Chapel, Morpbett-street, in the evening * - ;?/ On iMonday afternoon, whilst a woman named Thomas was standing at a bookstall in Bank-street, examining some books, she iwis knocked down asdrunover by alicensed vehicle, She was conveyed intoJie Eagle Tavern, where- Dr. Carey saw her, and at his request the was removel toiler own home. The poor woman had apparently sustained .some very severe in ternal-injury. ? -. ;? :?'???.: A fatal accident, occurred at Poirt Ade laide to a lad named William Goodwin, whose parents reside on Lefevre's .'Petu^Eula. . It ap pears that the lad, who is employed -at the Port, was practising pole-leaping on Monday evening, when the pole broke, and as he fell, part of it was forced into his body. ' He Was taken home after the accident, and appeared to be getting better, but on Tuesday morning he became wbree, and died during the morning.. The result of crushing quartz from the Inglewood Mining Company V Eeef has proved veiy encouraging. Two- tons -'of : isto'nie- were passed through Britcher's machine, and yielded three ounces of gold. The 'water used .waa, however, so thick that it 'is -believed ^ large proportion of the fine gold was lost, and that much J-etter results will be obtained xmder more r favorable circumstances. The gold got by this crushing -can be seen at the office of the Company, in the Town Hall Buildings. : '. The anniversary services of the Sunday schools connected with the Pitie-street Wesleyan Church -were commenced tin Sunday, May 22. TheKev. Thos. James conducted the morning and evening, services, preaching two discoursies; from -the words — 'Xet me.saot see the death of the child, '-3enesis; xxt. 16; and in the after noon., the Rev. S. T- Withington delivered an appropriate address to the vcoildren. On each occasion there was a large congregation, And the scholars very creditably sung a. number of pieces. The usual collectionB were made. :. . On Saturday morning a lorse, with a heavy, tilted-np dray a)±aob.ecL bolted, along Waymouth-street into : King, Wiliiam-strept. - When opposite the Napoleon Bonaparte .Hotel. Mr. Bich. George courageously caught hold of the reins, and making the animal describe part of a circle, brought it to a standstilL Mr. George deserves great credit for his daring, . be cause, had the runaway not been . stopped, the probability is that in such a crowded thorough fare^ as King William-street much damage would have been done. We have seen at Mr. Dalwood's office about 30 pieces of bismuth, with gold showing in it abundantly, from the Balhannah Mine. The precious-metal appears to run right through the ore. and is found even in the hardest por tions of it. These specimens are great curiosi ties, and we understand are a puzzle to mining men, such a combination being hitherto un heard, of. Besides the bismuth and gold, Mr. Dalwoad had a quantity of rich eoft black ore, supposed to contain 50 per cent, of copper, from the same mine. ' In connection with the Unitarian Mutual Improvement Society, a lecture on the 'Cultivation of Music' was delivered by Mr. G. Williams on Monday evening, May 23, in the Committee-room of the church. The lecture was given in an able manner, and- aras illustrated admirably by Mrs. Proctor. Miss Vaughan, and Mr. Proctor. The chair was occupied by the Kev. J. C. Woods, B.A. The room was tjuite filled, and a very pleasant evening terminated shortly before 10 o'clock. An advertisement in our business columns announces that Messrs. S. Smith and Son have for sale at their vineyard, near Angas ton, a large number of rooted viaes of the class used for the production of sherry grapes. ' We have had aa opportunity of tasting some of the wine made from the' grape of this vine, and we can testify to its having the true sherry flavor. It is a full-bodied generous wine, which. was highly spoken of by Dr. Bleasdale in Mel bourne, where it took high prizes. On Monday, May 23, a special vestry W$Biir was r$&&' sTS& *D$S^telSto for; 'the purpose $-f ' electing trustees *o ?SJ vacancies caused ty^eath and rembval.'/r TIm Bev. 'Henry Seafl, fi. A., -was in the *hai^ 'and; ihere -Were present Messrs. L; 'W, 'Thrupp, W. B. Carter,' Tayloii sen.; Taylor,; jiiiii., EasUiSr, Calf ; and Webb. To fill- the places Jot ' Meissrs. Hicks, and. A. Hardy;(deee-sed},a^d,Mr/ Lewis ; (reifaoved from' the neighboabod), ' the \ follow-,. tn| gentlemen;' were 'unanimously elebteiiv — '' The Hon. R. B. Andrews, Q.C., ii. W. iThryPp,: Esq., and Mr. John Prince, of Lower Mitbham. \ A. serious accident Imppened at West Mitcham on Tuesday^ May 2% to a Uttle boy ? named CharleB Bishdp. ^ It' appears that he Maj beeaitoa Band *f, Hope tea party» and was re-' ?turning home -about «? o'clock with a lot ofr \- other children, wien they saw a trap containing four gentlemen ^ driving 'towards them.' 'Tiiey-'' rushed in get^outiot^the way, wMch all suc ceeded in doing fexcept Biebop, -who was struck' by -m& of th.e Worse's; hoof 6 on the left legs' 'just i '? below 'the knee; 'causing a - compound ftracture.1 ! He also received Several wounds on tne' head.' 1 He was taketi -'to 4he Hospital as soon as pos- ? sible, where lie is Sow progressing favorablj.r ' It' , jWall , 5-e seen. Tby ;' bur advertising columns *hat ihe Committee for. getting up v races on the Old Course on the 18th June have arranged their programme, which' is an ampler ?^neweUcalcDiated to afford good sport. ''.Oeii-' tlemen ; entering -horses -.should particularly. noTtice tbataU the starts will be punctually at ;;the limefixed, and ino one 'will be ; waited for..; Thw; isj arTVfry jndicipns regulation^.', as it ; i^t]i : -ensurer the events ?; being concluded during the afternoon, v and will prevent the proceedings from becoming tedious, as is invariably.^he case with unpunctual starting. Among tbe sports j -will be a steeplechfise -of about three .miles. ' : :. -' Ofi We4a^siiay' ftfternbon as!anianiin: i;he employ of 'Mr. Cook^ of the feeedbeds, ,waso goin^ up Pennington-terrace -with a load of Jiay; lie ;stopped on the lill. Wrest his. horses. He^ went behind the cart to put sometbiflgund^r ^he srheels to prevent tlieui from runniJigback ?wards, when the belly-band of the' hoarse in the', shafts broke; and the load 'tipped : upon him, .' ?whi^t1 itie. horse wisJ suspended^y $& .. -*ptiar^ Ijetween the shafts. !l. Oh 'being released a'shor^ -time after . the man was , found in an insensible state; baft, with the- assistaTice ofuthe byr standers and Dr. 'Wylae, remedies; were awk obtained, and he was 'brought back 46 conscious ness.; . As might have b?en expected, lie seeniea jbq be ratter severely hurt.' ... ' ' . :, . . \- j The aggregate meeting «f the Bands of Hope, in connection with the TemperaBoe So ciety, was held at- the Town HaU Exchange ©ooinlon Monday evening, May 23. The' at- tendance consisted 'chiefly of the representa tives of the various Bands, and there were also a few adult friends. The chair was occupied -by - the £ev. James LyalL In the course, of his xemarkB he mentioned ihat 12 new Bands1 had been formed during the year, making a total of 41, aumbbring in the.aggregate 3,964 memS-e-»i -being anincrease of 521 during the year'. -He then referred 4o the sad results of intemper ance, exkorting them to join the temperanca cause, which would do a great deal in keeping them from falling into many temptations'- and snares. , A nuonber of recitatioua were then ? given by. the children, ;and encouraging ad dresses were delivered by the Sev. S. Knight, and Messrs. W, KingAud S. BakeweU. - 'The Soutti Australian Tacht .Club; has , during the past year shown. signs of Vitality, and now numbers 50 members, who are officered by tne following gentlemen :— Commodore, Capt. Ferguson-; yicQ- Commodore, , Mr. W.: BL. Bundey ; Bear-Commodore, Mr. E7 ,G. ' Black more; Treasurer. Mr. G. A. Connor. On the amiiyersary of Her Majesty's Birthday- the Club intend to have a regatta, The following: entries Have been made, and -some very excel lent sport is anticipated :^-Jane, owneV: Sin clair; Isabella, owner Christie ; Express, owner Jacobsonf Prince, ^owner ^Playfair; White-,,. squall, owner Herbert. Besides the above' we notice Mr. Bucknall advertises an inducement to pleasure-seekers -on the same day, by supple-, menting the .race with a- variety of aquatic sports, to be h'eld below the Port Bridge. ' ^We are informed that Has Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergusson enter tained the following at dinner at Government^; House oh Friday evening last :— Lady C. Bacon; r Miss Heleh Fergussont Mrs. Howard, Mr. J. S. i O' HaUoranv Mr. and Mrs. J. Boo&by; ,- Captain, Thacker (18th Begiment), Captain and 'Mrs.' Marslahd, Mr. and Sirs. Arthur Cooper, Captain and Mrs. O'Haltorail,. Mr.- and Mrs. ' Sonttar, ?l£r.:'A.- Norman. Lieutenant Fergusson (Private' Secretary), and Lieutenant Morris (Aidde Oamp). — In the evening Lady Edith Fergosson had a small party, to which the folio wing ladies arid gentlemen were invited :— The Bishop o* AdeMde, Mn. and ftliss Short, Blr. Henry SHortj Colonel and Mrs.- Bocke, Chief Secretary AtidMrai Stow, Bev. F. W. Marshall, Hev. T. add* Mrs. Greee, Rev. C. and Miss Jenkins, Bev. G. yr. and Mrs. Morse, Kcv. AV'and Mrs. Hbniierv Eev; B. K. aiad Mrs. Miller, Bev. C. : Browne, Canon and Mrs. Coombes, Rev; $. and Mrs. Bmythe. Kev. W. A. Clayfield, Sev. W; Scott, Rev. -J. G. Taplin, Rev.*B B. and Mrs. Wjebb,:; Canon and Mrs: Dove, Mr. and Mrs.: Kent Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. Hawkes, -Mr. and: Mrs.-. Crawford- Mr. 1«nd Mra. Young, Miss: Wjoodford, Captain Briggs (18th Begiment), ' Mf.-Menry Hare. Mr. Barnaby, and Mr. Henry Dfatt'on. ;-: '?- '?'?' ?{??-_ ? / - ?'-.- '-; ': - - ??-.; \- jOn' Sunday, May 22, Miss ThoEQe, frpm Melbourne, preached in . the Town Hall. As might, be expected, there was a. large atten dance, the body of the Hall being filled, and thfe platform and gallery accommoda'ing a large number of hearers. Miss Thome conducted thje .whole of the. service, and as the basis, of Jier / sermon elie selected the words contained -in the 6ih chapter of Hosea, and the 3rd verse— 'Then ?sbkll we know if we follow on, to know the' Lord; His going forth is prepared as the morn ing, and He shall come unto jis as the rain, as tl^e latter, and former, .rain, unto the, earth. ' Iri speaking of. tkese words ehe dwelt upon .these -thoughts— 1st. , The means of securing ;a knowledge of God ; 2ad. God's manifestation of Himself ; and .3rd. The glorious rand .beneficent results; of such manifestation.: Mfss Theme expanded these thoughts iu an elpqaeniiand earnest manner, such as enchained . the attention of the congregation. Unfor tunately her Voice was not strong enough to fill the immense Hall, and consequently she. was but imperfectly heard In some parts of the building. . la the evening she couduoted divine service . in the Young-street Bible Christian Church, which was crowded, many persons not being able to gain admission. The words se lected as her text we're, ' And they were filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.'. After referring to the promise of Christ, she spoke of --- is advent^ His agony in tlie garlen, and of Bis ultimate death upon tl&e; cross. She alluded to His ascension also, and the pouring out of the spirit upon his disciples on the Day of, Pentecost, by which they bore witness of him and were enabled to declare with power the wonderful things of God. Collections were made on each occasion on behalf of the Circuit Fund. . . The annual soiree in connection with the Adelaide Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Association was held in Pirie-stre^t Lecture Hall, on Friday eveninr, May 20. The Hall was very tastefully decorated with evergreens and bunting, and over the platform was the word ' Welcome' in roses, and at the other end of the Hall the word 'Excelsior.' There was a large attendance, and the Bev. S. Knight (Vice- President), in the unavoidable absence of the Rev. W. L. Binks. occupied the chair. After the proceedings had been opened by singing and prayer, the - hairman in a few suitable jemarks introduced the business, ob serving that he anticipated from the character ?of the programme a very pleasant at) d enjoy able evening. The musical portion of the en tertainment was conducted by an efficient choir, and recitations were admirably rendered, by Messrs. C. B. Hall, H. Corfd. VV. Croaks. W. Fairrant, and H. ilobin. The Bev. Thomas James, who has recently come to Adelaide, and assumed the Presidency of the Associa tionT gave' an inaugural address, dwelling upon the subject- of '-Self- Culture' in a man ner full of thought, argument, and useful ? ;innts oiP^l^Ppe^M^bg ^direc 'tion, of^^the^ ^ntelle^^POJO-^S'.^t- that .afttpugn ftie^'ijjSwerV'fo-Bticceed^was given. '.td:ievfery.;ione, sttcfesV^otUdVnbt be achieved. . without .rigid discipline and diligent apjllica- . tion and perseverance. . The'E«y.:genttemau was warmly applauded at the conclusion of his re marks, and a iearty ' Vote of thankB was— upon , therrmption, p'f ;:the Bev, S. T. Withington,' seconded to£.: Mi. W,' Or. Coombs—accorded him, 'ana also' to the chair and ' reciters. The \- Bev. Mr. James, in acknowledging the com'pli 'ment, inbyea, Atfa Mr. G- W. 'Oottpn seconded, a Tote.^of thanT^a, to the. Chairman, '.which was 'ca^ei/^he^rdceeaing^ tnehcloflea, with the jl^toiu^^ithe^, '- ''?;.. ,;i';v.'.,:V ;':/'- ? . ,!,'.- ! 'WW^veBa1reiuWf4iif brined our readeris 'tifift'Mr. Win. barlow, a barrister of iroou stand in| fii D^bfifi, ia iaVtmt -jto settle jin Adelaide to puraue^hWnKaes bfWpTofessibn. The foUow-'' ring-e^rad: from' ^e tyM ^fM ' 'times, of F«p-/ niary 19 MU show the iestimatim in wMch Mr. Barlow is ' lxeld-by, ~nis;profe6Sional -bretnren r— V'lTbS Incprporafed La* ;S|bcie^r:;of' Ireland iaViB pf esente,i: a -handsomely .'illuminafe'd vale-, dietp$flej^r%^.^Wm^ afcjLaw/' 6a-- fiis3leaVing this country1 to' follow ^is prof e^ibS iff itusiraiia. Mr. BaflowSacted for a coiiBiderabTe period as Counsel to the Law Society, with'. ?;wiiat 'success the .following ad di*y bratfteeMfres't^ThB Society ;_of the Attor-. neysaiid Solicitors' of Ireland {incorporated by Boyal CKaiter)!,1 Solicitors* Buildings,, Four Odurts,f i Dublinj 'Snd ! February, 1870.— To William BarU}w^ESq.j 5^Trister-a^.tjaw;— Dear Sir^-rHasinflieartl that you laxb about to leave the1Trish.-Bar, and proceed :to Australia, to prac ttce'y our pr-OTessioii!- there,' ifihie Counbil of this Spciel^canndt allow such an opportunity to pas8^TOhottt'e^ressing to y6utheir_ entire ap probati'enof tn'e manner in which you haVe con duijted 'thfe 3cases:' in the 'Varibus Goui- tj' here, ? with'^wbicn^ttu- as i^eir_ counsel- 'iaye'been ,bii trtisted; ib nd which 'hTOVstf fully Justified the' confidence TEposed in you by them. The Council cannot xfoubt i)tit that the same careful atten tion to your prof essioual1 duties, combined Vith the confMuea' iterpisej;of j that urbanity' and court.es^T^ichyouT^aye;atia,]l times manifested in^ybur uSfercourse -with' the Council, .Will enable ^jop.Jib; achieve;; that Buccess to which yofiivSbilities and-learnin^ so. well entitle y©U, and HyMch 'this- CotLBcil sincerely desire' ;may atfe'fld,yput efforts ''inyour^ew sphere of prac^ tice. Sgned on behalf of tne Council— Kicha^D T, TH0HisOl*ES,; President *' Aotsdb Bisiow; Edwaed Beeves, -Tibe-Pr esidents ; Jom^ H. Go'p^A^;Sebretary..^ _' ' ' '? ? ' []'. ! ;A' coraesjpohdent, iwho is anxious to bbow that- there7 are J liberal-minded men in tbe Church, of- Koine, requests His to insert the fol towing' ^aragrapn^'from The North, German por respondent *^*!Xt' isr an extraofdinary sigh of the'tiiiies in wMcK -We live that Div Sepp, -a zealous KJathotic* has -'published a document, iddressed -to the *Vatio-n Council,J in which ii^proposes a revision of the canon on the 3dbject' of the Holy . Scri ptures. !We desire to arstw the attention of Our readers to the bold ness'of the language in which he denounces the projects' of ttie .ttoman €nria. We give here a brief tut pungent sample of Dr. Sepp's vigorous itjle :— * The supreme authority in the Ohurch wjH be alwaysTeBpected by Catholics so long as (reheat Tof' nothing ^yond authority, but the irord '**.ifafaBibai^,is.a stumbling-stone and in. effencej Hahd woe to'^m by whom offences 3om6. '' v' You \ahall^ be' as'gqds,' ' was iiot a jelest'at but 'a; Semoniacal Suggestion. ' The leiftcation 'oftbe^Bbmiua.' emperors conduced leither to; the welfare of the world nor tb that of the- Caesars, -'aiJd what advantage is to -accrue' to -lium'aiiiiry iioTii this f-new'1 and. significa'nt Iogma--bf ariftilltmiity* 'It is 'surpiismg.'hqw )f ten iu 'history -ecclesiastical dignitaries, espe siaUy ^rabhg-tfie1&£iii nations,- havti been' the promoters of temporal despotism. The Supreme: EEead of the Church must : ie ver degenerate' nto the Dalai'Iiama of the West. Never in ust' we Tecbgn3sef in the Pbpb ^new incarnation 'of'! iheEogos,; an additional revelation and eccle siastical Oracle. Christ alone, 'and not His 'high ?riesty rftyisfc -personally. bec the object of our iaith atnd ^usti The thunders: of tbe Tatican may 'be trife.d to subject the world to the claims if this overwetnipg ambition, 'but a recognition if :such'-pretensibns 'cannot be 'obtained by force,'; When brought fairly face to face with the* :'di9icul ties, of the 'position, tlie' most de roted'Jaahejents of -'Vfibme will hesitate and janscie'niSdusly 1:efuse to -proceed farther. 5u.cn'' an J act of- self -glorification ' inspires the reflecting Catholic- witn^brror/ and it reminds iori-Oattiplics -of 'sonie jjarts of the Bobk of Eteve!»tibn;i .ByjtTie -virtual institution of an exclusively Italiaii* Church- governiueit, by the ispuifnptidn of one ?? infallible 'Head of the ^hurfchj deciding dogmatically in disputed iues-ibns,' the : formation of independent iatiorial: ^hiir'ebe's is jprovbked,1 and in addition ;o; a Oa-lican-ahl an Anglican, a German Church nay,' by the force of circumstances, be brought' ntb 'existence. It; is not an error to assert that ;vea a Kitiarchycannot rule 'without a certain jppul- arityi~ In the, course 'of a thousand years io many dogmas, hav^ Bot/been prbclaimted as n bur:'timesduririg'! a; single pontificate, and no me ^felt^the -least lorigmg ^fpr them, with the jxce'pti^ofcerta^^^ntfemea in Borne. The )rpclamatioti: £of the'new dogma would be the itsfi signal1 for a new conflict with the Jesuits', md'the -first ist?p to ^heif second overthrow. V The members and -firiends of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Mutual Impfbve' nefat Association, cliose as the spot for their uinual- picniB,-Gaskmore Park, the property of fames' Mclieod, Ksq., which- jb beautifully situated in the.viciniiy '»f Paradise. About 10 ]'clocka goodly, number' of both sexes having mustered -in Adelaide, they were conveyed in two of Darton ?&.' Go.'scominodious omnibus'se?, when isfter a lovely ; drive of about one hour's luration, the scene of the day's pleasure Was reached. 'Ihe day was 'spent in a very pleasant uid agreeable manner. Games suited tb either iex and various tastes being indulged in. Some if the party took advaitagp of thijToppbrtunity fa visit the. New Reservoir* Works at' Hope v'alley, and wefce amply- repaid for tbeir walk by the* prospect surrounding it. Re freshments followed, 'after ' which, the sports ' were renewed with : fresh vigor till about i o'clock; when preparations -were made For reaching town, the picnicer'fi arriving at the starting points shortly before dusk, in par-' feet safety, nothing having taken place to mar the enjoyment of the 'day! A tea and soiree book place the same evening in the schoolroom it\ the rear of the -chureh, which was found to i-e apon tikis occasion inconveniently smalL Phis difficulty was, however, easily met by' the lnanimous good feeling which characterised ihose present. The tea was provided by Mr. Smith, of Hindley- street, iu his usual efficient nanner. At the-epiree. tbe President, Rev. Fames Lyall, occupied the chair. The Chair man having urged the members of the institu tion to the pursuit of knowledge, and to keep Ln view the bright and glorious future lying before them. Mr. A. Anderson delivered i pro'ogue of considerable merit, written for the occasion. He was succeeded by Messrs. G. B. Sketha^ay and T. Matthews, who sang a iuet, 'All's Well,' which was encored, out owing to the timely interference of the Chair man, who begged the audience to bear in mind the length of the programme, further encores were thus checked. A trio was also sung, ' Come where my love lies dreaming.' by Miss M. Driver and jWesTS. G. B. Skethaway, and F. Matthews, which received universal applause. Duets 'A. B. CV' and 'Sunset,' also a trio, ' When shall we three meet as;ain,' were sung by ama'eurs before mentioned, and received with : great eclat. Among the pieces of siocution -rewarded with unlimited app'ause from the -audience were, a recitation by Mr. J. Tassie, 'The Pilot's Story;' dialogue, ' The Saxon and the Gaul,' by Messrs. W. S Moirand Alex. Hendry; the Trial Scene from ' the Merchant of Venice,' Messrs J. H. Fea, T. J. Hammill, A. Andersen, J. Mo^r, W. 8. RIoir, and the Hon. Secretary taking the prin cipal characters. The grave-yard scene from 'Hamlet,' by Messrs. A. Laing, I\ MoKenzie, T, H. Fea, and W. S. Moir. Recitations were aelivered by Messrs. W. C Johnstone, D. Fea, T. J. Hammill, and Alex. Hsndry in a very creditable manner. The usual votes of thanks followed, and a very pleasant and agreeable meeting was brougot to a ^lose by singing the National Anthem. On the 21st instant the Rev Aloys Kranewitter left St. Aloysius College Seven hills, of which he was the founder, and where he labored with great zeal during the last 22 years. The field of his future labors will be Melbourne, in St. Patrick's College, and among the German population of that city. Before leaving the College he was presented with a valedictory address by the students, to which he replied in feeling words. He was then escorted as far as Auburn by the Very Rev. A. Strele (the present Superior of the College), the Rev. J. Tappenier, and several other gentlemen from the neighborhood. At Auburn a great number of the inhabitants of the Wakefield and Saddleworth were waiting for him, and accom panied him as far as the Railway Station at Saddleworth. These two districts were under his particular pastoral care for many years, during which time he earned the esteem and affection of his flock to such a degree that his memory will be held in greatful remembrance for many years. Many gentlemen of other de nominations came to say farewell to him, he having been well known and esteemed by them as a perfect gentleman and kind- hearted neigh- bor. Arrived at the house of Mr James Manning, whose hospitality he always used when officiating at Saddleworth, he halted to take leave of this hospitable place that was so dear to him, and from which he so oftentimes looked on the graceful little church that was built by his exertions. There all the company assembled, and Mr. Luke Manning read the following address :—''Rev. and dear Sir — on the occasion of your departure from amongst us, we the parishioners of the dis trict desire to express to you how deeply we regret that the long and loving relationship be tween yourself and us should be broken. Your untiring zeal, efficiency, and self-sacrifice in the performance of your sacred duties for so many years, have endeared you to every inhabitant, and earned their esteem and respect. But we feel assured that the wisdom of your ecclesias tical superiors has selected a field of exertion in which your labors will be as thoroughly appre ciated, and as abundantly successful, as they have been with us. Not willing to allow you to depart from us without some manifestation, of respect, we have resolved to give expression to the feelings of gratitude and love for you, and in token thereof we beg of you to accept this address and accompanying purse, which, although small, are the generous offerings of a grateful people. Rev. and dear Sir, in bidding you farewell, we wish you to believe that you will go accompanied by our warm sympathies and grateful recollections, and that our prayers to the Giver of all Good in your behalf may be heard, and may the Omnipotent God accompany you to your new sphere of Labors in the cause of our holy religion. Signed on behalf of the Catholics of the district, Patrick McMahon, John Ryan, Michael Man ning, Luke Manning, James Byrne, Michael Mclnerheney. After the address was read, Mr. James Byrne presented the purse, with 22 sovereigns. In replying to the address, the Rev. A. Kranewitter expressed his regret at leaving so many dear friends, but as his call to another field of labor came from a higher dis position, he cheerfully submitted. He took it is a proof of their kindness that they spoke of his labors and success. All this belonged to Divine Providence. He knew he was not able to do as much as he wished. With regard to the present they offered him, he remarked that he had already before declared that he did not wish for any thing in the shape of money, as he knew that times were rather hard, and as the inhabitants of these two districts had already gone to considerable expense in presenting him with that beautiful buggy, but as they in sisted on his receiving the purse, he would do so, but not for himself, as he wanted nothing but would buy something with it, which would be an ornament in their church, and at the same time a keepsake from him. He requested of them to pay the same respect to his successor as they paid to him, and aIso the same submission in matters of religion as they had done to him. He was sure his suc cessor would deserve it, and advance the in terests of their holy religion with greater zeal than he had done. His heart would always be with them— he would always remember them in his prayers— and he begged of them, as a last favor, that they would remember him in their prayers. From Mr. Manning's the assembly proceeded to the Railway Station and an affectionate and in some cases a tearful farewell was taken of the reverend gentleman. When he entered the railway carriage three hearty cheers followed him. The anniversary services of the Sunday-.. m.Tinnls r.nnner.hatl with thin Pirif--atrefit WnsifivnTi Church were continued on Wednesday evening, Way 25, when tea and public meetings were leld. They were both well attended, and the thair at the public meeting was occupied by ilr. L. Roach {Superintendent of the Pirie- 1 ifcreet School), who, after the proceedings had jeen commenced by singing and prayer, referred ;o the importance of Sunday schools, and e* iressed regret that so . much difficulty was sxpertenced in obtaining efficient teachers. FTe lid. not think this difficulty should exist rith such a congregation as they had worship ing at Pirie-street. He hoped that for the uture their Sunday-schools would he taken rreater- interest in by the Church. Mr. Alfred Thomas (Secretary) -then read an nteresting report, from which it appeared ;hat in the Pirie-street Echo -1 there -were !7 teachers, with an average attendance tf 18 ; 326 scholars, with an average Lttendance of 210 ; and 880 volumes in the ibrary. In the Franklin-street school there vere 16 teachers, with an average attendance ef 14 ; 170 scholars, with an average attendance )f 140 ; and 290 volumes in the library. Phe two schools showed an increase of three ;eachers and 29 scholars. Mr. W. G. Coombs read the financial statement. The income, it leemed, had b/en sufficient to meet tbe ex penses. Mt John Colton, J.P., moved tlie tdoption of -the report and balance-sheet. In lis opinion Sunday-schools were an institution second to none for' the promotion of the Chris ian ciiise. Seeing that it was probable before ong there would bo some alteration in the io itiuctioii imparted in their week-day schools, it was very necessary that increased attention ihould be given to their SuncUy- schools. (Hear, lear.) The Rev. S. T. Withington seconded, -bserving that whatever kind of instruction ;here might be in their day schools —whether it -e denomina'ional or the reading of the Bible r-erely— tbe chief really Christian training of ;he children would rest with the Sabbath ic'jjooIs. --f course h«) escepted parents, who lad the greatest influence in the tr ining of shildren. Mr. James Scott, in a I rief buf. ap jropriate speecli, supported the motion, which iras carried. Mr. Henry Thompson (Superin ;endent of the Franklin street School) then iddressed the meeting, speaking of conver sions in the school of which he had the ;harge, and asking -he prayers of th* Church for tbe success of those engaged iu Sunday-school work. The Kev. Thomas lames followed with a telling and an admirable speech. He did not think it was possible for bhe Church to take too deep an interest in the Sabbath-school enterprise. It wjs true it had lot been the success they could have desired, but they should bear in mind that they could not judge of the value of such an enterprise by its ipparent success. Whatever ndght be done in this community with regard to education, bis jonviction was that they had a perfect right to liave the Bible in their day schools as a class 300k. (Hear, hear.) He did not sea why they should not have it. He did not think the Bible hud ever done any one any barm. (Applause.) Ff they could find him one person out of a hun iredwhowas the worse for reading the Bible when he was youug, th«8n he would say there was room for discussion — room forques'ion ; but tie did not Velieve they could find such a one »ut of 10,000 who had really tried the thing, find these were the only persons competent to speak. (Applause.) He considered they ought to stand uoon their tights, and in-ist upon the Bible being read in the schools. He knew there was an organization opposed to it, and it wasanecclesiastical organization, but he wa«sure it wasfar more political tbanecclesiatical. (Hear, bear.) Were they a Protestant ciuntry, or were they not ? When they legislated iu Austria, in fta'y, or in Mexico, did they, legislate for the Romish Church, or did theynot ? If their Protes tantism was worth anything at all, it was worth -the -protection of their, legislation.. (Loud applause.) ; It .had been said, that the Bible was. the common law of England, and he maintained they- «hould'8tand by 'it being read:in -'their day-schools. : (Applause.) ' Mr, J. D. HilL, after a few words, . made ', way for the Bev. W; I* Binks, who in a pithy speech commented updh the relation of the Church to Sunday-schools. Mr. J. D. Hill moved, and Mr. Colton seconded, a Vote of thanks to the Committee and officers for their services during the past year, and the appointment of the fol lowing pentlemen :- Treasurer, Mr. T. J. C. Mann j Visitors, MesBrel J. Colton and J. D. Hill ;and Committee^ Messrs. W. Pengelly, G. W; Cotton, -Wi'tt. Coombs, £. Howell, W. J.S. J Stacy, G. Ii: Bonython, sen;, J. H HiU, B: Knowles. 0. Pitt, P. Scott, W. G. Chinner, Gi s Hunt, W. iing, G. Armstrong, and W. Hale, The motion. was carried, and votes of thanks having been accorded to the ladies for providing the tea, and to the chairman, the proceedings of a very pleasant meeiing terminated id the usual way* The proceeds of the services amounted %o £32 10s. : . ; . - We have seen some admirably, executed vignette photographs of the Bev. Aloys Krane witter, tali en by Mr. Henry Jones,- of King William-stfeet. They are printed on nicely toned paper, and are exceedingly well finished. : Mr. Jones intends* W& believe, producing a life size portrait of the rev. gentleman. ? 