tlo the Editor of the Freeman? t Journal.) Sib,— The (Ecumenical '.Council noyr sitting at Rome, furnishes an exhaustless theme for the tongues and pens of those Protestants of this colony, who make a political capital of their animosity to the Catholic religion by pandering to popular Ignorance and bigotry. By these dogmatic fanatics the doctrines of Holy Mother Church are denounced as not only presumptu ous, but blasphemous. As devout members of the anglicaa communion, it is their boast and glory io declare themselves the bitterest foesof C&taoliciaiq.; Lefc them remember that to them belong* the honour of being the moat! ruth* less persecutors of disacntors of oil CfOuntrjes and age^ Whilst they continually taunt C^tholica :wijft ||eneeatfprii t^ey sublimely ignore the haoge !ng8~tfw eararofipjqg, the i.'jropn&nniejfat; and twalskment and other ciueltief inflicted upoa ^he Puritana by their episcopal ioref afcherp. . It?; is indeed lamentable that Buch a pure faith and vaunted enlightenment does not inculcate and manifest greater charity towards their benighted neighbours. Is an Anglican Bishop, I ask, guilty of blaBphemy and presumption when he professes to impart the Holy Ghost by the imposition of his handB on the kneeling priest and to delegate a power to him by which henceforth he may 'remit and retain' the sins of his fellow mor tals ? Is this newly ordained priest, a presumer and a blasphemer when he declares that by the sprinkling of water he regenerates the infant ? Are sponsors blasphemers when at the Font they vow to 'renounce the Devil and all his, works, all the pomps and vanities of this wicked world and all the lusts of the flesh ?' Holy water is an abomination to the rigid church man but in the sanctification of certain places and spots of earth he is a devout believer. Tran substantiation he rejects with, horror ; consub stantiation he accepts with reverence. He keeps the saint days but despises the saints. In his ritual he apes the rules and ceremonies he af fects to condemn and all his religious services are but a pitiful and childish imitation of the imposing splendors of the Catholic worship. — 1 am, Sir, your?, TEUE CATHOLIC. 