THE GHOST OF PROTECTION. (Times.) The ghost, of Protection, which lately strove to walk the world's stage once more under the guise of reciprocity, haB been very summarily laid. Timid souls were alarmed, as is their wont, at the preternatural appearance, and allowed their fears to mislead them into the belief that a dead thing was coming back upon us with power; but the terror of the most timid must by this time hare vanished. Protection, under whatever name it is called or miscalled, is in a bad way all orer the world. Mr Wells, the United States Commissioner of Revenue, has dealt it deadly blows in America, and the Republican organs in their rage refuse to give his Report publicity, and lavish the wealth of a copious vocabulary of abuse upon bis name and his motives- In France, where it was thought that the Treaties of Commerce would have been denounced long before now, the possibility of such a danger has brought to light an amount of devotion to Free Trade little suspected by any one. In the debates in the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies the weight of argument, of authority, and it would almost seem of numbers, is arrayed without reserve on the side of Free Trade; and all combine in declaring that nothing should be done to modify the commercial relations of the Empire with other countries until after a full and impartial Parliamentary inquiry on the operation of the Treaties of Commerce had been completed. The regime of selfgo vernment is not hostile to Commercial Freedom. M. Jules S mon eloquently reminded the Corps Legislatiff that liberties of all kinds are inseparably related to each other. M. Simon is,however, a deputy from Bordeaux, and the voice of a representative of the capital of the Giroud may be heard with suspicion. But turn northwards, and we finl in the shipping port of the Protectionist stronghold a spontaneous movement largely supported rising in protest against reactionary legislation. On the 10th the new Ministry published the decree to which we have already referred, suppressing the admission of un printed cotton goods into France under bond for purposes of printing and reexportation. By the 14th a remonstrance, signed by 90 of the leading firms of Havre, was published, addressed to the Ministers and Deputies, demanding the maintenance of the existing laws and the renewal of the Treaties of Commerce, subject only to such modifications of detail as experience bad shown to be useful, and adjuring the Legislature not to consent to any modification in the present system before a Parliamentary inquiry had enlightened the Government and the Chamber upon the true interests of the country. This remarkable document deserves the best attention of our own merchants and manufacturers. It would indeed be remarkable if,when the cause of freedom had thus progressed abroad," it should be losing strength at home. No apprehension of such , a calamity need disturb us. Whatever may have been done by a foolish conservative here and there —a Colonel Beresford wooing the people of Southwark or Lord John Manners explaining the doctrines oftradetothe farmers of Leicestershire—the directors of the party are no more capable of falling back upon Protection than Mr Villiers or Mr Bright. Avery credible statement has been published how Lord Derby eurtly repelled the suggestion that he should countenance an association to wage war against Free Trade without Reciprocity, and the report of the meeting of the Chamberof Commerce at Exter in our columns on Friday showed how Sir Stafford Northcote took the earliest opportunity in his power to disclaim all approbation of the sophisms that have been industriously circu* lated to the delusion ot many. "We can no more restore Protection, even if we desired it, than we can turn the Exe backwards," was the well known expression of Lord Palmerston at]Tiverton some dozen or more years since." " I am'perfectly convinced," said Sir Stafford Northcote, on the banks of the same river on Thursday, " that not only is such reaction impossible, but even if, by any cnriouB concurrence of circumstances, it could take place, it could only lead to very great distress and inconvenience.. . . You would immediately cause a good deal more distress by restriction." It is not very easy to misunderstand these conclusions, even if there be persons who are incapable of apprehending the force of the arguments on which they are founded, and Sir Stafford's words ought to have the effect of silencing for ever the pertneBB of the sounder polticians of his party who have not merely coquetted with the Reciprocity rump, but have boldy declared that Free Trade was a delusion* Free Trade is simply an illustration of the great truth of the benefits of the division of labour, and whoever denounces Free Trade ought, to be consistent, to denounce the simplest division of labour also. If it were better for the people of .Eng- land that they should produce within the limits of the country all they require for the maintenance and comfort of life, it must be better for the inhabitants of each county, hundred, town —nay, for every man to supply his own wants by his own direct labour. In. a word, we should return from civilization to barbarism. We should throw aside the organisation of society enabling thirty millions to live within these narrow isles, and adopt the form of life of a hunting community, when thirty thousand might perhap? manage to sustain existence upon them. Of course the confused reasoners who honestly talk of Reciprocity are not prepared to carry their argument to its length, and probably will not see that such a conclusion is a necessary inference from their premises. They say they are willing to trade with others if others will trade with them. But how is it possible to trade with others unleSB others trade with us ? All trade is exchange- If we sell we buy ; if we buy we sell. We buy goods'from France,and give in exchange, let us suppose, gold and silver. What then P We send goods to Australia and to America, and get in exchange gold and silver. Each branch of these operations is profitable to us—that is to say, we desire when we get more than what we part with ; we could not ourselves make what we get except by the expenditure of greater labour than is bestowed upon the making or getting of what we part with; if it were not so, the process of international exchange would be at once suspended. How does this bear upon the argument, if we may so term it, of the benighted upholders of Reciprocity ? Simply in this way :—Their position is that because other nations interpose obstacles to the reception of the products of our industry, we should retort by imposing duties on the admission of. their fabrics until at least they had learnt wisdom to consent to a mutual abandonment of tariffs. Closely analyzed this proposal amounts to this—that since the French and the Americans do not fully realize the benefits of freedom, of commerce, and have in their ignorance done their beBt to re- 1 strict it, we would aggravate the calamity by increasing the restrictions. This is indeed in the language of the proverb, " cutting off your nose to spite your face." We do not all enjoy all that we might, and, therefore, let us enjoy leBS than we can. We may suggest a dilemma to those who uphold this singular position. Suppose that the obstacle presented to the introduction of English goods into France had been due, not to an unfriendly tariff, but to some circumstance of a natural character ; suppose, for example, that directly the French frontiers were reached the perfection of transport actually pre« vailing ceased, and that, instead of trains de grande vitesse, pack-horses were the only means of carriage. Would this be sufficient reason for refusing to trade with the country until they had completed a network ot railways ? Yet this, candidly examined, is an exact parallel to the position of those who demand Reciprocity as a condition precedent of Free Trade. Sir Stafford Northcote's argument is unanswerable. France does impose restrictions on trade, and we get a less return for the articles produced in this country than we should if no restrictions existed. " Well, but we do not mend matters by saying ' We on our side will in return take a fraction off the value of the wine we receive from France,' because, if we do, we shall still further limit the return the English producer will get.'' We shall aggravate the evil instead of alleviating it. It would, as Sir Stafford Northcote said, be " most unfortunate" for the country if any tendency to this delusion should be encouraged. W e must stand firmly upon the principles we have adopted. Happily, the tendency to reaction has been alto* gether overrated; We shall stand firmly by our own principles, because we remain assured of their soundness. We do not wish to be too severe upon the Reciprocity advocates. Some of them, and these among the noisiest, ought, indeed, to be whipped and sent back to school, but there are many among them who are simply confnsed and bewildered and, in presence of a wide-spread distress, catch at the first explanation that may be forthcoming. We may ask such honest doubters whether a difficulty of getting employment has now for the first time befallen the operative world of England ? We seem to remember bread riotB, and machine riots, and Luddite riots, and Chartist riots, and the burning of Sir Robert Peel in effigy, and a chain of other incidents of even worse character, all happening before the repeal of the Cora Laws in 1846. The truth is that, under whatever conditions of work we live, it is easy to over-estimate their stability and to presume upon their continuance. The markets are prosperous, prices are rising, the ambition of producers is stimulated, and labour is developed until more produce is brought for sale than purchases can take at;the prices demanded, and there is a reaction, and wages fall and men are thrown out of work. We were too confident some five years ago that as trade then was it ever would be. The movement of commerce has been reversed, and instead of unlimited hope unlimited despondency has supervened, but there are not wanting signs that the most trying point has been reached, and the worst is passed. It is prabably useless to warn the mercantile|and manufacturing world against a repetition of their former errors, but this much we affirm of Free Trade, that by enlarging the sphere of commerce it diminishes the shock of recurrent misfortune, it lessens the proportion of the unemployed to the army of workmen, and if it cannot banish misery, it miti< gates the severity of its pressure. 