IPSWICH CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of a new Congregational Church in Ipswich took place on Tuesday afternoon, and attracted to the town a con- siderable number of Brisbane and country visitors, while the number of townspeople who assembled to witness the proceedings was the largest that we have seen turn out since the Duke of Edinburgh's visit. The weather we rather warm but not oppressively so, and the main street wore quite a gala appearance. His Excellency the Governor, who had kindly consented to take part in the proceedings, thus imparting to them an additional interest, came up in the steamer Ipswich as far as Waterstown, from which place he was driven into town by Mr. Thomas Bell, No. 2 Company Q.V.A., under the command of Captain Stanley, mustered at the railway station at half-past three, and, headed by the band, which played remarkably well, proceeded along Brishane-street and drew up opposite the chapel grounds. The Oddfellows, preceded by their fine banner, and displaying their full regalia, marched in procession, taking the same course as far as the Clarendon Hotel, and then, turning up East-street, halted near Tattersall's, at which place the Governor arrived shortly after four o'clock. He was received by the Rev. E. Griffith and other ministers, and, after a short stay, proceeded, attended by the Oddfellows, to the site of the new building. The crowd at this time was very large, numbering several thou- sands, among whom the ladies seemed to pre- dominate. On the Governor's arrival the Volunteers Band struck up, and the men presented arms. Seats had been placed round the stone for the spectators, but not sufficient to accommodate a tithe of them, and we do not suppose more than a hundred people actually witnessed the ceremony or heard the remarks of the speakers. The Governor having been accommodated with a seat, the proceedings were commenced by singing a portion of a hymn appropriate to the occasion, after which prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr. Griffith. The Rev. Mr. Mossop then delivered an address. He said they had assembled for the purpose of laying the foundation- stone of a new house of prayer, to be used in connection with the Congregational Church. This church had had an existence in Ipswich of about sixteen years, the late Mr. Deacon, a zealous and sin- cere man, having been the first to collect together a few followers of the Congregational and Baptist com- munions, and form a United Church. The Rev. Mr. Griffith, the first Congregational minister in Queens- land, in due time became their pastor, and it was under his ministry that the wooden build- ing now in use was erected. Many changes had taken place in connection with the Con- gregational Church since then ; some of these were pleasurable, whilst others had been painful. He was happy to think however that throughout all the changes they ahd been enabled to sustain a place of worship to Almighty God, and that they had thus been permitted, in common with other churches, to aid in the combined movement of the general good. For some time past it had been considered a talked about amongst them that a new church was desirable, and a number of friends having come forward with promises of support, amounting to something like £1000, it was considered that the time had arrived when duty called for the erection of the building. The work had been commenced, not without fear, but still with great faith. All the necessary preliminaries were arranged, and a very handsome plan has been adopted, a contract for the building had been taken, and they assembled there that day for the purpose of laying the foundation-stone. In looking about for some fitting person to perform that duty their aspira- tions had mounted very high, and they resolved upon inviting his Excellency the Governor of Queensland to perform that kind service for them. They were sustained in their resolve so to do by the conviction that if they could only secure the attendance of his Excellency they would not only be benefiting them- selves as a Church, but they would at the same time give joy to the neighbourhood at large by affording the people the pleasure of meeting the kind, courteous, and universally beloved Governor of Queensland. It now became his duty to take the bottle he held in his hand and place it on the receptacle provided for it under the stone. (The rev. gentlemen ex- plained that the bottle was not a common one, but was made of lead, in order that if at some future day the stone should happen to be removed the con- tents might be found in a good state of preservation, which he understood was not always the case when a glass bottle was used.) The bottle—or rather leaden case—contained a copy of the Queensland Times of that day's issue, and also some coins of the realms- he did not know how much or of what description, but he should hardly imagine there could be much gold amongst it, all the gold that they could obtain would be required to pay for the building. The case also contained a brief history of their Church beautifully written on parchment. Mr. Mossop then placed a the leaden case in the receptacle under the stone, and, turning to his Excellency, said he had the honour of presenting him with a mallet and trowel, with a respectful request that he would be pleased to lay the foundation-stone of the building about to be erected for the worship and to the glory of God. The rev. gentleman at the same time expressed fervent wishes for the spiritual and temporal welfare of his Excellency. The stone was then slowly lowered into its place, its decent being directed by Messrs. Hancock and Shenton, the contractors for the building. His Excellency having applied the level to the stone and found it to be true and evenly set, and having gone through the usual forms, said—"I declare this first stone of the new Congregational Church, Ipswich, to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Brother BEATTIE, District Grand Master of the Western Star Lodge of Oldfellows, then stepped for- ward and read the following address:— "G. U. O. O. F. "1184. "TO THE OFFICE-BEARERS AND MEMBERS OF THE CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, IPSWICH. "We, the members of the Western Start Lodge, Grand United Order of Oddfellows, have much pleasure in the congratulating of the office-bearers and mem-ea nadii$.-? bers of the Congregational Church on the erection of a new place of worship for their sect in this town. Any society having for its object the spiritual or tem- poral interests of our fellow-creatures will always pos- sess our hearty sympathy and co-operation. "We feel that we are fellow-workers with you for the good of our kind; for while your province is par- ticularly that of looking after the highest interest of man, ours is that of looking after their temporal well- being; while yours is to fit man to meet and overcome his spiritual foes, ours is to enable him (as far as lies in human power) to meet the ills of life with compara- tive immunity. "As a token of our hearty sympathy in this good work, we would ask you to accept the accompanying purse as a small donation to your building fund. "We remain, in the bonds of the order, "F. L. T. "WESTERN START LODGE. "RICHARD FOX, N.G. "THOMAS H. SANDERS, V.G. "COLIN LIVINGSTONE, E.S. "January 18, 1870." At the conclusion of the address the reader handed it to Mr. Mossop, accompanied by a purse containing £5, which was laid on the stone. Other contributions, including one from the Governor, were placed beside it. Mr. MOSSOP briefly thanked the members of the lodge for their attendance in procession, and also for the purse they had contributed. Three hearty cheers were given for the Queen, three for the Governor, and three for the Oddfellows, after which the Volunteer Band struck up the National Anthem, which closed this portion of the proceedings. As the large concourse of well- dressed people dis- persed, most of them proceeded in the direction of the School of Arts, and the whole space , roadway and footpaths, from the chapel grounds to the top of the hill was quite covered by the crowd. His Excellency, at- tended by his aide-de-camp, left in Mr. Bell's carriage, and as he passed through the line of Volunteers and Oddfellows he was saluted and loudly cheered. 