THE HUMAN" EEMAINS POUND AT STANHOPE. ADJOURNED IsauEST. I ON Saturday morning, July 2nd, at ton o'clock, tue inquest was resumo i. Tho following ovidonco is abridged from tho Maitland Mercury :-. Elizabeth Parkins, residing at Stanhopo, deposed that she saw liobert Charles on Easter Monday, four years ago. She saw a person assisting Mr. Johnson in splitting, and hor little boy told her it was Kohort Charles. Constable Edward Gronnnn stated that he remem borod searching in the locality of tho Tangorin Mountain, about four years ago, for a missing por7 son called Mr. Charles. Began tho search on tho night of April y,_18(iG, and continued until the Hth. During that timtThe was on ono occasion in company with Johnson, Mooney, andothcrs. They worothen in tho neighbourhood of the Sandy Creek Waterholes, towards which the party voro then proceeding. Johnson said, " It is no- uso searching, ho will never turn up. Johnson's manner was then very uneasy, and witness called Mooney's attention to tho words ho used. On a subsequent day witness asked Mooney why ho was not out searching, when tho latter replied, " What is tho use of searching after what Johnson said." . Ono ovoning whon witness was returning in company with Johnson, tho latter romnrkod that it was very curious that Mr. Charles should havo loft: a pound, just tho very amount that would hiivo to'ho paid for tho gun. Between tho time when tho search was discontinued on tho 1-lth April, I860, and .the 10th ot tho sumo month, witness saw Johnson in front of his house. Johnson Enid in a very excited manner, " What's up." Witness Toplied, "Nothing." Johnson then said that whenovor ho saw any of thoso chaps (tho police) ho thought thero was something up. Mrs. Johnson then carno out and interrupted tho conversation, by tolling her husband to hurry . with tho corn, or lia would bo too lute. Johnson said nothing for a while, hut afterwards said that if a reward was offered Charles might perhaps turn up. In January, 18G8, witness was collocting the electoral roU and went to Johnson's. Mrs. Johnson told witness that \ Charles had turned up in Irolahd. One day during tho search Johnson askod witness whether'he had said; that ho .had seen Charles's ghost on the night that he had slept in his (Johnson's) place. Witness [told him not to mind such yarns. Whenovor .witness was talking; with Johnson on'tho subject of j Mr. Charles, ;Mrs. Johnson always interforoil, and \ seemed to try to break off" the conversation, j Itobort Soiland dopoBrd that ho knew Mr. Charles about four years ugo. Having hoard that Charlos was missing, witness- assisted in' tho .search; , Johnson wanted to advertise for the missing man, but witnoss advised him to inform tho policé. Johnson "showed great upulhyih the search. Wit- ness thought nt first that BIr. Charles had met with 'somo accident, us he know that Charles was in tho hubit pf using tho heads of matches instead of caps! Johnson said it wns a hard caso that the world i should look upon him . with suspicion. Witness i told ,him-to look dispassionately at all tho facts, ; and he would soo that the world must havo great suspicion. Witness mot Johnson on onoi of tho days ' returning from tho, search. Johnson sad, "It is of ' no'iisq searching,for him, Mr. Bolland,- for .you will ? not find him above ground." Witness said, ' * Wóll ! thpn hé must.bo under the ground.". Johnson then turned Away and loft, os though' he folt ho had com- mitted himself. .;Witness hoard-that! Johnson*:had, '? some.time. previous. !, to . tho : -loas- !of Mr. Charles, I expressed a strong desire to possess the novel called . ^'EugehoAram," and that ho had,'in' fact, obtained the"work.',, Whilo tho search waa' going oh. witness was in'Johnson's houso, .with 'constable Leonard^ and he got possession of tho book, when'he -found that the portion of the work which! relates to the finding of tho, body, and Eugene Aram's défende,;was ? very ; dirty and . worn, and boro marita of having huon much studied. That circumstance ; having óceurred i before, ; the, disappearance í ? ofiMr. !. Chnrlesj ; caused some . suspicion'., in. .the-'mind- of iwitness; Mrs.. Johnson, Beomed .very -"indifferent during the .'anarch; tho ;ónly -anxiety evinced /hy the Johnsons j àppo'^'tp)ie~io get rid'of :.tho: search.;>iTho placó . wheréj|the"romàinB;wero (blind was inwnn' opposite : direction to that Ma-. Chsrl03 must havo takon .to go ! towards.the train. . .?', .,- , . ?'?.>,M» ."?i , . .WUHiini. Harris said ho -was lour yoars ago in mo I policofbrce stationed ut Branxton. ?.. Abdul that timoj . on Easter, JTui-sday, Mr. Johnson gave him ). informa J j tion t,hat a person, named Robert Charles rwas> lost in j tho hush/at .Tangorin.4 He,.said Charles weht : buh; i saying.ho,; was.going- out l for. an hour's. shdoting; ? and ho -would not bo ^longer, as ,'ho. had to : return toi ! Maitland,hy'tho train. ^Johnson enid.that.Charles j muBt have losthimself.inltho hush,' for ho hadfleft : his wnistcoat, -watch,' a' pound note,: and .aCpair : of ! hoots heh'irid him. , Jolinson said ho' had "boen, out l| all,,.'day , .looking; for him, and :hó M felt II vary j much fatigued, . nnd his' horse waa ! knocked :up; Johnson 'seemed mitch, excited ;when he first curne ; andgave, witness inforrnation.'-i During the¡'soaroh j Johnson .frçnuëntly said'..?to' witness,.that' ifc.'was, no ? use looking for, the. missiajr mah. . While : senrching J the,' Sandy' Crepk with a blackfellow, they observed j twP hawks hovering about. Tho blackfellow searched ; tho,creek for about an hour, but found nothing.'¡ J1 i '.. Senior-sergoant Thomas Kerrigan?'. their deposed 'that oh tho 4th April, 186G, he recoived'informntibn ? through Mr. Colyor, ho believed, about tho missing mao, Mr. Charlea. The search was kept np A>i several days, hut without success. Johnson appeared to witness to bo the most reluctant in tho party. AVitnesa spoke to him several times about his neglect in tho first instance, and from Johnson's answers -witness strongly suspected thero had beon foul play. Witness sometimes entered into conversation on tho subject with Johnson in tho presonco ef his wife, and when- ever Johnson appeared to ho rathor hard pushed, Mrs. Johnson seemed to try to put an end to the conversation. In consequence of his suspicions, witness directed some of tho police to ho in ambush, and keep a watch upon Johnson and his wife. Witness caused a great portion of tho iloor of John- son's hut to bo dug up ; also tho ilroplace, stockyard, pigstye, and cow-bail, to try and lind if tho body had, 'beon buried. Witness afterwards got somo rods bf iron.with which ho searched tho tod of a neigh- bouring creek, by prodding the earth as far as the iron would go down. Before the search was con- cluded, the persons who wero most anxious in it seemed to Johnson ns his greatest enemies. When fresh parties ' carno from Maitland to join in tho search, both Johnson und his wife would get greatly excited, and Johnson, on ono occasion, said ne was greatly astonished that the Maitland puoplo should take such an intorest in it. Tho Hov. W. K. Colyer then deposed that ho v hoad-master of tho West Maitland grammar soho About four years and a-half ago he had an assista teacher in ,tho school named Robert Charles, w was recommended to witness by tho Hov. Thom Smith, of Sydney. Charles came np to Maitland Dècombor, 1805. Ho told witness that he hud soi friends at Stanhope, and as it was tho Christa holidays, witness gavo him permission to go a: epond somo vtimo with them. On tho Thursdi before tho Easter holidays Charles naked for permi sion to go out and visit his friends at Stanhor. Witness gave him permission, with tho understan lng that ho was to return on tho Monday ovenin in order to resumo school duties on Easter Tuesdu On that Thursday night witness paid Charles tl balance due to him on uccount of his salary, abo i l. Charles did not como homo on the Mondi evening, nor . on tho Tuesday, although witne anxiously expected him. On Wednesday witnc received a letter [Marked A] from Johnson, i follows :-" Stanhope, April 30th, I860.-Dear Sir, I am sorry I havo to inform you that Robert Charil went on Monday morning ufter breakfast with tl gun, «nd was not seen since I feel sorry for yoi inconvenience, na ho said ho. was to retui by Monday evening's train. - Tour ohedioi servant, John Johnson." Witness' reported th matter almost immediately to the polico. Burin this week witness received tho following lotte (marked E) from , Johnson :-"Sydney, Juno .2! 1870\. Door Sir,-If I can trouble a- friend to loo after and let mo know anything of importance thu wauld concoi n mo or my family as tho put (sic) vcr sore on mo. Thank God, ho has como to light, ; i is a consolation to those that upheld for mo an family. Robert Charles and mo aro first cousin! Mr. Colyer, bo so kind as to forward to me to (lit. any information or any inquiries that is made, wish you to havo to "to mo (sic) all things per faining to him. Tho gun is mine, fo I gavo Mr. Peebles los. worth of potatoe after I hoard ho asked sergeant Kerrigai for tho valuo of it. Mr. ^.Colyor, please t have all belonging to him sont to mo to . Sydney I would hq up but ray present situution I cannot ge away ns it appeared in Evening News, 28th June Tours, John Johnson." Witness alwuyB believci Johnson in nocont of anything liko foul play in thi matter. Ho could not seo any motive whatever fo foul play. Witness saw a paragraph in the Enaiyi nowspapor,: which stated that Mr. Charles had booi heard of in California. "Witness wont to the office o that paper, and found out that Mr. Thomas Lcdsnn had given tho information on which that paragrapl was based. Mr. Charles was about twonty-oni years old j the description of his appearance in thi Police Gazette (produced) is tolerably correct, excop that witness would estimate Mr. Charles's height a five feet livo inches, and not fivo feet six inches ai stated in tho I'olicc Gazette. . . ' Hr. John Pierce thon deposed: I do not thinl deceased could have shot himself and havo aftorwardi thrown the gun away. Native dogs would have beor more likely to have dragged tho body down hill that .upwards. Ono arm bone was broken, but I coule not say whether it was dono before or after death Tho debris on tho rock, I think, indicates that th( body .hud decomposed there.! Tho. rim of tho ha; wus thero also. The appearances on tho skull could not havo boon. produced by a charge of shot. Thov must havo been produced by a bullet or some solic missile. I do not think tho ramrod of the gun could havo produced such appearances. Janies Dean dopoacd that ho was not in Maitland at the timo whon Mr. Charles was missed ; he heard of it-'after Ko retrirncd. Ile'was then'in ill-health, and ho went to stay at Mr. Poohlcs's, at Stanhope, td recruit his health. Whilo there ho heard of tho missing man, the search, and tho fact that strong suspicion" rested on- Johnson; Witness had known Johnson previously. On one occasion witness wont to Johnson's houso in company with Mr; Pcchlo's. Johnson pointed to tho fireplace, and said it had been dug hp at1 tho suggestion of Mr. Cracknell, hut they found -nothing. He- also said'that witness's flush ?brother-in-law (meaning- Mri John TuckV; had as much ns told' him to his-fach that he (Johnson) .was the murderer.: Johnson said'that he (Mr. Tuck) might- thank his stars that somo one was with him when -he said that, or ho might havo been one. Johnson then said that Charles must have gone away somewhere and shot himself. ? Wit- ness asked if he meant that ho had shot himself by suicido or bv misadventure,': ond'hisreusons. Wit- ness pointed but how unlikely it was' that a young man with a situation to go to, and a watch and a pound in his pocket, should commit suicide.' John- son said that Charles might' have run away, but he thoufrhfc1 he was- comfortable enough with Mr. Colyer,1 and ho had not hoard1-him mako any com- plaints. Witness asked what' motive ? could people suppose ho (Johnson) could havo for killing Charles. 'Jolinson -»'replied, "'None whatever;' what wna a pound or tho watch to him ?" -'Witness ' thori'asked why the people bf-Stanhope had sucha down upon him P . Johnson said it was because ho had not given timely-information to the polico ; hut he said, how could he, .when ho had-1 hoon, out searching in tho hush for two days with Fred Jones, andthat Jones 'had then advised him to go and give information to ; tho police. -Witness then ' expressed a conviction! ; that the mun-he had; scon oh tho* Clarence River] was Charlé», and offered to write. Johnson said it was'of-no use, ns Charles would not bo found. Wit-' 1 ness said you are living under tho stigma of hoing a ' murderer, and when a friend offers to write'to oloarj ' .tho .'matter : up you throw cold -wntor upon it."! ' Witness' then said ho wóuld :writo for 'his own¡ ] satisfaction; " Johnson said ho could do BO i£ho liked. ! Martin-'George Richardson, re-called,-stated -that ! he'hdd given evidence in this ¡inquiry before. He, I was bound-ovor'to appear-again that'morning. He ? loft Nowcnstle' that morning by tho first train. Mr. Mullen was in the¡'Ktme compartment' of' tho train.; ' They. Had "some conversation" together'about tho ! finding of tho'skull, i'' Mr Mullens gavo 'bis-'opinion i ' that tho "man wits shot, nnd not hy his own hand.' 'Al 1 woman who was on. tho other side of tho'cómpart-1 ' ment said it was'ii 'wiso-man' who would prove it. j "[Mr; and Mrs. Johnsoniwero'horo called'in;] That! j woman (Mrc. Johnson) is tho woman who mado that ; remark., «That mun' (Mr. Johnson) sat alongside of : .mein the;compartment,oft the train'.: ,Thp'romnrk' ! was madq'in,!the hearing.¡of ¡Johnson,1 hut ho;said 1 nothing, i,, ...^,:) ...-.i v,.- :, '. ?') <>;;,? / .';:; ,-;',?. ?. John JolinBon dopoBed : I -was ? a farmor, rosirting at Staùhopiii ' aomofour years ago. .". I'khow Hobert Charles:' Ho:_was'"my first cousin. I did' hot'kriow him untilbo'mndd himself known to mo; in the early part-i ofNovember, 'lSOô." I Biipplied' him with-a horse, saddlo,' 'and bridle;1 and' ls: ? to pay,the' toll-bar, when ho went in to soo Mr. Colyer. In Janunry>, 18fi6Isaw him' ii» ihr' us'Mr.; Colyor's house, and saw'him go in;1 i l saw- bim again some-'Bix'orBeven weeks 'afterwards. wHe-l cumo'"tol my' place''on'-a Saturday evening;'I'h'èliove,1 nnd stopped till the foU lowing1 Monday. «He then went'¡babk 'hy the Jtrairii I'did not'seo' hini 'Ugain-boforo Easter;'but T< got a letter to Bay he would ho np to soe mo. Tho next timo I saw him'Wo* On the Thursday1 evoning hefnro Good' .-Friday.'- ' On>'the'-Goddi'.Pridayï !'holievo Charles ,¡was . reading' all- day,' and î'waS'at'my ordinary1 work."-* On tho Saturday; ho: went'ont Bh'ootin-{'..'i;iOn' tho "Sunday 'we 'did ! 'not go'1 to öhuroh.' nor did' Charlas go out to soe the.neighbours thatip know ofi'.- He'was in nil dsiy as far na Ï know; He said he had' to leave -for;Maitland-by the'after noon train'on:Mondny:""In' order to' catoh tha't train ho would have to lea-ve'my house'nbout'twolve'Or bno o'clock.' i.T was 'stimng-that'moThing''about BÍX o'clock. He went out ' shooting with'his Kun b'ofore breakfast. ! Tho:-family . had; their 'hroakiast'about eight o'olóck." > Charles ?w'as not in then, but ho carno in afterwards} nnd had his breakfaat by himself.' .Hà .waa'a^very short time.over his breakfast,''arid I'(heil uaw him tako tho'gun'and go away.1 -Ho was dressed in a: darlp brown''Coat,'i nnd' dark': doeskin trousers'. Ho wnB¡genbrálly'dreBsod-'in dnrk'clothes'.' I'wofw dcrcd that ho did not take his waistcoat'with him. . I was working at eonio hullouk-yokos. AB ho passed rao' Le said, " It Jon were in Ireland, John, what would that piot"»oof wood cost you?' Jaaid, "Fivooriis shillings." He said, "Jfere you can go and ont it for nothing." I was working all the morning in front of tho house at the bullock-yokes. Ile did not work with ms at all that morning. I was splitting that morning about half-past nine, but not earlier. I do not suppose that a person at Parkins's placa could havo thought'.there were two- persons when thero I was only one. - The' only porson who assisted me I that morning was my son Thomas. I was splitting slabs all tho Test of tho day. Whon Charles passed nie after Breakfast he took a northerly direction. He appeared to go up towards Tangorin Mountain. Tho road ¿he took was about thirty or forty rods from Mrs. Parkins's'house. Mrs. Parkins's houso is not a quarter of a milo from my placo. I never told any one in this inquiry that I saw him go beyond Mrs. Purkins's. -I never said X saw him go any other way-than up .thia road. I said so to sergeant Kerrigan, constable Leonard, and some gentlemen from. Maitland. I was always anxious to afford every information to tho parties searching for Mr. Charles. In order to get his dinner «nd go by the train Mr. Charles should have been back by twelve o'clock that morning. He did not come back thou, nor did he como hack that night. He said ho wanted to bo in Maitland by the evening train in order to soo some friend, as the school would open on tho Tuesday morning. I lirst began to think ho was lost on tho Tuesday morning, ? I went over to Rockliffe'!' placo, and told Mr. Rockliffe that Robert Charles went ont on tho Monday morning and had not returned. I said if he was going out shooting I would go along with him. Ho asked if I wis taking i it BO cool aa that. I might havo said J. was sorry to I gs to raise such a hubbub about nothing. I said that us ho and Holland were making ono party, I would go round and make ? a search at Glendon Brook. I might have told Mr. Rockliffe that he might call tho neighbours togother, hut I would not. I said that I did not think it was any use looking for him if ho could not make his way out of tb», bush, for some day when ho (Rockliffe) or some one else were going after cattle they would como across his bones. Why I mado that remark was because one day Charles said he wished ho knew u placo whore ho could go whero no ono wotdd ovor soo him, for hb was tired of this weary lifo. I swear positively ho used those words. ' I did not givo this information beforo, becauso I did not think it was required. Thero was no one clso present whon ho mado uso of those words. We woro in my own paddock ut tho timo. I was out searching on tho . Wednesday. I came into Maitland on tho Thurs- day morning, having called on Mr. Harris, at Branx- ton, on my way. I went to see whether ho had any information, or if ho knew whether I could get a' black trackór in Maitland.. I was out on ono; occa- sion on Tongorin Mountain with constable Gronnan and Mr. Mooney. I may hayo said it wus no-uso looking, for he will. never turn up, but I do not rocolloçt using those words. On E.'Ster Sunday evening I was talking with Charles but wo had .no quarrol. Charles was talking about . a church, and about the rector of the parish of Kildress, Ireland. Charles said that'ho (tho rector) wus ho clergyman. I suidshamo on him to say 'so. Charles said he (tho rector) should have received him (Charles) better when he called upon him for references whon ho was going out to Kew JSaaluhd. Charles said, " Ho (tho rector) know my father and mother very well, but it is the rottenness of tho . church. When he said that tho wife'callod mo away. I thought Charles was weak in. his mind for saying such things. . Thero was no furthor quarrel botween us. Tho reason' I would not agroo that Rockliffe should call tho neighbours to search'for Charles was, because I was unable to recompenso thom for search- ing.- I know constablo Grcnnan, hut I am not quite suro I should kno w him out of his uniform. Grcnnan was collecting the electoral roll in I860. He carno to my place,'and something was said between us as to tho remains of tho missing man not turning, up. Gronnan' carno to .my placo soon aftor tho search was , .given up. I might havo spoken to him in an excited . state, and I might have said that whenever I saw any of those chnps I-wondered what was up." I do not recollect what was suid on that occasion. On tho Monday when Mr. Charles was missing, and on that part of tho Tuesday, I was at my'regulär,1 work. I. was not out searching on those two days. I did hot see Jones until the "Wed- nesday. ' I did not .'.toll Harri» that I had boen searching on Monday, and Tuesday in company with .Jones., , I, know Mr.. James Dean.- Ho was nt Poetics's some timo, after Mr. Charles was missed, I had some conversation with Dean about Charlesj I told dOean that the' neighbours hlamed'mo because I did not givo information earlier. I .did nbt'tcll Mr. Dean that I was Out on tho, Monday and Tuos . day with Jones. I'. know Henry Gurr. Hq assisted in soàrching for Charles,', and ho afterwards went up tho, country. I romomber Gurr asking md whether Thad any word of .my, friend. I told him T hud not. , I did hot tell Gurr that I had .hoard from a friend.in California that Mr. Charles was thero all .right. I know tho. Sandy .Waterhole Creole. I have been up thero some fifty times since Mr.' Charles was .lost. -1, was never in the bod pf the creek before Mr. .-Charles was 'lost;'but I often went tip the ridges on each'sido bf tho', creek. ' I wbrit there afterwards because I thought it was thero his remains would be fonrid. " 'I always' fancied that Charles had committed, suicide.- I took a lively interest in, looking for him oven after tho search] wnè concluded. When Charles. caino',tó]my]plúce on tho. Thursday he brought with; . him somo powder, shot,.and caps. -I always used to keep that gun in ; 'my placo. . I ? had na other fire-' arms whatever. ¡; I: had- no bullets in tho pince. I never fired a- bullet " hut ? ¿nco ?] Binco I was in tho colony, and that was in' 185Ö or 18fi(i. I nover went -outshooting with/bilL-. Ilook nt tho powder-flask* produced,'-and I'.'do ¿ot roniombir eversceing.it; (before. ' I look nfc'tho'cap! box;produced. I roniem-, 'her that-it whs my Own property.-, It was that, or ono like thut. Mr. ..Ohurlbs bsd,'-with him. when ho, ¿wént out 'shooting!, Charles had a particular way of walking. Ho loaned on tho inside of tho hcol* of j .his boots.. ; I look at tho solo produced; . and I think if it had belonged to Charles .it would:have gone, down more at the -sido of' tho hoel.> I look at^tho photograph produced, it resembles - niy cousin. T dook at tho-skull produoed; ; (T oanntit toll whothbr 'it ; : would-;! be' £likov "tho -skull./,; of 'Mr. Charles. ''-Iiis ' hoaa-'flwiw"' »''' Tory' peculiar:' ono. i'lmyo' rood a .book cnllod "Eúgeno Aram." It I often'occurred to me, that Charles was h's likely lol meet his death/by'starvation as;by; any other way,' hiit I thought ho , hud ,committod suiuide for tho,' roasbn I,have betöre given, .and .bacnuse somo.of his ; family' wore'; that way inclined;'.Neither my'wifo. nor any of tho fftmily had any quarrel with Charles. ; I hoveritold tho polico I'did not1 know which wny] Charles went.1 -'I was very poor whbn'I livod «nit' -thero. ' Tho; reason T."wanted' a (-bullett to : shoot' Thunderbolt - if' ho comb was because I had . ft horse; to los'».' I wahtbd1 a ''.bullet to fit tho gun,' and I did: : not 'particularly;want it to shoot Thunderbolt., Ti : nb vor mentioned the conversation .about tho suioido! before ;to-night:'.-I.,never spokor'of it, although I: ; now soe that it is important I swear !. never asked ¡Grénnan.-if ;he had soon Charles's ghost. ' Ibeliovoj .I.was ihitho hut-all» Eostor1! Sunday.' ' I 'nbvor'har-, .bowed Thunderbolt at:;my plnco; I havo''hbnrd: that ho' usod"to' 'go ' to'.other houses furthor' up the( .creek;--"1 '."?"' "o <>.'» ....;' ! -'.'" '", <! »., ". ..' ]';' j 1 '.' Xiiw'rbnco Rockliffe,' hoing 'recalled, {.tated unit ,tío 1 generally ' kept : bullets] in] his' possession.' ' He could' ;not','say" whether, johnson,' overi sent .to him./for/.a ^b'iillétj, a^d',,'afterwnrds,;sent,*.it. backiby .his, boy. { tT'he ^vád produced was.tho BIKO of witness's guuv,:¡-. ¡ '..Al'tbisipóiñt the inquest .was further adjourned.', . "'VOLCANIC' -EnupTrotf liff' .NBW . ZKALANÖ; -Tho! Wellington'' evening pnpor] pf ¡' Junó O ? has',] the, SolUny- ; 'iñg ':-" On tho'L2hd instant! "Dr,"Hootor ' received a ; telegram-' front irr. Pi-jlCthp^'tolcgraphist' lit Kunahga,; informing':hhu:.^ bcca.iu abtäte of ' active oniptioh]'for7'soiho,days; phd tliut.'the red glare j .wn4'visiblo.'frdnilKurianoja: froiù ; Tnpuoehnrnriii- ; ht the '.north '.'end, bf.,;]Tnupó, Lake. '. -YcstbWay;' evening' he irofcoivod] ''aj.fiirth.cr. .telegram, . Btdtiñj» that thb.'ißarhp iiinbroising. nntl.that. á' souhil like'thunder1 i*'distinctly^^ héavd atTn'ptméhivríiru] and occasionally evoir 'at'.'ÍRunaUgáj'wKióh.ia' situWt'ea,,fifty ! milrsi'/'in) a diroot' line friinr'Tpnjpilrirb'.,'] Thb]tlslçgrnm . Irijitestliaf thorp afp two, points nf eruption, ohe'on !tlio j top .'and "th« 'other' bri ' 'ono ' sido of tho mountain, by which" is .''meant; ho doubt,, no(¡' Tongariro proper, hut ! tho'inore'recent 'and, lofty cóuo bf] Ngriruhoo.], Dr. j Hcctbr]-'irifo'rnis';u'B''that' .in 'January Inst thoi-o appears j tà'hàvo'hoon.'à''}lfBoharge of .hot ashes which melted ; tito snow '. where "-they .foll 'on tho '.slopes' .of '.Run- j pohu,' ohdr':thnt'in' October a, red glow was observed tb be reflected ' from tho' clouds overhanging tho cono. ! In. .1807, t)ie .natives told him that.in tho month of May in that year, llames wore so'en ]to issue from ?Npiurühbb;'.'attended by. nn erúptloii bf' 'ashes'which reached'as far'north'as Henomaia, thirtyrlive luilos iii n. straight lino' covering thc ground with a white dust liUe'snow.' 'Tlió last marked eruption attended by loud hotscYwhloh tho natives reportedwns in 1805, wheu tho Taupd'distriot, and. even'the water of, tho lake,' wero covered witli BCVeral inches of black' dust. Tho]Bhbwbrs Of ]ashcs that on this occasion' fell into ' tho ltótoáiru, a shiall ] Uko '.between the volcano and. Taupo wore ] so denso os'to poison the fish. .Judging from .tho nbovo inf ormation;'the present eruption apjicars to bb 'moró violent', than 'any ;of the abovc-mbbtioncd,' niid uiäy, p'dkh'fipB,' bo,'attended, with a dischargo bf lavn] '(\vhich has]hovorprbvibdiily been observed in connection with thia volcano. 