EMU CREEK GOLD-FIELD. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] June 5. — Early on Wednesday morning heavy rain set in, and at about 8 a.m. Emu Creek, usually dry, was nt a height only equalled on tlio memorable 20th January, 1S07, when tlio whole of the lower (north) part of George-street was submerged. This time the rain continued lionvily downpouring till Into on Wednesday night, then changing into milder strain, hut not abating till Friday morning, when sovoro cold succoodod, with piercing wind. Tho southern muil started for hero from Young on the 1st inst. nt 8 a.m., and should have' arrived hero at 3.30 p.m., but tho roads and creeks were in such a dreadful slate that ii. was delayed lill yesterday at 5 p.m. The Cowrn mail, due Iwre at (i a. in. on the Is'., I'linie as far as BoiubuhliT, but, 9 seems cn.Jd in-t pass tlio immensely swolien creek, the coneli pas sengers arrived hero on lioi'soback 011 tlio 2nd, but pooplu assort that tlio creek on tlio provious day was not such a width hut that the mailbags might huvo been thrown over from one sido to tlio other with snlety. Otir old conclidrivor "George" o lie rut 1 to bring in the mail from Bombaldry, if ho wore supplied with horse's-. As tliero soumod no visible causo for delay, wo naturally oxpected to soo the mail arriving by tho agency of the contractor every minute, but woro disappointed. Tlio Sydnoy mail, duo hero on tho 1st inst. ntG a.m., was defivored fifty-oight hours beyond time, and seemingly without sufficient cause for such extended delay. Tho Postninstor- General ought to onquiro into thoso mattors, as tho Cowra mail- contractor is always very remiss in his engagements as to delivery of mails. I must also state that tho Sydnoy mails iluo yes terday nt 0 11.111. and this day G a.m., (it being now after 2 p.m.) havo not yet arrived. For tho 11011- iirrival of the first there exists no oxeuso whut- 0 vor. Tho wot has nffcctod all tho alluvial ground here, ami all shafts aro vory insecure, and will require not only extra work-in sinking extra shafts, hut in slabbing thorn. As heavy timber will be wanted to support tho ground, not only loss of labour and time, but likewise gront out lays will have to bo incurred. Owing to tho wet, carting, wnsbing up, and working on tlio old leads is a mattor of impossibility. 1 torso forage is not to be liuil forlovo or money, and a bag of Hour is a godsond. Wo luivo any quantity of candidates for tlio Southern Gold-Holds : — Messrs. G. Al. Stephen, T. F. do Cotirey Browne, W. Rodman, solicitor (formerly member for Quoanboyan), E. Baker, the late member, nnd Joseph AlcUonncll, nt least so rumour will have it. And, I may say, should tho latier gentleman consent to stand, lie cer tainly possossos all in his favour for n sale rein rn ; in fact, I do not think any of tho others would npposo liim. Air. AlcConnell is partner in tho firm of AlcConnell anil Co., storekeepers lioro, and has boon identified with tho digging interest, both hero and in Victoria, over since his urrivul in tho colonios, and is, therefore, thoroughly conversant in mining matters. Ho is greatly respected throughout tho community for liis integrity, , upriglitnoss, and honesty. His advice in all matters of critical or unusual import is often solicited and acted upon, oven by thoso who would doproeuto his worth, and it is not too much to say that, should ho win tho seat, ho will fairly, honestly, and disinterestedly represent us, and not steal our birthright to soli it in 11 short space of timo, us our Into niombor did, for a mess of pottago. It must bo roinom- licreil that tho country pays tho Commission to do certain work, and .should not permit a Com missioner to abandon his (ask, and go canvassing with public money, which was voted for a high and important public duty. =================== Mr. A. G. SitAnroiiTir, J.P. — Wo aro glad to loarn that Air. A. G. Shndforth has boon ap pointed by tlio mcmbors of tho now Gold Com mission to bo thoir secretary. Air. Shadforth will probably loavo Yass for Sydney onrly noxt week, 'i'ho salary, wo boliove, will bo two guineas and a half per day. SUDDEN DEATH. — INQUEST. — An inquest was held yesterday at the Globe Hotel, Yass, before the district coroner (Dr. Blake) touching the death of an elderly man named Richard Strong, who died very suddenly last Wednesday evening. The following is the evidence taken at the in- quest: — Edward Dea deposed: I am a labourer working on the road about four miles from Yass; I was only engaged by Mr. Hammond, the con- tractor, last night; deceased was employed on the same works ; he did not appear to be alto- gether well yesterday ; he was up and about through ; was in bed when I retired to bed about nine o'clock : I slept in the same tent with deceased ; about midnight I heard the deceased moaning; he sat up in his bed; he said a good many times that he was sure he would die; I asked him what was wrong, but he made no answer; he walked towards the door and seemed to stagger; I jumped up and called on my mate to help me to put him in his bed again ; we then put him in his bunk, but he would not re- main there; he would sit upright; after a few minutes he threw himself down near where I was lying ; I spoke to him, but he only culled out for Mr. Hammond, saying that he was dying, and that he knew he would die ; I left him for a minute or so ; he then began to kick convul- sively ; I called to my mate and said deceased was dying; I ran and called Mr. Hammond, who came at once, but deceased was then dead. To the foreman : Deceased was perfectly sober when I first met him. To the coroner : He was sober from the time I first saw him until he died. — John Hammond deposed : I am a road con- tractor; the deceased was in my employment ; he had been with me since the 27th ult. ; he was working up till Tuesday night last; I did not see him at his work on Wednesday, but when I saw him about it he said that his chest was bad, but that he would be able to go to work again the next day ; he appeared cheerful and well when we went to bed last night at nine o'clock; I was called up about midnight by Edward Dea, the last witness, who said deceased was dying ; I got up at once ; when I got to deceased's tent he was dead ; I informed Mr. sub-inspector Brennan of Strong's death this morning; de- ceased was a sobor man. To a juror : I am not aware whether deceased ever took any medicine for his complaint. To the police : I believe deceased was from Bristol ; he had no property ; there is not any money or wages of deceased's in my possession.— Morgan O'Connor deposed : I am a duly qualified medical practitioner residing in Yass ; there is no appearance whatever on the body of the deceased at present which would lead me to state definitely the cause of his death ; nor is there anything in the depositions which I have heard read. — The jury at this stage requested that a post mortem examination might be held, and for that purpose the coroner adjourned the inquest for an hour and a half. On the resumption of the enquiry, Dr. O'Connor further deposed : I have made a post mortem examination of the body of the deceased ; on opening the chest I found both lungs diseased, the left one being nearly obliterated ; the heart was very much enlarged and diseased; the substance of the heart broke in my fingers on touching it; deceased died from fatty degeneration of the heart; the brain, liver, and stomach of the deceased appeared perfectly healthy ; the stomach was quite empty ; there was no trace of alcohol in it. In accordance with thoe medical evidence the jury found the verdict of death from fatty degeneration of the heart. The Ferry over the Yass River. — Lust Tues day ovoning wo were called upon by 0110 of tho men otnploycil to row tho boat 011 tho Yuss Rivor, who denied tho accuracy of a short puragraph that uppoarcd in that day's paper stating that ono of tho boatmen had boon dismissed for giving insolence to ono of tho pnssengors. Ho was also particularly anxious to impress upon us tliii alleged fact that, lie had paid £1 to the Yass correspondent of a Goulburn nowspapor to con tradict tho paragraph in quostion.- Tho state ment that tho 1111111 was dismissed, wo now under stand, originated in 0110 of tho men having boon shortly after the occurroiioo referred to removed from tlio boat for sovoral hours. With rogurd to tho language uttorcd by tho boatman wo now assort; tho fact that it was not only im proper, but disgustingly so, and if tho man who used it was not dismissed ho most assuredly on. 'I it, to huvo been, nnd vory likely would havo boon hud the porson to whom it was said re ported tho circiimstnnco to Air. Whiteside, tho enginoor in eliargo of tho bridgo works. The English Mail, per ss. Alalia, will bo closod at tho Gonoral Tost Offico, Sydnoy, on Wodnosday, tlio loth instant. Lottors must be posted in Yass by noon of Tuosday, tho 14th in stant, at latest. State op tub Roads. — Botwoon tho Ilunio Inn (Mr. Ponrso's) nnil tho O'Brien Bridge toll-bar tho stuto of tho mnin roail is said to bo in a very bnd condition. A day or two ago it took a team donblo-banlod moro than thirteen hours to go throo milos on tho othor sido of Poars'o's, and on Tuesday tho mail from Sydney was late in con sequence of tho hopeless condition of 111 till and bog in which that portion of tho road is allowed to remain. Tup. WEATiir.ii «im-.> Tuesday last has boon variable, as regards rain, though uniformly cold. On Monday night a good deal of snow full in tho district; in soin ' places, csn ially at tho Gap and at Cavan, it was several inches deep. Tub late Arcrmss of the effects of Mr. Edwards anil of Mr. Poole caused quito a stir at tho comoncomont of tho wcok. Very good pricos wero realised, and money seemed tolerably plentiful. Yass Mutual Improvement Society. — A special gonoral meeting of this society took placo at tho Mechanics' Institute 011 Wednesday evening last. Tho attendance of mombors was good and several now nnmos wero proposod. Tho rules framed by tho snb-committoe wero confirmed, and sonio now ones addod. Tho election ol officers re sulted as follows Presidont, Br. Campbell ; vico-prosidont, Mr. J. Mulholland ; secretary, Mr. John B. Gibson. Committee — h'ov. John Gibson, and Mossrs. Groavos, Phillips, Mosos, and Shaw. Tho bnsirtoss ot tho noxt evening will bo an Inaugural addross by the president, and recitations by Messrs. Gibson, Giles, Moses, Martin, and othors. Tut; Yass South urn Pastoral and Agiii- cui.tural Association. — Tho ndvortisod mooting of tho committoo of tho abovo society, which should havo been held yesterday, at noon, lapsed through thoro not being a quorum. There was a good dual of business of an important nature to transact, which has thus boon again postponed. Tho ploughing match, wo presume, will come oil' soino timo during tho Greek calends. Narrow Escape with the Escort at the Crossing- place. — When tho gold oscort from Young .arrived at tho crossing-placo ovor tho Yass Rivor at about sovon p.m. last Tuesday, tho driver fortunately nskod two of tho con stables to got out of tho couch and go over by tho girdors, which they accordingly did. As soon as tho coach entered the river, the wheels on 0110 side sunk deep into tho mud, and it would liavo certainly boon capsized had it not boon for tho great coolness displayed hy tho drivor, Goorgo Miller. Souior-coustublo Gibbous was tho only othor person in tho coach. Tho wator at tho timo was well up to tho body of tho coach. Lands Oppice. — Yosterdny tho following soloc- tions wero inado at tho Court-house, Yass : — Parish ofBoatnbolo, county of .Murray, 50 acros, Androw Bullinan ; parish of Crookwcll, county of King, -10 acres, James \\\T1r11 ; parish of Cavan, c'ounty of Cowloy, 10 acros, Duncan WoFarlimo. Tho abovo woro selected under tho 21st suction of tho Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1801. Appointment. — In accordance with tho Super annuation Aot of 1801, Mr. Harold Macloan, Sheriff, has boon appointed ono of tho Super annuation Fund Commissioners, vice Fitzpatrick, rotired from tho public sorvice. The Municipality op Forres. — Tho 28th inst. has boon notiliod as tho dato for tho holding of tho first olcction of aldermen and ofiieo-bearors for tho now municipality of Forbes. Mr. It. Cullon has boon nominated roturning-olliecr. Intercolonial Postage. — His Excollency tho Governor, with the advice of tho Executivo Council, has boon pleased to outer into arrango- monts with tho Governments of Victoria, South Australia, and New Zealand, under which tho ratos of postage on soa- horno letters passing bo- twoon Now South Walos and tlioso colonies will, 011 and from tho 1st July next, ho reduced to 3d. por half-ounce. The Capture op the Bushranger Power. — Last Sunday morning tho bushranger Power (as reported in our telegraphic intelligence in last issue) was captured hy tho Victorian police. It appoars that dutootivo superintendent Nicolsou, inspector Hare, sorgouut Montford, and a black trnckor etlbctcd tho capture of the outlaw in a bark gunyab in tho ranges nt tho head of tho King River, about thirty milos from Wangaratta. IIo was cscortod into Wangaratta, and brought up boforo tho local police court on tho following morning, when ho pleaded guilty to a charge of highway robbery, and was remanded to Booch- wortb. It is said that 011 being arrested, ho ox- pressed his sorrow at not having "riddlod" tho nollc.e. IIo had been at libori.v sinco bis osoano from Pcntridgo for more than iiftoon months. Household Furniture. — Purtios inquiring elogant and superior Household Furniture, Ac., aro requested to withhold thoir purchases until tho Sale of tho Furnituro and E libels belonging to Mrs. Hurley, of tho Royal Hotel, Bitrrowti, takos placo, tho Aito of which, with full particu lars, will shortly be announced. — W. F. Weuii, Auctioneer. — Advt. , Flood at Coivra. — Another flood has occurred in tho Laohlnn. On Friday lust, tho rivor roso six inches higlior than tho great flood of 1801, and within two I'uot six inches of tho underside of tho chord of tho bridge. — Telegram to Empire. Flood Dwellings. — Much has boon said rolulivo to the noeessity of insisting on tho movomont of tho settlors from Hooded districts, or requiring thoso who insist on living below the llood mark to occupy houses that will lift them abovo tho waters, and diminish if not altogether extinguish the risk incurred by residents in such districts. Travollors and readers aro quito awaro that archicocts in othor lands subject to Hoods have litted tho inhabitants with homos suited to their lieods. Wo hoar of houses built 011 piles, doscribod as storks in tho distanoo ; and aro given to understand that llioy nllbrd all tho safety that could ho reasonably expected under tho circumstances. Hithorto 110 architect has vonturod to plan a houso on stilts such as would bo applicable to our caso. Wo now call attention, howovor, to tho mannor in which Mr. O. Mayos, O.E., of Pitt-street, proposes to render tho dwollors in tho low lands superior to Hood waters. Thoy aro to livo abovo thorn, in fraino houses fitted lip with ovory attention to comfort, sup ported upon a strong earth sunk frame-work of any longth suitahlo to their circumstances. Thus a four-roomed house 28 foot by 30 or tlioroabouts may ho built for about £250, safe and convenient. Tho approach to it is hy a strongly framed inclin ed piano, which is convortiiblo into a punt. It is surprising that no ono thought of this branch ofbusinoss boforo, and wo doubt not that Mr. Mayos will moot with much oncourngomont in carrying out his seasonablo proposition. — S. 21. Herald. Monster Squatting Concern.— Tho Rocl- hamp- ton Bulletin statos that applications liavo boon rnado to tho Govonnnont by tho Bank of Now South Wales for tho instruments of lensoofa number of rims on tho Peak Downs, comprising about 420 sqnaro milos of country. Tho lonso will bo issuod for a term of twonty-ono years, and they compriso what tho unctiouoors doscribo as tho " pick of Peak Downs." An Valorem Duties — In a long article which tho S. 21. Herald has on tho abovo subjoct tho following aro tho concluding remarks ''Thoro aro noarly fifty mombors in a Houso which at tho present timo consists of but soventy (two sonts being vacunt)— declaring thomsolvos in opposi tion to tho ud valorem duties, and only one to speak a word in their favour. Undor tho circum stances it was not to bo wondered that tho Govornmont, substantially reproduced its form or fiscal policy. On tho 17th Februury last, Mr. Samuel proposed to ro-borrow £100,000 to consolidate tho deficiency loan, to got £55,000 additional from stamps, and to givo up tho ud valorem duties, mid tho Govornmont received tho uniform support of ton or twolvo of tho mombors who expressed 110 decided opinion nt the elections (so far, as wo can ascortuin from tho records now at hand) in rogard to tho fiscal policy proposod. Mr. Aloxandor, Mr. Boll, Mr Cummius, Mr. Dillon, Mr. Drivor, Mr, Eckl'ord, Mr. Fallon, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Kelly, Mr. Osborne, wero considered to bo staunch sup porters of tho Government. But thoro hug boon no fiscal reform 1 It will bo soon that lion, mombors. almost to a man, would readily expunge the ud valorem dutius from the statute book; ami, if this course be not taken in the en suing session, it will bo little to t.ho credit of the House, and show that appeals may bo mado to the constituencies without any good result. Reliee roil the Sufferers at Aiiai.ukn. — In the recent interview which our representative (Mr. W. Kelly,) had with tlio Premier, the sum of £401) was promised for relief of tho Kullbrors at Araliimi, hy in soino mens lira afford ing employment to tliu numerous hands thrown out of work, ft is quito certain that that sum will have to ho supplemented owing to tho disastrous floods which at tho momentof writing aro ravaging Aralnon. Some delay uroso in at once appropriating tho amount, tho Govornmont wishing to have before it tho consideration of all such claims boforo appropriating the money, lest any injustice might ho done. Can anything bo moro pourilo than such an excuse, for tlio people do not ask for broad but tlio means of earning it. "Livo horse, and you shall got grass when tho spring tiino comes." Such is tanta mount to tho language of tho Govornmont to famishing hundreds. Puronts retire to rest upon half-gratified appetites in order to supply tho demand of their half- starving children, wliilo tho honourable Charles and his colleagues rovol in all the luxuries of a woll-siippliod tublo. It would bo woll if tlio Ministry at this moment would adopt, as thoir inotto — bis da I qui eito dat. — braulwood hiberal. "THUNDERBOLT ON VIEW." — A correspondent of the S. M. Herald calls attention to the indecor- ous treatment of the dead body of the late bush- ranger, Thunderbolt, in the following words : "The man was shot on Wednesday, the 25th inst., and the two local papers, published on the following Saturday morning, informed their readers that the body would not he buried until Saturday, " so that any who wished may see it in the meantime." In point of fact, the burial was postponed until Sunday, in order to afford the officer in charge of the police an opportunity of seeing the body. This may have been a necessary though unpleasant duty of inspection, and the presence of a photographer can also be understood, but what can justify the advertise- ment to the general public, that " Thunderbolt was on view." The body, having been fully in- dentified, and ordered for burial, represented no longer Thunderbolt the thief, but the mortal remains of Frederick Ward, who may possibly have father, mother, sister, or brother in existence." The Late Mr. Parsons, the Eccentric Barrister. — Tho life of Mr. Parsons, the bar rister, has found a patliotic termination. Tho deliberation with winch tlio suicide was planned and perfected, tho choice of tho locality, tlio information ho convoyed to tho police, and tho forethought lie exhibited with rospcct to tho prompt recovery of tho body, aro additional illustrations of that " method in mildness " which is one of tho perplexities of psychologists, and which sooms to 'indicate tho concurrent and .collateral operation of two processes in tho mind — tho 0110 sound and logical, and tho other aberrant and deranged. For many years past tlio eccentricities of Mr. Pursons's conduct liavo excited a certain amount of public comment, owing to his publication of nuinorous lottors anil pampiilets roHoeting upon persons and institu tions. But it was not ditlicult to detect, under lying his strictures, ovid'encos of keen senso of right, and of an impotent revolt against wrong, wliicli gave Ibroo and bitterness to bis protests and denunciations, and extorted from those who laughed at both that feeling of rospcctful com miseration which is inspired by some of Don Quixote's loftily designed but' disastrously onding exploits. We can imagiuo Mr. Parsons exclaiming, with Hamlet — " Tlio world is out of joint, O, cursed spito That ovor I was born to set it right 1 and Mien, wlion lie found how feeble and in effectual was tlio wnrl'aro which ho wanted to carry on against whatever seemed irreconcilable with his ideal of truth and justice, yielding to a sentiment of despair, and resolving that ho would ho 110 longor " stretched upon tlio rack of this rough world." No doubt the disorder of his mind caused him to exaggerate tho evils with which ho found himself surrounded ; no doubt he missed " tho primo wisdom" Milton spunks of; and neglected Sydney Smith's philosophy of "short views;" hut nil harsh judgments upon his life and its tragic ending must lie restrained hy tho rolluctiou that tlio best of us know next to nothing of the subtle workings of partial insanity in the brain, or of how far the highest activity of the conscience may bo compatible with the oxistonco of montal disease, or conducive, in men of certain temperaments, to the production of that disease. Mr. Parsons was admitted to tlio English bar in 1811; lie arrived in tlio colony in 1858, and was admitted to tlio Victorian bur :u May of that year. No was an able conveyancer, and at ono timo did a good business ; but his oeoontrioitius interfered greatly with his pro- spocts. In 1804 lie opposed Mr. Francis for tlio representation of the borough of Richmond in tho Assembly, hut only polled a few votes. Ho again announced himself ns a candidato for tlio same place in 1807, but retired from tlio contest boforo tlio day ol'olection. Oflntoliis peculiarities liavo beeomo nioro marked, and his unfortunate pecuniary position preying on his mind, lins 110 doubt developed that disease of tho brain from which those who know him best always susncctcd him to lio suH'uring. Mr. Parsons was a inarriod. 1111111\. and lias loft u widow and grown-up family. Australasian. The Rkirey-Blomfield Scandal in Tasmania. — The following telegrams from Launccston ro- for to tho progress of tlio abovo case: — On tlio 1st instant, at tlio Civil Sittings of tho Tasinaniim Suproino Court, at Launceston, tho great scandal caso of Archdeacon Roibey v. Bloinlield was going on, and causing a great amount of sensa tion. Tho Solicitor-Gonorul, Mr. Isaacs, ap peared for tho plaintiff, and tho Attoriioy-Gonoral, Mr. Douglas, for tho defendant. Tlio Bishop of Hobart Town was accommodated with a seat 011 tho bench. His lordship was examined at length respecting conversations ho had had with tlio plaintiff. Many objections woro raised by the pluiutilf to tlio ovidonco in cross-examination. The Attorney-Gonoral mado a fine speech in opening for tho dofonco, recounting all the details of tho alleged assaults, which wero of 11 vory sensational cliaructor. IIo was cheered at its close, but tlio upplauso was immediately sup pressed. Mrs. Margarot Blomlield was ox- aminod at great length, and stated that 011 two occasions, onco ut Futility and onco at her hus band's residence, Strulhmorc, improper over tures hud boon made to her by tlio archdeacon. On tho following day Mrs. Blomlield was cross- oxamined. Tho cross-oxainination occupied two hours and a half, eliciting some furthor details of what took placo at Striitliinoro. She said Mr. lteiboy put his arm round her waist, ontroutod her to consent, and behaved in a most indocont mannor. She pushed him oil', and desired him to lcavo tlio room. Sho admitted having onco kissed Mr. Reiboy in Juno, at Fatally. IIo was tulking of her children, and said how happy she ought to bo, and how sorry I10 was that ho had none, lie called lior his dear child, and asked her to kiss liini,. which she did. She had known him to kiss lior sister onco, and thought there was no harm in it. Aftor a long examination as to Mr. Reiboy's position whon ho asked her to consent, sho said he leanod upon lior, and had ono arm round her waist. Sho did not soroain or toll hor sister, who came shortly after, as sho wanted to toll her husband first, and told lior husband that night. Mr. Blomlield, tlio doiondunt, examined, detailed his interview with Mr. Roibey when lie wont to domaiid an explana tion. Mr. Roibey bogged forgiveness, and said lie would resign Lis archdeaconry and loavo tlio colony. Mr. Blomfiold was tho last witness for tho dofonce. Tho pluiutilf them culled rebutting ovidonco, Archdoucon Roibey, oxuminod, said that when on a visit to Strntlimoro Mrs. Blom lield wit upon his knee, kissed him, and ho kissed her; but lie solemnly denied tliat there was any indecent or criminal act. Tlio verdict. I'ur tlio dul'oiidaiit, given by tlio jury 011 tlio i'ollowiiig day, was received with loud cheering. Economy in the Government Printing Office. "J— ' Tho Gbidhura Herald, has the following sugges tions with reference to reducing tlio expenses of publishing the Government Gazelle: — Tho cost of the ( loeernmenl Gazelle might, lie most materially diminished if it were issued hut once a week and if its objects were more limited and its circula tion greatly restricted. At present benches of magistrates and many public officials, including post inasl crs and poiindkocpeiv, regularly receive free copies. New tlio Gazelle is not noted as tlio most interesting of publications ; and when people receive it regularly and without cliargo it is quito possible that thoy may overlook the ono or two notices which in tho course of a year happen to relate to 'their own departments." If, however, it were tlio rule not to send tho Gazelle to any official except when it contained sonio 'notification all'ecting his own duties, then tho very fact of his receiving a copy would tell him that thoro was something to be looked for, while tlio number of copies, issued would bo probably only a titlio of tlio present circulation. Tlio objects ol tlio Gazette might also bo restricted. There is no reason why Acts of Parliament should bo printed as supplements. Those who require copies ol these Acts should pay for them without tho assistance of tlio ordinary subscribers to tlio Gazelle. Proclamations of his Excolloncy tlio Govonior and all official appointments might ho continued. But advertisements calling for ton- dors for supplies, for works, and for" mail-con tracts, advertisements of land sales, and many other notices which it is found absolutely neces sary to insert in tho public newspapers might well ho discontinued in tho Gazelle. Thoro aro some notices which tlio law requiros to bo in- sorted — or as it lias been luippily expressed, cntoinbod— in tlio Gazelle ; and of course theso would still havo to appear until for other reasons a proposal to ninond tho law wero brought for ward, when tho compulsory ontombmont might be abolished in favour of the publicity which an advertisement in an ordinary newspaper would afi'ord. THE LATE BUSHRANGER THUNDERBOLT — Of Thunderbolt's early history little is known, beyond that he is a native of the colony and was born at Windsor about the year 1812. His parents resided there for some years, his father being a farm labourer. The latter afterwards went into the employ of Mr. Gorrick, of Mait- land, and the boy attended the Church of Eng- land school in that town for some years. Like many other natives of his class he commenced his early career with horse breaking, then horse sweating, and ultimately horse stealing, for which crime he was convicted and sentenced at Mudgee, in 1858, to be confined in Cockatoo for a period of ten years. Owing to his good conduct while on the island he got liberated on a ticket of leave, and proceeded again to Mudgee, where the witness Pearson says he made his acquaintance. Prison life appears not to have effected any salutary improvement in his morals, as he is said to have associated himself with a notorious family named Garbutt, and shortly after eloped with a married woman from the district. He was recaptured by the police for infringing his ticket of leave, and again consigned to Cockatoo with a view to serve the remainder of his sentence. The first place he is known to have stuck-up when he commenced the line of business was the Spread Eagle on the Maitland road, and it was here he acquired the name of Thunderbolt. In the month of September, 1863, in company of another prisoner named Britain, he managed to effect his escape in some way never known to the authorities, and shortly after appears to have commenced his career as a bushranger. It was about this time he had the encounter with sergeant Grainger and constable Reynolds, when he got wounded in the knee. Singular enough the spot whore Ward terminated his career as a bushranger should be near the Split Rocks where he commenced it. In com- pany with three other bushrangers, he proceeded to stick up stations and travellers in quick succession, until he was encountered by senior- constable Dalton and his party at Millie, when one of the party of bushrangers — a man named John Thomson — was wounded and captured. It was about this time he appears to have taken up with the half-caste Mary Ann, who, in his com- pany, was hunted from the Narren country and Nandower ranges by the police, by whom they were constantly being fired at and chased. After Mary Ann got arrested and sentenced as a vagrant, he appears to have left the districts of New England and Liverpool Plains and paid a visit to the Western district, as the next we hear of him is on the Goulburn River, accompanied by a gin, who died in his camp. On being driven from that locality, he again paid a visit to the Northern district, where he has ever since been harboured by his sympathisers— sometimes at the head of tho Macintyre and Bundarra rivers— sometimes at the Little River and the outskirts of Urulla, as well as in many places in the district of Liverpool Plains. We believe he had two married sisters residing in New England. From the time when his name came prominently before tho public on the occasion of his conviction and escape from Cockatoo Island, up to the time of his death, he has been guilty of so many robberies, that it would be difficult to enumerate them.—Armidale Telegraph. SALE AND DEATH OF A CHILD AT GEELONG.— Dr. Forster Shaw, the coroner for the Geelong dis- trict, was engaged last week, at Geelong, in in- vestigating a somewhat remarkable case, the particulars of which, as disclosed by the evi- dence, are as follows : — On the 17th ult., a Mrs. Gange, a young married woman, who has been separated from her husband for the past two years, was delivered of a male child, of which, it was stated in evidence, that Mr. Peevor, in- spector of sheep, was the father. She was at- tended by a Mrs. Davidson, who acts as mid- wife; and Mrs. Gange, not being in circum- stances enabling her to keep the child, suggest- ed that it should be given to her for a lady in Melbourne, who had no family of her own, and who would bring the child up with care and kindness. This Mrs. Gango agreed to, and the child was taken from her on the day after its birth. Instead of being sent to Melbourne, however, it was given to a Mrs. Fairbrother, residing in Spring-street, Ashby, who had shortly before had a miscarriage, but was anxious to keep this from her husband and represent the child as her own. With this intention, she had previously gone about "made-up" in such a manner that she certainly appeared enceinte. The day the child was brought to her she took to her bed, and on her husband coining home, repre- sented to him that the child was her own. She had no milk for it, however, and the child, be- came ill, and Dr. Sibley was sent for. He at once suspected something, and told Mrs. Fair- brother the child was not hers, which she admit- ted, but implored him to keep her secret. The real mother also came to hear where the child was, and visited the house, the result being a sort of a scene. The unfortunate child with two mothers had been baptised and registered in the name of Edward James Fairbrother ; but being denied its natural nourishment, it became ill, and finally died of convulsions, and hence the inquest, when these curious particulars were elicited. The case altogether is a remarkable one, but the jury returned a verdict of death from natural causes. — Daily Telegraph. ' Representation or the Southern Goi.d-Fiei.ds. — Wo hour from various quurtors that in tho course of a few days it is tho intention of Mr. Francis Ncylan O'Brien, lato candidnto for North- uniberliuid, to procood to tho Sonthorn Gold- Fiolds, in complinnco with a numerously signed requisition asking him to contest tho roprosent.a- ; tion of that electorate. Dir. Lucas and Mr. I llnssal havo been named as his oppononts. Mr. ' G. M. Stephen has also nnnouncod himself as a 1 candidato, so that Mr. Baker is likoly to liavo an arduous contest. - -8. 21. Herald, \ IIoi.i.oway's Ointment and Pills.— Ghost and Stomach Complaints. — Tho sourco and centre of almost, every ailment is impurity of the blood ; dislodge this poison, and disease departs. Hollo- way's pills exercise tho inestimahlo power of thoroughly cleansing eacli component part of tho blood, 'ami rendering this lluid lit to pe\form its important functions. Thoy copo most success fully with chest diseases, stomach complaints, liver disorders, and many other maladies, which were once tho besetting dangers of mankind at certain seasons in town and country. Tho directions for use enable ovory 0110 to regulato tlio operation of these pills with tho grcatost nicety. Chronic invalids, nervous sull'erors, and all whom other trcatmont has failed to roliovc, are respectfully invited to try Llolloway's colobrated medicine, which will strengthen und cure tlicm. Maravilla Cocoa. — For Breakfast. — Tho Globe Hnyo — "Various importers and manufacturers havo attempted to attain a reputation for their prepared Cocoas, hut wo doubt whether any thorough success had been achieved until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered the extraordinary qualities of ' Maravilla' Cocoa. Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this finest of nil species of tho Thoobroma, they hnyo produced an article which superscilos every other Cocoa in tho market. Entire solubility, n delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of tho purest elements of nutrition, distinguish tlio Maravilla Cocoa abovo all others. For homoeopaths and invalids wo could not recommend a moro agreeable or valuable bovorago." Sold in packets only hy all Grocers, of wliom also may ho had Taylor Brothers' Original Honueopathic Cocoa and Solnblo Chocolate. Stoain Mills — Brick Lane, Loudon. 