1 Hadn't no Mother* ' Mayn't I stay, ma'am ? I'll work, cot wood, go for water, and do all your erranda.' The troubled eyes of the apeaker were filled with teara. It wa8 a lad that stood, one cold day in winter, at the outer door of a pottage on a bleak moor in Scotland. The snow bad been falling very fast, and the poor boy looked cold and hungry. ' You may cotne in, at any rate till my husband 'comes home. There, sit down by tbe fire J you look perishing with cold and she drew a chair up to tbe warmest corner; then, suspiciously glancing at the boy from the corners of her eyes, she continued setting tbe table for supper. Presently came the tramp of heavy boots, and the door was swnng open witb a quick jerk, and the husband entered wearied witb bis day's work. A look of intelligence passed between his wife and bimeelf. He looked at tbe boy, but did not seem very well pleased; he nevertheless made him -come to tho tabic, and was glad to see bow heartily he ate his supper. Day after day passed, and the boy begged to.be kept ' until to-morrow,' so the good couple, after due consideration, concluded tbat, as long as ho was suoh a good . boy, and woiked so willingly, they would keep him. Ono day, in tbe middle of, winter, a pedlar who often traded at . the cottage called, and after disposing of several of bis goods, was preparing to go, when he said to tbe woman - ' You bave a boy out tbere splitting wood, I see,' pointing to the yard. ' Yes : do yoa know him ?' ' I have seen him,*' replied. tbe pedler. 'Wnerer vvnowner wnatis.ner ' A jail bird ;''and the pedler swung bis pack over his shouldor. ' Tbat boy, young ai-he looks, I saw in^court myself, and heard bim sentenced— ' Ten months.' You'd do well . to look carcfully after him.' Oh I there was something dreadfnl in the word 'jail!' The poor woman trembled as she laid away the things she bad bought of tbe pedler ; nor oould she be easy till she called the boy in, and assured bim that she know that dark part of bis history. Ashamed and distressed, tbe boy bung down hia head. His ohecks were red with hot blood, and his lips quivered. ' Well,' he muttered, his wholo frame shaking) ' there's no use trying to do better; everybody bates and despises me; nobody cares about me.'' ' Tell me ' said the woman, how oame you to go so young to that dreudlul placer Where )3 your mother ?' ' Oh 1 exclaimed the boy, with a burst of grief tbat was terrible to behold 1 ' Oh 1 I hadn't no mother 1 I hadn't no mother ever sinoe;I waB a baby 1 If I'd only had a mother,' he continued, while tears gushed from bis eyes, 'I wouldn't bavo been bound out, and kicked, and ouffed and horsewhipped. I wouldn't bave been saucy, and got knocked down, and run away, and then stole because I was hungry. Oh 1 if I'd only had a mother.' , Tbe strength was. all gone from the poor boy, and he sank on his knees, sobbing great ohokiog sobs, and lubbing the hot tears away witb tbe eleeve of his jaoket. The woman was a mother; and though all ber children slcnt under tha cold snd in the ohnrah yard, the was a mother still. - She . put her hand kindly en the head of the boy and told him to look up, and said from that time he should find jo ber a mother. Yes, she even put h jr arms arouod the neok of that forsaken deserted ohild. She poured from her mother's heart sweet kind words, words of counsel and tenderness. Oh I how sweet was her Bleep that night — bow soft her pillow J Sbe bad plucked some thornB from tbe path of a little sinning but striving mortal. , That poor boy is now a promising man. His foster-father is dead ; bit foster-mother is ag«d end sickly, but »bo knows no wantt The ' poor outcast' ia her support. Nobly docs he repay tbe trust reposed in him. ' Wh n my father and mother forsake me, then the Lord will taku me up.' — Anisrican Missionary M agaf.inc. - The PattosotttY ov History. — A construc tivo philosophy of history is aa yet impossible, and for the present, and for a long time to come, , we shall be confinod to analysis. Will it ever be ' othe'wiso? Tlirco times—in Greece, in Roma, in modern Europe— tho best of the chroniclers bave made a near approach to being trustworthy. The most perfeot English history which exists is to be found, in my opinion, in the historical plays of Shakspeare. In these plays, rich as they are 'n fancy and imagination, tho main bearings of the national story are scrupulously adbored to, and wherever attainable, verbal correctness, | Shakespeare's objcct was to exhibit as fuiclifully ! as he possibly could the exaot character of the great aotors in the national drama— the circumstances whioh surrounded them, and the motives, internal and external, by which they were influenced. To know this ia to know all. Tbe reader can form his own theories. No such correctness of insight no snoh breadth of sympathy has since been applied to tbe writing of English history* Even Shakspeare's himself, perhaps could not bare been the man that he was at any other epoch. And Shakespeare's attitude towards human life will become again attainable to us only when intelligent people can return to an .agreement on first principles— when the commou eanso of tho w:8cat and beat amongBt us baa superseded the theorising of factions and parties — when the few but all important truths of our moral condition, which can be certainly known, bave bscome tha exclusive rule of our thoughts and actioas, and the speculative formu laries into which we have napped out tbe mysterious continents of the spiritual world have been. consigned to the place already thronged witb tbe ghosts of like delusiuns whioh have had their day and peiished. At present our Bole duty is to study and set down with as much impartiality as onr frailitieB will allow us tbe truth, as we can really discern it, imagining nothing, inventing nothing, concealing nothing, condemning nothing, sive the breach of those moral laws which have been considered Barred by universal consent, and sympathising with all varieties of thought by which good men have allowed their actions to be guided. So, and so only ; we can accumulate materials for a philosophy ot history ; and vthen we have got so far, it is possible that a philosophy mnj not be needed. — Lecture by Froude. CaRdleu Made op Dead Babies. — An ex traordinary story of Russian peasant life is told by the Exchange Gazelle of St. Petersburg : — Engonia Cbubakova having been brought to bed of a still born child, put it away in a large box, wbioh the experienced women cf tbe village bad told ber was tbe proper thing, nnder the oircumstancee, to do. Two days afterwardB she raised tbe lii of the box to see what liad become of tbe obild, for.nd tbat it bad disappeared, and concluded that tbo 'Domovoi,' or Spirit of the House, bad carried it away. Cbnbakoff, the hnaband, and the wise woman who had assisted at the delivery, were also of opinion that the Domovoi bad taken possession of the body, and it was resolved to keep the whole affair a profound secret. A month afterward^ however, in the course of a family quarrel before iritoesBes, it came out that Eugenia Chubakova bad given birth to an infant, and that the Spirit of tbe House bad flown away with it. Tbe local authorities heard the story and instituted a search, the result of which was that a village thie' named Vassili was proved to have stolen the missing body, and, aoting under the advice of a wizard, to have fried it, ia order that out of tbe fat which fell from it he might make a talismanic candle to assist him in the pursuit of bis profession. By the light of the candlea made from the fat of a fried baby a thief may steal as much as be likes without fear of discovery ; but it is necessary that the bsby should have been baptised. The light from a candle made out of the fat of a still born child is without virtue, and as soon aa this was explained to the thief he desisted from the magicnl process which he had already commenced. Onoe in possession of a candle made from tlie fat of a baptised infant the thief has a course of unbroken prosperity before him, the only difficulty in bis way being that proverbial one of the first step. How is ho to get his first candle by which to steal unperceived his first infant ? ' Railway Trains Stopped by Crickets.— The Elko Independent says : — ' Several times of late the trains on the Central Pacific Railroad, eaBt of this place, have been stopped by crickets, and delayed sometime over an hour in a place. Mr Gidney, of Ruby Valley, who has just returned from tbe east, informs us that at one point near tbe Wells, where thero was a slight rising inclination in tbe traok, they had to back down half a mile and make three trials before tbey could get over that particular point where crickets had piled thomaelves to such a depth on tbe rails aa to render tbe track so greasy that tbe driving wheels flew around on it as if the locomotive were suspandeded in tbo air. Parties unacquainted with the facts and wbo know nothing of the numbers, size, end fatness of the black srikets of Utah, Color ad n, Nevada, and Idaho, can have no conception of tho appearance of nn army of crickets, or of the vuat heaps into which they mass themselves when they meet whh an obstruc tion. To such tho idea of cricketB stopping a twenty ton engine must appear ridiculous ; yet such things happen in the Bage brush country without exciting any speoial wonder.' Though we seem grieved at the shortness of life in general, we are wishing every period of ie at an end. The minor longs to be of ago, then to bo a man of busioess, tben to make up an estate, then to arrive at honors, and tben to retire, Closeted with Napoleon signature of' An Efigli3bn,a- ,he ' 1 0 graph publishes a letter affecting to ijj interview with the Baperor, and t„ tep t? zpstsstma verba on the cause of the *ar a poWerlessneas to prevent it. After afow J | observations, in Which he verbally' the Imperial countenance, mercifully ;Jn P ' other miaute details, he goes oif,0 ff8 ' in addition, to premise, .that, after ho bod sp0W I mquircd whether we were at liborfy to h.s words a 1taiite toit. II0 anaffere(] ? wtsh nothing better than that I 6hou,'n represented to the people of England as holii these v.ews.», The Euiperor, af.erVafe J h,a .usual quiet kiudliness upon W ^ matters, turned suddenly to the political i of Franco and of Europe, He said,- .'On fortnight beforo', the ulteranoe of the Duo J, Gramant in the Corps Legislatif— which ul,eraj has, as it seems to m-?, been so unjustly reflect upon by the English Press-I had no notion tb« War was at had, nor am I, even at this moment by anymeana prepared for it. I trusted that' when Due de Gramont had set me straight W France by speaking manfully in public as to ths BohenZollern candidature, I shoold be able so to manipulate and handle tiie eoutroverey aa to make peace certain; But Ftance has slipped out of my band. I caBnot mle unless I lead. Xbii is the most national war that jn my time F,aoM haB undertaken, and I bave no ohoioa but lo advance at tha boad of a public opinion whioM can neither Btem nor chock. In addition to U. de Bismarck, although a very clever man ho want,' too much, and want it too quick. After th3 victory of Prussia in 1866, I remindod bim that but for the friendly and self denying neutrality 0/ Franoe he oould never have achieved such mariels, I pointed out to him that I had new moved i French soldier near to tlie Rhine frontier during the continuance of the German war. I quoted to him from his own letter, iu which he thanked uj for my nbstinance, and said that he bad felt neither a Prussian gun nor a Prussian soldier upon Ibe Rhine, but had thrown Prussia's whole and undivided strength against Austria and her allies, I told him that, as some slight return for my friendly activity, I thought tbat he might surrender Luxembnrg, and one or two other little towns which gravely menace our frontier ta France. I added that in this way lie would, by a trifling eaoiitic, easily forgotten by PruBiiia ia view of ber enormous suocess aod acquisition!, pacify the French nation, whosp jealousies it vai so easy to arouse, so difficult to disarm, M.dj Bismarck replied to mo, after some delay, 'Not one foot ol territory, whether Prussian ci neutral, can I resign. But, perhaps, if I were to makefomj further acquisitions, I could make some conces sions. How, for instance, if I were to tab Holland 1 What would Franoe want as a sop for Holland ?' ' I replied,' said the Emperor, 'tbat if he attempted to take Holland, it meant war with France ; and thore the conversation, in which M. de Bismarck and M. de Benedetti were tho interlocutors, came to nn end ' Spurgeon on the War.— Under his 'com de plume 'of 'John Ploughman,' Mr. S;uorgeoa addresses a letter to the Emperor of -the French and the King of Prussia, from wbioh tbo following is an extract: — 'If you must have a fight, why don't you strip and go at it yourselves, si onr Tom Rowdy and B;g Ben did on the green? ill cowardly ot you to send a lot of other fellows to shot on your account, I don't like fighting at all, it's too low lived for me ; but really if it would save tbe lives of millions, . I would not miad taking oare of your jackcts while you bad a set to with fisticuffs, and I would encourage you both to bit bis hardest at tbe gentlemu'i opposite. I dare say if you oame over to Surrey the polioi would manage to keep cut of your way and Ifl you have a fair chance of having it out; tbey bave done so for other gentlemen, and I feel mti they would do it to oblige yen. It oa'ght spoil your best shirts to have your noiei bleed, tud I d ire say you would not like to strip at it, bnt there are pleuty of ploughmen who would ImJ you their smock frocks for an hour or t so, especially if you would be on your honor not to go off with them. Just let mo know, and III bave some stioking plaster ready, and a basin el W.'tvr, and a sponge, and perbap* our gowoot! will let Madame Rachel out of gaol, to en awl youreyes.it they get a little blackened. If ju8t thought of a capital idea, and ibat is, in® will both drop a lino to tbe keepers o! its Agricultural ball, where tbey have ibon Cumberland wrestling matches, tbey woo d you have the place for a day, and give you the takings, and 1*11 be bound tbere would bei crowd and no mistake. So you see you coo J1 glory and ready money too, snd nobody w' killed. I like this idea, for then I can getouU my first offer, and can wash my bands o joii and I can truly say, the loss 1 eee of two kicking lsorsos tbe better I shall be please . good old grandfather set mo Bonypatts when I was a hoy, but I didt io you, Lewis, were a quieter sort than your utc i however, what .is bu-d ?» ' e bone wi' in the flesb, and as the old ccck crowi young onelcru; Why you, thektngo Germans, want to go into the butcher. ng J don't know ; but if you are at the bottom it shows tbat you are a very bad dispose or you would be ashamed of killing y° creature, When war begins bell opens,.' is a bad office for either of you to be ga to itod.rtirnbu'* A Missouri newspaper claims that state are so fat, that in order ^ where thore heads are it ta necesss y ^ them squeal, and tben come to a coo Printed and Published by th0^ojir!e,'t '« 1 m CAMM.ELC and JoKi'H l wj' ,ilprciSPniW WabbaMbeoubv, general 