GHOST STORY. Tiie Pall Mall Gazette says: — " F r nino days, or rather nights, past, the shadow of an axe has appeared on one of tho wads of tho 'l ower. 'J lie shadow made its Inst nppenr- nnce, unless wc nre misinformed, in ISIS, but wlmt it lias been doing since that timo we cannot say. There is no shyness about it now ; it docs not object to bo stared nt, and excites tbc curiosity of all those who have tlio privilege, if not the pleasure, of inspecting it. A correspondent of tho snmo paper, who signs " lJ," has since written tho following letter : — 1 am glad to norcoiuo that tho Tower of London, respectable old editico ns it it), still keeps its ghost, ns all veuorablo buildings should do. You aro pcrhapB not awnro that ono of tlio best authenticated gltosfc stories of this century boltings to that 1'ortross, nml I mako.no exetiso for telling it to you at this season' as a Christ inns ghost story is tra ditionally allowable. Mr. Edmund Lcmthnl Swil'le, who is si il I living, was in 1817 koopor' of tho Crown jewels in tlio Tower of London. He lived in tho jewel house, nnd on a certain Saturday night in October, 1817, was in his sitting-room. Tho door wns closed, tho windows shut, and heavy curtains excluded tho air. Tt wns about midnight, Two candles were on tho ; table. Tho rest I givo in his own published' words : — " 1 sat nt:'-'tho foot of tlio table, iny son on tnjr right hand, his mother fronting tho chimney piece, and her Bislcr on tho op posite side, .1 hail offered a glass of winonud water to my wil'o, when, on putting it to her lips she paused, nml exclaimed, ' Good God, what is that?' I looked up and saw a cylin drical figure like a glass tube, seemingly about tlio thickness of my arm, and hovering between the ceiling and tho Inblo. Its con tents appeared to bo of n donsc fluid, wHte and palo azuro, like to tho gathering of a. slimmer cloud, and incessantly rolling und winging within tlio cylinder. This lasted about two minutes, anil it began slowly to movo boforo my sister-in-law, thou following tho oblong shape of tho tablo boforo my son and myseli'; passing behind my wild it pattsod for a moment over her right, shoulder (observe there was no mirror opposito to Iter in which site could behold it). Instantly she urouuhed down, and, with both hands covering Iter shoulder, sho shrieked out, ' O, Christ ! it has seized me.' Even now, while writing, I Idel tho fresh honor ol that, moment. I caught up nij' chair, struck at the wainscot behind her, rushed up stairs to tho other children's room, and told tho terrified nusso what I had soon. . . . Noil, Iter my sistor-in-law nor my son beheld Iho appearance I am bound to add that shortly beforo this strange event sotno young lady residents in tho Tower had boon, f know not wherefore, suspected of inking phantnsmngorienl experi ments at their windows, which, tits it observe.! had no command whatever on any windows in my dwelling. Ait additional sentry was accord ingly posted so as to overlook tiny such attempt Happening, however, as it might, following hard at heel the visitation of my household, one of the night sen tries at I lie jewel office was, as ho said, ala mod by a fiL'tiro like a huge bear issuing from un derneath tho Hour, flu thrust at it with Ins h.iyonct, which stuck in tho door even as my chair dinted the wainstcot. Ho dropped in a lit, and was carried senseless to the guard room. I lis fellow seulry declared that the man was neither asleep nor drunk, ho him self having seen him the moment boforo a-., ako and sober. Of all Ibis 1 avouch nothing more t ban I hat; I saw tho poor man in the guard-house prostrated with terror, and that in two or three days the fatal ro.su. t. he it ol l'act or fancy, was that he died." To this it is only necessary to add that tho hoy was 7 years old J Lo did not sco tlio ghost. Tho sister-in-law likewise did not sou it, and attributed it to the joint hallucination ol her sister and brut liur-in law. Tho soldier died, as stated, whether after trial by court- martial, as recorded by Dr. Gregory in his " Letters on Animal Magnetism," or not, 1 do not know. Dr. Gregory received his ac count from ;ir David Brewster, and it is in- correct in many particulars, or rather it (tillers from Mr. Mwifte's, which was tho result of personal experience, A correspondon, of the Pall Mall Gazette. writes: — "Thcro is, it seeins, in ono of the toivors of the fortress a eculiar old loophole, I somewhat resembling in shape the capital let- ' tor T with the arms shortened : this loopholo ' is in the wall of a closet, out side which there j is another wall. When the outer wall is in shadow, and the gas lighted in the closet, a light is thrown on the outer wall through the j loopholo, which, from its peculiar sliaoe makes the thrown light boar the resom bianco to the battlo axe." 