THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. Tbe (Ecumenical Council was formally opened on Deoem ber 8. By daybreak, notwithstanding the weather being rainy, the inner Atrium and Grand Nave of the Vatican Basilica, the route of the prooession, were thronged by an immense concourse of spectators. At 9 o'clook, amid the rinsing of the bells of all the eoolesiastical edifioes in Borne and' salvoes of artillery from the Castle of San Angelo and Mount Aventinp, the procession formed in the Upper Artium of the Vatican, desoended the Seals Buegia, and passed through the Lower Atrium into the cathedral. Regular and secular clergy were ranged on either side, and tbe procession consisted of six archbishop-princes, 49 cardinals, 11 patriarchs, 680 archbishops and bishops, 28 abbots, and 29 generals of religious orders. In all, about 800 ecclesiastics preceded the Pope, who was carried into the cathedral in the gestatorial chair. His holiness firet knelt ? some time before the Sacrament, and the assembly then took their places in the Council-hall in seven rows. After mass had been chanted by Cardinal Patrizi, the Archbishop of Iconium pronounced the inaugural discourse. The Pops, who appeared to be in the enjoyment of excellent health, then gave his benediction, the ceremony being carried ou in exact accordance with tbe State programme. After giving the benediction the Pope received the homage of the members of the oeuncil. The appointed prayers followed, and the Pope three times invoked the aid of the Holy Ghost for the oouncil, a hymn to the Holy Ghost being sung by the choristers. The prelates approved the decree opening the council, and the Te Deum followed, the ceremony terminating at half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon. In the sitting ot the Council on December 9, the Pope read to the members assembled a short homily, in which he said that it had given him great pleasure to inaugurate the Council on the appointed day, and to see the bishops assembled at Rome in greater numbers than ever. They had come to teach all men tbe voice of God. and to judge with the Pore, under the auspices of the Holy Spirit, on the errors of human science. Never waa it more necessary then in die present day, since conspiracy and impiety were widespread and strongly organised, and hide themselves tinder tbe mask of aspirations for liberty. There was no cause for alarm. The Church was stronger than heaven itself, end now was the time to consider what remedies j were efficacious s gainst the present evils. The bishops should strive with him te secure peacefulness in the monasteries, order in the Church, and discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, he invoked the Holy Spirit, the ; Virgin, and the holy angels. The fathers of the Council held their first general congregation in St Peter's the same day. Tie death is announced of Cardinal Pen tin. The Pope received 600 French subjects at the Vaticin on December 19. After speaking with several individually he delivered an allocution in French, in which he dwelt upon the significance of the appproeching Christmas fes tival, and said, ' God, in teaching humility, declared pride to be the enemy of man and the author of revolution.' His Holiness then blessed the assembly amid loud ^?'he third general congregation of the Council was held ' on Deoember 20. The election of 14, out of the 24, eccle siastics whe are te oompose the commitee on matters of faith is notified. The principal members are the Archbishops of Cambray, Utrecht, Posen, Malines, Baltimore, and Westminster; -the Bishops of Poitiers, Jean, Sien, and Paderbom ; the Primate of Hun gary. and the Armenian Patriarch. The assembly has elected twenty-four members as a committee on questions connected with discipline. The Apostolic Bull, ' Scdis,'* dated the 12th of October, which out of consideration for the spirit of the age, reduces the -number of cases re served for ecclesiastical censure, has been promulgated. The Pope, in reply to an address of General Xanzler,on December 27, expressed his confidence that the (Eoumenical Council would dissipate darkness, and give to the world peace and prosperity. He refuted the arguments of those who maintain that Pope should have no army because Christ had none. 