"Fatieties. AN AGED INFANT-—An honest pea~ J sant woman named Maria Plor, is at present living in the Faubourg of Maubeuge, in the North of France, and has attained her hundredth year. She lately lost one of her offspring, who had reached the age of 80. " Ha !" said the old mother, weeping for her recent loss, " I always said that I should never be able to bring up that child." A GOOD BEASON.—" Bill," said Bob, "Why is that tree called a weeping willow?" " Cause'' one of the sneaking dratted things grew near our schoolhouse and supplied the master with the sticks to give us a licking." SIMPLE NATURE'S HAPPY CHILD.— " May I be married Mamma ?" said a pretty brunette of sixteen, to her mother, " Married," repeated the astonished mother, " for what reason ?" " Why, Ma, the children have never seen a wedding; I think a marriage might please them." Disgust and aversion are the unavoidable consequences of the constant pursuit of pleasure. What class of females are best suited for coachmen's wives ? Milliners; because they know how to handle the ribbons. To POSTAGE STAMP COLLECTORS,— WanUd, two stamps of Indignation and one of True Nobility,—Comic News. When is a man least likely to pursue a straight course ? When he forsakes the line of duty to follow the bent of his own fancy. A gouty gentleman says, if you would keep your room comfortable in winter, obey the injunction of the ghost in Hamlet—" List I list ? oh list!" "No man can do anything against his will," said a metaphysician, during a discussion. " Well," said a wag, "I believe you had a brother who went to prison against his will." SCIENTIFIC—A magnetic mountain has been discovered in Swedish Lapland. It is creating a great sensation; and, as may be expected, is drawing immensely. —Puncti. A woman in Chicago recently seized a man, and, before he could secure assistance, brutally married him. A young woman of Indiana keeps twenty-seven engagement rings hung up in her boudoir, the spoils of five years. The march of civilisation is onward— onward—like the slow but intrepid tread of a jackass towards a peck of oats. At a church fair in Kansas city, a set of bedroom furniture was voted to a young lady, with the understanding that, if she was not married in a year, the property should be returned to the church. A German lady who had been reading Fox's Book of Martyrs, recently attempted to grasp the crown of Martyrdom by sitting down comfortably in a kettle of scalding water and darning her stockings. Our American correspondent says she is writing Some Nobel Experiences in the Life of a Darned Fool A SERVANT'S SOLILOQUY.—A servant girl, who had just been admonished by her mistress to be very careful in " washing up" the best tea-things, was over- heard shortly afterwards * in the back kitchen indulging in the following soliloquy, while in the act of wiping the sugar-basin:—" If I was to drop this, ere basin, and was to catch it, I s'pose Ishould't catch it; but if I was to drop it, and wasn't to catch it, I reckon I ju3t should catch it." A DEBT NOT TO BE EVADED ?—A merchant being unable to live as comfortably as he desired, and at the same time pay his debts, failed several times in business, and made assignments of his property. Finally he died. Among those wdo had cause to remember him was Mr. B , who meeting one of his neighbours, was informed that uncle C was dead—had paid the debt of nature. " Is that so ?" replied B ; "why didn't he make an assignment ?" 