SI KMON OS THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. On Sunday evening, April 21, St Francis Xavier's was crowded, in consequence of an announcement that Father Hinterocker , would breach hi fVninan a snecial sermon on the (Ecumenical CounciL After the usual evening service his reverenco introduced his subject by reading the 15th chapter of tho Acts of the Apo3tle*, narrating the dissensions which occured at Antioch with regard to circum cision, tho mis3ion of Paul aud Barnabas to Jerusalem to consult the apostles and elders, the holding of a Council to hear their appeal, tho declaration of Peter that the Apostles had been chosen of God and endowed by the Holy Ghost, the audience then granted to Paul and Barnabas, the ruling of James as Bishop of the Church at Jerusalem on tho disputed doctrine, and tho return of the delegate*, to Antioah, accompanied by certain of the brethren at Jerusalem. The preacher eloquently described the meeting of the eleven Apostles after the ascension of °our Lord, when they resolved to go forth and preach Hia. gospel to all the world, alloting $ach other districts, in each of which they had left monuments of their zeal. James bad been appointed over the Church in Judea; Peter had addressed himself to the strangers in Cappadocia and GaLttia; Thomas had penetrated into tho farthest regions of India aud to tho confines of China; while Matthew had turned toward the south to become the apostle of the Ethiopians. These founders of the Church did not bind themselves by Moses, and they had as yet no written word for the new dispensation. They preached Chriit from their own personal knowledge, and taught His Gospel as they had received it directly from Himself. Their every power of body and soul was absorbed into the faith which they promulgated. But no zeal or earnestness could preserve the Church from false dootrine. It was inevitable that out of such diverse and incongruous materials differences of faith should arise. These, as in tho case of circumcision at Antioch, were naturally reforred to the assem bled elders of tho Church, and hence arose the earliest Church Council for a typo of all that havo succeeded it during tho past nineteen centuries. The proacner, in explaining the sig nificance of thw event, showed first why the disciples at Antioch appealed to Jerusalam ; secondly, whenco tho apostles and elders derived their authority to arbitrate as they did ou question:! of faith ; and thirdly, tho ground of .the preeminence assumed by Peter. Jerusalem had boeu the cradle of tho Church, the ApoBtles had been ordained of Christ and inspired by tho Holy Gho3t. Moreover, Peter had received a special commission from Christ. From the exauiplo of this first Council it was deduced that a supremo power u required in tho Church to expound the Scriptures ; and to give laws to its disciples that tho priests of tho future hierarchy are representatives of the original presbyters ; and that the spirit which descended at Pentecost has boon transmitted through tho apostles to the succeeding heads of the Church. The preacher next cautioned his hearers against fake interpreta tions which had been placed on the laeans by which the Church Councils had enforced their decrocs. He had seen lately in a local German paper an extract from tho Allijemeine Ztitunj professing to contain tho theses to be adopted by the (Ecumenical Council now sitting at Rome. Each concluded with an er sd vcrjlugt, which Protestant readers would interpret into 'Let him bo accursed.' The words wore not in tended to bear such a meaning, but to repre sent the original Greek anathema. It implied only excommunication and excision from tLe Church. No Council arrogated greater power than that. It did not profess to damn horotics, but only their heresies. It declared certain erj-ors to be damnable in themselves, but did not presume to pronounco on the future fate of any numan soul. The rev. father having thus defined the func tions of the Church Council, traced its history through the Papal age to the present day. During the first four centuries, when the Church lived under the oppression of heathenism and beset with false religions, Councils had neces sarily been frequent. The appearance of each new heresy had generally to be followed by a Council, that the faith of the Church might bo vindicated and distinguished. ?They had been attended by all nations within the Catholic world ; one of them which wa3 hold during the 12th century having congre gated over a thousand Bishops more than are now in Rome. The preacher went on to explain the special objects of the existing Council and to justify its designs. He warmly resented the eoYnments of the Protestant. FVe.^o. cthnmn. tenang them asjumrnhgated lies. He assarted that freedom of discussion prevailed, and that tho opposition formed a small and very insig nificant minority. For his own part ho did not read and would noror think of believing such journals as tho Allgemeine Ztituity. La France, and the Ii,ne3. They were vtmhitottn on everything connected with the Council. They had in particular misrepresented the dogma of Papal infallibility, which did not imply that the Pope was superior to human error. It had no reference to his private judg ment or conduct, but only asserted that, as Pope, ha could not in the name of the Church promulgate false doctrine In this sense the dogma had boon accepted by previous Councils, and it was no new pretension. As f *v tho Syllabus, it did not arrogate plenary authority. It was simply a series of canons delivered ex cathedra by His Holiness, and voluntarily adopted by all branched of tho Church. The reverend father concludod a very earnest and forcible discourse by predicting that the deliba rations of the Council would shed light on the spiritual darkness of the world, and that the opposition it had encountered woild only ope rate as opposition had ever done in tho history of tho Church, for the promotion of its success. 