CHRISTCHURCH, STRATHALBYN. Amongst the many country towns in the colony Strathalbyn occupies a good position, and, notwithstanding the present depression, continues to improve. Within the last few months several additions have been made to it. The buildings, as a whole, have a substantial appearance, and the prettiness of the town is materially increased by its church architecture. For some time past the Presbyterians, the Wes leyans, the Primitive Methodists, as well as other denominations, have had their edifices, but an Episcopalian Church has not yet been built, although the erection of one has been for years in contemplation. Of late the members of the Church of England have been meeting for worship in the Court- House, where they have had the advantage of the ministra tions of the Rev. C. Goodenough Taplin. The necessity of having a suitable building being felt more and more, it was determined a short time back to erect a church, for the accomplish ment of which steps were at once taken, and on Friday afternoon, February 25, the foundation stone was laid by Lady Edith Fergusson. The land upon which it is intended to build the church has been kindly given by Mr. McLean, and is situated a little distance to the east of the town. When finished the structure will consist of mve, transept, and chancel, but at present it is only purposed to complete the nave, and carry the tower as high as the roof, the eo-t of which will be about C7oo, and accom modation will be provided for 200 persons. The architects, Messrs. "English & Kees, have adopted a mixed stylo of Gothic architecture cf the transition period, from the decorated to the perpendicular. The entrance will be formed by a massive tower, square on the ground, but ending in an oct&gon.; The upper part is in tended for a belfry, and is to be decorated with a handsome battlement, terminated by eight pinnacles. |When finished the tower will be be tween 70 and 80 feet high. The entrance door is to be deeply recessed with columns and en riched caps, leading to a lobby 9 feet x 9 feet, with tiled floor. From the lobby a door, covered with green baize, will communicate with the church. On each side of the nave massive buttresses are to divide the building into bays, between which the windows occur. These are to be lancet cusped, and with Libel heads terminating with a boss. The transept and chancel will have traceried windows. The roof will be covered with slate, with an ornamental cresting. Inside, the roof will be framed and opan to the collar; that part visible will be tilled in with trasery, moulded and chamfered; the ceiling matchboarded, and the whole will be prepared for staining. The interior dimen sions of the nave will be 50 ft. x 25 f c ; and the transept will be 41 ft. x 23 ft, The chancel, octagonal in form, will have a vestry in csm municatton. The nave will have pulpit, reading-desk, ami communion raiL The total cost of the whole building, inolnfling chanpeL transept, and tower, will be about £1,804. and when earned oat according to the design mil accommodate 350 persons. _. Lady Edith Ferguson, accompanied by Sir James, who was attended fey Mr. Morris(Aide de-Oamp), arrived in Strathalbyn about 1 o'clock, having come from Woodbouse, HU Excellency driving four-in-hand. They were entertained by Mr. T. O'HaUoran, of the National Bank. The ceremony of laying the etone—which was conducted by His liordship 'Bishop Short—commenced, whan the vice regal party came upon the ground, shortly after 3 o'clock. In addition to the Bishop, there were present Dean BubmU, Arehdeaooa Mar ryat, die Revs. W. A. Olayfield, E. Brown, and O. G. Taplin. Although the day was a most nnplflasant one, it being very windy and ex ceedingly dusty, the spectacle was witnessed by about 600 people. The first portion of the service having been concluded, Mr. W. FiSHEB said the bottle to be placed . beneath the stone contained coins of the realm; copies of the Advertiser and Register of the 25th February, and of tbe Southern Argus of the 19th ; and the following written ou parch ment :— *' The foundation-stone of Christ church, Strathalbyn, was laid by Lady Edith Fergusson on the 25th day of Fobruary, 1870, being this 33rd year of the reign of Her Host graciom Majesty Queen Victoria ; the Right Hon. Sir James Fergnsaoo, Bart., being Qover nor-in-Ohief of the province of South Australia, and the Kight Xev. Augustus Short, 0.D., Bishop of the diocese, the Trustees being Messrs. H. Ferguson, F. Miller, and H. Prince ; architects, Messrs. English & Bees." Dr. Ferguson then presented to Lady Edith a beautiful silver trowel, similar in design to that given to H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh on the occasion of his laying the foundation stone of the Prince Alfred College. The sub joined inscription is neatly engraved upon it:— "Presented to Lady Edith Ferguson on her laying the foundation-stone of Christchurch, Strathalbyn, 25th February, 1870." Lady Edith accepted the trowel, and hav ing spread the mortar with it, the stone was lowered into its place, whereupon Her Ladyship applied the mallet and the level, after which The Bishop said—On behalf of Lady Edith, I say, in the faith of Jesus Christ, we place this foundation-stone, in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. The concluding portion of the service was then proceeded with. The hymns and the re sponses were sung by an efficient choir, Mr. W. Fisher presiding at the harmonium. The Bishop delivered a short address, charac terised by liberality of sentiment. In the course of his remarks he said i: was the happiness of the era, in which they lived (hat men were per mitted to worship God according to the truth in which they believed in their consciences, and according to the forms which they considered best. Spiritual liberty was of great importance, and dearly to be prized ; and they had evidence of this liberty in the fact that the land upon which they were going to build the church was presented to them by a gentleman of Pro&byteri;&n; parentage—one who manifested his attachment to the Church of his forefathers by being iden tified with it —he referred to Mr. McLean. After pointing out how desirable it w<*b that the various sections of tho Christian Church should work harmoniously together— to accomplish which it was necessary they should entertain charitable views respecting each other—lie observed that he rtjoiced, after the many difficulties which had been overcome, in taking part in the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of that temple, in which they would meet to worship in the way they, as members of the Church of England, were accus tomed to do. He trusted that God's blessing would continue to rest upon the undertaking —that the top etone would be brought forth with shouting; and that the ministrations there would receive His blessing. On behalf of the office-bearers of the church, he tendered their wannest thanks to Lady Edith for her kind ness. In speaking of the Scotia residents in the neighborhood, he remarked that the people of North Britain were a credit to the country from which they sprang, and mentioned that one of the Trustees of the church (Dr. Fer guson, Dean Russell, and their Governor came from the North of the Tweed. He commented upon the Scotch as being a virtuous and very persevering race—hence they fouud Scotia's sons occupying the foremost positions throughout society. (Cheers.) The Dean congratulated the people upon what had just been done. It was now 14 years siuce he cune up from Adelaide and held ser vice in the little old Primitive Methodist Chapel. Since then services had been held in various places, an 4 many times it seemed that the work would have to be abandoned; but he was very glad that they had not done so, seeing that they had now a flourishing cause there. He advised charity towards all Chris tians ; and prayed that the Almighty's blessing might rest upon the work they were then com mencing. A collection was here made, realising £23 :sa. 84. This was followed by the singing of a hymn, when the proceedings were terminated by the benediction being pronounced. At half-past 4 o'clock a tea meeting was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, -which was attended by about a hundred persons. Later in the evening the Bishop baptised several persons in the Court-House, and preached an admirable discourse from 11th, 12th, and 13th verses of the 2nd chapter of Titus. His Lordship was assisted in the ser vice by the Beys. E. Browu, C. G. TupUn, and W. A. Clayfield. The proceeds of tbe tea and the aft rj ssi fics, brought the total amount re ceived up to £32 2*. 