ALIVE IN THE DEAD-HOUSE. THE San Francisco Alta California, gives an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died iu that city, and whoso body was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which he had been undor treatment: -" The body was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put on, and the keeper of the dead-house rotired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead-house wa9 sought after, but, being aware of what he was re quired to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let tho ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than make an attempt to becomo peace-maker. When at last he was prevailed upon to pro ceed to tho dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whoso life had been a few hours pre viously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong tlirough the long halls and corridors of the build ing, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrestod him in his frantic career, and the next instant the poor German fell on the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restor atives used, by which he was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself:-' Vell, ven I got sick and vas in bed that day the doctor came to me and said I was verpr "J,ck. -'Ho- VBtit 'away", ' and" alter "he" vent I fell aBleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in tho night, and there was no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put my hand to voue side to try for de bed clothes, and och ! vot you tink I got ? vy, a dead man 1 Der© ho vos, cold. enough sure. I roared mid all tho power I had, and vas going away by the other side, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a board that was covering me. ' Oh,' said I, ' vot doea thi3 mean, vere am I ? Am I ded ? ' and I roared and bawled, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. Aud X knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, aud I thought I vas dead myself. I vas not shure. I had the dead man's dress on me. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vot opened it, he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it was a dream. But it is us true as I am hero." THE LOUETTE.-She does what 6he has to do (he says) without knowing what she does. She has her mission to fulfil, for nothing happens in human affars but -in virtue of a law. Her mission, is to destroy in existing so ciety the being who has destroyed all past' societies-the idle man. Look attentively, and you will see that she marks him out among all with that animal instinct which chooses in nature the one suitable ailment. Let her be then; I could almost say, "Let us encourage her." She helps a class of men who have no right to live to perish gaily. She spares the man of labour and action the last task which he had to accomplish, the execution of I the useless man. She devours inherit ances, so that afterwards new inherit ances have to be built up through labour. She makes of her victims aud of herself the manure of which the Bocial soil has need for its mysterious germs. When there is nothing more for her to devour she will die of inani tion, and will disappear, to be repro duced again, in another form. Her work will be at an end. She will have destroyed our anthropomorphs that is to say, beings who, having only the form and outward semblance of man, must disappear from a world in which the true man, the divine man, is soon to arise and to reign. She is like the crows of Normandy, who hover in black crowds at the back of the plough aB it traces its farrow, and who eat up the little worms that, left to themselves, would eat up the corn, but who no more attack the labourer than the labourer kills them.-Dumas Mis. AMENITIES OF THE NEW YORK BAB. Just after the adjournment of the M'Farland trial a lively passage occurred between tbe two leading counsel on either side. The crowd was gradually leaving the court-room, and the Recorder, the City Judge, and many professional gentlemen within the bar were preparing to go to ex Judge Russell's funeral, when Judge Davis made a remark to the Recorder with regard to Mr. Graham's conduct of the defence, saying that the latter bad stated something in one of his bitter speeches that he could not prove. Mr. Graham, who stood near, talking to tho prisoner and Mr. Gerry, over heard him, and, rushing up to Judge Davis, shouted, " Do you mean to say that anything that I have Baid is false ? " Before Judge Davis could reply Mr. Graham continued, shaking his clenched fist in Judge Davis's face, «you country pettifogger! you are not fit to associate with gentle men ; you ! I could undress you and spank you like ^ a child. Xou have insulted every witness I brought on the stand, and you've been paid money to hang this man ! Mr. Gerry and several others rushed up to Mr. Graham,and Recorder Hackett stopped up and interfered, when Mr. Graham pushed him aside, saying, "Don't interfere ; you have no right to ; you helped this man to insult me by your rebuke from the bench. Ofiicers then came between the parties and they were separated, and this ended tho matter. The expletives which Mr. Graham used were not very choice. The crowd became highly excited, and one man proposed throe cheers for John Graham, which were loudly cheered by hundreds who had assembled. 