* ST. BEDE'S CATHOLIC CHURCH, ! MORPETH. (From a Correspondent.) This Church, which, has for some time past been found inconveniently small for the increas ing congregation, has recently been enlarged aad and otherwise extensively improved. The addition consists of a wing on the South side, which makes the building cruciform in shape, and which gives the congregation more addi tional room than the size of the enlargement would lead to suppose : inasmuch as the space previously enclosed by the altar rails is now al lotted to the congregation. It may be remarked that since the erection of the Church the walls inside have been left unplastered and this alone was sufficient to give an unfinished appearance in the interior. However, ample accommoda tion was the most pressing requirement, and to obtain it would alone be considered by many as & work of sufficient magnitude to undertake at one time, but no half measures would satisfy his Lordship the Bishop of Maitland and the ener getic pastor, the Rev. T. A. Lonergan, who, re lying on the generosity of their flock in Morpeth, determined not only to enlarge but also to finish off the interior with, neatness and becomingness — so successfully have the improvements been designed and executed, that both externally and internally the building presents a very superior appearance to that of the old church, in ' fact on entering the Church one finds it difficult to im agine how such a transformation could have been effected and for which the Catholics have to thank Mr. Gell, the eminent architect of Ba thurst. The solemn ceremonies carried out for the first time on Sunday, Nov. 13, in the Morpeth Church have doubtless left a deep impression on the minds of those who witnessed them. At eleven o'clock Pontifical High. Mass commenced, at which his lordship the Bishop of Maitland was celebrant ; the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, assistant priest ; Rev. P. Hand, deacon ; Rev. P. Finn, sub deacon ; and Rev. J. P. Byrne, Master of Cere monies. Ihere were also present the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, and the Rev. Fathers Woolfrey and Lonergan. After Mass the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest entered the pulpit and preached a most argumentative and eloquent sermon on the Gospel of the day. It would be useless to attempt to convoy in a summary even a slight impression of the refined diction, the solid reasoning, and the profound theological learning with which the very rev. preacher carried con viGtion home to his hearers, hence my apology for asking you to publish it in extenso. The very rev, gentleman, having read the Gospel, com menced as follows ; — About eighteen years after the Ascension of our Lord, St. Paul preached the gospel in ij-aJatia, a province or Asia ivjunor, on the south ern coast of the Black Sea, and converted the inhabitants to the faith ot Christ. In the course of time some false teachers attempted to corrupt the faith of the people by insisting on the ob servance of the Jewish Ceremonies, in addition to the doctrines and practices of the Chris tian Religion. St. Paul resists this innovation in his Epistle to the Galatians, and, with all the authority and zeal of an xVpostle, denounces with anathema the poachers of this erroneous doctrine. ' 1 wonder,' says the Apostle, ' that you are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another Gospel, which is not another, only there are some that trouble you, and would pervert the Gospel of Christ ; but though we or an angel from Heaven preach a Gospel to you besides thab which we have preached, let him be anathema.' Gal. 1, 6, 7, 8. Such is the energetic language of St. Paul denouncing doctrinal error in hia time, and such, too, has been the invariable language of the Catholic church in every agf , from the days of the Apostle to the present. Animated by that 'spirit of truth,' which inspired '-.lie Apos tle, she has ever contended earnestly for the faith once delivered to the saints' (Jude, v. 3), /and avoiding all profane novelties of words. (1 Tim, vi, 20). She knows not what it is to temporize in religion in order to please men who adulterate the Gospel of Christ. This conduct of the Church, at all times necessary, seems to be specially demanded by the circumstances or the present age. For in our times the gates of hell seem to be thrown wide open, and the spirits of error let loose to stalk lawless over the earth. Every doctrine of the Gospel has been successively doubted, denied, blasphemed ; original sin, grace, justification, regeneration by baptism, the Trinity, the divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ— even the existence of God — all have been, denied and rejected as follows : — Among those who profess, in some sense, the Christian religion, the Gospel is adulterated by a thousand contradictory interpretations, and the inflexible severity of its maxims enervated by a variety of condescensions, compliances, and the narrow way converted, in the opinion of men, into a broad way that must; lead to life. (Math. vii. 14). In the midst of this wide spread unbelief, the Catholic Church raises her warning voice in defence of eternal truth, and proclaims with St. Paul (Heb. xi, 16), that without faith it is impossible to please God' ? that there is no' salvation without true faith which is not found outside the pale of the true Church. An unbelieving world brands this . doctrine as uncharitable and untrue, and the Church that proclaims it as the tyrant of free . opinion and the people who accept it as in tellectual slaves : yet this doctrinal intolerance this exclusive salvation, is constantly inculca' ted by our Redeemer and the Apostles. Reason demonstrates its necessity, and the history of Christianity confirms the common dictate of Re velation and reason. The most striking trait in the character of our Redeemer— that which most impressed the Jews, and which still shines forth on every page of the Gospel — is the tone of authority which He teaches, and the obligation He imposes upon all to believe His. doctrine. . Wonderfully condescending iu everything else, He shows Himself constantly inflexible on this. ' The people were in admiration of his doetrine, for he was teaching them as one having power, not as their Scribes and Pharisees,' (Math, vii., 2S). In the commission given to his apostles, to preach the Gospel, he demands of his disciples, — that is of Christians, to the end of time— a faith embracing all his teaching as an indispen sable condition of salvation. — ' Go teaeh all na tions instructing them to observe all things, whatsoever I have commanded you. He that believeth not shall be condemned.' (Math xxiii., 19\. 20., Mark, xvi, 15). ' Beware of false prophets, who come to you in the clothing of sheep, bub inwardly they are ravening wolves.' (Math, vii., 15). 'Many false prophets shall arise and seduce many but he that shall persevere to the end, he shall besaved.' (Math. 24, 11, 13.) Whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words ; going forth out of that house or city, shake off the dust from your feet. . Amen. I say to you, it shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment than for that city.' Math, x, 14, 15. This teaching our Redeemer confirmed in a most remarkable man ner by his conduct. It is recorded in the sixih chapter of St. John's Gospel that a vast multi tude followed him for several days in the wilder ness, eager for the words of grace and truth that fell from his lips. Among these words there is one which astonishes and repels his hearers. They object to the 'hard sayings and cannot bear it.' John vi, 61. What is the conduct of the good Shepherd who shrinks from nothing when the stray sheep is to be brought back to the fold? Does he compromise truth by softening the unpalatable doctrine by explanations ? Far from it. He repeats the objectionable doctrine five times, and always with an increasing energy of expression. The scandal infected even his disciples, ' many' of whom abandoned him for ever (v. 67); jet he remained unmoved, amid the general defection, and by a question ad-' dressed to the twelve apostles, ' will you also go away ?' He places them under the necessity of accepting; hia doctrine or retiring (John c. vi, vs. 64. 08). This doctrine intolerance, this exclusive salvation, preached by the Re deemer, we find constantly proclaimed by the Apostles. Depositaries of the thought of their Divine Master and commissioned to establish it throughout the world, they too require that every contrary thought should be brought low and that every intellect should bend under the yoke of faith. If they are publicly scourged, or led from prison to prison, nothing is heard from their lips but prayers and benedictions for their persecutors. Bub if their doctrine is assailed, — if presumptuous spirits venture to mingle their own conceptions with it — the zeal ot the Apostles is kindled ; they brand the innovators as ministers of Satan, and strike with an anathema whoever dares to prevent their teaching — be it an angel from heaven. ' If we or an angel from heaven preach a Gos pel to you besides that which we have preached, let him be anathema/3 (Gal. e. i, vs. G, 7, S ) He repeats this idea in. the fourth chapter of his epistle to the Ephesians, by insisting on the absolute singleness or unity of Faith — 'One Lord, one Faith, one Baptism, one God and Father of all,' (Eph. c. iv). Aud in the eleventh chapter of his Epistle to the Hebrews, Sb. Paul excludes from heaven all who do not profess the true faith. 'Without Faith (bhe one true faith) it is impossible to please God,1' (Heb. c. xi, v. 16). Finally, in the sixteenth chapter of his Epistle to the Romans, St. Paul cautions them against false teachers, in these forcible and energetic words. ' Now I beseech you, brethren, to mark them who cause dissensions and offences contrary to the doctrine which you have learned, and to avoid them ; for they that are such serve not Christ our Lord but their own belly, and, by pleasing speeches and good words, seduce the hearts of the innocent' (Rom. xvi., 17. IS). 'They are the enemies of the cross of Christ, whose end is destruction, whose God is their belly, and whose glory is their shame' (Philip iii, IS). St. Peter, in the second chapter of his second Epistle, warns all christians, to the end of time, of the frightful consequences of giving heed to false teachers. 'There shall be among you lying teachers, who shall bring in damnable heresies, and bring upon themselves swift destruction ; and many shall follow their rioutousness, through whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of (2. Peter c ii., vs 1, 2.) St. John denounces all such false teachers — par- ticularly those who denied the divinity of our Lordandthe incarnation — as Antichrists (1 John, ii., IS, 22 ; 2 John, i., 7, 9). Sb. Paul delivered Hymeneus and Alexander to Satan, for having denied the resurrection of the body (1 Timothv, i., 20, ; vid 2 Timothy, ii., 17, IS.) Sb. Jude's entire epistle is occupied with warning the faith ful against the false teachers, who openly pro claimed their errors in the life time of the Apostles. Nothing is more rational, or more logical, than this doctrinal intolerance of our Redeemer and the Apostles. As soon as reason, yielding to thefloodof light which drew the world bo the foot of the crosu, said to the author of Christianiiy, with Simon Peter, 'Thou art Christ the son of the living God,' (Math, xvi, 16). ' Thou hast the words of eternal life' (John vi, 67), there is an obligation to accept, without distinction, all the doctrines and precepts which He delivered — not one can be consistently denied or rejected. Moreover, there is a necessary connexion between truths in the same order, and the denial or rejection of one involves the negation of all. This is not confined to religious truth exclusively. The physical, moral, and mathematical sciences, chemistry and astronomy, law and physic, are as intolerant of error in their respective spheres as theology. Only imagine how a man would be received by the British Association that would seiiously deny the rotundity of the earth, or its diurnal rotation, or maintain that the sun was . snly a few feet in diameter. The mathematician i proclaims that his scientific creed embraces the inost unimportant of his demonstrated proposi tions. The rejection of a single corollary under mines the whole fabric of geometric truth. And bhe scientific mystery of the curve and its asymptote cannot be denied without virtually re jectingthe axioms, 'things that are equal to the same are equal to each other.1' Follow out in its development any truth of the moral order, and it will lead you from deduction to deduction, to full and perfect truth — to Christianity. For bhe same reason the denial of any truth in the game order leads inevitably, sooner or later, to the last negation — Atheism. And we have the history of the human mind to prove that every heresy except in case of a return to orthodoxy or a violent death becomes extinguished in Deism, and that Pantheism is the end of every philoso phic system that contains a flaw. Truth is es sentially intolerant of error. So keenly is this felt that error assumed as truth usurps the right of truth, and becomes itself intolerant, and, not unfrequently, persecuting. Truth cannot capi tulate with error. The doctrine of Christ, which was and is to survive the world, could not have survived its founder one century, if the Christian community had not maintained between itself and the innovator the formidable barrier of anathema. Again, the. manifest aim of the gospel revelation, establishes the necessity of doctrinal unity. What is this aim ? It is visibly to reunite the human family separated during forty centuries by error and deceit. It is to banish the human distinctions of Jew and Roman, Greek and Barbarian, slave and master, and convert all the children of meii into children of God— members of the same body animated by the same spirit, united in the same worship, under one head, Christ : — in one word, to offer everywhere to the love of heaven and the admiration of the world the wonderful spectacle of chose first Christians, who had but ' one heart aud one soul,' (Acts, c. iv. v. 32). How can this blending of individuals, and na tions, this perfect harmony of mind and will — be effected without the influence of a uniform and invariable belief? He is ignorant of man and of history who does not know that religious differ ences are the deepest and most fruitful causes of animosity and disastrous outbreaks. Unity of thought and feeling, elevating itself to the perfection of the divine unity and mutual love, were to be the characteristic marks of Christians to the end of time — (John, xvii, 21.) Is this union possible or compatible with religious dis putes ? Could the author of Christianity who formed of his sheep one flock, guided by one shepherd (Luke x., 16) could he be the head of those innumerable societies, that profess to follow his teaching, while they contradict each other? Is he equally pleased with the minister, who preaches his divinity, and the minister, who denies it ? Is he indifferent whether his followers believe in seven sacraments, i*\ two, or in none ? Is he indifferent whether they believe in his real presence or real absence in the Eucharist ? Can he regard with the same eye, the temples, where he is adored as the victim of propitiation on the Altar, and the temples where the Eucharistie sacrifice is treated as an invention of Hell ? Can the Christian world have been ignorant of the most elementary principle of its own existence ? What indeed was the object of all the great controversies that fill the annals of Christianity ? Simply to ascertain if such a doctrine, main tained by some, denied by others, did, or did nou, make part in the deposit of Christian doc trines. .If religious truth and religious error be indifferent, the whole Christian world has been dreaming for eighteen centuries. Every age had its preachers of error and its champions of truth. If doctrinal errors and differences were unimportant, the Apostles made sad mistakes, for they suffered ab the hands of their countrymen all kinds of persecution rather than, deny the faith in any point. Every where, as we read in the Acts of the Apostles, the new doctrine was resisted ; its pro fessors persecuted ; its Apostles imprisoned like Peter ; scourged, like John, before the Council ; thrown, like St. James, headlong from the tem ple ; or, like St. Paul, seat in chains to Rome ; and Jerusalem, drunk with the blood of Pro phets, flowed anew with that of the Apostles aud their disciples, until the expiring synagogue bequeathed to Pagan Rome its undying hatred of the Christian Religion. Why did the Christians, during the first three centuries, undergo those varied tortures, invented' by the refined cruelty of their faith ? If religious error be not danger ous, and fatal to individuals and to na tions, why has Europe been convulsed for three senturies with leligious disputes? If doctrinal differences are unimportant, why has the Catholic Church been so persever iugly and so cruelly persecuted ? If religious truth be unattainable or unimportant, how shall we explain the existence of that grotesque as semblage of contradictory creeds promulgated during the last three centuries by princes, par liament, kings, and cabinets ? Was ib in vain that our fathers sacrificed everything that is dear to men — their properties, their liberties, their lives — and preferred the dungeon and exile, the pyre and the scaffold, to the honors and emoluments that awaited an unprincipled apostacy ? They knew that ' without faith it is impossible to please God' — (Heb. c. xi, v. 16). They were impreased with the great maxim of the Gospel — ' What will it profit a man to gain the whole world if he lose his own soul?' They remembered the terrible chastisement in store for the Apostate. 'Whosoever shall deny me before men I will deny him before my Father who is iu Heaven.' Whosoever shall be ashamed of me or of my words in this sinful and adulterous generation, I shall be ashamed of him before the Angels in Heaven.' 'He thai believeth not, shall be condemned.' The condl tions of salvation have not been changed sinc- the time of the Apostles'. True faith is still, at it was then, essentially requisite. St. Luke in forms us that, throughout the preaching of the Apostles,' the Lord daily added to the church, such as should be saved (Acts it., 47). And in another place the Holy Ghost declares that 'as many as were ordained to eternal life, believed' (Acts xiii., 48). The inference is manifest. They who did not believe and who did not become mem bers of the true Church 'could not be saved' and werenotordained to eternallife ! !! Thebeneficent hand of the Lord is not shortened ! He still adds daily to the Church those who seek the truth with earnest sincerity. May their numbers be still increased, and may His illuminating grace prevail over the interests, the influences, aud the false maxims of the world — especially over that most pernicious system of our time, — Indifferentism or Latitudinal ianism — which, under the mask of liberality of opinion land Christian charity, destroys the very foundations of Christianity. For if anything is certain in the Gospels it is the necessity of faith. The Redeemer has preached it, the apostles in culcate it, reason demonstrates its necessity, and the history of the Christian world confirms the common dictate of revelation and reason. The duty of Catholics is therefore manifest to pro fess firmly this truth; to make it known to others on proper occasions ; in charity to warn those who are in error, as we would children heedlessly playing on the brink of a precipice ; never to acquiesce in the fatal maxim that reli gious truth and religious error are indifferent; to salvation — no matter how repugnanb it may be to the false liberality and counterfeit charity which the world prizes ; and finally, we should never ceaae to bless and praise the goodness and mercy of our God, who called us, without any merit on our pact, to the profession of the true faith, in the bosom of the true Church, where, under the guidance of the spirit of truth/ ' which abides with her lor ever,' we are journeying on to our true home, our glorious inheritance — a kingdom of light, and truth and love, wheie 'faith shall be changed into vision, aod hope into enjoyment, and where charity shall remain and be perfected' (1 Corinth, xiii, 13). At the conclusion of the sermon the very rev. preacher referred to the neat and commodious church in which they were ail assembled, .very likely in a few years to co'ine their children or children's children would aspire to erect a church , of much larger dimensions and greater magni ficence, but he thought they had reason to feel proud of what had been done for their spiritual advantage, and he had no doubt but that the Catholic people of Morpeth would on this occa sion contribute generously, and thus pay off, if not wholly, at. least in great part, the debt in curred. It was not the magnificence of the temple nor the beauty of the decorations, bub it; was their virtues and holy lives— the upright heart and pure — which would find favour in the s'ght of God. The collection was then proceeded with, and all, young and old, at the requesb of his lordship gave iu their contributions at the foot of the altar. The sum realized on the occasion was £146, including £30, allocated by the bishop from the Church aud School Estate's Fund ; *he whole amount collected up to the present time is £254, the contract was £276, thus there is a debt on the contract of £22, besides extra work the cost of which will be between £60 and £S0, which sum, no doubt, another generous effort; made by the good people of Morpeth will pay off. After the collection was over the Rev. Father Lonergan introduced about thirty persons who were desirous to establish a branch of the Guild. His Lordship, the Bishop of Maitland in request iug the Bishop of Bathurst to inaugurate the Guild, took occasion to thank his Lordship for the favour he conferred both on himself and the Catholics of Morpeth by being present to day, especially as his Lordship had at much personal inconvenience lately honored him with a visit on the occasion of theopening of the Dungog Church. His Lordship, the Bishop' of Bathurst, said — Your good Bishop has jusb remarked that it was only a few weeks ago sines 1 visited him to opem , the Dungog church. I made up my mind to visit your bishop on the occasion of his inaugurating or completiug any work for the advancement of religion in his diocese, but it would be impossi ble for me, I tiud, to be here on every occasion, I for almost every week witnesses the opening of i a church or school ; and now, when he had only j half a church to open, he invited me to be pre I sent. I am very happy to be here today ! especially as a branch of the Guild is to be in augurated — the Guild is a society admirably cal culated to promote both the moral and material progress of its members ; by living according to i its rules you promote the happiness ot your families and Jay a sure foundation for your own social and religious advancement, With regard to the rules, though I thiuk they could be much simplified, they are nevertheless very distinct aud wise, aud conducive alike to your spiritual and temporal welfare. Societies are powerful means for the promotion of the principles or ob jecbH they have in view. Unfortunately this is an age when secret societies aad others, pernici ous, politically, religiously, socially, and morally in their aiuia, are multiplying aud spreading throughout the world, it is then a happiness to belong to such a society as the Guild, whose motto is Dileclio Dei ct Proxlmi and whose sole tendency is to make you good Catholics, good! members of society, provident fathers and to foster Christian charity and love amongst our i selves and the community at large. His Lord ship congratulated the members on the step they : had taken to-day, trusted they would persevere i in the good work and carry out the rules in ' their integrity, and expressed the pleasure he ; had in inaugurating the Morpebh Branoh of the I Holy Guild. Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament i brought the important ceremonies of the day to 1 a close. i The Choir, under the zealous care of Miss Lee, ; who presided at the harmonium, sang the Mass ? and the Benediction hymns very creditably. } The members of the Guild met in the Church s after Mass and nominated their office bearers v ? and council. 