PENOLA PASTORAL, AGRICULTURAL. AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY'S ANNUAL SHOW. This was held, as advertised, on Thursday, August 25, when the weather was all that could be desired by the most fastidious. The attendance was estimated at about 700 persons. The display of grain, root crops, dairy produce, flowers and plants, vegetables, harness, etc, was in the commodious Institute building recently erected, and the exhibits were credit able to all concerned. The Judges were early in attendance, and their decisions gave general satisfaction. At 1 p.m. subscribers and their families were admitted to a private view prior to the admission of the general pulic at 2 o'clock. The spectators were proud of the success of the Exhibition, and the capacious Hall was filled to overflowing with the beauty and fashion of the district. Farming imple ments were on the plot of ground known as the Market-square, situated in the centre of tho township, and the horses, cattle, and sheep were located in a paddock adjoining the Institute, and these classes were excellent in varieties and quality. The shearing took place on the ground at the rear of the Institute, and a large crowd of eager spectators was soon collected to witness the operation. Seven experts commenced clipping, each encouraged by the kind remarks of friends. The novelty of the scene to the general public, the large concourse of visitors, and the Penola Band discoursing sweet music made iruly an ex hilarating scene ; while in the Market-square many a noble steed was displaying its paces to an admiring crowd, and hurdles were erected for testing the jumping capabilities of not a few daiing equestrian steeds. The sheep were unanimously asserted to be the best ever exhibited in tho South- East, and many experienced squatters declared they had never seen a better collection of exhibits as a whole — indeed such was tho opinion of even the unsuccessful competitors, and all seemed determined to be satisfied with anything and everything they witnessed. The visitors from Mount Gambier were par ticularly numerous and influential. Many experienced agriculturists expressed great satisfaction at the capital quality of the grain, and were loud in their praiso of all they saw, prognosticating the future greatness of this par ticular central district when the iron horse shall arrive snorting from Casterton, picking up in its onward progress tourists from Penola bound for Rivoli Bay. They specially eulogized tho inhabitants for their spirited and united action when any good work is to be performed, all seeming to work with a will, having for their motto, ' In union is strength.' But all things earthly must end, aud as tho day waned and old Sol was veering westwards, the visitors thought of home. A final inspec tion was made, good-by uttered, aud lads and lassies hurried away. Then came the tug of war. The inward man, Mine Host, and the dinner were thought of ; but before introducing the reader to what took place at the feast we give food for solid reflection iu the prize- list: — Subjoined is the list of awards:— HOBSES. Judges— Messrs, C. G. Doughty, J.P,, Jas. Gardiner. J. Hunter, and W. Wacle. DRAUGHT STOCK. Class 1— Draught entire, over three years old, colonial or imported, first prize, silver medal and £5 f«s., A. J. Edvrards's Benmore; 2nd, certificate framed and £2 2s., J. Davis's Young Agronomer. One other entry. Extra prize, silver cup, value £10 10s., for the best colt or filly of Benmore's stock of the season 1869, presented by Mr. A. J. Edwards, Alex. McGrise's filly. Only entry. Lest draught mare over 3 years old, colonial or imported, first prize, silver medal, J. Robeitson's Farmer's Glory; 2nd, certificate, Ronald McDonald's, J.P., mare. One other entry. Draught colt, under 3 years old, first prize, silver medal, A. J. Edwards's Young Bonmore. Only entry. Draught filly, under 3 years old, prize, certi ficate and £1 Is., Alex. McGrise's filly, by Ben more. Only eutry. BLOOD STOCK. Thoroughbred stallion of any age, three entries, first prize, silver medal, J. Sejmour's Soubadour; 2nd, certificate, Simpson & Ralston's two-year-old colt. Thoroughbred rnare, any age, five entries, first prize, silver medal, John Robertson's Lady of the Lake; 2nd, certificate, John Robertson's Star of the East. HACKNEYS, kc. Backup to 14 stone and above, five entries, first prize, silver medal, R. M. Ronald's Grey Jack; 2nd, certificate, John Robertson's Prince. Hack up to 12 stone, eight entries, first prize, £1 ls.,GeorgeRiddoch'sDonald; 2nd, certificate, A. J. Edwards's Charlie. Carriage horses, three entries, first prize, silver medal, John Riddoch's greys; 2nd, certificate, R. M. Ronald's Grey Jack and Rocket. Light harness horses, three entries, first prize, silver medal, John Robertson's Fanny and Bessy; 2nd, certificate, J. Gardiner's Ghost and Shadow. Single harness horse, four entries, prize, certi ficate and £1 Is., J. D. Sutherland's Charley. Pony under 12 hands, three entries, prize, certificate, and 10s. 6d., Simpson k Ralston's Pony by King Codger. Best shod hackney, six entries, prize, certi ficate and £1 Is., J. A. Watts. Best shod draught horse, two entries, prize, certificate and £l Is., Donald McKay. The last two prizes were awarded to shoeing smiths. CATTLE. Judges— Messrs. Gardiner, McCarthy, aud Tilley. Bull, auy breed or age, one entry, prize, silver niei'al, John Riddoch,- J.P. Cow (in milk), any breed or age, three entries, first prize, silver medal, Ronald McDonald, J.P. ; 2ud, certificate aud £Us., Charles Drake. Two fat oxen showing most symmetry, fat, and weight, one entry, prize, silver medal, Alexander Kerr. Team of eight working bullocks, one eutry, prize, £1 Is., Simpson k Ralston. SHEEP. Judges— Messrs. Robert Ralston, S. Keene, and Todd. '? Two Merino rams, any age, 13 entries, first prized silver medal, James Gardiner; 2nd, cer tificate and £2 2s., John Robertson ; 3rd, cer- ' tificate, John Riddoch. . Two Merino ewes, any age,- 16 entries, first prize, silver medal, J. Gardiner; 2nd, certificate and £2 2s., J. Robertson; 3rd, certificate, J. Robertson. ! Two two-toothed Merino rams, six entries, first prize, silver medal, J. Gardiner; 2nd, cer tificate and £2 2s., J. Robertson; 3rd, certificate, J. Robertson. Two two-toothed Merino ewes, 15 entries, first prize, silver medal, Jas'. Gardiner; 2nd, certificate and £2 2s., John Robertson; 3rd, certificate, J. Robertson. ?????'-; ?? Five wethers as fat sheep, silver medal, Wm. Robertson. Merino ram any age, gold medal, James Gardiner. ' Merino ewe any age, gold medal, William Robertson, ? KXTBA PRIZES. ? Pen 10 Merino rams, three entries, silver cup, value £10 10s., William Robertson, Pen 10 Merino ewes, four entries,, silver cup, value £10 10s., William Robertson! * SHEARING. Judges— Messrs. G. Riddoch, A. McEdwardg, and John McDonald. Silver medal for best sheep shorn on the ground, seven entries, James Ellis. PIGS. Judges-rMeBsrs. W. Britt, R, Ralsfcon, and Jas. Umpherston. Boar, any age or breed, prize £1 Is., John Riddoch, J. P., only entry. Sow, any age or breed, four entries, first prize, £lls., John Riddoch, J.P.; 2nd, certificate, Alex. Kerr. Fat pig, prize £1 Is., Alex. Kerr. POULTBY. Judges— Messrs. Brewster, E. H. Derrington, J.P., and A.W. McGregor, J.P. Turkeys^ best cock and pair of hens, one kind, two entries, prize, 10s. 6d., Mrs. Donald McArthur. Fowls, best cock and pair hens, one kind, three entries, first prize, 10s. 6d., J. Riddoch ; 2nd, certificate, J. Riddoch. Geese, best gander and pair geese, two entries, first prize, 10s. 6d. J. Riddoch., Ducks, best drake and pair ducks, three entries, first prize, 10s. 6d., Mrs. McArthur; 2nd, certificate, Thomas McDonald. GRAIN. Judges— Messrs. A. F. Barrett, J.P., H. Rabone, and Jas. Umpherston, J.P. Wheat, eight entries, first prize, silver cup (value £10 10s.) presented by Mr. Wendt and £10 10s. from Society's funds, John and Thomas McDonald, 66J lbs. ; 2nd, certificate and £1 Is. Ronald McDonald, J.P., 66J lbs. Oats, two entries, prize, silver medal, J. Ralston (?rown by Simpson and Ralston). Special prize, silver cup, value £7 7s., for best sample of wheat grown in South-Eastern District, eight entries, J. Riddoch, 65£lbs, FLOUB. Judges— Messrs. A. F. Barrett, J.P., H, Eittman, and Jas. Umpherston, J.P. Flour, shown by miller, prize, silver medal, two entries, Penola Mill. It was remarked that tho inhabitants of the district should be proud that tho excellent soil produced such capital grain from which millers could manufacture Hour of so superior a character. BOOT CBOPS FOB FODDEB. Judges— Messrs. Brewster, J. McDonald, aud J. Ralston. Root crops for cattle, two entries, prize, silver medal, R. McClure. Mangold wurtzel, two entries, prize, 103. 6d., T. A. Wells. Beet, two entries, prize, 10s. 6d., J. Riddoch. Carrots, three entries, prize, 10s. 6d., T. A. Wells. Special prize for potatoes grown within 20 miles of Penola, ono entry, silver medal, R. McClure. DAIRY FBODUCE, &C.; Judges— Messrs. C. Aubrey, J, McDonald, A. McKeand, and S. McKensrie. Five pounds fresh butter, five entries, 1st prize, silver medal, Ronald McDonald; 2nd, certificate and £1 Is., Mrs. D. McArthur. Jar salt butter, two entries, prize, silver medal, Mrs. D. McArthur. Two colonial cheeses, not less than 14 lbs. each, three entries, first prize, silver medal, Robert Tucker; 2nd, certificate and £1 1?., R. McDonald. Two colonial hams, two entries, prize, £1 Is., J. Riddoch. Two flitches colonial bacon, one entry, prize, £1 Is., J. Riddoch. Hen eggs, four entries, prize, 10s. 6d., R. McDonald. Duck eggs, three entries, prize, 10s. 6d., Mrs. D. McArthur. James and jellies, mado by exhibitor, two entries, prize, 10s. 6d., J. Riddoch. Two loaves bread, home made, six entries, prize, £1 Is., Matthew Clarke. The exhibits in the produce department wero varied, numerous, and excellent. Stoneyfell colonial wine, exhibited by their South-Eastern agent, Mr. J. J. Crane, well worthy of note — three red (No. 1 best), ono white. LADIES' PBIZES FOB FLOWEBS. Judges— Messrs. Brewster, E. H. Derringtou, and A. W. McGregor, J.P. Collection plants in pots, prize, handsome cardcase, Miss Riddoch. Only entry. Bouquet, prize, silver bouquet-holdor, Miss Jessie Riddoch. Two entries. FLOWEBS. Anemones, one entry, prize, 3s. 6d., W. Wilson. Hyacinths, one entry, prize, 3s. 6d., W. Jams, gardener for J. Riddoch. Pansies, one entry, prize, 3s. Gd., W. Jarvis. Crocuses, one entry, prize, 3s. 6d., W. Jarvis. Narcissus, two entries, prize, 3s. 6d., William Wilson. Hyacinths grown in pots, one entry, priza, 3s. 6d., W. Jarvis. Pansies, one entry, prize, 3s. 6d., W. Jarvis. Hand bouquet, not more than five inches diameter, one entry, prize, 3s. 6d., W. Wilson. Collection of bulbous flowers, two entries, prize, 7s. 6d., W. Wilson. Collection cut flowers, exclusive of bulbous, one entry, prize, 7s. 6d., W. Wilson. Table bouquet, one entry, prize, 3s. 6d., W. Wilson. Best six plants in pots, one entry, prize, 7s. 6d., Mrs. Riddoch. Extra exhibit of plants in pots by Mr. Brewster— 'A choice collection.' VECETABLES. Kidney potatoes, one en*-y, prize, 3s. 6d., R, Tucker. Cabbages, two entries, 3s. 6d., W. Wilson. Turnips, four entries, first prize, 2s. 6d., M. Clarke; second do., Is. 6d., R. Tucker. Carrots, two entries, prize, 2s. 6d., R. Tucker. Best kept cottage garden not less than quarter of an acre, one entry, prize, silver medal, W. Wilson—' highly satisfactory.' IMPLEMENTS, &C.; Judges— Messrs. T. Hinckley, J.P., and A. Whitford. General collection farm implements, one entry, prize, Society's silver medal, J. Ralston. General collection machinery for farming pur poses, two entries, prize, silver medal, W, Williams. Improved plough, three entries, prize, 10s. Gd., W. Williams. Cart, two entries, prize, 10s. 6d., D. McKay. Wagon, one entry, prize, 10s. 6d., John Riddoch, J.P. HARNESS. Judges— Messrs. C. G. Doughty and J. A. C. Hunter. Set cart harness for two, prize, certificate and 10s. 6d., M. Clarke. Only entry. Set buggy harness for two, six entries, prize, certificate and 10s. 6d., Greve. Set plough harness for two, prize, certificate and 10s. 6d., M. Clarke. Only entry. Single set buggy harness, three entries, prize, certificate and 10s. 6d., J. Robertson. Riding saddle and bridle, seven entries, prize, certificate and 10s. 6d., R. McDonald. EXTRA PRIZES., Eest kept set harness, three entries, prize, £1 Is., James Gardiner. Best groomed pair horses,three entries, prize, £1 Is., J. Gardiner. BEER. Judges— Messrs. A. J. Edwardsand W. Wade. Best barrel colonial beei, not' less than 30 gallots, brewed in the Sonth-Eastern District. Certificate and £1 Is., one entry, Goedecke aud h'eeligir — r* An excellent brew.' EXHIBITS NOT FOB COMPETITION. j Pair draught horses, draught colt, 12-stpne , hack, R; McClure & Son;;1 ? ''???-] Two cow* for breed; R. McDonald, J.P. -j i Four-wheeled buggy (new principle, a secret ' seat), Thomas White, awarded honourable j mention. . . i Stripping-machinc, winnowing do., W. Wil- j liams. I The Dinner. Shortly after 6 p.m. about 70 persons sat ' down to an excellent spread at the Prince of Wales Hotel, served in Host Edwards's superior ; manner, with viands rich and rare. Mr. John Riddocb, J.P., ' of ., Yallum Park, President of the Society, occupied the chair, and Mr. R. McClure the vice-chair. After the opening sentiments, His Excellency was honoured, the . Chairman ^ bearing testimony to the ?warm' interest displayed in all subjects tending 'to advance the prosperity of the colony. 'The j Parliament,' coupled with the late members, ! was given by the yice-Chairman in a neat, gene rous manner, advising patience before criticising too severely, and urging that the present repre- '- sentatives1 should be allowed to slide a little before they were pulled up. He highly eulo- i gized the conduct of the late members (Messrs. ? Riddoch and Umpherston), contending that, as representatives of the district, they had acted well, while the colony generally had their atten tion. Drunk enthusiastically. Mr. James Umpherston, J.P., responded, hinting that he did not think a great deal of the present Parlia ment. From the way they were shaping he did ' not think the land question was well understood. He had long lost hope of getting much good from Parliament. They gave tho South- East as little as they could but' promises. His late colleague had served them faithfully, at much loss of time and nuney. The representatives returend had no right to change their views upon important subjects that they bad pledged themselves upon. The Chairman remaiked that Mr. Laurie's ideas on land were very crude, and it was wrong for a representative to pledge himself to a certain course. Good men should be selected and con fidence reposed in their judgment, From a requisition about a meeting of electors to con- ; siderMr. Laurie's views he had not much to fear. Constituents sometimes requested members to undertake tasks that would be difficult to perform, and incompatible with their duties. For instance, he was once requested to insist that a certain criminal should be executed. He recom mended givingrepresentativestimebeforejudging them too harshly. Captain French proposed 'The Clergy,' when Father O'Connor re sponded. Tho indefatigable Acting Secretary, Mr. T. H. Acland, whose exertions and atten tion contributed much to success, read the report of prizes, &c;, and Mr. T. Hinckley, J.P., gave ' The Successful Competitors,' pointing out the marked improvement upon tho last Show, especially referring to the sheep as being the best the South- East had ever seen. Whe*at was equally well represented, and generally South- Eastern resources had been well brought forward. This was warmly received. Mr. W. Wade returned thanks for Mr. W. Robertson; and Mr. James Gardiner, of Wando Valo, Victoria, responded, highly commending the exhibits of sheep as the best be had seen in any country district. Mr. John McDonald, as a prize- taker, responded, and said he had not anti cipated being successful, fearing Larger growers. Mr. G. Riddoch, J.P., proposed 'The Judges,' dilating briefly upon the satisfactory way the duties had been performed, although always an unsatisfactory position to occupy, from tho im possibility to please all; for doubtless, however high abilities they might possess, if a duplicate set officiated; some slight difference of award might be given. Mr. Todd, on behalf of those who adjudicated on sheep, said the Judges had pleased themselves if they had not pleased exhibitors. The sheep wero the best he had seen in the district. He suggested encouraging Victorians to exhibit, remarking that tbe swamps of Victoria were detrimental to sheep. Mr, A. F. Barrett, J.P., on behalf of Grain Judges, said they had little difficulty in deciding as to tho 10-guiuea prize, but as to other samples great judgment was needed. He considered tho Penola flour very good. Mr. Gardiner proposed 'The Unsuccessful Competitors,' the Chairman and Mr. John Robertson responding. Tho Hon. Socretary (Mr. W. F. Remington) gave ' Kindred Societies,' returning thanks to Mount Gambier, Coleraine, &c;, for assistance,, hoping to reciprocate. Mr. Derrington replied, dwelling upon the kind feeling existing between Mount Gambier and Penola; and Mr. Gardiner responded on behalf of his colony, he being tho only Victorian exhibitor. 3Ir. Joseph Scott, humorously spoke for Apsley. Mr. J. D. Sutherland pro posed 'The Commercial, Pastoral, and Agri cultural Interests,' briofly referring to the antagonistic feeling sometimes ? exhibited between squatters and farmers, tracing this to as early a period as that of Cain and Abel. A largo portion of the district was not yet fitted for agriculture. Mr. Tilley spoke for the pastoral interest, having been under a cloud, and Mr. Umphorston con sidered that agriculture had also been depressed, but hoped a better time was coming. Agricul ture should have greater facilities for its opera tions; each interest should assist the other, and easier access to markets were needed, as an outlet was required for produce. Tho encourage ment of manufactures was also a duty incumbent upon legislators. The Grain of that Show proved it hod been well harvested, although it wanted weight. Wheat subjected to rain when being harvested would not weigh well. The Hon. Secretary replied for the commercial interest. Mr. Davidson, of Mount Gamkier, ably gave ' The Penola Pastoral, Horticultural, and Agri cultural Society.' Drunk with honours. The Chairman, in responding, spoke af tho spirited manner in which the Vico-Chairman— the father of the Society— had always acted. The Society was but a few years old, and had already developed itself wonderfully. He considered the exhibits very excelleut. He had high hopes that next year the competi tion would be oven better, although of the present they had good reason to bo proud. He had never seen a show equal to it. They con sidered themselves highly honoured by the attendance of so many visitors from Mount Gambier, who materialy enhanced the success. The Vice-Chairman then toasted 'The Visitors,' and this having been cordially received, Messrs. Adam Smith, J.P., T. Hinckley, J.P., and Dr. Graham replied. For 'The Ladies' the happy orator was Mr. Joseph Scott. Mr. Joseph Singleton gallantly replied, and humorously acknowledged the toast amid roars of laughter. The Vice proposed 'The Chairman,' as one well known, ready and willing to aid every good cause with time, money, and talent. Received with cheers, also for Mrs. Riddoch and the little ones. Mr. Riddoch cordially responded, and gave 'The Vice,' to whom was largely due that day's success. After Mr. McCluro tellingly responded, Mr. Charles Seymour gave ' The Press,' which was duly acknowledged, and thus closed the day's proceedings, as far as regarded the Penola Show of 1870. 