THE SAD SPORTING EXPERIENCES ON THE TURF, AND IN THE FIELD, OF MR. TOORAK BROWN TOE KINS* ( Wvittcy, by himself and expressly for Melbourne Punch.) CHAP. I. (Being a little self-introductory, not at all self-complimentary, and very self-exculpatory.) Tinpi'imis.—I had a father, which is more than many stuck-up folks can legitimately aver. But he was not of noble blood. Rather t'other. Secondly (I'm not up in Latin numerals).—I had a mother, and she was not a lady—that is to say, not iu the aristocratic sense of the word; rather t'other again. But she was a good woman, aud therefore a good mother, although LINDLEY MURRAY was little mingled in her talk, and still less in her penmanship. Thirdly.—I was not born with a silver spoon in my mouth—ditto, rather t'other. And yet, judging by past experience, I must have had something spooney in my nature. Fourthly.—I was not educated at collegiate school or university— rather t'other, for the last time; in fact, the little knowledge which is generally whipped into a boy's supposed seat of learning was truly acquired by me at the latter end of my liobbydahoyhood. To sum up (which I never could do practically on slate or in betting-book), and to get a start (which I have seldom got when backing a favourite), suffice it to record that my defunct paternal daddy was a humble tradesman, and that my also demised maternal mammy did not keep a mangle. My father lived and died in the good old days o'f the gold fever. King GEORGE made just one WELLINGTON, and that creation proved singularly fortunate. But Mr.* TOPIUNS, senior, made jmirs of Wellingtons, and their manufacture proved doubly successful, for the horny-handed cordwainer retired to a cottage ornee, and whence, after a slight illness, he was conveyed in a handsome hearse, leaving myself, his only son, a goodly banking account. I must premise, however (as the lawyers say), that my worthy Queen's-English-destroying mother survived him; and that, having always held me by her apron strings, she claimed and used a similar hold of the purse strings. " It aint no manner nor use, Master TOORAK," she would say, " yer axing me for fippun notes. A kid like as you, indeed, to knock down the valley of two pair best calfskin, 'cause you wants to come the swell. A few yearn bye, yer'd have stood on yer '-ead for five hob, * The right of republication of this sporting tale, the vernacular, is specially reserved by Mr. TOPKINS/~AS also Itstraniflatfon into any and every foreign language, with an extra strict clause as to Hebraic and Geelongesft and now yer'd pl^y '-gad or tail for suvrins. No you don't, Master TooBAk'in~ - - " • -- ' ' ' '*•• By-the?bye, J jiav-g reason to believe ih&t;, if ever I was christened at all, my origurai cognomen was THOMAS. I am quife that my old dad called me !3GpM in my childhood; thqugh" pewpg it was only an abbreviation of the Tomfool he also was fai't&e; habit of" designating rne. Bjit, pn pur elevation to the low-lying suburb of South Yarra, the m$ntfe of the neighbouring vice-regal "rp§ideii££ dropped nppn iny shoulders. Our envious acquaintances, instead of speaking of us a^ the TQFlpNSES at Toorak, had sneeringly nicfeamedus the ZborqklfypMti&cs.; Alas! alas! I fear me that it was this name— Too-rafc—Which led to ruin. " THOMAS BROWN FQPJCINS,^' on $ card, wpuld hayp smelt of the shop. The announcement OF "Mr, THOMAS TOPKINS" from the mouth of a grinning flunkey would have caused two-fold grinning on the countenances of assemble;! Melbourneocracy. But "TOORAK BROWN TOPKINS, Esq.," looked well, and sounded better; §o I stuck to the tinsel gilding of the plain gingerbread. I do not think that my natural inclinations were towards sporting matters—that is to say, that I was not " of the horse, horseynor of the chase, chasey. I can only trace my affiliation thereto to my grateful progenitor's constant letting out (when the hot toddy was in) of that time-honoured' adage, " In foul or fair weather, There's nothing like leather!" Dutifully anxious to meet half-way his oft-repeated addendum of " So stick to it, lad!" but equally anxious to hide what I owed to hip, I therefore compromised with my conscience, and sought to appease "my father's ghost" by electing pig-skin as the special leather of my devotion. When I referred just now to the ungrammatical peroration of TOPKINS mere as to " fippun notes," it was to verbally prove that at this period of my youth the " mare was truly the better horse. 1 ' My age was then virtually sixteen: but the precocity of a colonial lad, who has had the luck to inherit the hard earnings of an industrious sire, caused me to fancy myself f'downey" before the down even showed on my chin. Although the dear old soul did want a deal of coaxing before she would tickle my pahn with " suvverins " for pocket-money, I had found no difficulty in getting tich at a stunning tailor's, whilst Jew and jeweller were (at their own price) equally accommodating. Consequently, in outrageous imitation of the flash taste of the horsey fellows whom I aimed to dress at, I rigged myself out in the extremest absurdities of Newmarket cutaway, cheese-plate buttons, groom-like vest, gorgeous scarf, immense equine breast-pin, horse-shoe studs, a gold (?) curb-chain fit for a Chifney bit, a whip heavy enough for a prpfessional huntsman, trousers a trifle tighter than my skin, and long-»ecked spurs (though I iiad never yet been outside even a moke). This is the portrait of my get-up, copied from a photo, which I proudly sat for to JOHN- STONE and O'SHANNBSSY, and the negative of which I am pretty positive is still in their possession. The special object of this turfy tog was to create a sensation on my first visit to the Flemington Course. It was the year of Flying Buck's over-vaunted champion victory; and I had been confidentially obliged with a " wrinkle" by a self-elected friend, whom I had also confidentially obliged with the frequent half-crown he was so short of for small change. This party—not " a party of the name of JOHN- SON''—was a tall, seedy-looking chap, with an ever-greasy hat, an ever-greasv tongue, and an ever-greasy palm. Couldn't he just talk horse"by the yard! I looked upon him as a veritable Triton to Admiral Rous's veritable minnow—at least I should so have looked on him had I then ever heard of the racing SOLON—and a trite'unhe proved to be. This aforesaid wrinkle was in respect to an animal called " Sapor," and, strange anomaly of nomenclature, the property of a certain well-known' ColdneL "It's the biggest certainty out," said my greasy, seedy informant. << You have only to put a M fiver" on the tight may, and you mus win." " But," blushingly stammered I, " I don't think (didn't I well know I hadn't?) that I have five pounds on me." " Get it, my boy—get it," he replied. " Gan ? t you gammon the old lady it's your duty to subscribe to the hospital 1 It's a dead gift if you pop it on right." So, being again short of small change, he borrowed his usual halfcrown, and T rushed straightway home to try the riecommended gammon. Despite the bad Saxon of her reply, as above recapitulated, her heart was softer than her tongue. I got the coveted " fippun note," arid the next chapter will relate how this was the flimsy avantcourier of many after flying " flimsies." But my seedy acquaintance of the grea«y hat was fright as nihepence" as to the certainty. ( To be concluded in our next*) 