gwietta Brians. BY THE AUTHOR OF "GEORGE GEITH OF FEN COURT." Thi MclostTerizhtof pabUihln* "Anttin Friart" in AutnHa lu* be»B pmrtHifit by tCe Proprietor* el the Adelaide Oherter. CHAPTER I. A CITY 1KTERIOB. Where -the trains now go puffing in and out of Cannon-street Terminus, there stood before the recent changes which have made modern London almost unrecognisable to those who knew it when Tecentchanges were undreamed of- alarge house in & cul-de-sac calledScott's-yanL Concerning who Scott may have been, and why he was considered worthy of having a Ktd named after him, not merely general t local history is silent; yet that the place was where I have indicated, is certain from the fact that Scott's-yard still remains-a venr ghost and spectre of its former self. Gone is the ancient graveyard; gone are the beat and largest of its hottses. Where the bones of the citizens crumbled into dust, cinders from innumerable engines now strew the gronncL Where men and wuwen had their homes, other men and woitien now crowd the railway platform. The individualism of 8ctott'8-yaxd has deputed. - The Quaker boarding-noose, the lawyers' offices, the whilom Lord Mayor's chambers with their entrance in Turnwheel lane, the few trees growing in the graveyard, the blackened twnigardea monuments, the high iron railings, the parish ladders hung , against the wails, the wretched patch of Ei, the whole of Turnwheel-lane^ are ; and in lieu thereof, we behold, not a . y city nook, a quiet pool apart from the iufman torrent which sweeps through the neighbouring thoroughfares, bat trails covered with advertising boards, and an unromantic glass roof covering a terminus from whence one can proceed to various places too numerous to mention. Behold the locality! Where the great city station and the great city hotel now are, there stood formerly a city bank and a city insurance company. Peace be to their memory! j Over their remains, the trains sweep grandly in and out as a great lady of the ; olden time swept, in her magnificent selfish ness, over all inferior feelings, loves, passions, regrets. Bat what would you ! It is never out of the present, but always out of the "few years back," out of the joyous, out of the sorrowful, out of the irrevocable past that we romancers-true historians, though the people will not always believe us to be so weave oat tales; for which reason I ask you, leader, dear reader, who have walked with me ere now over so many and many a mile of the city pavements, to forget all about the Cannon-street Terminus, and go back with tnA in spirit to the time when Scott's-yard was as quiet as Laurense Pountney-lane and Fen-court are still. There were but few houses in Scott's-yard; the last one on tbe right-hand side, as a person entered the court from Bush-lane, .was only No. 5, but this was a large, orjiat least apparently ilarge, dwelling, with two windows on each sice of the hall-door and one very wide window at the gable-end, ?which last overlooked the graveyard before mentioned. Thin ia the house I would ask you to enter ?with me; and as we CTOSB the threshold, I observe you look inquiringly at the names on the linteL What do you make of them ? Ground-floor: LORENZO & Co. First-floor: JOH>* Marks N. LCCC.1. Second-floor: A. £"hiars & Co. There the record _anc* y°u tarn inquiringly towards your guide. Thflfactis, this story nas nothing to.do with Lorenzo & Co., or Marks, or Lucca, lint only with A. Friars, whose Company is a myth, and who really rents the entire house, sab-letting, at considerable pecuniary advantage to himself, the ground and first floors of the said desirable premises. On the night when you must, if you ever read these pages, make his acquaintance, he is not at home, but we will go up to his office and wait there for him. "Bb is certain not to be late," so another, who is waiting for him likewise, says to herself softly j but we will not proceed to the room occupied by this person till you have visited all the lower part of the house. You must know every nook and corner in it some day, so we may as well begin methodi cally. As the front door opens we enter a small hull, paved with diamond-shaped blocks of black and white marble. Immediately facingus is Lorenzo & Co.'s private office ; on our right is Lorenzo & Co.'s clerks' office; to the left is the staircase we mast ascend, which really occupies a fourth of the entire boose, and is lighted on each floor except the ground by three windows. Until the respec tive offices of John Marks and N. Lucca are readied, the ascent is not very good ; bat from that point it widens into broad, easy steps, with heavy old-fashioned balustrades ana curiously-turned balusters. Evidently the first portion, covered with ig new; though for what inscrutable purpose the original plan was changed, it is ! difficult to imagine. In the hall to the left, on a line with the staircase, is a door opening on to a flight of steps,that lead down to the kitchens, awfal places below the level of the graveyard, and probably, indecid, built over a portion of it, when the moisture from the rank, foul earth outside makes its way within, and drips slowly down the walls-places where meat Will not keep, where silver gets dulled, where myriads of small black flies-flies belonging to no honest and healthy breed-Clover the dressers, and .crawl over the improving misccilany of light and entertaining reading, adorned with numerous exciting woodcuts, ?with which a wearied, purposeless-looking maid-servant is amusing herself. The front-kitchen, in which she sits, the more cheerful of the two-not that kitchen like a vault, where thfe moisture drips down and the top of the window is on a level with the churchyard-walk-is clean enough; the covers hanging against the walls reflect back the bright firelight, the floor is free from grease or stain, the plates ace all ranged tidily away, and the servant's work is clearly over for the night; whereupon we, having now made a sufficiently distinct plan^of the house, will proceed upstairs, and, leaving the maid absorbed in the thrilling delights of Stnpert the Avenger, try to make the acquaintance of that maid's mistress. She is in the office on the second-floor, you will be kind enough to observe; and after the first glance you withdraw your eyes, tliinlfjng thin woman I have brought you into such regions to see, not especially entitled to notice. That at the first glance is your idea, xou consider a woman clad in sad- coloured garments with but small pretensions to beauty-not old, yet still looking older than she really is-unworthy so special an introduction. _ A sentence sums up your opinion. So be it. You will see plenty of her before this stozy is ended; wherefore take your choice now, friend. Leave her at this pointy or else agree to hear of her to the end. There is no gas in that room, but the light from a lamp falls down on her lovely face. Lovely-I speak advisedly, for I am writing now not as Yorke Friars impressed pwipln at first sight, bat as they come to regard her after weeks, months, years. That face, bent down over her needlework, was grave almost beyond endurance ; it had a sad shadow over it, pitifal to behold on the of one so young; for Yorke Friars was still young, as we count age in a wife- barely eeven-and-twenty. She' had her reasons, doubtless, for Ifrplriiift.tiad ; for, inthe first place, she was often veiy lonely £ farther, she was clever a curse to any woman not born in the puiple^ and who kasfreqnently her way to posh amoiigntttorlyUioompeteat and inapprecUtive peobte ; and last,* bat by; no means least of :.i aiL.iitte wias loving, unselfish, devoted. , Are there not in those three words, grouped thus together, the elements of a Romance? She loved, die never thought of herself, she was devoted to another. And that other? The needle came and Trent, and the ban- thoughts flew oat and returned with it; new ont to where it was, returned to where he dionld be. What had she not borne for his sake, became she loved him-alas for her! since he was not worthy the love of amy woman, whether Baint or sinner. And yet with jail hia heart, and with all his soul, and with oil his strength he loved Yorke Friars, who was as near « saint in those days as a sinner may be. | _ The women who exercise the greatest influence on men's lives are not, I take it as a -role, beantifuL Were this idea-wrong we should find nations snbjugated ana empires freed by the contour of a figure, by the perfection of a faoe; bnt tins ire kno# is not so; by mere beauty, so far as beauty means regular features, pencilled eyebrows, raven or auburn tresses, _ and so forth, every one who has any experience of the world is well aware that very little has been achieved, that few fates are mamd, few destinies controlled. When passing through a portrait gallery, we behold the oelebrated beauties of bygone times-the belles who made havoc not only with their own reputations, bnt also with the hearts of their admirers, the toast of whom men drank deep in the strong wines that were affectedin that moretnuscalarage we cannot help marvelling where the charm lay, whatit was which lit up those to us unin teresting features, that swayed kings, that bowed the hearts of warriors, that changed the counsels of statesmen, (hat brou4»ht about rebellions, and wrought all the romance of history. For certainly, as a rule, these women-of whose faces the painters have tried to preserve a record for posterity-are not qandsome. No doubt there were much more penect oeaucies in vnoBe (lays, con cerning whom tradition says never a word, who wondered, as ladies wonder .now, " what men can see In that creature with the large month, or in that other still more contemptible chit, who is little and insignificant, and who has not a solitary good feature in her face." True; bat then it was not in carved statues that the kings and their courtiers, the soldiers, the fops, and the statesmen delighted, but in flesh and blood that could beautify its features at will; that had every variety of expression; that could smile and be sad, be winning, cruel, desponding, exulting; that conld fascinate and repel, bring sorrow, and then repent over it. Whether, however, this theory be correct or erroneous, it is quite certain that the woman whose life's story mingled with whatever was best and most pathetic in Austin Friars' experience could lay no claim to strict beauty. In her girlhood no one found much to say in her favour save.that she had nice eyes; bnt there are some people whose loveliness develops when that of others is on the wane ; and so, in her womanhood, those who knew Yorke Austin best said she owned the "sweetesteyes were ever seen;" sweetest, tenderest, truest, saddest-eyes in which lay the shadow of a great trouble and a great repentance; eyes concerning the colour whereof no two persons agreed-shaded by long black lashes that had been wet and heavy with tears shed because of the sorrow of her life; of the grief she tried, and tried successfully, to hide from the mm who had been more to her than all the earth-for whose tardy return she is waiting when we first make her acquaintance. After the fashion of the time, her hair was brought smoothly down on her forehead, and then gathered up in a knot behind-a large, thick knot of brown hair, with a ripple in it that proved, had she taken out the confining comb, it would have floated in soft flowing curls over her shoulders. She wore it thus when a girl, when her life had still to be lived, when her lot had still to be chosen; and there was one who always remembered those tresses, unconfined as Norah Creina's, with a pain at his heart, the sharpness of which time could not dull, nor the years, as they came and went, relieve. She was dressed in black-no one of the 1 few people who then made up her little world had ever seen Yorke Friars save in mourning-and this sombre attire made her unusual pallor more noticeable. i Time had been when a slight colour ! mantled in her face; but now there was not even a tinge of pink on her cheek, and yet she was perfectly healthy. Her paleness was not the result of sickness, but of long j heart-struggles, of much confinement, of i want of the strength-giving breezes that blew j over the hills and dales of ner country home. Her hands, as they fell into her lap with i the piece of needlework she held, looked white as camellia-leaves, and she had no rings save a gold one on the third finger of the left hand, and a keeper set round with small diamonds that sparkled in the lamplight. She was delicately shaped, gracefully formed, and of that "just size" Queen Elizabeth extolled, which is, after all, perhaps the only perfection of height for a woman. . There is her sketch as Austin Friars would have made it-finished just in time, for, hearing his latchkey turn in the lock, she rose hastily, and went out to the landing to meet him. If he had not seen her bending over the balusters as he ascended the stairs, he would have imagined there must be something the matter, since, save during one long illness, Austin Friars never remembered the time when he had to open a door to discover her whereabouts. She always came to greet his return-to ask if he were tired, if he were cold, if he were vexed, if he had got wet. : Through all the years they had never grown indifferent, never fallen into that state of oonjugal rudeness which makes a woman less courteous to her husband than she would be to a guest, which renders a man less civil to his wife than to the most casual of his acquaintance. Through the years they had never quarrelled, though the man's temper was none of the sweetest, and although, in her youth, dependents and friends had likened Yorke's fits of passion to thunder storms. Through the years the words " mine" and "thine" had never been spoken in the sense of personal possession. They had worked together, struggled together, suffered together-this woman, whom you have seen seated by the fire, and Austin Friars, who dowly ascending the stairs, looking up at the sweet welcoming face of her he had loved so much if not so welL " You are tired," she said, as, slipping her hand into his, they entered the room together. "Will yba have any supper? Anne has not yet gone to bed." " I seem only to have just finished dinner," he answered. "Should yon like a cup of tea?" was the next question. "ko," he said; but immediately after wards changed the "No" to "Yes," adding, " 1 have a bad headache." She turned to go downstairs; but he detained her, asking, " Can you not ring the bell, and let Anne bring up what you want?" "tMy dear Austin," she answered, " t.hin1r of how many journeys Anne has up and down these stain in the course of a day; I am not an atom tired. Let me go; I shall be back in a moment; please let me go." He took his hand away from her arm, and with his eyes followed her as she left the room. Then he turned towards the fire, a«d looked moodily into it, thinlring how he. was to say what he had to say to her what he was fully determined to say before he slept. There is no accounting for women's tastes, or for the sorts of men they love. Certainly, even from a physiognomist's point of view, Austin Friars did not seem worth the sacri fice of a life's hopes and prospects, though, as timeb go, he was a handsome individual, perfectly conscious of the fact. His was the sort of appearance that fancies blue neckties and light clothing are becoming to ft, that impresses the beholder with the idea of beixe exoeasively "glad of itself," font haB always something to advance in its own favour, that is perfectly «t ease con cerning the impression it is likely to make, iuid/that would be greatly surprised if anyone ventured to suggest that it was not very distinguished indeed. Owing to the colour of his hair, which was light, crisp,-and curly, to his fair complexion, to the Blijgbtoeaa of his figure and his studiously careful get-tip, he looked several yeats younger than bis actual «£e; and as he leaned against the chimneypieee, in orthodox evening costume-a costume that Baited him much better thangrey tweeds and splendid < neckties-he musthave seemed, even to the eyes of those who did not particularly admire his style of appearance, a very personable man. Yorke Friars had always thought this, at all events, which was so much the worse for her. She returned almost immediately, a little out of breath with running upstairs;. and , after saying, "Tea will bi» up directly," lesumed her seat, and b^gan asking him now ; he had enjoyed himself, u there were many people, andhowMiss Monteith was dressed "fineis very pretty, you say, Austin?' she added enquiringly. And he answered "Very pretty, indeed; and she wore a white dross trimmed with blue, and forget me-nots in her hair, all of which were exceedingly becoming to her." "And yon really think Mr. Monteith intends to stand your friend ?" Yorke further enquired. *.1 am surehe does," was the reply; " but l wfll tell you all about it after I nave had a cup of tea. My head aches desperately." If he had said his heart ached, he would have struck nearer the mark; for an awful fight bad being going on there for many a day between bis selfishness and his affection, between the worst part of him and the best, between his determination to go on his own way, and a feeling that his own way could not lead to happiness for himself, or aught save utter misery to Yorke. It had been going on for months past, and yet Yorke was only cognisant of anything being amiss through the strange instinct which makes woman feel misfortunes are approaching, though they may still be too distant to fling even a shadow before them. Snt to-night the fight was over, the event decided, and Yorke had to be told all about it. If he could only have formed an idea as to how she would take the intelli gence he meant to communicate, he felt the story might be more easily repeated; but Yorke to him still remained an enigma, and the only thing of which he felt certain was that she would not receive his news after the fashion of any other woman. Would the passion he knew lay under her quiet manner break out at last ? Would she be very angry, very indignant, at first, and then fall into his plan ultimately ? The man hoped it might be thus; for she had loved him so long, and she loved him so much. "She cannot change all that in a moment," he thought, looking at her face speculatively. "I could not;" which last mental assertion only went to prove that the two were of very different natures indeed. "I am afraid something has annoyed you," Yorke said after a few minutes' silence. "What is it?" "Iapll tell you presently," he said; and he drank his tea, and then went to his table to see what letters had arrived by the evening's post, and afterwards proceeded downstairs to look that the house was properly fastened up, while Yorke waited patiently for some blow which she felt was coming. When she heard him slowly reascending the stairs, unconsciously she put out her hand as if to thrust something back which she beheld approaching; then, as he entered the room, she knit her fingers together, and, looking enquiringly towards him, listening to hear what he might have to say. 