It should be and must be highly gratifying to the inhabitants of this vast continent to' note the news brought by the last mail'. : Perhaps it may be thought that we observe from a selfish point of' view. Par from it. It is pleasing to find that -at last Australian advantages have begun to be appreciated. There has arisen a tendency to. understand us as we never before have been understood. > Time was when we were, in the dimly lighted i minds of our brethren under the world, considered as a compound of the savage and i the convict but in later days, after the toil some and fastidious consideration so peculiar to the race called English, we are found to possess resources of our own and the willing ness to make the best of them with compe tent help. The stupid, trifling answers, of j the Colonial Office illustrating the principle (or the want of it), of " how not to do it," . are no longer to be heard, and an open , confession has- been made that Australia, of ! all the countries in the world, is the field for ; the exertion of the willing emigrant. There is a certain poetie feeling connected with the separation of families or eonnectioi.s very , nice one in ihe abstract when the talk comes about " going abroad."" Old folks — women especially — have been heard to exclaim in : the old country, " Thank Heaven, I never did see .London, and please Goodness! 1 . won't do it now I" Taking a sort of credit : by the assertion. It will not do now-a-days. The feeling that prompted Sir "Walter Scott to write his poem on "Love of Country" was one essentially of an island character. A man may feel proud of the country of his birth, naturally and fairly too, but there is no need of the mechanical fact of his placing "his foot upon his native heath" and exclaiming, "This is my own, my native fend." 'We can proclaim our native land in our every day thoughts and actions, and with all that, should absorb the peculiar feelings, that eling round the heart in remembrance of home in the actual belief that we are now of Australia and Australians. Much better would many things go if we thought this The mist of the future would break away into the sunshine of reality, and we should be happier and better subjects to the laws Divine and human altogether. It is consola tory to know that Mr. Yerdon is doing his duty by us Victorians. Ho seems not to have lost sight of any opportunity of bring ing his adopted country well and favourably before its somewhat stern and not unfre- quently, rather capricious mother. We read that in February, "Mr. Yerdon went down to Plymouth to inspect the emigrants on board the Crusader ; that he had been very indefatigable in collecting a good class of labourers who would have no cause to complain, so far as it depended on him, of their comfort not being looked after on board." These announcements and the candid and cordial recognition of Mr. Yer don on all public occasions as representing Victoria cannot fail to be of immense ad vantage to us as a colony. Still much depends upon ourselves. Every one should think that he has to look to the general good, from the conduct and management of his own family to the desire to improve the great cause of advancement in the matters of education, practical skill, and, above all, example. We repeat that we are delighted to see this newly found recognition of Aus tralia, and only regret we cannot send a score or two of our local youngsters to open the eyes of those who wonder what Aus tralia really is. We fancy they could shew the stuff " emigrants" are made of. No wonder Mr. Charles Matthews was "aston ished and delighted" at what he saw in Melbourne. He found "that people were decently clad and professed the manners of ladies and gentlemen ; that fierce costumes with six-shooter accompaniments were not, and that altogether we wer® comparable with the dear old country. While we con gratulate ourselves upon the recognition so tardily accorded to us,, let us by every means in our power endeavour to sustain our own character and self-respect. There can be no doubt but that the princi pal attraction on Easter Monday — next Monday- — will.be the. great demonstration at the Prince's Park. Maryborough, for the good of one of the best institutions in the district — the Maryborough Hospital. : The entertainments provided by the active and competent committee are, in themselves, attractive beyond all such things',- they serve to secure the attendance of a portion of the public, but a large section of the inhabitants look upon the celebration as one not of mere show and display, but as affecting the per manent and indispensable support of a highly useful, merciful and comprehensive charity. A careful analysis of the returns of the details. - of hospital management at Maryborough will not fail to convince the veriest unbeliever or grumbler that combined effort has led to the consummation of ines timable benefits to the sick and maimed. Let this belief continue, say w.e, in all its hearti ness and good faith. Let the. remembrance - of the inestimable benefits conferred upon the whole of the community round about us be now well borne in mind. It is no. com mon thing, this festival.. It, assumes an ad ' captandum shape, as every thing must do to 'secure attention in this fleeting, im pulsive population; but, let kind' friends and readers look a little deeper. Go and .stand by the bedside of the- sick and wounded. Listen to the smothered moan of the strong man suddenly deprived of the use of a limb through accident, or it unhappily may be negligence on his own part.. Mark the eager look for help, the clear eye-ball,, comprehending in very weakness of body everything going on around I Listen 'to the doctor's cheerful, kind and assuring tone as. he gpes-from bed to bed,, certain to remember each symptom, and to individua lize each patient. Then look at the cleanli ness and- comfort accorded to each patient, and hear his thanks when he leaves, a cured but weaker man, may be-. Out of all these the lesson of true charity has to be learnt. Not out of the mere glitter and display of ;fhe E'aster Monday's pageant will you find :the moral - but look upon it for its; purpose i and its kind and beneficent end, and you- will : be glad to have lent a helping hand for the ' thourougbly glorious cause. Our Marybo rough friends have to be thanked and con - : gratulated upon the efforts- they have made. The "times," so often the subject of lainen- tation, have been all against public amuse- , ments of any sort, and " the strife to live" : has here and there been bitter enough. In the instance of the "Maryborough Hospital Carnival," we sincerely hope and trust- all will lend a helping hand to the utmost of | their power, and those who do so may be , satisfied that the reward will be sure to come in' the remembrance of a good deed done ; and a righteous purpose served. It- seems to be a national if not natural observa- , tion to make on meeting a friend or acquaintance that the weather is this or that, although a somewhat . cynical writer has put it— " If a man cannot see if a fine day it be, ! Or a wet one, hell never want telling, mark me !" But of the weather during the past week we are ; constrained to say something. It has been cold and hot, fine and stormy, bright and gloomy, On W ednesday and Thursday we had a fine rain indeed, , gladdening the hearts of many, and contributing a supply of the very necessary element water to those who have- taken the precaution to build tanks, which will last a long time. Winter seems to have commented " like a lamb" — not in the lion like fashion of the old proverb . The season altogether ; has been very favourable, as may be judged by the plentiful supply of wholesome and beautiful fruit, and we should not repine therefore at the eccentri cities of the seasons. General Tom Thumb and his wife, Commodore Nut t, and Miss Minnie Warren are announced to appear at Avoca on the 25th (the day of our County Court by the way). They will make their respec tive bows and courtesies at Trevena's Theatre, and may be assured of a warm reception. Pressed on as Avoca has been with "entertainments," so called, this is sure to be attractive, as it is a thing we " bushpeople" under the Pyrenees have not seen before, and are not likely to see again. The diorama of Mr Alexander, given at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday, was not particularly well patronised. It was good of its kind, but pro fessing to be only dioramic tableaux of the life and adventures of Tom Thumb, and not Tom Thumb himself, in the face of the announcement that the General himself would shortly appear, people were not so much interested as might have been expected and the attendance was comparatively small in consequence. Nevertheless it was a creditable entertainment. On Monday and Tuesday evenings, Mr. W. A. Chapman gave magical, illusory, and certainly highly entertaining and clever performances, at Trevena's theatre. There was a tolerably good attendance on each evening, notwithstanding the heavy rain of Tuesday night. The tricks shewn were of the order first class, while the running commentary of Mr Chapman was witty and pleasant without the slightest tinge of aught that could offend the most delicate taste. Mr Chap man has evidently taken great pains to make him self master of the attractive art he possesses, and there is a neatness and dexterity about his mani pulation somewhat startling to the eye but grati fying at the same time. We were particularly struck with the feat of the rings ; and the explana tion of the " Davenport trick" on the second evening was clear, clever, and well illustrated. The sack full of ghosts was excessively funny, and provoked surprise and laughter. The grand seeond sight business, by " Willie" was astonishing, as he not only told (thoroughly blindfolded, andj with his back turned to the questioners), what they held in their hands, but absolutely the dates on coins defects in watches, and their numbers inside, hut the size of rings, peculiarities of jewellery, &c.;, taken promiscuously from the audience. Viewed- altogether, so unique an entertainment has seldom been seen in Avoca, and we wish Mr Chapman every success wherever he goes, not only for his perseverance under somewhat adverse circumstances as to weather and counter attractions, but on ac count of his gentlemanly and unassuming demeanor in his endeavours to amuse the public. We should mention that " Willie" is a most able and .intelligent assistant. , The Fruit Soiree held on Monday evening, in the Town Hall, for the augmentation of the Building Fund of the new Wesleyan Sabbath- school house, at Avoca, was not only well conceived hut excellently carried out and attended- Not fewer than 150 persons were present, and all deno minations were represented ; indeed the very pleas ing amalgamation of the Wesleyan and Presby terian Church choirs led to the rare enjoyment for the lovers of good music, and the concerted pieces were admirably got through. A trio, called "Sal vation," — the words being from the pen of Mr C. F W eston, to the pleasing melody of the well- known song, " To-morrow," was very nicely sung by Miss Ambler, Mrs Henry, and the Misses Kil- patrick. Miss Ritchie accompanied the choral voices on the harmonium throughout. The address of Mr Ick, M.A., on "Sunday Schools," was listened' to with great attention and was well received. The fruit distributed was abundant as to supply and "the best quality, and consisted of grapes, pears _ and' othar things . tempting to the juvenile palate; The eagerness of the children to secure their share — and sometimes a little more- was the source of much amusement, almost every available article of attire at all Ioore being converted into extemporaneous depots to the risk of spoliation by crushing and consequent damage to holiday garments. Nevertheless, although merriment was excited, the serious and earnest purpose of the occasion was held in mind by those of maturer years, and we have evei y reason to believe that such purpose met its full' reward iu a monetary as well as social sense. Sirailtaneously with the supply of young fish introduced from the Murray to the Avoca River by the local Acclimatisation Society, a very remarkable introduction of young bream to the river has taken place. The fish are apparently the genuine Murray bream, and have found their way most probably from Lake Boga during the last winter floods. At Natte Yallock the- young fish, about three inches ' long, are- so plentiful that anglers for blackfish are constantly hooking young bream iu unorthodox ' fashion, that is by the hooks when drawn up- at taching themselves to their backs or fins. The season for anglers on the Avoca River has. been- a most successful one, heavy takes having been made , during the last few months. Mining matters have been- excessively dulls In this district for some time past, partly owing to the- want of rain, but chiefly from the general stagna- ! tion in- raining matters throughout the colony. As ! something cheering we are glad to say that we now ! have before us the prospectus of the Melbourne 1 and Avoca- Gold Mining Company, Avoca, which it is proposed shall be- registered under the Limited Liability AGt.- The names of the provisional i directors are substantial, and. the undoubted con fidence expressed as to the value of the New ; Holland Company's property, the portion- of the ground proposed to be worked comprising 125 , acres, should secure a large application for shares, \ By advertisement in another column it will be : seen that an extensive sale of Crown fends will be ' held at Talbot on the 29th instant. The lots to be offered are situated in various parts of the district, viz , at Lamplough,. Glenmona, Talbot, Amherst, ; Lilicur, Eglinton, &c-.;, many of the block being . within easy distance of Avoca. We remind our readers that Friday next is the day appointed for closing the English Mail at the local post office. His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne will preach two sermons in St. J'ohn Church,, Avoca, on Sunday next (morning and evening), and will administer the rite of Confirmation at three o'clock in the afternoon. On the day following the Bishop will address the children of the Sunday school in the Church at half- past two o'clock p.m., when parents and the public are also invited to attend. The tea- meeting at first proposed to be held in connection with these services has been postponed, we are informed, for a month ; of this, howeveE, further notice will be given. Andrew Vere, accused of the murder of Mr Amos Cheale, some time since, the particulars of whose capture are well known to our readers, left . Avoca for Ararat, per coach, on Monday morning last, under a competent and careful escort. We had a few words of conversation with him, and he ; appeared to regard the whole affair as something like a j,oke, repeatedly laughing as he recounted the history of his long concealment. There was, how ever, a strange kind of vacancy in his looks and laughter, whether arising from his peculiar position or from the operation of his mind it would be difficult to say. It would scarcely be correct, oc fair, to give any of the history we speak of at present, but we may say that when the proper time arrives we shall probably publish a memoir in a narrative and appropriate form, for seldom has the culmination of feelings in the human heart been so strangely brought out as in the case of the unfor tunate man. The Circuit Court at Ararat at which he will be tried, will be held we believe on the 14th July; We were yesterday shown a fine sample of coarse water-worn gold, weighing 2oz 2dwt 14gr, from the Sphinx Company's Claim at Redbank, the produce of thirteen feet of driving. We are informed that the present machinery has been found inade quate to the requirements of the mine, and the ground having been proved payable as far as pros pected the works have been stopped until the necessary appliances have been procured. 1 1 is the intention of the shareholders, we believe, to reor ganise the Company, and recommence operations on a more extended scale. The Sale of Gifts in aid of the Presbyterian Church Fund was held on the evenings of Tuesday and Wednesday last. The commit foe of the Church are very thankful for the kind assistance rendered, , and for the generosity displayed, especially by the ladies whose taste and industry so greatly contri buted to the good result. The proceeds amounted in- the gross to £64 2s 4d, which in these transient times of depression is a very handsome figure. 1 Much of the success is due to the efforts and grace ful presiding over the stalls of Mesdaraes Downie, Mather, Smith and Kaye, who bad fair and stren uous assistants in the Misses- Johnstone, Brown and Tennant. The Rev. Mr Mather has been unceas ing in his endeavours to promote the good cause, and it may be surely depended upon that they will meet with due appreciation. The thanks of the committee are warmly offered to the Avoca Brass Band for their kind attendance on- both evenings of the " Sale.'" The Albion Company report a stoppage of opera- . tions on Thursday morning, owing, we believe to some slight mishap to the working gear. The : defection has since been remedied, but has to be regretted as the yield for the first three days, 30oz, gave promise of something beyond the average. We are sorry to have to report the serious illness of Me Henry Hall, the Shire Secretary. Although suffering considerably for some time past, Mr Hall continued at his post until within the last few days. We trust soon to hear of his beirig enabled to< resume his official duties.. A fine specimen of a very rare bird in Victoria Himantopus Australi'ensis, or by its better known English name the Stilt, was shot on- the- Avoca River yesterday, by Mr Charles Haig. The bird, which was brought to our office, varies from the English variety of the order " waders," and is of most beautiful plumage. According to the local weather wise the appearance of the bird portends a.- more than usually wet season. We have to announce the sudden death of Mr John Terapleton, the Mining Surveyor of Beaufort, which took place on Tuesday morning last, when he was found dead in his bed.. The deceased gen tleman who was the- brother of Mr Templeton, late Warden of Avoca, had up- to- the: tirae.of his death, enjoyed, good, health his death is said to have been caused by apoplexy. Mir Templeton was highly, respected by all who knew hi'm. In th e Police Gazette the attention of the police is called to the necessity for doing; all in their power to- enforce compliance with the provisions of the acts for the protection of fisheries and game. Pheasants, deer, and fish have been success fully acclimatised in various localities, but are sub ject to great risks, from, the attacks of foolish and knavish persons; The S- A. Register , in an article on the" Extent of t he Exodus," has the following :: — " In round; numbers the information at our disposal shows that some 400 agriculturists have left or are leaving their holdings in South Australia. This is exclu sive of those who have gone away to make a com mencement at farming in the neighbouring colony,, and also of persons who have not been directly attached to the soil here, and have left with a general view of bettering themselves in whatever pursuit seems most promising. Of the 4.00 men tioned above, some 240 or 250 have left or are leaving for Victoria,, in the proportion of 60 or 70- freeholders to 180 or 190 tenant farmers. Rather more than one-fourth of the total are freeholders,, the remainder being tenants. Those not included in the exodus to Victoria are- accounted for as- having gone to Narracoorte or to new land in the North> as having been sold up or as having gone without leaving their addresses behind them. Con siderably more- than- one-half are spoken of as having actually left, whilst there are scores who are said to- be- very desirous of heaving if they could only break the tie that binds them to the colony without suffering too much- in the opera tion."- The female heart is acknowledged to he pecu liarly susceptible to romantic- sentiment. It is a failing which many young girls have discovered' to their sorrow, only when too- late; A hard matter of fact woman is not particularly attractive to the opposite sex, and one who is too prone- to romantic sentiment is m danger. That there is a proper medium in all things is a lesson that was learnt by some fifteen or twenty young women who were the victims of a practical joke on Sunday evening last — a les:on that should be consigned to the memory of every female who desires to be modest and true- to woman's nature. The circumstances of the case we allude to are these t — A number of young girls, some of them of very respectable parentage, received, during the course of last week, each s note purporting to come from an amorous swain who was desperately in love with the recipient, asking for an interview at a certain fountain in the Fitzroy Gardens, at a particular hour. Some fif teen or twenty foolish girls responded to the invi tation. The first to arrive at the trysting place was ehagrined when another of the sex came to the same sequestered spot, and both were equally astonished when a third made her appearance. Many and various were the strategems employed to throw eaeh other off the scent, but none were suc cessful. A fourth joined the first comers, and a fifth and a sixth, and the arrivals continued until the number we have- mentioned were collected. Some of thena left at once, but a few lingered yet a little longer for the appearance of their supposed passionate lover, until, by the lapse of time they were convinced of the deception practised upon them. These particulars are furnished to us by a gentleman whose wife discovered the the note of invitation in the pocket of one of her daughter's dresses on the day following the occurrence, and elicited the information, which we give as & warning to young girls to reflect ere they commit them selves. The Executive Council met on lYednesday last to deal with the cases of the two prisoners aaimt whom sentence of death was record- d for thecon mission of capital offences. It was decided that the sentence against Quong Song should be commuted to twelve years imprisonment, the first three yeats in irons ; and the second prisoner's sentence to fifteen years' imprisonment, the first three years also to be passed in irons, 