DEFICIENCY AND PROGRESS. Tiie beading of our oTticlo suggests q wide b'on- sidoration of two opposite estrones by tho publio gonorally, and both deserve tbo closest scrutiny of our rulers. With a debt now ex- ceeding four millions, it his high timo we should awaken to our disagrcoablo responsi bility,- and spur on the men who havo assumed tho bead of affairs to diminish our enormous national liabilities. Wo say enormous, bccauso compared with tbo condition of (Queensland when self-government was Inaugurated as tlio covctod panacea of numerous ills complained of, it has no parallel in colonial lifo with any young Btato burst from its leading strings but ten years, and when its condition was vauntingly proclaimed as tbo most'prosperous and glowing of any of tho Australias. Tboro must have been, aud still la,' something radi cally wrong in tbo administration of our affairs to havo caused our falling from sucb a pionaolo of success to tbo present slough of in debtedness. Wo do not pretend to say that Queensland Is nt all likely to rcpudiato her obligations ; but whon from yoar to year wo sco her administrators creating fresh Yoano to pay interest on money already borrowed, our liabilities must become tnoro aud moro burden some. His Honor Judgo Lutwychb would very justly consuro any man who .obstinately and persistently caught at straws to float him self out of a stream of pecuniary difficulties, solf-crcatcd, which bo saw plainly mifst involve him. in tbo vortex without tho slightest olianco of escape, - when with a few woll-dircctcd efforts bo might have Bayed himself bud ho manfully lookod bis dangor in tbo faco, and rathor than continuo nn intricate game, fraught with tbo direst uncertainty, bad retrenched in good time, ond struok out a fairer rind moro honest courso, both for his own salvation aod tho in terests of all partios concerned. It is argued by some that wo ought not in our present position to borrow moro money until wo havo first paid off that which wo alroady owo. At first sight this may appear to bo true ; but it is only to a certain cstoofc, as wo stialf . pfo- sontly show. In our opinion tbcro aro only two trays opon to us to extricate otlrsoltea. Tbo first of theso is, to da what any honest man in privato lifo otight to dfo — oortnil bis expeudituro, and this is just what our Govcrn- mcui uiusb uu iu save vuccnsiana. in spito of all that may bo said to tbo contrary, and in defianco of all opposition by mcmbors tcr main tain tboir nominees in offices not required, tbo : extravagant annual cost of tbo Civil Servico' must bo reduced. Uvcry superfluous office bearer must, as an act of Common justice, be discharged. Id looking ovor tho estimated ex penditure from year to year, tbo amount at tho disposal of our sovcral publio departments bears a frightful comparison witii tbo cost of their superintendence. It is useless any longer to blink tbo nmttor, and prctond to deny that wo havo been kcoping moro cats than wo have mico. Wo have at various times callod atten tion to such facts boforo, and earnestly recom mended tbo reduction of what might bo called an army of pensioners, living tnoro ofi tho bounty of tbo State than by tboir labour or, fair earnings. It is true Mr. TAYLOli has; tried his utmost to awaken tho Assowbly to a! senso of its duties in this respect, and that bo ha? been assisted to flora o cstont by two or thrco other mombcrs; but tboy have boon beaten back, if not with ridicule, with an indif- fcrcnco on tho part of some, and tho opposition of othors, that may, in our present emergen-! cics, bo stigmatized as disgraceful. If, bow- : ever, Mr. Taylor would earn tbo good national1 roputo of tlio far-famed financial reformer of England, Joe IIume — a pattern in such a character to any Minister — he must follow bis indomitable pluck, and roturn to tbo charge, Qgnio and again, nothing daunted/until bo may bo ablo to acbicvo bis necessary and most important victory. Lot us bopo bo will un flinchingly do so, and that his handful of sup porters will back bim earnestly, and finally achieve a success tlmt may earn tbo lasting gratitudo of tho colony. Tho other point wo bavo alluded to- is, tbo borrowing of monoy. It is quito possiblo that a country, liko a privato catcvto, may havo boon by mismanage ment loaded with mortgages and' brought closely to tbo brink of iosolvcnoy. Largo sums of money may bavo been thoughtlessly ex pended in a variety of ornamental rather than useful buildings and works. A compieto army of managers, superintendents, and hangers-on, in tbo shape of old frionds and country cousins, may bavo graduaually been engaged swallowing up a largo yearly amount of revenue until such, country, or oslato, bos well nigh bccorao bankrupt. Yet io somo bappy moment o moro experienced and ablo financier has stepped in, and, by borrowing still further capital, reproductive works bavo bccu established, and, by wisely conduetiog tbem, sufficient profits bavo been mado to wholly redeem them. This is not by any means an imaginary picture. Vast estates in Iho United Kingdom, tbot formerly wero moro wilds and wastes, havo been drained, cleared, and cultivated, which now bring to tboir pre sent proprietors largo yearly ront rolls, Tho particular estate in Queensland showing tbo greatest signs of improvement, and tbo most in creasing revenue, is tbo Railway. The further it has extended tbo larger have its profits be- come, and we think it requires but very little penetration to sco if tbo lino could bo opened from ipswicb to Brisbane— tho fulcrum of (raffle — it would pay tf much handsomer profit still. Such an ( ont'erpriZO might fairly bo classed tfndor tbo cdtogory'of reproductive Works; and wbifo it would afford a large Geld for industry, it would also pay fair interest for tbo capital invested on it nnd in time pay off tbo present debt likewise — always boaTiftg in mind, in the' meantime, that, as an aot of com mon justico Co tbo colony,- oycrytbing needed for tbo work, from ft pick and a barrow to a trtfck and a" railway carriage, should be manu factured from our own native timber and by our own local' labour. . . Tjtf. WEAtfriRft 'is tlm constant monotonous theme. AVhoro'cr you go,- on nit sides of us, wo hear it lamented. Rain, drizzling, nnd sometimes In heavy drawers,- fall fast, adding to tbo mud and mTro' In our strcota mid ntmost impriBsahlo roads. On Wudrio&ilHy;, bright S' 1 put in nri' appearance for abuui thrco hours and a half in tho morning, and gave occasional glimpses- for about two hours betweon midday and. sun sot, but to ho1 followed again, by sundry showers. On Thursday, tho moruing broke, in1 with better appearances for a chango to fairer Weather, bttt only again to dis appoint Us, for shortly after noon the' over-charged clotids dcsccrtdciT m fitful showers until' sanSct. During tho- succeeding nvoni'ng nnd night/- rain camo" pelting on our roofs, not bo heavily as we have lately heard, hut still forcibly unpleasant. Go Friday, at sttnrisO, wo' had the nearest approach to' n JbTuo nncf grey mackerel sky tlint wo have had the pleasure' of witnessing for. mnny days past. Tho' orb of day again burst forth' hi nfl' his ; autumnal grandour, and onr hopes woro again raised for tho breaking up of our extraordinary nnd omlirriog wot; season. A'll suoh flattering feelings, howovor, wore dispclfod between- cloved and two o'clock, when showers -camo down upou ns,- rf not so heavily, almost as frequently as beforo. In tho aftcrnooir rt was moro calm oud exempt from wind than wo lfavo for many days known ; still thcro'wns a donso humidity 'floating around ub, decidedly disagreeable and far from prognosti cating tho breaking up of wet and disrnal' wcntiier. Wo' rfro informed by ooo of our oldest farmers- in tho district that tho maize crops havo withstood the winds nud storms generally better tlmti conld havo been expected— Hint it io only hero 1 and thefo in oxceplional localities that tboy have been damaged, rolutoos, however, in Bortfio place's nrd suffering fr'O'ra rot, arid, as wo mentioned" in a late Issno, from "ft suddon nnd unexpected- second spronflng. YVo hear of no further dam ago' done to (ho railway lino, hut nor malt from Brisbane was delivered here from Tuesday to ycstonlay, when Wednesday's and Thursday's mails camo' together. Buprnsr.t) 'DrscovftftY otf flEnflr.icn's TRaCKb. —On Tuesday night ..last, about 10 o'clock, a blackfullow (dimtny Pigott),wlio.h3s.been atlcmpt- ing fof rf \yeek oLtwo past io. discover' traces of Ilcrrbcli in tlfd scYftb ,ucar Tcreovcrance station, reported to tho polico that on the previous Friday ho ttimc across trneks: in' 'tbo scrub which bo bclloved to haVobcen made by llerrlicTi-r-tfint ho followed thctn nil dary,l)trt'failediri tracking him to Ms hiding placo, On tho following morning (Wednesday)' Mrs/JKynoch/ wha-.nttonds to n dairy nt ah :ortt-statio£i on Pcrsoveranco rnn, reported that, on Sunday night, tho. dairy was robbed of about sixty patinds weight of flonr nod fifteen ponncis oi nuuer. - -one also stated tnnt tier daughter,- Kate Ambrose, saw Hcrrlich during the night with'rfgrjuon.-hissbouldor, but was afraid to tnnlto it knbw'n n£ (Ho time? nhd fhnt'on tbo pre vious Thursday Kate AnibroscVand Jimmy Pigott tracked Ilerrlich' "to Cossant's shed, about two miles from Pb'rsevoraaco station, ivhero ho' stayed that night,- nnd that they vtero both poaitlvd ns to tho tracks bolng, those .of. Ilerrlich. ; On Wodncs day.ftftcrnoon constablea MCaffray and Atkinson went out for tlio purposo of effecting his capture, if possiblo. /'Mr. Ilafrisi who came from Warwick yesterday proceeded to. Per'soverauce last evening to assist them in the search postfoftemen 6i' MeEtijjO. — The rtOeting ad vertised to tnko .plnco .ftt tbo School of. Arts, on tho afternoon of Wednesday last, for tho purposo of taking into consideration tho land laws of tho colony was postponed for threo weekK, owing to (no Very scanty, attendance, caosed, no doubt by. tho inclemency 9! the weather overhead, and tho almost Impassable state of onr public thoroughfares. -There, wpre ,only somo twelve or fourteen persons preseit,' but amongst them wcro sovoful. of tho most wealthy, and consequently most interested, gentlemen in tho immediate and Bfirrotinditig neighbourhood— amongst whom we' may mention, tho Messrs. King (two brothers,) of Gowrie, Mr. Kent, Mr. Whitchurch, Mr. Gregory, Mr.Davonport,Mr, Spiro (Mayor), Mr. Wondorloy, Mr. C. Joucs, and Mr. J. G. Simras. Wh havo to record tho death, from heart rliscaso of Samncl Grcnlogh, who expired early ydstorday mottling in tho Hospital. Deceased was well- known on tho Downs, having been a resident of Loyburn for tho last flvo years. He was much respected, and, wo nro sorry to add, lenves a wife ami four children to lament their loss, lie was a nntivo of Lancashire, and only tbirtyfivo years of agef. PoltCe. — There has booti only thrco eases before tho Court during tho last seven days. Tho first was on Wednesday, when a man-was charged with disorderly conduct, to which he pleaded guilty, but, It being n slight offence, it was considered a night in tho lock- up wns; sufficient punishment, and ho was dlsclmrgod ;.nnd two others, yesterday, who pleaded guilty to gotting drunk in honour of St. Patrick, which was considered a reasonable excuse, nnd they woro also discharged. Ono of them had to pay 2s. Od., however, for a ride to tho lock-up in a dray. \- ItEroRT of pationts In tho Toowoomba Hospital for tho week ending March 18, 1870 . Mules., , Females. Id Hospital last report 31 4 Since admitted .». ...4 . 2 0 Discharged ... ... ... 0 0 Died ... 1 0 Remaining in Hospital ... fig 4 Receiving out-door medical relief, 5 ndullF. Drs. Beckor and Roberts will bo tbo viBitins snrgoono for uuaL vfuuk. tne Pioneer Traction Kngine, imported by Mr. Dalrymplc, underwent a trial nt Brisbane on Wed nesday. Ilis Excollcncy tho Governor and several others woro passengers by it in tho presence of a largo crowd of spectators. Up hill and tlowln hill it did its work admirably. Wo are of opinion that beforo extending our Railway to llomo, tho 41 Pioneer" should havo a fair trial. Its Introducer richly deserves great credit Wo shall speak moro fully of it in a future issue. It is stated that it is capablo of drawing twonty-fivc tons with ease. QueeKslakI), Gymploj Match 15. — It is 8(in raining, and great fears arc ontortninod of another flood. The settlement at One-mile is still under water. A Rolief Committee has been formed, and it is affording help to 400 persons daily. Tho Government will bo applied to for a grant in aid. Mr. Millcrick, tho publican, has been stabbed by a Uhinomnn, but is pronounced out of danger. A telegram received from Gympie yesterday to tho following effect, has been placed at otir dis posal by tho kindness of a commercial firm in town to whom it was forwarded; — Tho water roso nineteen feet in tho main street. The Ooe- milo was altogether invisible. Tho machines wcro all covered, and many houses from Burns' to Ilnrdcastlc's havo been destroyed, but tho goods havo in most instances been saved. Numbers of claims are flooded, but the flood is now subsiding. —Thursday's Express. A man of the name of James L"Wry, a brother to the notorious Lowry the bushranger, who was shot snrrto' time" since in New South Wales, was arrested on Wednesday _ afternoon- by Sergeant .. Blakeand. Constable Coaklcy, nt Fortitude Valley, on suspicion1 of befog concerned in tlio robbery of Mr. Johnson's store fo Brunswick-street' on Mon day night last. Ifo modb considerable' resistance,- \ nAd it was with' groat difficulty that ho wn3 coti- v v'cyed to tho lock-Up. Upon searching liim, oi !; marked shilling was found on his person; this; ; coin was identified by Mr. Johnson as the same ho' had left in his till oft' the evening previous to tho' ; robbory.- Sinco tho' arrival1 of thib mnn'his nnte- : ccdoftls induced tho police to pay pnrtibUlar ntten-' tion to bis moVomcnts, and ho has only just corh-" . picted a sentence' of-six months1 imprisonment for robbery. The polito deserve grout' credit for having arrested the' principal member of n jang of burglars who havo infested 'tho city' for Boino' timo' past. — Queensland Express. A petition1 praying for tho commutation of Iho' Bontenco passed upon Prendcrgast,- condemned to- death for the murder of Patrick Ifortnotf, has bcotf circuclatcd dutrftg tho last foW dliys, and has hcon numerously anu- influcntiaJly sighed. Tho' ground u"pDn which the' petitioners craved a com-, mutatlbn'of tho sdntcricei 'Wad the .flcnoral- belief entertained that tlio' murderer was impelled to commit tlio fatal deed' from jea'loiisy, whon almost stung to ma'dnoss by tile coridnct of Bis wife, who, as ho stated, openly declared to him her preference' for llnrtnctt. . A deputation of ggntlbmen wnitcd oU liis Excellency' oft Wednesday, presented tho' pctitfoft nnd Urged a compfirincc with' Ks request1. At an Exccntivo mocting held immediately after, it was decided that Prondorgast should' bo Hung' on Monday week. — Queensland Express-'. ! In con'scqUonco', of' tho ' wot weather J. B. Robinson wishes liis' friends and' customers td delay tlioir mirchasos until ho can get up his new stock of . Tea,-. Groceries, etc.,- which' are now delayed, in consequence of- floods in Brisbano.— Ad>t.J ..... MARAViiLLA Cocoa. — For Breakfast. — Tho" GfoBosays; — 44 Various importers aud mnnufac- tirrers'havo" attempted to- attain ftr reputation 'for their prepared Cocoas, bnt wo' doubt whether any thorough success hud- been tfclifcVcJ Until Messrs. Taylor Brothers discovered thor oitraordinary qualities of Maravilla ' Cocoa'.- Adapting their perfect system of preparation to this Ghost of all species of tho Thoobroma, tliey havo' produced' an- orticlo 'which supersedes: every other Cocoa- in iho markot. Entire solubility, a dclicoto' aroma,- and' a rare,- concentration- of tho purest elements of nutrition, dist'inguifih tho Mar.-rvrlla Cocoa abovo nil others. For llomcepnths and invalids wo could - not recommend a morc'n'grecabfo or valuable bevorago;"" Sold in- packets oftfy by Ml Grocers, of whom also may bo hud Taylor Brothers' Origi nal HomaJpathio". Cocoa and ' Solfibfo:!Chocolate.- Steam Mills — Brick Lane, London. — AdVt.J . A SirAKE AND- a SotmnKfc-VAaa femnll' party of young friends wcro returning from Sandy Crcekr tho, rcsidcncp.of E-. C.. Pearson, $fsq,.a fow. .days- sineff,- a ho'rso. ridden -by : ono -of thorn suddenly executed a peculiar kind of equine acrobatic caper, which excxtcd bis rider's attention/and caused him to look hack to ascertain if possible Its cause. This \- was at onc'o apparent.' Strctohcd by tho rondsidft : was n snatch of a ory venomous charactert hut ap- parcntly;tmder tho foffuopco ofaomqobstrubtionism wlildh pidvonfed froodom of rictiony. aftj induced what Dundreary tcrms-4ia most extraordinary wrig gling whichj no foliar could understand;"- 'As jiip human oncmy npnroachod, tho reptile's desire to , bruise : his- heel'" wrfs nrmnffost enough hftt- liis powers of mischief wero paralysed. From his centre upwards, to tho bund ho wiigglcl to thofrigbt, nftd from bis centre downwards to th tail ha wriggled iu ino icit, wniiBi ins contro nau hecomo n centre of gravity for ft woald riot raovo art nlfc ft was then observed that his suakeship boasted a Pick- wickiatr stylo of Btoranclr, ovidefttly distended-im- mons'oTy, hnd ctfrfo'slcy led irt onco to- tho diripatch of tho roptilo, nnd no Inspcctron of his commissariat. To tho irrtenso nstooishmcrit of every brio,- a flying squirrel (ono in nnmo Only now) was found in tho Btomach'and " tho nruirdor was out."' ' Tho snnko wns but a small oftOf and the comparison betweon .the swallow and tho substance swallowed was re great, that if the gcntlcpanQ had fust discovered, ft sentinel who had 44 bolted" his sentry-box, thff nstonlskment of tbo party could not havo been greater/ Ono enpiont yoftng gpfttleman acccurited for tho inability of tho reptile to move, from tho fact that 44 a squirrel had stmck Ms claws through tho'sdako's Lolly and was holding on below." This, howover, did not happen to havo been' thoyriso.' -This wonderful powor on tho part of tho viper family of gulping down apparently irapossiblcsubstanccSjlms ted prob'nblyto the boliof that tho public will swallow anything in the shape of a snako qtoty . Novertfielces, this.. record is truo.-t Wagga Wag/a Advertiser ' 1 ' ; FEAiiFur, aTonsr At1 TAuwoitTn.— Orio of tho' most terrific storms tlmt fmB over beeft wltnoased in this part of the colony occurred ycstcrday oftcrnoon. About a quarter to fivo o'clock a vivid flash of light ning, followed by a peal of thunder, gave the signal for commencing. On looking out to the Mils to tbo East, two immenso black clouds were seen — ono m ,0 otcr frm tho East— to meet on tho mils, and down camo tho rain ift such forco as wo firmly bclicvo 1ms not been' seen since tho days of Noah. It foil io sheets, and io less Ciino than it takes to write tliis tlio istrcels were covered with water— houses were flooded that had hfthorlo escaped tho worst local foundations— and the wholo of tho township turned into a pond. Every gnlly from the hfogo of hills was instantly' filled, and tha torrent rushed— of rather jumped — down ns if it were some living tbfog. All tho Tower portions of tho street wcro nt onco under wntor, extending from tho stores of Messrs. Lewis Brothers to tho Sicam Flour Mill of Messrs. YV. Cohen and Co., tho height ranging from an inch nr two to a foot and a half. Beyond Mr. Thomson's hotel in an opposite direction, tho houses wero in a simitar position, and so sudden was tho fall that tho un fortunate people had to rush from their houses with out a rag to cover them excopt what they hod on them at tho time. IIolp was nt hand, otherwise lifo must havo been sacrificed. Mrs. Thorn rushed from her house, and would inevitably have been drowned only for tho prompt assistance of Mr. Easterbrook. All tho honscs and gardens In tho neighbourhood of Mr. Thorn's tesldenco hovo been seriously injured. Mr. Janlson's hdtel has suffered sovcrely. Iho1 Water ran down tho ridgo'in a torrent, hroko oj>en tho back doors, nnd closed tho division doors or tho houso, which to a certain extent couGned tho water to tho back bod rooms and io ,somo of theso tho collision with the wall has driven tho water within a few feet of tho cciliog. All tho beds were soon floating about nnd nro seriously Injured. £100 will „0t repni? . daDia£ done. Hlghor up tho hill, Mr. Stccvo has sustained greet damngo to hia house nnd garden, tho fonco holng much injured, nnd in sovcral placoa have beon washed entirely nwnv. Nearly every house in town bos been flooded, the wntor rushing io at tho back, andcarrylng overy roovnblo nrticlo out of tho front door, nnd to tho nvcr. howls, pigs, horses, cnttlo, &c.;, havo been swept away, but it Is n consolation that no lives havo been lost, rlad the flood occurred at night tlio result mtiBt havo been calamitous. From the V1,0, rnin nrst begao to fall until tlio flood was at ita highest, certainly not more than fifty minutes could havo elapsed, and it was so thoroughly un expected that Ho preparations wero made for such a contingency as that which has happened. The storm was confined to a radius of about twelve miles, and extended moro in tho direction of the Moonhy than towards tho head of tho I'ecl Eiver. Most of tlio culverts to tlio northward havo been extent.— Ut Up ' a 6"ions f Tlf,'PPlons Advc,rtlscr- was lately sued for libel publishing an advertisement from oue party % cnulioofog the public against another. Thedefenra put in was, 41 No malice, and apology." Tho verdict was for the dcfcudant. - 