STitafei* :^tkNctjg_ wfo^jit ItOBERT ASHTOlff« WEDDING „, -'? ' PAY. .;*? .. . . , *: {Concluded from our test) -.- Morning came, to ^T^certadnty of commotion, like this people go into, each, other's houses indiscriminately. The first train came in from Worcester before it was well light ; but it did ndt - bring Eobert Ashtoru ;As /'io^the' snow on the ground, it was pretty 'well beaten byiiow. 'He# not; travel by that slow parlia mentary thing \ he'll come by the express to South prabb Junction/' said Tom general disappointment. * Jane we had not seen. The express would be at -the Junction between 1) and 10-;-A whole lot of us went down there. It was not farther off thanTimberdale Station, but the opposite way. 1 don't think one of us was more eager than another, unless it was the Squire.; The thing was getting seriduB, he told: us ; and he went puffing ^about like ajtftan looking for his Eead, , ; To 'witness the way lie seized ;hpld of the doors when the express ^steamed inl and put his old red noBe inside/ail the carriages, looking for Robert Ashton, was a Bight. The guard laid nold of his arm, saying he'd come to damage. But Robert Ashton was not in the train. 'He may come yet,' said-old Coney,7 looking fit to cry. ' There'U be a train in again at Timberdale. Or, he may drive^pver.' .: ..- , . ? But 'everyone f elt ihat he would not come. Something told ns bo; It was Jtr only Tnafrinor believe to one another, say ing he would. '?.',' ^ :'- 'L^hall goto Wprcestervby the nest down, train,' said the Squire to old Coney. ' The next does not stop here.' ' They Jiad better stop it for me,' said the Squire, defiantly. 'You can't come, Coney. . You must stop to give Jane away***/ .' -. ??- ; '? ' ? ' ??-,?:?-- .~~- -~ *' But if there's no bridegroom to give; i her tot' debated old Conejr. ; ... : ; ' There may bel , You must stop on the strength of it.55 : :: The down train came up, and obeyed the signal to stop . made b^ Ike station master. ;. ? The . Squire,' Tod, and' Tom Coney :got in, -and at steamed on again, '. .... 'Now mind, -i ahall conduct ./this search,' the Squire said to the offiers, with, a frown; ; ' * * You young fellows €.bn?l know 'your right liand f^ni ybjrL left in ar business of this sort, We mmt go about it systematically, and find out &k;'^£- ferent places that Robert Ashton -went to yesterday, and the people T lie-saw;3'; ''Tod and TontConev told us this later. When 'jihey arrived , at 'Worcester the . first man they saw atShrabb Hill Station was Harry Coles, who had been sending somebody off by the train; which was rather curious, for his brother, StecL Coles, ; was Robert Ashton's great chum, and was to be groom's-man at the wed.-' ding. Harry Coles said his brother had met Ashton by appointment the previous . v_ day, and went with him to the Registrar's — office for the marriage licence-r-which, was supplied to them by Mr. CJifton himself. After that they west to the jeweller's, and chose the wedding-ring. ' Well, what after that V cried the im patient Squire. . *, . Harry Coles did not know what. His brother had come back to their office early in the afternoon— -about 1 o'clock — saying Ashton was going, or had gone homev ** Can't yon tell which, he Baid-^-gojngj or gone 2' demanded the Squire, getting red. '?'? -? ?' ?'' ? ?'? ?'?'-''' ? ? -' '? ?'? ' No, I can't,' said Harry Coles. ** I was busy -with some estimates, and did not pay particular heed.' ' Then you ought to have paid it sir,' retorted the Squire. ' Your brother?— where is he?' ''? ' .'' 'Gone over to Timberdale ages ago. He started the first thing this morning, Squire ; a big coat thrown over his' wedding toggery.': --™ -???-:- ? - The Squire growled, as . a relief to his feelings, not knowing what in the world to do. r He suddenly said- he'd , go to the Registrar's office, and started for Edgar street on the run. Mr. Clifton was not there, but a clerk was. Yes, Mr. Ashten, of Timberdale had been there the previous day, he said, in answer to the Squire, and had. got his licence. The governor (meaning Mr, Clifton, 'who knew the Ashtons and the Coneys well) had joked a bit with -young s Ashton, when he gave it. As to telling . r~ where . Ashton of Timberdale and Mr. ? Coles had gone to afterwards,' the clerk did not know from Adam. So there was nothing to be got out of the Registrar's office, and the Sqaire turned his steps up the town again, Tod and Coney following him like two tame lambs ; for he'd not let them make a sug gestion or j-ut in a word edgeways. He was on his way to the jeweller's now ; but as jie had omitted to ask Harry Coles which of the jeweller's shops the ring was bought at, he took them all in succes sion, and hit upon the right one after difficulty. He learnt nothing there either. Mr. Ashton of Timberdale had bought the ring and keeper, and paid for them, the master.said. Of course everybody knew the young Jady was Miss Jane Coney ; he had brought one of her rings as a guide for size— a chased gold, with small garnet stone in it. : . . ._ '...-. ' I aan not askiiigforraigs and stones,' said the squire, wxatnfuiiy. 'I want to know if Mr. Ashton said where he was going afterwards,' 'Hesaidneveqra word about it,' re turned Ahe master. ** WhenjSiey went.out of here— young Fred Coles was with him } — they- !took the way towards the hop markeK'.;- . V w^ The ^quire went to the Cipwn nextr—; the huj'uspd^fey-the Ashtons of Timber dale. Robert Ashton had called in the pre vious dayj abo»t; 1 o'clock, the waiter JK said, tafeii 'a . Jtmall p^ece of bread and cheese, ibb^eneing that he had jio time for anything else, and half aglassof table-beer. Mr. Coles had come down Broad-street with him, as' far as- the inn door, when they shook hands and parted ; j Mir. . Coles going back! again. The waiter thought Mr. Ashton was not in the house above five minutes, at the most. ? j '*?* And don't you know . where .he went Hfo next V nrgejl the Squire. r ' ^ No, the waiter replied. The impres sion on his mind was, that Mr. Ashton's business in Worcester was over, and that he was returning homeagain. The Squire moved Blowly up Brpad street, more gloomy than an owl, his Hands in his pockets, his nose blue. He boasted of his systematical abilities, as applied to searches, but he knew no more what to be at next than the man in the moon. Turning lip the Cross, he came to an anchor outside the linendraper's shop ; propping his back against the window, as if the hanging -silks had offended him. There hestood, staring up at St. Nicholas's clock opposite. ' V. . ' Tom,' sajil he, virtually givingin, ' I think we.iiad better talk to the police. axuq ij vuxc taimuig aiung now. When the policeman was abreast, the Squire took bis hands from bis pockets, and pinned the 'man by^lusTbuttbn-hole. 'Mr. 4shtonof Timberdale 3— oh, he has got into, trouble, sir,'' -t^s,the. man's ready answer. *5 He is before ite Magis trates now,. ois a charge of— — ?'. The railway omnibus, coming along at the moment, partially drowned the word. ..'*' Charge of what?' roared the Squire. ?? ? The policeman repeated it. The dm? nibus was making a frightful clatter, and the Squire only just caught it now! With a great cry he dashed over to the fly-stand, got into one, and ordered it to gallop away with Jiira. Tom Coney and Tod barely escaped having to hang on behind. ' ltove like mad,JS stamped the Squire. 'Yes, sir,' said the man, doing it. WheietoT ; 'Go on, will you, sir? To the deuce.' .?.*?' To the Police Court,' corrected Tom Coney. ??? . ; ??.- ? ?? . Amved there, the Squire left them to pay, and fought his way- inside. The first thing his spectacles caught sight of distinctly, was the fair Saxon face; and fine form of Robert Ashton, standing, a prisoner, in the criminal dock. ;: .?*.',;;-.?;?;*.:'..'?*;.':'*..? .*..:. At the Farm, things were in a state more easy to imagine ^thaii describe. The Carriages came bowling up, bringing the. guests. 5?he four bridesmaids; wore pale blue silk, trimmed with white fur. Jane was dressed, in passing.her door, %' saw her. They liad sent me up to fetch something from Tom's room. ,**Is it not a mockery, Johnny V3 she iaid, letting me go inside. And her poor pale face; looked inore fit for a burying than a wedding, and her eyes had dark icircles round them. .'.I'./.'..: -*flf \ you mean jroiirdressj Jiane,!;i never saw. anyiiuiig Less like a mockery,1 or more like a Princess's in a fairytale:' .''.S was of aTich%hlte siHc ; ajlelicate wreath of myrtle and orange-blossoms uu uci- Mwaaiux.ii iioir. j.ji« yeu iav upon the bed. . ? : ; ; '?'-[' uY-m know what T mean, Johnny. There will be no wedding at North Grabb Church to- day— and nothing' can have been more foolish than to prepare me for it. Oh, Johnny 1 if I could but go 'to sleep for ten years; ^and never wake; up between.' - ?? '?'?- ;' Before the gate waited the carnages, their postilions in scarlet jackets ; the company, in their fine plumage, jostled each other, in the nooks and coiners of theliouse ; the maids, wearing a bright uniform; of purple ./gowns ..and, white anuslin aprons, fan about wildly. JEvery two' minutes Old Coney: went up: to a staircase window that faced Timberdale, looking put to see whether Robert Ashton was coming— like SiBter Anner in '**;Blue beard.^ ; ' , ; ' :, ,' V ;.V':v;. 'Twelve o'clock r It waak like a knell looming out; anlb the carriages went away with the company. A fine ending to a wedding, that was. I was standing at the oack door, dis consolate as the moaning wind, when the Timberdale station fly came rattling along. ; A gentleman put his head out of it to tell' the driver to stop. ;He got down: and came; limping up tome. It was Mr. Wesfspartner, old Cockermuth, who* had declined an invitation to the wedding because of gout. . '-'?'' ? i ' lirtjok here,' said he, catching hold pf my shoulder, 'I want to say half a dozen words to Mr. Coney. Can you manage to bring him: out tome, or smuggle me into any little place where we ?? can be alone ? 1 suppose the house is chuck full; of them wedding people.' . ** You have brought bad news of Robt. Ashton !' I said in sudden conviction. 'What is it ?' , *' Well, so I have,' he answered, con fidentially. It will soon be known to everybody, but I'd like to break it 'to Coney first. I've come over to dp it. Robert Ashton is in custody for murder !' I felt my face turn as pale as a girl's. ** For murder J' Old Cockermuth pulled a chin as long as two, and nodded. 'He's in custody for nothing less r|han the murder of his brother-in-jb,w, :BircL- Yesterday ,? . ' Asmothered.crybehindus^andlturneu sharply. There stood Jane. She had seen old Cockermuth's arrival, and came down, knowing he must have come with bad news. The white robe and wreath were gone, and she wore her everyday dress of violet merino. : 'Now, my dear ! my dear, be calm !' cried old Cqpkermuth, in a fright. ' 3For goodness sake shut us in somewhere, Johnny Ludlow ! We shall have the' whole pack out upon us.' - Some of the pack did come, before he could be shut up. . And there we were — hearing that Robert Ashton had been taken up for murder. It appeared that, after quitting the Crown on the previous day, he met his sister's husband, Captain Bird; — from habit people still; accorded him his title. Captain Bird told him Lucy was dan gerously ill, and asked him to go and see her. Robert went at once to their lodg ings. What exactly happened there nobody as yet knew, but Robert and Bird got quarrelling. Robert never came but again. In the inoroing'C^?8 laorning) the 'neighbors heard a hue and cry ; and on the door being opened by two police men, Bird was found lying in the passage —dead as was eupposed— and Robert Ashton was given into custody for his murderv , :. . ' ' ? .' :; ''?' '?' ' ' [ Jane touched .me . on the arm, and I followed her into the large, empty dining room.. That miserable rbr6akfast ! waiting for those who could not sit down to eat %; The evergreens on the walls seemed to look faded, the flowers on ..&» table to haye lost their first brightness.' -' ; . *^¥ou see I was rights ^'Johnny -,' she said: ' 'That dream was a dream of warning, and sent as one.' It did look like it. But dreams are things you can't lay hold of; no, nor believe in. Standing, -by the cold grate, she began to shake, in the confusion the servants had let the fire go out. *tI*d forget the dream if I were you, Jane. Where's the use of people having dreams— — ' 'Warnings, Johnny.' ' ? If they cannot see how to make use of them? Call them warnings, an' you like the word better. They are of no good at all.' ; ' Oh, Johnny, if I could but die ! It was hard enough to bear -when he was only missing ;'. but now- V ; It was just as, though .Ishe ^ never meant ; to leave off shivering. I went to hunt for some small sticks, and saw our Cook, Molly, in the kitchen amidst the maids. Trust pher for . being in' jBhe jthi6k of any gossip. Bringing the sticks back I pushed' them inj and they soon crackled up into a blaze. ? ; Jane Isat down and watched them. ? f f I'wouldn't be, afraid, Jane, . if I were you. There's some miBliake.' 'I am not afraid, in one sense. That Robert has done nothing wrong willingly I -know. But he is rather passionate, and there's no telling how they might provoke him. If there is much suspense — a trial, or anything of that— well, I suppose I shall live through it.' , . flow hopeless she looked, her head bent, her eyes not lifted. Just then mere waa -* ury ufiutiuo iajc uaue, ^Janei' ':6o out, Johnny, and -say I am all right: Pray to them to let me be alone.. Tell mamma not to come ; I am easier by myself, and the fire's burning up. They've gone calling upstairs ; they'd not think Fm inhere.' , Was there anything incoherent in her wbrclsi I looked at;her narrowly. I suppose that they sounded something lifcoit. . '?? ? ? ????'?;;..;. '.'??.'.. .' ...'?.. '? fi One has been coming to soothe me, and another has been coming; I've not known vhbw to bear iti They mean it in MndnesSj great kindness ; but. I would so much rather l-e alone. You go now, Johnny*' '.' ..-..??? So I shut her in, -and whispered to Mrs. Coney that she was ;praying to be left alone. .?-.: : I 49n'^ knpw.libw the day went on, except that it was miserably uncomfort able. We had some icold beef in the eveacyday 'dmingMfpni^ and old Coney, after saying he'd have given a thousand pounds out of his pocket for it not to have happened, went. and smoked a pipe with ' iGockermuth; ' Dusk . began to .come -tn.'.' .'.'?''?;. . ' . ;. ' '?.'_?'? ::Why! whp was that— driving up in Robert Ashton's dog-cart? .Robert? Robert, himself? Yes, it was ; and the Squire, and Tod,: -and Tom Coney with him. The dog-cart had gone to the station to wait for the others ; they came, bringing Robert Ashton with them. ' Is it all rights Mr._ Asjbtton y V Quite right. Ydu^dia1;, not think it could be wrong, did youi ' -; a Yovl axe out on bail ? ' 'Out. for good. There has been no real damage done], Johnny. I wonder wh.ere Jane is.' . *' ill take you to her. She ; has been wishing she was dead.' ' Nobody in the house scented his pre sence. 1 opened the door of the large oak room, Jane was' kneeling on -the hearth-rug, 'her faceburiedin the cushion of flie arm-chair. ., She started up at. the noise, 'and stood like one struck into stone. 'jtobert* ' ' I. do believe she thought it was not realr— his ghost, or something. He went up in silence, slightly smiling— 1he was always a quiet- mannered man-f-and hold-:, ing put his hand. ' f.*;It is I,;myself, Jane. Ypu look as though you doubted it.' : With a great cry she. fell forward. Robert caught her to his breast. I was going away when he hastily called to me. For the first time in her life she had fainted away. The thing bad been too much for her. . ?-' **JGret a drop of. water, Johnny. Ddii'b call anybody. She'll soon come to.'ll There was water on the table ; wine too. He gave Jane some of both. And then she listened to Ms story, leaning on his arm, and crying- as softly and peacefully as a little child. Those outside were listening to the wonderful tale. When I went out, they had gathered in the best kitchen, round the Squire, who had gone there in search of ; old Coney. The Squired glowing face, was a sight to be seen. Mrs./Ooney had sat down on the mahogany bench ; her hands lifted. Coney stood with his pipe held at arm's length. As to Mrs. Tpdhetley, the tears were running down her cheeks in a stream. It was quite true that Lucy Bird wa-t very ill. Robert saw her in bed. As he was leaving, ' Bird began upon the old grievance — that he should advance some of Lucy's money . in a. lump. He wanted it for his cards and dice, you see. Robert -told him, No'; as he had done all along. An associate of Bird's was there, r a very bad man, named iJawler. , They got Robert to take a friendly' glass of wine^-which purported to be sherry ; and from that moment he lost all power, and partly consciousness.. The wine was drugged. Their object, no doubt, had been to make him - stupid, and so induce, nun tosignan undercaKing, to hand: over, the money to Bird. : But they' had made the potion a trifle too strong, not calculating on; the effect.it would take on a young .and habitually sober man. Robert fell into a deep. sleep, from which it was impossible to arouse him- as to writing, his hands were as dead. ?: Late in the morning heawoke, and/ bit by bit, -realised where -he was and what had passed. He was. a little stupid -even then, but- quite sensible enough to- remember that it was his wedding-day, and to foresee that he might have ;some, trouble to get away from the TiOuse. , On attempting to leave, Bird and .Dawler both placed themselves in the passage to prevent him. There was a hot contest. Robert Ashton, a stronger man than either jof the others^' but awaxe that: all h^ strpi^hjwas not then at his own command^, seized on a knotted stick, or. dub, Jfeat was lyinjg in a corner, and - lifted it to}] fight '%w' waj through. . Dawler 'struck at . 'it, !? to /thrust' it out of his hand, and struck it. against Bird's head with.~&igh.tful; force*- The fellow dropped as one dead^ and the door was burst open by; the; fa.eigh.bors and policeman. The . exciteijient — perhaps the exertion — acting on Jtobert Ashton's only partly-recovered state, threw, Mm stupid again -;* the: pepptl4 took him to be drunk, and Dawler' gaVepim in charge for murder. = A -~: ;. That was the history. Wjen ,the Squire had got into the Police ^ourt, 'Robert Ashton (who was nearly .^himself again through the remedies the dbpfcor had given him in the Police-station) 'wks telling jhis tale. Dawler - was ! conteadicting' ,lJim, ,and swearing hard and:fas^.i^t.it! Jwas a case of deliberate murder/ ' .V The Ma gistrates invited: the Squire; to a seat beside th«m : and the 'nrat'thing he did was to break ?into a hot tantruta vowing -Spbert Ashton couldn'tbe gtulty. :1How it would have turned ; ottt, ffo .!bhe kneV, but Lucy saved him./ ';ut ; '[ ''. ; . Lucy saved him. ! ..'it -Wai,'' haggard, young woman, wrapped in an; old shawl, staggered into the iustice^-room. ko the front of the room. It? was1 Ijucy Bird. She had come crawly along the streets to tell the truth. V . * 1;; :.?.;, , j {t My brother Robert did' ^not attempt to strike any one,' she said; in a low weak, earnest tone. ' He but held the club in bis hand. It was iDawler -who threw his weight uppij the . Club; and struck down my husband, . ^Robert fell too ; pushed down by .Da^ler, ., This is the sole truth, before Heaven .JV,; They believed her. The? best '?was, that Bird was not dead : J at': all j 'oUly stunned ; and the nextWaBpeairiiL court was himself, with a big -white plaisier on his forehead. Discovering his Wtfe*s pri vate flight to the Magistrate^ tie i Mduaht it well to go after her j.there . was, ho knowing what plots might be in the wind. The whole Bench' shook hands with Robert Ashtenj ^telling Bird:a^d the other man significantly that iMey had better take care what they were about for the future .;;and the Squire brought him home in triumph. : - ' But where is Robert?'- asked old Coney and the rest. 'Why, in there with Jane ; where else 'should he be? ' They burst into the^bak-rbomin a body, and found him trying pnvtHfe.ring^ ' Why shouldn't we Haye a-tiiner. to night ?' asked old Goney/' V last night's was but half a one, through- some bother or another,' ' - : '^ i^* q ? ' ' Hear, hear !' ,cried the1: TSquir'e. «why not?' m '??'?.. ,;;., ^,. :.:-; A'^-:: The only thing against it was— as Mrs. Coney said — ^that no dinner wa^'prepared, unless they could put tip with .-a. - cold .One. . ??/? ,???-.??:?? ? ? ? ? ::? - :,:?--?? * 'And glad to,' spoke- up -iev^rybbdy. So the cold meats were br6uglil:jfrpiniiihe larder, and the fowls from th^ Ttoreakf ast- table, and laid in the every-day .dining parlor. The ladies were in their ordinary aowns, and there was no ;Toom?for|elb6wi^ but we made up with laughter*- l- Sixteen this evening, Fred Coles ^bein^lbtere, aiid old Cockermuth, whp;sat'idb^i£'in; spit§ ''M the gout. Afterwards [&$ Ven^Sft'.^^he ugoh vi tne stars to Bummon lap -company to the morrow's wedding,;- it Trasfgooditb go knocking at the doors with^ie news. While the servants at the ;!Plirfli,ivith Molly to help thfem^ began copjaiig fresh fowls for the breakfast-table. :-, ,?-.?; ; \- And that's about all. There was Jaever a better wedding. seen, and the, acariet jackets of the postboys dazzled one's reyes in the morning sun. Robert Ashton ^eas calm and quiet in church; Jaie too, and not a bit nervous. The, chief .speech at the breakfast was undertaken :.by the Squire, so you may giveaguess what it was like ; but it didn't spoil ttiewedding cak'e. ? . . ? ..? '???? ? '?{-?*?? *?-/'-- ':l ??'?_ .. Jane was shut up 'witn.hfef. mother when the time came for starting, qiiiB. came out in a great flood of sobbingtears. She was leaving' her childho^s home, you see. Robert would have hurried hjer straight to the carriage* . .but the 'company wouldn't be done . out ^ of ; Umir - leave taking. I was the last. .: ! 'Thank you for all, Jp^ny,' ; she sobbed, wringing my hand as she went down the path. , 'Th^y werp all; very kind to me yesterday, but it seemed that you were kindest.' ? ?- I . In, the next minute, both' of them, with the door shut,^ and' 'ther ^carriage away towards South Crabby Junction. The people cheered, the cocksjjorewy and the old shoes flew after itHem in: a' shower. r- : ; ???'?? ? ? ?'- --: '? ? -??'? ? - — : — * ? -??;?? ? . ? '?'?? 