EASTER, VESTRY MEETINGS. ST. THOMAS'S CHURCH BALHANNAH. The Easter Vestry Meeting of St. Thomas's Church, Balhannah, was held on Monday evening, April 18. The Rev. E. Browne presided. Thomas Pugh, Esq., was chosen Synodsman, and Messrs. Roe and Burgess were re-elected Wardens for the year. The accounts were audited and passed, and votes of thanks were presented to the retiring officer and to the Chairman. SB, MATTHEWS CHURCH, KENSINGTON. At the annual Vestry meeting, held on Tues day evening, April 19, the Rev. £. Jenkins, incumbent, in the chair, Mr. Howell was ap pointed Minister's Warden, and Mr. Chadwick was elected by the seatholders. Messrs. Mere dith, Hackett, Waterhouse, and Stalky were appointed Sidesmen; and Messrs. Meredith and Howell were elected Synodsmen. The accounts of the past year were audited and passed, leaving a balance in hand of£l4 ss. 3d. Various matters of importance to the Ghnrch were dis cussed, and votes of thanks passed to the Chairman, wardens, organist, and choir. CHBISTCHUROH, NORTH ADELAIDE. The annual Vestry meeting of Christchurch, North Adelaide, was held on Tuesday evening, April 19, in the schoolroom. Archdeacon Marryat occupied the chair, and there were present 13 seatholders. The Wardens—Messrs. Walters and Templer, presented their balance sheet for the past year, showing receipts from pew rents, £543 2s. 6d.; from offertory and special collections, £324 19*. lOd. Disburse ments—Paid incumbent and collector £543 2s. 6d. Special objects-Mission Fond, poor, &c.;, £96 7s. 3d.; repairs to parsonage, £40 ; salaries, gas, and incidental expenses, £179 10s. sd. Resolved that the balance-sheet as read be adopted ; that the thanks of the congre gation be given to the Wardens, Sidesmen, and Synodsmen for their services during the past year; and that a vote of thanks be given to the organist and choir. Mr. H. H. Walters was re- elected People's Warden, and Mr. W. W. Blyth consented to act as Minister's War deD. Messrs. Bellhouse, Wlnnall, Wicksteed, and Lindsay were appointed Sidesmen. Messrs. Minchin, Blyth, Bellhonse, and Baft were elected Synodsmen. The Committee appointed at last Easter to consider the Treat Deed re commended that the Model Trust Deed be adopted with certain amendments, and that the Trustees be requested to incorporate. The Trustees of the schoolroom presented their balance-sheet showing the cost of the land, building, furniture, &c;, to have been £1,341 19*. 2d., of which sum £1,292 2s. lid. had been raised, leaving a debt of £49 lls. 3d. on the room. The Vestry recommended the Building Committee to open a subscription list to liqui date the debt on the schoolroom. The meeting then closed. TRINITY CHURCH ADELAIDE. A Vestry Meeting of Trinity Church was held on Tuesday evening, April 19. Prerent — The Rev. Mr. Reid, the Rev. Mr. Ewbank, the trustees, and a fair attendance of Beatholders. The accounts were audited, and the following offices elected for the onming year . —Minister's Warden—Mr. W. Main ; People's Warden — Mr. Holmes; Synodsmen—Sir James Fisher, Messrs. W. A. Cawthorne, S. Toms, Holmes ; Sidesmen—Messrs. Cox, Fax, Hines, Holmes, Haddrick, and Cooke ; Auditors — Messrs. Pearce and Cawthorne. Votes of thanks were passed to the office- bearers for the past year. ST. PAUL'S, PORT ADELAIDE. The Easter Vestry was held on Tuesday, April 19. The meeting was the largest ever held at this Church, the incumbent and 47 seatbolders being present, and was most hearty and unanimous. The Wardens presented the balance-sheet, which was passed and ordered to be printed. The people's Warden (Mr. J. Formby) expressed the great obligation the Vestry was under to Dr. Forwood for the trouble he had taken in setting the accounts on a proper footing, and proposed a special vote of thanks to him for his valuable services. This was most heartily given. In reply to a ques tion asked by Mr. Drew, the Wardens stated that during the year the number of vacant sittings had decreased from 82 to 3L Several motions were introduced, the most important being that of Mr. J. Smith, seconded by Mr. Turton—"That the weekly offertory be re sumed in place of the montly collection made during the past year." Mr. Anthony, sen., moved an amendment—"That the monthly collection be continued," but this was not seconded, and the motion was carried against only two dissentients. The salaries were fixed as follows:—Organist, £20 ; Verger, £20. The officers elected for this year were Wardens—Messrs. J. Smith and A. Jones; Synodsmen — Messrs. Duncan and Edmunds ; Select Vestrymen—Messrs. Thomas, Parker, gina^ and Duncan ; Sidesmen — Messrs. Drew and Howitt. After votes of thanks to the retiring officers and the Chairman, the In cumbent gave the benediction and dissolved the meeting. ST. MICHAEL'S CHURCH, MtTCHAM. The Annual Vestry Meeting of St. Michael's Church, Mitcham, was held on the evening of Tuesday, April 19th. The Rev. Henry ICead, M.A., incumbent, was in the chair, and there were present Messrs. N. Cld ham and J. Carter (the retiring Wardens), Messrs. .:Thrupp, Price, Page, Eastber, W. Taylor, Calf, Webb, and Bragg. After prayer, the minutes of last meeting were read and con firmed. Mr. Oldham, clergyman's Warden, read the statement of accounts for past year. These, when audited, were ordered to be printed, and showed an increase on previous years both in pew rents and offertories. It was also directed that the Churchwardens' address, with a slight alteration, be printed. During the past year a sum of £173 has been spent on repairs and improvements of the parsonage. Of this sum £123 has been already raised; it was therefore proposed by Mr. Price, and seconded by Mr. Tbrapp, that a further sum of £50 be raised to meet the deficiency. The proposal was carried unanimously. Messrs. Oldham and Thrupp were appointed Synodsmen. The pre sent Wardens having signified their intention of declining office, the Incumbent nominated Mr. Thrupp as minister's Warden, and Mr. Cunningham was elected people's Warden. Messrs. Calf. Bartley, aad Oldham were ap pointed to act with the Churchwardens on the Election Committee, in case of the incumbency falling vacant. A special meeting was called for, with due notice, to fill up vacancies among the Trustees of the church. &" increase of salary was voted to the verger and pew- opener; After votes of thanks to the retiring Wardens, and also to the Chairman, the meeting closed with the Benediction. ST. MARGARET'S CHURCH, WOOD VILLE. The usual Easter Meeting of St. Margaret's Church, Woodvfllle, was held on Tues day evening, 19th inst. Mr. A. Hall in the chair. The accounts of the previous year were passed, and ordered to be printed. Messrs. W. R. Cave, J. Formby, G. W. SOlifant, H. C. E. Muecke, G. De Mole, Geo. f oung, and A. P. Hall were elected vestrymen for the ensuing year. In consequence of the unavoidable ab sence of the Rev. H. M. Pellitt, pastor, the meeting was adjourned for the purpose of elect ing synodsmen. ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH, GAWLER. The Easter vestry meeting in connection with St. George's Church Gawler, was held on Tues day, 13th inst. Rev. Canon Coombs, Incumbent, in the chair. There was a very poor attendance, the night being dark and rainy. The Church wardens, Messrs. W. Gome and W. S. Taylor, brought up their accounts duly audited, which were received and passed by the meeting. Votes of thanks were passed to the Church wardens, Synodsmen, and Sidesmen for their services during the past year. Messrs. W. S. Taylor and Win. Gome were re-elected Wardens, Dr. Lewis and Mr. T. O. Jones re-elected Synodsmen, and Messrs. Win. Mansom, Thos. White, and M. Henderson elected Sidesmen. Other questions were brought forward, when it was resolved to adjourn the meeting till Monday next. A vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman and acknowledged.—The annual picnic of the scholars and teachers of the St. George's Church Sunday-school took place on Thursday, 21st inst. The children and teachers were conveyed in waggons, kindly lent for the occasion, to the beautiful grounds of Mr. Jas. Lawes, at the Sandy Creek, and near the Lyn doch-xoad. The day was very lovely, and all enjoyed themselves. Every one was well looked after and provided with ample pro visions of the best kind, and in the evening all returned without accident. A great number of visitors were on the ground during theaftemoon. On Sunday, the 20th instant, the anniversary of the Presbyterian Church, Mount Barker, was held, when the Rev. Jas. Lyall (Adelaide) preached twe eloquent and impressive sermons. On Monday evening, 21st, a soiree was hell, the Rev. A. Law, pastor of the church, presiding. Tea was served out at the commencement, and fruit later in the evening. Appropriate ad dressea were delivered by the Chairman, the Rev. J. Lyall, and the Rev. E. Browne (Epis copalian) ; an instructive dialogue was well re cited by two young men—Messrs. Lyon and Gregory—and several anthems were tastefullj rendered by Mr. A. Champion and choir. The collections and proceeds of soiree amounted to about £16. On Sunday, March 27, three sermons in connection with the anniversary of the Young-street Chapel Sabbath-school were preached by the Rev. O. Lake, and the atten dance at each service was good, especially in the evening. Tea and public meetings continued the services on Monday evening, and there were a number of the parents and friends of the children present. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Pellew, who, as well as the Revs. J Way, O. Lake, and Dr. Campbell, delivered an excellent address. It was stated during the evening that there were 63 children in regular attendance, and that the receipts had been equal to the expenditure. During the evening the children sang same hymns from the " Ame rican Sacred Songster" very sweetly. Collec tions were made at each service, which amounted altogether to £13. The congregation at Clayton Chapel, Kensington, celebrated the completion of the manse which has just been erected for the use of the minister by a tea meeting and soiree on Tuesday evening. Notwithstanding the wet ness of the evening, there was a good atten dance, both at the tea and at the entertainment afterwards in the chapel. The chair was oc cupied by Mr. A. Hay, M.P., who congratulated the congregation on the completion of the im portant woik in which they had been engaged. Mr. Caterer gave a financial report, from which it appeared that the land and building had cost about £990, towards which some £300 had already been raised. From this point the en tertainment became musical and literary, with a collection thrown in promiscuously. Some sacred songs were sung by Udy and gentlemen amateurs very sweetly, and Mr. Harcui read portions of a lecture. Votes were passed to all who had helped, and the proceedings closed about 10 o'clock. On Monday evening, the 4th instant, the friends of the Rev. Paul C. Thomas met him at a social meeting in the Wealeyan Church, Uoolwa, to take an affectionate leave of him on his removal to Port Lincoln. The rev. gentleman has been highly prized in the district as a preacher, and greatly esteemed as a man ; and of this there was ihnnil«iit evidence by the huge number that assembled on the oc cibiod. The public meeting that followed the tea was presided over by Mr. Jacob Turrell, and addressed 1 y the Rev. C. Price (Indepen dent), and Messis. T. Goode, jun., G. Barker, Kitchift, Campbell, and Higgins, all of whom, bore testimony to Mr. Thomas's ministerial efficiency and success, and expressed their great regret at his removal. In the course of the evening ho was pveaeuted with a copy of " Kitto's Cyclopaedia, of Uihlical Literature in three v 015.," which he acknowledged in ap propriate and feeling terms. The Uev. Joseph Spence, their former minister, who is now ou a visi< to the South, was present at the meeting, and was very warmly receiv«?<l by his old friends. The auuual social meeting in connection with the Adelaide Society of the New Church was held at the Town Hall Refreshment Room on Monday evening, April 11. There were up ward* of one hundred ladies and gentlemen pre sent, aud Mr. C. L- Ilubots occupied the chair. The mcetiug was openod by Mr. E. G. Day, luiuhitr of ti>f> Church, reading a portion of S.'rii?turf and then olleriu^ prayer, after which the Chairman niitlc a few retnarts, and a piece of i'.K-al imiftic was givoa by the choir. Mr. V.iy lliuu delivered a« address upon "The nearnpKii and reality of the Spiritual World," Iv tlic course of which he oxplaiued that the nit-tiling had been postponed several months beyond the usual time iv consequence of the nuuihci of deaths which had taken place amongst the members of tbe Society. He then proceeded to comment on the nearness and reality of the spiritual world, and explained the doctrines of the New Church with reference thereto. Mr. W. Holden also delivered an in teresting address, iv which he spoke of the benefits resulting from such social gatherings as they were likely to participate iv that eveuing. A number of glees, choriubs, &C.;, ware exceed ingly well reudered by Ihe choir of the church, astistcl by Mr. and Mrs. 1L I. Price, Mrs. Proctor, and the Mini's Vaughan. Mander, Whiter, aud others. Several readings and reci iati.>m were alto given, which tended to the en joyment of the meeting. During an interval re fresh uir-uti were partaken of," «md the proceed ings closed about half- past 10, after an exceed ingly pleasant evening had been spent, and votes of thanks had been accorded to those friends who had assisted. On Friday, Bth instant, the Very Rev Father Byrne examined the children of St. Jcuei.U's School, Virginia, when 45 presented themselves for examination, all in holiday attuv. The children of the different classes -went through a searching examination in the various branches of an English education with great credit, aud proved that great care had been bestowed npon them by Miss Lafian, and that they knew how to profit by it. In elocu tion various pieces were given by a number of the pupils. Some very handsome specimens ot needlework, in Berlin wool and beads, as also bouquets of artificial flowers, the work of the children, were exhibited. The rev. pastor said he was pleasingly surprised at the proficiency of the pupils, and that taking into account their tender age, that was oue of the best schools in the colony, and reflected gr*at credit on the teacher. He hoped thatpareuts would send their children to school constantly. Th* prizes were then dis trihuted as follows:—For Fourth-Class—A. M. McGowen took first prize; C. O'Loughlin second priz?; K. (Tummins, third prize ; John Walsh, fourth priza ; Rose E. Smyth, fifth prize; Kate Byan, sixth prize; and James Watson, seventh prize. Thtrd-Clasa—M. <-)'i«ugulin, first prize; M. Cummin.-!, second priz^; I'at. Walsh, third priz > ; James Spain, fourth prize; M. OToughhu, fifth prizi; and Thomas Ryan, sixth prize. In best division of second, Margaret O'De.x, M. A. ODea, Ellen Mclntyre, Jane McC.iuveU, and Euima Brady took the priz'>-i; uud in second division of second, John Kei.l, K<->i? ltrady, Maria aud Hannah Mclntyre, SlicUiol Malony, Nomh ODea, and Kate ODea took the prizes, iv thn order in which we give the names. The business of the day was drawn to a ul.ise !>y the chil.lrou singing some hymns, aft.v which Mr. H. Hewett kindly provided them with sweetmeats, and then parents and cliii.lro.i returned to their homes well pleased witli the proceedings of the day. On Sunday, April 10th, three sermons were jtsvanhP:! by tho Ki?v. J. S. Wayland, in conue.:tion with the annivcisary of tb« Primi tive Afethodist Hahliath School in Morphett strdct. The services wyv coutinncd ou Mon day liy tea and public meetings, at both of whu-h'inauy of the paivuts and friends of the chiliirou ?f cii« present. The chair ft'as occupied hy Mr. ri. lUkewell, who, in his introductory remarks, expressed liia pleasure at seeing the Key. J. G. Wright present that evening, aud after wishing him success in bis now sphere of labor, he referred to the &ood; which Sabbath schools might bo thii uieniis of <Mnfciriag ou thos? who attended them. He hoped that the labors of the teachers would bo crowned with success, stud that through their teachings many souls would lie won from darkness and from the power of Satau. Mr. It. Ooria, Superintendent, gave the annual slate nieut, from which it appeared that there were se\on main and 3iv fi-male teachers, 1:) alto gether, including the Superintendent, taiy, and Libra.) i:in. The number of children btu-utlins the achuol ?-.-n SO —U girls, and 39 {toys. lie lo^rutlud tiial the school was in debt to the :noou>it rtf 1.M., aud ur^ml the jiarents tit (..••■.;>£-i.i|j > with tin- tnacliers iii imparting ku.iwlodjjis to thrir cliildrnu, and the desira liilitj <>f wii/iut; off Uii- liability. Hi- also attkrnl the ;'<>ui)g pei^pli' t>> O4>mi" f-U'itard and aHsist in to.i-!nu3 the uhildi'eu, ?tatiu? that there was work enough to employ suuie i:t teachera more. Rev. J. S. Wayland expressed the sympathy he felt iv that as Well ua other Sunday-schools, and wished that ovcry snecchs uiight attend the efforts of tUnse wh.) were engaged as Sabbath- school teaonors. The Key. U. teuton puintctl out that prayer war. uecesaary in bung ing the souls of children t^. v.'urist. The Key. .1. C Wright said that tlie sch?<>l hail bceu a graci success, and prayed that all such schools might bo a thmuantl times uioie prosperous. Ho hid them all farewell, and hoped they would inedt in heaven. During the evening anvcral hynin:: were sung, and recitations given by the chilJivu, aud at the close. the. usual votes of thai its wen- passed. The anniversary of the Hindmarsh Congregational Sunday-school was celebrated ou the 13th, 14th, aud 15th instant. On Sun day, sermons were, preached—in the morn ing by the Rev. J. G. Wright; afternoon and evening by the Rev. C. Manthorpe. iln Mon day afternoon a tea meeting (for adults) took place, followed by a public meeting presided over by Captain Bickers. Mr. J. E. Milton (Snpeiuitrndeut) read his ""n'l"1 report, from which we learn that tho present number of scholars in 169 ; teachers, 17. A library is also provided for the use of the school, containing about ;i^o volume?. Another pleasing feature in the report was the fact that £17 Us. 41. have beeu collected by the scholars for missionary purposes, against £8 2i. 3d. for the previous year. With regard to finances, there was a small balance in the hands of the Treasurer. The meeting was addressed by the Revs. G. W. PatcheU, J. d. 3toyeL and Messrs. H. Hussey, A. S. Neil, Gore, and others, all of whom impressed upon those present (es prchlly parents) the importance of giving the children a good moral training at home, co-operation with the teachers, and the benefits arising from Sabbath-school instruction. They impressed upon the teachers tho necessity of prayerf uiuess, and patience to bear with the children's peculiarities, and not be discouraged if they did not immediately perceive the fruits of their labor, for. like bread cast upon the waters, it would be seen after many days. At interval?, the children sung several pieces of music, reflecting great credit upon Mr. J. Pickering, jun., under whose direction the musical arrangempnta were* carried out. After the nsual vote of thanks had been passed, tho meeting closed with the benediction. The pro ceeds of Sunday services, tea and public meet ing, amounted £25. On Tuesday the Sunday school chil«lren went to Woodville, where they indulged iv various amusements, L. Hanson, Ksq., haviug kindly placed oue of his paddocks at their disposal. At 5 o'clock p.m., the chiLlren returned to the schoolroom, where they partook of a bountiful re-past of tea, cake, &c;, after which an adjournment was made to the Chapel, when short addresses were given by the Key. S. L. Harris, pastor of the Church, aud several of th« teachers and friends. Dia logue% recitations, and singing formed a very pi-aiaiuent pint of the lysvLin*'* proceedings, which was lirought to a close shortly after S o'cl.ick, — Communicated. On Sunday, 27th March, a farewell sermon was preached at Saddleworth to a crowded congregation, from Deut. xxx, v. 19 and 20, by the Rev. J. S. Wayland, who is about removing to Adelaide. On Monday, April 4, an excellent tea was provided by various ladies of Saddleworth. About 300 persons, representing the inhabitants of the township and circuit of Mr. Wayland's labors, attended. Tho tea was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, followed by a public meeting in the Baptist Chapel, under the presi dency of C.R. Goode, Esq., J.P. The chapel was crowded and many persons were unable to gain admission. After a lecture delivered at the request of the audience by the Rev. J. S. Wayland, a resolution, moved by Mr. J. Tal lack, expressive of gratitude to Providence for the success that had attended the lahors of Mr. Wayland during the past four years, and testi- fying to his intelligent and faithful ministry of the Word, and expressing the best wishes of the meeting for his success in his new sphere of labor, was seconded by Mr. J. Goodes, and supported by Mr. C. C. Oldham, Mr. S. Olley, and the Rev. S. J. Nicholls, and carried unanimously. Mr. Olley, on behalf of the inhabitants of Saddleworth and the circuit, presented Mr. Wayland with a purse containing 24 sovereigns, as a practical expression of their appreciation of his services. A resolution, affirming confidence and appreciation of Mrs. Wayland as a Christian lady and pastor's wife, and wishing her much happiness, was moved by Mr. E. Siekmann, seconded by Mr. Tallack, sup ported by Mr. Nicholls, and carried unani mously. Mr. Wayland replied on behalf of Mrs. Wayland and himself, reciprocating the kind sentiments which had been expressed, and stating that any success that had attended his labors was attributable in a large measure to his many kind co- workers. He thanked them for the present, and for the kind feelings which had prompted it, and said that the re membrance of this kindness would cheer him onward in his new sphere of labor. A vote of thanks to the ladies, and to Mr. E. Palmer and Mr. S. Olley for the interest they had taken in the matter, was put and carried. Mr. Palmer replied, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated a very interesting meeting. Mr. Wayland goes to Adelaide to the Morphett street Church, and the Rev. J. Standrin takes his place. The Rev. J. G. Wright being about to leave the Adelaide Circuit for Stratnalbyn, valedictory tea and public meetings were held in the Primitive Methodist Church, Morphett street, ou Wednesday eveuing, Apiil 6. There were about 100 persons at the tea, and there was a very fair attendance at the public meet ing, presided over by Mr. K. Coriu, one of the oldest members of the Church. Several apolo gies for the absence of inwUtws of otlior de nominations haviug hecu read, addresses were given by Messrs. W. WinwiM>d, Peters, I>. I-f. Mudge, aud J. Pickering, all of whom spoke of their friendship with Mr. Wright, that gentle- Dion's amiability and love for the cause of Christ, and their regret at being obliged to part with him. They also expressed their sym pathy for him in his late illness and the ill ness of his family, and unitedly joined in wish ing him a large measure of health and pros perity in tiie future. The Bey. Mr. Wright on rising to speak, was greeted with lend ap plause. He alluded to his late illness, and tie benefit he felt in trusting in the Loid, obseiviug that now he was recovering he felt a stronger determination to work harder in winning souls to Jenus. Re felt it hard to part with them, but he hoped they would open their heart* to his successor as they had done to him. ffr had known Mr. Wayland (his successor) fur uiaoy years, and could vouch for his goodness and amiability. He hoped that gentleman would be a blessing to them and that he would have many friends. He hoped that they would not forget him when h« waa gone, but would pray for him and that they would all meet in Heaven. The Key. S. Mead, who had jus come in, then made a few remarks expressive of his confidence and esteem in Me Wright, and his sorrow that he was leaving. He had begun to look on Mr. Wright as an old friend, and had had many opportunities of seeing him, more especially at the Alliance meetings. He hoped good would be with them, and that Mr. Wright's labors in bis new sphere might be abundantly blessed. After some remarks from other gentlemen, a vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies who provided the tea, and the meeting closed in the ordinary manner. A collection was made dur ing the evening. Mr. Wright, who has been in the Adelaide Circuit for four years, and who for the last two years lias been working very hard, goes to the Htrathalbyn Circuit, the Bey. J. S. Wayland having taken bis place. The services in connection with the first anniversary of the Draper Memorial Church were commenced on Sunday, April 17, when three sermons were preached. la the morning tbe Itcv. Win. Taylor conducted worship in the church, 1-1""; as his text the words of the apostle Paul —"I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called"'—Bphesians, iv., I. The discourse was interesting and in structive. The Key. Mr. Taylor preached in the afternoon in the Town Hall, which was crowded, hundreds having to stint], unable to obtain seats. The basis of his remarks waa the verses—"These things have I written unto you that believe ou the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that yo may believe ou the name of the Sou of God. And this is the coutideuce that we have in Him, that if we ask anything according to His will He heareth us" —1 John, v., 13 and 14\. The subject, he remarked, ef bis dis course was prayer. I'myer meant de pendence and necessity on their port; it meant faith in Him who had promised to supply all their need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Prayer implied contingency. If they asked anything according to llis will it was n. sure thing. They knew that lle hpare.th thpm. The contingency or i ground of iloubt as to whether He would auawtu' aid not rest with God at all; it rented with them. Prayer was a heaven-ordained means of approach to (he Almighty, who before they aske.l was acquainted with their wants ami had h supply which ?v*i like an in eshau^titilo river. 'Hie *?fffct of (ijayer had more to do with them than with GoiL It brought them into a proper tVoling to receive tbe divii;e bleiaing. It was luo will of God that idl should bo saved for He willed not the death of a sinner; hut He would save none against themselves. The Almighty dealt with them as rational and intelligent Iteing* Tap couditions upon which the sinner was pardoned were simple—iv fact there \yas but a siugle condition, which was his having faith. Works went for nothiufj. On v dinner being pardoned be was justified, and justilication meant merely acquittal — a judicial decision of acquittal. What was the act of faith by which salvation was obtained ? lie could give tliom a definition iv two words—" receiving Christ." God hod given them eternal life, and (hat life was in His son. '* For as many as received Him to them gave He power to become the sous of ftod." That wm the wny to get the blessing; not ou his showing, but on the show ins ?f God. The act of faith was just as simple as a patient receiving a physician and placing his case iv hid hauds, having faith iv his ere. dentiils. After receiving Christ, the Spirit bore witness with their spirits, that they wer* W\>- children of God. Prayer for themselves meant nut work, hut submission; whilst, on the contrary, prayer for others meant work. It was that proce&s; by which they were hronght into that relation in which they could bo used as workers together with the ffoly Ghost in bringing about the conversion of sinners. The evening swiro which was held iv the Church, was Cuu.lucted !iy the Rev. Thomas James, who preached an admirable sermon upon the words, "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life, and he that believeth not the Sou shall not see life, but the wrath of God abideth on him." —John UL, 36. The con gregations at the Church were large, and a collection was made at the close of each service. On Wednesday evening, April 20, wheu tea and public meetings were held ; the former in the Lecture Hall, Pirie-streK, and the latter in the church adjoining. Both were well attended, especially tie public meeting, at which the Key. Wm. L. Binks (Chairman of the District) presided. Amongst the, gentlemen occupying scats on the platform were thr> Revs. Wm. Taylor and Thos. James, aud th« Hon. J. Colton (Commissioner of Public Works). The proceedings having been commenced by singing and prayer, offered by the Bey. Mr. Taylor, the Chairman made some prefatory re marks. After espressing gratification at seeing such a large attendance, he observed that they all knew why the Draper Memorial Church was built Whilst it-was erected to commemorate the memory of a highly respected minister, there was a higher object-yto meet the spiritual wants of the persons residing in the part of the city in which tbo chuich was situated. They had at present a large, an interesting, and at tentive congregation statedly worshipping there —a congregation of 300 adults. No doubt a number of persons who formerly worshipped in the Pilie-street Church now attended the Draper Menuuial Church. Not only was there a considerable congregation there, but there was also a Society of about 140 individuals regularly meeting in class, which was a large number —such as ought to exert a wide-spread in fluence for good. Very much would depend upon the zeal and devotion of the members and office-bearers, as to whether the erection of the church would be a success. He was glad to notice that visitors to the church were spoken to by the members, and an interest mani fested in them, because in this way a great point was gained. He hoped this feature would mark tbe conduct of the members aud office bearers in the future. The erection of tbe church had thrown a heavy burden upon certain individuals who were responsible. He was very much afraid that some of their friends thought it was a burden almost intolerable to be borne, and he was afraid that some of their Pine-street friends were looking on the wrong side. They felt that there was a large gap in their congregation, which was quite, line. He trusted the meeting would be crowned with this success—that it would inspire confidence. He supposed the colony was not going to be insolvent—Ade laide was not going to bD emptied of its in habitants ; he hoped better things for Adelaide. (Applause.) He was satisfied that if their people acted as Ohritians should do, the debt npon the Draper Memorial Church would gradually disappear. There was a time when there was a debt of £G,(KM upon the Pirie *tre«-t Church, which bad cimie down now to £1,000 or £1,200. He trusted they would take a proper view of the Diaptu Memorial Church, remembering that it was a conneclionalChurch, and tkit all tbi-ir fiiends would endeavor to do a lictlr- towitrd the liquidation of the debt, which amounted to about £2,400. He would say that they were glad to see tho Ke.v. Mr. Taylor amongst them, and they sincerely hoped his visit would prove a blessing to the Church in the culouy. (Applause.) Ho was sure he only expressed the senti ment of all present when ho gave the Key. Mr. James a hearty welcome. (Applause.) He had no doubt that he would have their co operation in the work of the Lord to which ha had devoted himself, (applause.) Mr. F. Richards (Treasurer) read the financial state ment, from which it appeared that the receipts and the expenditure of the past year left a balance of £44 4s. 4d. due to the Treasurer. The exact amount of the debt on the Church was £2,430. The Sev. Thos. James then ad dressed the meeting, making an excellent speech, in which he expressed his appreciation of the cordial welcome he had received. The Key. Win. Taylor followed with an eitremely interesting address. In speaking of Methodism —what it had accomplished and what it was j destined to do—he mentioned that the American I Episcopalian Methodist Church had 2,500,000 ' members with 9,000,000 attendants, and a ; miuiatryof 15,000 persons. TheHon-JobnColton I was tbe next speaker. Tbeerection of tbe Draper Memoiial Church, he said, was an undertaking ! that commended itself to him, and one that he ; had always taken a lively interest in. When j tho idea of erecting it was first mooted he be lieved it to be right, and now, alter it had been opened 12 months, he still believed it to be right, notwithstanding that it had been some what a drain up?u the lirie-itreet Church ; for he was confident they should have that Church again well GUed, and that the congregation at the Draper Memorial Cbarch would not only continue as Luge as at present, but would in crease in size. It was bis fivm opiuiou that it would soon be necessary for them to farther extend their borders in Adelaide. (Applause ) He was no croaker, but believed that the Pine-street Church would have more pros perity than they had ever had if they were faithful to God and to themselves. (Applause.) Although the debt ou the Draper Memorial Church was comddctahle, he did not at all despair. It wax a. beautiful edifice., and the undertaking must commend itself to all. especially to every Methodist. (ArtpHuse.) Mr. NicholU proposed, and Mr. J. Broad seconded, a vote of thanks to the lievs. Messrs. Taylor and James, for their very valuable ser vices. The proposition was carried by accla mation. Mr. J. D. Hill moved a similar vote to the ladies, for providing the tea, and to the choir, who during the evening had very creditably sung several anthems, Mr. W. Broadbent presiding at the organ* Mr. James Scott seconded the motion, which was carried amid applause. On the motion of Mr. J. Dungey, the usual compliment was accorded the Chair man, after which the proceedings were brought tj a close by tbe doxology lining sung and the he.nedictiou pronounce.!. The proceeds of the whole of the services, including promises, amountel to £1$), which is just Sufficient to pay the int^reut for a year on the borrowed money. _ Vl.— SPORTING. SPECIAL DAY'S RACING AT THE BAfiTON. Fbidat, April I. The All Fools' Day racing came off as advertised on Friday. The attendance was limited considerably through the sports not being fixed either for a public holiday or a Satur day, and many 'bus-drivers that plied their trade in lhe streets looking for passengers, were at last compelled in disappointment to take their vehicles borne. Occasionally a coach secured oue passenger, who was driven about the town hither and thither in search for companions, till tired of the entertainment, he either induced his driver to push on for Thebarton, or eke stepped out of his carriage and procured one that would be more under his own coutroL Some busses, however, managed to pick up a Inad, aud with the private vehicles and pedestrians, altogether several bundled persons assembled in the old Daddock during the afternoon. The weather, though close, was an improvement npon that of the forenoon, the driving clouds of dust being happily wanting. The sports were not particu larly exciting, though in the minor races there were one or two close contests. The first event was a match between Mr. Oliver's Mosquito and a pony belonging to Mr. Brodie, of Mor phett Vale; the latter winning by little more than a head. In the next race, which was a watch between Mr. Stevens's Patience and Mr. Cartwrighfs Beeswing, the former ran clean away from bis opponent. Tbe Steeplechase was a great disappointment. It was thought Moi.k might demur to some of his leaps, aud that if, contrary to his most general custom, he went straight, he would win, but that there would be. a pretty race. To the surprise of every one, however, Pick-M<?- Op baulked twice at bis second leap, and Monk got a mighty lead, which he kept right through, never flinching at anything. Pick-Me-Up, after having negotiated the second fence, jumped beautifully, till he came round to the same ob struction again, when he refused once, and then cleared the leap in good style. The course was the same as that ran in the New Tear's Day Steeplechase, over three miles, with 19 jumps, and only two of them taken a second time, ia the Tom Fools' Handicap there was a frequent change of positions, but Darkie, with the tup weight (9 st. 7 lbs.), won, hard held. A match between Mosquito and Mr. Giles's Black Bess was tbe nert event on the card, hut Bess having brokcu down, the insect walked over, and claimed tho stakes. A liacU race aud a hurry skurry cloaed the. advertised programme; but a hack hurdle race was got up, and fivn Widl- Icuowu ltoiseacompeted, Topthorue, who was in fine form, taking his lt«.pa iv capital style, and wiu&iug; easily. The following ate the events in ili'tail: — FIBST HATCH. Half mile, catch weights. For £5 aside Mr. l.rodie's br. pony mare Kitty (Ward) ... 1 Mi". T. Oliver's blk. pony mare, Mosquito (G«ary) 2 liitty went off with the lead, which she in creased till thi- straight, when the insect gradually, and by great exertions, pulled up, and bath came past thn post whipping, Mr. lirodie'a pony winding by little more than a head. SECOND MATCH. One mile, for i'lo a side. Mr. G. Stevens's Mk.g. Patience, list. (Landcake) 1 Mr. Cartwright'a br.m. Beeswing, 11 st. (Fletcher) 2 I'a.tiauce led off, iucr<*ased his headway rapidly, and won in a cauter. hard held. STEEPLECHASE. Match of 50 soys. a side; over 19 jumps, about three miles. Mr. Maloitty'd br g. Monk, l.« st, 7 lbs. (Alfor.l) 1 Mr. «. O. Cooper's e.g. I'icL-Me-Up, lrtst. 7 lbs. (An Amateur) 2 Blor.L locked iv piime order, but the chesuut, though =h..«iiiJ that he had I-aii brought iiito good" condition, was evidently dull and out of sorts. The pair were started iii the n.irthe.ost corner at a steady pjici), aud took the first jump all right, Monk leading. Tho second leap, was the well-known piece of pout aud railing in the open, not far from the straight. Many good horses have swerved at this jump, and Monk seemed to hesitate for a second, and then cleared it with a mighty bound, rather sideways. Pick-Me-TTp, to our surprise, refused twice, but then cleared them well Meanwhile the celibate had taken the two jumps opposite the Grand Stand steadily, and in capital style, amidst the cheers of the spectators, and was in the Hilton paddocks be fore Pick-Me-Up had got away from his eticldng place. The latter horse, however, got over the two fences admirably, and then followed after Monk, but at -a great distance, and at a slow pace. The rest : of the race is easily described. The old brown j hunter cleared everything like a bird, without ■ a single refusal, and won by half a mile, more ' or less. Mr. Cooper's horse got over everything till he came to his first difficulty, and here he made one baulk and then went over properly, j The last hurdle he touched heavily, but it yielded. Most of his leaps were well taken, but be was, plainly enough, not up to the mark. TOM FOOLS' HANDICAP. Of 10 soys., with sweep of 2 soys. Two ' miles. Mr. W. Christopher's br.g. Darkie, aged, 9 st. 7 lbs. (Morris) 1 Mr. P. McEuhili'fl br.g. Flying Dutchman, ! 3 yrs., 6 st 3 lbs. (Ward) 2 Mr. J. P. Williama's b.m. Lady, 6 yrs., 8 st. (J. Tunstall) 3 Mr. J. Jackson's b.g. Duke of Welling- ! ton, 6yrs., Sat 7lbs. (Jackson) 0 Mr. W. H. Formby's b.g. Lonsdale, 6 yrs., 9 st. 4 lbs. (Jenkins) 0 Mr. P. McEnhill's cm. Coquette, aged, 7 st. 4 lbs. (McEnhill) 0 The lot got away well, the Duke taking the lead, Lonsdale second, and Darkie third. After passing the turning south of the Stand Lonsdale fell back into fourth place, Lady passing him and taking second position. On the east side Darkie made play and went np to the front, L-idy waiting on him. The rest made various chauges of position, and at the north-east corner were all in a heap. At the last corner there was a struggle, and in the straight Lady made a desperate effort to collar Darkie, bat in vain; he won hard held, Lady second, and His Grace third. HATCH. One mile and a-half. Mr. Oliver's Mosquito 1 Mr. Giles's Black Cess 0 Bess having bioken down did not appear, and j the other walked the course, his owner claiming the stakes. HACK RACE. One mile and a half ; po*t entrance. Mr. P. Seaman's Typo 1 Mr. Sedunary's SSeawee.l .. ... ... 2 hit: J. Lamb's Try-it 0 Tiy-il might as well not hive tried it, as hia failure was most lamentable. The other two made a fine race of it for about three-fourths of the way, when Typo shot a-head, and won easily. HURRTSKUERT. \ Three-quarters of a mile; catch-weights; post entrance. Mr. J. Ilarvey's Ada Ij Mr. J. Nation's Cider 2 ; Mr. McKniiill's Flying Dutchman :t Mr. W. U. Forutby'a Lonadsle 0 Mr. Williams's Lady 0 Mr. J. McEohill's Coquette 0 Mr. Hill's Johnny 0 Mr. Mansell's Egremout 0 The field went away with a rush, and it was difficult to see which was coming to tbe fore till, as the goal was approached the well-known Salisbury mare and Lonsdale were seen making play, with one or two close up. At the post, however, Ada had goi ahead, Mr. Fonnby's horse a good second. Cider third, and the rest in straggling order. HACK HURDLKB. Once round the course; seven jumps. Catch weights. Mr. Wuuams's Topthorne I Mr. W. H. Formby'e The Chicken 2 Mr. Morris's Mickey Free 3 Mr. Ferry's Sambo 0 Mr. Oliver's Jolly Dog 0 The lot began with tbe two made fences in front of the Stand, the Chicken Imping over followed by the others, till Jolly D'-z baulked at the second. After going about half a mile Topthorne pulled up and took the lead, which he maintained and won easily, the Chicken second; Mickey Free, after a baulk at the last hurdle, third; Sambo next. Jolly Dog was &t; last induced to take his leap, and went round the course with an occasional baulk, much in the style of his fiist memorable appearance. This race closed the proceedings, and the spec tators dispel sed. Mr. J. Chambers acted as Judge, and Sir. P. H. Cogliu as Starter, aud gave perfect satis faction hy the excdlent manner in which they diachargM thi-ir respective duties. Not a single |irote*it was entered—an unusual thing ia racr? inklings near Adelaide—and everything went off pleasantly. 