" Merry Ohristmas." " A MEUUY CHRISTMAS anda happy New Year." Could there ho a heartier senti ment ? Is not all that is genial, and kind, and friendly embodied in tho sentence ? So should it bo : for Christmas time is Burely a period when the most generous promptings of tho heart should bo in dulged ; a time when charity consists not in tho cold deliberation of other times, but in tho giving without doubt, without in quiry ; a time when none but a churl will cherish malice or hatred, but all good fel lows will pocket ill-will for tho nonce at any rate, and thrust forth their hands in friendship ; a timo when the spirit frees itself from tho thraldom of everyday petty cares and strifes, and comes forth in its earnestness and truth ; a time, in short, brief but healthy, when men and women may give way to tho kindliness and charity of their nature, without being sneered at by their follows, with out feolinfr tho shaine of having done an absurd thing. Jolly, hearty Christmas, who art this day 1*870 years of ago. Thou, with thy frosty locks, art yet as youthful as when, ages gone by, thou wert wolcomed by our forefathers as thou art welcomed now. For thou can'st never grow old ; carrying with thee, as thou dost, tho source of ell youth, kindlino-9, truth, . generosity, fiiiudahip-a feeling heart, an earnest spirit. "What matlora it that Father Christmas oomes to us hore in the garb of summer 'r What if hore tho yule log is not burned, the snow fulls not, the chill mantle of winter is absent from our woods and meadows? Ia Chrismas the less Christmas in all tho elements of beauty, friendliness and general good fellowship ? Not so. Though here the blazing fire, the close drawn curtains, tho smoking board, give way to tho pic-nic and out-of-door enjoyments, Christmas is hero as heartily and as honestly Christmas as in tho old world of his birth. Mark yonder stream of vehicles hurrying forth towards the suburbs on Christmas Eve, thronged with parcels. Look at oach man and woman's face as they pass by : tho business of hap piness reflected in it. See tho Bright shops, tho joyful crowds, the Christmas boughs, tho merry groups about you. Look yonder at that good portly mother with her brood of youngsters about her, each carrying a parcel in which, for the time, is centred juvenilo hopes and anti cipations, ltomark the expression of placid happiness in tho good lady's.faco; and how, ever and anon, she will turn to her good man and make some remark, smiling tho while as people only smile at Christ mas tide. Is there » sour face about you; an ill look. If there ho, let us hope that it springs not from the disposition of him .who wears it, hut from the misfortune of the hour, and that ere Christmas Day pass hy it may pass away. Did ever rihopB look BO full and plenty,- crushing with good things and dainty offerings. Here is a butcher's shop, with Christmas joints oxpoaod ior sale ; hore a grocer's, plethoric of figs and plums, and nuts and spices ; hero a pastrycook's crammed full of cakes and sweots ; next a poulterer's with dozens of long-legged fowls, monstrous turkeys, corpulont duoks, and apopleotio geese, for sale. Yonder, tho toy shop, around which those young sters ore wd in curious delight; there the draper's, teeming with maids and matrons, making the last purchase towards the white dress for tho pic-nic. A pleasant sight, an honest human spectaclo. At this momont, good friends, all the Christian world is making morry. From the steeples of old churches and cathedrals, in city and village, in palace and hovel, in the streets and in the farm-house, on land and on water, the same earnest, joyful spirit is stirring nil Christian hearts. At this hour how many thousands recall days gone by, when friends that have long since passed to that mysterious outer world whither we are all journeying, were present in tho flesh, and cried a merry Ohristmas with the best of us. How many, think you, will let fall a tear at this time, as relentless memory brings back those days gone by, and prompts regret, sorrow, remorse. Ah, me ! tho stirring of hearts at this hour ; the multitudes who are inspired by hopes for the future, memories of the past, happiness in tho present. If we think of tho old Bible story, and the glo rious night scones there spoken of, wo must think that here, in such another clime as that in which tho Saviour came to tho world, Christmass loses none of its suggestiveness. Tho bright Btars that beam on earth are stars that beamed on that won drous sceno ; the palo moon which guided the steps of Joseph and Mary in their flight, gives forth her generous light to ns at this hour, eighteen hun dred years aftor; and those stars and that pale moon looked down upon a land not dissimilar to our own, and beamed through an atmosphere much akin to that which now surrounds it. So far, then, our Ohristmas is more gonuine than the Ohristmas of the yule log, and snow, and sleet. But though the braye sun swelters upon earth, and envy of the fate of Sir John Franklin would not ho a thought unlikely to suggest itself, we hold by many of tho old customs of Christmas at home. We hold to tho social gatherings, the hearty faro, the merry danoo, the',honest good fellowship, which accompany Christmas timo in the good old land. We hold to the Pantomimo, the Wassail cup, tho plum pudding, tho snapdragon, tho laughter, love, and heartiness of the Father Christmas of our youth. Albeit the sun scorohes us, and we wear the cool linen jacket, in place of tho warm overcoat ; though no roaring fire is tolerated, and our open windows court the breeze, yet do we stand by as many of the orthodox customs of Christmas as aro possible in our new cir cumstances in this new "world. There are few, we fancy, who at this good Christ mas time think back of Christmas days long since gone by. Who now knows aught of manchet, and baatel broad, and peacock-pie of the banquetting oi old days ? Where are the holy monks, with theil saokB and wallots, gathering largesses P Where nov the masques and plays-the Lords of Misrule, thi CHRISTMAS CHEER.-NO. 1, ROAST 11EEF. i Abbot of Unreason, the Boy Bishop, tho Master of Merry Disports ? What has bccomo of Palaphilos, Prince of Sophie, and tho great and renowned Tho I mas, Princo of Alba Fortunata ? "Whero aro Sir INaudo Ruckabite, Sir Morgan Mumchance, Sir ; I If rancis "Flatteror ? Whero is the glory and tho dream ' of olden Christmas ? Gone from us. We hold no such riots now. Who says in exaggeration, yet still in some truth Gone are all those golden days of yore When Christmas was a high day : Its sports we now shall seo no more, 'Tis turned into Good Friday. Yet, we have not forgotten gentle Christmas, and if we hold not by tho good customs of our ancestors we keep those more proper to our ago and social cir cumstances. Christmas will never be the less, though we keep it with less pomp and magnificence. It will always be that time of which Shakespeare writes Even 'gainst that season comes. Wherewith our Saviour's birth is colebrated ; The bird of dawning singeth all night long, And thep, they say, no spirit can walk abroad ; The nights are wholesome then ; no planets strike, No fairy takes, nor witch has power to charm, So hallowed, and so precious, is the timo. It is curious that while all look forward to Christ mas time with tho liveliest anticipations of delight, thero are fow who havo ever thought it worth while to make themselves acquainted with the history of Christmas. In this country wo have no traditions. Christmas is an imported article, and to the majority is nothing more than a time for thanksgiving, feast ing, and making merry. But Christmas has a history; and one, moreover, of a very eventful kind-as, indeed, such a jolly, weather-beaten old chap might bo supposed to have. In the first place, although we mostly regard Christmas as commemorative of the groat cause and origin of Christianity, celebrations of a kindred natnre to those which are now observed at this time of the year wore practised long before the birth of Christ, and even after that timo, by Pagan nations. Tho Saturnalia of the Homans is familiar to every school boy-the libertas Dcccmbri, when all Romans went on the "spree" for a week-a custom whioh now-a days, and with certain persons, is not unobserved, though not confined to Christmas time. But they certainly went ahead during the week, which was devoted to gross licentiousness and dobasing excesses. One-tenth of every man's income was by law appropriated to this orgie ; all work, whether of mind or body, was prohibited ; nothing was read or spoken which was not of a merry and facetious kind ; the slaves wero permitted tho utmost freedom. And while all tho rest went on, the holly branches-fea ure of our Christmas-were sent round from house o house ; and without doubt it is from this saurce that we derivo old Father Christmas, purified and elevated by Christian tradition. When the Romans took tho liberty of conquering Britain, this custom of tho Saturnalia was introduced, and became intermingled with the ceremonies observed by the Druids at the end of every yoai -ceremonies strangely preserved up to a very lat« date of European history. Subsequently th< rough and barbarous yearly customs of tin Norsemen, and tho grotesque mythology of Saxoi invaders, became mixed up with those celebrations Then carno the Normans, with their masque and mummeries, mysteries and miracle plays, ant such-like pageants. It was now that Christianity I which had adopted tho old Roman holiday ns th« I period for tho celebration of tho Nativity, drove from popularity tho gross and debasing festive customs introduced and practised _ by our Pagan ancestors, and gave to us the glorious Sabbath oi the year. Tho first great Christmas, in its refined and Chris tian garb, of -which, wo road in history, was cele Í brated in the reign of Ilenry II., and liichard the Lion Heart kept it up in similar style, Froissart says : Christmas is a time full honesto King Richard it honoured with grot feste All his clerks and barouns Were set in thoir pavylouns, And served with gret plento Of meto and drinks and each dainte. It -was then that beeves were slaughtered, and wine casks broached, and the brown ale flowed with royal hospitality ; and the boar's head, the peacock ro^al, the pickled cod, the venison haunch, the pasties, and all the plenteous bounty of good eating and drinking reigned triumphant in England at the tables of the rich. How fared the poor ? Much, wo fancy, as they fare now. In the observance of modern Christmas in England, we still celebrate the Pagan practices of hanging up tho mistletoe-a custom identified in young ladies' minds with osculation, and the burning of the yule log ; though this only holds its own in some of the more Saxon counties. Of tho mistletoe we may say that it was held in great veneration by the Druids, whose priests used to gather it with a golden sickle for their religious rites. The old Norse or Scandinavian mythology has a quaint legend concerning the mistletoe. Balder, the Norse god of poetry and oloquenco and second son of Odin and Friga, was sleeping and dreaming like any ordinary mortal. This dream conveyed to him the agreeable intelli gence that he was on tho verge of death; and worse than all to a poet, that his songs and speeches would die with him. Í Jpon awaking, ho ran to his mother and narrated the substance of this fearful dream. Friga at once visited heaven and earth, and implored the powers of each hemisphere, and all existing plants and animals, to swear that they would not injure Balder-a request -with which they all complied. This done, Balder felt secure, and took part in the wars with which the stern old Scandinavians accredited their gods. There was a follow, however, named Loake, who was the sworn foe of Balder. This person wheedled Friga into tolling him of the means by which she had secured tho safety of hor son, and rendered him not only courageous, but apparently invulnerable. The good lady, in the simple confidence of her heart, informed this rascal that she had omitted one little plant, in making her solicitations to Nature that her son should receive no harm. This plant was the mistletoe ; and Mr. Loake at once procured it, and shaped an arrow from the wood. Entering an assembly of the gods, he induced Heda, a blind goddess, to shoot the weapon from her bow in the direction in which Balder stood, and Balder fell slain. Tho yulo log, another relic of Pagan days, is usually the stump of a large tree, and is thrown on the fire in the room in which the Christmas party assembles. The Druids, in whoso religious cere monies fire had a large part, used to throw the yule log upon a parapet of large stones, under : which a slow fire burned, tho burning lasting until j the beginning of the New Year. In some parts of England it is fctill the time-honoured custom to draw the yule log in. triumph from tho woods, music playing tho while; and as the mass of huming wood passes each person, ho raises his hat in its honour. In Brittany, whero many more customs of Pagan origin are preserved than in" any other part of Europe, tho yule is decorated ?with flowers, and sprinkled hy the cure with holy water. It is a general theory with the simple people who pay this homage, that tho flames from the yule log have the power of eradicating all ill-will and heartburnings, and that the liquor which bubbles in the wassail bowl, and heated by its fire, drowns in those who quaff it all feuds and animosities. "When the huge log is brought into the farm house kitchen, a song running thus, is sung by Borne one standing upon it :-> Yule, yule, yule, Pill tho bowl full : Drink to good will, Fill «ll, AU. Lot us bo friends, Christmas God sends ; Shake hands all, Brothers each call Yule, yule, yule. And BO on. After the song is finished all taking part in the chorus-it is placed upon the hearth, with many mysterious proceedings-ono of which is the drench ing of the log with ale,-and fire is set to it with a lighted remnant of the log pre served from the previous Christmas. It is regai ded as a sign of bad luck to all present if a person who squints, or is flat-footed, or is in any way deformed, enters the house during the proceedings, or while the yule log burns. Formerly in England, and Btill in Ireland, the practice of burning the yule log is accom panied hy the Christmas candió-a lumin ary of enormous size. Among the plants wh^ch in England take part in the celebration of Christmas are the holly, bay, laurel, ivy, rosemary, and in some parts the cypress. In some counties-Oxfordshire for one-it is the duty of a man servant attached to any considerable household to fetch the ivy required for the occasion. Should he neglect to do so, the female servants resort to a punishment which does credit to their ingenuity in torment. They Bteal a pair of hii breeches, and nail them to the gate of the ya d ; and by general consent the offender is forbidden the privileges of the mistletoe. Mummeries are still practiced in remote districts in England, wheie the pruning knife of modern civilization has not reached. Mummers were very import ant persons during tho Christmas festi vities in olden times, and are also of Pagan origia. Mummeries were practiced among the Romans, the Dam s, and the old Saxons. Tho mummeries celebrated in England were, however, introduced hy tho Normana, and. so far are identified with, unnstai observances of Ohristmas time. These mummel used to wear a grotesque mask over their faces, an were dressed in most fantastic garb. Thus attira thoy went from house to house, carrying flags am accompanied by musio, gambolling and jesting Stow describes a celebrated mummery whioù took place in 1377, made by the citizens of London foi the entertainment of tho young Prince Richard, BOI of the Black Prince. The maskers entered th Palace-hall at Westminster, where they feated anc performed before tho Prince and nobles. Tin special attraction of the mummers was tho perform' ance of a dramatic spectacle founded on th< legend of St. George and the Dragon. Henry the VIII among other raids against genial und innoceni customs, abolished mummeries, or rather attempted to do so ; for, as we have said, they still exiBt, specially in Brittany. The Lord of Misrule was an important functionarj at these and kindred festivities. Under his direction all the sports and entertainments were celebrated! He was a kind of stage manager, to whom, how ever, a' license was given -which does not pertain to his modern representativos. Entering upon his duties he announced to his temporary subjects that he absolved them of all tho wisdom, leaving them so much as would enable them to play tho fool. In some cases this officer was termed the "Abbot of Unreason," and again the "Master of Merry Dis ports. The digestive organs of our ancestors must havo been something marvellous. The Christmas faro of thoso days for one household would, in these degen erate times, feed a regiment. Tho boar's head-still, in some parts, tho great dish on Christmas Day-was held in the highest honour. The chief cook, heralded by the clang of trumpets, carried it on a great silver dish into the banquetting hall, a grand procession following, who saying as follows : Caput Apri def ero Reddaus laudes Domino. Tho Boar's-head in hand I, With garlands gay, and rosomary ; I pray you all sing merrily, Qui estis in convivio. Following this lordly dish, and next in importance, came the peacock pie, tho head and tail protruding from the crust. Geese, fut capons, carps tongues, venison pasties, huge joints of beef, and whole Bheep, pheasants smothered in ambergris ; and of fish-sal mon, trout, sturgeon, and plaice, together with the national [dish, frumety, all formed part of the feast ; at which mineo pies also formed a prominent item. All these, with strong ale, Malmsey wine, mead, cider, and many other liquors, made up a repast w iich the hearty stomachs and heads of tho good people of tho time could do justice to. The Reformation did much towards depriving us of these genial customs and hospitable practices : for the Roundheads and Puri tans seemed to conceive that they wore in some measure identified with tho ceremonies cf the old faith. To such a length did these bigoted persons go, that one section denounced tho celebration ,ox Christmas Day altogether-protesting that tho observance of any SDecial day other than Sunday was heretical and sinful*. These wore the Calvinists, who went so far in their contempt for the " holie days observed by the English, that their ministers fre quently compelled their wives and daughters ana servants. to spin in the open air on Christmas -Day.» whilg the farmers, and others who embraced their teaching, went about their labours as upon Cr other day. The old traditions, how .flver tell us that these good people were vary properly punished for their profane behaviour, for their oxen went mad and broke their necks, their hayricks were burned, their crops blighted, and injuries ' of all kinds fell upon them, the which, . 6avs one chronicle, " is notoriously knawin in sundrie parts of Scotland." However, the Lowland Scotch do not observe Christ mas D.ty in any marked degree even in our day but make New Year's Day their ^Although those grim gentlemen, the . Puritans, did their best to abolish old customs and practices on feast days, very many of them outlived their persecution. Of these, we have already mentioned the burning, of the yule-log, and thé hang ing up of mistletoe. There are also others, prominent among which is the practice of singing carols, and the performances of the waits. Both of these have a Chris tian origin. The carols are sung to celebrate the nativity of the Saviour; and, in ancient times, the servitors in all im portant households were specially trained in this diversion. Then there are the waits- strolling musicians, who wander ahout the streets at night, and play popular airs. Tho Waits of tho present day are dogenorato descendants of glee men, attached to tho Court in olden times, and prominent performers at all festivals and tournaments. Later they have been known as "Lord Mayor's music- men,'' whose duty it was to guard tho streets nt night and proclaim the hour. Now, how ever, they aro simply serena'!..irs of a very small kind ; generally persons who, at races and regattas and shows, are to be seen with blackened visages doing the -irrepressible negro business. Neverthe less, the timo being such when that which at other periods of the year would annoy us, is now pleasing and aceptable ; we tolerate the squeaking fiddle and cracked trombone, for the sake of old andhonoured associations. But the custom whioh, abovo all others, ' is kept up with us in Australia, and which has long been tho accompaniment of Christmas timo, is tho pantomime. Messrs. Hailequin, Clown, and Pantaloon, and Miss Columbine are as important to us here as thoy are to English folk at home ; and wo-swelter in the Ihuatres to witness their vagaries wit!) all the heart and good-' will and morry laughter that salute them in snow-clad England. And why not ? Are tho laughter of youth, tho delight of children, t he memories of us old people, less fresh and honest in Australia? Not a whit; and we can applaud the pleasant follies ot tho pantomime with as hearty a zest as ever inspired a London audience. The modern pantomime (it is old enough, ? having boon invented by Agustue, the ¿toman Emperor), was introduced into England dur ing the last century hy Manager itich, of Covent I Garden. . And now as to.the merry frames and pastimes wi'ioh. honour Christmas time. Here we have cricket and "boating, and dancing on the green, and all the many sports proper to the time of a clear sky and genial clime. But in the evening, warm though it be, we celebrate tho same jolly games that are played in England-blindman's buff (the chief element of which is tho kissing), snapdragon, ques tions and answers, the cushion dance, and so forth. Story- tolling no doubt holds its place among many an Australian household-the youngsters clustering around the narrator's knee in the cool verandah, instead of around the huge fire of English Christ mas, and listening with open mouths and wonder sparkling eyes to the stories of fairies and dragons, and Buch like impossible creatures, while the old sters sit by, and think of the time when they too found pleasure, and wonder, and speculation in these time-honoured fables. And after all, as Dick Corbett tells us, fairy tales used to have their morals, though somehow these elves have long given over their interest in human affairs. Hark to jolly Diok, as he sings of these sprites : Farawell rewards and fairies Good housewifes now may say ; For now foul slut in dairies Bon fare as well as they. And though they sweep their hearths no less Their maids were wont to do, Yet who of lato for cleanliness 1 Finds sixpenco in their shoo ? Thon there are ghost stories, proper to Ohristmas time ; and, better still, those romances which fade away from memory during the yoar, to come back enjoyable onough at Christmas ticlo. The deeds of the Oid, Robinson Crusoe, Bruce of Scotland, Richard Cour de Lion, and similar tales of heroism seem proper reading. Thon there are charades-^-a species of amusement highly popular in Australia, with danoo, and song, and joke, to fill up cornerB of the merry-making. The Christmas tree, now so frequently seen in English and American households, is scarcely accli matized boro. It has its origin in Germany, where so many genial customs prevail. Another Christmas Practice of the Vaterland is worth noting, and might be introduced hore with beneficial effects. Before going to sleep the children of the household hang up their stockings at the foot of the bod. These are to oe filled by a certain mysterious personage known as fvushkinkle, who is supposed to descend the chimney wn gifts for such children as merit them. For such aa have been naughty, a birch rod appears in we Btocking, tho said rod being the gift of St. Nicholas When the now year comes round, tho Gorman a*?*? meet tosethor to serenado their professors »na their sweethearts, and sing the Burchen song in we Btreets. Then the Prosst New Jahr is on every Person s tongue, and kindly greetings meetyou on all «m. Alas ! this New Year, this Ohristmas Day, for wermany and- France ! How will the memories of W year's festivities darken around many a house T«tt».?ad embitter tho should be hour of joy. Aears shall flow in place of laughter ; sadness reign 2? ¿st year merriment was monarch. For away tra« *í 6 8oil of bl ody battle-fields, the brave, the v honest, who were last year's heart to last yews household, lie in soldiers' graves. CIUUSTitAS CHEEK.-NO. 2, PLUM PUDDING. But enough. In giving this brief account' of tho observance of Christmas by different nations, and at different periods of history, our object is chiuily to show that all Christian men and women accopt tho I festival as ono when tho heart Bhould bo generous, I tho mind honest' and kindly. Christmas, indeed, would be a hollow mockery, were it not that it prompts the best feelings of our natura into action. Here, while we thank God -that tho glorious clime, and happier circumstances of society, render poverty less harassing on tho ono hand, and less universal on the other, we should not forget thoso who suffer from want (there are many such even here). Give of your substance to tho poor. Think, amidst your own joys, of the destitute, the sick, the widow, the orphan, and then may you weil, with i good conscience and heart, eat of tho noble sirloin ! and pudding which our friends of the illustrations j are serving up. May your faces, friends, be as happy as theirs ; may your Christmas be hearty and j merry, and may the New Year bring to you no sor-% row but much happiness ; and so "Wassail to you and yours, and all 1 all health. Drink deep of joy, and friendship. Thrive m wealth. A MEiutY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY KEW YEAH. j 