.'StiOKIG :IN, FRANCE.',-/ /; "'Tobacco, likeVeyery-'bther human iniucuDion, uas its Jotrhctors.; and a French statistician of more in- geniousqejs J hari good sense has endeayoured to prove by the help of figures (that' tho-iffefoase in the num ber>"of 'luuiitice 'in "Franco keeps' e'xabt'pabelwith . the says; " the,profit mada:by,the State upon tho sale of tobacco; wae 'thirty millibiis .of francs, and' thcro wjsre ten thousand madmen in the land ; . in 1842. the.-prov fits i had brieen to 'eighty -millions1 of francs/dndthe number, ,oj .'yrnqfr later, we find oho hundred and twenty milfishj'of ofitian'd'kirimtyWIfi'biaii:!!! , 1862 therajveyeno Ipss.thanfprty-foUr thousand mad- meb, to set off against a profit of one hundred 'aiid eighty "millions bf:ffanca. . '. '/. !'. /,. ' .' .,. , ,-A few -words will-refute this-mode of drawing con j elusions.- FromAhe'for'ty-four thousand insane must jbe deduqted the ,yrqmen, who form forty-se_yen 'pqr.' , centfalmbst half) of the total; moreover, within the j last thirty years the hideous plague of drunkenness, from which the Fronch hadformorly boen almost ex- i empt/has made rapid strides in France. The exoit-' labia peoVle:bfIhb/;South,diying in an .arden t olimato, '.quite unfit for' the dbasp of epirituouj liquors; /hare of late years discarded the "light ted wines of Bor jdoauxand Burgundy, .and taken to brandy, gin, beer, land, worst of 'all, Jo absinthe.;, Hero lies the real Be -cret of the rise in tlie number of madmen. Four- (fifths of thejlpnatics of (Franco are natives of Gaa- cony, Languedoo,, Aurergne, the Dauphine, and jGalonno ,; iof tho rest, thoso whoso liinaoy is not con- - genital hare almost all gone -mad under the distraot 1 Ing effects of tlio whirlwind life of gambling, drink ing, and 'pb'orvating dobauohory, of whioh'Faris has become ihb'h'otbod/ , »,, i: i .It is. useless to'dweU.URoqJbb other .argument, of hnji:tphacoppist9, that .there/is enough iniootino ,in,| every pure oigar to kill a man outright; ' .'Bybthp: same process of reaeoning we might say that in. half k pound of almonde there is sufficient -prussib' acid to destroy'a trobp of soldiers ; and that with the saffron that could be bxtractod from six bath buna / a wliolo nursery-full ofehildren might be sent to their/ graves. It is one thing to swallow the distilled quiiitessenoe pf a Bubstqnoq containing a, email quan tity iof poispn ; and itlis ,anotlier to.take : that poispn mixed up .with cerjain '.mattcr3 which counteract its effeots anil ab sorb. its noxious -properties. TJie -moderate uso of good tobacco .involves no danger.. On thp contrary, in cases of horvo'u's excitement, it' Is excellent as a "se dative ; it is excellent, also, ns a remedy for sleepless ness ; and its soothing qualities' render it an invalu able solace for mon who, like authors and painters, livo in a state of constant montal excitement. . | The Sultan, Amuratb tho Fourth, who condemuo snuff-takers to death ; the Shah of Persia, Abbas, jvho cut .off' their noses ; Innocent tho Eighth, who doomed them to hellfiro; and James tho First, who wroto an absurd book against them1; wero ail equally in the wrong. Tho remarks that apply, to, smokers apply to - thoso who take snuff. Our grandfathers took snuff , every day of thoir lives from twenty to ninety, without boing the worse, forit. All tho groat jnen of the last century indulged in this harmless — though, it must he owned, dirty— habit. Napoleon fclio First, not to hays the trouble of opening a snuff' box every five minutes, used, when out campaigning, to keep both.waistooat pockets continually filled with a pet mixture pf his own. , To those who still main tain/ in the face , of suoh facts, that tqbapoo is hurtful, wo have otily to answer/ ns Yoltnive nnswerod, when aftor taking coffee all his .life, be was told at seventy that the beverage was a poison : " Perhaps," ho said ; " but imtbat case a Tory Blow one." But the sine pKanoncondition in the uso of tobacco is that tbo tabacoo must be good; bore wp comb back to tho point whoncoiwo started— tho immenao benoflt tho .Fronoh; enjoy , jn smoking no. worse.' tobnoco than such as it prepared in the Government manii . faotorles undor special supervision, and is .offered for sole with tho State .mark. ! It was in the year 1811,. under the reign of Napo- loon, that tho French Government first took the monopoly of tobacco. 'Previous to that date, tho Frenoh smokers possessing but moderate means had. fared as 111 aB those of England and the United States do to this day. But one night, at a ball at tho Tnilbrioe,, thp Emporor noticed a lady who - was covered :witU diamonds. Ho oskod his ohamberiain who sho was. On boing told that her husband was n tobnoco morohaut who, had made a oolossal fbrturio within a fow years, lie at' onco suspectod that a for tune built up ao rapidly could liavo no vory hoaost foundation. Ten months oftorwards ho signed, in .his usual arbitrary way, a decree ' whioh scoured to tho State tho oxolusivo right of fabricating and selling tobacco.' , Tho proaont monopoly does not expire un til tho 1st of January, 1873, before whioh timo, how-' ovo'r, it will doubtless bo ronewod. From 'the lat of July, 1811, to tho 31st of Doeombor, 1867, tho gross receipts of the "Regie," or Government Tobaooo Estabiishmont, wero nearly two hundred and. fifty six million pounds English ;' the expenses were about, eighty million ; tho net p'rofitb aboiit/ one huudrod : and eighty million,; ' ; Tho Government has overy. intorost to soo that; what it aolls should be of good quality, in order, firstly, that the . demand for t)io thing sold should be 'general ; pnd, secondly, that there , should: ariso no uspioion of adulteration in tho publio mind. To this ; end, tho supervision exorcised' over tho tobacco manufacture is exceedingly strict:1 A direbtbr-gono- ral, rosponsiblb to' tlie minister of finanqo, 'is placed at tho head of the administrbiion, and ,iili tho inferior posts of Superihtondonco nro flllod by. officers solootod from tho Ecolo (Poly toohnique : whioh means, that thoy are men of honour and unquestionable cqpa- city. ' 1 The humbor of the imperial manufactories is soven- teon. Five hundred and twonty»four offlobrs aro entrusted with tho management of the plantations, and the survbillanoo of tho tnaniifaotoribs.' Thoro nro thlrty- ono 'atbrohousos j throb hundrod and fifty- eoven wholesnlb warbhpiieos ; and thirty-eight thou sand eight' hundred ,'.iind'' thirty-pup roiail establish ments. The tobacconist in Franco Is an official. The post is: in the direct gift of the Government, and is tenable only diiring good!bohaviour. ' Ho or sho (for a groat many of tlio holders are women) generally Owes the appointment to the rebdmmondation of tho receiver.- gendral of tho district;: the applicant is obliged to 'go through the . form of drawing lip a petition, which 1a Bubmilted to tlio miniator of finance,, and - signed by ihim' .on: ratification.. It is noedless to say that the number of candidates to fill each vacant plaoe is vory large. -Owing to tho' limited number of tobacconists' shops, tho .business is very lucrative. The noli profits of .sonrib'of the shops on tlio boulevards, 'range jrom twohly-fiTq thousands francs (fiyp thousand pounds) 'a-yearji'but' in the enso of these well- situated estq- blishmenta, it is not unusual for tbo business to be lot, and sub-let half a dozen times, the titular ownor being often a person of high position : the widow of a gonerol officer, who has died poor : or often an old .retired offioor himself, n lio has reodbred secret sera vices, and must bo recompensed otherwise than 'bv prbmotipri or the Legion of Honour. . / , . , Every yfar introduces somo now improvement into , the . system of preparation, ; ; Spipo ecoros of scientifio . men aro continually, employed— they 1 are "paid to -do it and lo do. nothing olee.— in studying new methods of 'ameliorating tho epltaro of tobacoo, im proving, the:.. flavour, of .the; leqv.es,. and. i so blending thedifforent vafiefioe as , to form-'fiuer, and . more wholesome cigars. ' But, it is in the making of snuff that the Frepeh.have att.aiped rare.perfeqtion; ;:Tbo time required to turn q leqf. of. tobacoo intoisnuff,' ae- cprding;tp the-metjipd of the ('.Regie/i'nis four .yo'ars and " t'wo months— a fact which speaks volumes for the oaro and-pnina bestowed "upon. the fabriea- tion.,FJ>."j!T (. 1 ti tilvUi The " Regie '.'ells.tbrpe kinde> of tobapco for pipe- smokors. . -The beat', goos . by, the name .of " Mary land. V'. five ''ahillinga a fihd%iliah:ab'ny/!' The Bbeond quality: has1 6ee&'Kg«dapb(qlt".' is that most used,' and1 :oosU'/|ou'r' sbiljin'gb the' ppupd. Tiie third ;qual(ty,, i3 , prepared fpr . tho iuao. rbf soldiers aololy; ; i I. coate ,butn elf the 'pricb.of Uqporal ; but it'eahjinly' bbobtqinyd,oh'"prOseutqtiph of a epeeiea of .government vpuehe/to pne of; whieh'tlie soldier ib entitled :ievery ''ton 'days-' Tobn'ccbnists', are for bidden :un'der hnnai.''wil'jaiiobacw to civilians.' ; ' ' 'The ""'Regie"1 manufqeturca fii' or, e; yen hinds of cigars. The beatepslfrpm fifty peAtiniejtoafranobaeh/ The/largb majoritv of Frenchmoh Ttiipw. jiut five kinds 1:oT teigars'i1 : the; Lb'ndres, .Tmhuops, Mil- lares/Decimos, 'd'n'd"1 Sdht'ellas. 1 '"Of these .'five,kihde, the Londrps is .best ,- it cost? twehtyafivp. centimes (twopehcahalfpehby), a'nd, jf0arofn|(y. selected/, is f uliy equal ' to' the Regqlias whibli cost , sixpence iq London ,;'LTh'b Trqbucpse6st .twe,nty , centimes/ tho MillorOB fifteen'pbhtijhes,:.thq Pe'ciipps ten centimes. They are"rhbhe of them bad, 'ahd 'qye/'air'far superior, to any thing, '|hat|'paa , bo.V had ' elseqliere/ for ,tie Fire put out by the Extincteur. On Friday evening an alarming fire took place on the premises of Mr. William Pritchard, at the western end of King-street, consisting of dwelling house, flour mills, and bakery. The origin of the fire was the lighted gas in one of the bed-rooms coming in contact with the bed curtains, which in an instant blazed up, and set fire to the inflammable contents of the room. Mr. Pritchard having a patent port- able extincteur (No. 6) on the premises, succeeded in completely subduing the flames in a few minutes by the discharge of carbonic acid gas. Mr. Charles Brown, with a number of firemen and an engine, arrived in a very short time at the scene of the acci dent, but throught the prompt use of the extincteur by Mr. Pritchard, the fire was by that time cm pletely extinguished. The damage to furniture, &c.;, was not more than to the value of some 20. Empire Tempehance.— J.t would bp1 euoh, , qu.,.jmmense step in social'fefihement'if Our young men' wore to ; bid a determined adieu to tiiOhabit of intemperance, at present' the ruin of- so- many of -them/' thatth'e" : moralist is always tempted to- recur to, the subject. (There is always hopa/'becaiise it' da irupoaaibie that iyout.h)Cap',bq-jvbollyAepfaved.! : It; is iharddto'-be iliev.e.tbqt jio cheek; is to'he met with iin the rbad 'toi : rujn which- the demon .'of alcohol opens aor pleasantly. 'What is.the: chief allurement!rhe offors?(- iNot, cbr- itainly, the mere sensual gratification, for the quality , jo.Lmaoh of the.liquors Consumed i is not- excblieht.' jit seems.ratheffto'he.rthe concomitants of; the: :'oup, the s.bciety,-.thie chat, the. "distraction, such, 'for -iu- jstanco, as the excitement ofri the! biUiardrootn'J1 iThese. qrelthe'UUle fbxeB' wliioh steal the grapes, and press them into the eiip, , Yet J;he very same yoiit'bs jwho will calHor/glasa after glass in thehilliardroom, ;or elsewhere, would itqrn with- Joqthing from the plqmoup and. smoke-.darteneA/ofgies ,p.£/,the :!ohea|i beer Bhop." ' er,JqCtji,e/.9jpei' ifft-r.rpm j/hj, other, .except in the'iuebriates of the former being better hrdught-up, -and-thereforelessexcusable, -and - so in reality, more , guilty ; of .social crime .thah the latter Y' Tt may be assumed .that .it is beating the air to inveigh against drunkenness, or. to quote the ,weli known . argumunt8 .dgaiust .--it- -which may be jlrawn both from physiology and from morals;:; '/The point is to suggest some .p.pjitrary at',raotiqn.- Not long ago. we'hinted that temperance 'and 'deeenoy in drinking might very well he.insorjbed.ns new clauses in the.codef hpnqijr,;jijid:ihat .iy 'lqy fvjith, t.he young mehAbemseive's'to 'do tlidt.' . It migli.t-'be voted -f caddieh " ill a gentlema'n -to' be seen hour qfter hour hanging over : a "hari 'Perhaps/ "aifithpr suggestion may 'be 'made/ 'namely,' 1 ; that1 'the'/ money saved from' drinking ' might be 'devdtqd" to" charity. Say that a man began 'by 'fining . 'himself vpluntarily two " noblora " and a oigaf aVday. I At the end cif'a month he would haye a nice little donation for.home poor suffering brother or ' sieter/1 or :bp might [reli giously determine to 'lay ,it'; by! "until', he found " a worthy 1 purpose - to; 1 which to ''dovote' 'it/' '/And a number of friends 'might' Club "..together/ ,'alwajrs under the code of h'ohoqf,' for sppbi .an end, ./The money should not be saved lor ' any mere selfishYpr private purposes; but'given away in heqlthy charity. We imagine ith'at; by tbocloso 'cf ' thq year, inijch good would be done on all siaee.— Toiegra'ph;' ' : .' Remember, .Mrp B./.aqiiBohus. in uflustar. one day, < that you aro the.woakor veaael.' ' May be so,' said the lady ; ' but I'll tako.caro you shan't forget that the weaker -vessel may have tho .stronger.spirit in it.' , , . . . , 1 Love of Praise.-r-An Irish orator; spooking of an opponent's love of praise, described 'him as, so ,vain iu that respect ' that ho woiild bo oontent'to givo up the ghost if it were but. possible.to-lookop and read the stone-cutter's puff on his grave.' . :- ; y.iir: 1 .::.'.i'l 