^^pS^ff |$ri$^;$^fjyrf. '. -B8BEB!E ASETOlFjS '^EDlDJ2r£.;; i-:-r«...-i-.: .. ° ?:^DA'E.i-.iV«V;:--.:.:,'-.-V: 1 %'.'. [By Johncy I.udlow, M jjhe\£»#o$y.] ? \\-^ TEheliall clock was atrilong iiaif-past 5 . save vent oat Into - the sharp night air ; , Mr. arid MtsirafedheUey, I, and Tod. Old :CpneyVi dinner ~;was , :i ox -6 ; but country |-epjple djwii't -khow anything about the JBBhion of ^dashing in at the last strode. . It wsb coldy and no mistake ; ' tne snow Jay on the ground *, the stars {TBtigaa MkeMter. iTHis was ;3STew Year's '; J3ay.? '-'anlA' tp-rinorzOTf, the second of January, Jane Coney would be married ;-bo itobert Ashton, of Timberdale. The 'A'shtons were to dine to-night at the i^Earm,' aiid we had been asked to meet , them. If eyerybpdy, sat down upon his ?own level, we should shoot up some de ' grees over the Coney's heads in the scale £*»|:tiie globes ladder ; for oldOoney was '«inlv i plain farmer; and you've learnt 3-y JhiB time what the Squire was. Bat -Miey were right down .good people, and made the best neighbors in the world. . . ~W« had but to cross the road ? aha old 'Ctoney nadltad it swept ;fpr us. ~It was ' an -old-fashioned farmhouse, ,. full * of nooks and angles, ;with one. ugly, big room in it, oak-panelled. The cloth was /.laid there for .iw-nagfct, - the breakfast would W for the morrow,^ Old.XJpney varid Mrs. Coney came out of the cLrarang -3-oom to. meet soa^ that was Rmall and 'snug, with a running pattern of roses on (. its white-watered walls; He was jolly ; V»he, plain, homely, and sensible. ! ' », ; Jane was quiet. like.Ber nibjflierj very ' ..well she. looked, standing on the carpet ? in 'her .pretty blue silk, dress. Torn, a 'tall, strong young fejlow/with a red face,' 'lifted her out of the wayrby the waist, that he ought shake 'hands all round.; The eldest daugher, Mary West, was staying there with her .nurse and baby ; she: looked -ill, and got^ up only for a , minute irpm her chair by-lhe Ore: ' Her j husband was a lawyer, in practice at \ Worcester. -Another ? yoking. 3 lady ? was 1 sitting 'by, with, light frizzed, hair z Mrs. ?James Ashton. - '_, Before we had settled down, wheels .were heard. It was Robert Ashton's -dog- cturt, bringing his two brothers, ?-Charles and James ; and Mary West's ? ^husband. Miss Jane's cheeks turned as 'xed as a rose' for nothing; Bobert Ash ton had not come yetr ' I had better say who the Ashtons were; Old Ashton (the father) had lived at ' Tunberdale Court always. It was one '. of the best farms in all Worcestershire. Old Ashton lived in good style, educated . his children, , and: started them well in life. Lucy, the eldest, married a Cap-, -tain Bird/ who turned out to be a fright ful scamp. Brbbert remained on the .'.farm, with his father ; Charles was a . clergyman ; James a doctor. ^Everybody respected old Ashton. It was about . three years now since he died, and he ? left a good pot of money behind him. ^ Sobert succeeded to the farm, and it was ; lie who was marry Jane Coney to ^r ?! morrow. ' They went up stairs with their carpet ; bags, having come direct .from Worcester by train, Robert Aehton's dog-cart had been waiting, as arranged, at Timberdale . Station to bring them on. Mrs. James ?' Ashton came -over earlier in^'the day with Mrs. West. Robert and Charles Ashton ? were both fine young men,; but the doctor was slight and short.' Now I hope ail that's clear ; because it was needful to say it. What with looking at the presents, the time passed. They were' laid but pii a table against the wall, on a snow-white . ?damask cloth of rare beauty. \- ?' Look here,' whispered' Mrs. Coney, taking up a scented blue and white case . of satin ribbon and beads for keeping pocket handkerchiefs ' in. ' Poor Lucy Bird sent this. She must have made it '- herself ; a thing like this, bought, would ' .be as much as 15 or 16 shillings. It came 'almost anonymously : — * With, best \- love and ever kind wishes for Robert i land Jane/ written on it; but we knew *'? Lucy's handwriting/' ..-???« . . = ; : .« Where are they now ? v asked Mrs. ' Todhetley, in the same mysterious . ; .'I fancy they are staying somewhere r in Worcester. We should hav^e liked to get Lucy over for the wedding ; but — ! you know how it is ; we could not ask lim.' Mrs. Todhetley nodded. There's some ? : thorn in most families, and Lucy was the one in ifaaiioi Ashton. She was educated sBfc iihe best school in Worcester, and * -eame home at 18 brim-full of romance.' * It.wa« ier nature, not the school. You'd JharSiy have found so pretty and senti -?- nnental a girl in the county. . Because her name happened to be Lucy Ashton, she identified herself -with Scott's Lucy Ash ton, and looked out for; a Master of ~Bavenswopd. These sentimental girls sometimes come to grief ; f or jbhey possess but -three parts of their share of plain common sense. The Master of Ravens wood came in the shape of Captain Bird, a tall, dark man, with a flaming coat and . fierce moustache. He paid court to Lucy; : and she fell in love with him before a \ week- was over. The Ashtons turned i their. backs upon him; there was some *' thing in the man they -did not like, in rspite of. the red coat and the black mous tache. But he eame over Lucy— he had lieard of her fortune, you see-^and she promised to marry him. She was a gentle, yielding, timid girl then; but her love was strong, and she ran away. She ran away; and was married the same morn ing at St. Helen's Church, in Worcester, in which parish Bird had been staying. It was the talk of the county ; but when the clatter had subsided, everybody began to pity Lucy, saying she would, have ? plenty of lime and cause for repentance. After all, he was not a real captain. He ; had sold put; and thererose a rumor that he had done something or other wrong, and was obliged to sell. Old Ashton had . loved ? Lucy better than all his children. \- He fcrgavethe marriage for Lucy's sake, and had them home on a visit, and pre sented her with a handsome sum. But ' h.e made a great mistake— fve heard the Squire say it of ten— in not settling it upon her. Bird got out of it as soon as V he could; and he would have got .put of '? Some more that' came to Lucy when her J^t her died, only that it was left in Robert Ashton's handsrto berpaidto.her quar-i terlyt 'People k5alled-3ird a blackleg. He was about, the worst man that ever stepped. Robert had offered Lucy a home at Timberdale Court ;:hut she would not quit her husband ; she had married him, she said, for better or for worse. If he came to be transported— -and he was going on for it — the chances .were that, Lucy would follow, him to Van Piemen's Land. 'I say, there's 6 o'clock,' exclaimed Mr. Coney. ' Jane, what bave you done with Robert?!' 'Not ^anything, papa. He said lie should be here, half -an-hour before din ner.' : ,; '' And it will^oon Tie lialf-an-hour after itj' returned, old Coney, 'ilf he does not make' haste, we shall sit down .with out him.'* ~. 7 . . ' ????..?=., : ,The clocl^; on the . .mantelpiece went ticldng o^ and struck halfrpast;is: Pui^ rier. The Squire led off the van with Mrs. Coney. Tod laid hold of Jane/ 'I'll be in Robert's place while I can, Jerniy.''' ?-—?-- ??; ' -. ??'?' ? ? =-?--: .. The oak-room was a surprise. It looked beautiful. The dark walls were quite covered With holly aud ivy, mixed with the blossoms of the laurestinas and some bright flowers. Old Thomas {bor-; rowed from us) and the maids stood by the sideboard ; it glittered with silver. The Coneys had their stores as' well as other people, and did things well when they did^bhem at all. On the table was a large codfish, garnished with horseradish and lemon. Our names, were before bur places, and we took them without bustle, Robert Ashton's next to Jane, being left TacMt. . '?? . '?' ' ; ?-, -'???? ??'?-? - :' ' ? ' For what-— ' , : : A faint shriek interrupted the. Rev. Mr. Ashton, and the grace was broken off. Lifting Ms head towards the quarter whence the shriek came, ne saw his sister in-law with a scared face. \- 'WeareUiirteen i' said Mrs. James Ashton. 'I beg your pardon, Charles — I beg every one's .pardon— but indeed we must not sit down thirteen to dinner on JSew Tear's Day, 1 would not ^or any money i ' ?'..??. tf What nonsense, my dear,' cried her husband, rather crossly., 'Robert will be here directly.' ? It was of bo use. All the ladies took her part, saying they ought not to sit down. And there we all stood, uncertain what to be at, the dinner hovering in mid air like Mahomet's coffin, and not to be eaten. . ' There are two days in the year when it is not well to sit down thirteen ; New Year's Pay and Christmas Day,' isaid Mrs. Todhetley ; and. the rest held with her. ' Are we all to go back to the drawing room, and leave our dinner?' demanded bid Coneyj in wrath. ' Where the plague is Robert? Look here; those that won't sit down thirteen can go, and those that don't mind it can stop.' , ' Hear, hear !' cried the Squire. But Jane Coney went gliding to her mother's side. '*' I will wait for Robert in the drawing-room, mamma, and you can sit down twelve. Yes, please ; it. is best so. Indeed I could not eat if I stayed.' 'Shall we send you some dinner in, child ?' asked Mr. Coney. ' No, thank you, papa. I would like best to take it with Robert when he comes.' 'All right,' said old Coney. *' Johnny, «.you go over to that side, to make the table even. We'll have the grace now, parson.' And the parson said it. : It was a dinner that pleased the Squire's heart. He had a mortal objec tion to what he called kickshaws,, mean ing the superfluous dishes you get at a modern entertainment. The Coneys never had 'kickshaws, only a plain, sub-' stantial dinner, the best of its kind. * 'Coney, I never taste such oyster-sauce as yours, go where I will,' cried the Squire. ' 'It can't be matched.' ' Old Coney winked ; as much as to say he knew it. .'The missis gives an eye to that, you see, Squire,' he answered, in a side whisper. 'She had been in the kitchen till you came.' The Squire took another ladle-fulL He went once or twice to every dish, and drank champagne with all of us. But still Robert Ashton did not come. I slipped round to Mrs. Coney when the plum-pudding appeared, whispering' that I would take a slice to Jane. 'So you shall, Johnny,' she said, giving me some on a plate, and putting a mince-pie beside it. ' She'll have no luck unless she eats a bit of pudding and pie on the first day of the year.' Jane sat in an elbow-chair before the fire, her head leaning sideways on her hand, her hair a little tumbled. It was very nice hair, dark chesnut, and her; eyes were hazeL Robert Ashton was fair-haired and blue-eyed; Saxon all over, and very good-looking. 'I have brought jou.some pudding, Jane.' 'Oh, Johnny, why did you leave the; table? I can?t eat it/' 'But Mrs. . Coney says you are to-;5 and some mince-pie, too, or else youll. have no luck.' . ' ' \ As it in obedience sne ate a small bit of the pudding, cut a quarter out. of the mince-pie with her fork, and ate that. ' There, Johnny, that's enough for 'luck.' You go back now to your dinner, I daresay youVe not had any pudding.' 'Til stay with you, and eat this, as it is going begging.' -She neither said yes nor no. ' She was looking frightfully uneasy. - 'Are you vexed that Robert Ashton's not here, Jane ?' ' I am not vexed ; because I know he would have been here if he could. I think something has happened to Mm.' I stared at her. ' What ! because he is a little late in coming 1 Why, Jane, you must be nervous.' She kept looking into the fire, her eyes fixed. I sat on the other side the hearth; the «mpty pudding-plate witfi its fork standing on the rug between us, where I had put it. f Robert was' sure to come for this dinner, Johnny, all being well, and to be in time.' . «« Tell me what you fear, Jane— and why.' ?'??:- 'I think I will tell you,' she said; after a pause. .;' I should like to tell some '/one.. I wish: I had told Robert: when he caUed this morning ; but I was afraid he would laugh at me. You will iaugh,too.v . ; ;; ' And JaneCpiiey told it. In, a low,; dread voice, ^er eyes staring into the fire as before, just as though they could see through the blaze into the future. \ Early that morning 'she had had a. dream ; a nasty, disagreeable, ugly dream about Robert Ashton. She thought .he was in some frightful peril, that she cried; out to him to avoid it, jor it would stop their, marriage. He seemed not to take the least notice of her, but to go right on to it ; and in the alarm this brought her, she awoke. I listened in silence, .saying nothing, to t_ the end; no, nor then. :.= ' 'The: dream was so intensely real, Johnny, It seemed to be to-day ; this very day then dawning ; and we both of Us knew that it was ; the one before ovir! marriage. , T woke up in a fever ; and; but th^t it was night and not day,; should have .had a difficulty to persuade myself at first that we were not really enacting the scene — it was, as I say, so vividly 'real. And. Robert went out to; the perils never heeding me.' '??'.': **Wiw* was the peril?' ? .^*Tl|at% what I can't tell. A con sciousness lay upon me that it was some-: thmg? 'Y%;;la4' attdiEr^htf ul ; but of its; -nature $. saw nothing. ' X -did not go! to sleep iE^ain; it must have been .about j6 o'clock, but the mornings are very dark/ you know. I -got up soon ; what with; -this -dinner-party and other things, there lias been a great deal to do to-day, and I soon 'forgot the dream. Robert called after breakfast^ and the sight of him put tion to tell him to take especial care of himself ; but he would only have laughed Tat me. He drove away direct tp -the Timberdale station, to take the train for Worcester.' . She did not say what he had gone there for, though. To get the ring and licence. _ i *'I have not felt the smallest fear of the dream all along, Johnny, since I awoke. Save for the few minutes .Robert was here,- 1 don't remember even to have thought of it. But^ when .the others Ms brothers and Mr. West— came in with out him, . it flashed over me like a thunder bolt. I felt sure then that something had happened. I- daresay we 'shall never be -married now.' ? : 'Jane!' .' Well, Johnny Ludlow, I think it.' To me it seemed to be getting serious. There might be nothing at all in what she said ; most people would have said there was nothing ; but, sitting there in the §uiet room listening to her earnest voice, seeing Jier anxious face, - a feeling came over trie that fliere was. What had be come ot Robert Ashton? Where could iebe? ; *'. I wish you'd give, me tnat shawl of mamma's/' she said, pointing to one on a chair. ^ I feel cold.' .. She was shivering when I put it over her : pretty ^^ white shoulders and arms. And yet the fire was roaring to the very top of the grate. ; -* Alone here, while you were all at dinner, I went over all kinds of proba bilities,' she resumed, drawingthe shawl round her. as if she Were out in.the.snow. ** Of course there axe five hundred things that might happen to him, but I can only think ol one.' : « Well? '—for she stopped. She seemed to be speaking very unwuUingly. 'If he walked he would be almost sure to come the near way, across the Ravine.-' ' Was she ever coming to the point ? I said nothing. It was better to let her go on in her own way. -? ** I dare say you .will ? say the idea is very fax-fetched, Johnny. What I think is, that he may have fallen, down the Ravine.' Well, £ did think it far-fetched. I'd as soon have expected her to say fallen down the chimney. ' Those zig-zag paths .are not very safe in good weather, especially the one on the .Timberdale side,' she went on. ' With the snow on them, perhaps ice, they are positiyeiydangerous, : One false^tep at the top— and the fall might kill him.' :5ut .: in ibis way, ; it. seemed feasible enough. : But yet-^somehow I did not take to it. A- Robert Ashton is strong and agile, Jane.. He hp come down the zig-zag hundreds of times.' ? ' Iseem to see him lying there, at the bottom of the Ravine,', she said, staring as before into the fire. ' 1— wish — some of you would go and look for him.' 'Perhaps we had better. I'll make one. Who's this 1' It was Tom Coney. His mother had sent him to see after me. I thought I'd tell him— keeping counsel about the dream — that -Robert Ashton might have come to srief in the Ravine. - ' What kind of grief 1' asked Tom. .'Turned a summerset down the zig zag, and be lying with a leg broken.' Tom showed all his white teeth ;- the notion amused him excessively. - '?' What else would you like to suppose, Johnny Y' ...' At any rate, Jane thinks so.' ; ] She turned round then, the tears in her eyes, and went up to Tom in s. burst of grief. It took him aback. ' Tom ! Tom ! if no one goes to see after him, I think I must go myself. I can't bear the suspense much longer -' ' Why, Jenny girl, what has taken you?' That had taken her. The fear that Robert Ashton might be lying . disabled or dead, in the Ravine. Tom Coney called Tod quietly out of the dining room, and we three started. Putting on bur coats in silence, we went out at the back door, which was nearest the Ravine. Jane came with us to the gate. I never saw such eager eyes as hers were, when she threw them out across the snow in the moonlight. : ' Look here,' said Tom; 'we had better tuck our trousers up.' It was not pleasant, lean assure you, especially the going down the zig-zag. Jane waa^rigEt^Sbout'its being slippery ; we had to hold on by the trees and bushes, and tread cautiously. .When pretty near the bottom, Tod made a false step, and shot down into the snow. ' w Murder! 'h& roared out. i( A ny bbhes broke V asked Tom Coney, who could hardly, speak, for laughing* ,Tpd growled, and shied a hkndful of snow at him. ? .:'.'. ?'?.,'' But the slip brought home to us the probability of the fear about Robert Ashton. To slip from where Tod did, was fun ; to slip fronvthe top of the zig zag quite another-thingV The snow here at the bottom was up to our calves, and the black trousers got willpd up higher. The moonlight lay cohj and . white; on the Ravine; the clustering trees, thick in summer, were leafless now. Had any fellow been gazing down i^rom the top, we must have locked, to him, like' three black-coated undertakers, gliding along to a funeral. : '? ?*« I'll teU you what;', cried Tod, ' If Ashton did. lose his footing, he'd not come to such mortal grief. ^TKe depth of show would save him.' ' .-: Vt ,?? -, ? '. . : ? -.? ?-'.*? I don't believe he did if-all,'? said \ Tom Coney, stoutly^ ; '*' Bob A^hton^s \ as sure-footed gs.a hire.' But;for Jane being so , miserable, I'd: have said, ./flat, I'd not come- out' on any-gucb. wild-goose errand.' '? ? ? On we went, wading through the sea of snow.: Some of us' looked round for: the ghost's light, ; and did not see.it.' But rumor said that it jiever came on a bright moonlit night; i Here we werfe; at last ! — at the f opt- b^ |the bther zig-; zag. But Robert AshtBn, wasn't here. And the :best proof ^ha^ he Md-i6i fallen: was, theiinbroken surface of the,. snow. ; Not so much as. a-jabblt had scudded . ? across to disturb its smobtimess. -elknewit,'saidTomC6nejr. 'He has not come to grief at all. It stands to reason that a fellow anuaf 3iaye heaps to do the day before his wedding, if it's only in burning Ms old lpve-letifers. Bob had aheap of them, :nb doubt jfiand couldn't get away in .time for dipfier,'4' *'Wehad better go 'pn'tp; Mst house,; and see,' I said;. : . : t ' ' Oh, that be hanged/' cried- the other two in a breath;8'; ' J 'Well, I shall. It's not much farther. You can go back, or not, as you like.'? ' This zig-zag, . though: steeper than the one' bn our side, was not so slippery. Perhaps the sun had shone on it in the day and melted the .Wnpw;. 1 went up it, nearly as easy as in^ good weather. Tod and Coney, thinking better of the 'turning! back, came after me. ' We should have been ^at Timberdale Court in five; minutes, taking the short cut over hedges- and. ditches., -but for: an adventure by the way, whl$h the magazine would not give me space |to tell of. It ?had nothing to -do with Robert Ashton. Getting to the Court we, hammered at it hotly till., the , door was Jppened. The servant started back : in surprise, . . ' (roodness me, said sne, ' l tnougnt it was master^' =r '? ? 'Where is the master 1' asked Tom. 'Not come home^ sir. He has not been in since he left this morning.' . It was all out. Instead of pitchpolling into Crabb Ravine and breaking his limbs, Bob Ashton had not got back from Wor cester. It ? was: '; veiy;; .sbrarige, ' though, what could be keeping Mm, and- ihe^house was nearly in a commotion. . ' When we got to the farm they were laying the table for the wedding break fast. Plenty of kickshaws- nbw, aiid some lovely flowers. The ladies helping had their gown-skirts turned. /lip. This, help ing had not been in the^evening's pro gramme ; but things seemed1 tp have been turned upside down, and Ahey were glad to seize upon it. . Jane and' her sister sat alone' by the drawing-room fire, never saying a word to one another. ' ' Johnny, I dpn't half Jike this,' whispered Mrs. Todhetley to me. *c Like what, good mother 2' ' This absence of Robert Ashton.' I don't know that I liked it either. . [To be concluded inowr nexbj] 