mt Steamer swooning Pteraiau WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1870. IN the Legislative Assembly, -yesterday, Mr Goiviru, in answer to a question, said that the Police Magistrate of Sofala had been directed to attend to the bench duties at Tambaroora The Beat of Mr Robertson was declared to be vacant by resignation Mr, Jennings took the oath and his seat for the Murray On the motion of Mr I 01 s/i KR the order of the day for considering the Cemeteries Bill in committee was ordered to be restored to the paper Mr Cow i ch brought up a report from the Standing Orders Committee, enclosing draft standing orders The petitions from the Rocky River from the Committee of the Anglican Synod, and from George S "Yarnton were ordered to be printed Petitions were presented, by Mr PARKES, from the trustees of the Goulburn school by Mr BAI ER from a miner named Cook, on the subject of a water race, and by Mr FRASER, from the late Clerk of Petty Sessions at Wollongong, complaining of loss of office Mr tsr-ALF moved a resolution directing the Government to resume control of the water supply, and take measures for carrying into effect therefore needs tions of the Water Commission After detailing the inconveniences to which the city had been put up more than one occasion, and the many narrow escapes they had had he pointed out how very essential it was that something should be immediately done As a first step they must take the whole matter out of the hands of the Corporation, who had shown themselves either unwilling or incompetent to deal with the matter Glancing at l e report of the Commissioners, he paid the Commissioners a high compliment for the year with which they had carried out the work entrusted to them, and the intelligent care with which they had collected their facts and the intellect with which they had drawn their inferences from them for the guidance of the Government He believed that all advantages of the scheme proposed by the Commission might he acquired without the outlay of a single shilling from the general revenue Every farthing that would be required for interest on the outlay would be repaid by the consumers of the water, and to such an extent as to leave a balance of profits Mr. CowPER moved the adjournment of the debate for a fortnight, and Sir JAMES MARTIN seconded the motion Mr DRiven suggested that the matter should be referred to a select committee, so that the City Council might have a chance of being heard After some remarks from Mr FORSTER, Mr PARNELL, and Mr FLOOD, the adjournment was agreed to. Mr. G A LLOYD moved that no new business be entered upon after 11 o clock pm That was an hour quite late enough for any person to sit up at night, and was one by which all important business ought to be concluded Mr COWPER objected to the motion as obstructive to public business If hon members wished to get home early, they might do so by refraining from personalities and long speeches Mr PARKES also opposed the motion as useless and thought the matter was one with which a new member ought not to have interfered, is the old members were the best judges of it After a few words of reply from Mr LLOYD, the motion was put and negatived without division Mr LLOYD moved a resolution expressive of the opinion that renewed immigration was essential to the welfare of the colony, and that a bill for the v irpo'e ought to be introduced He had brought this motion forward at the instigation of some hon gentlemen sitting near him He went into statistics to show how very little we were doing in comparison with other colonies He mentioned his experience of California in order to show how much the ad\ ance of that State had been due to the steady influx of population continually pouring into it, and showed the House how much was being done in England at the present moment by the agents of "S leona and Queensland At the same time New South Wales was doing nothing, and the name of her Agent was never heard by those sturdy labourers who were looking on' for a field for their labour They should import labour at any cost even though they had to borrow money to help them to do so and if they did not think it right to borrow money, they should set aside the proceeds of the land sales for the purpose Had this been done from the first, as it ought to have been, they would not now be complain- ing of the falling off of business, and the stagnation of our funds He did not know which was the most preferable plan, the land- order system, the assisted system, or the old bounty system, but thought that the best would be to give not mere land, but actual money, which would be a greater inducement to immigration than anything else that could be hit upon Mr. CowPER said it was not so easy to establish a system of immigration as to make a speech on the subject, and he would remind the House that the American States did no more than we had ourselves done, for we had sent lecturers to England, and the American States did no more than disseminate in formation Our difficulty had always been to find the money for the purpose, and that was the difficulty at the present moment It had been the intention of the Government to deal with this matter next session, when they would have been able to deal with the question thoroughly, and as they were now doing the work of last year, he thought the sooner the session was brought to a close the better That had been the only reason why this and the other questions had not been dealt with by the Government He moved as an amendment, the appointment of a Select Committee, with instructions to prepare a bill for the purpose Such a committee would be those likely to propose a plan acceptable to the House, and he thought they would be acting wisely if they co-operated with Victoria Mr BUTLER rose to enter his protest against the distinctions of country and creed which had been introduced into these matters Mr PARKES asserted that the present depression of the country was due to the errors which the Legislature had committed in regard to this subject. He agreed with the principle of the motion, though he did not concur with much that had been said in support of it. The reference to California had no weight, because the circumstances of that country were totally different to those of the colony A bill for regulating immigration was one that ought to come from the Government, and the Government alone, and he could not understand this attempt of the Government to shift the responsibility of the measure off their shoulders on to those of a select committee. At the same time, he objected to acting on such a subject with other colonies whose interests must be necessarily opposed to ours Mr ONSLOW thought that immigration could only be properly dealt with in connection with a new Land Act The present Land Act had acted a' a bar to immigration, and would continue to do so until amended Mr FORSTER admitted that all important measures should be introduced by the Government, and there was no reason why an, exception should be made of an Immigration Bill All the Colonial Secretary desired to show was that the Government did not intend this session to deal with the matter Desiring as they did to have a short session, it was considered that much information might be got together by the Select Committee for the guidance of the House, without in any way taking from the Government the responsibility of next session introducing a bill upon this and other subjects Mr BROOKES thought that such a committee as that proposed would be able to collect much valuable information, for the guidance of the House at some future day Mr PIDDINGTON said the object of the Government was evidently to stave off the evil day when they would be required to introduce a policy of some kind. This had been their object from the first moment of their taking office, and it would be much more straightforward on their part, if they met the motion with a direct negative rather than shelving it in this way There was no doubt that the colony was at present in a state of great depression, but this he considered was due to the cessation of immigration Mr MACLEAY would encourage the introduction of population if he thought the colony could absorb it This, he thought, it could not do at the present moment He admitted that we were suffering from a want of population, and yet if we had that population we could not properly employ it In fact, we cannot at present profitably employ the population we have, and we are gradually losing all the more valuable elements of colonisation, whilst their loss was made up by births ; an increase that would not be serviceable to us for many years to come. in Oh. regard to America, the protective laws there had < secured constant work with high wages to the working classes, and only by the adoption of such laws in the colony should we be able to attract immigrants to our shores. Mr. SAMUEL wished to know where was the evidence of any depression in the colony. He denied I that any such could be found, on the contrary, the i Statistics of the country gave' evidence of a totally different kind, The country was never in a state of greater prosperity than at present. Our imp rts are a larger, our exports are larger, and other property of all kinds is more valuable than it has ever before been. True there was commercial depression, but this had been brought about by over importation. The climate and the physical advantages of California had tended to the advancement of that country, and not the protective laws which it possessed. There could not be distress in Sydney when wages for ordinary labourers ranged from 30s. to SCta. per week. Seeing the difference of opinion he thought the subject one that might very fairly be considered by a select committee. Mr. Fn'/.PATRICK conceived immigration to be so important, that either we must go on with it, or else make up our minds to put a stop to all our great public works. Without immigration we could not be prosperous, and our present depression was due to its stoppage during the last ten years. He objected to have any important measure being postponed merely became the Government desires to have a short session. At the same time unless this were brought forward as a hostile motion, the hon, mover ought to accept the assurance of the Government that such, a measure as he desired should be introduced with as little delay as possible, Mr. BUCHANAN asserted that the Government had no other policy than that of delay It had been the only principle that had ever guided the present Premier from the very first moment of his taking office. Mr. CAMP nun, was of opinion that any Government not prepared to deal with this question could 1 not deal honestly by the colony, for it was only by I introducing population that they could expect to a decrease our burden of taxation. I Mr. FARNELL thought that immigration was distinctly the policy of the Government as announced by the Governor's Speech last session, and referred to in the Speech of this session. Being the policy of the Government, he could not understand on what principle they asked that it should be referred to a select committee. If such a motion were carried he should move that the committee consist of the members of the Administration, and of no others. After a few words from Mr. MORRICE, Mr. LLOYD replied, stating that in his motion he had no thought of anything hostile to the Government is on the contrary, he wished to have them act with him for the benefit of the country. The question was put on Mr, Cowper's amendment, which was carried by 23 to 22. The committee was subsequently appointed by ballot. The House adjourned at twenty-one minutes past 11 until 3 o'clock this day. THE English metropolitan Press has made itself merry with the interview between Lord GRANVILLE and London colonists. The gentlemen omitted to agree before going to the Colonial Office to a detailed statement of grievances and remedies. It is not impossible that they had forgotten to enumerate them in their inter- course with each other, except in a general way. They have been accustomed to receive information from the colonies more or less proving the ignorance and blunders of the Colonial Office ; but they had, perhaps, no thought to separate those which are inevitable from those which are avoidable in government, and especially when great distances divide the central from the subordinate power. We fear that this has been a very common colonial mistake. Many persons have never studied government as a science or in its historical development. Thus the common mistakes and defects of administration, those that have never been escaped: nor can be by any system the wit of man has devised, are set forth as peculiar and censurable wrongs. The great difficulty has been since responsible Government was formed to maintain the Imperial authority, and at the same time to let the colonies have their own way. The absolute surrender of almost everything has thus made the Imperial Government indifferent, and Secretaries of State have thought, and sometimes said, "The things beyond our power shall be beyond our care. It will be very easy to supply a list of grievances which will look formidable enough, and there are some facts connected with New Zealand that reflect no honour on the Imperial Administration: but as far as we are aware, the British Government has conceded everything we have asked not involving expenditure. They have told us that if any old Imperial form"s or British prejudices clash with our views, we have only to agree among ourselves, and our wishes will prevail. It was thus awkward for the colonial gentlemen who presented themselves to Lord GRANVILLE, to be asked on the threshold of the Conference to state their grievances. " Well, what do you want ?" said Earl GRANVILLE, with the abruptness of familiar English. There were gentlemen in the company who could have made a fair speech, but all eloquence was stopped by a plain interrogatory of a nature so practical. We are not surprised that, called upon at a moment to state the wants of the colonies, they were not prepared to enumerate them. They might have naturally asked Lord GRANVILLE, "And what do you mean?" But this does not appear to have occurred to them. It was the obscurity of the British Government in its plans and purposes which took them to the Colonial Office. They saw, or imagined they saw that a Secretary of State was rashly com- promising the prestige and throwing away the territory and trade of the British nation and the real thought that was struggling in their minds was to obtain from the Colonial Office a full and honest declaration of policy. They organised themselves with the view of giving authority to this inquiry ; but they never thought of putting it in a direct and explicit form. Thus, when Lord GRANVILLE turned upon them, and put them on the defence, they answered him without precision and with some confusion. They were not only below the occasion, but they were inferior to themselves. The Times newspaper comments upon the interview with characteristic smartness, exhibiting the weak side of the colonial party. But, after all, a careful examination of the leader which appears on the 21st December, will show that the anxiety of the colonists was not unfounded. They might have retorted the words of the Times, " that the language " of Lord GRANVILLE and those who echoed his thoughts " might mean much and might mean nothing." It is evident from the articles, as well as from words dropped by Lord GRANVILLE, that the Colonial Office has meant much, although its announcements have wanted distinctness. It is perfectly clear that the party, of which he is the representative, intensely desires the separa- tion of certain colonies from the parent State. There is an anxious wish to get rid of the American colonies. We are not so sure that Lord; GRANVILLE extends the project to the Australias. But it is an awkward thing to announce separation as the policy of the parent State only with regard to the colonies is obvious peril. It is more graceful to express a new policy in reference to the whose colonial empire. The Times selects British Colony, a as an example of the difficulty of holding with which England has to contend. It perceives that a longland may be compromised any day, as in , the case of San Juan. It suggests that England would not at all oppose the union of British Columbia with America, and we know that it has already hinted independence in reference to Canada itself. a Instead," it complains, " of the colonies being the dependencies of the mother country, they have become dependents upon the mother country. We are tied while they are loose. We are subject to danger while they are free. We are bound by obligations we cannot disavow, while they are masters of the future." We ask, are these statements of fact intended to show the probable permanence of these relations, or do they not mean rather that England is oppressed by the weight of her colonial empire, and that she will acquire more elasticity and greater freedom if the American colonists would take up their hats and be gone? That this was the prevailing thought of the Times appears from remarks on the speech of I a gentleman born in the colony of Victoria. It commends " the worthy sentiment and clear sense " which induced him to cling to the unity of the Empire. Then it asks how is this to be gratified. What is the form this federation is to take by which England and her colonies are to combine in one power and one nation The question is the inquiry of scepticism, and not of hope. It suggests the inferences which we think these colonies were justified in drawing-that, as implied by the speech of Lord BELMORE, . " The relations between England and the colonies are in a state not of tension, but of relaxation." There may be some who have not watched the Times as the organ of the Ministry, and perhaps are not aware that that newspaper and the Imperial Government often mean the same thing. For the present the Times is the supporter of their policy; and the speech of Lord GRANVILLE, the leading English journal, and Sir JOHN YOUNG'S communication, should be all read together. When the House of Commons shall meet, these questions will be treated in a more practical way, and a large and respectable party will retort upon Lord GRANVILLE the inquiry, "What do you want?" He has already shown some repugnance to the expression of any distinct theory in reference to the Colonial relations. All that he has said may be retracted, although this is very improbable, since whatever qualities may be wanting in the present Ministry, it is not boldness. Lord GRANVILLE is as little likely as any English statesman to be afraid of shadows. _ THE Royal Commission appointed to inquire into and report upon the pollution of rivers and other waters by the discharge of the sewage of towns in England, was every way efficient. Practical men and men of science were mingled together. Engineers, medical men, sanitary inspectors, chemists, and agriculturist's, were banded in the quest, and in England no hesita- tion was felt in adopting the conclusions they came to. It will do our readers no harm to give them their attention for a few minutes. In this matter what is found to be suitable for England may be considered more suitable for New South Wales. This position was explained in earlier notices of this subject, and it is only necessary to revert to what we have already said, so far as to say, that the only disadvantage attending the distribution of sewage in England-the prodigious quantity' of rain and main-service water with which it is mixed would, in this country, be considered no disadvantage whatever. Our market gardeners and lucerne growers-a race that would speedily spring, as it were, from the soil, along the course of a great sewage culvert conveying the refuse of the city to some neighbouring lands would show their appreciation of water at a penny or twopence a ton, pure or polluted. " As the results of our labours," observe these gentlemen, extending over eight years, we have confidence in submitting to your lord- ships the following conclusions 24. The right way to dispose of town sewage is to apply it continuously to land, and it is only by such application that the pollution of rivers can be avoided. 2. The financial results of a continuous application of sewage to land suffer under different local circumstances ; first, because in some places irrigation can be effected by gravity, while in other places more or less pumping must be employed ; second, because heavy soils (which in given localities may alone be available for the purpose are less fit than I light soils for continuous irrigation by sewage. 3\. Where local circumstances are favourable, and undue expenditure is avoided, towns may derive profit, more or less considerable, from applying their sewage in agriculture. Under opposite circumstances, there may not be a balance of profit; but even in such cases a rate in aid required to cover any loss need not be of large amount." From these conclusions were two principles derived, which served as the basis of subsequent legislation that is in course of receiving the approving recommendation of towns where it has been applied. These principles are-first, that wherever rivers are polluted by discharge of town sewage into them, the towns may reasonably be required to desist from causing the public nuisance. Second, that where town populations are injured or endangered in health by a retention of cesspool matter among them, the towns may reasonably be required to provide a system of sewage for its removal. With the risk of repeating a few facts we will new give some instances of what has really been accomplished by the application of sew- age, by way of showing what its value really is. Hitherto, the City of London seems to have been relieved from dealing with the sewage by the intervention of the Metropolis Sewage Company, who have obtained the concession of it for a term of fifty years ; otherwise the Act under which the provincial corporations have to utilise this garbage, might have been applied to the Queen of the Thames. The concession seems to be likely to turn out well for the company. The experiments they have made are sufficiently satisfactory: and they have been wise enough to undertake a couple of model farms whereon the proper application of sewage and its true value can be examined by the curious at all times. One of these farms, at Barking, we have referred to from time to time. The land is situated about two miles from the northern outfall of the main drainage works and a portion of the London sewage, proportioned to present requirements-which | are small as compared with the possible supply is pumped up and conveyed to the edge of the farm in an iron pipe, pending the construc tion of the main culvert. The sewage is applied simply by means of open runs, the land being laid out in the manner of a water meadow. In I the summer of 1868, 800 tons of Italian rye grass were obtained from 134- acres of land, the Anwin F V «g -CUt Newsweek ends. April 6 the Spring having scarcely come menced and six other cuttings being obtained at intervals of four or five weeks, the whole amounting to rather more than 60 tons per acre-, The land on which these crops were raised. formed Part of a tract of fifty-three acres, the character of the soil being one half a very 5000 and open, shallow soil upon a flinty gravel, and the other half a better and deeper open soil on the same bed of gravel. The experiments show-or would have shown had the machinery been so per. feet as to admit of no waste-that 3200 tons of grass were obtained from fifty-three acres of ordinary land, to which 250,009 tons of sewage had been applied. " Allows ing that rather more than twelve tons per acre," said the Agricultural Gazette in commenting on this statement, " would be the natural and unassisted yield of the soil under an Essex climate, there would then appear a net result of 2500 tons of grass as the produce of 250,000 tons of sewage." In other words 100 tons of London sewage produced one ton of grass grass such as the experience of the dairy manager of the farm allows to be " excellent cow food." There is another mode of testing the value of the waste fluids of towns-and in view of the ignorance and prejudice that here exists on this subject we deem it desirable to enter into particulars. The sewage-grown grass of the Metropolitan Company has been used in feed- ing milch cows kept in sheds. The result has been to show that two acres of land will yield, sufficient to maintain two cows throughout the year, supposing that the animals were fed upon grass only, or upon grass converted into hay. In some of the best dairy districts of England from four to five acres are required to keep one cow throughout the year. The difference between two acres for five cows and one cow for five acres is 1250 per cent. Twenty-five acres would be employed to produce the same t result as two. Our astonishment has often been elicited by rapid transformations such, for instance, as bright crystallised sugar produced from the fresh cut cane in a few hours. Just let us glance at the chemical circle observable in the growth and consumption of sewage grass. The rapidity with which sewage acts on grass is wonderful. In warm weather it grows an inch in height in twelve hours, being at the rate of half a ton per acre. Twenty-one days thus suffice for the production of a crop. The sewage grass supplied to a cow becomes milk in the i course of twelve hours in twenty-four hours more it returns as sewage, in twelve hours more the grass begins to grow again under the influence of the same sewage, and in twenty one days the grass is once more cut and carried to the cowshed ; so that in the circuit of three and-twenty days the entire process is completed, Those who, are not accustomed to look narrowly into the sources of food may be disgusted with this view. But there is nothing disgusting in it to persons-who look upon it with scientific eyes. It is the order of nature, and is necessary to the sanitary state of the world. If man ever interferes to check the steps of this process-nay if he does not do his best to assist them, he is sure to suffer, as we do, and shall continue to do, by discharging our town sewage into the harbour as waste to be got rid of at any price. "We have reliable testimony that the grass produced is of the most wholesome character that the milk and butter are richer in alimentary materials than such substances are ordinarily produced. And then, as to that great ghost, " stench ;" let us observe, for the purpose of laying it, that we are assured by competent requires that where a sewage farm is found to be a nuisance, it is due to the misapplication of the sewage. The commissioners already quoted say on this subject :-" Where foul smells are complained of as arising from sewage irrigated lands, the causes are in the state of the sewage, j and in the rude mode of using it. If old and putrid sewage is stored in large tanks, or is conveyed in large open ditches which are never cleaned, there will be offensive faint.", With proper care there can be HO danger. 