COXO^jMfc EXTRACTS. TITE FLOOD IN THE IfEIGHBorRHOOD OF TBCHHOWA.—The destruction caused by the recent flood.in the Burrowa Biver hae been ^rom,aU .sides, we. learri mat farmers throughout tlie district have' sustained .considerable damage by the inundation. One of the chief sufferers haa been Mr. Joseph Patterson, of Burrowa Biver. The greater portion of his land has been.' covered with a bed of sand, nearty four feet deep; nearly the whole of his fencing lias been washed away, together with a crop of potatoes—about 3 acres—and a quantity- ofpptupkius. He. estimates his loss at over 1 £30(1 Mr.'Patries Carroll's, Burrowa Eiver, fine garden and vineyard are now in a deplorable state, the fruit trees being torn up by r the roots, 'the .vines laid prostrate, and the soil covered with a, thick 'layer of sand. Mr. Win, White's loss has been about,£150 worth. Mr. Patrick Qiiiim iJUrrov^a. liiver, lost a stack of hay, about 17 tonB; and a great portVon of his laiid is covered with sand. A large number of persons residing near tlio river have suffered in a like manner by this dreadful visitation; but those we enumerated in our last issue are the principal losers. We have learned that Mr. Balgowati, Dryburgh, has succeeded in recovering a portion of his property, some of which was swept away for miles by the impetuous current.—Burrowa Advocate. ? PiLFEuiso.—A wholesale system of pilfering has been going on iu this town for pome time past; but at length the perpetrators have been detected; and on Wedi PR'lny last three of the guilty ones werp brought up at the Police-court nnd received ihe deserts which their loiij; course of petty rascality has rendered them justly enfi<lml to. Persons wh<'ge property has been stolen, and which tliey had resigned all hopes of r^covcrine, have at len»th succeeded in discovering its whereabouts. The property abstracted at intervals during the past, few month*, and now fonnd in the possession of the Cummins' family, is certainly of the most varied character, embracing bridles, bobhlcs, axe--, harness, wearing apparel, blank, ts, tubs, &e.;, Sic A D ESP Kit ATE ACT.—We have been furnished with an account of one of the most di t<'t mined ellbrts to get wet upon rei-ord, and pioceed to lay the details before our remlprs. On Saturday moaning last, between two and three o'clock, the feeder and engine driver at (ha machine of Messrs. Bevan aud Co, located at the head of the Siar guily, oht-erved a white object m:iiun« circuits amund the machine. This object really excited thernrio^ity of those whose tten'ion wns called to it. nnd, «f er a grave coiiHultaiion, it was considered to be an apparition—a Veiitahle ghost., and svas (uentlv more ^^sely »at<0ied. A time it" was seei^Paj prnsch the edge lam, iu the b>ttom <>f which there are secretions of the very fine soft clayey mud that comes from the quartz tailings, and lmigc.frantically in. There were repeated ud excruciating ^creams from the spot, w hich roused nil the neighbours, who rushed foritin thi ir night drersec, aud rendered it e|^Kiti<'ally a scene descrilted by/one of nro ai.cient p^e's in the following elegant nd hiirli]y descriptive line:— " Sheets in the wind and shirt-tails flying." Several brave and strong men rushed into the water, and rescued a drowning maid. They carried her carefully to her residence, and committed her to the. watchful care of sympathising friends.* Our informant was unaule. t i furnish any further particulars. but na urallv inquired ' what fire the police loing all the time ? " But wie would like to know, in the name of common sense, what that body havu to do in such casta ? Mining tfecunl. " HAUDSH IPS,—During the recent severe storm« tho persons engaged in conveying the mails to and from Grenfell have iendured many hardships. On Wednesday of last week Edward Evmer. a young man em by Mr. Feeney to carry the mail to Forbes,; came near losing his life while citossingva dangerous lagoon about five miles this' side of tho Lachlan. Mr. A. C, E. Bowfer, who appened to be there, endeavoured to peruade the .young man not to Attempt to ross, as lie knew tlie danger, but Eymer, having confidence in his horse, wentfin. He was swept down by the current. It was reported' in Grenfell on 'Thursday that Evmer was drowned andthe 'Gratis iost. A telegram, however, in 'the 'evening, announced that he succeeded in ^making the passage, and safely delivered the mails. Hie escape was considered a most providential one.—On Saturday, as Feeney was bringing the mail from Young to Grenfell he en-' countered many vicissitudes. The creclcs were very much swollen, and dangerous to cross. At the creek near White's station there was a loaded team stuck in the middle. He managed, however, to come on tp,apoint this side of the Seven- Mile, where feis horse sank in the mite suddertly wuh'tis fore-ftet, and rolled Over tbe mailman, 'who remiitoed senseless for some time. He afterwards' came into Grenfell very much ehaken'totfd bruised.—Ibid, ' ' '' ""i' 1 DEATH OF MB. E. WICKUAM, OR CWUI-- atTBir.—We regret to learn that Miv 13. Wibkham, who for several years'past has luld 'a confidential position in tlie establish-.' ineut of • Messrs. D«vies, Alexander, and- Co., of Goulburn, died in thit city 1 yesterday 'morning. The deej»aWd "wita weir known and much respeeted by a large npmof our townsmen, and his early -death % much regretted. He wns "married "to <the daughter of a very old resident of (Mr. Jacob Myers) aud leaves a ;youn£ famijy.— ? .—Rid, Courier. 