State-aided Emigration. (From the Australasian), Tho oraolo has spoken. The Government, aftor a protraoted season of hopo fostering reticence, has given itB dclivoranco, and all eueponso is at an ond. A debate, initiated by Mr Robert Torrens, of Cambridge, on the subject of stato support to emigration, issued in the peremptory rejection oftho proposal by a majority of 105, which m»y bo taken as a final quietus to this pleasant dream of philanthropic states manship. The agitation may not all at onoe oive up tho ghost ; the cry for help may not die away into sudden silence; public demonstrations will not immediately cease j but all vitality is gono out of movement, and, unless a change of Ministry should occur, those who have so nobly championed tho claims of the unemployed will soon yield to the discouragement of those who find tbeibselveB vainly beating tho air. Tho faot is, rightly or wrongly, nearly all our politi cians and economists aro opposed to all projeots of stato aid to colonisations The Conservative papers have been trading upon the question for somo time past. Great sympathy has been professed for the distressed operatives; tho assistance of Government to facilitate tho transference of tho destitute and Buffering to moro promising fields of labor has been clamously demanded ; and on declining to under take this mighty task, the oonduot of the Ministry has beon stigmatised as churlish, callous, and heartless. Yet it is evident that tho Tory party does not follow the lead of its journalistio organs; for on tho occasion oftho late division, only ono Conservative out of nino voted for Mr Torrens' proposal* The remainder of the party, eight ninths of thom, stayed away from ono motive or another. So upon neither political party in tho state can the unemployed reckon for organised help in their trouble. The terms of Mr Torrens' resolution were — ' That in order to arrest tho increase of pauperism, and to relieve tbe distressed oondition of the working classes, it is expedient that measures be adopted for facilitating the emigration of poor families to British oolonies. He expressed himself as being in favor of authorising poor law guardians to borrow sums on tbe security of the ratos, whioh they Bhould expend in providing means for emigration, repaying themselves in a limited poriod out of the rates they would thereby savo; Ho also suggested paying £1,000,000 out of the consolidated fund, whioh, he thought, aided by local help from tho sums borrowed on the rates to the extent of another £1,000,000, would defray tho oost of the emigration ol 50,000 families. Mr Eastwick, in seconding the motion, pointed out that the colonies afforded an ample field for the surplus population of this country j and replying to the argument that if emigration were encouraged by the state it would draw off tbe elite of the working classes, contended that all experience proved that emigration was not a matter of preference, but of necessity. In his judgmont, there ought to a pormanent department of emigration, constituted by the emigratioi: commissioners, and associated with the Poor law Board, with an assistant secretary at its head, and supplied with funds by the nation. The prinoiplo of Government aid, he reminded the House, had been conceded in the Irish Land Bill ; and why not make advances to English settlers in tbe colonies upon the seourity of their lands? That system had already been tried in Canadia, and worked well, tbe Government annually recovering largo suma of money on this account. It had also been tried at the at the Cape and in the Australias, with good results. Such advances should be made only to families, for it was tho emigration of families alone tbat would insure any tangible benefit to the country. Mr Monsell, who spoke for the Government, gave a strenuous opposition to the motion, which he characterised as the resuscitation of a project off 21 years ago. The first result of a system of state emigration mnst be to check the tide of natural and voluntary emigration, which bad conferred such enormous benefits on the oolonies. It would discourage, - too, suoh a process of relief as the Irish exodus. Would the colonies oonsent to receive the classes whom it was proposed to send out ; or, rather, should we not soou havo a pauper question with them, as we had formerly a convict question? The oolonists bad ample means disposable for bringing over emigrants whenever tbey wanted them, and they would only bring over just the classes they needed. The motion was supported by Lord G. Hamilton as a means of binding more olosely together tbe colonies and tbe mother country ; by Mr S. Aytoun as affording an extension of the markets for our manufactures ; by Mr Maofie as tending to tbe consolidation of the British empire, by Mr M'CuIlagh Torrens, wbo contended tbat there was no intention of sending out paupers, but skilled and unskilled surplus labourers. The proposal was opposed by Mr Molly, who thought the present distress temporary only ; by Mr Muntz, Mr A. Peel, Mr Brassoy, and Sir C. Dilke. In conclusion of the debate, Mr Gladstone remarked on the vague language of the resolution and the discordant interpretation put on it by its supporters. To so indefinite a proposal shirking overy attempt at a practical solution, it would not be for tho dignity of the House to commit itself. Describing his objections to' a system of state emigration, Mr Gladstone maintained tbat if Parliament did by chance entertain it, it would soon retrace its steps. Suoh a sohome would paralyse tbe natural opera tions by which tho labour market was relieved, and would stop the supply of voluntary aid for emigration. Replying to the complaint that the Government would do nothing, be pointed out ♦li n f ttinnrrlk nrtf IflTt /In ran oritf /iron t tuab ?uuugu vuvj *u j 6ivm» scheme, Mr Childers had recently offered the use oftho transports going to Canada for emigration purposes. Lord Granville had been inquiring from the oolonial authorities whether tbey were willing to undertake the payment of advances to emigrants, and Mr Gosohen had beenia communi cation with the colonial agents here, to say nothing of the operation of the emigration commissioners. Moreover, tbey were ready to entertain any practioal proposal likely to be benofioial. But nothing liko a wholesale soheme of emigration had ever yet been found practicable —even in times of more severe distress, such as tho Irish famine and the Lancashire famine, though tho subjeot had exercised tbe minds of most experienced statesmen. The reason for this was tbat it was fall of praotical difficulties, on which he dilated at some length, and among which mentionod tho difficulty of selecting the emigrants, tbo aversion of tbo working classes as a rule to emigrate, the injustice of imposing a heavy oharge on the poor of this country for assisting those who wero not paupers, tho impossibility of limiting the emigration to tho British colonics, and the possible objections of foreign powers if we did not. One good effeot of the disoussion of tbo Bubject in the Houso of Commons, and tho explicit declaration of tbe Government, will be to stimulato private efforts and strengthen the benevolent and self helping organisations whioh aro grappling with tho evil. Tho oommittee of the British and Colonial Emigration Society at onco made a stronger appeal to tho wealthy and tho generous for their prompt aid. Three troop ships are to be employed in transporting to Canada some of tho discharged labourers at Woolwich, Deptford, Chatham, and other Government townB, provided the victualling expenss— 45. por head— aro forthcoming. A crowded meeting was hold at Westminster on the 10th instant, under the presidency of the Earl of Shaftesbury, when it was resolved to establish an Emigration Club for tbat district, into whioh working men will pay a statod sum weekly, until tbe amount will suffice for thoir transplanation to the oolonies. Tho resolution was moved by Lord Cliurohill, and seconded by Mr W. Smith, the former of whom expressed his opposition to state aidod emigration as impolitio and unjust. The National Emigration League are reluctant to relinquish all hopes of Govornment co operation , in their work. At a . spocial meeting of tho Exeoutive and General Council on the 3rd inst, reports wero presented of the largo and enthusiastic meetings attended in the provinces by the deputations, at which the programme of tbe leaguo had been endorsed. After the result of the debate in Parliament on the previous evening had been described by Mr Torrens, a resolution was passed pledging the league to agitation for state supervision and succour ; and t was agreed that on an e arly day a great demonstration in furthoranoe of this objeot shall be made in the metropolis. The paper on Emigration, read last month by Mr Edward Wilson, at a conferenco on the sabjeot at tbe Society of Arts, has been printed as a pbamplet and circulated widely among our legislators and other influential classes. Finding by statistical returns tbat tbe balance between tbe births and deaths in the United Kingdom amounts annually to about 400,000, wbioh vast number presses upon an over crowded labour market, Mr Wilson propounds a plan by which this redundant population may be transferred to the British oolonies to their enrichment, and to our unspeakable relief. The cost of this great undertaking is estimated at £5,600,000, which, it is suggested, might be jointly borne by the Imperial Government, by the oolonies benefited, and by tho emigrants themselves, Great Britain to supply the ships, the colonies to furnish the diet for the voyage, and the emigrants to find their own outfit. These are the three main branches of expenditure. Tho project is developed with great olearnesa.and the advantages are depicted with a hearty earnestness, that Bhow the deep hold whioh tho subject has obtained upon the mind of the author. Systematic emigration en a grand soale will have to be restored to in the future, but it is to be feared that our present raoe of statesmen are not the men for tbe work. Schemes like that propounded by Mr Wilson will .serve, however, to prepare the public mind for the ohange which is inevitable. In answer to inquiries by Sir J. Lawrenoe, in the House of Commons, relative to free emigrants to Western Australia, Mr Monsall said, during the present year no emigrants would be sent, except oonvicts' families, unless Government bad conclusive evidence that free emigrants were wanted, and would bo permanently employed. The despatch which had recently been received furnished no such evidence, and until thoy received further despatches he would not be able to give an opinion. There would be no objeotion to lay all despatches received on the table. The Times of India says that Colonel Craw ford's scheme for establishing a colony of retired Indian officers in Tasmania has not been prominently before the. public of late. Yet ii hss not been allowed to drop, nor has it ever been otherwise than evident that success would sooner or later attend the benevolent efforts of the founder of tho settlement. Many unforeseen difficulties have had to be overcome, and vexatious delays have arisen when least expected ; but now tbe oolonj may be considered us actually formed, and as having a most encouraging prospect before it. Twenty six members at present form tho ' Castra ' colony ; 6,720 aores have been taken up by them, and clearing will have been commenced in good earnest before now. Moreover, Colonel Crawford's agents in Bombay havo received the adhesion of others of whom he knew not whon he last wrote, so that the strength and dimensions of tbe settlement are greater than Btated by him. 