THB DOGMA OF INFALLIBILITY. II Ik tlie Homily delivered by the Pope at tfae opening J cf the (Ecumenical Council, m conveyed to the world. I in a ttlfgrephic summery, hie HolineBS was reported j to hwe Baid that *' the Churoh was stronger than j Heaven itaelf.' We awaited an explanation of this, appatently unintelligible expression, and we find it in I plain 'woroi at tne text or tne Allocution itaelt, wtucu has rracbed us by post. Tfae Holy Father did really say that the Church was stronger than Heaven itself; but he gwnndt-d hiB saying, Bret, on the authority of St. John Chrysostom, then on that verse of Holy Writ, ' H- aven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.' He somewhat quibbled between Heaven ae implying the Maker of all things and Heaven as part of the things made, and simply meant that the Church was stronger than the physical world — a supe riority which, in a general sense, may be claimed by all tnind over all matter. What was originally the Bishop of Kome grew into a Bishop of Bishops, and into a Vicar ol Christ ; but, in his own estimation, and in that of bis most zealous worshippers, the Pope is more than that. He himself wishes to be held the ??sole depositary of the words of eternal truth,' and the Ultramontane papers devoted to him bias phtmouely described him as ' the Sop .f God,' adding that 'when the Pope thicks, it is God who thinkB in him.' And, further— 'The Church of God,' they say, 'is made in the semblance of the Holy Trinity. As the Father begot tbe Son, and from Father and Son proceeds the Holy Ghost, so the Pope begets the BUhops, and from the Pope and the BiBhops proceeds the Holy Ghost.' We beg to assure the reader that it is not with out the greatest repugnance we make room in our columns tor these profanities. But we do not know how otherwise to show to what extent the infatuation of Pius IX. baa emboldened his Jesuitical supporters. The Pope looks upon human eociety as it exists as the work of the ' Old Enemy.' He speaks of a widely- spread wicked conspiracy of the impious, strong ii) union, powerful in wealth, and protected by institutions against ?tehich the Cburch is to put forth her strength, taking her stand on that Bock against which ' the gates of Hell shall not prevail.' The Church is summoned to do battle; she most seek her efficiency in strict discipline ; Catholic Christendom is to have only one mind and will, one infal lible head. In order to enable herself to eo forth and bend the world to her views, the Church must organise herself on ihe principle of*the narrowest des potism. This is, perhaps; the first Instance in which the representatives of any community have been brought together, not for the purpose of defining or establish ing, but of renouncing their liberties — in which the States-General are deliberating on what terms they may contrive to give themselves up most uncondi tionally, bound hands and feet, into the power of their monarch. But it is not without an object that the members of the Council are thus bidden to sur render Bt discretion. It is not without some prospect of compensation that such a proof of self-denial is demanded ef them. Let them Acknowledge the Pope's Infallibility, and they will in some measure be par takers of it. The apotheosis of the Head will throw divine light over the whole body. Let the Bishops fall down and worship the Pope, and he will deliver as slaves into their hands ail the dioceses of the earth. Strange to say, even with thie tempting bait, some of the Prelates now assembled at the Vatican are not to be caught. They oppese the promulgation of the Dogma, although, while it makes the Pope into the 'Master,' it would confer upon them the attributes of the ' Twelve.' There are men of little faith among them — men of the world, convinced that Infallibility will not go down with it on any terms. Their im preesion is tbat Home is not of this age ; and one of Uiem, an American, thinks that ' no Pope, af :er elec tion, should be allowed to occupy tbe Holy See without a three yeatB* previous residence in the United States, where he should divest himself of his obsolete Italian notions, and go through an appren ticeship of the wants and tendencies of the living generation.' Upon whatever inspiration the Pope may be sBid to act, its influence does not equally affect the whole hierarchy. — Timei, December 16. 