Theatrical. " Justice always whirls I In equal measure."-LOVE'S LABOUR'S LOST. Editorial requirements give mo but a brief space for noticing (andFnot criticising, as my desire would lead me,) the real dramatic performances of tho week, tho repre sentations of Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann at tho Adelphi Theatre "We have had " Hamlet," " Tho Stranger," "Tho Merchant of Venice," "Othello," "Much ado about Nothing," and " Richard III." Tho house has been remarkably well filled every evening, culminating on Friday, for Mrs. Bandmann's benefit, in a very great crowd-many not being ablo to obtain seats. Tho talents and genius of this lady are now thoroughly acknowledged and appre ciated by tho community, tho most educated of whom haye witnessed her great conceptions and genial renditions of character; and there is but ono opinion through tho town, that acting moro elegant, refined, chaste, and expressive has never been seen in Australia. The most demonstrative applause, ac companied by calls and showers of bouquets have been lavished on her every evening. Tho^ "mad scene" in " Hamlet" was rendered with an originality and a pathos that gave to tho charactor of Opholia a prominence it has seldom before attained. The sudden Btart when she hears her brother's voice, with a momentary recognition, breaking out with a sob at the words "Faro you well, my dove," seeming to follow the bird with her eyes, and then falling on her brother's neck heartbroken, affected every ono by its truth and tenderness; so, too, when she fashions tho seeming coffin with her niantlo and flowers, and is again startled at the voice of Laertes, looking at him steadfastly and lovingly before quitting the sceno. Though evidently slightly hoarse, it was easily perceived that Mrs. Bandmann has a very pretty singing voice, and as she left tho stage, many a sym-. pathetic tear dropt from gentle eyes. Unfortunately, tho lady was but ill-supported by tho very ono who 1 should hore have aided her ; Mr. West scarcely knew the text ; he took Ophelia's condition as coolly ns ho out-heroded Herod m tho other parts of this and tho concluding scenes. Herr Bandmann's Hamlet has already received tho highest commendation in my former notices, to which I can add nothing. Tho scene when tho King (very admirably taken by Mr. Welsh,) is at prayer was placed far better than formerly, tho oratory being inside the scene, with a sliding door enabling Hamlet to come beldnd tho King without being observed, and yet not too much in front of tho stage. The closet scene, as represented by Herr Band mann with all its accessories, will romain as a landmark in the annals of the drama in Australia. Miss Cooper's Queen displayed this veiy clover lady to her best ad vantage; it seemed as though she had really taken pains to make something of tho part. Mr. Harding was very quiet and subdued as the Ghost, and came out well in a rather awkward situation, behind a tree os it wore ; the voice, though not sepulchral, seemed cold as the damp morning, and was by no means ineffective. Mr. Charles Young's Gravedigger was unctuous, yet biting-suited to the occasion. Kotzebue's "Stranger, or Misanthropy and Repent ance," draws money, I suppose, for there aro some people who love to gloat on tho highly-spiced misery of others : otherwise, I should wonder how a lady and gentleman of taste as excellent as Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann would play in so stupid a piece of maudlin sentimentality, with its false repentance and happy conclusion. I did not see it on this occasion. Neither Herr Bandmann's Othello nor Ids Shylook presented any new features since my last notice ; these and Hamlet will remain to bo a special triad of per formances as remarkable and original as have been wit nessed for very many years. The Portia of Mrs. Band mann, too, is full of originality, grace, and a depth of study, from tho beginning till tho conclusion of the play ful fifth act, that, in conjunction with such delineations as Ophelia, display tho grasp of her mind and tho versatility of her talent. She invested the gentle Desdemona, too, with an intereso seldom accorded to this, tho most negatively demon strative of the Shakespearian heroines. Miss Rosa Cooper made a feature of Emilia, and in tho last act was so thoroughly in earnest as quite to rouse tho audi ence to very high enthusiasm. Mr. Welsh essayed Iago for, I believe, the first time, and gave it a fair reading, but with no special originality. In the "Merchant of Venice," the scenery may bo mentioned os particularly appropriate. It is quito impossible at this ond of my apportioned space to do anything like justice to the representation of "MuohAdo about Nothing;" but if it was, as I hear, tho first attempt by Mrs. Bandmann in this-one of the most difficult of Shakespeare's characters-it was simply extraordinary. There was but ono opinion at which eveiy person present, with any degree of tasto and knowledge, could arrive : it was, as a model of light but high comic acting, simply perfect, fully equal to that of tho most finished artists that have played tho part for a Ufe-timo, and in which, I trust, that with mature study, and afi,or continued performance, Mrs. Bandmann will alter-nothing. Tho graceful mantle of Mrs. Nisbett seems to have fallen ¡ on her, and to fit her closely. Herr Bandmann's Bene dick, if a shado less light and buoyant, waa full of fun, I humour, and rich conception of the part. What an I amount of study must these artists undergo to produce I pictures so complete : genius alone will not do it, any moro than throwing colour promiscuously on canvas ' will produce a good painting. r Miss Carey's Hero was very gently and prettily I endered, tho chapel scene with considerable feeling. Mr. Young's Dogberry ÍB amusing, but should be mora bombastic and important, a little less loud. In tba absence of Mr. Andrews (through a domestic calamity, ) Miss Rosa Cooper played good old-man VergeB, BO dis guised in voice and costume as to bo unrecognisable ; it was admirable. Mr. Harding's Don Pedro was toler able, but wanting in olegance of manner and becoming apparol. Old Lconato was efficiently represented by Mr. Welsh ; tho rest of the characters beneath aU criti cism. Tho play was wisely given in three acts, which shortened tho performance, but required a few moments longer at tho changes of scene, instead of act. The scenery was very pretty, but why Venetian ? , BIRON. 