THEATRE ROYAL. ' On Thursday evening the . " Coraican Brothers" was played at the Theatie Boyal, Mr. Bandmann taking the part of the twin brothers. The.interest of . this play; depends mainly upon the supernatural element; and'the unearthly scenes were' admirably presented. The speotral appearance of th'e murdered Cor :Bicah 'was managed with great-skill, and was a .perfect triumph of mechanical'illusion, and nothing could well be more lifelike than "the 'tableau oE the duel on a wintry day among the leafless-and snew laden trees of a wild forest. Mr. Bandmann portrayed with great art the sentiments of affection animating the brothers towards each other, the chivalry and gene rosity common -to both, and ; the strange fatalism that guided their conduct and gave so melancholy a hue . to their existence. Their love forEmilie appears in-the. drama only in recital; which was given with much natural earnestness,, while the manner : in rwhrnh the tender passion was subordinated to conscience, to-friendship,-and-to an unselfish regard for the welfare of the object of attachment, was"finely rendered. The -bearing of- the Franchis when confronting the villain of .the plot; the. death scene of Louis, and the triumphant avenging combat of the other, were excellently repre sented. -There are many other scenes, how ever, that materially assist to give interest, to this drama, andrelieveitsmoresombrefeatures, and the success with which theoe are produced ,mustdepend very much upon theartistes assisting the leafing characters. .The opening scene vfas quietly given, and the arbitration between.the Corsican families at feud not so pleasantly elaborated as we have seen it. The baZ masque was well represented, but in the following scene there was a lack of upholstery and decorative effect. Mr. Appleton as the fillain did not look sufficiently the character, and his most vicious sentiments were sometimes delivered with an in tonation and a manner more becoming expressions of a diametrically opposite charaoter. How ever, Messrs. Appleton and Humphries did not look out of place in the society in which they were supposed to be moving; jand this, is, mora than we can Venture to say of the other Parisians. Miss Edonin did justice to the-part ofEmiliede Lesparre, and Mrs. Stonehamwas sufficiently motherly as Madame Savilia dei Franchi. Miss Florence Norman appeared to advantage as Marie, the domestic. Miss Eleanor Carey looked bewitching as Celestine, but there .was a want of easy vivacity about the ladies of the ballet. Where it was necessary the two, Corsican Brothers should appear at the same time, the part of the double was taken by an amateur, who mads a great hit in' his part. Whether appearing-as the' live Franchi or the ghost of his brother, he sustained the illusion completely in appearance, while his voice was a perfect imitation of Mr. Bandmann's. The perform ance was much applauded, and at the close Mr. Bandmann came before the curtain in acknow ledgment of a hearty cadi. The fourth act of , " Romeo and Juliet" followed, and was greatly enjoyed, Mrs. Bandmann impersonating Juliet. There was a fair house, especially considering the-weather, and His Excellency Sir James, Lady Edith, and Miss Fergusson, and suite, occupied'the vice-regal box. To-night Mr. Bandmann's benefit will take; place, the pi.ece chosen being the "Lady of Lyons," in which he will appear as Claude Melnotto, while Mrs. Bandmann will take the part of Pauline, and there can be little doubt that Lord Lytton's great play will be produced to a bumper bouse. The comedy of "Only an Actor" will follow, Mr. Bandmann also appearing in the leading character. A young lady advertised for a maid. One applied, and in response to the enquiry whether she was quick, she replied, " Oh! so_quick that I will engage to dress you every day in half an hour." " In half anhour 3 "reiterated the young lady; "and what shall I do the rest of the day." . Talleyrand used to be worried for his auto graph, and to one of his persecutors he thus wrote:—" Will you oblige me with your com pany to dinner on Wednesday next at eight o'clock? I have invited a number of ex ceedingly clever persons, and do not like to be the only fool of the 16t." V -r 