A CHRISTMAS IN THE BUSH. BEING A SEQUEL TO A GHOST STORY. {Written expressly for Bell's Life.) By CAPTAIN SYKES. (Continued from our issue of July 16th.) FOR a dozen miles or so the road ran through a level country. At this distance from the city, however, rises a range of hills, to avoid which, the main road makes a sudden turn to the right, and finally works its way through them at a point where their elevation is not so great. It was by the main road that carriages and drays invariably travelled, but men on foot or on horseback very often preferred to follow a shorter track, which led across the hilly country, and ran into the mainroad again at the little township of Clyde some fifteen miles further on. About a mile or so on the city side of the road stood a pretty villa, the owner of which was a frequent visitor at Government House, and was, moreover, the father of two handsome daughters. One of these, the younger, had danced with me at the last Gov- ernor's ball, and had made sufficient impression upon my some- what susceptible nature to make me rather anxious to renew her acquaintance. Telling Pat, therefore, to ride slowly on, and promising to overtake him, in less than half an hour, or, at the worst, to join him at Clyde, I turned aside and rode along the avenue of orange trees that led to the hall door of my friend's house. The old gentleman was from home, but the young ladies and their mother received me with the greatest kindness. The visit proved a longer one than I expected. Somehow or other, a visit to a handsome lively girl never is a short one, —if I can help it. It was after one o'clock in the afternoon when I took leave. In ten minutes more I had reached the turn at the foot of the hills, and then it occurred to me that I had not arranged with Pat by which of the two routes I should travel. For a moment or so I was puzzled. The prints of horse's hoofs were plentiful enough upon both tracks, and therefore it was impossible for me to find any trace of the one which Pat had taken. I knew that the track across the hills ran through a wild country, mostly scrub, with, here and there, a cultivated patch in the valleys, and that it was often made a hunting ground of a set of by fellows whose chief prey was the solitary traveller with a well lined purse. On the other hand, it was by far the shortest route, and the scenery through which it ran was about the finest in the colony. Besides, for months, no case of "sticking up" had been heard of. The police were said to have scared the jackals and driven them further to the South. Moreover, I was in a state of mind which made me indifferent to danger, and rather anxious than otherwise for ex- citement. The champagne which I had drank at my friend's house, in honour of my friend's danghter, had produced a certain mental elevation, which, although far removed from anything so serious as intoxication, was not the state of mind which we usually call normal. Under these circumstances it is scarcely to be wondered at that I came to the conclusion that Pat had taken the hill track, and that it was my duty to follow him. Up the hill, consequently, I went, and a long heavy hill it was. I must have been three quarters of an hour gaining its summit. And yet it was but the first of a series of ranges over which I should have to pass. Staying for one minute or so on the brow of the hill to give my horse a drink at a spring which oozed out of the soft soil beneath an old gum tree and formed a little stream that ran by the road side into the next valley, I began the descent. On each side of the track was a dense scrub; the valley below was covered with timber, save in one spot where a little house of wattle and dab had been run up and well- stocked by an enterprising German with cordials and spirits of every description for the refreshment of the passers by. This hut, or "hotel," as the owner styled it, had been built since my last visit to the hills, and I was somewhat surprised when I first saw it. I was glad, however, if for no other reason, for this, that I knew I should be sure to hear news of Pat at any public house that be had passed, for Pat had a weakness for the "cratur" and, when alone, would think it an insult to the landlord of any country inn, to go by with- out, as Pat would say, "just calling to bait the horse." I pulled up therefore at the inn. The old landlord, a fat heavy looking Dutchman, was sitting on the stump of a tree outside the door, smoking his pipe. He was a stranger to me, and yet I saw by his look of recognition that he knew who I was. Without getting off my horse, I asked him if any one had passed the house within the last two hours. The old man seemed agitated when I spoke, turned his eyes for a moment towards the house, and then giving me a look which said as plainly as any words "I'm going to tell you a lie," answered in a very loud tone of voice, that, "no one had been to his place since nine o'clock that morning." As he spoke, he placed his finger upon his lips and then pointed towards on old wooden shed that stood at the back of the inn, which seemed to be used as a stable. The behaviour of the man, strange as it appeared to me, was evidently meant to be friendly. I had no time however to ask him for any further explanation. The moment he had finished the last sentence he entered the house making signs to me as he went that he would be back again directly. He had scarcely closed the door when I heard the champing of horses bits, and the voice of men speaking in a low tone at the back of the building. The house was between myself and the speakers, and this prevented us from seeing each other; nor could I hear what the strangers said. In another second, however, I heard the horses feet in motion, they had started at a trot towards the right, following a narrow path that led through the scrub and along the valley in a direction at right angles with the track by which I had to travel. When they had gone so far that the sound of their horses hoofs could be no longer heard, I dismounted for a few moments, threw the bridle reins over a post that stood by the door, and walked to the rear of the building. I was but just in time. At a distance of five or six hundred yards were the figures of two men on horseback. I only saw them for a moment, for, just as I reached the back of the stable the strangers turned aside from the path and began to ascend the hill through the scrub, in a line parellel with the track that I was about to follow. Probably they were following another track of the existence of which I was ignorant. Of the men themselves I could see little, but the horses which they rode were both of a light grey color, and by this I felt pretty sure that I could recognize them, if we were to meet again further on. When I came back to the spot at which I had left my own Arab mare, I found the old landlord standing beside her. He looked sad and thoughtful. "Who were those men" I said "that have just left your stable?" "No good sir, no good depend upon it sir; I never saw the men before sir, but they're no good sir depend upon it." This was all the fellow could tell me, and I felt sure that when he said he had never seen the men before, he spoke the truth. He had never seen them enter his stable; they had done so while he was dozing in his bar, had come into teo house and asked for two nobblers of brandy some ten minutes before my arrival, and had just left and gone back to their horses when I pulled up at the door. The rest I had seen myself. Of Pat the landlord knew nothing. It was possible, he said, that Pat might have passed unseen, for the landlord himself had been absent the greater part of the morning in search of a pony that had strayed in the scrub, and his house had been closed, no one living in it but himself. The path which tho men had followed did turn up the hill at the spot where I had seen them dis- appear, and would run into my own track again three or four miles further on. This was all the information I could get. With advice, however, the Dutchman was prodigal enough. He recommended me strongly to retrace my steps, and proceed to Clyde by the main road. When he found that I was unwilling to retreat, he advised me to push on and get beyond the point where the track and the path met before the two horsemen could reach it. This plan was more in accordance with my own desire as it would be attended with some little excitement. Fear I had none, for after all I was well armed, and at the worst they would be but two to one, and that one—on ex-Captain of Her Majesty's—th regiment of foot. I thanked the old follow for his hints, drank his health in a glass of vile port, and wishing him Good-bye began the ascent of the second hill at a brisk trot—it was a higher and a steeper hill even than the first. It was too steep indeed Tor the pace at which I had started, and not wishing to overtax the horse's strength, I dismounted when perhaps half way up the hill, and resolved to walk to the summit. The day was ex- cessively hot; the perspiration rolled down my cheeks in big drops, and when, after half an hour's tedious walking, I had gained the hilltop. I felt perfectly exhausted and resolved to rest for a few moments beneath the shade of a large tree. Tired, as I was, I could not help standing for a while to look at the magnificent panorama by which I was surrounded. Behind me lay the valley and the range that I had already crossed, and beyond that the long level plain dotted over with pretty villas standing amidst groves of orange trees or the Spanish chesnut, while the blue smoke from the City of Adelaide hung like a cloud over the distant horizon. Before me rose, one above the other, the ranges over which I had to pass, covered with a dense scrub and streaked here and there at intervals of a mile or so with the tracks that led to the various settlements beyond. To the left, as far as the eye could see, lay a tract of wooded hilly land as exten- sive, probably as half-a-dozen English counties; while to the right, at a distance of ten or a dozen miles, lay the Gulf of St. Vincent, with its blue waters looking in the light of the declining sun like moving waves of molten gold. It was three o clok in the afternoon—the very hottest hour of the day. All around me was still as death— so deep indeed was the silence that, after standing for few moments to gaze upon the waters of the Gulf, and wonder when they would bear me away again to my family and friends, I was absolutely startled by the rustling of a little lizard among the dry leaves beneath the trees. I could have remained on that hill for hours without growing weary of the scene, but the recollection of the strange horsemen was ever present to my mind, and I felt that, as matter of prudence, it would be far better for me to hurry on and avoid meeting them if possible in the scrub. I was obliged to go very slowly down the hill; the loose stones and the steep descent made the ground unsafe for my horse's feet. I had passed the second valley and reached the summit of the third range where I stopped for a second to see if I could make out the spot in the next valley where the path taken by the horse- men ran into my own track; for the landlord had told me that it was in the hollow before me that the two ways met. I had just polled up, when the report of a rifle reached my ears. It came from the direction of the valley in front of me. I could see the smoke rising among the trees, about a hundred yards apparently from the foot of the hill. At the same moment, too, a horse saddled and bridled, but without a rider, leaped from the scrub into the track and dashed down the hill to the valley where the road made a sudden turn to the left, and the animal disappeared. That there was foul play of some kind or other going on, and that the rifle which I had heard had been a messenger of death to the rider of the frightened horse, was a fact of which I had little doubt. That the murderer, too, was in the valley before me, and within rifle shot of the road which I had to follow was equally certain. I will not say that I did not feel rather afraid of going any further. I did certainly feel for one moment, but only for a moment, that it would be better to return. That feeling soon went. I had faced too many dangars in the battle-field, and been too much accustomed to fight against superior numbers to be de- terred from a journey of duty by the risk of meeting with one or two bushrangers. Besides, I had my revolver with me, and rode one of the swiftest horses in the colony. And then there was the possibility of my being able to rid the world of one of these scoun- drels by a well-aimed bullet from my pistol, and the further chance of my being able, perhaps, to save the life of the rider of that horse, for it was possible, of course, that he had merely been wounded. Without further hesitation, therefore, I determined to proceed and face the foe. Taking my pistols from the saddle-bag, and placing one in my breast and carrying the other in my hand, I started down the hill. I had dismounted from my horse and walked by her side, placing her between myself and the scrub on the right, in order that she might be a sort of rampart to stop a stray shot from any lurking villain that might be concealed among the trees. I knew that they would not wound a valuable horse like mine if they could help it. Indeed, it would most probably be for the sake of my horse rather than my purse that they would attack me it they should attack me at all. I trusted to the keeness of my own sight and the sureness of my aim with the revolver to protect me from any enemy on the left. Everything was as still as death; the silence seemed even more intense by contrast with the loud report of that solitary rifle and the sudden disappearance, at full gallop, of the riderless horse. There was something positively exciting in the very stillness of all around me, accompanied as that stillness was with the knowledge that it might be interruped at any moment by a fierce and terrible struggle for life. I was already half way down the hill: at present I had seen nothing to alarm me. Now, however, I was able to distinguish a slight break in the scrub on the right hand side, and at the very bottom of the hill, and here it was doubtless that the horseman's path joined my own. I felt sure of this because my own path made a sudden turn to the left at the same spot, and crossed the next range at a point half a mile or more to the left of my present position. If, therefore the two ways met, as the landlord had told me they did meet, in this valley they certainly met at the turn. And it was about a hundred yards or so on this side of the turn that the rifle had been fired and that the riderless horse had dashed out from the scrub. The danger therefore, if any danger whatever existed, was immediately before me. If I could once reach the foot of the hill, turn the corner and leave the strange horseman and the owner of the rifle behind me, I should be comparatively secure. With redoubled caution I con- tinued the descent. I was now within thirty yards of the spot where the rifle had been fired. Instinctively I clasped my revolver with a firm hand, and watched the right-hand side of the track more carefully even than the left. I was now within ten yards of the spot where the horse had dashed out, I could see the broken twigs he had left behind him, and the marks of his hoofs upon the soil. Naturally enough I looked along the opening that he had made in the bushes. And there, in that opening, or rather among the thick underwood on one side of the opening, crouching on his hands and knees was the figure of a man. He was moving back- wards into the scrub. From his manner I concluded that he had been watching me as I descended the hill and had retreated noiselessly into the scrub as I drew nearer, and that I had come upon him a second or two sooner than he expected. At any rate he was there, hidden too, for I could no longer see him, but that he was motionless I felt certain, for I should have heard any movement among the dry leaves. That the fellow was lying in wait for me I had not the slightest doubt; that he could see me although I was unable to see him was equally certain. I was at a loss what to do; to turn back was the only prudent thing, and yet my soldier's blood recoiled from the thought. It would never do, I said to myself, to let people say that Jack Sykes had been put to flight by a bushranger. And yet to go on and leave that fellow in my rear, with a loaded rifle probably in his hands would be sheer madness. So, there was but one resource left. I would beard the lion in his own den, I would enter the scrub and light the villain on his own ground. I knew the exact spot in which he lay concealed, and if I could but enter and hide myself, my chance would be at least as good as his own. These thoughts and this resolution had been but the work of a second. The man was about fifteen yards from the roadside, and some three or four yards lower down the hill than myself. I stopped. The branch of a large tree overhung teo road at the spot, and to this I tied the bridle reins of my Arab mare. Every moment I expected a shot from among the bushes, but the bullet would have had to pass through the body of my horse before it could have touched myself. Having made the horse secure and singled out a pretty large tree which stood near the road side on the right I passed quickly behind my horse, and with one bound reached the scrub, placing the tree between myself and the bushes among which the man lay. My chance was now quite as good as his own. I listened for a moment but no sound came from the direction of the bushes which concealed him; there were several large trees between us. Creeping among the underwood, and always keeping a tree between myself and the stranger I con- trived to get within six or seven yards of his hiding place, and now I could hear him too, moving slowly and quietly along thc ground. He was retreating into the scrub. Venturing to rise for a moment I caught sight of him; it was only for a second. He seemed to be retreating towards a very large gum tree a few yards beyond. I had no doubt that he intended to take aim at me as soon as he had sheltered himself behind the tree. I determined to forestall him. I rushed forward, pistol in hand, and caught sight of him again as he was in the act of turning round the tree. Without waiting a moment to challenge him, so sure was I that he had designs upon my life, I fired. The smoke prevented me from seeing for a few seconds, the result of the shot; when it cleared away, I saw that the man had disappeared. That he was not far off I was certain, for I had not heard him move; probably he was behind the large tree. Fearing that I had missed my aim, and expecting every moment a shot from behind the tree, I dropped upon my hands and knees among the brushwood, and there lay as still as death, watching the motion of every twig and listening for the slightest sound, as the cat watches and listens for the mouse. (To be continued.) 