iln|(Ifoi[iHualI($In[aittJi^ ?TUB LAUNCE8T0N TltlEB.' Let It be impressed upon your minds— let It be in MluVd luto your clilldrcn, that rim Libsstv np niarncislsilie palladium of a' the civlU politi cal, and religious right! ol an finguiliman.Jo Lus»T- wltli daiujer ts lobe pnferrea to tlavctl with security /—SkUXn. All commonloaUoni to Uit Editor lor Insertion In die CbrmcaU Chronicle must be autlifollcaKd nr the name and addreai of tbe writer, not uaaeuarilv -o- fiulillniloii. but an ? tuarantee ol lool faith. CorrefipondenU must write cuatmcUr, and on one eide of Hie iiaper only. We -io not lOrailly ouradTes with tot opinions of ouroorrefpondenta IV e cannot inueiuki to return refeotec communloa Uow. Mokdat, Htb April. Ji-[ Crornsm is again in tbo ascendant down eooUi, and tliis time bas ossnmed a niost extraordinary phase. Our read ers will scarcely bclierc liat the Hobsrt Town Mercury has become tho oppo nent of the famous Main Lino Bailwsy Bchemc. introduced br Government and passed tiirongh tbo Legislature during last session, under tbe special patronage and support of that journal ; but so it is. In a leading article publisbul on 4 th inst. Ministers arc especially urged to abandon their plan, and (o decline to enter into any contract with English capital ists, no matter what stage negotiations may bare reached. Our contemporary bos returned to the old idea advocated by him years ago, and now strongly en forces the proposal that the Main Line Railway should be constructed nnder Government, as a national work. This wob the view taken by ub from the first, and wchave cverconsistently adhered to it, bo wo presume our boBoms oaght to swell with honest pride At the thought of baring again secured bo influential a convert to our opinions. We should foel on immense amount of satisfaction at such a triumph, could wo be induced to believe our contemporary an acquisition ; but we fear be is likely to prove a source of weakness, rather than strength. He is as erratic and fluctuating as his name implies, his ideas expanding or con tracting, shifting and changing according to the condition of the political almos incre, eo that it is impossible to divine how long he may bo counted the sup porter of a particular caUBc. A couple of years ago he vat tho powerful advo cate of a national railway scheme. He then became the staunch supporter of Mr Chapman's Government ; and as a national railway scheme was beyond their capacity, and likely to cost them con siderable inconvenience, be aided them in attempting to foist off upon the pub lic a wretched expedient, in the chape if the measure of last session, which ivas heralded by him with a nourish of trumpets, as ' bold, practical, and com prehensive; the most feasible scheme that has yet boon suggested for tho ac complishment of a great public object.' This was our contemporary's opinion on the Uth September last, when he said, 'it behoves those who are largely interested in the Main Trunk Line to take steps at once to sustain the Government in the pro ject.' Tho Government and our con temporary were friends then, but within the past few weeds there has been a split in the camp, tho Premier and tho ' sole proprietor' have fallen out, and 60 onr contemporary bos commonced an opposition to the Railway scheme, and coolly asks tiio Ministry to repudiate all (or which they fought so hard last session. This is a bold stroke, and one which needs considerable justification ; bnt our contemporary is never badly off for an expedient. On this occasion he makes the gold fields,— which he has nersisteullv refused to believe in. — t sulking horse, and says :— ' Tho state of matters has been considerably changed. Government has observed what we sup ? pose wo must regard as a very prudent reticence as to what they have done ; and the indications of gold deposits, (riving bucIi fair promiso of rich gold fields discovered since the Railway Con struction Act received the sanction of Government, hare caused such a change in our prospects tint it is necessary to pause in furthor prosecuting our railway policy.' Tho casual wader would as sume from this (hat until lately onr con temporary had never heard of tho gold fields, but unfortunately for his consis tency we have before us an article nnder date 28th September last, wherein he reviewed tho business of a portion of tbo session, and in tho midst of a commenda tory poetical rhap6ody, 6cmiib rather to havcjmt his foot in it. We make use of a few 'italics in the following extract : — ' To tho period and work of this session will future Tasmanians refer as the turning point in the colony's history, when dccadcnco was checked and the seods of prosperity sown. The fortuitous discoveries of gold, not the will-o'-the-wisp light with which 'the color of gold' has so often deluded us, but the tangible real presence of the precious metal in payable quantities, and characteristic of several districts, are already stirring up our dormant faculties. The excitement is taking deep bold, tho ' yellow fever' is aiming the hot blood to course hastily through our veins, and tho weak- pulse, scarcely to bo felt, has cast aside its feeble beatings, and now its lusty throb indicates a more robust health than tho body politic of Tasmania has enjoyed for. fanny years. But we are not to be left to what has been done for us by nature, as tho samo may be evolved by chance. Our natural ndvantnges aro to be systematically developed ; our colo nial wealth to bo utilized. The colony, as represented by its constitutional Go vernment and Legislature, has become arouBed to Uie sense of its position and duty. It has resolved on an cftorl, a sacrifice, to attain a great future good. JVit credit oj the colony is to a cer(mn extent vlcdfred to provide the vieane of attaining a great end, and the wisdom of Parliament has pronounced favorably on the project submitted to it for opening up the colony by a main line of railway; giving the interior of the country benefits hitherto confined to favorable localities along tho 6ca board, or in our estuaries, bringing our agriculturists within speedy easy distance of our chief ports, and ren dering mom available the prcsunt markets, and opening up to them new ones. The Main Line It nil way scheme, so far as Parliament is concerned, may be considered safe, and we have the assurance of Government that they will exert themselves to have the 6chctuc ap proved of by tho capitalists of England, on whoso assistance the colony now relies for converting the object of a Railway Bill into an accomplished fact. This measure alone, asiisled as it pro mises so opportunely to be by the gold discmxriet,v\\\\\ stamp the present session of Parliament as what we call it— the most important in our history.' Our readers will be able to judge of the ad mirablo consistency of tho men who, having made tbo gold discoveries a strong ground for supjwrting the minis terial 6chemcf turn round and advance (lie same reason for abandoning it, rc commonding acourse which would expose tho Government and Parliament of the country to a charge of repudiation of the very blackest kind. We warned the country when the measure was first introduced that it was a mistake, and strongly expressed tbe opinion that it was but an expedient to bnrko tho railway question for a longer period, and in this it would seem wo wore not for wrong. Wo know not whether English capitalists can be found to Uiko up the challenge embodied in the Railway Bill but if so, we hold the Government and the country bound by every consideration of honor to carry the proposal out. Wo oro oppos ed to the Ministerial policy is unsound in principle, and likely to be productive of great ultimate loss to tho country, but we would rather see a few thousands squandered than hear it said that the Parliament of Tasmania bad etultiGod it sclfbcforethe world. Theschcme has been placed before European capitalists, has been talked of through financial circles, and it wonld be positive ruin to the future dealings of the colony in the money market of the world were the Government to repudiate their own po licy, and the Parliament its own act, when capital is offorcd in compliance with tbe conditions. We regret exceed ingly that such en act over passed the Legislature, but until it is proved to havo failed in the English market, we dare not attempt to abrogate it That it may fail is our earnest hope, and in that event wo shall be prepared to advocate the proper course ; but meanwhile we trnst Ministers will show themselves possessed of enough moral courage to decline the insidious and in famous advice now tendered to them. The Board of Management of the General Hospital at Hobart Town seems to be very unfortunately constituted, and to bo ever at war with some party or other, or within itself. The latest de monstration of hostilities has taken place over a matter respecting which there was little cause for any excitement, and the position assumed by the Board hoB only rendered it more contemptible than it has hitherto been, as it has con firmed public opinion in tbe belief that it is a mere tool in the hands of Govern ment, and ready to do the ministerial bidding however absurd or unjust it may be. The transactions of March last in regard to the King Billy scandal Bhowod this pretty clearly. On (hat occasion the Board helped the Government to work out a disgraceful political dodge, and they have shown their determina tion still to be the humble and obedient sorvants of the Executive, by deliber ately abrogating their own express re solution and doing an injustice to a faithful officer at the bidding of men who scorn bent upon tho abuse of a patronage, which by some anomaly in the regulations seems to be vested in them. To enable our readers to under stand the case thoroughly, it is necessary we should go back a little to the time when Dr. Miller retired from themanagc mentof tho Launccston General Hospital. At that time Dr. Turnlcy was Douse Surgeon of tho Hobart Town General Hospital, and through Borne unfortunate circumstance orolher,did not stand under very friendly relations wiUi one or two of tbo Honorary Medical staff. He felt his position an uncomfortable onc,nnd availed himself of the Launccston vacancy to apply for removal. His wishes were complied with, and ho came to the North the bearer of a very complimen tary certificate from tho Hobart Town Board. A vacancy was thus created at the Hobart Town Hospital, and the Government avowed their intention of appointing to it Dr. Covcrdalc, the principal of tho Queen's Orphan Asylum, the idea being to send to Eng land far atuoraughly qualified gentleman to toko charge of that institution. Until those arrangomonta could bo made, Dr. Covcrdale could not assume charge of the hospital, and it was nccc6Bary to appoint temporarily a Honse Surgeon. At this lime, Dr. Gcorgo 8tokell, who had formerly been a pupil in the hospital, returned from Europe, after haling completed his studies and taken the highest honors which tho colleges of England could bestow. He became, on applicant for tho appointment, and re ceived it on the understanding that he was only to hold jt from month to month. For seme reason or other the negotiations of the Gjverment wit gentlemen qualified for tho oBioo of Principal of the Queen's Orphan Asylum bave failed, and as Dr. Covcrdale is willing to remain in his present position. Government, for reasons best known to Utoiuselves, all at once thought it desirable to disturb the arrangements which havo prevailed for two years past at the General Hospital, Ilobart Town, and to make the post of Honse Snrgeon once more a pcrmnncnt nppointment. Under tho regulations by which tho institution is governed, a curiouB ano mally exists : the Board of Manage ment nominate, tho Government ap points, and tho Board of Management alone have the power of dismissing. Under these circumstances the Govern ment colled on the Board to nominate a gentleman for the approval of tho Governor- in-Council, and by a majority of one Hie Board nominated Dr. George fitokell. Tho natno of Dr. Turuloy was submitted, and although every member of the Board present may have felt that ho was possibly tho most experienced candidate, still as ho hail left the ap ))ointmcnt before to suit his own con venience, as Dr. Stokoll was eqnally well qualified, nnd had creditably filled the office for two years, a sense of jus tice carried Oio day in favor of that gentleman, and (lie Board recommended him. Now comes tho most singular part of the story. It seems tho Govern ment had previously pioinised tho ap pointment to Dr. Turnlcy, and eo the following letter was forwarded to the Chairman of the Board :— Colonial Scirctiiry's Office, lit April, 1 870. Sin, — In accordance with the tenor of my comniunlcntlon of the 25tli ult., the nomina tion liy Ilic Hoard of Management of Dr Slokcll for the appointment of Resident Medical (Juicer of the General Ho.pllul, Ho bart Town, was yesterday considered in Executive Council, and I have now the lionor to inform you that the Governor-in-Council is not prepared to confirm the Board's nomi nation, I liavc consequently to request tfiat the subject may be again brought under con sideration 01 on early date. I have the honor to be, Sir, Your very obedient mrrvnnt. J. it. WILSON. The lion. A. Kennerley, M.L.C., Chairman of the Board of Management, General Hospital, lloburt Town. On receipt of this letter tho Chairman called a special meeting, at which some very violent speeches were made and charges of political toadyism were freely bandied, (lie upshot being that the Board by the casting vote of the Chairman, rescinded its former resolution, and did the bidding of the Executive, by shelv ing Dr. Slokcll and nominating Dr. Turnlcy. We have thus given a plain statements of the facts, avoiding any re ference to the professional gentlemen in volved. Against neither of them can a word truthfully bo said. The successful candidate is a man of long experience, great scientific knowledge, gentlemanly bearing and courteous manner, the very man for such a post, and had there been no claimant in the field having an equit able right to it, wo should gladly have supported the Board's nomination, but in the present instance we consider that a gross injustice has been done. We fully agree with Mr Sbechy, when he seid — ' lu the present case Dr Turnlcy voluntarily abandons a claim ; at Mb own request he was removed from (his institution ; Dr Coverdalc was appointed permanent medical officer with DrStokcll temporarily, to fill the post. Dr Stokell continues for two years, and I regard it to have becorao in the nature of a per manent appointment truly and in equity, and it was looked on as such.' There can be no doubt that this is tho true state of the case, and vie foel quite sure no member of tbo Board can reconcile tho lost resolution arrived at, with a conscientious discharge of duty as be tween man and man. Wo regret ex ceedingly that such an unfortunate epi sode should have occurred ; it is by such pntlis that the institutions of the colony sink into contempt. Turning from this particular case let us ask whether it be prudent to make such ap pointments as those of resident medi cal officer at onr hospitals permanent at all? We believe it is an unsound principle, especially when, as in this in stance, the institution is under tho immediate control and manage ment of an honorary medical staff, numbering the very best skill available in the capital city. We have a number of young men growing up around us intended for the medics profession, and we incline to believe that it would enlarge the sphere of their experience, render them more useful in the future, and tend to induce them to settle in Tasmania when their studies have ended and they have obtained their diplomas, were they given to understand that, on a vacancy occurring, (hey might serve, 6ay a couple of years, in the posi tion of a resident medical officor in one of the colonial hospitals. It is ques tionable, indeed, whether a noviciate of this kind is not indispensable to make the young doctor a successful colonial practitioner. Emerging from tbe col leges and hospitals of Europe into a country possessing a different climate, and called upon to treat disease nnder different conditions, such an experience as a colonial hospital would afford, could not fail to bo useful aliko to the practitioner and tho public who are to be his future patients, and in this light we think it very desirable (hat these advantages should be available to young Tas manians returning to practice their profession in the colony. Under tho honorary medical EtarT of tho Hobart Town hospital the advantage would be very great, and an inducement would be afforded our young men of talent to return to us, in tbo prospect of a fixed appointment lor a couple of years, while feeling their way to enter into practice on their own account. This is the policy wo should liko to see adopted in reference to these institutions, We feel certain it would work beneficially. New NonFoi-K Horn.— A fricnil raiding at New Norfolk, lins forwarded to m n cou. pic of samples of pressed hops of the present year's, growth, which arc well worthy inspec tion by connoisseurs. The first samplo is from Mr Riddock'n garden, Turin' Lodge, and is part of a very cxcclleut crop, which has found a good market, the whole having been sold at a first-rati price. The second munplc is from the estate of R. C. Head, Esq. known as Rcdlands, one of the moat exten sive and complete In the New Norfolk dis. trict. Mr Head had a few pockets of tbesc liopi left some days ago, but the bulk of his crop, also, has realised well. These tainplcB have been sent, not with a view of seeking a market, but as presents to a. gentlcmnu con nected with this journal, who had frequently reported specially on the New Norfolk hop gardens for a southern contemporary, and the object of the sender U to show him the progress which has been made In the system of drying and nocking the hops. As the Vic torian firm which lias hitherto dealt bo largely In this product of our colony, is now out of the market, however, tt nuy be that in fu ture seasons Tasmantan hops will be availa ble to Tasmanlanj, and we sbalt, therefore, be Tcy happy to exhibit the samples to any who may (eel sufficiently Interdict! to favor UlwthBCaU; Stuck Fast. — On Saturday afternoon a four-horse waggon heavily laden with wheat passing up Wellington-street, opposite the Court-house, when steering too far to the right it stuck fast in the side-drain recently dis- urbed when the contractor was improving the underground drainage. Two additional horses were hitched on, and some of the earth dug away opposite the sunken wheels, but the six horses could not move the waggon an inch. Four horses were then taken out, and attachcd to the hind part of the waggon, and the two shaft horses hacked, in the hope of extricating it by that process, but without avail. The waggoner then commenced un- loading the wheat, and after removing some twenty or thirty bags the horses succeeded in moving the waggon. This is the second waggon we have seen stuck up in the same place. The first one was loaded with bark, which, also had to be unloaded. If the dri- vers would keep their teams on, or near the crown of the road, these accidents could not occur. Accident at a Street Grating.— Two uoys were raising a street grating in Lowcr S'oTk-*tTeei on Saturday vuotvivhb, when U fell on the right foot of one of them, Wm YVoodhcad, injuring it so severely that he woa at once removed to the General Hospital. Shooting. — The Government prlzcB won by members of Ihc Launccston Volunteer Rifle Corps at tho butts lout week, will probably he distributed on the Queen's birthday, 2Ub proximo. The SILVER CHALLENGE CUP.— The list of entries for the next competition at rifle .hooting, for the I,. V. A. silver challenge rap, will close on Wednesday next, and the Bring at the butts will commence on Wed. iicsday, the 201h, and be continued on Satur iay, the 23rd Instant. The winners will not enter for this competition; provided there ?re twenty non-winners on the list. ADVERTISEMENTS.— We should feel obliged to advertisers If they would forward their manuscript to this office as early as possible on publication nights. We frequently have advertisements brought to us even after mid night, and though we have not hitherto de clined them they ore only inserted at great A ConuEcnoK.— In publishing Mr J. Cosmo Newberry's report on an analysis of magnetic black sand in our lost Issue, a couple of mistakes occurred. For ' bitum nifcrous — wilhplconassc' read titatufcrous— * with pic onastc. Gallant Rescue of a Lad from Drown- ing. — George Braithwaite, the wounded sea- man who so gallantly rescued the boy Asdell from drowning on Tuesday, returns his Bill' cere thanks to those persona who subscribed £5 2s, Ihc sum collected for him by Captain Wetton'mll. IMC. Two TnocsAxn Head of Cattle late flood in the Richmond River District N.S.W., was the highest ever known there. There lias been sod havoc among the herds of Messrs GInird, at Dunganabha station; they counted 1300 head of cattle drowned, and expected to find their loss amount to fine bulls. C50 were found in one heap, and 47 carcases were taken out of the framework of a house In course of erect Ion. Shell Practice with the Howitzers.— The gun detachments of the Launccston Volunteer Artillery Corps will proceed to Stcphcnson's Bend on Easier Monday — this day week— and from tho regatta ground there, practice at a floating target moored In the river. The howitzers will be so placed that the shells will be discharged in the di rection of Haystack Point. The Bruce Auction.— Mr W. F. Wa then, the indefatigable Secretary to the Me chanics' Institute, has been collecting stock for the great sale to some purpose during the week, aud the committee have wisely deter mined to postpone the commencement of the sale to Tuesday week, the 17th instant. The public are only commencing with their donations, aid have scarcely warmed to the work yet. Another week Is absolutely ne cessary, to enable them t? look up the ten thousand and one articles, useless to present owners but valuable to other pcrsonB, now lying about In holes and comers. The Evangelist.— We have received copies of the Evangelist up to the 1st instant. That dated I stMorch contains an interesting article on ' Recent Conversions,' with reference to those -n which the Rev. Mr Taylor was In strumental. The leading article in the last number Is upon ' Public Uoubcs,' and they all contain local news highly interesting to those concerned in the progress of religion hi this colony. The Melbourne Monthly Book Cir- cular. — We have received Mr George Robert- son's Monthly Book Circular, dated the 30th (larch, and Und Ihc very titles of the new a-orks, catalogued or advertised, a source of imuscmcnt or interest. Tennyson's ' Holy 3r-n.il' takes the lead, followed by ' Mra Stowc's Reply to her Critics i' ' Men, Women, mdGhosts,' by Elizabeth Btuart Phclps ; and :nding with ' The Last of the Tasmanians.' The AosriiALiAK Jouunal— We have re vived a copy of the monthly part of this entertaining and beautifully illustrated jour nal for April. The sensational talc—1' His N'atural Life,' by Marcus Clarke, is advanced to the end of the fourteenth chapter, which includes the first hook, and the story liccoincs more interesting each chapter as it idranccs. ' The Trapper's last Trail' is Uso a most Interesting talc to the general reader, while ' Ruth Mall,' ?? Lore, Fame, md Death,' 'My Lodger,' 'The laviiM' Page,' &c;, make the April number one of the liest yet out. Messrs. Walch Brothers arid nirchall arc the local agents. The Exopub Fnou South; AusmALiA.^ The crodus of South Australian settlers to Victoria ts thus referred to by a corrcspon knt of the Register : — ' Narraeoorte is get ting quite lively, and puts us In mind of the old times when the people were all going to the diggings. The stream of drays and wag gons, which was until lately of an Intermit tent character, has now become constant, and a string of four or fire teams, with men, women, and children, may dally he seen wending their way to Victoria. These men all Bay they would not go over the bor der even if the land was put up at a tar higher price than that In Victoria ; but like poor Joe, they must keep moving on, as there is nothing to be got here, and not likely to he at present. By far the greater portion of these emigrants have the appear ance of men possessing the means and abilty to take up land and work it, provided, as they are, with good horses, &c.;' Died on the Roadside. — A poor man travelling with Ills mate, died on the Lcvcn Beach a few dayB ago. He was a labouring man, named C&llaghan;, and had been ailing for some time. How to Eradicate Sorrel — Many farmers in Tasmania are greatly annoyed by the overgrowth of the acid weed known as sorrel. We stayed at Bradshaw's, tho comfortable little lodging house near the Piper's River bridge a few evenings ago, and while enjoying a pipe, that veteran settler gave us an account of some of his experi ences as an agriculturist. lie tells us that he has frequently been plagued by lorrol In various districts, and that it has Bovcral times overrun tho land bo as to reader It useless, lie «a.y& he has. eAvraym sot rid of. It successfully by sowing a good crop of peas. He tells us that the peas effectually eradi cate the sorrel, and greatly improved the land (or wbeat. This is a wrinkle worth the attention of farmers. The Surrender of Regan.— Mr. Coulter, Superintendent of Police, considering that no time should be lost in conveying Regan to Westbury, where the witnesses in the case are to be examined, had his prisoner remanded before n magistrate ot the territory »nd Mart Ml by the Dcloralnc break early on Friday morning to deliver up tho accused to tbo custody of (he Munlci]ial Police at West bury. Regan certainly has not the appear ance of a murderer. His countenance Ib frank, open, nnd free from nny symptoms of ferocity. He chatted freely on the way to Wcstbury of his journey loSIlwoodou Tues day week, and said ho had no intention to harm his wife when he look hia knife out to fill his pipe aflcr (riving her sister, Kllen I,ynani, the reins to hold, hut when the quar rel arose ho struck at her with hU knife. He Btatcd that he had only a few pears and apples to cat from that fatal night until he surrendered. He nlno staled that he arrived near Prospect Village next moinlng, and had wandered about lliul locality ever since, only having spoken during that time to two men who were looking for cattle. Most of his talc lm» since been ascertained to be untrue. The police liave since dis covered the murderer's lair, and In it the knife with which he slabbed his wife to death. The locality is one where he might have lain safely concealed fur months, pro vided he hod food to subsist on. In a small paddock belonging to Mr. U. Keene, to the right of Wellington Road, on the way up the Sandhill, stands a stack of straw, at one end of which is an old threshing machine. The fugitive crouched under the threshing ma- chine, then removed some straw from the stack and burrowed in the hole as safe as a rat. The odour of the place after some nine days and eight nights lodging in it, was dreadful when the police explored it, and found some apples, pears, and a large single- bladcd knife open in this mephitlc den on Saturday. The knife is of a very common description, used by nearly all the laborers on the railway for various purposes— cutting tobacco and victuals being the chief, but when open, the spring being BtffT, it is as formidable a weapon as a bowic knife The blade of the knife Is stained and rusted, and it is believed that the stains and rust arc partly caused by blood Whether Regan subsisted by means of robbing Mr. Keene's garden of fruit at night, or whether sympa ttilscrs conveyed food to him, has not been ascertained, though the whole of the facts arc likely to ooze out by degrees. The dif ficulty at present is to sift the limited amount of truth known from the large amount of fiction with wllch it ha; been jumbled up. It appears that Father Walsh ('id not go to meet Ilcgan by appointment and on the un derstanding tliat Regan would surrender. We were led into that error by the extreme reticence of the Rcr. Mr. Walsh, who did not choose to state the circumstances under which he and Regan met, and left those to be inferred from the nature of the statements made by Regan. The press hi hardly to blame for such errors as these. When clergymen arc brought into contact with criminals in such a manner as that their names must be mentioned ; they ought, In order to prevent iiiiBstatements, to relate briefly to the police so much as they may consider it desirable the public should know respecting their share in the matter, and then all outside rumours would he excluded. Rumors respecting Regan and Ins place of concealment liavc been current in all parts of the country as well as town. A corrcs rcspondenl writing to us from the Forth, says : — ' Regan, the murderer fa at Ihc Forth, somenhcrc withina mile from the bridge, waiting hiB chance to escape by a ves sel. Mr M. Mahoney lias been most inde fatigable in his elforls to trace the exact whereabouts. I had privatcinforination that he thinks of giving himself up, hoping that he might gel off more lightly. Ills friends litiTc arc uo t very stauDcli. A nmu told me he was talking to him yesterday morning. There is little doubt we will gel him in cub. tody before many days.' llut none of the affect the evidence taken at the Inquest, showing how and by whom Emma Rcgau was stabbed to death. The MiiuoniAL Cucrtcii.— At the autum nal meeting of the Council of the Congre gational Union and Mission of Victoria, held at Gcclong on the 5th inst., a letter was read from Mr 11. Hopkins, of Ilobart Town, stating Iliat it is Ihc intention to erect a memorial church, in Hobart Town, to the memory of the late Her I'. Miller, the first Independent minister in the colonies, and asking the union to bring the matter before the congregations, with n view of obtaining slight contributions. The cost of the church and land would be rs.oml, and there was £:l,2U0, besides the land, in liaud. It was decided lo request the executive committee tions on the subject. Mn Walteii Douglas at tke Towk Hall. — According to appointment Mr Wal ter Douglas preached twice at the Town LIn.ll yesterday, and on each occasion he was at tentively listened to by a large congregation. The cruilng services at the Town Hall arc, we believe, to be continued cadi evening during the present week. Saturday cxccptcd. The Her. D. Allen.— The Ilcv. D. Allen was announced to preach at the Harrington Btrcct Baptist Cliapcl yesterday morning. During the evening Borv.cc the rile of adult baptism was to be administered. The Rcr D. Allen is to give an address at the People'is Hall, BathurBt-fitrccl, Hobart Town, at 6.15 this evening. Ttie General Cnuncn Fund.— The Her. ITcnry Plow Kane, Hccrctary (o the Finance Committee of the Northern Archdeaconry, has addressed a very sensibly written letter ' to tbe members of (he Church of Knglaud in the Archdeaconry of tauncostoti/'showing the necessity for supplementing the stale endow ment of £1,200, in order to pay tho salaries of fourteen clergymen. The salary of a parochial clergyman is very moderate — £200 a year, with £50 for horse and £50 for rent, where there is no parsonage. Two of the missionary curates only receive £175 a year. But even at these low salaries, the finance of the requisite amount U- raise from other sources tlmn the state. Mr. Kane respect fully urges all who care for (he honor of their Church to give liberal donations at the Raster collections, or send what they can Bparc direct lo the treasurer, Hichard Green, Kbo.. We hoi-e to find that Mr. Kane's timely suggestions have been wisely and widely octal upon. Wmcino, DnEAMiNa, and Sleeping.— We understand Hint the Theatre Royal will be opened on Easter Monday, when the Brothers Brandt will appear in entertainments made up of Mirth, Music, nud Mystery, ana en titled ' Waking, Dreaming, and Bleeping.' The first part will consist of a protean enter tainment in which Edward llrandt will sus tain utac distinct characters, involving nine rapid changes of dress and foetal make-up. The second part will consist of a musical skit sung in character hy George llrandt. Tho third Is tho most astounding porlion of the entertainment, and quite new in tills colony, hclng entirely of a clair-voyantc character. 'Supernatural Vision' is its title, and in it a mysterious personage known as Kcllle llrandt, the sightless seer, de tuonstraUiB and proves hr numerous experi ments that cycB arc by no means licccssary adjuncts to sight. Prom what we can gather of Miss Nellie's ability In astonishing the natives of Victoria, we hare no doubt she Is quite competent to astonish and mystify the natives of this colony. The Crops at Torquay.— Our Corres- pondent writes a very poor account of the crops in thh. district. He Bays,— ' It is feared that the entire polnloe crop will he a failure, owing to Ihc grub : already a fourth part has hecn duslitiycd by II. The first shontr of rain »e have been blessed wills for mouths is falling.' tHE POPULATION OF LYNDHURST.—Our special reporter has given some interesting particulars respecting the growth of the township of Iplidhmit, hut while referring to the reduction of the population consequent upon the Great Tasmania]! snindle.and other discouragements, he hns omitted to Chronicle its increase in a very intcrcBling way. Be It known to our readers, then, that tliere liavc beeu three Urtlmat Lyudhurst within thppaflt few wetikH-el! Rlrls. One of the children is since dead, but the others arc iu good health. The fEcuMEN.cAL CofNrtL.— The Guar dian ot December 29 etalcs Unit two official lists have been published at Rome— one, of theporsori6'(qui\ius jus aut privilegiuni cut sedendi in condlln ,' the otlicr, of thow who Ua\c actually came to take their seats. TUe first oompriics 1014 names, being 65 cardi nals, 11 patriarchs, 921 primates, archbishops, and bishops, G abbots nulliui, 22 mitral ab bots,and SDgCDornle of monastic orders. Outlic second list only 7G2 names figure, being those of 61 cardinals, 9 patriarchs, G47 primates, arohblebopB, and bishops, C abbols nu//iu«, SI mitred abbots, and 28 generals of monastic orders. Consequently 282 fathers nrc absent, of whom 274 arc archbishops or bieliopB. Intkiuibtino to Biii;ki'-Ouskkb.~TIic Chief Inspector of Sheep notifies for the in formation of sheep-owners, through our 'nd vcrllsing columns, that contributions to the ' Scab Act Fund' of £1 or under, will be re ceived in postage stamps, if forwarded to his ofDce through the post by registered letters. The Govebsor,— The Mercury of Satur day says: — The favourite river steamer Monarch, Captain Wise, left the Frauklin Wliiirf about seven o'clock yesterdny morn ing for Norfolk Bay to convey back His Excellency the Governor, and the lion Mre DuCanc, who, on Monday last, accompanied by Mr Chiclicster, the Private Secretary, and Mr 'Bclstcad, the Governor's Secretary for the penal establishments, went on a visit to Tasman's Peninsula. The vice-regal party were to have embarked at 11 o'clock in the forenoon. The weather at Iliat time, and, Indeed, throughout the day was most unfavourable and the embarkation was in consequence delayed till the afternoon lit the hope that the rain would pass awny. At four o'clock the Monarch was signalled as being then in Opossum Day, and it was dusk before Ilobart Town was reached. Instead of coming into port, the Monarch proceeded round to Government House pier, where the vicc-rcgal party landed, and the afonnrch then continued her route to New Norfolk. Tttc Esglisu Mail.— The Telegraph Office was opened last night, aud up lo 10.45 p.m. there was no sign of the branch South Australian Mall at Glenclg. have received from the publisher, Mr Henry Thomas, of Melbourne, a copy of Ihc second edition of the ' Kicursl. mints' Guide to Tas mania,' a work which it is his intention to puhllshannually. The volumccontoinsalargc amount of interesting matter respiting the lions of our colony, combined with much useful information. Sonic uf the contributed articles are exceedingly well written, nolalily the description of the routes to WaUrhouse and the Den gold-fields. The principal chapters nrc, however, extracted from lead Ing Australian and Tasmuninu journals. The book is one which tourists will (1 id ex ceedingly useful. 