WB& m& gmn»| ! i ? ? . ' : - . ?' ? . . A Fireside Xjrhost— A hob-goblin. - A Nameless Deed — An unsigned will. HomoeopathicDiet for « Racer — ATabfed Oat. Die house— An hospital Nature's weapons — Blades of grass. : ; Imaginary scholars — The pupils of your eyes. When is a newspaper the sharpest? — When it is filed. - ^ ? ^ Necessity has no law, but an uncommon number of lawyers*- . ? . The child who cried-for an hour didn't get it. fiMa,'' said _a little five-year-old the other day, 'are there any drippingflies as well as butterflies?' 'Ti . A man being asked why he talked to himself - candidly answered, 'Because I like to converse with a man of sense.' - ; 'A real, gentleman, 'said an Irishman one day, *' is one ; that never earned a haporth for himself or any one belonging to him. ' r A Scotch lady, who was discomposed by the introduction of gas, asked, with much earnest ness, 'what is to become of the poor whales ?' Why are the volunteers like Nelson ? —Be cause the last thing lie did was to die for his couBtry, and that is just about the last thing they'll do. A grocer in the suburbs,' when complained to about selling bad eggs, saicl, 'At this time of yea-r~ the :hens'are notv well, and often lay bad eggs.' ';My dear,' said a cross-grained husband to his long-suffering wife, ' do you intend to make afopl of ane?' ''No, my love; nature has saved me that trouble:' ' That's very singular,'^ said a young lady to a gentleman whos had. just, kissed her. 'Oh, well, my dear ' misS',* was the reply, ' I will make it plural '' and he did. A *fag, .passing by a house which had been almost consnmed by fire, : enquired whose it was. Being told that it was a hatter's. 'Ah,' said he, ' then the loss will be felt.' An innkeeper observed a postillion with only one spur, and enquired the' reason. 'Why, what would.be the use of another?' said: the postillion; 'if one side of the horse goes the other cannot stand stilL' \- ' The first chapter in a Western novel has. the following ^— 'All of a sudden ]the fair, girl con tinued to sit on the band gazing upon the briny deep, on whose heaving bosom; the tall ships went merrily by, freighted— ah ! who can tell with how much of joy ani sorrow, and pine and lumber and emigrants * and hopes and salt fishi' A lady, in passing through a village, observed the following notice on a board :- — ' Horses taken in to grass. Long tails, 3s. 6d. ; shoit tails, 2a.' She asked the. owner of the land the reason of the difference of price. Fe answered, 'You see, ma'am, the long tails can brush away the flies ; but the short ones are so tor mented by them that they ' can hardly eat at alL' A greenhorn went to a menagerie, where an ouranj outang particularly struck his attention. 'Several gentlemen were conversing, about the animal, one pit whom expressed the opinion that it was' a lower order of the human species. The countryman did. not like this idea, and, striding up to the gentleman, expressed his contempt for it thus—' Pooh 1 pooh ! he's no more human species than I be.' Puotnothe Flash Our. — The Kev. Thomas Allen, who was the first minister of the church inPittefield, Massachusetts, was at the battle of Bennington, and carried a musket. Once, when asked whether he actually killed any man in Bennington, he replied he did not know; bat observing' a'^flash often repeated from a certainTbush, and that it was generally followed by the fall of one of Stark's men, he fired that way and put the flash out. The following conversation lately : took place at a Coroner's inquest on the body of a man found drowned:— Coroner — Did you know the defunct? Witness— Who's he? Coroner Why, the dead man. Witness — Yes. Coroner — Intimately? Witness— Werry. Coroner — How otton have you been in -company with him? Witness — 'Only once. Coroner — Do you call that intimate 7 Witness— Yes, for he was drunk,'.«nd Iwas very druxft^ and ithat made 'usliMe iwo brothers, ?? -?= ? ,; - f ?; -. i A poor Irishman' applied to a, magistrate for Telief, and. upon some doubts beingexpressed as to whether he was a proper object for paro chial relief, he enforced ' his' suit with' much earnestness. ' Och'T ? yer honor,' . said .' he, 'sure I'd be starved 'long since but for my cat.' 'But .for what?' asked the astonished magistrate. ** My cat,' rejoined the Irishman. 'Your eat— how so?' 'Sure, yer honor, I sould her eleven times for sixpence a time, and she was always 'home before I could get there myself.' 