RANDOM SHOTS. By a Volttnteek. So Parkes has given up the ghost (of Kiama). . Poor Parkes ! Peace to his ashes ! That he will lie still is but a fair inference from his past liabilities. In this does our consolation lie. \ Peace to thee, Parked! If thy loss be not felt by thy country, at least the widow and the orphan will have reason to mourn over thy losses. Peace to thee, Parkes ! Great shall be thy fame among thy people ; for, greater destruction than thou hast brought about, could not have been effected by a dozen Parks — of artillery. What was the secret of thy success brave jrances r vv as it tnai every suot 111 in v iuukux was lifted P What dost thou say ? Ask my ghostly father ? Ah ! Parkes ! Would that I could see thy ghost lie farther !; — Never let thy ghost rise again from its grave; keep thy gliost down and keep thy spirits up, and thou mayest yet — get to heaven ! I'm not joking Parkes ! The thing is just within the limits of possibility. What on earth can be the matter with the members of the Press and those of the Legal Profession ? What have they been doing that they should stand so awfully in need of clerical assistance ? Have the reporters been forming too intimate an acquaintance with the printer s devil, and' do they stand in need of an exorcist? Have the barristers all been drunk at the bar and do they require absolu tion? What have they been doing to call forth, that announcement which appeared in the Herald of Tuesday last, an announcement of which the following is a copy : — TO THE PRESS and the LEGAL PROFES SION. — A Gentleman who has had con siderable experience upon the Press, having some leisure time at his disposal, is open to ENGAGE MENT, when additional clerical assistance may be required. The fellow that penned this, is a few years in advance of his age. He is-useless just now. By and bye, when the Divorce Bill lias passed and the legal profession can pave the way for extra clerical work in the matrimonial, depart ment, the advertiser may find employment. There is one Bailey .of the family of Old Bailey who might then be glad of his services. So Docker is to goto the Post. I was going to say well ! let her ; but I believe Docker is not exactly an old woman, so that would be bad grammar. But, . you know, wlien one talks of going to tlie post, one na turally thinks of a let her. For my own part, I should-. .have, thought the hon.. gentleman better adapted for the post of Harbour Mas ter than for that of Master of the Post, be cause, you see, it nearly always happens that, when a ship conies into port, the owners want to send her somewhere to Dock her. There was a fearful scene at the Opera House on Wednesday last. An unfortunate individual, a tanner by trade, was besieged by upwards of a hundred young ladies, all wanting to marry him. At least so the re ports in the morning' papers of Thursday told us. They said that more than this number went to 'Maritana.' I wonder the unfortu nate tanner didn't run away and hide himself for ever. I'd have done so had I been in his skin. But I wasn't. People, used to be very enthusiastic about ' Aulct Lang Synne.' They are in a better mood, comparatively speaking, just now. The enthusiasm, at this moment, seems to be all about Auld Lang (ye) Synner. 'Tis a lang time ye've be'n langing for that loot Dr. Lang ! And you may bless your stars, old iboy, that you got it. Dr. Lang will never again have to put up with short commons. And that's about the long and short of the whole matter. So .Raphael has lost the mare's race. I'm not surprised. She's plenty of pluck has Raphael, but then, you see, she is a bit of a roarer. , By the by, this puts me in mind of a horrible perpetration which I heard the other day. I was asked why old Raphael was like the Sydney Morning Herald ? Of course I gave it up. And what do you think the an swer was ? Because he's aurora ! I won dered the answer did'nt down upon me at once. But to return to the race. Every body who had seen Eaphael at a public meet ing knew that she was a roarer, and looked upon her running as merely a oaks. I detec ted it at first sight. At second sight too I gave my preference to Chapman. \ The financial bugbear will be no difficulty to the new Ministry. Sir James having got Windeyer will have no difficulty in raising the dust. But be cautious Sir James. If the Ministry gets Windeyer, mind you don't go lip in a balloon. Or if you do, be sure you take a Driver with you. Then, blow it ! (the balloon I mean) let the wind, blow you where it likes. I don't suppose your loss will be any blow to the country. Or if you fear a collapse, take David with you. He can always inflate himself at a moment's notice, find he is a man of so little weight and has so I much of the kite in his composition (you [ know kites are birds of prey !) that he will never be a tumbler. Besides you know there was a time when he almost lived up iE1 a balloon. He's used to it. ? There is a very old sophism which is sxrp» posed to proye that a plum-pudding is better than heaven. The syllogism runs thus. Nothing is better than heaven ; but a plum-' pudding is better than nothing ; therefore, a plum-pudding is better than heaven ! That is a very old fallacy indeed. I have a. new one. Mine proves that a fellow may go to a worse place than hell. Indeed mine isn't a fallacy at all ; it is a self-evident proposition - One sees its truth by intuition. Here you are. It is a bad thing, to go to hell ; but it is a worse thing to go to Heller. Isn't that a fact? So, keep away from the School of Arts my Christian friends ; keep away, I conjure you. 