SEMAPHORE BEACH. THE KETCH RACE. If anything could be desired to sliow indis putably there are some nautical spirits in our midst it was the enthusiasm displayed over the ketch race, a matter which has been for many months thought of, talked of, and there is every reason to believe dreamt of by some of the competitors. The ketches, be it understood, are of foreign build, imported by spirited men from Tasmania, to fill a want long felt of a trading craft suitable to make light voyages with safety and celerity.^ They have at various times been added to the intercolonial fleet until the number reached half-a-dOzen, and as each accession was made her master was pre pared to swear by the craft as superior to all that came before. This state of affairs lasted for a long period, and much beer was discussed in arguing the points of sailing as each sup ported his own peculiar view of the case. A Secretary was appointed some time ago, and the 28th fixed as the day when a proper trial of sailing powers should be made. Not in the river, where shoals and banks rendered it more a matter of chance as to who should come in first, but the Semaphore anchorage was ap pointed as the very best place possible for the contest. Meanwhile the points of the boats continued to be a matter of earnest discussion. Some were supposed to have too full bows, and others too full sterns 5 some had not sufficient beam, while others too much centre-board. The owners were liberal in . their expenditure 'upon their craft, and generally positive as to the result, the winner alone being quiet even to taciturnity, but "actions speak louder than j words," as it proved as the skysail-yarder was distanced by the "Crest." The whole the vessels are fine well-built craft of about 40_to 53 tons, with immense beam compared with length, and although very flit in the floor are griped to windward by means of a powerful j centre' board. The Bpars they carry are very taunt, and some idea of the spread of canvas may be gleaned from the fact that one gafftop sail had in it over one hundred yards. No race for years has created such a fever, and there being no restriction as to numbers carried, this was taken full advantage of, and in some there were lots of the upper crust of Port society, who had of course chosen the favorite. In another the jolly old Harbor-Master distinguished himself by taking charge, and in the writer's recollection of 15 or 16 years' beat sailing it was his first losing race, and he did not by any means like it, for his craft, the Adonis, had a new suit of sails, and altogether looked like a clipper amongst the fleet. Scattered about amongst them might be observed agents and owners, schoolmasters and publicans, with a fine sprinkling of "clerks and captains, all ready to take a pull at haulyards or sheets, or what was preferable, a good pull at tbe creature comforts, which seemed to be without stint. Doubtless there have been races between Cam bria and Sappho, Black Maria and American, aud other notable yachts of the old world, which in a way have attracted attention, but this same race between the Port Adelaide ketches was a popular affair, in_ which every man, woman, and child in and | about the Port seemed to have some stake, and, in consequence, on "Wednesday morning scarcely had day broke before some vehicles made headway for the beach. It was not a loveable morning, for before the snn rose a bank of lurid clouds away over the hills gave promise of a scorcher; and the wind from about N.E. came dewn in fitful puffs, bringing un pleasant clouds of dust. Even those dis agreeables were of no avail in preventing crowds of people from seeking the beach, and scarcely ten words of conversation passed without some comment on the event of the day. Shortly after 6 o'clock the amusements commenced, when one or two having anchored on a short scope, drove, and were compelled to make sail to beat up again to position. Then, as the | day wore on, the jetty became crowded ; the booths on the beach hoisted flags, and at tention began to centre in the half a dozen com petitors who were at anchor off the jetty, aud soon that tormentor to all river sailers (the Swallow) appeared, just as saucy as ever, and presuming on her sailing prowess to poke fun at everybody. On board her might easily be noted the only true yachtsman in. the colony, I who has laid himself out for the noble sport, and pays attention to it when apart from his forensic pursuits. However, it is lime to describe the course, which was a distance of j about 20 miles, described by a line from the jetty to the light-house, thence to a seaward buoy west from Wonga bank, from there to a buoy south of tbe T-head, and returning to tbe pier, but to commence the second round of precisely the same limits, to win at the jetty end. Very properly there were but few restrictions, the craft to start from own anchors and passing buoys on the port hand; but shortly before the time appointed the Sailor Prince was found to have sprung a leak, and it was feared would relinquish the cruise. Like all British sailors, however, Beed was not to be easily beaten, and finding she only leaked on the starboard tack he slung one of his hands in a bowline and caulked the seam most cloverly, and at the appointed time took up his position. It was a matter of annoyance that the mark bueys were not earlier placed, but this was easily got over, and at 11 o'clock the craft were ranged into position with springs on cable?, as follows :— Crest of the Wave, sailed by Mortess ... 1 Fleetwing, sailed by Russell 2 j Dashing VVave, sailed by Korf ...' ... 0 Adonis, sailed by Quiu... 0 Prima Donna, sailed by Simmons 0 Sailor Prince, sailed by Reid 0 Each carried • Marryatt's numeral as a distin guishing flag, and it was arranged mainsails, inizen3, and staysails were to be set fair before making the signal, " All ready." As a nautical picture the tout ensemble was extremely fine, as 4-kn nlfl " TM /l1*ACSa>1 r"Vl£k ofoma TTTI f Vl the words "All ready." rJhe signal flag was lowered, and in one moment the whole fleet canted on the starboard tack, effecting a mosi splendid start, the Fleetwing taking the weather gauge, and setting main gafftopsail to about as much north-easter as she could stand up to. The Crest of the "Wave also set the gafftopsail, and stepped out well towards the bar, close hauled on a reach. The Prima Donna had scarcely set her mainsail, when the throat halyards carried away, and the whole concern cams down by the run, giving all others a good chance for a start. Then a little gust of wind made an " Irish reef" in the" Dashing Wave's mains ril, and in consequence, she was under the necessity of tieing up a reef at a very early stage of progress At this time, the whole fleet were scarcely heading for the bar buoy, when the Adonis set a good example, and tacked in shore, so as to work up in smooth water. The others followed suit, and as soon as the Prima Donna had repaired damages, she looked as if royal yard jack meant to work up to a position. But there was the Crest of the Wave, and the Fleetwing, the Adonis and another on the weather reach. The Fleetwing stood up to her canvas remarkably well; but the Crest seemed to have most power. Of course, the loss of mainsail, by reefing, almost shut out Dashing Wave; but she very pluckily continued in the wake till the second round, when her hopes vanished, and she followed the example of Prima Donna, leaving the contest to the others, and retiring gracefully to anchor, a course of proceeding not at all in keeping with Sim mons's character, and quite unaccounted for, seeing that on a previous occasion the Prima quietly headreached and weathered on the tJrest as she chose. Now came the tug of war, as the Fleetwing cleverly made a short board, and rounded the bar-buoy at 12.15, followed at a bare minute interval by Crest of the Wave, with Prima Donna ten minutes astern, and Adonis to follow. As soon as it became a run staysail haulyards were let go and square sails sub stituted, while the mizen gaff topsails were very smartly set. With the wind aft the Fleetwiog and Crest kept equi-distant to the mid buoy, and there was not the least per ceptible difference in distance. The Sailor Piiuce was rather crippled by the loss of the bowsprit, and Adonis seemed to lose heart as the two leaders of the van increased the space between them. After passing the second buoy the course was about S.E., consequently it brought the wind more abeam, and instantly the Crest overhauled the Fleetwing. For a few momenta the increase in speed was scarcely perceptible, but she gradually drew on her until the bowsprit covered the taffrail, then headed a little further, when Fleetwing. took in her mizengafftopsail, and Spurted again, as she was freed from an over press of sail. It lasted but a very short time, for the Crest certainly overhauled and finally passed tbe gallant Fleetwing. Here also was a very close contest between the Adonis and Sailor Prince, the latter of. which head-reached at times on the Harbor piaster, and finally took the lead; but while very amusing to note the second part of the fray, that portion be tween the leaders was of most importance, and at 10 minutes pastl the Crest made a short tack in shore, and completed the' first round at 1.10, and so well had she behaved in working to windward that four minutes elapsed before the Fleetwing rounded, and filled away on the star board tack for the second race to the Light house. It was good fun to observe the struggles of third, fourth, fifth, and sixth boats, as they hoped against hope. Like Mr. Micawber, they waited for somethingto turnup, but not a mast would carry away or a shroud part to allow them the ghost of a chance, and thenceforward the whole affair lay in a nutshell as far as com petition went, for Crest having secured the lead, kept it most beautifully, and finally came-in at 2.29, allowing Fleetwing to follow eight minutes after. During the race there was just as much wind as whole sails could be set to, and at times it was necessary to shake up a little in the squalls, while others managed to carry' the topsails till a late point of the race, when the breeze increased, and brought along clouds of sand and dust, which entirely destroyed the enjoyment of the spectators, who, as soon as the race was over, wended' their way towards the Port. The whole affair was most successful, though the most knowing old salt in the Port would never have backed the Crest to win, although the tact of the master was something in her favor ; but it did not seem an exhibition of very good ju'gment to poke the bowsprit through the mizen of somebody else just to finish the day's work, but even this little contretemps was unavoidable, and the day passed away without aught further to mar the success of the Ketch Pace. BBOELTS ON THE BEACH. •In addition to the ketch race attempts were made to amuse the public in the shape of a number of races, &c.;, got up by one or two enterprising publicans of the Peninsula. Their energy certainly deserved more success than was realised, but the interest manifested in the majority of these sports by the generality of those on the beach was to say the least of it problematical. There were several booths on th9 beach which were greatly patronised by thirsty souls. The following is a list of the sports so far as we could ascertain:— Horse Pace, open to all horses within five miles of the Semaphore. Catch weight s. Mile heats. Prize, saddle and bridle, value £5 03. Three entries. "Won by Mr. P. Reed's Dick. Jumping in Sacks.—First prize, 15a.; second do., 5s. Five started. Horn came in first, and Matson second. A nondescript game designated under the heading of " Bobbing for bun3 and treacle" fol lowed, and we should think amused the specta tors more than the competitors. Horse Race.—For silver-mounted whip and spurs. Half-mile heats. Three entries. Won by Mr. E. Reed's Polly. 