A KJLTHEB Eignificaot circumstance occurred the o'ber day at (be Kyneton Police Court to which we allude simply lor the purpose of pointing- a moral, and not from an; desire to cavil at the quantity or the quality of the justice dispensed on the occasion. A woman was charged with drunkenness, aud was discharged with a caution, not because there were any extenuating circumstances in the case, at least none were brought forward, but because the police authorities informed the bench that the lock-up was full inside, and there really was ao room fer another itmato. At seasons such as the present, the lock up frequently is lull, and at all seasons of the year it is fonnd to be totaily inadequate for the pnrpose for which it was designed—for the requirements of a town of the size and importance ef Eyneton. Perhaps it is to this Abat we may ::scriba the tact that we should be quite as well off, ED far as the public convenienceisconcern^d, if we had no Court of General Sessions Eyneton. There aie never any cases tried at it, the magistrates invariably sending the prisoners committed by them to Melbourne foi trial. .This works hardly in two ways. In the first place the town loses a certain amouot of prestige which attaches to a place where sessions are held, and in the secend place residents of the locality are put to great inconvenience, loss of time, and expense having to fritter away their time in the metropolis waiting for the cases in which they are interested as prosecutors or witnesses to be called on. Whether, however, we are justified in ascribing to the emallness of the accommodation in the Kyneion gaol, the manner in which the Eyneton bench deals with its cuiprits or not, we are not able to Eay, bnt it may be safely assumed that many cases which are now sent to Melbourne for trial, would be tried before Joa^e Skinner if it were possible to retain the subjects of them here. Putting aside, however, this -view of tbe qnestien lor the present, it iB a notorious lact that the Jock- up, a miserable building enough, and scarcely large enonffh for tbe requirements of a small town of 700 or 800 inhabitants, is utterly unfit for its purpose here. During eucfa weather as we have had of late, ir must have almost rivalled the famous Black Hole of Calcutta, with this exception, that the inmates of the Australian ovens are apparently enabled by long experience to defy intense beat to a more remarkable degree than were the Indian Batterers. Haifa doztn inebriated harvestmen and abaut as many more people oharged with crimei of deeper dje, locked bp in our local jug, tnnst have been rather €00 much of a good thing, aud it is not to be wondered at that. the police were chary in taking in another boarder, and that one a female. We wonder, however, what wonld be done if two or three females were brought np charged with offences of too serious a nature to permit of their being summarily discharged. We think that we have excellent grounds for atking the Government to increase our prisoners acccemmodation. Eyneton has never been very hard open the treasary, and we may fairly claim that which is necessary to tbe town in the way of public buildings. By tbe way it would not be out of place here ,to ask when our new post office is to be commenced, and when the promised additions to the railway station are to be completed. THE proper collection of the Agricultural Statistics of the entire colony is, -as we have before remarked, a matter of very great importance, because if they are reliable they furnish information calculated to be of great use, and if they are unreliable they mislead, and do a vast amocnl of harm. We have always favoured the theory that the proper collecloiB would be the iocal bodies throughout the colony, bnt in recommending this course we intended that the duty should be discharged by the responsible officers of the various local bodieSi The Hew law has imposed upon them the task of obtaining this information, ajid they one and all appear to-have made it their business to gel it done as cheaply as possible, xvd in mast instances have accepted tenders which are Tery low indeed for the «r*rk to be transacted. Wb should have preferred seeing- a little more interest taken in this matter, especially by bodies whose in tereste are identified with an agricultural population, -and we fear that . the statistics next' issued from the Government printing office will be very little more reliable than were. ti» last.' A^ther thmp-, in many., districts,.. our ; own: -amongst j the number, it will be" impossible . to-; get through tbe wtnji ; before , the , 31st . of March. We therefore advise the 'extension ofihstime. „••.- io'MB;Ji2?>.5w!o?: J • from North Star 13 looking mpch, better .thaa -ever j they i^mfcWa-hf'St SOi'UwB of extremely jrich etone onthe surface';-the next crashing is eure to ;pay-ia ieplendifl dividend.; the shares are xnnch sbneht after at improved rates, ;an'd ajpeatinany more'have cbsnged %ands at Cfi 10s, OEnfeigetscB an saleable' from$i8 i0s lo IS; this company have got a iplendid|[Dtpf Btone onlhe suiface, and abv- .ii-Sing 'toqSay; thqy ihaye also cdm- day. The Eyneton and the Band of Hope are now crushing, and will clean up to- day. We an requested by Mr E Anderson, the hon secretary of the Kyneton Literary Uuion, to mention that au entertainment will be given by that body on the ICtk instant, at tbe Kynetou Mechanics' Institute. We mentioned a few days ago that Mr Carolin intended to give an entertainment upon that eveving, at tbe same place, bnt it appears that he had been anticipated by the literary Union, who had seenred the hall for the evening in question ...A. special meeting of the Kynetonshire Council was held at the Mechanics' Institute i>u Thursday, to receive applications for '.lie office of collector of the agricultural statistics. There were four tenderers, Mr James Jlinogue offering to perform the work for 8d per schedule for Eyneton, Carlsruhe, and L&uriston;, aud lOd foi Tylden; Mr l)!ack to collect the whole of the Eyneton statistics for L% the Lauriston and Edgecombe for L6. the Carlsruhe for L7 111.-!, and the Tylden and Trenlham for L7 10-. Mr Larkin tendered at—Carlsrnbe, LIS; Eyneton, Ll 10s; aBd Lauriston, L15; Mr M'Lean.at Kynetou, L7; Lauriston and Edgecombe, L7; Tyldeu aud Trentham, L12; and Carlsruhe. Ll2. On the motion of llr Jarrett, seconded by Mr Hughes, the tender <>f Mr Black was accepted. The Committee appointed by tbe Council to enquire into the subject of tlie valuation, subsequently met, but agreed to hold over their report. We have been shown a splendid sample of wheat in ear, from the farm of Mr Chanter, at Tylden. The ears are large'and exceedingly well filled,—we extracted from one 12S grams ef wheat- It has been finally determined that the inauguration of the new flag, distinctive of .the colony of Victoria,- shaUrttke -r.lacp on "WedrieS^ " day next, on board the H.M-V.S Nelsou. The flag represents tbe constellation of the Southern Cross in conjunction with the Union Jack. The invitations, which will be issued during the week, will be to a cruise down the Bay and a dinner on board. The list of gueste will embrace persons of all shades of politics, with a good sprinkling of ladies. The Argus says that Mr Finner returned to town on Wednesday, after making an examination of the slate property of Dr Jordan, situated within a short distance of Gisborne to work which it is proposed to endeavour shortly to form a public company. Bis report, as au expert" on tbe subject, will be shortly published, and onethird of the property wilt be offered to the public. Mr Fiacer states that that the quality of the slate is fully equal to that of the be^c and most popular of the Carnarvon quarries in South Wales with which he has long been associated The opening out of such a branch >>f industry will be of considerable advange to the colony, and it is one that cannot but find favour with the public- The Cricket Match between New South Wales and Victoria has been definitely fixed for the 24th, 25th, and 26th February, and the following twenty players have been selected by the intercolonial ma*.ch committee to practice <13 tbe Melbourne ground on Tuesdays. Wednesdays and Thursdays, -a 1 " half-past four o'clock. There is but little time between this and tlie commencement of the match, so it is to be hoped the men chosen will attend regularly and punctually :—Alien, WCampbell, D Campbell, Oonway, Oosstick, Cuzeas, Eggieston, Figgis (Ballarat), Gaggin,Gibson, Gordon, Huddleston. (Ballarat). Kelly, M'Gin, L<m;hnan, jtin, J Phillips, Riggall. Robertson, R W Wardiil and Wills. It will be observed that tbe name of the best bat the co ony ever saw is absent from the list, Johnny Mullagli h^s played hia last game, and will soon, we fear, follow the rest of the race to their happy hunting ground. With the view of still further disseminating in European countries information respecting the colony, the Government (says the Argus) have Bent by the English mail, simultaneous !' with the new land regulations forwirded to the agent-general six views of Melbourne for reproduction in the Illustrated. London News, Frank Leslie's illustrated New York paper, and the French illustrated newspapei, L'Illustration. The view4 are copies of those taken by Mr Noone, of the Government photo-lithographic department, for presentation to the officers of the Flying Squadron, and they are accompanied by a descriptive sketch of the rise and progress of Melbourne, together with a statistical account of the extent and resources of the colony. The descriptive portion of tbe account was written by Mr Wardell, tbe inspector-general of Public Works, before leaving for England, and the statistical information has been prepared and arranged by the registrar-general, Mr Archer. "Considerable excitement was caused in Sandhurst on Wednesday," writes the Argus correspondent, "by the rumours which arose out of some proceedings at the Police Court. As the press were not admitted at the private magisterial examination which was held, the fall facts of the affair have not come out, out so far as I have been able to glean, they are as follow :—On Tuesday a girl who had been taken out of the Benevolent Asylum to assist in the house of a well known J.P., and influential resident iu Sandhurst, who has borne an unexceptionable character, preferred either a charge of actual or attempted rape against her employer, and tbe charge was heard in the magistrates' room on Wednesday morning, when a medical man gave evidence, I am given te understand, ihat no offence had, or could have, been committed' and consequently the case had to be dismissed. Why the affair was heard with closed doors I cannot understand, as if the accused was not guilty, as is almost certainly tbe fact, the mendacity of the girl should be exposed. If the facts are not allowed to come forth in fall, the accused gentleman will be most unfairly treated, as he will be exposed to continual suspicion This is the second case of tbe same kind in which one of the girls from tbe Industrial School has been concerned, and is to be' hoped the committee of the asylum will at onse investigate tbe matter." We take the following from the Independent of yesterday :—An information was laid on Thursday, by Mr Chomley the superintendent of police, which stated that " from information received he (Mr Chomley), had cause to suspect that on the 31st day of Januaty, 1870, Robert Ogiivy Smith, 1 of Sandhurst, did assault one Catherine Eenna with intent to cemmit a rape " The information was laid before Mr M'Lachlan who issued his warrant ier the apprehension of Mr Smith. It was placed in Detective Alexander's hands for execution,* who soon after receiving it found the accused at the Town Hall. Mr Smith was amsted and taken before the Police Magistrate, who, un tbe appli- cation of Detective Alexander, remanded tbe case until Mendey; bail was taken, the amount being £400; Mr Smith in £200. and two sureties of £100 each; »'r Milrey and. Mr Hawkey, who were in attendance, signed : the necessary bonds, and Mr Smith left the court: The case has caused ; a painful etnsatien in Sandhurst, Mr Smith being one ot the oliest residents of the town, and a gentleman' who secured'the. general respect of his' fellow townsmen- - With reference to the deputation which recently visited the hon the Minister of Klines from fiynefon, we take the following .from the Melbourne ^Correspondent of _ the jBattarat Courier" An important question relative to mining was brought under the nc"lo> of thehon the Minister of Mines by a deputa ira 'from tbe Etiergetie'Company, at" lAuiistoh, tml'sting of Captain Tucker, '.'land Messrs Sacda *nd W. Green, and. introduced by Mr B G Daviea, M.L. A. It was stated at the interview tint the enmpany represented fcy the depntabun had discovered-a quartz rer^f supposed, te be an-a usually rich, which trended nnder the water reserve 3t Malmsbury; vested in the Board of Xiand and Works, and that^n order to'secure their'righta to work the eame, they had registered their application in the vsual way, 4m t the' '20tfc oH&st; month. Intheim^Btimei hewever, a" second batch of claimants had come forward ^ in jbhe gersons «f AIessrs Kitto, W E Greene, and M'Eenna, who without going through the formality of registering their claim, had MUea for tenders fer sinking a shaft on private ground with a view to working the reef in question. It was found on turning to the papers in the Mining Office that Kitto and others had put in aa application to be all«wed to mine under the reserve at an earlier date than the one lodged by the Energetic Company; and under these circumstance! the Minister drclined to express an opinion as to the respective claims of the rival applicants. Mr Brough Smyth, who was present at the interview, stated that in his opinion the registration with the warden in such a case would be of no u more use thanil it had been made at the registty office of the Bishop of Melbourne, and that therefore tlie caBe would have to be decided on other grounds. It was ultimately (suggested by Mr J T Smith that the Energetic Company should write a forma! letter to the department, stating that any objections which tbey might have to Messrs Kitto and Co's application, on receipt of which he (the Minister) would cause a fall enquiry te be made into the matter, and he promised further that he wenld take no action with reference to the conflicting claimi prier to euch enquiry." Never was there aelass in this world, according to their own acccunt, that can boast of owning such kind relations as insolvents when under examination. A borse is made over, ou inquiry as to whom it belongs and generally elicita a reply to the effect that the party having a lien ever the horse is either a brother-in-law, cousin, brother, or some other relative: An insolvent examined on Wednesday, aays the Gtdxmg Advertiser, named John Green Wall, introduced to the notice of hiB Honour one of the most libaal ever heard of. The Ifci given the equity of redemption over a farm to his brother. He did so because his brother was threatening to SHe him for wages owing. Nothwithstandiag this assertion insolvent further informed the court that his brother gave bim his wages for four years, and never asked for them; nay, he did mere "• if insolvent gave him money he handed it back. His brother did not want money. He was such a temperate man. he had not spent £l in drink in the country, and although be liked a pipe he would not smoke one unless he could get it for nothing. They have got a ghost at Sandhurst. The Independent says :—'* For several days past a number of persons in Golden-square, have been greatly excited at hearing that a well-known groeerin that neighbourhood had sworn that his house was haunted; aud that on more than one occasion, in the deai of night, he had seen a mysterious unknown creature sitting at his fire side, after he and the other inmates had retired to rest. According to the story, one aight this week, a few minutes after getting into bed, he was startled by seeing a terrible apparition pass across the room, and vanish in an instant; and on going into the back room, was still further alarmed at sefeing the foim of a woman arrayed in white sitting before the fire, which on his approach instantly disappeared, causing " each particular hair to stand ou an end," and each particular leg to make tracks. 