'PTfiKTNOSFttOMMFXROURNE PUNCH. Private and confidential) FB08PECT08. -Of the new poke your nose into other people's business, and pry into your neighbour's affairs Society (unlimited cheek). . Sir or Madam— We ask the favour of a camfal perusal 01 the present communication, which is made with a view of enlisting your sympathies on .behalf of the Society. The desisn of the Society ia to procure for all -those busvbodies who delight in prying into their neighbour's affairs such information as they desire without the trouble of sniffing round back doors or peeping through keyholes. The operations of this Society will enable fathers to know ^here their eons go after dark, and in turn the sons can hare an eye kept on the ''old man' at a moderate price. ' Wives will be posted up in the doings of their tyrant lords when they are detained in town by 'prttB of business,' and 'mail nights,' and husbands will be folly informed of the character, Ac., given of them behind their backs by their wives at aelect tea gatherings. . Civil servants and Bank clerks will be dodged at a fixed tariff. Creditors will be informed the precise moment »t which a debtor thinks it advisable to 'try a change of air.' Parties advised as to the time when the Banks are going 'to put on the screw.' . Maidens can find out if their admirers love any other gals ; and if so* how many ? Also, if there is any 'prior attachment.' t Parties hocused on the shortest notice. . Lap dogs tin-kettled, cats kerosined, and gen* tkmen who play the flute next door 'smiflicated.' Orange peel placed carefully beneath toe feet of miserly uncles. We have thus given you an outline of the nature of the busine&a; with which we solicit your connection, and the principles on which It is conducted; and after giviust the matter dua ?consideration, we shall be glad to know if you will patronise us on the terms proposed. We are, respectf ally. . Dojrg Bb«wh ahd Co. Disjecta Membra Poet* —The Home Newt ?contains the following:— 'A. Russian poet has dedicated a volume of verse to his mistress, and furnished the binding from his own person. Having had a leg amputated, he devoted the epidermis to the embellishment of his verses.' From thiB we may infer that the verses were an elegy, and bound in calf, or a poetical leg-end, handsomi 1/ gut up in liua»ia ! At all events, this painful proceeding, besides crippling the poet's xmderstanding, must hwe sundered two souls for ever. However legall-y he may have wished to dtitd himself to her, no Laura could overlook the hideous discovery of a love proving only skin-deep, which eught to have remained U-lim( 6 J-ited. Doh't bb Bash.— We find the following munifi cent pension amongst others on the English Civil list:— 'DameCaroline Daly, widow of Sir Dominick Daly, Governor of South Australia, £100!!!' What disgusting extravagance? What thriftless profusion and thoughtless generosity! A great empire thinks £100 a-year sufficient to support the widow of one of its principal pro-consuls— a man who for years wielded the vice-regal authority, including the power of life and death— in the con dition befitting her rank. What a munificent reward for long and faithful services— £100 a year fcr the widow of an English ex-Governor, and nearly £70 to rig a landing stage at Ostend for one of those German princelings ft ho fatten on the English people, and £16 to provide luncheon for another of the same tribe!!! Ye gods and little fishes! how long? Suitable Attibi job am Auditor's Ghost.— A balance-sheet. 'Wild' Waves.— Angry billows. A Grave* Joke.— An undertaker, enj«ying him self at a convivial party, on being reminded that it was growing very late, replied that he was taking the measure of the dead of night. WHAT TO DO WITH OUB BOTH. Aaron, of old, we know to have been a man of great anility, and we are happy to find that even in these degenerate days we still are permitted the opportunity of getting a wrinkle or two from a namesake of that illustrious personage. One of the leading questions that now, and for along time past, has occupied the attention of our thinkinp men, is, What shall we do with oar boys? Mr. Aarons has solved the difficulty, or at any rate appears to think so. ', He coDtiden that the advent of a native youth . at the bead of the present Ministry Ju* virtually settled the question. 'Make prim* nswrfer* of 'em,' says Aarons. . First prune your boys, and then when well primed and in their prime nuke each ou a prime minister. - . Splendid ides, bat unfortunately for its devel opment we doubt the possibility of the priming in the fint instance, and of the probability of sufficient openings in the second. We recollect how. when the above question was first mooted, somebody, who evidently had well considered the matter, suggested 'flog them' as the best means of improving their then condition; and u the colonial jouth has not. in oar opinion, become any mote elevated (morally speaking) since that time, we are still strongly of opinion that no - setter soration has yet been given to the query. M» Aarons to the contrary notwithstanding. Bat perh&pt; he spoke Aarmieally. FTJ8T LBBSOMB DT QSMBAFHY. Which is tht largest Slate in the world r Bumbuc. Which is the smallest State f-8elf- sacrifice. What is the name of Um capital of Victoria? - Gold, and a capital capital it is, What is a University t-A name given to a puUichotm in Carlton-a kind of school where' gentlemen study how to appease the appetite (or spiritual knowledge. What are the principal msnufactarei in ▼letoriaJ-Ooloiiial beer. Ministers, and jokes. What is a dockyard t-Tbe square yard lbs* forms the dock in the Police Court. Why b Hi* capita! of Prussia dissipated?- ? Because Balis it on the Seret. Bow is Turkey divided t-By being cut up for detail*. Bee Mrs. Glset ob Carving. How Is Turkey bounded!— By sausages. What is the name ot its chief river !-Oyiter sane*. . - ' Where is Greece situated!- Drop a oanile, and yen will find it oa the spot. .What part of Britain m called Waloii-Tke beck of a soldier after he has received the lash. ! flow is Wales mnstratedf-Aomding to the profusion of cuts. - What have you to say of Italyf-Ifothinf r never was there. . , ?.. - What is Italy famous forf— Opera singer* and Italia* irmt. Mbasobb o* Timb.— -By ? manisd man)— 'I wen't be a minute, dear'— Half an hour. 'Just pop on my bonnet'— Twenty-five minutes. 'Hold baby a second'— Fifteen minutes.. 'Change my dress'— Three-quarters of an hour. ' Smooth my hair'— Twenty-five minutes. ''Do my hair'— One hour and a half. 'Bun into Mrs. Brown's for a few minutes1'— Whole afternoon. 'Just Joing to borrow a pattern: won't be a second'— lalf an hour. 'I won't keep you longer than I can help'— Two hours and a half. 'Wait a moment — Seven minutes. ' Dinner will be ready in a jiffy'— Half an hour. 'I'm sure I haven't been long'— Throe hours. 'You get so irritable if 1 keep you waiting a second after you're ready' —Been waiting fifty minutes ready dressed. 'There I did you ever know any on? quicker than I have been?'— About two hours. ; HOMB THEY BROUGHT HBB HUSBAJTD, 'TIGHT.' By A-f-d T-mr-w, Esq.* {Air— 'Home they brought her warrior dead.') Home they brought her husband. ' tight' She nor swooned nor uttered cry. Said the servants, ' What a sight ! He will get it by-and-by.' ^ Then they whispered, ' He's s«- so ;' , Called him worthless to be loved; ' Thought of beer he'd had a ' blow1 ;' : ; .-, . : But she neither spoke nor moved. Stept a housemaid from her place, Lightly to the swiperstept: ' - - Brushed the flies from off his face, ?? r . ; But she neither looked nor wept ' ' £nse a nurse of ninety years, ? ' ?'?'?' Placed a mop across her knee; Then the wife, she said in tears, : . ' O my Bpouse, I'll tickle thee.' ? - ; . * All rights reserved. ' v ._,,„. maura QUiBm. How much powder is put into a wintry blast! What is the geological definition of; a hail* stone! . . What is the amount of pressure of the force of example! ? .'. .'?-. - How is it that the wing of time needs no rest ? \- How would you advertise ' a caution to snakes V How many inches are there to a r feat of strength? What is the acreage of a ground of compUiht? OF THB KABTH-BiBTHT. First Bushman (log.)— Not much news by the last mail t ehl * Second Ditto.— Well i not much. The Duke ot . Edinburgh is to spend two yean on the Australian station. ... First Ditto.-Ah! Didn't know he had one. Is it a sheep or. cattle run! v .' : -. .-.???.' ??? Second Ditto.— Can't say. T ... Pastobal Cok.— How is it some squatters' shee will never get fat ?-Because they are always on the run! ? , . ' ., Trr fob Tat.— A gentleman, who went to see the hounds throw off, complains that he got thrown off himself— the horse's fault of course. Bad to Wobsb.— The Ballarat Courier, speak ing learnedly on the subject of diphtheria, opines that a Commission of medical men should be appointed to report upon the disease, and issue directions as to treatment If we were to regard only the interests of the medical profession, we should say that this is an excellent suggestion: for whereas now the public have some notion of what diphtheria is, and how it ought to be treated, they would, as soon as the Commission issued their report, be in such a condition of perfect bewilder* rnent that they would never attempt either diagnosis or treatment, but would consult their medical attendants on the slightest possible tick ling in their throats. 8TBAVQ& but Trus.— A [daily paper says 'that a man who attempted to commit suicide is pro gressing favourably.' ? Abohitectubal vEsTHanoa.— The Parliament Heuse is to be finished in brick and plaster. This is charmingly appropriate— a legislative sham is most fittingly pointed by an architectural sham. But in time the plaster will fall off- plaster always does fall oft— and by that time the bricks will appear. Let us hope they will appear within as wells* outside the House. ' .. ? . . , ' 