PRIESTHOOD. Gontinued'from our last.) The first controversy that Christianity had to wage with Judaism was with reference to the coming of Messiah. Was Messiah come ? Was Jesus of Maiareth Messiah? This was the bat tle ground on which the Apostles started, and with great power they give witness to the resur rection of the Lord Jesus, proving that this is the very Clirist. But that was not the only controversy they had ; nor was it the contro- yersy respecting which the Apostles wrote with the greatest care. There was another which may be called an inner controversy, not avith Jewish unbelievers, but avith .Tudaising profes sors of Chi-istianity. The state of many of the Jeavs avas described in the langu.age addressed to St. Panl when he came to Jerusalem Thou seest, brother, hoav many thousands of Jeavs there ai-e avhich believe, and they are all zealous of the law." Tliey wore avilling to receive Christianity iwovided they might have it in ad dition to Judaism, but tlsey avcre not avilling to haa'c it instead of .Tudaism. It avas this state of Mund the Apostles had to combat. They had to shoav that the tavo things could not co-exist ; that the relation they bore to one another aviis not that of jjarts making up to a avhole, but that of type and antityi)e ; the one in existeuce till the other came, and then a'anishing aavay. Shall Judaism survive ? Is there any idace left for it ? It is against this that some of the strongest arguments .are directed in the Epistle to He brews, and more especially in the Epistle to the Galati.ans. In. that Epistle tlie Apostle not only argues but illustrates. He compares Juda ism and Christianity to the two coven.ants, which were allegorized by the two wives of tlic patriarch Abraham. They could no more be made one religion than H.agar and S.arah could be made one woinan ; aud their disciples could be no more united in one Church than Isaac and Ishraael could be made one child. The children of tlie bondwom.an are not to be, and never can be, iieirs with the chilcbeu of tlie free woniau. H.aving so argued, and so illustiuted tliat point, the Apostles exclaimed, — " Stand fast thcroEore in the liberty wherewitli Christ has made us free, and be not entangled again in the yoke of bondage. Behold, I Paul say unto you. that if ye be cireinncised, Christ shall profit you no thing." Circumcisioo was the initial rite of Judaism, "and is here put for the whole sys tem-" . If you retain Judaism you cannot em brace Christianity. If you hold to the priest that is on earth, you must relhupiish the priest that is in heaven. At the crisis of the abolition of Judaism and the introduction of Christianity another .answer had been gis'en to this question, although it w.as not perceived at the time. It had been given, not by a voice, but by a hand from heaven. For remember this, every act of Judaism, every de tail of typical ritual, every sacrifice oftbred, every lamp lighted, every incense burned, every attitude of the celebrant priest, stood insepara bly coiuiected with the holy place upon earth which was veiled from view by a curt.ain. Every act outside was pi-eparatory to the erowning act inside, The whole was incomplete till the high- pnest went .behind the veil. Take away the veil the whole cruinblod to pieces. There was neither form, nor comeliness, nor meaning left in part of it ; and lo ! when the true priest oflered the true sacrifice, when the Lord Jesus' bowed His head upon the cross, and gave up the ghost, Dcholcl tliG veil of the tcinplo "was rent iii twiiiu fi'om the toji to the bottom — I say it was God's own abolition of Judaism by a hand from he.aven. Of this abolition the .Jews had intimation in their own Scriptures, .and for this they ini'dit have prepared, had they duly attended to the history ot Abraham, .and the langu.age of David For, there, they would have learned that not any mortal inan, but a Most fi-om lieavoii, met the 1 .atriarch and received his liom.age : not any mortal man, for ho was greater than Abr.aham him, and there "was not on the earth at the time a greater man than Abraham : not any mortal man, for the I'salmist declared con cerning Hnn thiit he is a .Pr/rst for eiiar. From all this, they iniglit have known, as the Apostles atterwarcls taught, that a Priest was coming, not after the law of a carnal command ment, but after the power of an endless life ; I. Priest of the most High God, not made without an oatli .and tor a time, as was Aaron ; but with an oath by him that said unto him, " The Jmrd sw.are .and will not rcjient. Thou ai-t a Priest for ever after Che order of the King of Piigliteousness." is Jiere, then, no priest upon earth ? In the sense oi an ollerer for sin I am liold to s.ay, none. That is, none of God's .appointnicnt. 1 here are abundance of priests of in.an's' invon- taon or corrupt tradition. There arc priests of Hhiuldism, priests of M.ahommedanism, priests of Lomamsm ; / whh / could clop there. But the oidy priests of God's ajipointment upon e.aith were the priests of .Judaism, and they were all merged in Him of whom it i.s wrif.to,. He abideth a priest continually. They were not imrmitted to continue by reason of death : but ais in.an because Ho continuetii over, has aniin- transmissible priesthood. . "ow Christianity is come, cleared of ex- minimnm. Not in the tabernacle, not in the temple, not on the mountauis of .Samaria, not in the city of .Jerii- Sr.-f T- evei-ywhcre. God is .a Spirit. The hour was coming, and Jesus saul it was then come, when thtw who wophip the lather must worship Him in .Snirit mid ,n truth. To the .Samaritaiis he s.aid " Yc know not wliat ye worship." ".S.alvatio/i,'' he &aid;, is of the Jews. They know, or might have Juiown -some of them did know what tlToy wor- shipped' but there was no access to God except through the J ews, ' ' .S.alvntion was of tlie Jeu-s " i pray you to study the words addressed to tlie Cluipter of the vio&pel; of St. Jolni. But ill the face of all the spiritu.ality so iutro- <iucca, man s nature remains the same, and the .tbc things oi the tlFo +1 J low, it Christianity consists of' raTinanf iiiul if the natu- God wh..?"''f of the Spirit of On, nh.vt IS he to do with Christianity? He must either reject it .altogether, or he must in troduce into it things that are not things of the Spirit of God, and call them Christianity. This is what has been done. The great majority of those who professed Christianity from the be ginning have been under the dominion of super stition, and superstition revels in external cere monial. Wh.at else c.an it do ? Stirred by its fears to take some action, .and not having f.aith in the things th.at .are not seen, what can it do but busy itself with the things that are seen ? Therefore its priest must be visible, its confes sion must be addressed to something visible, its absohition must be pronounced by something visible. Instead of the hidden godly sorrow, it must have visible penance ; instead of the hidden unction of the Holy one, it must have visible oil. It walks by sight. This is not Cliristianity. This is a caricature of aneicnt Judaism, and like other caricatures its goes beyond its model in the way of excess. Tlio Jewish priesthood offered sacri fices for the living, and for the living only. It remained for the exaggcr.ation presented to the apostacy from the Christi.an faith to offer sacri- fiees not only for the living but for the dead. You are aware that the point I have now reached has been a matter of controversy in this country for the last 300 years. But it has re cently become a matter of more pressing urgency, because some of our own clergy claim all that the priests of the Chiu'ch of Rome have ever cl.aimed, .and one of our own bishojis — I am sorry to be obliged to s.ay, but I must s.ay it, bec.ause it is so — one of our own bishops "lias publicly de clared that the English clergy are justified in believing th.at they have committed to them the same powers which the priests of the Roman Catholic Church,' both in the East and in the "West, have ever cl.aimed for their iulieritancc. This has made it a m.atter of such gi-.avity as to demand interference — interference, if we ai'e to be w.atchmen at .all. This is one of the titles by which we .arec.alled in our ordin.ation — "w.atch men." "Wh.at is a watchman for? To sleep while others slee) ? To sleep while others wake? What is he good for? He is to be .awake \vhen others sleep, .and he is to cry out when d.anger appro.achos, and makes his voice heard. There is matter for interference now — I say, if avc are to be w.atchmen at aU— interfer ence not by harsh Language, not by eaUmg op probrious n.ames without argument, as wo have been slanderou-sly reported, and as some affirm that wo do. Where is the proof of it ? I h.ave been .arguing for this half-hour, and hope I have not used a single word that ean deserve siicll a charge. And now, when I enter into the second bi'.anch of the subject, and come to the eontro- versi.al, I hope still to refrain from s.ajdng a word that can be called iiersonally disrespect ful of my brother clergymen. But I will not refriiin from what I believe to bo truth concern ing the fatal heresies which are creeping into our Church. To be. continued. 