""GHOST OR NO GHOST At or about midnight of the 23rd of last May, two grave and elderly gentlemen' were returning from the Tillage of Chelvey to Brockley. They had spent the evening together at the former placemen gaged with their host, in quiet- conversation upon the ordinary topics of the day : and they set out together on their way home in a vehicle drawn by the doctor’s horse a well-broken, steady, and ex perienced roadster. The doctor drove. The rector sat by his side, both silent, staid, and contemplative The road was narrow but open, and the night was still fine, and clear ; there was no moon, and the travellers had no lamps. They had proceeded but a short distance when the horse evinced a nervous ness very uncommon to the animal, and more than once showed a disposition — now to halt, now to turn, and anon to hurry forward on the extreme roadside. The doctor, roused to unwanted attention by the timidity of his favourite and reliable horse, cast his eyes forward along the road, directly in the centre of which a light met them that gave a strange shock to his own strong nerves. Hurrying on, with no ap pearance of muscular effort — turning neither to the right nor to the left, a tall figure, draped in a long cloak reaching nearly to the ground, floated, rather than walked, before them. The doctor, without speaking to his companion, looked long enough upon the weird figure to note these startling particulars, and to arrive at the con- clusion in his own mind that he was the subject of a special and peculiar illusion. Booking upon the speetre with the feeling of a mere man of science, and quieted rather than alarmed by the nature of the appearance, which he had now no doubt Was risible only to his own disordered sense of sight, he occupied himself in a hurried examination of his own physical condition, in which however, he detected none of the expected symptoms. He was strong, calm, sound in health, collected and clear—physically and mentally. " Neverthe less," murmured the doctor to himself, " this is a marked and decided case of optical1 illusion for which I may yet find some cause." " Did you speak," said the rector, in subdued tones. "I did— involuntarily," replied the doctor, speaking also scarcely above a whisper. " In speaking, involuntarily, were your thoughts and speech addressed to the 4 thing ' before us, my friend ?" asked the rector. ''Good God, yes. Do you, too, see what I have for the last few minutes been observing? " I have seen and am seeing with you," quietly responded the rector. " Look more carefully to your horse, speak to it cheeringly and soothingly, and let us go on." The doctor obeyed ; but even his well-known voice failed to quiet the trembling .animal, the mangement of which was becoming every moment more difficult. " This can't go on : we had better alight, or wait, or tuni back," observed the doctor, striving in vain to guide the now unmanageable horse. They had by this time reached a wider part of the road, across which led a still broader. Lying in the centre of this crossing was a triangular bit of turf, bare and treeless. Upon this spot the figure vanished ; and the horee stopped refusing to pass beyond it. M Doctor," whispered the rector, 11 we are alone. Were you watching ?" " Not carefully," Baid the doctor, half out of kreath with his exertion in repressing the frightened horse, " not carefully j but I think it went to the right." " Nay," replied the rector, " neither to the left nor to the right : neither upwards nor downwards. I marked it accurately to the last : it faded, died out, disappeared — not suddenly, but slowly— as surely as you and I are together here." No small amount of time and care were necessary to get the horse home j and from an fl-Tiimql famous for its steady strength of nerve, courage, and docility, it has become, within the few days that have transpired, as nerveless and timid IB a fawn. This is all. While I sit here in the doctor's lisctum, transcribing the notes of his journey from Chelvey to Brockley, the doctor is collecting and comparing cases from the dry and uninviting volumes littered upon the table and the floor, turning only occasionally from these to the latest reports of the learned societies upon optics, or to the splendid, but to me, unintelligible, theorems of Brewster. The rector — an old tutor of his col lege — is here, too, tracing innumerable diagrams with the view of reducing this appearance and disappearance to some law of physics. Nothing, reader, will come of their labours. You and I know that. Professor Schoff was here, but he has gone away up the Coombe, sneeringly. Professor Schoff and toy ld friends have had a difference, and have teen hard upon each other. Professor Schoff in fills that the two learned noodles saw a reflection oftiieir horse and themselves, built up, pyramid- tishion, and cast feebly upon the white road by the light of the old moon, which being in its last quarter, would be on the south-eastern horizon at t that hour ; and being there would cast distorted, »mt, and elongated images of just sufficient dis- potness to frighten horses or— other animals. . Thus of the appearance. As to the disappearance, Professor Schoff says that the shadow, being faint U<1 thin, would disappear upon the darker froand of the grass plot, for want of that contrast field and shadow afforded by the whiter road. "rofeBsor Schoff banged the study door as he went ufc, and the effect of the loud report upon my j proves to me that I, for one, must side ith the doctor and the rector, who have thrown UBide (heir books, papers, and instruments, and v" oeueve that they saw a "thing of which they ®nmot, and ought not to attempt a further de scription or elucidation. Hah! Professor Schoff i : .ufc B®fcsy Prodgen, who was born 10 the parish of Brockley well nigh seventy years is in the kitchen, and this, in substance, is hat I overhear her saying :— " Mrs. Hucker (she is addressing the rectory j », the greatest of fools are the wise fools. am angered to hear what you say of the dis- aj"?ln to the study by the rector, doctor, Ptofessor. Bays of incidence — reflection — f — convergence — divergence— angles — I 1 rubbish ! What hove those blasphemous j/08 or the blasphemous science to which they ®r' «o with what they have seen ? Shame (aa r Unbehef J Listen, ma'am. Just ninety- Rev r8 rector of this parish was the thrift mutoton,— a hungry, reckless spend- th ' "f-be miser (is hungry and reckless: but uiwJ?"' Mrs. Hucker, would draw bills pon hiB wife's reputation or his children's bread, raise coin to scuander upon the gratifl cation of th«n e«fa'Je?.ta8te8t>r Miotic orovinge. No wonder, cookLi l8 ®ltould happen — Parson Hnbertaon Urn wa® done in this wise. In y barking season of 1776, James Steven?, i - :; ' j - " 1 the then-woodward of the Brockley ' Manor, was j mortally injured by .the fall of a tree io the Park, and was oarried,, crushed and mangled, into, the kitchen Of the rectory. The parson, and an old and . wicked college friend of his, who waa; staying with him as a guest at the time, provided a means/for the removal of the "dying man to. Cbelvey, where he lived, and accompanied him home. James Stevens's wife end children ire.: ceived the mournful. procession, and saw in their agony that the sufferer's -very hourp were numbered. James Stevens . , bad been a striving - and a successful man ; and it was., pretty generally knpwn that he had a large eum lying inoneof the Bristol banks to his credit — £500 end.; more as it proved to be. Parson Hubert son, and his college friend, and a man-servant of the letter, sat up through the night; and before the, morning that succeeded it, James Stevens, died,. Having previously signed a will drawn, up. by his friendly watchers, wholly, as the dying man believed, , in favour of his wife and children ; but wholly,, as it turned out to be, in favour not of them 'or either oi? them, bpt ef Parson Hubertaon ! Widow Stevens died twenty years later inthe workhouse; and her children went forth into the, world penniless. Parson Hubertson died later at the rectory; anc. hisend was hard and frightful. Parson Hubert- son s body was buried, hut his spirit was never laid; and at barking time in every year, and to this day, that spirit, appearing in the hard out line of the tall form it occupied in the body, makes a journey to and fro at midnight between Chelvey and Brockley ; and the draped figure, seen by the rector and doctor was Parton Hubert- son's ghost." 