OOUMENICAIi CODHCIT.. (From the Bonan Correspondence of the Pall Moll Gazette.) THERE is now no doubt any longer as to the success of the Opposition in the first encounter. The string of eighteen condemnations of errors in science and rationalism, on which the Council has been sitting in conference at the Pope's invitation, has found favour with no one. Prelate after prelate has risen only to pick holes in this, the first instalment from the Jesuit mint. The debate bas run on without a break in the same sense, aud what is moBt remarkable, prelates of all schools-men who in many respects are far from sharing in broad views-have concurred in re- pudiating the elaborate manufacture of the theological school so specially patronised in the Vatican. The admission is now heard even in Ultra- montane circles that the propositions are demolished, and must be referred back for re-construction to a new Commission. The Pope is highly indignant at the liberty of speech Bishops have been allowing themselves, and has been engaged on a supplementary ordinance, the effect of which will be to quash all flee discussion. The Council is not a Parliament, says Cardinal Antonelli, and . yet these gentlemen-certain Bishops-would fain handle the topics before them as if they were members of his oxäfwrf, is utterly out of the ques tion.K^sing in defiance of all sound tradition, and must at once be put a stop to. On the other band, if the Pope is getting more and more inflamed there is no reason for assuming that the idea of his irritation has had a seriously deterring effect on the opposition. It would Beela as if, ou the contrary, ex- perience of the treatment to which they are being subjected resulted tn an in- tensified spirit of resistance. At least, it seems positive that what before were disconnected elements have been now brought into coalition, and that the different national members have been united in a compact opposition, under Such a thing, in i tire direction of a joint eommittoi*, iii which nits Bishops from all countries, and which is by common consent looked up to for guidance. The increasing boldness of the Oppo- sition bBs led the Pope to forbid the publication of the names of tho speakers .in the Council in the Official Journal, and the proceedings of the Council are therefore now shrouded in deeper mystery than ever. Et has been ascer- tained, however, that at the meeting of the fathers on tho 3rd inst, there were four speakers-Cardinal Trevisanato, Patriarch of Venice ; Monsignor Ilassun, American Patriarch of Cilicia ; Monsig- nor Manning, Archbishop of West- minster made an elaborate defence of tho proposed decrees-schemata deere forum et canonum-which were severely criticised by the other three bishops. On the 4th the Council bold another meeting. The mans of the Holy Ghost was celebrated by the Archbishop of Westminster, and was no sooner con- ! eluded than the debate was again re Bumed. Nine bishops carried on the discussion. Monsignor Vérot, Bishop1 of Savannah ; Monsignor Gaudolfi, j Bishop of Civita Veech ia ; Monsignor j Victor Beraardou, Archbishop of Sens ; ¡ Monsignor Joseph Gignoux, Bishop of i Beauvais; Monsignor Charles Colet, Bishop of Lugon ; Monsignor Conrad Martin, Bishop of Paderborn; Mon- signor Pierre Ferré, Bishop of Cásale ; Monsignor August in David, Bishop of Saint- Brieuc ; and Monsignor Jeati Baptiste Greith, Bishop of Saint-Gal, in Switzerland. Nearly all these speakers attacked tho schemata, and declared wholly against them. The fact of the second public sitting of the Council on the Oth iDst. having passed off without the promulgation of a single decree has put the Opposition in high spirits, as it shows they have been able to resist the pressure of tho Vati- can, and certninly the prestige of this success is exercising an influence on tho wavering and timid. The sitting was not attended by the Empress of Austria nor by the King of Naples ; aud, putting aside the Prince of Holienrollern, tho royal tribune was occupied eicluBively by the dethroned Italian princes and their consorts. In order to abridge the debates, which the number of questions for consideration might prolong to infinity, the Fathers hold conferences extra Con ailium, in national groups, where, using their native tongue, they express their opinions, and elect the oratora who are to declare them to the Council. It is rumoured that the Pope has forbidden these meetings, but such an arbitrary proceeding has never been thought of at the Vatican, and, in fact, tho con- ferences save time by preventing useless discussion, and save the managers of the Council a great deal of trouble. After the public sitting on the Gtb, the extra meetings wera made use of by Monsignor Manning, Monsignor De champs, Monsignor Pie, and other chiefs of the Infallibilists to distribute among their several followings a memorandum of infallibility, signed by foity bishops, which, however, avoids tho words infallibility and infallible, using the following paraphrase-" Supremus Pastor ab omni erroro imraunis." Hero we probably hare the form in which the questions will he submitted to the Council. The boldness of the opposition bishops astonished the Boman prelates, who, as the fierce words ring through the hall, hardly believe their own ears, " Do you wish, my venerable brothers," cried the Archbishop of Halifax, " to know my opinion or the «cliemata? Well, then, I wish all these decrees to be barnod in tbe depths of the earth, and never to be mentioned again." .The magnificent oration of Monsignor* Strossmever did not spare the Pope himself-*' Wo j Bishops are summoned to Borne," be .aid, " not to approve, but to decree," Hence it is necessary to invite the Holy j Father to be present at all our dis- j eussions ; for if we are nothing without the Pope, the Pope, in bis turn, is nothing without us." It was at this point that Cardinal Capalti, the President-Legate (and not Cardinal di Luca, as stated by public rumour), called Monsignor StresBtneyer to order. ! AccutuTisura & Ecaoraur CHILD.-M. j Mussehenbrok (a Dutch functionary at Am- : barra wa) brought us his son, a charming boy of ten, whom ho bas brought up à la Javanese, that is to say naked from head to foot, to fortify bim against the pestilential attacks of tbe climate, which are so destructive to youthful constitutions. The little fellow goes out bare- headed in the burning sun, sleeps upon a mat under the verandah, and has thus outlived so many other children who were born here li e himself, poor Utile creatures who bare been pitilessly mown down by fever and dysentery. Already, wi'h the feline aptitude of a native, he can swarm up a coooa-nut tree, worm bis way through a jungle, take a serpent by the tail in one band and glide the other up to his head with the rapidity of lightning. This trait proves to you that tbs Dutoli, unlike tho English in Indis, endeavour to fuse their manners with those of the natives ? and it is certain, according to thc statistics, that in spite of a good deal of suffering, they succeed in reducing by four-fifths the mortality from which their imprudent neighbours j suffer. lh« absorption of roast beef and of ! spirituous liquors, in superhuman doses, is more than notorious in {odia-it hes passed into a j proverb. Here, on the contrary, we are gr ¿at y struck by the sobriety or the conquering race i and, tn truth, those only succumb who are desig- nated by the fatality. We find the local régime agree with us perfectly. For the last month we three bave not cons' mcd five shillings worth or meat, nor drunk IS shillings worth of wine. We have eaten n ountain ? of 1 oiled i ice, with pemen tos and kari in abundsnce^for stimulants, together with some wholesome fruits for refreshment. By this means we have been able to ride fifteen hours a dsy, while all the Europeans were taking their siesta, and to avoid those night journeys which certain travellers have undertaken from fear of thc sun. Is it n t the height of ridicule to visit the lore liest country on the globe, 8,000 leagues distant from Europe, only to ses it by night-in other words, not to see it alli-The Comte de Beau- voir in Japan 