SACKVILLE REACH, HAWKESBURY RIVER. [FROM OUR WINDSOR CORRESPONDENT] LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. THOMAS'S CHURCH. On Tuesday, tho 4th instant, tho ceremony of laying tho ! foundation stono of tho new Episcopal Church al this place ! was performed by tho Right Reverend Dr. Barker, Bishop 1 of Sydney. The" Bishop was assisted on the occasion by 'lue Rev. W. Wood, of Pitt Town, and present pastor of the parish ; the Rev. B. A. Palmer, formerly of Pitt Town ; tho Rev. C. F. Garnsey, and tho Rev. J. Vaughan. JNoiwitnatanding the very unsettled appearance of the . weather, thero wero between two and threo hundred porsons I pi cpent, niony having come considerable distances. Tho piocecdings were commenced shortly before two o'clock p.m., when Mr. Stephen Tuckerman, J.P., read the foi 1 lowing address : To the Right llcvcrcnd Erederio Barker, D.D., Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. May it please your Lordship, We, the underelgnca members ot the Church of England at Si ckvillo Keach, bail with feelings of pleasure your first visit to ' this portion of youl dioccso, and beg to offer you a hearty welcome. 1 Wo are under tho impression that your Lordship is aware of the adverse circumstance» in which wo havo been placed with regal d to our Church, as well as our temporal affairs, by tho groat 1 and destructive flood of 1807, which swept away our church, the school-house, and teacher's residence. Since that unfortunate 1 o\ent Divitc sen ice baa been conducted in a temporary building wholly insufficient for the requirements of the congregation who 1 attend on'thc ordicnnceB of religion. We dcEiro, therefore, to erect u suitable and substantial building as a place of worship in which to uphold the religion of our fore- fathers, and hand down to succeeding generations a memorial of our /cal in the causo of Christianity. As our future prospects aftord muoh encouragement, we have made an effort and huvc completed arrangements to commence the erection of a church, which your Lndsbip hna kindly con i stnted to lay the foundation-stone of this day ; and we fed per 1 sunded that wo shall, by perseverance and the blessing of God, be enabled to carry out the work to a successful completion. In conclusion, we trust that it may pleaBO the Almighty to Fparo you many years to watcb over our spiritual interests, and feel assured Hint your presence nmongst us on thlB occasion will be attended with the mest beneficial rcsultr, AVc remain, Your Lordship's moBt faithful and obedient servants, (nero follow the signatures of Stephen Tuckcri-aa and other lending parishioners). Bishop BAHKEII, in reply, said : Ho roceivod tho address rend by Mr. Tuckerman with great satisfaction, though not without somo feeling of self-roproach, inasmuch as it was truly stated that thiB was tho firbt time ho had visited Sackville Roach. It did seam strange that having visited tho extremities of his diocese, ho had not boforo been induced to visit a placo so near to Sydnoy. It WAS tho fiist time ho had looked upon tho lovely prospect now bo- foro him, with its fortilo lands rich with verdure, and tho beautiful river gliding on below thom ; yot those around bim could not bo unmindful of a very différent scene on moro than ono occasion, witnessed perhaps from tho spot where he was now standing-a sceno of devastation and destruction. Ho remembered laying the foundation-stono of the church at Pitt Town in fio midst of a great flood ; but he exhorted the people to take courage, and ho thanked God that he could now with greater confidence oncourago i them, seeing iho prospect of an abundant harvest, in under- taking to íaiso a templo to tho honour and glory of God. He hoped that it would bo a fruitful source of comfort to them and succeeding generations. His Lordship then engaged in reading the special losson } for fho day, and offered up prayer. A hymn was after waids sung, and the Revs. H. A, Palmor and C. F. Garn scy rend passages of Scripture fiom tho second chapter of Paul's Epißtlo to EphCbians, beginning at the lfllh verse ; nnd from tho 20th chapter St. John, beginning at tho 21th ?\eise. Tho foundation stone waB laid by tho Bishop, who Baid, " In the faith of Jesus Christ I have placed this foundation stone of a church (o bo dedicated to Almighty God by tho namo of tho Church of St. Thomas, in the namo of the Father, Son, nnd Holy Ghost." Under fho stono was placed a boltlo containing tho fol- lowing engrossment on parchment: Tho foundation stono of this Church, , dedicated to St. Thomas, the Apostle, was laid by < ' i Tho Eight Kcv, Father in God, Erederio, Lord Bishop of Sydney, and Mctropo itali, of Australia, ¡ on tho4tii day of January, A.D. 1873, ' the 33rd year of the reign of her Majesty, Queon'A'ictoria. ' Tbc Hlght Honorable the Earl of Belmore, Governor. , Tho llev. William AVood, Minister of tho District. BuiiDuro COMMITTEE. ' " Ecv. AV. AVood, chairman : Mr. Stephen Tuckerman, J.P., trea- surer : Neeers H. Cnmpbell. Tristram, Dunstan, E. Chatterton, J. Stephens, G. Bradley, C. II. Tuckerman, G. Manning, and J, Davis, the Rev. II. A. Palmer, and-ltcv. H. $. King, John 8tcphene, builder. ' '" ' 1 Dr. BAitKEit again' nddreBBcd the congregation. Ho congratulated them on what had taken place, and exhorted all to persevere unto the end, thanking God for His good- ness and mercy in permitting thom to como together on such an occasion. It was no common causo of pleasure that there wero so many of their clergy_ presout. Here collected rending in tho paper of their friend Mr. Palmor, now present, standing on the sito of tho formor ohuroh, only a iew yards distant, nnd praying that what thoy hld witneFEed that day might speedily como to pass. He waa thankful that ho could now congratulate Mr. Palmer in being permitted to share in the sorvicos of that day. He was thankful, also, for tho presence of Mr. Garnsey, Mr. Wood, and Mr. A7aughan, whoso sym- pathy with tho work now begun was highly .gratifying. Ho hoped that fho lirst fruils of nn abundant harvest would bo dedicated to the cause of God, and that nil would con- tribute speedily and cheerfully to perfect that which re- mained to bo done. Ho invited fhoso present to place thoir contributions in tho plate on tho stone, n call which was responded to by £31 lGs. being deposited. Tho formal proceedings being ended, the newinhlago mado thoir way to tho luncheon booth, which was erected on tho green banks of tho river, covered with ferns and buphrs, presenting a truly ploaBing and_ rural appearance. The tables wero laden with the best of edibles, and, tito invilaüona (o take, a seat wcro readily accepted bj {¡tippotitcs sharpened bj long ndcB and extended abslincnco In all, about throo hun <lr<d young and old partook of tho ropuat Whon (ho feasling was over, a public meeting wis hold alfresco, pro Bided over Iv tho Bishop Eloquent addresses worn doli veird bj hisLoidehip, IboRnvs W Wood, II A Palmor, C I Garntcy, and J Vaughan, appealing touohmgly and eurucBtlj for a united effort on tho part of tho parishioners to rinso tho amount required for tho completion of tho churcli A further collection w as then taken up, amount ing to £6 11s , which mudo (ho Bum realised that day, with the sale of tickets for (ho luncheon, about £ 0 I lorn the financial étalement mndo by thoRcv M M ood, it ni psired that from £400 to £iu0 altogether would bo roquirol lo com) lcto the building lim piesenl contiact v is only for the Btrnework, £.>?!!, towards which tbcie was now i ii°od i bout £180 lhoMlo of tho church ia on an eminence ubo\olljo wafer mark of tho grett Hood of 18(37, thout,h but a ehoit dMinco from the positi n of tho old church thal wris Micpl nvvny His expected that a sufficient sum will lo niised to completo tho now builling within twelve n onthe Inthomosn lime Divino worship will bo con- tinued in the ten porarj building CIOBO bj It WUB ¡J o clock beforo the business was concluded and tho peoplo bogan to n uko for home, after spending a -vcrj ploasalt day The weather kc] t up hejond nil expectation, as (ho sky was much overcast, and the rajs of tho sun scarcely onco broka tbiuightho nebuli Iho day was consequently cool and agreeable, and tho channing scenery winch surroundod tho loealitv, and which was now to many of tho visitors, added much to tho enjojnient of tho wholo proceedings 6th Jnnuan 