FLORA THE FLIRT. AN EXTRACT FROM TAILS IN THE LATTER PART OP THE TWENTIETH CENTURY. (Kvndly communicated by the shade of Sir WALTER SCOTT to the editor of the "GUwmrm.") S heart beat wildly as he saw her approaching. A thousand stormy Hopes and fears swept across his bosom, the fiend Jealousy battling fiercely for the dominion of his EQUI with the goddess Love. "Truly" he ejaculated, " was the French philosopher of old aright when he said that the stronger our love, the nearer we are to hate, for at this moment madness has such power oyer me, I would as lief bite her as kiss her." He turned his shaggy face to the ground as she neared him, expecting, almost wishing, she would pass without recognition, and sullenly resolving he would seek for none. She was very beautiful. Her hair fell in silken ringlets over her face, shading the lustrous brilliancy of her eyes, which would otherwise have been too bright to behold. Every grace that art could give was there to heighten this power of her natural charms. The arching nostril, the well-proportioned head, the shell-like ear, the erect figure, and the proud step, each proclaimed unmistakably blood and breeding, and the only fault the critical eye could detect was that she appeared too conscious of beauty. But was this a fault ? Can one of her sex be blamed for knowing that which gives her power over the powerful male? As surely as the lily knows that it is fair, the rose that it is sweet-scented, the sun that it is splendid [The planchette writing is here illegible for a few pages.] Daintily she tripped along, stopping a moment at this flower or that to sniff their fragrance, and coquettishly delaying her approach to the stern figure that, with down-cast eyes and over-hanging brows, stood motionless in her path. She knew that she was beloved, she knew (for quickly comes sueh knowledge) that his heart was darkened with her shadow, she knew that he was wretched—but she knew not all. And he stood calm and quiet—outwardly so, at least— like a rough-hewn statue of Patience smiling at Grief, no movement proclaiming the agony that was preying at his vitals. Slowly, slowly she came up, and slowly she drew nigh him, and she seemed to say as she looked at him, "POMPEY, I think you're a-dying I" This, however, she did not say—or anything else, in fact ; but after putting her pretty little nose to a few more of the flowers round about, she went up to POMPEY, and but let there be no mistake—let us in fact recapitulate. Some one might take up the book at this particular chapter, and, ignorant of who our hero and heroine were, might imagine that poor little FLORA was deficient in maidenly propriety. But those who have followed us from the beginning know who were this pair. She so lovely, so graceful, so accomplished, able to dance on her hind legs for half an hour, lie down and die to order, or smoke a pipe ; a little glittering morning star, full of life, and splendour, and beauty. He, in spite of the ravages of a consuming passion, and the scars of a thousand fights (every one a victory), looking the thorough British bulldog that he was, and irresistibly impressing the imagination with ideas of indomitable courage and fierceness. The ignorant and prejudiced eyes of our ' ancestors would have beheld in this pair but two dogs meeting in the manner in which dogs have been wont to meet ever since their invention; but we, thanks to the development of modern science, can see beings that a few millions of years (did they live long enough) would develop into as perfect specimens of humanity as any that we daily witness. But to resume our tale He sullenly wagged his, and seemed to say in the language of the poet (expressed in the language of his own wild and bloodshot eye), " Wretched maiden, thou makest me, a fixed figure for the hand of scorn to point his slow unmoving finger at." Upon which she drew back a pace or two, barked a sharp, quick feminine laugh, and invited him by the most eloquent airs and gestures to go and have a Toll and tumble on the flowery mead. " No! " he growled, as he sorrowfully shook his head, repressing by a violent effort every movement of the tail that might, indicate pleasure. "No, FLORA! the time is over with n»e for vanities. Either give me possession of your heart or never expect to see your POMPEY caper again. Another month of this uncertainty would plunge me into hydrophobia." This eloquently mute appeal (for he had only expressed himself in inarticulate growls) stirred some dormant feelings in FLORA'S breast of a tenderer nature than she had hitherto felt, or the inherent love of admiration, so natural to the female heart, would not suffer her to lose her dominion over him, for she came close to her shaggy lover, and in the most insinuating and endearing maimer rubbed her nose to his. Had this been the first time she had done so, there is no doubt he would have drawn the most flattering conclusions from her condescension, but alas! she had often treated him as kindly before only tQ beguile hiin s and instead of being deluded by what ho felt was coquetry, it only brought up more forcibly to hie recollection tbe many instances where his hopes had only been raised to be dashed to the ground. This time, then, his caudal appendage moved, but in no playful mood—it stiffened and stood erect like quills upon the fretful porcupine, or like the tail of the old British lion as depicted upon many an ancient statue—while by an angry snarl he gave the Lady FLORA notice to quit his presence. " Why, you cross old thing," her eloquent actions said as she flitted about him, " Why can't you come and be jolly without expecting more than friendship can offer. I am so young'—she continued to frisk—" that I am not at all fitted for the station you wish me to fill. There's nothing in the world I hate so much as little blind puppies— or stay, is it puppies that are born blind, or only kittens? Upon my word I don't know." A heavy groan burst from the doggy breast of POMPEY as Bhe ran so lightly along. Unwittingly she had touched upon one of the most sensitive points in his character—his love of offsprir - :; and he could not bear to think that she for whom he would have sacrificed his last bone was treating lightly—almost scoffing—at the most sacred feelings of- his breast. He knew whether pups were born blind or not— he had been the sire of some ; and now to be told by the merry little woolly, thoughtless thing whom he loved so madly, that she neither knew nor cared anything about the matter, was deeply distressing. "I'drather be the dog I am, and bay the moon," said he, " than such a humbug." " POMPEY," she indignantly yelped, " bay not me. I'll not endure it. You say you are an older dog than I am—parent of many pups. If so, prove it; make your boasting true, and behave as such. Come and play now, or I declare solemnly I'll go and amuse myself all day with CARLO, and keep company with him, and him alone." " I kiiew it," said the hoarse growl of the indignant POMPEY; " you want an excuse to go to that curly, effeminate, unregistered brute, and leave one who values the very tip of your tail more than the choicest bone in the butcher's shop. By CERBERUS, your minion shall suffer for it." So saying, he rushed from her presence, and with downcast tail, but clenched teeth and lowering jaws, trotted heavily over the grass. [Mi 1 . NAYLER broke down at this point. He politely requested Sir WALTER'S ghost to go to bed, or take a spell in any other spiritual manner that would lie most conducive to his comfort, and we must therefore beg those of our readers who are interested in the story to live till the novel is published in full.] 