ADDITIONAL ENGLISH MAIL NEWS. IN addition to our telegrams of Tuesday and Wednesday last in anticipation of the English mail, we give the following from the Sydney Morning The) aid of the same dates - LATEST TELEGRAMS TOULON, January 13 At the Kew Year's Day reception at the Tuileries the Emperor said that the year 1870 could not but consolidate the good relations that existed between France and the European Powers, and increase the concord of universal civilisation In replying to the congratulations of the Chambers, His Imperial Majesty said, " Never was an understanding between us more necessary, and for mutual benefit more advantageous than now Your privileges have been increased without diminishing the position I hold from the nation Sharing the responsibility of the great bodies of the State, I am more confident of over coming the difficulties of the future I am like a traveller who, after a long journey, relieves himself of a portion of his burden which does not weaken him, but he rather gathers fresh courage and continued for ce" The constitution of the new Ministry gives great satisfaction the French Chambers assembled on January 10 M Olivier, in a short speech said that the principles and aspirations of the Ministry were already known While in power, these principles would remain the same When other members obtained a majority they would hasten to transfer to them the burden of public affairs Ledru Rollin has been permitted to return to France Mr John Blight, in a speech at Birmingham, said that the difficulty of the Irish land question increased with examination, but he hoped for a satisfactory solution The difference between the Sublime Porte and the Viceroy is finally settled , the Viceroy has surrendered all the iron dads and breach loading in tillery A steamer, drawing seventeen feet, passed successfully through the Suez Canal Sir W Mansfield remains an extra rear as Commander in Chief in India His successor is expected to be Sir Hope Grant Lord Napier will probably fill an important post in the India Office in London The entire capital is subscribed for the Australian Submarine Telegraph Company, to connect Singapore with Port Darwin The line is to be completed and ready for work in 1871 AMERICA The President's Message, alluding to the Alabama affairs holds England guilty of one mous wrong to America by our unfriendliness he would insist on an apology besides heavy damages Further diplomatic correspondence on the subject has been published Negotia- tions when resumed must be conducted at Washington and avoid the blandishments of English society the present American Ministers afford small hopes of a speedy settlement Orders are issued for the establishment of military rule in Georgia The. President has signed the Reconstruction Bill A public funeral has been authorised for Mr Peabody's tem has Congress has refused a renewal of the Rev. procity treaty with Cuba The House adopted a resolution against repudiation by 123 against 1 The World's Fair at Washington takes place in 1870 The Isthmus of Darien canal project is received The Fenians are preparing a hostile expedition against Canada, und an inflammatory manifesto is circulated through Inland The Cuban insurrection is dying out GENERAL SUMMARY LONDON, December 31 On the 15th, a deputation, introduced by Earl Bury, visited Earl Granville it consisted of the Duke of Manchester, Viscount Milton, the Hon H Kinnaird, Mr Hamilton, Mr Edward Wilson, Mr Walker, 2 Mr Carter, Dr Wray, Mr Labilliere, Mr Young, Mr Sutherland, Mr Tobin, Mr Sewell, Mr. Storr, Mr Youl, Mr Goodlet, Mr Booth, Mr Louthwaito, Mr Roach, the Rev Mr Hornung, Colonel Synge, and Dr Eddy The ostensible object of the interview was to disavow hostile intention s towards the Colonial Office, in a circular issued last August, and to urge a modification of the present system of administration of colonial affairs The principal speakers were Bury, Youl, Manchester, Sewell, Viscount Milton, and Tobin Earl Granville said he could not assume any blame for the misconceiving the spirit of the circular as Illus trated by the tone of recent meetings, but he had not allowed this to influence him in the despatch to the colonial Governors Jits ob jectora had proposed a Conference of a twofold nature, but it was not agreeable to the colonists themselves, and was not calculated to accomplish the object sought "Lbc first objection was confirmed d by the want of response to the circular which Lord Bury has ascribed to Earl Granville's despatch Earl Granville thought it was starting the Conference while exciting the jealousy of the larger colonies, which would em b grass the Minister, and diminish his responsibility , he considered the proper mode of communication was by the Secretary through the Governors to the Colonial Governments Earl Granville disavowed the remarks attributed to him respecting the separation of New Zealand, the present misunderstanding was like a matrimonial squabble, which would be aggravated by any attempt to define the relations of the colonists with the mother country he was intensely dissatisfied with the interview The Times and Daily News thought Earl Granville's quizzing speech would extinguish the agitation , but at the last meeting a resolution was proposed to form a National, Colonial, and Emigration League, and whether the next mail will report a disapproval of their proceedings remains to be seen An abloandsugge«tivo paper, by Sir H Drummond Wolfe on the constitution, functions, and standing of the Colonial Council, appears in the Times the Spectator urges that envoys should be sent from English speaking colonies, so that they may be in constant communication with the Imperial Government Mr Ross urges the speedy completion of a graphic communication with Australia, as calculated to increase immigration, by annual lating the prejudice against distance A movement has been initiated to amalgamate the Metropolitan Emigration Societies, and Government aid is still invoked Mr Tallerman had an interview with the Emperor Napoleon respecting the extension of cheap Australian meat dinners to France Au Emigrant Colonists' Aid Co operative Society is announced with a capital of £250 000 More warehouses for storing wool at reduced charges will be opened at Mills all Docks in February Admiral Porte has affronted the Governor of St Helena the office of Master of the Mint has been abolished There have been destruction of gates on the coast, with heavy nuns, great floods, and high tides These were followed by the frost and snow of true Ghi almost wanting the iron roof of King's College dining-room give way and fell in but happily the Depart merit was unoccupied at the time " The disaster "is- occasioned by the vibration from an ad. ) ( -Mg tramway no chimera report states that there are cracks, in the granite columns of the Holborn viaduct but that there is no danger to be apprehended from the direct the Rifle Volunteers- are to be gradually called in at the conclusion of their term of si mee At the Smithfield Cattle Show there were cases of foot and mouth disease discos ood Numerous arrivals were detained at the Agricultural Hall, Islington The punishment of flogging has been withered upon eight gan offers Broadhead, after some serie comic farewell gatherings, departed for America Efforts are being made to secure co-operation between the Poor Law authorities and the Voluntary Relief agencies, for avoiding waste and imposture. A testimonial, in the shape of a cheque for £1340, was presented to the Rev. Thomas Binney after a pastorate of forty years. The Times censures the South Australian Government for its conduct in reference to the Bank of South Australia and the purchasers of land in the Northern territory. Tennyson's new book has been published "The Holy Grail." Charles Matthews is taking farewells prior to leaving for Australia. The three Bishops of Exeter, Bath and Wells, and the Falkland Islands, were consecrated on the 21st of December, at Westminister Abbey. The opposition to Dr. Temple was maintained to the last ; four formal protests were entered against him he declined to disavow sympathy with the "Essays and Reviews." John Still intimates that his Episcopal brethren will cut him after his confirmation. On his election, Dr. Wilberforce paid a visit to the Queen, and was invested with the Order of the Garter. A warm testimonial has been presented to Dr. Temple by his former pupils. A suffragan bishop to the Primate of Canterbury has been appointed by the Government. Mr. Hayman's appointment to the Head mastership of Rugby School has been severely criticised, but was confirmed by the trustees. Parliament has been summoned to meet on the 8th February. IRELAND. Owing to the vigor of the Government in regard to the state of Ireland three months ago, public feeling has been much relieved. Rein forcements of troops to operate in moving columns have been sent, and the threat of the Government to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act has paralysed the Fenian leaders. Two incendiary priests have been suspended. The dreaded anniversary of the defence of Derry passed without disturbance. Several attempted assassinations are reported : one was accomplished by barbarous mutilations. Two gunsmiths' shops at Dublin were entered and plundered by armed men. Two constables were shot at Limerick. The country has been visited by a terrible storm. In Limerick some old houses were blown down. Many persons were killed. SPAIN. Prim obstinately adheres to the candidature of the young Duke of Genoa, despite the opposition of his family and friends. Constitution guarantees are restored. The strength of the army is fixed at 80,000. A commission has been appointed to inquire into the disappearance of the Crown jewels. During the Christmas recess Ministers have gone on a hunting expedition to the mountains of Toledo, accompanied by a strong guard. Two Republicans compromised in the late rising have been executed. Salnerno, ex-Minister for Finance, was stabbed by a former colleague from revenge. The sale of Church and National property has been resumed. PORTUGAL. The Government is becoming unpopular and weak ; Duke Saldanha, a popular military chief, aged 90, attacking the Ministry. An in- surrection appeared imminent, and the War Minister resigned. ITALY. Considerable excitement has been produced by the dissolution of a congress at Naples held in opposition to the Ecumenical Council. Several countries were represented by de- parties The Loan Council meets next September in Switzerland. Forty lives were lost by an inundation of the Arno at Piso. Santa Maura has been totally destroyed by an earthquake. I The OEcumenical Council opened on the 8th, j amidst gloom, rain, booming of cannon, once pealing of the bells of 160 churches. 800 cycle- I spastics were present, and thousands of specta- ' tors. The order of service was most, the man- I gural discourse by the Archbishop of Iconium, the Papal benediction, the homage of members of the Council to the Pope and to the Holy Ghost, and a To Deum. Subsequent sittings were with closed doors. Already there are no- ' ports of dissension and intrigues amongst the Fathers, and a strong opposition of French, German, and American bishops to the dogma of infallibility, but subtle measures are taken by the Pope and his Jesuit advisers to stifle discussion by remitting obnoxious subjects to safe committees. The Bull communicated at the second meeting has occasioned surprise and indignation. If the infallibility project is insisted on a great disruption is probable The Council is expected to sit for six months. The French ambassador has warned the Pope of the probable consequences of his high-handed proceedings. One Cardinal is dead. It is conjectured that Cardinal Manning will be the next Pope. CALCUTTA. A splendid ceremony in connection with the Duke of Edinburgh's visit took place, when he was invested as Knight of the Star of India, in presence of the English and native knights, at a chapter of the order held at Rael. Earl Mayo is the Grand Master. The Duke left Calcutta and has gone hunting. Stops are being taken to open up new coal- fields by affording means for railway communication. BOMBAY. H.M.S. Daphne and Nymph have returned to Bombay from the Persian Gulf; five turbulent chiefs, leaders in the late disturbances, were brought prisoners. Arrangements are being made for a public line of steamers between Bombay and Trieste, via the Suez Canal, which appears likely to change the character of the trade to the East, which will now be carried by steamers. Much of that will go direct to various southern European ports instead of to England. JAPAN. December 19. Several commercial companies have started at Jeddo ; they purpose raising mill machinery and building steam vessels. A contract for the construction of a railway has been taken, and a loan concluded by Mr. H. W. Loy. He represents some capitalists who entrusted him with money for loaning to the Japanese Government, for the construction of reproductive public works. He now advances £1,000,000 sterling to the Government for a line from Osaka to Yeddo. The line will be constructed by English engineers, to be the property of the Government. The Japanese Government are about to issue new dollars, with subsidiary coins the issue is viewed favorably by foreigners. 