WHAT WILL THE SYDNEY - ROMANISTS DO ? We have been .patiently waiting to see what our fellow colonists of the Romish Church will do in connexion -with the question of Infallibility. The dogma has been voted at Rome. It is now one of the articles of the Church of the Pope, that the Pope is personally infallible. The dogma has been voted by majority merely. Several of the most eminent of the Prelates of the Church, in difterent coun tries, have objected and protested. Yet a majority have confirmed the proposition, and in spite of the protestations of those eminent men who have answered " no," the dogma has been promulgated to the faith of "the faithful." It will now be at the .peril of salvation that any one rejects or doubts the truth. It is now required of eveiy Romanists that he en aniino avow the dogijia. Implicitly he must believe on pain of heresy. The usual anathema accompanies the promulgation of the dogma. If any man say that the Pope is not infallible, or that he is liable to ere, he must fi.'om henceforth be held to be " ac cursed." .How much efficacy there is in this " curse," is not the question. How far any man's salvation will really be im perilled by the anathema of the Comicil of the Vatican is of no consequence. Al though the unbelieving .woild will be no ' worse than before, and the rejecting nations will be as safe as before, it is still a fact that the Pope and the Council of the Vatican have consigned all unbelievers of 'the dogma of Infallibility to perdition, un less they repent, and the anathema pro- !nounced is now being cai'ried in tjie mail bags in official bulls to all countries in the ; world, and to this country in parlicidar. \ We should indeed like to Icnow how the Protesters will act Avho have formed the i large and intelligent and influentiaT mi nority in the Council at Rome. Some of the American Bishops, as well as some of the continental dignitaries, have spoken i strongly, and uSed arguments which seem to close the door against any withdrawing. Hoav will they act in opposition to the formal decree 1 Will they recant 1 Will they still protest and incur the cur.se 1 Will they submit their judgnient to the Infallible yoice of the chief shepherd, to whose voice ty have tormaliy qemeii in fallibility ? , Or, Avill they form a party and split the Chnfch' by a neiv Reforma tion ? The que.stion . is fraiight with deepest interest to the '.religious life and liberty of the Avorld, and the. terrible Avar Avhich is now raging in Europe, as Avell as the attitude of several of the nations Avhich used to be the right hand of the Papacy, gives to the question ipeculiar significancy. But there, is another question, aflectmg interests nearer home, Avhich how press into prominence. : What Avill the ,Roinan-_ ist of these colonies do Avith reference to this dogma of consummated biasphemy 1 ; What Avill the Romanists of Nbav South ; Wales do in reference to this question?; When they are formally demanded to add; this dogma to their creed by a- Bull from, the Pope, ' threatening pains and damna tion to all Avho disbelieve it, Avhat Avill they do ? When the Archbishop, Bishoj)s and ; Priests are required as the subalterns of the Pope in this colony to give this ncAv; article to the creed of the peoplej .and to, require the aisseht and, consent of the peo ple to this dogma, at the risk of salvation —-What ; Avill they do ? When these; Reverend officers of the Pope receive official announcement of the fact,, that, the Holy Ghost, through the mbu of a lot of old men at Rome, hath declaiw the Pope to be the Infallible Doctm-, Eather, dnd Pastor of the . Church,' and Vicar of Chi-ist,; to Avhom personallA'they and all men must submit .as the ;-, voice of Godto' the Avorld, and order bells to' , be r iing, masses .to be said, candles to be: lighted, and indulgences to be promulgated in honor of the eyeht — What; Avill ' bur ; Sydney laynien do, avIio,; Avhile aybwing.. connexion Avith the Chiirch of Rome, i pride; themselves in asserting that they thiiik; for themselves and are not 'under the domination and dictation of the Priests ?, : What aa'ill . these liberal and in dependent and intelligent .Catholics do? What Avill our Butlers do who .deny .that "the Priests; keep' their conscience and overaAve their ihtelhgeiice ? What will bur DaUeys do avIio say that Catholic lay men are as free to think . on : all : questions as Protestants ? What Avill our Murrays do Avhp really belong /to the " Church of the imattached ?" And as for our Jennings, Pitzpatiicks, Leries, Dillaiis and Fosters, Avho . resent , the imputation that they I'e- ceive instruction from the Priests how to vote, and claim that their judgments are fi-ee and untrammelled, how will they act Avhen their spiritual fathers tell them that if they do not believe that the Pope is In fallible they cannot bo saved, and they must go to perdition? Of course the , Fallons and the Kellys and such like, Avill illusti'ate their faith by swalloAving everything which their priests may pro- pose to them, so as to live and die at peace Avith the Church, as the ark of salvation. But, beyond these drivellers, Avhat will the thousands of plain, intelligent, thinking Romanists do Avho are accustomed to enjoy Protestant liberty — Avho are living in com- paratiA'e comfort amongst us — andwbo are " Avont to cherish opinions of their OAvn in spite of the Priests ? What will all these do, when the Bull has come, and St. Mary announces, by the peal of her bells, that the Holy Father is Infallible, and that the Avhole Avorld is commanded to bOAV doAvir- and worship? Will they all as sent ? Will a loud and united " Amen" rise from all the Romanists of Noav South Wales ? Will they go in a body and sing Te Deiim ? Are Ave to have the humiliat ing and blasphemous spectacle enacted in Sydney which aa'us Avitnessed iir J udea — a Avhole people cryiirg out, " It is the voice . of a God ?" Is there no one who avUI pro-- test? Is there none to assert his own freedom and manliness ? Is there no one, neither priest or layman, to refuse such homage to a moi-tal man ? Is there' no one , Avho Avill feel and say that his intelligence is insulted, and his christian manliness put to shame, by having proposed to his faith a dogma so monstrous in itself, and so fraught Avith uncharitablencss to the faith of others? We shall see. It be hoves all Protestants to Avatch naiTOAvly. This Avill be the crucial test of Roman ; Catholic liberality and independence. 'This Avill be the grand demonstr-ation of dioav little or Iioav much British sympathy 'and loyalty exists in Romanists. Pro testants Avill learn _from this Iioav far Romanists are their OAvn masters, and Iioav far they are permitted to think for them selves. Protestants Avill see from tliis Avhat j)rospe is before thep| Avhen the in terests of the Pope and those of the Queen come into collision. Protestants Avill see from this that the loyalty of Romanists is only on their lips ; ybr InfcdlibUity has its 91(1 bbS (AJtibb (.I'd bbO-'i fibbywibO KftbVt f the Pope, -as infallible, is exalted not oiily as the Iprd of the conscious and faith, of all men, but as the Icing of Icings and lord of lords, " to raise and put doAvn, to build and destroy," both' nations and kingdoms ac cording to his aa'ill. We say, again,, tliere fore, that the qirestion Avhich ;Av:e haA'e now started, " What aauII the Romanists ofNcAv Sou til Wales clorespecting the Tnfallibility Dogma ?" is one in Avhich 'all Protestant people in this colony ; are deeply concexmecV; pne in Avliich their . religious and political lights ' and liberties are involved;: one Avhich affects the social standing of Roman ists as our neighbours and acquaihtah'ces, friends or nearer: relatives ; ami: one, there fore, iwhich may some day very soon in fluence the politics and peace of the colony. Protestants are already "heretics" iii the teaching of the Chiu-ch, and, as such are yeaiiy doomed to endless perdition jAbiit here a new" curse" is about to be brought to , us, and our Romish neighboiii'S : , are about to be instructed in tlie art of; .re peating it ! What shall we do ? Whalt to be done ? ; ; . ERnAatv.-Se-vferar errata in literals' ocdiuTecl > in .last .Aveelc's issue. Make the . follb-w- iiig corrections, in; some of the most important. ;in Leader, .fParramatta Light,"'4th'pagci'3rd column, for, Avill' n&uer.; cbm'ei't 'a Eomanibtf' ;read,': "'avUI ewer, &c.; In Leader, ;";Spirit ' of the Press, 4tli .page, 4tli coliimn,'for, '" ihohey- :maldhg, siJeculatiou," read, .mqiiey-making . sp'eculators. .Page 5tli, column Ist, .for ' ''quallity of their advertisements," read;, quality;" &c.; Same ijage, 2nd column,. fo.i;, .'.' show up Report,"' . read,', ''drew, up, . &c.; 'Same page 3rd cbhirnn, . for, ;'' Uniterian - Minister,'' .'reacl,' '' Unitariah Minister and, for, . '' PiUcii in " a. iPit;": rea'tl .'I'PiUar, " (fcc. In note, ''St.AhdreAvIs CoUegi'' for, "caiiditature,'? readi '': candidature.'' Me. MAC<uvrnuE's LA.STAwEAJ.;-dun'cadCT Avill have notic'ed'in the JTerald aii appeal from the above Kov. geritlemah, to aU,' fib vers; of truth .to, lend him , a copy of John .Wesley's .original.-vyritings'." He Avants some iraportarit . passages Avhioh have beeii suppressed in ; later editions.; And Avhen . ho 'has made good use of the: said passages, ho promises to return tho book safely. Mr. Macarthur Avill be obliged to us for giA'ing his appeal this adtlitional publicity Avithbut charge. We are anxious to help him to make a " good use of Mr. Wesley's works;" And still more are Ave anxious to help him in producing a standard book, which he has promised, on the subject of the "DiAine Insti tution of Bishops." Woe unto the Wesleyans if Mr. Macarthur should get hold of the sim- pressed passages ! When he proves that; Mr. Wesley had high church, notions he avOI liiive demonstrated that Apostolic succession is tho freat " Koinouia of the true church!" ' When e.has shoAvn that Mr. Wesley did not ivish to MM .. i-i leave the Church of England he will have demonstrated that the Wesleyans who never belonged to the Church of England, have un churched themselves by not returning to it ! In fact, by the suppressed passages m Mr. Wesley's works, Mr. Macarthur will demonatr.ate that gas secretaries have no right "to rebuke an elder," and that in the AVesley.an Church there are no sacr.aments, no orders, no ministers, no nothings, because it is not a part of the Church of England I Mr. Grevtli.e'.s Election. — In the return of Mr. Greville the Ministry has lost another seat. Kelly -was supported on every side by the priests and their crew. Notwithstanding th.at his election on Last occasion was c.arried by means which deserve reprob.atioii, .and which turn elec tions into a farce, these rev. gentlemen and their ignorant crew would give their support to him. No -infamy or corruption is sufficient to m.akc these men respeet the laws and institution of our country. So long .as their own objects .arc secured they c.arc nothing for the country. They woxild ruin the country if b.y so doing tlicir church was to be served. This election is a proof of the usefulness of establishing branches . of the Protestant Politie.al Assoeiation. Had not the Protest.ants been rallied by .an orgiiniza- tion come into existence since the last election,, Kelly must have been successful ag.ain. His public.an influence, and the .aid of the priests, had plaeed.the district entirely in the power of the Church and Ministry ; but the P. P. A. branch has broken the pl.an, .and put in a man of a very different stamp. We hope Mr. Qreville will acquit himself well, and prove that the confidence reposed in him has not beeii mis judged. . Sydnea' Ineirjiary Aoain. — AVe h.ave heard that the Miss Osburn business is not settled yet. Her management at last wiU, rcw.ard the sub committee for their Late labours to defend .and cover her. She, h.as outwitted the whole of those soft gentlemen who rushed so g.allantly to defend the lady, and who wOuld not permit even a mouse to cheep against her. - She has -well paid them with insult. It w.as the desire of those committee gentlemen, when the three years ' engagement with the lady and sisters on the p.art of the Government- had elapsed, to make, as a Boai-d, fresh eng.agements with her, emiiowcring lier ,to keep what . sisters and nurses she might phoosc. But the lady h.ad no idea of being subject to the gentlemen who h.ad defended her. She had no idea of submitting herself to a Board --vho might some d.ay be com pelled to bring in a very different kind, of ''report" from the one recently made so -famous. She would f.ar rather be under the Government as a Government official, counten anced by the aristoci-acy, such as the Coloni.al Secretary, the Governor, &c.; We licai-, there fore, that the Coloni.al Seci-eJai-y, -who so me.anly lent himself to dismiss sisters who h.ad resigned, and who then, more me.anly still,; when the sisters resented his dismissal, withdrew' his letter of dismiss.al and substituted a more )6ite one, has appointed the laJu to be "L.ady -Superior" still ! How -will the eommittee gentle men apiireeiate this ? , 'Is not this .a' rich r-ew.ard to them for the "lady sycophancy " which they recently exhibited ? The Vac.ynt Po.stmastersitip. — Wo he.ar tli.at the v.acant office of Post-master-Gener.al is likely to be conferred on' Mr. Thomas Garrett.' The Ministry c.aii scarcely pass over this faithful friend, now th.at an office has opened for- liim, for which he is far more elimblc th.an the gentle- m.an was who has recently deceased. The ability of Mr. Eg.an for such an office was not to be ooinpared with th.at of Mr. Garrett. And as for services rendered deserving rew.ard there is no friend on the ministerial side of, the House whose cl.aims are at all equal to those of the member for Shoalhaven. It is said th.at Mr. Co-wper objected to confer the office of "Lands" on Mr. Garrett, having determhied th.at that office should be held by one more worthy and more able ; but no such objection can be started to the appointment of Mr. Garrett to the Post Office. We have every reason to believe that he would be a vast improvement on his pre decessor. It is rumoured that Mr.' D.alley may he induced to accept the post. The Funeral Procks.sion. — Something veiy significant w.as meant .by the dumb show of the Archbishop's cmpUj carriage following the re mains of the late Mr. Egan. The Archbishop would not go himself to honor the dead, but he -sent his horses, liis coachman, .and the coach itself to do £lie mourning ! - Father Sheehy mourned too, and he is the Vicar General.' Alas 1 the Vicar mourned, but he would not take the body to St. Mary's to pray for the repose of the soul of the deceased ! The Governor, too, sent his emjtty carriage. See how -vice-regal the prince of the church acts. Lord Belmore sends his horses and his small men ; so does Lord Folding. But the foi-mor has nothing to do with purgatory, while the latter is the chief keeper of the key of absolu- . tion, and the chief remitter from the fire of purgatory ! Would the empty carriage and the two horses be as efficacious as the arch key- keeper himself ? More Blasphemy v. " More Light." — Last week we gave our readers specimens of Sydney blasphemy uttered by the Unitarian minister, in his " duck weed literature." Here follow a few more. "We question," says this great philo- sopher, " if the writings of heathen cosmogonies contain anything more absurd than the narrative that introduces us to our first parents, Adam and Eve." "Almost every statement involves a trans parent impossibility." "What can be more absurd than the rape of Adam's rib for the pur pose of creating Eve." "An outrageous and in credible operation." Then, when this great philosopher refers -to the statement, " God made the firmament and divided the waters, &c.;, and it was so," he tells his readers that he accepts the responsibility of saying that 'it was not so !" for, adds this blaspheming spirit, as the sacred penman was " ignorant of the true theory of the formation of rain, he fabricated a hypothesis of his own." Then, when he refers to the promise that every herb yielding seed, ,&c.;, was given for food, &c.;, and " it was so,'' he meets the statement with his usual contra diction — " it 'was not so." Then, he has all the stale blasphemies of Tom Paine cooked up afresh about the talking serpent -which " chopt logic," and he offers "twenty pounds for any snake that is well up in Hebrew." Then he mocks at the "tree of knowledge," and asks for a "tree of compound multiplication !" " This wonderful tree," says he. " might possibly have imbibed a little geology, and the fruit might in consequence be flavoured with some information anticipatory of Hutton's theory !" Then he says some very flippant things about our " respected progeni tors" being "pitiful idiots," and winds up by affirming that the narrative divested of childish- ness is contemptible — beneath notice — an apology for another absurdity, viz., the doctrine of the Atonement !" No doubt -this Unitarian is very clever. All things are known to him. The Bible is unable to teach him anything. From the theory of rain down to the theory of punish ment all is plain to him. Yet he wants the Bible " revised." He hopes that the revision will make his Unitarianism more respectable than it is. But this is vain. The "new ver sion " — a translation by Unitarians, well known to every student, is about the most corrupt and false translation palmed upon the credulity of scoffing Painites ; but even in this so-called "improved version" Unitarianism is convicted of the blaspheming spirit so plainly exhibited in the pages of the Sydney monthly,- "More Light." Strange to say that the scoffing of Unitarianisin, as revealed in the "More Light" pages, speaks well of "Infallibility." This railer at "atonement" says of the Romish Church that " she goes into the lanes and byways of the world inviting, with gentle words and soothing influences, those many waifs and strays of- society, who, but for her, might be for ever buffeted about on the storm tossed waves of the religious world !" What a Unitarian comment on the ministry of female priests, the principle of which is a slander on marriage, and the theory of which is a gross insult to every married woman ! 