Police Courts, Tkis Day CENTRAL POLICE COURT. fRefnre Messrs. Pearce and Soence.) Henry Hamilton was charged with stealing a bag of potatoes of the value of 7s Cd. ; he was sent to gaol for three months. Same party was also ordeied to pay 18s, or seven days, for wilfully damaging a pair of uniform tronsers the nronerty of New South Wales Govern ment. Joseph Hartley was fined 20s, or fourteen days' gaol, for making use of obscene language. Margaret Bice, Mary Ann Pritchard, Susan Graham, and Elizabeth M'Clusky for being drunk and dis orderly, were fined 20a, or seven days. Emily Walker, for riotous behaviour in Castlereagh I street, was mulct in the amount of 20s., or three days. Henry Walker was fined 20s, or three days' gaol, for resisting a constable in the execution of his duty. Bridget Bramble and Bridget Mooney, idle and dis orderly characters, were sent to gaol for six months. Elizabeth M 'dusky, for making use of indecent language, was fined 40s, or one month, Margaret Creed was fined 5s, or two days' gaol, for being drunk and disorderly. Mary Holoney, an idle and disorderly character, was tent to gaol for three months. \- Thomas Wyatt was sent to gaol for three months' for stealing a Crimean shirt of the value of Cs 6d. (Before Captain Scott and Mr. Evans.) Elvina Crane, for assaulting Pamella Pretty, was fined Is, and costs of court, ortwenty-four Lours' gaol. —Rachel Robinson, for a breach of the Masters and Servants' Act : dismissed, the information being informal— Ann Low v. J. K. Low, maintenance. No parties.— Agnes Hogan, a breach of the Tenement Act: withdrawn.— John M'Cormick v. Charles Norton, also a breach of the Tenement Act: a warrant was ordered to issue, to lie in the office seven days ; also -to pay 6s 24 costs of court, levy and distress, or seven days. — Henry Jelly v. Anne M'Donald and Ellen Bourke, both breaches of the Tenement Act : warrants were ordored to issue, to lie in the office seven days ; to pay 6s 2d costs of court, 10s Cd professional costs, levy and distress, or seven days. Mr. Croft appeared in the three last cases. Emily Porter, Thomas Mackay, alias Ooglen, and Ann Barton, were charged with being concerned in burglariously breaking and entering the Builders' Arms public-house, in Sussex-street, and stealing therein goods and moneys of the value of L2. Con stable Larkins deposed ho went to a house in Sussex street, in company with sergeant Go Wrick and con stable Mulqueeny. Larkjus saw a box there. Searched it and found therein ten pawn tickets and a purse, Defendant Porter told witness to take care of them as they were her property. Found two belts. Porter claimed one of the belts as hers ; also found four letters in the box. Between 9 and 10 o clock on Sun day night in company with constable Mulqueeny, witness arrested tne male prisoner Mnckay in Pitt street, He took him to the police station, and charged him with the burglary, which occurred on the night of the 6th, or the morning of the 7th of November. In answer to the charge, Mackay said he was not guilty. Searched him, and found a pawn ticket on him. Prisoner asked Mackay to look at all the articles produced in court, and which he took from the box ; witness positively swore that the three prisoners lived in the neighbourhood of the Builders' Arms, at the time the robbery took place. Mackay looked at the letters (produced), and said they were his. Also produces a memorandum book, which prisoner admitted to be his. Witness believes the writing in the memo, book and the letters to be the same. The following is a copy of one of the letters that was written by the prisoner Mackay:— 'No doubt this is an unexpected letter ; but you will find if we are void of honesty that we still retain feel ing hearts. No doubt you will ask yourself how I became possessed of the knowledge that this ring was given to you by your husband for a keepsake : but that matters not. Your own (sense will tell you that it is not fear that prompts me to return it, but feeling, and the time-honoured maxim of 'Honour among thieves.' Perhaps it may be our lot hereafter to answer for this. If it be, I hope you will not be biased by any of our esteemed friends the police ; for if you and yours were to speak the truth you could not accuse anyone posi tively, as the night upon which you were robbed was the laatperformanoe of Sheppard'E ghost. We are now going away. We will most certainly call in a few months to see you. No more at present from your Midnight Friend.' On the application of constable Larkins, a remand was granted until Monday next; bail allowed — selves in £50 and one approved surety of £50. Mr. Carroll and Mr. Robinson defended the prisoners. The Cohe or the Dbunkabd. — A man long noted for intemperance was induced by the Rev. John Abbot to sign a pledge, 'in his own way,' which he did in these_ words :— 'I pledge myself to drink no more intoxicating liquors for one year.' Few believed he could keep it, but near the end of the year he again appeared at a temperance meeting, without having touched a drop. 'Are you going to sign again?' asked Mr. Abbot. ' Yes ; if I cau do it in my own way,' replied he, and accordingly he wrote: 'I sign this pledge for 999 years, and if I live till that time I intend to take out a life lease.' A few days after he called upon the tavern-keeper, who welcomed him back to his old haunt. 'Oh 1 landlord,' said he, as if in pain, ' I have such a. lamp on my side.' 'That's because you've stopped drinking,' said the landlord, 'you won't live long if you keep on.' 'Will drink take the lump away J' ' Yes ; and if you don't drink you'll have one on thd other side. Come, let's drink together,' and he poured out two glasses of whisky. ( I guess I won't drink,' said the former inebriate, 'especially if keeping the pledge will bring another lump, for it isn't very hard to bear, after all ;' and with this he drew the lump — a roll of greenbacks — from his side pocket, and walked off, leaving the landlord to his sad reflections. _ Silk Cocoons.— We have had the opportunity of inspecting a couple of boxes of cocoons, samples of the third year's stock of Mrs. Hobbs, of Wagenga, about -hirty-Bix miles south of Moruya. The worms are fed upon the ordinary mulberry, find the cocoons are superb in appearance, particularly healthy, and exhibit a marked improvement upon lagtjwear's crop, many of them being, in fact, perfect moaHs of production. The natural test, the hardness of the cocoon, is all that tan be desired, and the result is extremely satisfac tory as illustrating the adaptability of the climate of New South Wales to silk culture. The grain was supplied by Mr. Brady, of Manly, and upon the 'fcength of his report upon the cocoons she has gathered, Mrs. Hobbs feels herself encouraged to continue her experiments. Mr. Hobbs, it appears, 'Pent three years among the silk farmers of Lombaidy, where silk is the main crop, and. furnishes almost the |-ole means of subsistence for the people, and he believes that the greatest success -would attend the establish ment of this profitable branch of industry in this colony. Boad Sieameb or New Zealand.— The fitting together of the road-steamer imported by Mr. J. L. Gillies was completed on the Eattray-street jetty at 4 « clock on Saturday afternoon. The fire was lit at five minutes past 4, and at a quarter to 5 the indicator showed a pressure of 151b to the square inch, of 301b *uhin the next fifteen minutes, and subsequently of 1201b. The steamer was driven from the Battray street jetty on to the reclaimed hind, where it was snrroanded by a large crowd. It was driven backward mid forward, and turned almost as if on a pivot. It tos then driven off the reclaimed land, along the jetty, *M when in Bond-street it went at the rate of about en miles an hour, leaving the admiring crowd benind. Saving been driven along Bond- street it was ™&en; across the vacant sections into Princes-street. Here it was stopped in a muddy hole on the edge of *™ footpath, tint came out of it with the greatest ease 'hen again started. Several stoppages took place during the trial, but they -were principally caused by the caution of those in charge, none of them having had experience in its working. Though handled with the greatest caution, it gave evident proof of being able » ran at a high rate of speed. The engine is of 12 ? horse power, and is guaranted to draw 174 tons up a ? pdient of 1 in 12. Its dead weight, with the coal I Sv ers anc^ tne water tanks full, is about ten tons. ? The cost in Edinburgh was L850, which is exclusive of ? the cart of the duplicates provided of the parts liable to ? ''jataga, and of the freight— Otago Daily Times. ? Motto fob The Eepretted.— ' No noose it good ? news.' I ^HT are farmers like fowls ?— Because neither nil ? get crops without industry. Bejcibkable Discovert of a Dbat. — Upon the subsidence of one of the floods in the Murrumbidgee a few months ago, a settler named P. M'liachlan found in the river near the Gininderra Creek portions of the ironwork of a bullock dray, which had apparently lain in the water many years. From the locality where the discovery was made there can be little donbt that the remains were those of a dray which was swept away near the same place, bulloeks and all, more than thirty years ago, in a foolish attempt to cross the river during a flood. In the year 1839 or '40— the circumstances are still well remembered by the old residents of the dis trict— the then superintendentof the Gininderra station insisted that the man in charge of a team of bullocks destined for the country across the river should make an attempt to eross, having already been detained some days by a flood. The water was etUl high, and the bullock-driver remonstrated, but in vain, and thereupon drove in his team, observing that it would never reach the other side. Almost immediately after, the bullocks and dray were carried down the stream, and the man only escaped with his life by getting out behind. The team was lost sight of, and never seen afterwards. Lately, however, the river in the locality where the accident occurred has somewhat changed its course, and now, amidst a lot of stumps of river oak, lately disembedded from the cand, some ironwork of a dray has been discovered— sll that remains of the very dray, in all probability, which thirty yean ago was swept away as described.— Queanbeyan Age. g^A few years rince, at the celebration of a national anniversary, a poor pedlar, who was present, being called udon for a toast offered the following : — 'Here is health to poverty ; it sticks to a man when all hie iejads desert Iiim*' I i 