THE PRESBYTERIAN TEA MEETING; The Annual Tea Meeting of the Avoca Presbyte rian Church took place on Monday evening last It is needless that we should say it was a success — for an unsuccessful tea meeting within a dozen miles of the " sweet vale" would be so rare a phe- nomenon that the number of persons drawn to witness it would make it a success; in spite of any thing beyond the rare fault of neglect in providing sufficient edibles. In fact the bare possibility of such an event might be worked to considerable advantage by an enterprising committee, and placed in large type on the placards as an additional attraction. However this may be, our Presby terian friends, on Monday last, fully sustained their reputation for the quality of the viands "provided, the tastefulness of the ornamentation, and the careful attention bestowed by the presiding ladies on every visitor who partook of tlieir generous hospitality and the absence of grumbling or dis content in any shape, as well as the good humored and smiling countenances of all assembled, testified to the satisfaction imparted by their determined efforts to please The table having been removed, the public meeting was inaugurated by singing the 25th Psalm, after which the Rev Mr Caldwell engaged; in prayer. The chairman (the Rev Geo. Mathers), theGj rose, and after some .remarks of a congratulatory nature said he would not trouble his hearers with a report for the reason that he had none prepared.. The circumstances of the Presb)terian Church; had9, in common with those of the other churches in, the neighborhood, been great ly affected by the de pression that has existed in the district for tlie past: twelve months £ the- congregation, had; become, reduced in number,, and the funds; had- not in, amount equalled the average of former years. He tru&'ed, however,, that as. the mining interests off the place progressed", and the prosperity of the- town became more firmly established, that a marked; improvement would be visible, not only in his own, church but also, in those of all other Christian denominations. To attain this, however, it was necessary that all should persevere in the course of godliness, asking the help of the power Divine, and firm faith might then be exercised that spiri tual and temporal prosperity would be freely given. The speaker then read letters of apology from the Rev Messrs Yeatman and Fiulay, and expressed his regret that the gentlemen named were unable to. attend. The place of the latter gentleman, how ever, was filled by the Rev Mr Caldwell, and he therefore hoped the audience would accept that gentleman as a worthy substitute.. The choir then sang the anthem, " Oh, be joyful in. thePord," with admirable precision. The Rev John Johnstone being called upon, said he believed it was necessary, to make a success ful plal form speaker, that a man should possess one essential qualification, that of funniness. He supposed it was for the reason that fun caused mirth, mirth created laughter, and laughter assisted digest:on ; which latter was very essential after the very bountiful and tempting banquet which had been prepared by the ladies in the early part of the evening. Having made a few remarks of a com plimentary nature on the skill, taste, and amiability of the fair providers of the tea, the speaker pro ceeded to enlarge upon the benefits of. the Chris tian religion — intellectually, socially, and morally. Mr Johnstone took a broad and exceedingly liberal view of his subject, adducing arguments worthy of every consideration. Everything that tended to the universal advancement of mankind deserved to be encouraged and supported. The ' hristian religion had advanced the cause of civilisation, had; raised man's moral status and swept away many, of the abuses and superstitions of the darker ages ;; it was the chief instrument in promoting the education of the masses, and for. these reasons, if for no other, it was deserving of the most strenuous, exertions of all sensible men in its behaif. Intel lectually considered, the speaker proved that it fostered science, art, and learning that while- Christian countries boasted men eminent in a'!, these, the lands where M ahomedanism and Bud- hism prevailed were destitute of any such examples; of progress. Christianity found the savage with out a written or grammatically constructed lan guage, without any fixed principles of justice or moral responsibility, and degenerated to the lowest- state possible for humanity to sink to, and within- half a century of their accepting its teachings they were admitted to the ranks of civilised life. The- benefits derived from the Christian religion, from a social noint of view, were equally market!, and in> none more so than in the treatment of women. For proof of this, attention was. directed to the manner in which the Mahomedans, Budhists, and Pagans treated their women compared to the chi valrous respect accorded to tlie weaker sex in Christian countries. The moral benefits were shown by an increased perception and observance of our responsibilities to each other individually and collectively, the tendency of nations as well as individuals that their actions should appear to be governed bv a due regard to the principles of justice ; and this was evidenced by the exertiqns. made by the European potentates engaged in the present calamitous war each to throw the blame- on the other. The New Testament condemned the- use of the sword, and. threatened punishment- against- those who ruthlessly and without, cause- engaged in warfare ; the Koran, on the ot her- hand, encouraged it, and promised the highest delights, of celestial bliss to those who fell while engaged" in- conflict; Christianity had also proved: a moral reformer in the way of teaching and enfor cing the principles of charity ; and to this fact we may doubtless owe the numerous hospi als and benevolent institutions so liberally supported in all Christian countries. Under the influence of Christianity the gladiatorial exhibitions of Rome had been abolished, infanticide had decreased, and crimes, which at one time had been encouraged,, were now punished with the utmost severity. As. a religion it suited all classes and conditions of men,, from the peasant to the king ; it suited all climates and advanced the welfare of mankind wherever it was accepted, and it might truly be termed the mother of civilisation. The speaker concluded an eloquent address, the arguments of which we but very btiefly notice, amidst considerable applause. Miss Pearson then sang a sacred piece, entitled! " Resignation," in £ most praiseworthy manner.. We are bound to say that this young lady is likely to prove a valuable addition to the musical talent of Avoca,, and if the continuous applause which greeted her effort on Monday night may be taken as a criterion, her vocal powers are likely to be fully appreciated. The Rev. Joseph Nicholson, having been introi duced by the chairman, expressed his desire to feel at home with his audience. When speaking to Scotch people he generally felt that he was "amang freends." He was attached to the Scotch lcirk perhaps because he was nearly as good as a Scotch man himself, his native town being near the Scottish; border. The speaker then told a Scotch story in a manner that showed he had not entirely forgo ten the Scottish dialect. ' He was not in the humor for- cracking jokes, and had almost concluded that his; speecKwas to be moving, soothing and satisfying, by that, meaning that if it were moving some might leave the building, if soothing, some might go to sleep and if satisfying, that they might be so satis-, fled that they would never invite him to speak again. This he would not wish and would rather send them away hungry than angry. The remain ing portion of this gentleman's speech having since caused considerable interest and discussion we present our readers with a report as near verbatim, as possible, and have been to extra trouble to secure correctness.. The speaker then proceeded as fol lows : — " I am going to perform, Mr Chairman, what I consider to be a duty both to your church and mine, and that is to enter a protest against any oclusiveness of one denomination over another Now, we have met with ministers who do not belong to ei' her ot our denominations, who have b eo so strangely educated as to think, and even to say, that their church is tlie onlv true church, that their ministers are the only true ministers, that their sacr;-ments are the only proper ones, aye, and that even marriages by other denominations are not legal, and that we Wesleyars and Presbyterians are jus usurping their God-given rights ; aud what is morc# they base all their fancied superiority upon their succession to the apostles. I would here explain that I have no wish to pick a quarrel with our Church of England friends, because they, or at least nine-tenths of them do not believe in the dogma of the apostolic succession, as it is taught by the High Church or Puseyite party and by the Church of Rome. I do not wish my remarks to be regarded as being personal, but as directed against what I choose to call a statement of error, I should not be at all surprised, however, if some of you are not thinking ' Well, can't he let this thing alone, it is hurting nobody 1" To this I respectfully demur. It is too important to be let alone. When pre sumptuous claims are made and asserted with great assurance many unthinking minds mistake assertion for proof and assurance for demonstration ; and if these assertions — that we are not true ministers- have any appearance of truth, then it is high time that we should know the real truth. The matter is far too important to pass by unheeded. If this particular section of a very good church had simply claimed that it was expedient that they should be able to point back to a succession of bishops from the present down to Peter, then we should never have said a word ; or if they had gone a little fur ther and vainly thought that such a succession would have given them a slight superiority over other churches, well then we might have just smiled at their vanity and let them alone. But when they claim to be the sole successors to the apostles, the only true ministers of Christ, and consign us poor fellows (who have never had an Episcopal ordina tion — and what is more, never want to have) to doleful shades, I say then it goes beyond a joke and demands a kind and yet firm statement of what the apostolic succession really is ; and I think, sir addressing the chairman, if I succeed in shewing that Presbyterian and Wesleyan ordinations are as valid as any High Church ones you ought to be thankful to me if you are not. There are two distinct claims made by these successionists : — I . That bishops by divine right are the sole succcs sors to the Apostles and governors of pastors and people , and that they are distinct front and superior to presbyters. You will no doubt think that as this claim is called a ' divine right' that they can abun dantly prove it from Scripture. It will no doubt surprise you to hear that many of the most eminent successionists have given up their attempts to prove it from the Scriptures, and admit with the learned Henry Dodwell that the sacred writers nowhere professedly explain the offices and ministries'. They now rely principally upon the testimony of the Christian Fathers. But that testimony is as pre carious as it is valueless to prove a divine right. To stand upon some allusive remark of an ancient church historian and to make that a divine right— a binding command upon us of the 19th century — is certainly a course of action that we do well to ques tion. No man should be required to prove a nega tive. This we are almost driven to do ; it properly belongs to the successionists to prove their case, therefore if I succeed in throwing any reasonable doubt upon the quality of the evidence, or succeed in thoroughly overthrowing the evidence that is made to sustain this suces? on heory, then we should all accede to the conclusion that it is a baseless fabric — a tradition of men and not a canon of scrip ture, Our friends the successionists take Christ's commission to his apostles as belonging exclusively to them — ' Go ye into all the world and preach th e Gospel to every creature, baptising them in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe ali things whatsoever I have com manded you, and lo I am with you alway, even to the end of the world.' Now, by what process of reasoning they make that passage teach that they are the sole successors of the apostles I cannot tell. I have never met an argument from it yet worth stating. There is simply the dogmatic assertion, ' there is our charter, deny it who dare.' It strikes me that they ought to prove thai the apostles' was a standing order for all time, and that there is a positive divine law saying who are the persons to succeed. But neither of these things are capable of proof; but on the ot her hand it is very clear that the apostles' was not a standing order for all time, like the orders of presbyters and deacons. The true apostles of Christ had powers -peculiar to the age, and these powers died with the age. For instance they claimed : — (1) Immediate vocation, that they received their apostleship not from men but from God ; (2) that they were taught the gospel by immediate revelation ; (3) that they were infal lible teachers, for if any preached any other gospel lie was to be accursed ; (4) a commission of authority over doctrine, and (5) last ly they had the power to work miracles. Now, will any of our modern.suc cessionists lay claim to these properties and powers ? If they can prove that they have them we will then acknowledge their succession and not before. For if they receive their apostleship from men and not direct from God, if they have to study their Bibles and systems of theology like other men, if they are liable to make mistakes both in their apprehension and promulgation of truth, and are thus unfitted for decisive authority concerning the standard of truth, and finally if they cannot work some miracles to convince such sceptical persons as myself, then I must say that they fail to prove that they possess any one essential qualification of an apostle in the prime and proper signification of that title. Why, the early Fathers felt this so keenly that Ambrose said they ' did not consider it decent for bishops to claim the title apostle as they were so inferior to them.' Eusebius says that ' Many were called apostles simply by way of imitation.' It is evident that the title ' apostle' in early days obtained a very wide significance: sometimes meaning a simple messenger of the church, sometimes any preacher of the Gospel was called an ' apostle,' and sometimes it was restricted to those who who were, as a Chris tian Father says, ' apostles, indeed.' St Augus tine speaks of four different classes of apostles in his day, and the third class were those "who were smuggled into the priesthood by popular favor." We therefore come to this conclusion that bishops who claim to be in this succession do not succeed either to the qualifications of apostles, or even to the exclusive and primaiy use of the title apostle. The truth is I can hardly see what they do succeed to at all ; they certainly do not succeed in proving their succession. Then the case of Timothy is cited and pleaded as a support to this successionist theory. Paul tells Timothy 'Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God that is in thee by the putting on of my hands.' This is said to be proof positive that Paul ordained Timothy a bishop ; but it is very clear that the gift which Timothy received by the laying on of Paul's hands was the gift of the Holy Ghost, the power to work miracles— -the same power which Simon Magus wished to buy for money. This gift could not be ordination or bishopric. To be told to stir up his ordination, or to stir up his bishopric, would be absurd. . But the point is proved beyond controversy that Timothy received a Presbyterian ordination when Paul says :—' Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery. It is worthy of note that Timothy is never styled a bishop in the Scriptures,- neither are any of the apostles. Timothy was said to do the work of an evangelist, and was ordained by the- presbytery. There is another catch made at Timothy to try and get him to prop this sinking cause, and that is when Paul says to Timothy, ' As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus when 1 went into Mace- donia.' Now this is regarded as proving beyond the shadow of a doubt that as Timothy was besought to 'abide still at Ephesus' that he must therefore have been the bishop of Ephesus, Now, sir, I have been very forcibly struck of late with this fact, that frequently persons who have precisely the same facts to lock at will coroe to precisely oppo site conclusions in reference to those facts. It is just so with this statement concerning Timothy. It is said that Paul besought him .to abide at Ephesus. Now to my mind it looks like begging a man to stay where he is compelled to stay. If Timothy was bishop of Ephesus then he was bound to abide there, and if he needed to be besought to stay, then it would seem as though he wished to shirk his duty and run off like some travelling Methodist preacher, without consulting either his chairman or the stationing committee. If Timothy was bishop of Ephesus, then, to say the least of it, if we may so speak it was not very obliging of Paul to go and put it on record in that way, that he had to beseech him to stay and do his proper work in his proper place. No ! I cannot believe that he was bishop of Ephesus, and even if he were it would prove nothing of moment. It is further contended that a bishop is superior to a presbyter— that they are ' spiritual princes,' ' vicegerents of the Lord,' and have power to coerce those who will not obey them. We, in reply, undertake to prove that ' bishop' and ' presbyter' are substantially the same, and that the Bible does not sanction anything approaching that ' lording it over God's heritage' which is claimed by successionists, The Greek word episkppus which is translated ' bishop,' occurs five times in the New. Testament, and in every place it signifies ' oversight over the flock,' and not oversight over pastors. Yet our opponents would teach that presbyters or elders (for we must bear in mind that each is expressed by the same Greek word) are inferior to bishops and are to be subject to them. Now Paul does not favour that at all ; he puts them on the same footing, when he says to Titus, ' For this cause I left thee in Crete, that thou shouldest ordain elders in every city, if any be blameless, the husband of one wife,' &c.;, and then in connection with the same sentence he says, ' for a bishop must be blameless. Now when he said ' ordain elders, for a bishop must be blameless,' it is like saying ' crown the king, for the sovereign must be crowned.' It shews that, elders, or pres-- byters and bishops are but two titles for the same office. St Peter's testimony to this point is plainer still. He says, ' The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder' — thus you perceive Peter called himself an elder — 4 feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the over sight thereof' (the Greek word here is episkopountes , that is, acting the bishops ' not by constraint but willingly, not for filthy lucre but of a ready mind, neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock.' Now, does not that prove clearly that Peter was an elder, or presbyter, and that those elders whom he was exhorting to do their ordinary work, were acting bishops ; therefore the conclusion we must come to is that bishops and presbyters are all one in the Scripture, for they have the same qualifications, the same powers, the same duties, the same ordination. As for bishops having any Scriptural superiority over presbyters, 1 would guarantee to form a stronger argument for the other side. I honestly conceive that there is far more in the Scriptures in favour of a presbyter being superior to a bishop than a bishop to a presbyter. It is a noted fact that the apostles never call them selves bishops, but they do call themselves presby ters. The New Testament never speaks of bishops 1 ordaining, but it does of presbyters. The council held at Jerusalem was not said to be of bishops tut of presbyters. When the collection was made for the poor of Jerusalem it was sent not to the bishops but to the presbters. Of course we know the reason of all this, because presbyters and bishops were all one. We would not seriously affirm that there is any difference, but if our opponents still contend for this distinction without a difference, this distraction of name and office, then we affirm that we have it all on our own side from the scriptures. And great many of the Christian Fathers could be quoted to sustain our view. Jerome teaches that bishops and presbyters are one, and that for a time the church was governed by a council of presbyters, and that by and bye, to prevent disunion and to promote peace and concord one was chosen to take the chair, and he was styled by Ambrose, the 4 chief presbyter.' He was elected from among co equal brethren, just like the Moderator of your assembly, and like the President of our Conference. These are prudential arrangements which commend themselves to every one, and are vastly different to claiming the sole right to govern both pastors and people in a lordly and despotic manner, I have no wish to burden you with elaborate quotations from the Fathers, we will just give one from Ignatius, whom all admit seems to be the most favourable to the successionist theory of any of the Fathers. He says 4 Let all reverence the presbyters as the Sanhedrim of God' — as the 'college of apostles.' 4 Be subject to your pastors as to the apostles ol Jesus Christ.' We have now seen that the bishops' claim by divine right to be the sole successors of the apostles and governors of pastors and people has not been sustained from scripture ; and, furthermore, we trust we have clearly proven, hoth from the testimony of scrip ture and the Fathers that there is no essent ial difference between bishops and presbyters. II. We next ask you to look at the second general claim that is made, viz : — That this succession is a personal me, transmitting power through an unbroken line . and that those who are not in this line of succession are not true Christian ministers and cannot properly administer the Sacraments. You see this claim is based upon a personal succes sion to the apostles. We have already shown that they do not succeed to the qualifications and powers of apostles, nor even to the name apostle ; so that their claims are narrowed down to the fact of their securing an apostolic ordination in direct line from St Peter himself. They profess that this succes sion chain and the links of that chain are all perfect. We have not time to destroy as many links as we could, so that if .we show that a few of the first links are defective and disunited, then of course the rest of the chain is valueless to prove a succes-ion. First of all they commence with an assumption that they do not prove. They assert that Peter was the first Pi -hop of Rome. It is now open to very grave question as to whether St Peter ever saw Rome. However, for the sake of argument we will concede the point that Peter actually took his bishop's chair at Rome. Who succeeded Peter ? No one on earth can tell. Ter- tullian and his party say Clement; Irenius and his party contradict it, and say Linus ; others say Cletus; thus, 4 when doctor's disagree who shall decide V If Linus is put down as Peter's successor, it must, ba borne in mind that bishop Pearson has proved that Linus died before Peter died. Who then is the third bishop, seeing that there is no certainty about the second? Here the confusion is as great. The Romish catalogues pur. in Cletus, then Clement, and then Anacletus. Bishop Pearson proves that Cletus and Anacletus are two names for the same person ; Cletus being an abbreviation of Anacletus; and yet in the succession they are marked as distinct popes, have two distinct reigns, with Clement between them. This makes Clement the fourth pope ; yet, if we read Platina's Lives of the popes he says that Peter just before his mar tyrdom appointed Clement his successor, and yet all the while they give 23 years of presidency to Linus and Cletus before Clement appears. Thus Peter had been dead 20 years when he is said to have made Clement his successor. But it is no use pureui ig this investigation any further. He that claims succession to the apostles through this line, let him prove it. This we know cannot be done; and, certainly, he that knows anything about the lives of some of the early popes, what monsters of wickedness they were, and how they were frequently elected to that office and kept in it by the vilest of characters, I think such persons should rather blush for their pedigree, than be proud of it. They that, glory in t bis, 4 glory in their shame.' And yet upon this mythical succes sion — his baseless fabric — you see what pietentions are reared. We will just quote one passage from the 'Oxford tracts for the Times,' written very probably by Dr'Pufl'y himself, to illustrate the nature of those pretentions :- he says, 4 A" person not commissioned by the bishop may use the words of baptism and sprinkle or bathe with water, but there is no promise from Christ that such a pet son ; shall admit souls into the kingdom of heaven. (I should think not indeed ! I never knew that any man could admit souls into heaven : there is only one way, and that is through Christ, and not man). He goes on to say, 4 A person not commissioned, may break bread, and pretend to give the Lord s Supper, but it can afford no comfort to those who receive it at his hands ; and as for the person himself, who takes upon himself without warrrant to minister in holy things, he is all the while tread ing in the footsteps of Korah Dathan and Abiram, whose awful punishment you read of in the Book of Numbers.' If that is actually the case, then we are very deluded mortals, and very much to be pitied ; and 1 think that common humanity would suggest that they would put their heads together and try and frame some decent argument to convince us that we have perverted the right ftay. Now, rir 1 think I have done what 1 intended to do, as well as time will permit ; I think you will all agree with me that any claim to superiority based on succession to the apostles is very ill founded, and had better be laid aside as a relic of the priestcraft of by- gone ages. In the meantime it is ours to see that, we have the proper succession of apostolic faith and zeal. As Ambrose truly says, 4 We have not the succession of Peter if we have not the faith of Peter.' Let us adhere to the old laud marks of inspiration, and exalt not the traditions of men lo a divine 'place in our esteem; let us mind the same things, and walk by the same rule. We believe in men being called by the Spirit of God to the ministry, and qualified for it by grace as .well as gifts ; and so have our fathers thought before us. Here followed a Scotch anecdote of a parent who had a dull boy, whom he wished to make into a scholar. The schoolmaster who was appealed to' concerning the boy, asked, what are you going to make of him? ' Weel,' said the parent, 4 If the laddie gets . grace we'll make a minister o' him.' .' Oh', but said the schoolmaster, 'if he does not get grace what will you make of him then ?' 4 Weel, in that case,' said the father, 'if he disna get grace we'el just mak a dominie o'him.' " The speaker here concluded amidst con siderable applause. The choir were then called upon and contributed one of their choicest selections. The Rev John Nicoll was pleased to see that the Presbyterian cause had made such good pro gress since he first knew Ayocai He knew the time when there was no church or manse; since then, however, both had sprung into existence, and although they were very well as shewing a certain amount of advancement, yet there was room for greater improvement. He thought the manse might be made a great deal more comfortable for the minister, and hoped to find it improved on the occasion of his next visit. The speaker then offered a few remarks on the arguments of the previous speaker, upholding their views, and con cluded an interesting address with a powerful appeal on behalf of the collection. The collection followed, during which the choir performed a concerted piece, entitled, 44 Why do I love thee?" The Rev Mr Caldwell then made some humorous remarks on general subjects, after which the usual votes of thanks having been passed to the ladies, the choir, and the visiting ministers, the meeting separated. ' 