CHAPTER. XXXIX.-:TlIE VICAR'S EXORCISM. The dinner party at Raby that night was not quite so small as you may have supposed ; Miss Marlyn's place was unexpectedly filled by the vicar. The Reverend Stour Temple had to call on his errands at out-of-the-way times, as his parish business and long circuits brought him to the doors where they were to be done unseasonably. He did not enjoy his occa- sional dinners at Raby. The loving little party at home, with its quaint admirations and perfect harmony, contrasted sweetly with the gloom and comfortless severity of Raby. He had no hope, either, of being of any use to Mark. They never approached the one subject on which the vicar wished to talk with him without uncomfortable results. Mark was conceited and irritable, and, where his superiority was touched, insolent. The vicar was too unbending- shall I say proud- for his meek and patient calling; and, pro- vided he spoke the thing that was true, he did not perhaps care sufficiently how or when. This grwat embassage is addressed to creatures weak, volatile, and violent; and needs a diplomacy the wisest, the most sensitive, the most patient. Perhaps, though the vicar was not conscious of it, the fault was not altogether Mark's that, when they met, they parted no better friends, and with no progress made. " Ho! Temple! I'm glad you're here- I'm very glad !" " Many thanks ! I've just been making inquiries and leaving a note- here it is -from my sister, with a mes- sage to Mrs Shadwell." " My wife shan't have the message from any one but you ; you shall deliver it yourself, and stay and help me to entertain Roke Wycherly." " You are too good, but they expect me at home.?' "The old excuse, but it shan't do now," said Mark quickly. "And another: I have not walked today, but ridden, so my poor pony stands, with his bridle fastened at the door-steps ; he has carried me twenty miles today, and awaits me, I dare say, impatiently enough." "We'll make him comfortable here; we've room enough, I promise you, and though you mightn't sup- pose it, there is some corn and hay, and I undertake a comfortable supper." " I'm afraid-" said the vicar, smiling, and shaking his head. "Don't refuse me this time," said Mark, with an odd entreaty in his manner, which the clergyman observed, and the more that Mark was not very hard to put off with an excuse on ordinary occasions. It struck him that Mark had some special reason for pressing him. There was a little hesitation, and Stour Temple's dark eyes looked for a moment with a grave inquiry in his face. "Yes, I see you will, you're going to stay; you won't refuse," said Mark Shadwell, and prevailed. So the after dinner tete-a-tete with Sir Roke Wycherly was avoided, and no wonder Mark Shadwell disliked it. There was something excited; Stour Temple thought, in his host's manner, which suggested a suspicion of a quarrel. But Sir Roke's ease and gayety rebuked the idea, and the vicar, still fancying that there was some- thing wrong, did not know exactly what to think. He was not a man, however, to be a bit put out by the danger of a quarrel, and he chatted quite as usual during dinner, and was glad to perceive that whoever the person in disgrace might be, Mrs Shadwell and Rachel were the same as ever. Miss Marlyn had a headache, the only absent person. Had Mark Shadwell taken some decided step about her, and was she about to leave Raby ? Yes, Mark must have had a scene with her, and her headache was a result of it. He looked at Rachel's innocent and pretty face, and he was glad. He had an ill-opinion of that boautiful Miss Agnes, and she know it. When the ladies departed, these three gentlemen began to talk. They were not well assorted. The vicar was not a flexible man, and Mark Shadwell was in one of his moods. So the conversation did not run smoothly on, but jolted and dragged, and made sudden starts and stops. The baronet seemed in high spirits. He was amused, he was affable, he was gay. The vicar might have observed that Mark talked little to him; and that his eye was surly, though he did his office, as Sir Roke's host, rather ceremoniously- a coldness, an elevation which amused Sir Roke, I dare say, and the suspicion that it did so made Mark angrier. But the vicar was not a man of observation, and took no trouble to theorize on what he saw. His account to his sister was : "Sir Roke was very chatty, and seemed better than when last saw him ; he leaves to-morrow. Mr Shadwell was a little out of spirits." " And Sir Roke goes away tomorrow," said his sister. "Yes, and I'm very glad he does." " Glad, dear! And why glad ?" asked his good sister, a little curious, " I don't think that Raby is the kind of place that suits Sir Roke. I don't think he cares for their society." "Dear me! and Mr Shadwell so agreeable a man when he chooses." "Very agreeable-as l am- in this out-of-the-way corner of the world ; but not so agreeable, I am afraid, to a man who sees and hears clever men in the capitals of the world." " But why are you glad he is going ? That I'm sure is not your reason. I mean your only one." "You are right, dear, and I'll tell you my other this day twelvemonth, if I remember it ; sooner perhaps, but not tonight." At present, however, he is one of the party of three, and the conversation, which devolves chiefly upon him and Sir Roke, has just taken this turn. "He was one of those fellows," said the baronet, " who are, by some people, emphatically styled gentle- men." " Don't you think that's rather a vague term, now-a- days at least. It had a meaning, no doubt. Would you undertake to define it now ?" interposed Mark Shadwell, suddenly. The vicar fancied a suspicion of a sneer in the question, and was rather confirmed by the lines of Mark's countenance as he asked it. "It's too complox an idea for me," laughed Sir Roke, with a shake of his head. Temple must give us his idea -do, pray." " Don't you think old Chaucer has given us a fair out- line of a gentleman? you remember- "A knight there was, and that a worthy man, That from the tyme that he ferst began To ryden out, he lovede chyvalrye, Trouthe and honour, freedom and courtesie, At mortal battles hua he ben fiftene, And foughten for our feith at Tramassene. And though he was worthy he was wys, And of his port as is a mayde, He never yit no vilonye he sayde, In all his lyf, unto no manner wight, He was a verray perflght gentil knight." The vicar concluded his little recitation, and Mark Shadwell repeated- "Truth and honour. Yes, there's the foundation, what do you think of Temple's definition ?" " Not mine-Geoffrey Chaucer's," said the vicar. 'Yes, truth and honour; yes, to be sure, the basis truth and honor," repeated Sir Roke, with a pleased acquiescence which provoked Mark Shadwell, who intended a sarcasm. 'A very good picture of a gentle- man, indeed." " Considering it's so old," said Mark. " Don't you think we have improved upon it, however?", He meant this for Roke, but the vicar answered in good faith- . "I don't think we have. Christianity and chivalry were the standards ; we have Christianity still as the great social rule, but chivalry is but the shadow of a tradition-the two clements entered into the character of a gentleman, and the decay of one has not improved the combination. Don Quixote is very near my idea of a gentleman. Mark Shadwell laughed low and sarcastically, looking at his wine-glass. I don't know what was in his mind, but Sir Roke fancied that he intended a ludicrous allu- sion to certain points of resemblance between him and the tall lank knight of La Mancha. It did not sting him. He thought he understood the motive, and Mark's malice amused him therefore. So said he to the vicar- ' 'Yes, as well as I recollect him. Don Quixotois a gentleman- that is, a gentleman gone mad." " But the more mad he is, the more severely are his high qualities tested. If they stand that strain, they would stand almost any," said the vicar. " A man whose diseased imagination surrounds him with trials and temptations-imaginary though they be-and comes through the ordeal pure, is a thorough gentleman ; a mean man would break down under the trial. You see so many men, not actually mad, but hypochondriac, moping in out-of-the-way nooks , who fancy them- selves ill-used and their neighbours in league against them." " Really that's very amusing; and I suppose grow quite unlike gentlemen?" There was a malicious twinkle in Sir Roke's eye as he, said this that made the vicar pause. "Yes, the character requires so much-such eleva- tion-temper no less than honour- that walking in the light which needs no concealment or deceit. It was now Mark's turn to approve, and the vicar beginning to feel indistinctly that he was, in vulgar phrase, somehow putting his foot in it," wound up by quoting Buckingham's fine lines on the death of Lord Fairfax- "Both sexes' virtues were in him combined, He had the fierceness of the manliest mind, And yet the meekness, too, of womankind ; His soul was filled with truth and honesty, And with another thing quite out of date, Called modesty." And so the vicar's lecture ended ; and Sir Roke observing that the clergyman suspected some uncom- fortabloness between the host and his guest, assumed at once a more frank and-genial tone, and so ten or fifteen minutes more passed without any renewed symptom of disturbed relations between Mark Shad- well and the baronet. In the drawing-room the Reverend Stour Temple found himself standing with his tea-cup in his hand beside Mark Shadwell. Mark was looking down on the faded pattern of the carpet, lost as it seemed in a gloomy rumination ; so that when the vicar, for want of something better to say, remarked; "Miss Marlyn has not made her appearance, I see," Mark Shadwell looked up with a sullen smile from his sombre reverie, evidently not knowing what the vicar had said, and he therefore repeated his trifling remark. " Oh no ! a headache, I think, or some young lady's excuse." " I know-yes," said the vicar. "Oh, to be sure, she sent us word at dinner," said Mark ; " I've been thinking about that," he added, after a pause, in a lower tone. " About, do you mean, the-." Tho Reverend Stour Temple hesitated, and Mark continued the sentence : " The letter you told me of, I- I'm thinking it over. I don't say that anything ought to be done in a moment, but I am-' ' The vicar inclined his head attentively as Mark spoke. "I have," said he, after a sufficient pause to ascer- tain that Shadwell was not going to add anything, "a great objection to volunteering advice." The vicar had notwithstanding, I think, rather a weakness in favour of advising, and that, too, in a somewhat commanding tone. "It is only in cases where my duty distinctly imposes that task upon me that I ever undertake it, and when I did so in this particular case, it was simply because I saw how grave it was, and how very much more serious it might become." "Yes, I quite understand your view of it. I've been thinking over it ; we'll see, and- and as usual I have other things to trouble me. Did you see Carmel Sherlock this evening ?" "No, I have not seen him- not for some time. He's quite well, I hope ?" "Oh yes. That is, as well as usual- always odd, you know. Either I am growing a greater fool than I used to be, or he's madder, for he makes me sometimes, in a lonely place like this, with nothing ever to cheer, and a great deal perpetually to press upon one's spirits -he makes me sometimes quite nervous-upon my honour !" And Mark laughed a little uncomfortably. " Not that I think him a witch, you know ; but he has a knack of saying exactly the most unpleasant thing that it is possible to say- just the thing to jump with your own hypochondriac fancies, and to help this depressing place to make you nervous and miserable. Did you ever feel as if the devil had got about you ?" "Tho devil, unhappily, is about us all," said the vicar. 'Yes, yes, to be sure; that's the doctrine," acqui- esced Shadwell' " By-the- bye, Temple, do you want tim- ber for that barn-roof ? I've found some I can cut, to thin the wood. I've a right to that, you know, though those agreeable fellows, my creditors, say I've no right to cut one of my own trees. " Thanks, you're very good. I'll ask my people when I get home ; but I rather think they've got the timber. Very much obliged to you, all the same." " It's there for you, if you do want it, remember," said Mark. " Do you remember some- let me see - five or six years ago, when you used to read some verses of the Bible and say a prayer, when you were here in the evening before you went away ?" " I make it a habit everywhere, except where l am distinctly forbidden by the master of the house," said the clergyman. "Yes, of course, you know, where, there is no sym- pathy ; but it come into my head to ask you tonight I can't tell why ; I shall like it, though I can't go quite with you myself ; won't you, tonight?' "As I told you already, I need but permission,' said the vicar. " Can you; Temple, throw any light upon it ?' interrupted , Sir Roke's voice from the other side of the room. " Was there over such a lady as Pope Joan?" So the vicar was called off to that odd chapter in history, and delivered his little essay upon it for the amusement of Mrs Shadwell. What was it that made the room look more than usually gaunt and gloomy that night ? Was there less light than usual ! It looked so much too large for the people assembled there, and so dismal. Miss Marlyn's absence, and the uncertainties and sur- mises which her slight excuse suggested to several of the party, who knew something more than others of real relations, were depressing, and every one knows 'how contagious dejection, or even embarrassment, is. "I've asked Temple to revive an old custom," said Mark Shadwell, a little later. "He used to read a few verses of the Bible before he left us ; and, thinking it over, I'm sure it can do none of us any harm, and you always wished it, Amy." She smiled. She looked so happy and grateful, that Mark Shadwell, had his nature, or even the moment, been different, would have been touched. It was a point on which she had often timidly pleaded, and been always brusquely overruled by her husband, who cursed the vicar's twaddle summarily, and told his wife she must go to church for that sort of thing, as he was resolved to have no more of it in his house. So now this sudden change scorned to her a concession, and she was full of love and gratitude at his goodness. Mark Shadwell, I dare say, did not exactly know himself why he wished it. The violence of his agitations, and some thoughts that had crossed his mind that day, had shocked him. He was impelled, perhaps, to try what a sudden return to old associations might do for him. Perhaps, without his uuspecting it, there was less of the metaphysical and more of the superstitious in it, and that he had a dim idea of his house requiring this sort of exorcism and fumigation. Very small was the vicar's congregation-morally however, in no wise more motley, I dare say, than any other assembled ostensibly to listen to the good word that fall from reading desk and pulpit. In a different mood, Mark would have enjoyed what would have struck him as the ludicrous in the situation. Sir Roko submitted with an excellent grace. Like a polite man about to be bored by a well-meaning friend he composed himself to the attitude of attention, and throw the reins, I suppose, on the neck of his fancy and thought of what be pleased. Mark, I think, really listened with a closer attention than his pride would have admitted. The Reverend Stour Temple, with, his Bible before him, delivered a brief lecture upon charity. First came Paul's beautiful and also terrible define- tion of charity, so, hopelessly, as it seems, above human attainment, yet the ideal to which every man must, with all his strength, soul, and mind, aspire, or leave his heart open to the intrusion of those awful sojourners whose residence there is death. " Out of the heart proceed evil thoughts-murders ;" and "whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer." The hater, then, comes distinctly, in God's judgment, under the condemnation of the murderer ; and what is the fate of the murderer ? " All murderers shall have their positions in the lake that burneth with fire and brimstone." Seeing, then, the awful scope of this term " murderer," it behoves each of us to search, with a fearful eye, and the strong light of an honest conscience, every neglected nook of his heart, lest one such frightful guest should lurk there. How mad one day's negligence in this respect ! How thin the partition between us and the tremendous phenomena of eternity ! " Set thine house in order, for thou must die !" The messenger comes "as a thief in the night." We all expect, warning. But the language of God promises none-"Thou fool! this day thy soul is required of thee." " Son of man, I will take away from thee the desire of thine eyes at a stroke." And so on, till having concluded his little discourse, he took his leave, and Mark Shadwell accompanied him to the hall door. If Mark had been in his usual mood, his sense of the ludicrous would have found food enough that night, for when they reached the steps, from the half-open window of Carmel Sherlock's lonely chamber came the long-drawn quiverings of his Straduarius. "What sounds are those ?" said the vicar, pausing with his hand on his pony's mane. " Nothing : only that queer fellow, Carmel Sherlock, making his horrible music," answered Mark with a kind of dislike that had none of his usual briskness in it. "Very weird, odd sounds! Has he a genius for music ?" inquired Stour Temple. "I don't know-I don't care, I mean ; I suppose he has, but I hate the melanoholy caterwauling he keeps up here ; that is, when I'm in specially low spirits, as I don't mind saying I am just now. I wish, Temple, you weren't going away-I wish you could stay here tonight." Temple laughed and shook his head. "I'm serious- I assure you I am, and I rather liked your little sermon tonight ; how do you know you mightn't do some good, if you would stay?" added Mark Shadwell with a dreary half laugh. " A thousand thanks for your hospitality, but it's quite out of the question : my poor sister, the most nervous being on earth when my hours are concerned, is sitting up for me, and I have tried her courage as much as I dare, in staying so long as I have ; and I have an early call to make in the morning, exactly in the opposite direction. So I must say good night, you see, and very many thanks for an evening which, for many reasons, I shall long remember with pleasure." " Good night, Temple, since so it must be ; we did not quarrol once to night, for a wonder, did we ? and I am, I assure you, very sorry to lose you." And they shook hands much more cordially than they had for a long time, and Shadwell stood by his winged demi-griffin, looking after the receding shadow, already lost in the deeper darkness of the trees that overarch the avenue, and listening to the faint clink of the horse-shoe on the broad way. He waited till he heard the iron gate open and close, and the sound of the horse's hoofs grew more and more distant, till he could distinguish them no longer. About the same time Carmel Sherlock's dismal min- strelsy quavered into silence, and looking up, Mark Shadwell saw him standing at the open window, lean- ing out, with his precious fiddle under his arm. He was looking towards the moon, which was beginning to rise, and toward it his other arm was extended and his fingers moved with an odd beckoning or groping motion. Mark fancied that his face wore a fixed smile all this time. In his then mood he behold this greeting of his crazy steward to the moon with a strange sense of disgust. The last thing he would have chosen would have been a walk with Carmel Sherlock just then. He drew back, therefore, into the hall, and swung the massive door with a heavy crash. The picture of Carmel, as he saw him last, stretching, in fancied solitude, from his turret window, and just touched by the dawning moonlight, gathering, as it seemed, its rays with his finger-tips, and smiling, remained with a strange tenacity ever after on his brain. He walked back toward the drawing-room, and paused. There burned in that great wainscoted hall but a solitary candle, at which people lighted their bedroom candles which stood there. He intended to go to his room without seeing Sir Roke. It was a small pleasure to him to inflict this rudeness of omission. The smiling image of Carmel Sherlock was still before his retina as he pondered for a moment with his hand on the candlestick. ''Every question," thought he, "is a dilemma for a poor man- a relief, in one sense, that Sherlock should go ; but how on earth should I get on without him ?" Even to himself he did not like to admit that Sherlock was so good a bargain, and that great benevolence of which Carmel's simple gratitude made him a little proud, so commerce- ally prudent, and in fact, so selfish. " Very good lecture Temple gave us to-night," said Sir Roke's voice near him. "Yes, I believe so," said Mark, turning toward him. " Quite intelligible at all events," said Sir Roke, lighting his candle ; "but they are very odd people our clergymen, aren't they ? They talk always as if they had the direction of death and damnation, by special appointment, in their own hands, and seem to forget that they are subject to both like other mortals, and that their warnings and threats apply to them- selves with at least as much force as to their auditors. By-the-bye, won't you come in just now, and have our little game of piquet in my room ?" 'I'm afraid I can't manage it tonight," said Mark, coldly. " You've been carrying all before you ; you know you owe me a chance ; though you play so deeply- I mean scientifically- Mark, I'm afraid a shallow poor devil like me has no chance with you." Mark fancied an under-meaning and an irony in this speech. There may not have been any, Sir Roke's smile was never very genuine. Mark's glance fixed for a moment obliquely and sternly on those insecure eyes of the baronet's, and he said : " Well, as you seem to make a point of it, perhaps I shall." "That's right-that's friendly ; I don't think, really, I could sleep, now, without my little game of piquet first, I've so got into the way of it," said Sir Roke, passing on, and up the stairs with a little nod, and a smirk over his shoulder. CHAPTER XL.-VIOLINA. Mark Shadwell knocked at the door of his invalid wife ; she was sitting in her dressing-gown, sitting up in her bed as she held her accustomed consultation with old-Wyndle when he came in. "Don't send her away- don't interrupt," said he, " I'm in no hurry ; in fact, I have next to nothing to say." Shadwell took up a little book with 1641 on the title page-George Herbert's poems, which he knew not, and opening it, at haphazard, he read- As I one evening sat before my cell, Me thought a starre did shoot into my lap, I rose and shook my clothes, as knowing well That from small fires comes oft no small mishap. When suddenly I heard one say, "Do, as thou usest, disobey, Expel good motions from thy breast, Which have the face of fire, but end in rest." He had no sneer now for this, as he might a day or two before. He had been fooled by another, and might possibly in this graver matter, have been fooling him- self. His vanity was prostrate for a time, and his con- fidence in himself had received a shock. How many " good motions" had he expelled from his breast ! Well, here at last, was a good motion he was about to act on. He would not " disobey" as he was wont. But was the " motion" celestial, though the effect might be so ? Did it not, on the contrary, proceed from jealous fury, revenge, and wounded pride ? I believe, notwithstanding, that Shadwell thought he was about to act from cold stern, principle here, and rather respected himself therefore. He turned over, and read Come away, Make no delay, Summon all the dust to rise, Till it stirre and rub the eyes ; While this member jogs the other, Each one whispering, "Live ye, brother?" "Ay, ay, the resurrection : grant us that and dooms- day, and a great deal follows," muttered Shadwell, with a dejected scoff. "Good-night, Wyndle," said Mrs Shadwell. Mark looked a sudden farewell, and nodded in reply to old Wyndle's courtesy. He got up and shut the door, and said he, not sitting down, but leaning, with his elbow on the chimney-piece- " I came intending to say-or rather to ask you whether you think- that Miss Marlyn-" He stopped- he had not shaped his sentence well and was near saying more than he had quite made up his mind to say. "Miss Marlyn! Is there anything unpleasant ? Mark ? dear !'" exclaimed she in great consternation. " Well, it is only this- I have been seriously turning it over in my mind, whether we should have her here any longer ; and, in fact, I have pretty nearly made up my mind to part with her." Mrs Shadwell gazed at him in a sort of alarm. "Yes," he continued, " all these things cost money, and I really don't see what good she is doing here ; I'm sure she's teaching Rachel nothing. I doubt whether so young a person has often learned enough to have any- thing to communicate, and certainly she can't have the authority of an older woman." Mark was already faltering in his purpose. An hour ago he had made up his mind to dismiss the young lady peremptorily. He meant to tell his wife that he had reason to believe that Agnes Marlyn ought not to be harbored in their house, and to support this by relating the story which the vicar Stour Temple, had communi- cated to him. He knew that this step would irrevocably commit him to dismiss her, and now was not quite equal to the task of plucking out the offending right eye, and casting it from him. At a distance, even a littlo one, he thought the effort would cost him nothing. But now that he had come up to it, he quailed. " Well, Mark darling, I hope you have very much underrated what Agnes Marlyn has actually done for her. She certainly has improved her playing wonder- fully, and she speaks French quite fluently now. Have you tried her lately ?" Mark felt the inconsistency of his answer. "No, not very lately ; but generally, I mean, I am not satisfied. I think they spend their time dawdling about the place, and I dare say Miss Marlyn does just whatever best pleases Rachel, and you know there is no money to throw away, and I thought I'd tell you what I was thinking about- though I shan't discuss it to- night." He spoke this as brusquely as if she had combated his authority. " I'll tell you more tomorrow, perhaps. Good-night, Amy," he said, abruptly, and calmly enough. "When he had reached the door- Mark Shadwell sud- denly relented, and returned to his wife's bedside. "You weren't looking well tonight. Do you feel better, Amy?" " A little tired : but it won't be anything, thank vou. dear Mark." " Better now, aren't you?" " Ok ! much, since I lay down. And now tell me, Mark darling, how you are. I'm so anxious. You have been looking miserably all this evening." " I? I did not know- not worse than usual, I suppose? But I shouldn't wonder." " Yes, indeed, and very care-worn, my poor Mark. I have been very unhappy about you." Mark looked at her first with a dark sort of doubt, and then laughed faintly. "I'm not going to die, or drown myself, Amy. After all, I take pretty good care of myself : nothing can happen to me that will not reach us all pretty equally. I'm worried, of course-always that; but not ill-at least that I know of." "I was so afraid there had been some ill news something very bad threatening ; but there's nothing." " No, nothing particular-nothing. Sometimes one's spirits go down. Every one feels that. You can't control your spirits-they are sometimes worse than at others. Every one knows that sort of thing. I sometimes wish, Amy-that is, I'd give something I could believe all that. " He tapped with his finger the Bible that lay on the little table by her bed. " But believing, unluckily, isn't a matter of choice any more than loving. No-I assure you there's nothing bad nothing, in fact, whatever, but just some gloomy ideas -a sort of foreboding, and that, makes me fancy I should like to have something to go upon-I mean belief, idolatry-anything. But," he said, with another little laugh, which she fancied was intended to cover a more serious meaning, of which, perhaps, he was half ashamed, " I dare say you pray for me, Amy, and that is better. Good- night, dear." And he kissed her, and departed. With a solitary candle burning in his odd darksome room, the window opened wide, and a broad slanting moonbeam making a great diamond-shaped diagram of light on the floor, the still landscape lying broad and misty under the moon, visible through the open case ment, and the chill night air floating softly in and out, and waving the candle-flame faintly, our friend Carmel Sherlock was passing the hour in a feverish listlesness. That night his fiddle-I beg pardon, his Straduarius -would not play exactly what he wished, but seemed to take the control of the music, and by an irresistible influence to draw his bow and infuse odd vibrations into his elbow, which resulted in such wild, shapeless, and lamentable melodies as half startled the crazy fiddler himself. "Ha? ha! That was good !" he would say, with a start ; holding his Straduarius up suddenly, and look- ing it in the face, so to speak, with a suspicious smile. "I could not do that. It wasn't I. No. Ha, ha! you think I don't know when it is you and when it is I. Bravo, Cremona ! Bravo, Straduarius !" and with a scowling smile he shook tho bow, which he held upright over his shoulder, at the fiddle. "You or I, master ? You're growing too much for me- a man who floats on passion without a will-a notable victory, for sooth ! I'd smash you sometimes, only you shan't think you can frighten me. I think you are panting a bit, are you? Well, hang there a little while, and recover from your epilepsy, poor little thing ! Who knows-who knows ?" I don't know whether Carmel Sherlock ate opium. His face had that night the peculiar pallid sheen which De Quincy describes as the special symptom of the ecstasy so attained to. A homelier poison for the nerves was on his table- potent green tea-cold, Chinese fashion ; no milk, no sugar, the cup of mad- ness ! A tiny cup of old cock-china, and a cracked and venerable little teapot of the same date ; these old world things he picked up where he could, and trea- sured and loved to live among them ; they kept his fancy stirring, and tinted and shaped his dreams. Tiny as was the tea-cup, if you had sipped its measure, once filled with the awful elixir which was his habitual solace, it would have set your brain a dance that would have bereft you of sleep for a night or two, and introduced you to strange fears and stranger shapes. When I look at that old tea-pot replenished with its fatal infusion, standing on his table, I think I see, not a tea-pot, but Carmel Sherlock's magic lantern. " I think I've found out your secret," said he, with a laugh, and an odd cunning in his glance. "Dark, is it? There is illumination here. Books." Standing before his book shelves, he was gently tap- ping the backs of the tomes with the end of his fiddle stick. " What" ? looking all the time askance at his Straduarius suspended from a nail like one of Blue- beard's beauties-" What says Virgil ? " Nam, quio prima solo rantis radiclbus arbor Vellitur, huic atro llqunnter Sanguino gutta*, Et ten-am tabo maculant- -gomitus lacrymabillis Imo Auditor túmulo, ot vox reddita fertur nd mires. Not Violina-Violina, aro you ? fominino, wilful, hys terical. Ha ! Traîtresse- beloved, mysterious Violiua \- have I touched the secrot of your bath ? Wince and tremblo-tremble and wince. Yes, it is in tho old, old legend, as untraceable in tho days of Augustus ns now. Ali ! Violina, my companion, beautiful fiend"! You are detected. Listen, treiftblo. -No ono hears, only you and I. Again in Dryden's verses : " I pulled a plant ; with horror I relate, A prodigy so strange nnd full of fate. Hearken ! How foolish you'look and guilty ! Ha, ha, ha ! You would have lived with ino, and had my ear, and passed for nothing but an undesigning .bit of wood, would you ? Clever Violina ! Listen ! Ha, ha, ha ! Ay, my mistress, to lead mo on and on to Bedlam ! Hearken : " The rooted fibres rose ; and from tho wound, Black bloody drops distilled upon tho ground, Scarce dare I toll tho sequel : from tho womb Of wounded earth, and cabins of tho tomb. A-a what ? Oh, Violina, listen ! For I know you. Oome-come, don't you ? By heaven ! you do look paler. "Well, well, listen " A groan, as of a troubled ghost ronew'd My fright, and then these dreadful words ensued Now if you could speak, you'd say, ' Thank God ! though ho came near to finding it he has not got the key of my mystery in his fingers !' Be not too sure of thnt, sweet wayward Violina ! Como-como, rest, poor thing-rest awhile. But you would say, ' Nay, lot me hear all now?' I know your face so well ; did I not see you smile once ? Ay 1 I was a novice then, -drop2>ed you, in horror, on my bed-and wnB afraid of you for five weeks after. Keigho 1 it has been an odd lifo. But como-come-wliy this shame ! Foolish Violina, don't you seo I nm no moro your dupo-tho thing's impossible. I know you, poor Violina; say you seo the eye of a corpse move, its faoo chango into a fixod smilo for two minutes' time, with a meaning-a menning suited to your thoughts ; it is a corpse no moro, but a dovil. Hn, ha, ha, found out, oh ? In the wood of tho tree-in tho wood of the tree. How doep tho root goes-and I so tired. " lion ora ancor di la Ncsso arrlvato. Hark ! listen ! I say-it's coming. " Qunndo noi ci mettemmo per un bosco, Oho da nessun sentiero era segnnto ; Non frondi verdi, ma di color fosco ; Non rand schiottl, ma nodosi o'nvoltl Non pomi v'oran, ma stecohi con tosco-" " There it is-tho forest-an infernal metamorphosis. Tho same thing, only worse ; not tho tap roots only, but stoma, boughs, foliago, all in hell. Dante's forest of suicides-trees that bleed, and moan, and spoak ; damned spirits-and forever is such a long time. Poor Violina ! no such wood for a fidelio. Ha ! rest now-rest. The ancient order-turn your faco to the wall." With tender hands and great solicitude he turned the fiddle with its face to tho wall, j whispering, with a frown of dark compassion : " Best-rest-rest." Then again to the open window ho went, and looked out, long and in silence ; kneeling, with his elbows on tho window-stool, and his chin resting on his hands. Oh ! what a draught of moonlight, sweet night air, sad mysterious landscape, deserted of all living. Awful, lonely, beloved ; darkness so soft, and lights so dim. In that imperfect light all vulgarities and unsightly things vanish, and the beloved scene presents tho imago of tho dead-who aro beautiful and purified by distança and tho dim medium of memory. 