£H£ SHAD WELLS OF BABY Ghapieb XXXVL— Miss Mabltn in an Odd Mood. ' What does that ? fellow mean by his talk about jealousy andalUthat stuff !' thought Sbadwell furiously. ' What can he be thinking about ? he's not a spy, nor a traitor, nor a witch neither ; I venture to say he has not a notion -what he means himself !' Still a suspicion was in his mind that Carmel had divined something of the truth, and he was angry with him, angry with him self, and his wounded pride lay writhing under a sense of exposure. Mark Shad well had no care, in his present temper, for the decencies of hospitality, and, had his solitary mood continued upon him, Sir Koke might have looked in vain at dinner for his host. On a sudden, however, the image of Agnes Marlyn was before his imagination, and an impulse determined him irresistibly homeward. He would see her— iu what mode, his passions and thoughts were too confased to resolve. So, skirting the now darkened forest, he walked sullenly towards the house of Raby. About the same hour Miss Marlyn and Rachel were walking under the rows of grand old timber that flank the avenue, toward the house. Agnes had been laugh ing and talking in unusual spirits. It was not gayety however : it was excitement. ' I wish, Agnes, you were always go merry/' 'I wish I were,' answered Agues, with a sudden ohan-e. ' Though just now my laughter sounds in my ears like an idiot's. Why should I laugh ? life is simply terrible f or me. What would have befallen the bird who found no rest for the sole of her foot, if there had remained no ark for her to return to ? It is differ ent for you— you have a home— but I ! Gome, we won't think.' ' And you have a home, dear Agues, while I have one, you know very well that we all like you, and I Iovh van. althoviffh I don't know uuite whether you like me.' ' That's all romance, my dear little girl, and very pretty ; but it's not true— don't start— I'm sure you think it's true, but it isn't. Sentiments and liking arc all very fine, but they are subject to mutation, aud are transitory. It's very nasty, I know, but quite true ; there is nothing solid but property— ha, ha! and I have little more than my thimble ; and life is a rough and a cold sea to cross, and I'm no witch, and I can't sail in a sieve — and — what do you advise me to do ? Isn't it a pity there are no Protestant nunneries, where girls who must become old maids, and perhaps tenants of the work-house, as things are, might dedicate them seives to comfort and seclusion without the mortifica tion of public celiliacy and penury ?'' ' I never know, Agnes, when you are jesting, but I am serious— I mean, indeed I do, every word I have Bud.' ' So do I, Rachel dear, every word. I feel this even ing— what shall I say ?- enterprising. I think I should like to masquerade in male attire, as other girls have done, and enlist— or go to son. You read the other day an Irish story, about a man sitting on a stone that was sinking in the middle of a bog, and who gratefully accepted the offer of an eagle to fly him out of his dilemma. Now, my dear, this Raby is all very welL It's pretty, ami pastoral, and romantic, and what not ? I liko staying here, but how is it to end? You will be marrying and running away ; I shall be growing old, and finally, I shall be left alone to sink in the bog. Yes, this Baby is the stone, and I feel it always sink ing under me, and I should be obliged, I think, to any fowl or monster, a pegasus or a goose, willing and strong enough to fly me out of it.' ' You certainly Bpeak plainly, dear Agnes, though I think you might speak a little more kindly,' said T?n^lipl. who wrs lmrt. ? ' Come, come, ma chcrc, we must take care of our selves. There's nothing unkind in being honest. There's not a creature on earth who cares for me, and therefore I must the more particularly care for myself. ' Miss Agnes laughed, Rachel thought, a little more bitterly than she need, as she said this. 'I told you that I like you, Agnes.' ' But you don't, dear.' Rachel stared. ' No,' laughed Agnes, ' you can't ; how can you like a person you don't know, and me you can't know. There are things about me I don't know myself, and what I do know you don't. Come, bo honest, Miss Rachel, dou't we mystify each other all we can ? do I know you quite ? and how can you know me ?' ' Well, you know best,' said Rachel ; ' I suppose we are all bypocrites. ' ' More or less,' said Agnes quietly; 'you talk of liking me! No one likes another, unless they love them through all their follies, tempera, and crimes. None of these have I shown. But how can we tell that your liking would stand that strain? Suppose I were to leave Kuby to-night, and you, none of you, never hear more of me, would you still like me ? Mr. C}-j,*-1a*»1^ *-mi Imnw vsi-, vnnni-innaA 10 rrninir no one knows why or whither ; I don't mean to elope with him, but I don't think that sort of flirting a bad idea.' 'I hope he is not going; I don't believe he is. I am so fond of poor old Carmel Sherlock,' said RacheL ' Not bo old,' interposed Agnes, disagreeably ' You aro determined to laugh at everything to-night,' said Rachel, ' but the place would not bo like itself if he were gone, and I can't think he will go, he's so kind and affectionate. ' Not like me, who am tedious enough to think some times of myself,' said Miss Slarlyn, in her odd, bitter mood. ' Well, if he goes, we have still a resource in that charming vicar,' Miss Marlyn added, with an irony that was not playful. ' Mr Temple, you mean ?' ' The Reverend Sour orStour Temple ; yes, what an agreeable man — what a gentleman -how pretty !' and she laughed. ' Blamina likes him very much.' ' He admixed your mamma very much, I believe, once on a time.' ' 1 dare say — every one aid wno saw ner wnen sne was young, and I think her quite beautiful still — but I don't see what that has to do with what I'm saying. Mamma thinks him a very good aud usctul clergyman, and bo do I, and so docs papa, although they sometimes disagree about things. ' ' And, oh ! that funny old bald foozle that fancies himself a lover,' said Miss Marlyn, with a sudden rocol lection and a laugh. ' Who ?' asked Rachel. 'Bonnie— who hut our charming friend Bonnie? She Bhould have called him Bauldic, if it must bo Scotch, after the young man in the 'Gentlo Shepherd,' that stupid book, I'm so glad we have done it.' ' Oh, Fucelle ! you must not laugh at Roger Temple,' pleaded RacheL 'I must laugh at Roger Temple ! at everything ! I should die in this place else, and why Bhould not he be laughed at like the rest? Preposterous old fool !' Somehow there was a desecration here in Rachel's mind. She was shocked, and a little disgusted ; but, after all, Roger Temple was a difficult case to fight, for she could not conceal it from herself that he was nrenosterous. ' Take care,' said she, ' he's in love with j'ou.' ' Well?' said Miss Marlyn, with an odd sniilo, that showed the glittering edge of her even teeth. ' You may marry him yet.' 'And suppjse I do, does that make any difference ? I shall love, honour, and laugh at him — selon les regies —still.' By this time they were crossing the hall, now nearly dark, and entered the room where they were accus tomed to read together, and here the faint glow still reflected from the western clouds afforded them an imperfect and melancholy light, through the still open window. 'There is this comfort in having no one to care for you, that you have no one to control you. There is not a person on earth who has a right to command or even to question me, and so, child, I'm perfectly free— and perfectly miserable. It will cost me a pang, many a pang, to leave llaby, as leave it I soon shall, but fate, and pride, and despair, ordain it. I hate myself for going— I'm different from you, Rachel ; you can't understand me ; if you could you would hate roe also. No, don't kiss me, it 's folly, you shall never kiss me more. I suppose you think me mad : for the last four hours I have been walking aud talking in a dream, and yet I am not mad, and it is all a reality, only I have taken a resolution that has nearly broken my heart — don't ask me, I'm talking because I must talk, but it is rut confidence, and I'm no worse, not an atom, and no better than you, than all others, who act according to their circumstances, and opportunities, and necessities, and I'll never talk of it to you more. A beautiful sun set it must have been ! how it glows ! There were sunsets like it two thousand years ago, and will be again two thousand years hence ; and my story is an old one, and will turn up with a different heroine — generation after gcnei atiou there is nothing now, aud things are no better and no worse than they were, and than they will be always.' Agnes spoke wildly, though quietly ; and Rachel was startled by her manner, which was resolute, and defiant, and excited. Curious as Rachel was, and even ah\rmcd, she instinctively felt that at least just then it would have been vain to ask for an explanation. So, sitting at the window, looking out upon the dying flash that still glowed in the west, Rachel, with out an attempt to stay her, saw Agnes Marlyn leave the room. ' She is angry, I think ; what can have happened ? I have said nothing to vex her. She'll tell me all by and by. She can't seriously mean all she says. Yes ; she'll tell me the cause, I dare say, and she will be like herself again.' Rachel fancied she thought all this, but she did not, for tho dark laugh of Agnes chilled her with a 6trauge pressage of eviL Chajter XXXVII. -Venus Fajiewell. The window was open ; the rich odours of the flowers exhaled on the evening air, and the rose-tinted western lights, melting iuto the deep sky of the coming night, inspired that luxurious melancholy which is, for the young, the poetic foreshadowing of the sorrows of life. Rachel, leaning against the side of the window, looked out upon those fading piles of cloud that crowned the solemn landscape, and experienced the influence of the hour and the scene. From under the boughs of the ancient clomp of trees thai stands nearest to the houBe emerged a figure, and slowly approached the window at which she sat. 'Only I, Miss Rachel ; only I, your old tutor,' said the well-known voioe of Carmel Sherlock. ' Oh ! Mr. Sherlock !' she said kindly. ' It is a long time, Miss Rachel, since we read French, and German, and Italian.' ' Yes, very long ; but you have been so busy.' ' A long interruption, Miss RacheL' ' Too Ion?— a great deal,' she said. ' All goes on and on. Miss Rachel ; and that time sickened and died, and a new time has come; and that, too, will die, and be succeeded by another, and another ; the first perishes, there is no unknitting the 11 tun, ouu upturning it uiwwe uower agnin ; mere is no folding the flower, and shutting it up in the seed again. Nature makes no step back — never looks over her shoulder— never.' ' Well, shan't we resume our Italian soon ? we must begin again— soon— very soon,' she said ** No ; not soon — never,' he said, very sadly. 'Never! Why?' asked Rachel. ' You see, Miss Rachel, they all believe, one way or another, in that palm-genesis ; for my part I can't believe but that, somehow, I shall see the light again, and see my love again. Petrarch met, I think, his Laura when he died. How beautiful those lime-trees are where I read ' Tasso,' long ago, to you, when you were a little thing. I love these solitudes, and when I die, I'll come— yes, I'll come again— not to be seen — only to wander here by the old limes, where I read ' Tasso ' long ago. Or at Wynderfel, where sympathy grows among the brambles and ivy tendrils, and the wind' among the high gables has a pitying sound, where I may chance to meet that poor lady who died for her love ; and I would tell her — my God ! — all my misery. ±uu DU1IUU tUV( . She listened to this rhapsody, as she had to others from the lips of the same strange prophet, not under standing, only in kindness. His lonely habits had taught him quite to dispense with dialogue, and his spoken meditation flowed on — ' That was her girlish thought — to die. Yes, once worshipped, always a divinity— always. Break the poor heart— that was the shrine. Shatter the brain, where the image always stands in light ; it is so only that love can break the idol, and extinguish the tapers of a vain worship. I hear that scream — sometimes — so far away—at night ! Yes, indeed, by Heaven I did! like one wild note of distant music— the past and future in it. I've stood a whole night at the window, listen ing. It hardly lasts while you could count ten throbs of your pulse— swelling on and on, louder and louder, still it stops in silence. That one note is a concert from Paradise and Tartarus ; it fills a whole night, to a man who will think ; the hours fly so swiftly after it, pursuing like seas to drown it. Nature hastens to hide it away; the morning comes before I am aware. ' Oai mel looked with a despairing eye over the wide landscape toward the disappearing glow of sunset, as you might fancy a shipwrecked man upon a lonely raft gazing toward the fading light in the space of ocean. ' What a pity .' Love does not meet love in this world: follows a phantom and unreal voices, and, finding itself alone, dies. A hard case it is. Love crosses love, liko ships at sea, each on a different errand, over the waste of life, the narrow horizon coming up and disappearing. Miss Rachel, it is terri ble ; the affections all so minute and intense, and nature and time so vast and vague — all love so indivi dual ; it may be never, in the revolution of time and the changes of worlds, never to meet again. You need not tell me ; I tell myself. I know it ; it is unreal. I have created it ; but it is irrevocable — an irreparable mistake. I have found it out, but am none the better. Satan has come, and I have tasted of knowledge ; and so — forth from Paradise forever. The wide world ; the dark night ! Little Miss Rachel, with the golden hair, how long it seems since I taught you to write ! I don't blame you ; I never did. It is nature that is cruel -kind, but also cruel. The bird will fly— nature is vigorous— the bird will fly ! AU pain, and pleasure, and illusion, come to an end. Instinct, tho inspira tion of our birth, alone inflexible. God whispered to each creature when he made it, and God is immutable.' Carmel looked down, and up, and stamped upon the ground. ' The hoary Satan i— the old dragon !— with poison ous tongue and golden scales, lying under this moon awhile, basking and panting in a gluttonous dream. The reptile ! — the murderer ! There is a spear of light for him. The sun shall be darkened, and the moon turned into blood. When he moves, the skin of the earth quivers. The elements that gave him birth abhor him. But my hand I hold palm upward. My robe is white. The megatherium, mastodon, mammoth, are extinct. Leave the monstrous generations to the vindicator. Death. Out of the castle I go, and close the gate after me ; into the night, the forest, the waste — never to look back — only hoping for some spot where a wornout man may die ! The journey— the descent ! and oh ! at last, the fountain of forgetf ulncss, and the sleep of death. I hope, Miss Rachel, I have not been ungrateful— that is. quite unprofitable.' ' Unprofitable ! no one was ever kinder or more useful,' she answered. ' That is all,' he said, sadly. ' And if you were to leave us, I really don't know how papa could manage without you ; and as for me, almost everything I know I have learned from you my kind teacher.' ' Ah ! yas, the Italian— the French ; these will go on, and she will roiucmbcr, and sometimes pay, I learned these from that poor Carmel Sherlock, who went away, and was heard of no more.' ' No ; I will say I learned them from that kind Mr. Sherlock who would not go away, because he knew it would make us all sorry ; who stayed with us, and is with us still, and will never leave Raby.' Sherlock with botli hands leased on tho window stone, as a drowning man might cling to a rock, and she thought he looked steadfastly in her face. She could not see his features distinctly in tho deep shadow, but it seemed to her that he was weeping. Her heart bled with compassion for the kind crea ture who had been so gentle with her through all the inattention and waywardness of her childish years, uuu sue wuaavrvu nun ouo wu« never guru u wuwvui a pain to others should inflict so much, and, as it seemed to her, so causelessly, upon himself. ' I'm going, Miss Rachel ; I've come to say farewell. I'll leave Raby perhaps to- night ; perhaps in the morn ing ; but I'll see you no more,' 'Really !' exclaimed she, in a kind of consternation. 'Really, miss— if there should be such a word as real where all is a dream. So, Miss Rachel, good-bye.' ' No, I'll not say good-bye,' said she ; ' and you shan't go— good, kind Carmel I don't think I should know Raby without you : so, good-bye it shall not he.' ' Well, miss, what will you say?' ' I'll say good night, as usual.' 'Very well, miss,' and he held out his hand timidly. She gave him hers. ' It will do ; yes, better. Good night, Miss Rachel ; for night it will be.' He hurriedly kissed her hand, and repeated faintly, 'Good-night!' and he walked quickly away along that front of the old house, and was lost to her sight, before she had quite recovered from the surprise of the strange familiarity, if anything so sad and timid could be so called, of his parting salutation. 'Poor Carmel ! is he really going? And so grieved; he seems quite heart-broken. Has he heard anr very bad news from his people at home ? Surely he ought to tell us ; papa may be of use, and advise him ; and he ought to know that we all feel for him, and with him, in all his troubles.' So she murmured to herself, as, leaning from the window, she looked after the disappearing figure of Carmel Sheilock. lie walked round the two sides of the house, and by the small projecting tower, I may call it, ill which his quaint apartment lay. '?What an oddity — poor old Carmel!' said she, with a, little shrug and a smile, as he disappeared. ' Spirit of light and beauty ! ' said he, with a moan. 'Henceforward forme, the long, dark winter of the north ! The hours of (lowers and of light I Ehall see no more.' Up anil around ho looked ; he was taking leave of cTeiythuig that night. The front of the house, with the hall-door, and the winged demi-griflins keeping guard, with fierce crooked beaks, and talons, and expanded wings, were all in deep shadow by this time. He stood upon the stops - the door partly opened. ''What is tho meaning of these things ?' pondered Carmel Sherlock, whose mind, like all others too strongly infused with fancy, was easily and powerfully diverted by any other object that invited for the moment his imagination. ' These griffins, which her aldry has found — not created ; the eagle, tho lion — a combination whose origin goes back into mystery ; an Assyrian image, proceeding, perhaps, from visions. What is its meaning— what is its force ? What latent power and action on this world of spirits? See here ! this great family of Shadwell — the Shadwellsof Wyn derfel ; all through the County History growing greater and greater till they came here, and passed in and out between these carved dreams. Not a breath— not a sound— enters the door but through them ; and how have they dwindled ever since ! wane aud waste ! peak and pine ! Ha ! what's that?' 'Well ! what is it ?' said Shadwell, surlily, who had nearly reached the door-steps unperceived, on his return. ' Perhaps it's I ; will you allow me to get by ?' ' I saw it, sir !' ' What did you see ?' demanded Mark. ' I swear I saw it pass and enter the house !' 'Suppose we follow it,' said Mark. 'I think it did right at this hour.' ' Only a shadow — a degree darker than the rest ; your evil genius or mine ; an influence about no good — ? ThiDgB that love night. Love not such nights as these.' ' Do, pray, allow me to go in, or go yourself,' said Mark Shadwell, looking much angrier than Ms words implied. Carmel Sherlock drew back. ' One meets you everywhere, except where yon are wanted. Don't you think you might sometimes look into the books upstairs ; the accounts will be in a precious meBS, if you do nothing but study the pictur esque and see ghosts !' and so speaking, with an angry look at Carmel Sherlock — a look changed with violent and unspoken wrath— he entered the house. 'See, bow angry be U ; he can't lielp it. He does not see the cause ; he only feels it— my benefactor !' Carmel Sherlock hesitated at the threshold, and with a shudder entered it and went up alone to his room. (TO BE COKTINUED). 