WHAT ABE THE BESTLTS? Connected Avith our articles Avhich have appeared on the Bomish sympatliiesaud par tialities prevailing at the Sydney Infirmary, under the nursing managementof the Lady Superior, it behoves the Protestant sup porters of the institution, and the Protest- ant public generally, avIio provide nme- tenths of the money expended in the con cern, to ask, Avhat are the results of the great experiment of setting up in the hos pital in Macquarie Street something after tlui style of the Nightingale system ? We say " something after the style of the Nightinga,le system," for Ave are assured by those Avho knoAv Miss Nightingale, and Avho ' are acquainted Avith her system, that the system in Ma.cquaiie-street is very far from Being a true cop'. Neither in spirit nor detail is the system obtaining here a true representation of the Nightingale sy.stein. Be this as it may, it is noAv time for the, ipublic to enquire Avliat are the .results ,? An enormous expense has been .inflicted, iipon the country in order to secure the: genuiu'e article. Tlie Nightingale :Aviiig— a sort of Infirmary palace, and Avithal. a , veritable convent in its style, and manage-! meat- — cost the country, somewhere aboiiii £8000 ; AVC suppose this money must have been " 'laoiTOAved no matter, it Avas a cost incurred to secure the entirety pf tlio Eng-," lish system. Then four " sisters"— properly qualified to carry out the. instructions off Miss Nightingale- — Avere brought from, England, passages paid; ' Avith high Avages, and a three years' engagement, Avith return passage money, if at the end of the term, they should Avish to return to England. Next, nurses iirobationary, and sisters jiro- bationary, Avith a regid'ar staff of nurses, have been jiut at the lady's disposal. No . e.xpeiise Avas ever spared to make the.Sydneyi -HospitaljaninstitutioiiAvorthyof the colony., and worthy of. the high object Avhich it is in tended tosubserve. Well, nowtlatthe three years avBI soon elapse, Avliab are the results . of the Great Experiment 1 In the Avords of the chief originator of the experiment, the lady is a " fine English , Avoinan"— a . " lady of birth and education" — and inti- , mate with the " quality of the land." The sisters arc all superior women. And the " discipline" under Avhich they haye been . kept to their duties' has Avithout doubt beu "perfect." .Astohour.s, rules,.cliurch. prayers, dress, etc., they have indeed been hiovedlike aregiment of soldiers; And the . probationersliaving the example of tlio sis ters before them, Avith a sight of the discqiline of the lady, and, above all, Avith the generous, and friendly influence ? of the lady herself . ever exerted upon them, have been placed in the most favorable circumstances for be-, coming enamoured of the Nightingale sys tem. What then, avc ask, are the Tesults, of the three years experiment ? Is,:tlip . institution aiiythiug betterinits cleanliness : and comfort thaii Avliat it Airas in the days of ."Mrs. Ghost ? We are assured by com petent Avitiiesses that it is not. . Had Mrs. Ghost had pne-tenUi of the money placed at her disposal Avhicli. has been expended, in this fancifiil experiment, the resiUts in her hand would; have been very different. There- Avere imperfections and defects in her day Loo ; but, . considermg the money Avhicli has been, expended, : and. the oxpen- sive materialimportedfrom England, and the large number of assistants, the regime, of Mrs. Ghost, Avith no high sounding ticies,., and.no conventual pretensions, Avill fa vorably compare Avith the regime of tlie lady Superior, Avhose merits as a nurse and as a lady haAe . at present attracted the sympatliies of all the Aiistocracy ! We have been informed by medical gen tlemen, who have Avalked the Avards of the Sydney Infirmary for years, and who are Avell able to give an opinion as to the great anticipated results of the expensive experi ment of the Lady Superior, that the sys tem is a " sham." Without the enormous pretence Avhich now, obtains, thejpatients used to be cared for quite as well, and something better ; the vast improvements expected from the expense liave all turned out the most perfect moonshine. Of course, they say, the sisters are experienced wo men, and any patient would be safe in their hands but these women have nothing to thank the lady superior for ; indeed, the now celebrated Kcport of the Sydney In firmary Committee candidly tells the pub lic that three out of these four sisters are dissatisfied with her, and so dissatisfied that they will rather leave the institution than be subject to her ! But the expected results should be looked for also in another direction. The engage ment of the lady and .sisters from England for three years had tliLs object in view, to train a band of sisters and nurses, not only to perpetuate the system in the Sydney lu- fiiTuary should the English staff return home, but to provide sisters and nurses for allthehospittds andcharitableinstitntionsin the colony, and indeed colonics. The scheme was that the Sydne" Infirmary should be a " training establishment." Miss Osborne Was to be the grand educator of nui-ses and sisters. She was to give her name to a grateful posterity as the originator of a race of benevolent women who should care for the sick as they had never been cared for before. She was to bless the Austra- lias aslMiss Nightingale had blessed the Cri mea. She was to be the Miss Nightingale of the southern liemLsphere. Well, her engagement is just about to elapse. She has had threeyears of trial,, andmoney and everything else has been put in her power so that the experiment might not fail. Well, where ai-e the results? Echo an swers "where?" Not a single sister or nurse has been trained in the " training institution." Were the Lady Superior and sisters to return this moment to Eng land, the hoped for results would be "nil." Not a single woman has been 'made com petent by the personal teaching of the Lady,' to stand in the room of the En,glLsh sisters were they to i-etire. Not a single V nurse has been trained so as to be qualified . for taking her place with confidence and self- reliance. Not a single sister or nurse has been provided for the country hospitals by the teaching of the " lady." A good many women have been.made probationary sistei's and nurses, but they have left just as they came. The best of them have been driven from the concern in disgust. The advei'tisements in the Herald weekly appealing for young women and o there to otier themselves to be trained, may nov/ be considered as " standing advertisements." These tell a tale. They show how hope less are our hoped-for results. They .show what the public think of the training of the lady for the " sistei'hood " and the "nursing staff." There are plenty of woniien available, of the very best land, and the.se would be easily found, if the " Lady " had made the service popular and attractive. With the high prestige with which she came from England — not her own, but Miss Nightingale's — .she had a golden opportunity to make nureing popu lar with a class of women of the most desirable character. But her converitual- ism soon told a tale. Her .style of nur.s- ing soon checked the rising enthusiasm of ' any embryo sister and nurse. Very speed ily, in a community lilce ours, the report spread . from those Avho tried and left, that the Nightingale of Australia was not- at all lilce the description of the Nightingale of England. And now the result is, that hardly any wonian of the kind desired, will offer herself, and hence the despairing cry of the standing advertisement of the " Lady Superior." We ask the public to consider this. And when they have counted the cost of the experiment, the thousands which have been spent to train eompetent sisters and nurses for the colony ; and when they have comipared with the cost the results, either in real improvement, in the Sydney Infirmary, or in the actual training of nurses and sisters, we ask them to say whether or not the expression of the medical gentlemen before refeiTed to is a true de.scription of the fact — "the whole codcern is a pretentious sham." Sr. Axduew's College. — Wc perceive thiit the canditature of certain Ministers of the Pres byterian Church' for the position of Princip.il in this College, has now fairly commenced. We understand that two or three are expectants of the office. AVe can gather also that some com plaints are being made th.at the subscribers have been manipulated. AVe shall regret, notwith standing our views of the whole concern, if the subscribers should be distracted or misled in the imxiortant duty of electing suitable councillors, who are to pi-oceed hereafter to elect a " Prm- cip.al." As it now iijtpcars tliat all idea of obtaining tlio Principal from Scotland, -England or Americii is abandoned, and that the choice must fall on some one of the present Ministers of the Church in the colony, we are quite sure that no one minister has any claim excepting Dr. Lang. AVe have stated the grounds of this opinion m another article, to wTiich we beg to refer our readers. AVe however repeat 'th.at altogether irrespective of the services of Dr. Lang, and irrespective of his ye.ars of residence in the colony, the question of ahilily should de cide the election in favour of Dr. Lang. Al though there arc many schol.ars and university honoured men in the Presbyterian Church in the colony, it is quite manifest that of those who are understood to be candid.atcs for the Principal- ship of the College, there is no one .at .all to be com)<ared in litenature .and scholarship with Dr. Lang. It will be wise, therefore, for the sub scribers to consider this, if they wish the College to have a ch.ance of disappointing the fears of those who are at present doubtful .about it. Nor do we think, whatever the ground for the com- Xd.aints whicli .are being made, th.at the m.ajority of the subscribers will lose sight of the undoubt edly paramount claims of Dr. Lang. Slvi'ivn.'\ A CJT»Trr'XtT» 1 « 4- world has recently been shocked at the P.ajtal blasphemy which has now been consummated by the dogma of iiif.allibility, but some Popish symxj.athisers attemxit to make excuse for the Council of old dotards .and old Pius himself, who h.ave apx')roved and accepted the dogma, by saying that they are in their dotage. So it may be ; at le.ast, men must really bo m their dotage who prox)osc or accexit such a dogma. But blasphemy is not conlined to Rome and its Council. AVe have p.altry specimens of it occur ring in .Sydney, .and issuing monthly from one of the "recognised members of the New .South AVales Press, viz., the AuHlralian Free Itelhjiaus Preee.'' We give our readers a specimen of "Unitarian, blasphemy" which a Pillar in Macquaiie-street dares to x>ubli3h as some of the. scmtillations of his "more light. Por e.xamx)le, this "rational Christian" ' sa,ys jmthubly the writers of the Old Testament .Scrixiturcs were honest men." Again, he says, th.at the ".Toho- vah " of the Hebrews " — the Jehovah of the Old Testament wan "blood-thirsty, je.alous, vindic tive .and viiin," yet tliat th.at "blood-thirsty Jehovah" w.as "less unamiable than the He.avcnly Eathor of the Calvinists." Again, he says, "that "the same God who thundered from .Suiai the commandment ' Thou shalt not steal' — 'Thou shalt do no niuialer,' instigated his chosen pcoxde to peqjetr.ate a most discredita ble fraud . . . and afterwards ui'ged them to wholes.ale slaughter !" Again, he says that Da'vid w.as rebuked bj'' Nathan, not on account of his foul brc.ach of- moral Law, but because his conduct would damage ike preslUje of Jehoeah %iorshipi" Again, this Unitarian .slogger says, that "the man after God's own heart," David, like Jacl, w.as "the most XJcrfect incarnation of treachery .and murder;" then, th.at "Abraham was agrossly superstitious man, a traitor to his reason and conscience, and who, in subserviency to the bloody worshix) of Moloch, was xirexiared to sac rifice his son in obedience to what he must have known to be a di.abolical prompting !" Ag.ain, this learned Unitarian says, that "it is not easy to see th.at Abrah.am w.as the superior of Joseph .Smith!" 'J!hen again, he says, that "in the life of .Jacob there is an artistic combiu.aticln of sharp X5r.actice and rchgious cant;" and that whenever he "ventured on any unusually sm.art speculation, ' the Loixl agreed to countenance him in consideration of receiving ton per cent, of his incomings !" And then, this iconocla, ' in ravuig mockery of Paul's word, says, "time Avouldjfail me to teU of Gideon and Bar.ak,' &c.;, and as far as any mov.al purpose could be served, a most unxn- ofitable task it would be !" .Such are the blasxdiemies of the " Free Press." .Such the strictures of the Unitarian Priest, whose Cain like offei-ings arc oftbred cvei-y month, .and who has taken in h.andtotalkofourselves.as "uii- scrnxndous, " andas being givingto "dirt Hinging. " But such dirt as the above — such unscruxmloiis Xn'ofanitj' — has very little , of the Christi.an or of the x'hilosoxjher. No doubt, it is his duty to demolish " the f.alse mor.al staiulards " which are found in the Bible, .and everybody can see the mysterious coimection between a SamxJson ami a Pillars ! The PnoToaKArHTG Comtvny. — A very spirit ed undertaking has been commenced in Sydney, by an American Comxmny which has recently ar- I'ived, viz. , to xjhotogr.aph every house and street in Sydney. AVe have seen their workmanshixj, and it is really good. AA''e think that so exten sive a xdan ought to be encorir.aged by those who h.ave shox)s or birildings worth exhibiting. The XJrice per dozen of " the cartes" is marvellously chcax). . Mil. Butler and the Ratlway Laroureus. — Mr. Butler has more than ' once attemxited to sneer at Protestant Political Associations and newspaxjei's for their watching the supposed favoritism of the Government or authorities, in giving Romanists a greater share of the public employment than is duo to them. But we see that he has an eye to the same sort of tiling him self when he thinks that it will serve his pur- XDOse. Last week he enquired about certain la- -borers who had been discharged from the rail way works. He -wanted to know why certain Rom.an Catholics hatl been discharged. He was answered that they wore discharged because there wasnomoreworkfoi-lthcm ; andtbatreligion had nothing to do with their dismissal. But Air. Butler w.as not satisfied. He w.anted to know whyhis Rom.an Catholic friends had been dis missed; AVe siqixioso that the only answer which Avould satisfy him is " because they tvlll betaken on ayaiu." This would be Irish enough, and for , thatr eason it would please him. No House. — On AVednesday evening last, the Government business night, there was no House. This is very bad. If the Government have a majority they ' ought to have been able to go on with business, even if the oxiposition x>urposely, and " f.actiously," stoxqied aw.ay.- But no ma jority was there. The opposition will not helx) the Government in the present crisis. The Treasurer's Budget is anxiously, looked for ; 'and no Government business wiU be allowed to xass lintil the financial xiolicy of the Govermnent is revealed. Mr. .Johnson King has been appointed Police Alagisti-ate at Kiclunond. 