' BENJAMIN DISRAELI. (From the Leisure Hour.) j To have occupied tlie position of Prime Minister of England is a distinction which falls to the lot of few. To have attained that position with no adventitious aid, and solely bj' the exertion of great abilities, is the fortune ol' fewer still. Mr. Disraeli entered the House of Commons with- out wealth, without family connections, un befriended, and comparatively unknown. Thirty years afterwards-years, it is true, of patient and persevering toil-his genius contending with i rank and outstripping it in the the race-he waa first Minister ol' the Crown. Looked at in any light, this is a noteworthy fact, whether as con- cerns the individual or our parliamentary system of government. Since 1837, taught wisdom by the failure of his maiden effort to address the House, step by step Mr. Disraeli rose an acknowledged power in the political world;, and, although some surprise was felt in the country on his appointment to the office of Chancellor of the Exchequer in the first Derby Ministry of 1852, there was no surprise, but rather congratulation, expressed, when early in , the Session of 18C8 he was called by his Sove- reign to the Premiership. On that occasion the late Lord Derby, whose retirement was com- pelled by ill-health, thus spoke of his suc- cessor :-" It is very satisfactory to me to be empowered to transfer the office I haye bad the honour of holding to one whose co-operation and friendship I have enjoyed for more than twenty years, and who I am persuaded will prove himself not unmindful of those great con- stitutional principles which it has been the study of my life to uphold, and to which, so far as my health will permit, I shall not cease to give my earnest though unofficial support." Mr. Disraeli is descended from one of the Sephardim (or Spanish Peninsular Hebrew) familtes. Expelled from Spain in the fifteenth century by the severities of the Inquisition, his ancestors took refuge in the Venetian Republic. There they flourished as merchants, having in their new country abandoned the Gothic Spanish surname they had hitherto borne for that of the distinctive Hebraic appellation of D'Israeli. Benjamin Disraeli, the grandfather of the late prime minister, settled in this country in 1748. Having acquired a compe- tence by merchandise, and married in 1765, he took up his abode at Enfield, and died in 1817 ' at the age of ninety. He is described as " a man of ardent character, sanguine, cou- rageous, speculative, and fortunate, with a temper which no disappointment could dis- turb, and a brain amid reverses full of resource." The sympathies of his son ' Isaac very early took a literary direc- tion. " A pale pensive child with large dark- brown eyes and flowing hair," and when years had stolen on, " timid, susceptible, lost in reverie, fond of solitude, or seeking no better company than a book." Such is the picture given us of Isaac Disraeli. To check the alarming poetical tendencies which his father deemed unsuited to the mercantile life to which he had destined him, he was sent to Amsterdam to be educated. His education there had, how ever, an effect directly opposite to that designed by the parental plan, for he returned to England with a poem which he had written against com- merce as the corrupter of society, and with all his literary aspirations confirmed. This poem he sent to Dr. Johnson for his opinion, but the great man was then on his deathbed, and the packet was returned unopened. This was a dire dis- appointment to the youthful litterateur; he became unhappy. His parents looked upon him as moonstruck, and sent him to travel abroad. He travelled in France and visited Paris, seeking the society of learned men and frequenting vast libraries. Returning in 1788 to Enfield, he published an anonymous poem " On the Abuse of Satire," which was attended with such success that he was at length allowed to follow the course of his indi- nations. And with good result ; for the works of the elder Disraeli aro among the established classics of English literature, charming from their combination of learning and research with a certain childlike simplicity, and an all-per- vading sympathy with the literary character. Benjamin Disraeli, the eldest son of this amiable, industrious, and successful writer, and the subject of our notice, was borm at No. 6, Bloomsbury-square, on the 21st of December, 1805\. His mother was a Basevi, a family of high repute in the Jewish community. Old Mr. Basevi was a strict Hebrew, and it was not till after his death that the Disraelis openly separated from the Jewish persuasion. In his early years Benjamin went to a preparatory school, kept by Miss Mary Roper, with a sister, at No. 6, Colebrook-row, Islington. Miss Roper died a few years since at Brighton, and, was very fond of talking of her former pupil, who had attained such eminence. He gave precocious promise of excellence in elocu- tion. His mother was justly proud of his ability, and a friend remembers her saying that her " Ben would some day be Lord Chancellor or Prime Minister." He did not go up to either of the two great universities, but received a thorough classical education from private tutors-one of whom was Dr. Cogan, well known as an accom- plished scholar. After this young Benjamin travelled through the principal cities of Ger many ; and on his return home, with the view of obtaining some insight into business, he entered, for a time, a lawyer's office. Mr. Austen, a solicitor, residing at Montague-place, was the intimate friend of his father. Mrs! Austen was a gifted lady of literary tastes ; and the elder Disraeli was one of a literary conclave avhich assembled at the house of the Austens. Here the son met with several celebrities of the day, and the effect of this intercourse must have been to stimulate his am- bition, and to direct his aspira- tions to independent literary production. While still a minor, he wrote the novel of " Viviain Grey," and on its publication, in 1826, from its dash, piquancy, and satiric power, it created no small sensation. The author has himself since termed it " a hot and hurried sketch as eveer was penned." Appearing anonymously it avas attributed, in the gossip of the time, to aarious writers, among whom were Mr. Thco- dore Hook, Mr. Crocker, Mr. Lockhart, and, Dr. Maginn. The Austens were in the secret of the authorship, and seem to have communi- cated it to Robert Plumer Ward, the author, of " Tremaine," who, in a letter to Mrs. Austen - one of his cherished cor- respondents - expresses himself as " asto- nished, not merely at the natural powers, but at the acquisitions of one so young." In connection with the success of Mr. Disraeli as a novelist, we may mention the interesting circum- stance that, on a visit to Mr. John Gibson Lockhart, as Chiefswood Cottage, near Abbots- ford, ho made the acquaintance of Sir Walter Scott, and also, it appears, of Sir David; Brewster, who then also resided on the banks of the Tweed. In not a few of the sketches of Mr. Disraeli's career, hitherto published, it is stated that, during the period of his nonage lie was con- nected with the Iùprcsentative, a daily journal, started to advocate Tory principles, by the late, Mr. John Murray, of Albemarle-street, and! which existed for only six months, at a heavy loss to the publisher. The story is purely apocryphal : Mr. Disraeli had nothing what- ever to do with the journal in question, either as founder, editor, or contributor, and never, indeed, wrote a line for its pages. , In 1827 the ill-health of his friend, Mr Meredith, w ho was affianced to his only sister, led Mr. Disraeli to undertake a journey to the East.¡ In the course of his travels he visited Italy and1 Greece, and -witnessed some of the incidents of the civil war which then desolated Albania. From O -' 'inople he travelled through Syria' and the Holy Land, visiting Sinai and Egypt, and, proceeding up the Nile, penetrated into Nubia. While absent from England, the pen of our traveller was not idle. " The Young Duke " was then composed and published ; and then, also, was conceived on the plains of Troy the "Revolutionary Epic." Wandering over that illustrious scene, surrounded by the tombs of heroes, and by the confluence of poetic streams, Mr. Disraeli deemed himself in that excited hour a poet, and lamented the destiny that had placed him in an age that boasted of being anti-poetical. It, howe-ver, flashed across his mind that in great poems the poet embodied the spirit of his time. " What," exclaimed he, " is the revolution of France a less important event than the siege of Troy? Is Napoleon a less in- teresting character than Achilles ? For me remains the " Revolutionary Epic' " Three books only of the poem were written, and fifty copies printed, by way of ob- taining a verdict on the merits of the perform- ance. That appears to have been adverse, for the work was not proceeded with ; and Mr. Disraeli was thus compelled to forego the hope of taking rank with the great epic writers. Yet, while we may smiler- as the author perhaps now would-at such exuberant youthful enthusiasm, we must allow that the conception and scheme of the " Revolutionary Epic " gare evidence alike of a noble ambition and a great capacity. Nor is the published fragment devoid of pas- sages of power and beauty. The purpose of the work is expressed in the proem to the second book " Amid the passions of a struggling- world On mo descends tho spirit of great song ; A holy offlco mino, and noble aim ; To teach to monarchs and to inultitudos Their duties and their rights. Tho end to touch Of their existence ; and 6oreue and just, From out their mightiest annals to create A mightier moral ! this my theme sublime." Between the inception in the author's mind of the "Revolutionary Epic" and tho composition of the published portion after his return to England, he was engaged in writing " Contarini Fleming : a Psychological Autobiography," and "The Wondrous Tale of Alroy." " The one," he says, " devoted to the delineation of the poetic character, and the other to the celebration of a gor- geous incident in the annals of that i sacred and romantic people from whom I derive my blood and name." " Contarini Fleming," suggested doubtless by Goethe's " Wilhelm Meister," has been pronounced by Heinrich Heine " one of the most original works ever written;" and, with much rhetorical extravagance, " Alroy is yet remarkable for the splendour of its descriptions- the rich colour- ing and oriental glow of its language." While we observe a remarkable similarity between the elder and younger Disraeli in point of early iriepressible literary aspiration, we are ' not less struck by the different mode of its manifestation. The father, purely literary in his tastes and sympathies, withdrew himself into the sanctuary of his library, held intercourse only with the eloquent dead, and was but little conversant with the gaieties and strifes of the outside world. The son, on the contrary, from the first, by his satiric sketches of lhing celebrities, his political speculations and ambitious aspirations, showed tlie bent of his genius for a life of action. Nor was he content long to remain a mere spectator and critic ; he coveted a seat in Parliament, and did his utmost to effect an entrance into that arena of party struggle and political debate. Koon after his return from the East in 1832, Mr. Disraeli offered himself to the electors of High Wycombe, a borough in Buckingham- shire, in the neighbourhood of - Bradenham House, his father's residence, where kia boyish days had been passed beneath the shade of an cient yews, and amid the quiet beauty all around.* The position which he took up at the outset of his political career was that of a reforming Tory ; it is important to understand this, and it will be best explained in his own words : " I was absent from England during the discus- sions on the Reform Bill, far from that scene of discord and dissension, unconnected with its parties, and untouched by its passions. The bill was virtually, though not formally, passed when I returned to my country in the spring of 1832. Events have proved that the opinion I formed of that measure on my * Bradenham rfouse is about four miles from Iligh Wycomlie. In the church of Briulcnlinm, attached to the wall, and over tho pew bclongiiip to the mansion, is a small rural tablet of white marble, bearing the following inscription:-"Sacred to the memories of leane Dmrneh, Esquire, n.c.i>-t of llradcnham House, nuthprofthe ' Curiosities of literature,' who died January 19th, 18-48, in his 82nd year, and of his wifo Mario, to whom he was united for forty-five years. She died April 21st, 18-47, in the 72nd year of 1er age, Their remains he side by sid« In Uic vault of the adjoining chancel.". arrival was more correct than the one commonly adopted. I found the nation in terror of a rampant democracy. I saw only an impending oligarchy. . . . There- fore I determined to the utmost of my power to oppose the Whigs. Why, then, it may be asked, did I not join the Tories ? Because I found the Tories in a state of ignorant stupefac- tion. The Whigs had assured them they were annihilated, and they believed them. They were ignorant that the millions of the nation required to be guided and encouraged, and that they were the nation's natural leaders, bound to marshal and to enlighten them." The theory thus broached that the Tory party ought to be the popular political confederation of the country, has been throughout his life not only a favourite idea of Mr. Disraeli's, but a steadily pursued purpose ; indeed it furnishes a key to the correct appreciation of much of his public career, and perhaps most of all to his, advocacy of the recent Reform Bill, conferring, as it did, household suffrage, and which passed under his auspices. His early radical- ism, as it has been termed, propounded to the electors of High Wycombe, and which amounted to the advocacy of triennial parliaments and vote by ballot, was adopted on the ground that it was necessary to bring the governing body into harmony with the popular feeling, and was only a phase of his political creed of popular Toryism. Defeated in the contest for that borough by a small majority by Colonel Grey, a younger son of the then Whig Prime Minister, in the following year Mr Disraeli offered himself to the electors of Marylebone. Rejected by that constituency, he once more appealed to his neighbours of High Wycombe in 1834, but with the same unsuccessful result. The speech which he addressed to the electors on this occasion, he published ' immediately in a separate form, under the title of " The Crisis ' Examined." In the following year his political views were still more fully developed in a work entitled " A Vindication of the English Constitution," which originated in a conversation with Lord Lyndhurst, and was addressed in the form of a letter to that "noble and learned lord." Having again suffered a defeat at Taunton in 1835, Mr. Disraeli's ambition was at length gratified by being returned to Parliament for Maidstone at the general election in 1837, consequent on the death of William IV. His first speech in the House of Commons avas on the J li election petitions, and_is memorable for the unfavourable reception which it encountered, and for his prediction that " the time would come when the House would hear him." " A failure is nothing," he afterwards said ; " it may be deserved, or it may be remedied. In the frist instance it brings! self- knowledge ; in the second it develops a new combination "usually triumphant." A week later-on the occasion of Mr. Serjeant Talfourd moving for leave, to bring in a bill to amend the law of copyright, -we find Mr. Disraeli again briefly addressing the House in its support, having been requested, he said, to do so by some of the most eminent literary characters. In 1839 he had so far made an impression on the popular assembly as to have his powers as a speaker fully recognised. In that year he married Mary Anne, the widow of Mr. Wyndham Lewis, his late colleague in the representation of Maidstone, and the only daughter of the late John. Evans, Esq., of Brancoford Park, Devonshire. To this lady, in the following terms, he gracefully inscribes , one of his works of fiction :-" I would inscribe this avork to one whose noble spirit and gentle nature ever prompt her to sympathise with suffering-to one avhose savoct voice has often ? encouraged, and whose taste and judgment have eacr guided its pages-the most severe of ciitics, but-a perfect wife." At the general election of 1841 Mr. Disraeli avas returned to Parliament' aa member for Shrewsbury. Previously to this period he had published, in addition to the works already men- tioned, "Henrietta Temple," dedicated to Count Alfred d'Orsay, as the memorial of an " affectionate friendship ;" " Venetia," in avhich, under fictitious names, he depicted the characters "'of Byron and Shelley ; and " The Count ' Alarcos," a tragedy in five acts, which appeared in 1839. The most successful of Mr. Disraeli's avritings - " Coningsby ; or, the New Generation "-was' published in 1844, Three considerable editions of the last avork avère sold in this country in thred months ; it was largely circulated throughout the continent of Europe, and within a very brief period more than 50,000 copies were required in the TJnitedStates^ of America. ' It ran through five editions' in , as many , years. " Coningsby." is ' the expression of its author's dissatisfaction with the policy and aims of the Conservative party, which came into.power.as the result of the general election of 1841, under the leadership of Sir Robert Peel. It liad not originally been his intention to employ fiction as the vehicle of his views, but after reflection he adopted it as afford- ¡ ing the best means of influencing opinion, j The aim of the / writer, as expressed in the dedication of the avork to his friend Henry Hope, "is to scatter some sugges- i tions that may tend to elevate the tone of public life, ascertain the true character of political parties, and induce us for the future more carefully to distinguish betavecn facts and phases, realities,and phantoms." 'Particularly he endeavoured to show that the political,insti- tutions of the country avere the embodiment of the popular necessities, and that Toryism consisted in the maintenance of these institutions. In considering the Tory scheme, the author recognised in the Church the most poaverful agent in the previous development of England ; and the most efficient means of that renovation of the national spirit at which he aimed. At first a supporter of Sir Robert Peel, the author of "Coningsby" broke off, along avith the young-England school of politicians, from his allegiance to that Minister, on the ground that he headed a party without princi- ples, and tried to govern by a confederation bound together by personal influences, t Following "Coningsby," after the lapse of a ,year, appeared "Sybil; or, the Two Nations," in which the same doctrine of aristocratic demo- cracy was promulgated. " Tancred" was pub- lished in 1847. In this work he developed 'more fully his cherished conadctions on the subject of the Jewish race, which ho hadintro ,duced into some of his previous avritings; and. 'to avhich he afterwards gave fresh prominence in his " Biography of Lord George Bentinck." In 184G the corn laws avere repealed; the re- signation of Sir Robert Peel folloaved in the same year. The death of Lord George ¡Bentinck, in 1848, led to Mr. Disraeli becoming chief of the Opposition in the House of Commons. Under his leadership in the Loaver House, the Conservative party carne into poaver in 1852, when Mr. Disraeli took \ office as Chancellor of the Exchequer. This J important post he again filled in the second Derby Ministry of 1858-9; and also for the { third time when the late Lord Derby-on the resignation oí Lord Russell'.» Ministry in 1866 \--once more assumed the reins of Government. A gcneial election occuircd in 1847, when Mr. Disraeli was returned to the House of Commons as one of the Knights of Bucking- hamshire. He has since íepicsented that count), having been elected no iewei than nine times. In 1848 the mcnibci tor Bucks became a county squire, having inherited Hughenden Manoi* on the death of his father. Many years ago," sajs the biographer of Lady Blessington, " I fiequently met Mr. Disraeli at Lady Blcssington's abode, in Sea more-place. It required no ghost from the grave, or lapping spirit from the invisible world, to predict cten then the success of the young Disraeli in public life. Though in general society he was habitually silent and rescived, heveas closely obscivant. It lequired gene- rally a subject of mole than common interest to pioduce the fitting degree of enthusiasm to animate him, and to stimulate him into the cxeieise of his marvellous powcis of conversa- tion. When duly excited, however, his com- mand ol language was truly wonderful, his ?pov, er of sarcasm unsurpassed ; the readiness of his wit, the quickness of his perception, the gi asp of mind that enabled him to sei/.e on all p.uts of an} subject under discussion, those only v> ould A enture to call in question who had net ci been in his convpany at the period I icier to." Amid his political pmsuits, Mr. Disiaeli has found time to edit his fathei's biography of King Charles the First, which appeared with an ad-\eitisement by the editor in 1851; and also to issue a collected edition of the whole scries ofthat popular author's writings. It is foieign to our aim in this sketch, bejond a simple rcfeience to events and opinions, to enter into the consideration of the political career of Mr. Disiaeli. That career can only be faiily estimated when it has reached its conclusion, when facts arc fully known, and when the spirit of paitisanship has so far died out as no longer to influence the estimate. Meantime, however, as so much has been written of an adverse chaiacter, we deem it only just to the eminence and high public services of the late Premiei to reproduce here a few sentences wiittcn so-far back as 1852. "No one, of whatever political creed, can now affect to doubt or disparage the many high Par- liamentary qualities of Mi. Disraeli. His reso- lute spiiit has been conspicuously displayed under Aery exti.ioidinaiy difficulties. Pie has combined an indomitable pei severance with great fertility oí resource. In Opposition ho hats been, and if he does himself justice, ho must again be, most formidably influential. He may jet acquire whatever ho needs for , the discharge of the high functions of a Minister. Ile has shown himself at once a brilliant orator, and what is -still raier, a powerful debater; but he has not, as yet, w e think, earned the reputation of a statesman." Although Mr. Disiaeli has been only for short intervals in office, we, presume none will now dispute that he has abundantly established his claim to the title of statesman -7 nor when the heats of contending factions have passed away will the historian hesitate to do justice to the prominent part he took in the settlement of the Reform question, which had baffled so many previous Ministries, and barred the way to useful legislation. " There is not a statesman living," says another writer, " who has more laboriously and more continuously strh cn than has Mr. Disraeli to arrive at great principles. Any one who will carefully go through his works will be perfectly astonished at his restless anxiety to get at the elemental truths of government and of British politics." Among the opinions which enlarged political experience and knowledge have led Mr. Dis- raeli to reject, are his early notions of -vote by ballot, and triennial Parliaments-neither of w hich, indeed, are inconsistent with Toryism ; but to Toryism itself, as from the first professed by him, he has steadfastly adhered. His con- sistency as respects the Reform question has been much questioned, but his speeches on this subject, extending over a long series of years, have been published, and are open to the in- spection of the curious. We have already referred to Mr. Disraeli'^ appreciation of his wife, expressed in the in-I scription to one of his woiks. On the occa- sion of the banquet given to him in Edinburgh in October, 1867, in returning thanks for Mrs/ Disraeli's health, he said : " I do owe to that lady all I think I have, eyer accomplished, because she has supported mo by her counsel, and consoled me by the sweetness of her mind and disposition. You cannot please me more; than by pa)ing this compliment to my wife." Mrs. Disraeli was created Viscountess Beacons- field in December, 1868-a title won for her by her husband, whom, in his public life, it had been lier pride to console and sustain ; and we may believe it was with no small satisfaction, while declining the coronet no doubt primarily, pioffered by the Sovereign to himself, that he I accepted it for Aie brow of his wife. . Mr. Pitt received a like honour for his wife, ¡who was made Lady Chatham in 1761, while Ihe himself was not created Earl of Chatham' jtill 17G6 ; and so, moie recently, the wife of ¡Lord Campbell was cicated Lady Stratheden,' while the future Lord Chancellor wqs still in/ ¡the House of Commons. \ , ( The general election of November, 1868, de-, jcided at once the fate of the Irish Church, aiid j the Ministry of Mi. Disraeli. For seeing at the time of his own election for Buckingham ¡the inetitablc result, the then Prime Minister, ,in his address to his constituents, uttered the ¡following words, which, as a solemn and pathetic expression of the motives and feelings of the defeated statesman, may fitly serve as» ja conclusion to our sketch':-"No one knows ¡better than myself," said Mr. Disraeli on ¡that occasion, " that, in the course of an agitated, and now, I am sorry to say, a long ¡political career, I have done many things which ,1 regret, and said many things which I deplore J but a man's career must be judged of by its (whole tenour and character. I can say for mj self, with the utmost sincerity, that I have' 'always sought to maintain the greatness of by country ; that I have ne\er had' one thought of a base or sinister character, or of self-inteiest; ond that, there is no reward which I more desire, and ^vhich I more prize, than the good opinion of. ' my fellow countrymen in whatever political party they may be ranged." I On the 7th of June, 1853, the degree of' p.C.L. was conferred on Mr. Disraeli by the ' University of Oxfoid-an honour not less ac- ceptable from the circumstance that it liad also been bestowed^on his father. * The church of Hughenden parish le distant about two mil?» from High W)combo Isaac Disraeli 'purchased the Ilnghcnacij , Manor »tate m 1840 It Is now tho property and soat of the KlKnfc Uon Benjamin Disraeli, M 1». Tho mansion is a lmndsomo brick , structure, situated on a gentle eminence, commanding from its (louth front a pleasing new of tho ¡town ol Wycombe. Borno portions of tlio bouse are of great antiquity. : . . '_?*"? park and grounds consist of about 300 ncrcs. In tbo former is mncli forest timber, comprising fine large old oaks and beeches, with more recent pfantations. On the north and southside« ot tlie mansion arc extensive lawns *tee^^yyoyMBeeO¡nn, the seed of which was brought from lebanon by tho present I ^e^nughendenjand sof bym.own hands. Sec BWfr. lum'« '< History and Topography el Bu«kingUamebire."J fe 