ORIGINAL POETRY. THE AMATEUR EQUESTRIAN. It happened some short time ago, (The day is not recounted) A gentleman of easy means, Desired to be mounted. He saw young bloods pass by his door, To go to hunts and races, And so determined he would too, Just try some horse's paces. He went into a stable yard An active hack to hire, And just about the price of one , For prudence to enquire. The ostler met him with a grin, Said, "Sir, are you a horseman?" At once our hero answered him, By saying, ''Yes, of course man." They sallied forth to view the nags; Said ostler "This will suit you," But mentally unto the steed, "Be quiet now, you brute you." Our hero left, but first agreed To take the horse the morrow; He kept his word as you shall hear, And kept it to his sorrow. At twelve o'clock with whip and spurs, He came a bit dejected, For riding it was new to him, As he by this reflected. No sooner was the horse brought out, Uneasy from the manger, Then turning to the groom he whined, "I hope there is no danger." "Oh dear me, no Sir, not the least, You said that you could ride, Sir." "Oh yes of course I can" the youth, In agony replied, Sir. Then walking like a ghost he strove The snorting beast to straddle, When ostler hinted he had got The wrong foot to the saddle. He could not guess how this could be, Nor why the ostler said it, The next request was half-a-crown, And willingly he paid it. Beseechingly he coaxed the man, Unto the gate to lead him, And pride alone then spoke the words That he should no longer need him. But scarce a mile had he advanced, Ere he essayed a canter, The brute unwilling--from his bed, Just pitched him off, instanter. He fell upon his head I know, And then lay in the gutter; The constables who found him there Removed him on a shutter. A doctor's bill he had to pay; The horse some days they lost him; With aching limbs upon his bed, He thought of all it cost him. Oh may his fate a warning prove, In pity 'tis I state it, But candour to our reckless youth Compels me to relate it. R. D. Emerald Hill, Nov. 23, 1870. 