CHEAP TELEGRAMS. WHAT the introduction of tlie penny postage system was in the United Kingdom, at the time when the experiment was first at tempted, the reduction in the telegraph charges promises to be in this colony-the only difference being that the beneficial effects, both socially and financially, are much sooner apparent in the latter case than they were in the former. In both instances the first result was an immediate increase in the number o£ letters or messages trans mitted, but at the same time in each case there was a decided falling off in the revenue of the departments. The falling off, com bined with the increaso of the working ex penses consequent upon the extra strain. upon the departments, led to adverse criti cism by those who, from one reason or another, regarded the reforms in an un favourable light, and the innovations were at once, sans ceremony, pronounced failures. The reduction in the scale of postage to the uniform rate of one penny certainly produced a decided and serious decrease in the revenue of the Imperial postal department during the first few months of the operation of the new scheme ; but speedily the iucreased extent to which the postal facilities were availed of by the public demonstrated, beyond the possibility of cavil, the wisdom of the reform. The same may now be said of the telegraphic reform inaugurated within the commence ment of the present year, which, though it at first threatened to result in a falling off in the revenue of the department, while it involved an increase in the working expenses, has within the first quarter recovered itself, and now shows an actual increase of revenue for the three months over the same period of the previous year. The sueecss of the reform has thus been as rapid as it is de cided, while tbc present indications are that it will yet develope to more startling propor tions, both as a social and financial success. A_t the close of the first fortnight the returns showed an increase in the number of tele grams received or transmitted to the extent of 133S, but a falling off in the revenue, as compared with the same period of the pre cediua inrvnt.h, o£ £61 7s. 9tl. By the end-, of the month the increase on the number, of messages dealt with had reached 5672, hide- -, pendent of a decided increase in the number of repeated messages. On the other hand, ' however, the revenue derived showed a total decrease, as compared with the previous month, of £151 3s. lid., and a still greater deficit of £170 Os. Gd., as compared with January, 1869. There were, however, at this early period of the experiment certain indications whieh led us to augur the ulti mate success of the reform, and an opinion -, was expressed to that effect at the time.'. This opinion was verified last month, when we published the telegraph returns for the month of February. This return showed the number of messages dealt with to have reached the unprecedented number of 18,585 ; whilst the revenue showed a balance against the same period of 1S69 of £139 7s. 4d. This at once reduced the actual deficit in revenue on the two months to £30 13s. 2d., and it was then pointed out that the increase on the present month will probably result in the deficiency being totally wiped out. This result, however, has been more speedily attained than was even anticipated, the first quarter ending with a balance, as compared with the first quarter of 1869, of £24 6s. 4d. By the courtesy of Mr. Turner, the Assistant Postmaster-General, we are enabled to give the figures making up the total for the month of March, as well as those for the quarter ending on the 31st of that month. Daring last month, the number of messages received at the chief office for transmission was 8282 as against 6581 in 1869, showing an increase of 1701 telegrams. The difference in the number received was still greater, as in March, 1869, these only numbered 7631, while last month they reached 12,867, show ing an increase of 5236, or a total increase on the number of messages dealt with of 6937 nearly 50 per cent. The revenue derived amounted to £3031 10s. 4d., or an increase on £2996 10s. lOd. (the amount derived from the same source in 1869) of £54 19s. Gd. The totals for the quarter show that the number of messages received at the chieE office during the three months was 35,329, and the num ber transmitted 22,707, making a total of 58,036 messages dealt with within the period mentioned-a number unprecedented in the history of the department. The revenue for the quarter amounts to £8292 12s. 6d., as against £826S 6s. 2d. of 1SG9, showing, as before stated, an increase in the present quarter of £24 6s. 4d. From these facts, taken either individually or collectively, but one result can be obtained as to the success of the reform ; and let it be hoped that, now that it is seen what telegraphic reform can effect, postal reform will no longer be ignored or neglected.-Federal Times. Tiie Northern Argua is responsible for the following "ghost story," the particulars of which were furnished by one of the parties to the scene :-It appears that the watchman who takes under his especial supervision the William-street blocks, had his attention ar rested about 12 o'clock at night, while on his beat, by the sight of a man dressed in black carrying a child's coffin on his shoul ders, with which ho entered the cottage of a man whose child was lying dangerously ill. The watchman, surprised that the burial was contemplated at that unusual hour, followed the coffin-bearer into the house, and seeing no other occupants save the man and his sick child, asked him why he chose tliat hour for the interment, to which he made the reply of " Why my child isn't dead, thank God!" "But," saidthowatchman, "didn't I see you bring in a coffin a few minutes acjo ?" " No, certainly not," was tho reply. " Well, then, I certainly followed you into the house with one, I can swear !" However, tho man persisted in his denial, " that he had not been out of the house at all, and had been watching his child the whole evening, and never left it for a moment." Upon which the watchman loft perfectly satisfied he had seen a ghost, and believes so still. One strange feature in the matter is, that the child died the following night. 