OIOUCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The first meeting of the session of 1870 took place in isbasne on Wednesday, June 29, when the Bishop, as president, delivered the following aadrees : 'My'Bev. Brethren and Brethren of the Laity, it is with feelings ofdeep thankfulness to the Almighty Giverof all good that I meet you at the opening of tihis'the second session of our second synod, to again take eoounil with you, with the view to the ordering snd-well-governing of the Church in this diocese. "'Biaes the close of our last session several changes havertaken place in the constitnent members of our bodj'by the resignation of some of the lay members of oeorSynod, and the departure of others from the coloy ' and o annot allow this occasion to pass with onts'brief tribute of affectionate regard and respect (in which Iam sure that the members of the Synod of the Ohrech in this diocese will truly sympathise with me) for the memory of one of our clerical brethren, who,'in the infinite orderings of Divine wisdom, was thusnearly taken from us. It was in August, 1867, thattlhe RBe. Mr. Botting, who had previously been admitted by me whilst in England to the desonite, joined .s at'Brisbane, and scarcely two-anada-half yeareehad elapsed from his entrance upon the active dutis ;ofthe ministry when it seemed good to our Heasenly:Father to call him from his labour into his rest. In the pastoral district of Warwick, where the iAeSew-months of his ministerial life were spent t in theippolous and important town of RBekhampton, whbioll had hoped might for many years have had the advintage of his single-minded and untiring dove. tion{ootheservice of onr Heavenly Master I and in the eompanstively quiet town of Gladstane, where he hadgous itha hope, if it had been God's will, of reorating:gihis, battered health, and where, in 'the. hom qtfa kinhaed ymppathising fribad,'the few last weekst diis iluabl'llie ?iere spento-the memory of our deirfriend will'leng be held in.afectionate 're gurd'e whilsthis sorrowang widow, who is now on the eve ahter departure for her native land, will carry wishher the affectionate sympathy of those who had learned to rvalueher excellent husband, and who, truly-sympathiing with her in this her deep affsiction, yet weep not for the dead thus early called from his labour to his rest, but for the loss to the Ohureh of services .o full of the fairest promise, and for the sorroi of those who are left to mourn the loss of one so justly valued and so truly loved. "In the report of the Diocesan Council which will be laid before you, you will see, my rev. brethren, and my brethren of the laity, that during the present session of our Synod many subjects of deep importance to the welfare of the Church in this diocese will claim, as am sure that they will receive, your patient and careful attention. There will be laid before you for your consideration the draft of a model trust deed, wbiichhu been very carefully prepared, with a view to scouring the property of the church in this colony, together with a form of conveyance for incorporating the tetist. Adraft canon for regulating the election of ynodsmen in amendment of the electoral canon paidby tfthe first Synod in its session of 1888, has been repared by a select committee of the Dioresan Coun?il, ad will be brought before you. You will be invited to consider a draft anon which has been w .preped:.with aview of providing for the formation and division of parlshes, and also a canon to provide for.talsnoetitotion of benefices and the appointment of e?laegy, asdyon. will be asked to give your very -arefaltttention ?to the report of ,a aub.oommittee, whiehbas appointed by the Dloces?e Council to eon iulre into the desirability or otherwise of repealing what;ecommonlyltalled Sir 'Richard :Bourlk' :Aot, together With a ill which- has been prepared for the purpoeibf;repealiog'Act B, William 1V., No. -6, and 31 VioearitaSo. Ans alsotno incorporate the Synod of thidiboeseof-risbane.. J-'. . .Y?barvemr f ;ttention will 'Ihope; my 'brethren, be .ireil?ito tahel? portant matter ofesiorg a fund fok the eat puma r os o haf r eh' bkteailu t, n he dinesspa?aLtop th necessity ofmakig-eomb plt'oisien for masdid rneessary expenses ofthepyod - 'hasewarious tnportant atters-will be more fdlly;aeeebefere youa ns tbe,' lportof thi Diooeean Connoeiliatd,lihelnlraft canons, ,whioh .'together with that report, will be laid before you,'but lhere abesome =.. 4 thiEhaptinwnhlioh I would wish to say a'few words toyoessore d e'id.etala . S'If;my#a.v: brethren and brethren of the laIty, we Swouldlieire that the oction of the Synod shohld tend, mnder'God's blessing, to promote the more healthy develbr$ met of the missionary work of the Church in Sthis etb itnire diocese, I beliere it to be a'matter of Iamot li~slte neeoosity that we should, without ,fprtht ',delay; insugurale 'ome schene fot the formattlio and establihment tof i general Chuich extentibn fndd, which 'can only be prorided by the periodical contributions and hearty free-will offerings of thUthful mnembers of the Church. I cannot say that altige)hr regret that the Diocesan Council was unablto protbeed with its circulation of the appeal (oopi: ofwhitshare now Lid upon the table), as I belide'thet ota ppeal will go'forth with greater t oroe Tb tbthembiersi of ibe Church in the diocese, f it 1 i ki?owi that it has been carefully considered t Ain Ba' eilhe the sanction of the' Synod. If, o. 4vwt ifhesfud hlobh it is now proposed to rise 'siotiO beWaitnidered as merely intended to meetthe m. aersmlthditte nhhbeattloaof atbrettnt emergency, * ut1iti1ir witahthati?t should beoome the perma ent ? tafi~l;O uohfhd of thedioese, itappears .tom etti'titiltl' thold itselfbe more oompre lienai?iti 'ehrater, and thit the regulations under w b?hioh?M*ttf aidCiainintered, sihould be based upon the pAidpl' l?ohibi sh bamen adopted and eo success folly *brtd''dbt in 'the dioceies of Sjydney and Newcastle, that it should embretie 'dte'daribns objects which the Church;ar-theanvangiter of the people, it bousLP fgn4ritake,sAnuvnite periodical contribh :t.ons as hlsf.f,,,.l,-r soy ofAepi6opoed objea lthe paSPtyiOad othe geuiibin.expBe the Synoplly dtre t?pjepmt ~ rlao tao, - thieal.bodeep im lpo Wide, d oae of ua ll, my brethre wn whether .ben tehat l h is proped to ssraise i to be deroted xof the ast ion, t wo , ' If thiurh eitaleon in ta e diioo n?ded r hsthe rit h at hombide wih er ailable for L( AT A0M3oY. ".tm s ijt neos lay agency o lones.of vwrydeep im t pordta and nstme ofyou, m brethren, may remwm ir that in my opening address at the commencemeot of the ltt session, IMoid, r If this ralable e tenttance * I is needed for l thren, t t h e rith her admirable ,parociial system (the reult of the pious liberality and lrisgeoht of our forefathers in days of old), much .thaor it necessary in our coloniee, u whre the St ordained minister of religion are comparatiely few in number, and.many of them placed in charge of a poatotal diatriot often larger in territorial extent than some of our glih dioceses.' 'It sisgood, my brethren, to the Church at large its good, I am ? ure, for our brethlren of the aity themselres-that they should be frequently reminded -that a way is open to them of usefulness in the Church .of God, and of effording much valuable ristane to the ordained miniiters of religion, not by con ayating e to e ervice of the Lord their tithe only, onthei habits of bhu iness as churchwarden, or their admiontrtitalent' T unempobert of the Synod, neutd notborintendin and teaching in the Sunday sohool,.and especially, where occasion requires, by ommi ionedmiitr. han angelit in condulting Divine wite der the aotiority of the bishop and of the estirring 'of he district. "may read aned(i would, ato the preeot time, be stpel poy lablef G 'st many rural dstrie ats itin a radiuabfromfirse to twenty miles from the oity of Brisbsaniwhere the settlers have recently erected (or arecontimplatin the erectionor ) some rural churches. nod mq it itrnto the heart e of ome pious laymen to desisb tdler themselves for the good work of fftrdinge ea m intioraon of un r holy religion (o far e a laymaon is able todoso) to the settlers worship ing intbeserural ohnrohes; "t anill nfeignedmy brethren, repeat what said, on a former- occastion, 'The emnplymenat'olay agency need notinterfere with the due authority ofadivinely hommissioned mnistry. The fwithfn l layman may, with telsanction of the bishop, cnduct the soul stirring aerio of our book of common prayer. He may read and <if foond competent to do so) eplain the purport of God's written Word; he nmay, under th dinetion ofthe authorised minister, visit the sic-, and oomfort i he ad-hlearted, but he annotadminister the sacraments, or pronounce, with authority, the declaration of Divine pardon to those who truly re sat and unfeignedly beliore the Gospel; he cannot les in his Divin Master's name, or diemiss witlh the solemn benedictiopn h congregmation among whom he hrs ministered ; and I will now only add in con otion with this deeply imporlanto subject that upon the application of thle lay officers of lle church repre senting the congregation of any rural district counter signed and sanctioned by the clergymen of tlh dis )sot,-or in default of such, by some licensed clergy man of my diocese, I shall be willing upon their r-. oommendation to accept and formally saonetion tle sTsios of -sy pious and well-qualified laymau who may be led to offer himself for this work and labour of Christian love. " NDOWtENT OF PABSanoa. " I have already said that a canon will bolaid before you, which has been prepared with the view of pro tiding for the formation and division of parishes, and also a canon to provide for the constitution of henefees and the appointment of clergy. The Church extension fund, of which I have already spoken, will, I trust, be able to give very eficient assistance towards the main. tenance of clergy in the more sparsely populated and newly settled districts of the interior; but the enact ments of our Synod are intended not only for the aup ply of our immediate necessities, but for providing, so fr as we are able to do so, that when we ourselves are called to our account the ministrations of our holy religion in their fulness and efieiency may be continued to those who shall come after us. I have long been of opinion that in any colonial diocese where it is proe ticsble, a system of partial endowment for the support of the clergy, to be supplemented by the voluntary contributions of the members of the congregation to whom they minister, will be found to be the most desirable and satisfactory expedient; that to be entirely supported by voluntary contributions places the clergy in a state of unhealthy dependence upon the will of the congregation; whilst on the other hand the sys tem of entire endowment is exposed to the danger of rendering the clergy too independent of the affectionate respect and good will of those who are committed to their pastoral supervision. I hope to have the satis. faction of bringing under the control of the Synod, through the provisions of our modeltrust deed, certain portions of land which will, I trust, in due time form the nooleus of an endowment for several distriote of the diocese t and I am anxious to take this opportunity of impressing upon the members of the Church in geherel, and of thin Synod in particular, the importance of otir now endeavouring, whilst land is comparatively of little ve4e, to obtain benefactions of portions of land which may, like the glebes of the mother-country, hereafter form no unimportant Item in the endowment of the clergy. The timely liberality of a gentleman resident in Sydney, and well known for his readiness to further every good work, has enabled me to procure some eligible portions of land to form, by his desire, the nucleus of a general endowment fund, out of which it is hoped that hereafter assistance may be given towards the gradual endowment of newly-constituted districts in the diocese. " Whilst engaged in the organisation and develop ment of our own branch of the Church Catholic in this colony, we, my brethren, can never fail to watch with deep interest the progress of questions which are oedupying the careful and anxious attention of the members of the Chburch athome nd of theseI would, at the present time, especially instance the Education Bill which is now occupying the attention of the Imperial Parliament, and the re-organisation of the Irish Church, consequent upon its disestablishment and partial disendowment, and the severance of its connection with the State. Undoubtedly there were grave reasons for the disestablishment of a Church, which being recognised by the Slate as the religious Shstructor of the people, yet claimed for its members but a small proportion of the population of the sister island; and I cannot but believe that a real or sup posed grievance having, by the wisdom of the Im perial Legislature, been removed, true religion will are tong flourish more abundantly in the sister island by the blessing of Almighty God upon the measures which are being taken for the voluntary re organisation of that branch of the Ceatholic Oharo. of Chridt; Lng, my brethren, may the Chuirch of Englend continue to be the national Church of our mueh-loved fatherland ; long has she .been--as even thoie' Who 'are not of her comminion will, I am sure, beb eady to acknowledge-the great educators of that Iand; and year by year she is becoming moue snd iiiore in" realit~ what she has long been in niame-the ?Chesch of the people.. Two great .hind ranbes to her progress have been the unwilingness of. tie ?tate to allow extension of h?eepiscmpate, and thealniost exclusive occupation by a smal portion of the coommubity ofe those venerable parish churches which should have continued to be a once they were -the'eiltaee of all.. The recent restoration of the oMoe of bishop enfiagan ss, hesppily at least partially removed one ,reat impediment to her progress, and a stumbling-block has been taken sway which must sooner or later have led to her servrance from the State; while, if the Church in our fatherland should ere long unhappily be disestablished, we have long since learnt, from the rapid growth and derelopment of an unestablished Church in the United States of North Ameriea and the colonies of the British empire, that, as the Church was no creation of the State, so her vitality need not be impaired by her severance from it. "Few subjects, my brethren, are of greater import ance than the education of our children, and those who have watched with interest the animated discus ions whichl lately harve taken place in the mother country can searcely fail to have observed that an overwhelming majority of the people will happily only be satisfied with a system of education which is based upon religion, whilst a very general disapproval has been expressed of the proposal that parents should altogether be relieved of the duty of contributing to war?' the expense of the education of their children. "In this colony within the last few months the payment of all fees by the parents of children who are educated in schools assisted by the State has been abolished. I do not doubt the good intentions of the Government in the adoption of this policy, but although it will doubtless, for a time at least, increase the number of children in ottendance at our schools, I very much doubt the expediency or necessity for ,uchi an alteration. If the addition to the salaries of the teachers in our schools is to be really equal, as it justly:should, to the loss they have.austained through the compulsory abolitioio f the school pence, it will. necessitate a. very considerable augmentation of the Parlidis?qiey, grant fori the purposes of education, whilstvieryfew, comparatively speaking, of the parents ofhildren in this colony are, I believe, either unable pr unwilling to recognise their natural obligation to provide in some measure for the education of their childree ; and I cannot but think that, iftheliberality of Parliament is willing to devote a larger portion of the publio revenue to the purposes of education, it would have been a more judicious appropriation of an augmented grant, both to have improved the character of tbe.pducation given in our primary schools, and to have inaugurated some well-considered system for the establishment of boarding-schools in the more sparsely populated districts of the interior, where I grieve to say that a large number of children are permitted to grow up in a state of the most lamestable ignorance, whose parents are utterly unable, without some such assistance, to provide for the education of their children, although they would readily contribute towards the salaries of the teachers, if schools were onee established. "There are other important subjects upon which, my brethren, I should hare been glad to have addressed you had time permitted; but I must pass on to say a few words with regard to the progrees of church extension in the diocese during the past year, and I feel that, with deep thankfulness to the Almighty Giver of all good, we may humbly acknow ledge that the material progress during that time has not been uneatisfactory especially when we bear in mlind the elate of commrccial and financial depression which still continues to press heavily upon the colony. May God of His infinite mercy grant that each step in material progress may tend to the quickening and building up of many an awakened soul in our most holy faith. The new church of All Saints, on Wiekham-terrace, having been opened for Divine service on the 8th of September last, now affords additional accommodation to many who had anxiously -desired to worship within its walls; and when I tell you that the offertory from Easter 1869, to Easter 1870 (during a considerable portion of which time the congregation were.gbliged to meet for Divine worship in the School of Aris), produced no less a sum than 1578 6e. 9d.-the free-wall offering of a congregation which is far from being the wealthiest of those that assemble themselves together within the limits of the municipality - and that subsequently to the passing of the churchwardens' accounts at Easter, the collections each Sunday seem to have steadily increased, owing in great measure to the larger number of coins that each Lord's Day are now cast into the plate, a proof that a much smaller pro. portion of the congregation than heretofore are un willing to recognian the duty acnknowledged in those words of the Royal Psalmist, 'All things come of Thee, and of Thine Own have we given Thee.' We need not, I think, fear that in a church otpen to re ceive all who desire to woreship within its walls with a hearty and devotional congregational service, a clergy man active in the diligent observance of that house to hlouse visitation which is one of the most iuportant obligations of the pastoral ofice, and churchwardens really anxious to discharge that labour of love which appertains to their important ollco, that at least in towns of any importance, a faithful clergy, wholly occupied in their high calling, need fail to receive such a scale of remuneration as will enable them to live without continual anxiety and carefulness, a faithful laity acknowledging that it is their duty to set free from anxiety with regard to carnal things those whose high calling it is to minister to them m things spiritual, and desiring that their clergy should not only be able to enjoy the decent proprieties and comforts of their position, but to educate their chil dren, and make some provision against the casualties of life and the infirmities of age. " Those of you, my brethren, who are in the habit of using our Southern and Western Railway, will scarcely need to be reminded of the convenient and really handsome church which now greets the eye of the traveller as the train stops at the station at Too woombe; a building creditable alike to the liberality of the inhabitants of that town and neighbourhood, and the untiring energy of the clergyman of the dis trict: whilst the visitor to Brisbane who is anxious to make himself acquainted with the agricultural capa bilities of its neighbourhood is likely in his tour of investigation to visit the farming settlements on the banks of the river at Oxley Creek, where he can saarcely fail to be reminded of some of the village churches of our native land, when his eye is first arrested by the seemly appearance of the rural church, which has with so much pious care been recently erected by the inhabitants of the district. It will, moreover, be interesting to you, my brethren, to know that a church is in course of erection at Port Mackay, which is at present the most northern settlement of the diocese, that the handsome stone church which is now being erected at Warwick will, I hope, be open for Divine service in the course of the next month, and that the settlers at the Albert River, the Pim pama, and the Bald Hills, have recently been in com muaication with me with a view to the erection of churches in those distriets. Neither can I omit to mention the Church of St. Augustine of Canterbury, which is almost immediately about to be built in the town of Leyburn, and the erection of which will be attended with circumstances of more than ordinary interest inasmuch sno it is the free will offering to my diocese of the boys of the endowed school of Uppingham, in the county of Rutland, at whose cost it will be erected, and who, having thus testifed their interest in the progress of the Church in one of the colonies of the British empire, are now, I understand, about to inaugurate a home mission in one of the poorest and most destitute districts of our native land. " The formation of new districts is one, my brethren, of the most satisfactory proofs of the real progress of Church extension, and I am thankful to be able to report the recent formation of the new district of Allora, under the pastoral charge of the Rev. Mr. Clayton, whilst it must be gratifying to my excellent friend, the Archdeaoon of this diocese, to know that that large area which had for so many years constituted his unwieldy pastorate, and within which he had happily been permitted to lay the foundation of so many separate congregations, is now sub-divided into the several parochial distrits of Drayton, Toowoomba, Warwick, Dalby, Leyburn, and Allors. "The several places at which I have held confirma tions in the course of the last year were-Brisbane, Ipswich, Western Creek, Leyburn, Warwick, Gympie, Maryborough, Gayndah, Drayton, and Toowoomba, and the number admitted by that apostolic right to the full membership of the Churbch were 316. " If, my brethren, I am spared to preside over the lession of 1871, it is my purpose, preparatory to the meeting of Synod, to address a circular letter to my rev. brethren, the clergy of the diocese, with s view of obtaining information upon several matters of statistical detail in connection with their parishes, which.it is very desirable should be laid before the Synod;. and I am not without the hope that I may then, God willing, be able to give you some definite idformation, with regard to the formation of a new see-- toabomprise the.northern portion of the colony of Queentland, a considerable 'portion of which is at present included withinthe diocese ofthe metropolitan Bisheop Sydney. - . 'I4ook the' opportunity ofthe presence of aon eMderable member of the clergy of the diocese during the seiDon of last year to invite them to a conference for thepurpose of considering how-I will not sas their labonr may be lessened, but their upportugifies for good inreased, by the employment'of lay agency in'the diocese and I hope that my lay brethren, the Synodemen, who are present for the purpose of attend ing our present session, will allow me to invite them to a conference upon that very important subject, which it is proposed shall be held in this chamber on Saturday next. Our conference will commence at 11 o'clook, and probably terminate at 1 o'clock. ' And now, myrev. brethren and my brethren of the laity, thankingyou for the patient attention with which you have listened to my address, I would ' commend you to God, and to the word of His Grace which is able to build you up and give you an inheritance among allthem that are sanctified,' earnestly praying that by the blessing of the Holy Ghost the delibera tions of our Synod may tend to take away from amongst us whatever is likely to hinder godly unios and concord; that'as there is but one body, and one spirit, and one hope of our calling, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of us all, so we may henceforth be all of one heart and of one soul; united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may, with one mind and one mouth, glorify Thee through Jesus Christ our Lord."' DIOCESAN¢ cone1ce. . The Rev. Mr. Mattbews brought up the following report : 1\. In presenting their report for the past year, the Diocesan Council have great satisfaction in recording the fact that only one meeting out of seventeen hoel during the year lapsed for want of a quorum. 2\. Two vraancies occurred in the Council during the year-one in consequence of the departure of Mr. Douglas to Europe, and the other by the resignation oftiMr .ernays. The Council,.in pursuance of the powers granted to them in that behalf by clause I of the Dioceean'Oouncil canon, appointed Mr. O. Coxen and Mr..W. H. Walsh to fill the vacancies. 8\. The subjects referred by the Synod to the Diocesan Council, by way of "instruction," were:- (1.) The desirability, or otherwise, of petitioning the Legislature to repeal Sir R. Bourke's Act. (2.) The establishment of r book depository. (3.) The establishment of a clergy widows' and orphans' fund. (4.) Assisting the clergy of out-lying districts in giving attendance at Synod; and (5.) Nature and value of property held in trust for Church purposes. 4\. With reference to the first of these, the Council have to inform the Synod that they appointed a sub commlittee to take the matter into consideration, who brought up a report, which, together with the draft bill appended thereto, the Council now beg to lay be fore the Synod for consideration. 5\. The matter of the book depot was referred to a subcommittee for a report thereon, and a plan was suggested by which the same could be established, but no further action has been or can be taken there in by reason of the want of funds. 6\. Whilst the Counnil acknowledged the importance of the matter, they at the same time regret that they have been unable to take any steps towards the estab lishment of a widows' and orphans' fund.' 7\. A sub-committee of the Council, tb whom was remitted the question as to the best mode of meeting the expenses of the clergy attending thoh Synod, re commend that the respective parishes provide for the travelling expenses of their clergy; aodthe Council feel assured that members of cthe Syno& will meet with that hlospitality which the circumstahes require. 8\. The Council found it impracticable to inquire into the nature and value of all properties held in trust for Church purposes. They would, however, draw attention to the fact that schedule IL (return of property, &c.;), and the balanee sheet appended to the report of the select committee on dioeesan accounts, published in the report of the proceedings of the last asnseion of Synod, contain full accounts of the matters referred to therein. The Council also have to report that the Bishop has laid before them .a schedule detailing the nature and locality of the properties and securities on which the money contributed for the endowment of the see i iinovested; but the Caouncil are of opinion that for obvious reasons it is not do sirable to publish such a document. And the Counceil beg further to report that it is the Bishlop's intention, with the concurrence of thie Colonial Bishoprics' Council, so soon as the Synod is in a position to make an arrangement for paying the stipend of the Bishop, to lhand over to the Synod such of the securities as they may be willing to receive, and to take himself those which the Synod may deem doubtful or bad, paying to the Synod the capital of these aioter in full. SThe select committees appointed by the Synol to sit during the recess were four in number: on the subjects of enrolmout of church members, preparation of trust deed, amendment of Marriage Act, and education. 10\. The last mentioned committee has met when ever oceasion required, but at present it is not tbought necessary to bring up any report. ?L Of the others, the committee on the treut deed is the only one which has reported, and the result of their labours has been given to members of the Synod in the copies of the draft trust deed, and conveyance incorporating the trusts, the originals of which are now ]aid upon the table. 12\. With respect to the enrolment of Church members, the Council have to report that three of the gentlemen appointed on that committee are no longer members of the Synod. The mover for the select committee (who has left the diocese) has sent to the secretary of the Council a rough draft canon on the subject, and the Council beg to recommend to the Synod that the complement of the committee be made ap, and the matter remitted to them. 13\. A select ommittee of the Council wa appointed to consider the provisions of the electoral canon, and to report thereon, which they did; .and expressed their opinion that the canon was defective and required amendment. They also prepared a draft canon to aecomplish that object which the Council now lay be fore you. 14\. The draft canon on the formation and division ef parishes is again submitted for your consideration. There is a growing feeling among members of the Church generally that some measure of the kind is needed as a step to a more complete organisation. The principle of the canon is the same as the former one, but the mode of constituting ecclesiastical dis tricts is simplified. 15\. The question of appointing clergy to parishes is a grave and diffilult one, and the Council ask you to give careful attention to the draft canon on the subject laid before you. 16\. The very important matter of raising a fund for general church purposes-principally to procure and provide the means.of grace for those districts at pre' sent without them-has occupied the attention of the Council; and the committee thereon recommended that a special appeal be made throughout the diocese for the purpose ; the draft of whichappealthey alo drew up. But, in consequence of the want of funds, the Council were unable to proceed with the circulation of the appeal, copies of which are now laid upon the table, and which the Council hope will receive the early attention of the Synod. 17\. In close connection with the above is the not less important subject of obtaining a due supply of clergy. The Council have taken steps in reference hereto which they hope and believe will have the desired result. 18\. The Council earnestly beg the Synod to take into serious consideration the matter of defraying the expenses of the Synod. As will be seen by the trea surer's balance-sheet, published herewith, an overdraft of nearly £35 had to be obtained in order to enable the printing account to be paid, and for this amount certain members of the Council are jointly and sever ally responsible. There are seven places returning members to the Synod which have not contributed towaids the Synod fund ; and even should these places have sent in collections proportionate to those re ceived from other places, there would still be a deS eiency to the amount of one-half of the overdraft. Tihe Council would therefore recommend to the Synod the desirability of deciding upon some equitable mode of assessment for Synod expenses, and the propriety of enforcing the payment of the same. E. W. BesSenmE, Chaircan. 