EXECUTION OF DONALD HOSS. (From the Bulletin) The criminal, Donald Boss, convicted at the last assizes for the murder of George Rose, at Springsure, was executed in the Rockhampton Gaol yesterday morning,. Novemlor 21st, at eight o'clock. He had previously made a full confession of his guilt. Soon after 7 a.m. the Rev. J. Carson attended the prisoner, and remained with him till the last. By half-past seven the Deputy Sheriff, W. Wiseman, Esq.; the Health Officer, Dr. Salmond; the Police, under Sub-Inspector Elliott, and other officials, had arrived. About thirty persons who had obtained tickets were admitted at a quartor to eight, and assembled in the court-yard in front of the gallows. At seven minutes to eight the bell was tolled, and the prisoner appeared with his arms pinioned so tightly that his hands were quite livid. The procession to the gallows was headed by Hutton the hangman; Rev. James Carson, the officiating clergyman followed, read- ing suitable passages of scripture; next came the condemned man, guarded by a warder on each side, and one behind him. On arriving at the foot of the scaffold, Rev. Mr. Carson prayed with Ross, who was much agitated, and seemed to join earnestly in the prayer. At eight o'clock Ross ascended the steps,- trembling greatly, and being led by one of the gaolers, Rev. Mr. Car- son following. . On reaching, the platform, the rope was adjusted round his neck by the execu- tioner, and he then addressed the spectators in the following brief sentences : "My dear friends, let this be a warning to you. May God haeo mercy on all your souls." And then. in a tremulous voice, scarcely audible, said : — 0 Lord, my God, unto thee I commond my spirit this morning. Look upon a poor miserable sinner. 0 Lord God, have mercy upon me, and. pardon all my sins." The white cap was then drawn down over his face, and tied round the neck. Rev.' J. Carson again prayed, standing beside the condemned man, saying, "Into thy merciful hands, 0 Lord, we commend the soul of this thy servant, now about to depart from the body. Receive him, we humbly beseech thee, into the arms of thy mercy, into tho glorious society of the saints in Heaven. Amen." Then, taking Ross by the hand, the minister continued : "God the Father who hath created thee, God the Son who hath redeemed thee, God the Holy Ghost who hath infused His Grace into thee, eo now and evermore with thee; assist thee in this thy last trial, and bring thee to everlasting life. Farewell." The minister shook, hands with him, and retired. he executioner firmly adjusted the rope, moved off the platform, knocked out the bolt, and the unfortunate man fell to a depth of ten feet, the head striking the back of the scaffold in the fall, and the body afterwards swaying to and for for a few minutes. There was no sign of a struggle visible to the majority of the bystanders, but one or two who were close to the scaffold perceived a slight twitching of the legs, doubtless caused merey by contraction of the muscles. The body hung for a full half- hour, and Dr. Salmond having, felt the pulse and pronounced the man dead, the body was cut down by the hangman, and placed in the coffin. The visitors after signing the certificate in the usual form, that deceased had come by his death by the hands of justice, retired. The face was very much discoloured, and blood oozed from the mouth. The corpse was then removed to the cell which had been occupied by deceased, and a post mortem examination was made by Dr. Salmond and Dr. Thon. It was found that the neck was completely dislocated, and death must have been instantaneous. The lid of the coffin was fastened down, and at nine o'clock, Mr. Tucker, the undertaker, arrived, and the remains were conveyed to the Ceme- tery, and interred, Rev. Mr. Carson attending, and reading the funeral service. It must be satisfactory to the jury, and all concerned in the trial and execution of Ross, to have his own admission as to his guilt. In his case, there, has been no miscarriage of justice From the Rev. Mr. Carson we learn that Ross was a native of Scotland, county of Suther- landshire, parish of Farr, Beauty Hill. His mother is still alive, and Ross shortly before his death, requested . Mr. Carson to write to her. Ross said his father died when he was very young, and he did not remember anything of him. Ross never admitted his guilt until after Mr. Wiseman communicatod to him the tele- gram fixing the day for the execution. The day afterwards, Ross said to Mr. . Sheehy, the Go- vernor of the Gaol, he wished Mr. Carson there. He wanted to say that Jimmy Ah Nee was not guilty. He himsolf committed the murder. This statement was put in writing and Mr. Car- son sent for. The convict then made what he called a full statement; and on a subsoquont occasion he sent for Mr. Carson and made another statement, correcting the previous one as to the poisoning. Ross was an intelligent man, and was favoured with a religious educa- tion. During the whole time of his confinement in gaol, he was very anxious for reading religi- ous books, especially the bible. Since he heard that the day was fixed for his execution, he appeared very penitent, and was very anxious or instruction from his spiritual advisor. Mr. Wiseman had orders from Brisbane that Ross was not to be allowed to make a speech on the scaffold. Ross thought this very hard, and asked , Would he not be allowed to say, Goodbye? Mr. Wiseman showed him the telegram, telling him he oould say Goodbye if he liked. Rev. Mr. Carson attended Ross throughout his im- prisonment. . He was with him on Sunday night up to twoeve o'clock; and was with him again at seven. o'clock on the morning of the execution. Mr. Carson thinks there is good reason to hope that Ross was truly penitent. He trusted in God for Christ's sake for forgiveness, and ack- nowledged that he could not do anything of himself. He had not a full assurance of faith, but he trusted in God, and hoped confidently that God would forgive him He was very quiet during his imprisonment and said very little. Under the new regulations, prisoners under sentence of death are left alone in con- finement, and not guarded by a warder as formerly. The result is, in Ross's case, that no communications were made except to the Governor of the God or to Rev. Mr. Carson With permission of Mr. Wiseman, we append the several statements made by Ross since his trial:— 