STATE AIDED EMIGRATION. Tbe oracle has spoken. The Government,] after a protracted, season of hope- foeteriqg! reticence, lias given its deliverance, aqd all; suspense is at ah end. A debate, initiated by Mr. Robert Torreus, of Cambridge, on thej subject of state 6npport to emigration, issned! in the peremptory rejection' of the proposal: by a majority of 105, which' may be taken as{ a final, quietus to this pleasant dreamof philanthropic statesmanship. The agitation may not all at once, give np the ghost; the; cry for help may. not die array into sudden!! silence; public demonstrations will not itri-1 mediately cease; but all vitality is gone outi of tbe movement, and, unless a change of; Ministry Bhould occur, those who have so,* nobly championed the claims ofr tire ,un-' employed will soon yield totbe discourage-1 ment of those who find themselves, vainly j .beating the air. The fact is, rightly or' wrongly, nearly all bur' politicians And ij economists are opposed to all projects of state aid to colonisation. The Conservative papers have been trading upon the question .for some; time past Great 'sympathy has been professed for the distressed operatives; the assistance Of Government to facilitate the transference !i of the destitute and suffering to more protnis-! ing fields of labour has been clamorously de- | manded ; and on declining to undertake this i mighty task, the conduct of the Ministry has been stigmatised as churlish, callous, and j heartless. Yet it is evident that the Tory ] party does not follow tbe lead of its jour nalistic organs ; for on the occasion of the late division, only one Conservative out of nine voted for. Mr. ;. Terrene's-proposal. Tire r emainder of the party, eight-ninths of them, stayed away from one motive or another. So upon neither political party in the state can the unemployed reckon for organised help in tbeir trouble. , i The terms, of Mr. Torre ns's resolution were —" That in' order to arrest the increase of pauperism, and to relieve the distressed con dition of (be working dosses, it is expedient that measures be adopted for facilitating the emigration of. poor families to British colo nies." fie. expressed himself as .being in favour of authorising poor-law guardians to borrow sums on the security of the rates, which they should expend in providing means for emigration, repaying themselves in a limited period Pht of the rates they would thereby save. He also suggested paying £1,000,000; out of the consolidated fund, which, he thought, aided by local help from the sums borrowed on the rates to the extent of another £1,000,000, would defray the cost of the emigration of 50,000 families. Mr East wick,inseconding ,the motion, pointed out that the colonies afforded an ampleheld for tb plus population of this country; s to the-argument that if emigrat couregedhy the state it would dlife of the working classes, ct all experience proved that en not a matter of preference, bat b In his judgment, there ought to 1_. nent department of emigration, constituted; by the emigration.commissioners, and asso ciated with tiie Poor-law Board, with an assistant secretary at its head, and supplied with funds by the nation; The principle of Government aid, he reminded the House, had been conceded in the. Irish Land Bill; and why not make advances to English settlers in the colonies upon the security of, their lands ? That system had already been tried in Canada, and, worked well, the Go vernment annually recovering large sums of money on this account It had .also been tiied to a certain extent at the Cape and in the Australian with, good results. Such ad vances should be -made only to families, for it was tbe emigration* of families alone that. would insure any . tangible benefit to the country. Mr. Monsell, whp spoke for the Govern ment, gave: a strenuous opposition to the motion, which he characterised as the resus citation of a project lulled -off SflL years ago. !The first result of a system of state emigra tion most ha to check the tide of natural and voluntary emigration, which bad conferred such enormous benefits on the colonies. It would discourage, too, such a process of re lief as the Irish exodos. Would the coloniek consent to receive the classes whom it was proposed, to send out; or, rather, should we not soon have a pauper question with them, as we had formerly a convict question ? The colonists had ample means disposable for bringing over emigrsntswbeneverthey wanted them, and they would only bring over just' the classes they needed. . . The motion was simported by Lord G. Hamilton as a meaus or binding more closely together tbe colonies arid the mother country; by Mr. ti. Aytonn as affording an extension of the markets for our manufactures; by Mr. ;Macfie as tending to the consolidation of the British empire V by Mr. M'Cullagh Torrent who contended that there was no intentioh. of sending, out paupers, bat skilled and unskilled surplus -labourers. The pro posal was opposed by Mr. Melly, who thought the present distress temporary only; by Mr. Muntz, Mr. A. Peel, Mr. Brassey, and Sir C. Dttke. In oonclusion of ithe debate, Mr. Gladstone remarked on the vague language of the resolution and the dis cordant interpretation put on it. by its sap porters. To so indefinite a proposal, shirk ing every attempt at a practical solution, it Would not be fear the dignity of the House to {commit itself. Describing bis objections to a Estem of state emigration, Mr. Gladstone aintained that if Parliament did bychanoe ientertain it, itwould soonretrace itssteps. Snch a scheme would paralyse the natural opera tions by which the labour market was re lieved, and would stop the supply of volun itaiyaid for emigration. : Replying to the com plaint that the Government would do nothing, be pointed out that though ;they would not lay down any great scheme, Mr. Childerehad Recently offered the use of the transports going to Canada for emigration purposes. Lord Granville bad been inquiring from tbe colonial authorities whether they were willing to undertake the repayment of advances to emigrants, and Mr. Uoschen had been in com Kunication with the colonial agents here, to y nothing of the operations of the emigra tion commissioners. Moreover, they were rawly to entertain any practical proposal likely to be beneficial. But nothing like a whole tale scheme of emigration nad ever yet been found practicable—even in times of more severe distress, snch as tbe Irish famine and tbe Lancashire famine, though the subject bad exercised the minds of most experienced Statesmen. The reason for this was that it Was full of practical difficulties, on which, he dilated at some length, and among which he mentioned tbe difficulty of selecting the emi grants, the aversion of the working-classes as a rule to emigrate, the injnstioe of impnaW a heavy charge on the poor of this ooontry for assisting those who were, not paupers, tire impossibility of limiting the emigration to fire British colonies; end ^possible objections 1 of foreign powers if we did not. • One good effect of tire discussion of the rabjectintbe House of Commons, and the explicit declaration of the Government, will be to stimulate private efforts and strengthen the benevolent and self- belong organisations which are grappling with the eviL The com mittee of the British and Colonial Emigration Sodetyat once m ade a stronger appeal to the wealthy and! the generous tor theft-prompt aid, Three troop-ships are to beenoployedin transporting toCanada some iff the discharged labourers at Woolwich, Deptford, Chatham, and other Government towns, providefflfoe "victualling expenses—45s. per head—ar forthcoming. . . A crowded meeting.was reld at Web - ster on the lAth ins taut, ut ler the pre of the Earl iif Shaftesb ry, whe- v resolvefl'ioestablish an £ ngratior, . that district, into which working pay a stated sum weekly until t! . - will ^offijpe for their transpiantat'. Colonies.. The resolution was mov Alfred Courchill,' and seconded SiUith.the former of whom c opposition to state-aided cmi politic and unjust. The .National Einig ration.. reluctant to relinquish all hopes ^ mtiht Cd-operation in their wor. special meeting of the Kxeeui. General Council on the 3rd inst, were presented of the law;'. entire meetings attended in Vie province b deputations, at which the programme ot leacuo .had been endorse< . After the res', of the debate in Parliamt; ' on the previous, evening bad been describe / Mr., Torrens, "u resolution was passed pled^ ig the league to continue-the agitation for state supervision and succour ; mid ic was agreed that on an early daygreat demonstration in further ance ot this object shall, be made in the metropolis. ' The paper <on Emigration, read last month byMt.Edward Witeon, at a conference t>n the subject at thO Society of Arts, has been printed as a p&mpblet; and circulated Widely among our -legislators and other 'influ ential classes. Finding by statistical re turns that the balance between the births and deaths'• in the United Kingdom amounts annually to about 400,000, which vast number presses upon an over- crowded labour market, Mr. Wilson propounds a plan by which this redundant population maybe transferred to the British colonies -to their enrichment, .and to our unspeakable relief. The cost of this great undertaking Is estimated at £5,600,000, which, it is suggested, might be jointly borne by the Imperial Government, by -the oolonies benefited, and by the emi grants themselves, Great Britain to supply the ships,'the oolonies to furnish the dlet for the voyage, and the emigrants to find their own outfit. - These are: the three main br&nbhesof; expenditure. The project is de veloped with greatclearness, and the advan tages are depicted with a hearty earnestness, that show the deep held which the subject JEM- obtained upon the mind of the author. ^Systematic emigration on 'a grand scale will have-tabu faeorted to in the future, bat it is to'bd fetaefftbat our present race of states men axe u<St the men for the work. Schemes like that propounded by Mr. Wilson.wiil serve, howevqr, .tpiprepare the public mind for the ■dhaiyjA vffu^n'is inevitable. f Ta&nswbr; to inquiries by Sir J. Lawrence, [ihthe House of Commons, relative to free . emigrants to Western Australia, Mr. Monsell I said, during the present year no emigrants i would be. penE except convicts' families, un ; less Government had conclusive evidence that , free emigrants were wanted; raid would be , permgneutiy employed-. The despatch which i had recentiy.been received furnished no such ; evidence, and,until: they, received further de jspatcbea he would not be able' to give an ! opinion. There would be no objection to lay tail despatches received on thetable. The Time* of India says that Colonel Craw , ford's scheme for establishing a colony of re ! tired Indian officers in Tasmania has not | been prominently before the public of late. ! Yet it has not been allowed to drop, nor has it ever.fafeen otherwise than evident that suc cess would sooner or later attend the benevo lent effpris of the founder of the settlement. -Many unforeseen difficulties have had to be j overcome, and vexatious delays have arisen (when least expected; but npw the ,colony | may be ' considered as actually formed, and as having a most encouraging pros pect before IE Twenty-six members at present form the " Castra" colony ;, '6.720 acres have been taken up by them, and clearing will hare been commenced in good patpest before now.: Moreover, Colonel Crawford's agents, in Bombay have receive^ the adhesion pf others of. whom he knew not'when he last wrote, so that the strength and diatiensions of the settlement are greater than stated by him. . 