giffcingsi from IgMlw gmwh. SELECTIONS FiiOM THE ALMANACK. Scholastic.-We know a naughty little boy who, having heard it said that " history repeats itself,' pleaded this as an excuse fei his declining to attempt the repetition of a page or tvrb of Pinnock. While winding up your watch at night, think of the good acts you have done that day. You will not overwind. The wretch who can stand in a pair of slippers 1 worked for him by Ills wife; and scold her, is a brute who deserves to have tile gout in both feet. Horticultural-An old song makes mention of a garden of delights, under the name of "Cupid's Garden." In Cupid's Garden ihooss single flowers; and beware of widows' weeds. It is idiotic to tell a real dream. But it is con venient to invent one if you want to annoy any body, as nobody has a right to be offended at a dream, and nobody can prove that you didn't hare it. Kailways are Aristocrats. They teach "every man to know his own Station, and to Btop there. Brown came home with a black eye. To his wife's enquiries he replied, that; having asked himself a question, he received such a saucy answer that he had been obliged to resent it. His wife did not believe him, and got a new dress that week. Highland day.-Our bill-sticker is so devoted to his profession that lie always sleeps in a four poster. A Band of Hone.-A submarine cable. Sport:ng Intelligence.-Poor Smith was cam plaining of the bad sport he had had, owing, as lu; said to the wildness of his pointers. "Pointers! exclaimed a friend, "then, if I were you, 1 should call them disap-pointere No contradiction.-Can a tall man have a short memory? Yes, just as a short man can have a long sleep. Saving for the Geographical Society.-There is an island whose name is a negative-Ushant. The "tap" root.-Bailey. The bathers' paradise,-The Mendip Hills. Jnvenile Intelligence.-Athletic sports ate all the rage now in our nursery, and Master Tommy, aged six, is about to start a newspaper in order to report tbem. We believe he means to christen it "The Skipping Gazette." lhe Telegraph, which is to be universal, is difficult of explanation to some ladies. Perhaps this way is the best, " You know that if you cub a piece at sealing-wax hanL it will take up little bits of paper." "Yes," "Well, extend the principle and you will see how letters are conveyed by electricity.". An Asinine Saw.-"In for a penny, in for a pound"-as the donkey said when he went astray. Husbands are always thinking about monev. Wires never ask for it at alL They are quite con tent with a cheque, dear humble things. Alluding to chignons, Mrs. Clever said, " A girl now seems all head?" "Yes, till you talk to her," replied Mr. Clever. A WOBD OF CHEEK.-Would you keep out of trouble? lhen persevere in active industry. Put your shoulder.to the wheel, and you will never have to set your feet on it. No cost-If you want to enjoy the luxury of law for nothing, all you have to do is to prosecute an eaquiiy. Aggravating.- To be told, when you are wet through, that it is a beautiful rain ana good for the country. A Philosopher to his friends.-To have brandy and-water, you mix two things together. Yery good. But never do that in argument. "The Gamester."-What an absorbing passion is gambling! A man told us the other day that he had been tossing in his bed all night. Popular error.-The idea that the ostrich eats iron may have arisen from the fact, that a bird of that kind was once seen to devour a piece of cast away bacon, which, being rusty, was described by a waggish naturalist as pis-iron. An Idol of the Market.-A butcher, asked what oxygen is, replied "Beef." AN IDYLL. in the month of January. First 1 met my darling Mary. In the mouth of Febru-erry, Then I met her down in Derry. Once again in month of Marcli, Met ter at the Marble Axcli. Met her in the month of April, Gone to Bangor to escape Bhyl, Met her once again in May Sitting calmly at the play. Met her yet once more in June, When the Park-band plays a tune. Then I met her in July, Richmond Hill, and no one by. Met her yet once more in August, When it blew a nasty raw gust. I>id I meet her in September? Did I?-well. I don't remember. Then I met her in October. Spoke to her in sadnesB sober. " No" comes natural in JVbvember, Quenched was Cupid's flickering ember. >ever met again. December Of a Club I'm now a member. "POSITIVISM." Mamma is positive she left her keys on the drawing-room table only ten minutes ago. (They are in her pocket.) Papa is positive thete was at least halt a bottle of sherry in the decanter at luncheon. (Two glasses and a half > Georgina is positive Ernest was talking to that odious Kate Hoveringham, at Mrs. Thurgartou'a patty, for full three-quarters of an hour. (Ten minutes.) Eleanor is positive she has - not a single dress fit to wear at Mrs. Budby Tankerville's lawn party. (Four at least.) And Elizabeth (nursery-mud) is positive she did net stop talking to her "Cousin" more than ten minutes when slie was out with Master Arthur in the Park. (Three-quarters of an hour.) CULTUBE FOB THE MILLTOX; OB, SOCISTT A3 IT MAYBE. A FRIEND is NEED.-" Did you ring. Duchess?" " ITes, Thomas. Have you audi a thing as an English Dictionary?" "Well, no -I find I don't require one. But-a- what particular word may i your Grace happen to want?" ' VERY VULCAB SELL. i " Sou ought not to come to our dance in boot* with nails in 'em." "I haven't." " Then you've had your toes cut oli." A HOUSEHOLD RECIPES. To Destroy Black Beetles.-Turn a pack of fox hounds into the kitchen. Jo Cure Smoky Chimneys.-Discontinue fires.. To get rid of Ghosts.-Use disinfecting fluid eopiously. To Expel Dry-Hot-Soak the places affected with the finest dry sherry. To get the Servants up early in the Morrifiig Send them to bed early at rtgnt. To Revive. the Fiie-Tie up the front door knocker in a white ldd glove. _ To prevent the Beer going too Fast.-Possess the key to the mystery. To avoid Draughts.-Don't take anv. To dfSoy Moths. -Collect butterflies. _ How To keep Plate clean.-Wrapped op m silver IIMK ! 1 ?' i ? l t . i: . I'J1' I Bow to dispose of Old Newspapers.-Put then into the Uro?ru study. 