IN THE iviARC H MAIL $ H FROM <> ENGLAND. The arrival of the R.M.S. Malta places IIB in possession of our files and correspondence to the 25th March. The following are the letters of our London correspondents : LONDON, MARCH 25. NATIONAL EDUCATION. The Government Education Bill has taken the first place among the topics of the month. It was received in the House of Commons with a measure of approval that seemed to unite all parties, and to provide an easy settlement. Mr. Forster appeared to have found a basis of agreement by which to supplement defects without disturbing existing arrangements. The Times spoke of his speech as " a genuine triumph," and for some days criticism was almost silent. But it was not long before objections found a voice, and soon a formidable agitation commenced, led by the Birmingham League, which had pledged itself to a comprehensive scheme. The main points to which exception was taken related to the school boards which it is proposed to create in necessitous districts, and to the powers with which they are intrusted These boards will be elected, and may deter" mine with what denomination any new School under their management shall be connected, provided only that they obey the requirements of the conscience clause, which in all cases will be stringently enforced ; but it is objected that this proposal relegates " the religious difficulty to the local authorities, and would revive sectarian animosities in every parish. The Dissenters were not slow to denounce this part of the measure as involving a system of concurrent endowment and it is a remarkable feature of the times, how large a proportion of this number are in favour of secular, as opposed to denominational, education in all schools aided by Government. The party represented by the league would go much further than Mr. Forster ; they surrender that part of their programme which asked for free schools ; but they require that school boards should be established in every district, and they strongly object to what is called permissive compulsion," insisting that the national law should enforce attendance and that no choice should be left to the boards but to adopt the compulsory principle Numerous public meetings and private con- ferences have been held in all parts of the kingdom, and the agitation may be said to have culminated in a deputation which waited upon Mr. Gladstone, some 400 strong, overflowing his reception rooms, struggling up the stairs, and endangering the floors by their accumulated weight, as the Minister of Public Works has since suggested, with a hint that such " demonstrations" par- take too much of the physical force kind. The Premier, who was attended by Mr. Forster and Earl Grey, promised that full consideration should be given to all the points thus raised, and intimated that some plan might yet be arranged to harmonise parties. Another and influential deputation, including a number of Conservative members, presented itself the next day in support of the bill and it is a peculiarity of the discussion that the dis- sentients are on the Liberal side, and many of the warmest supporters of the measure on the Conservative benches. This division of opinion may work advantageously if it prevent this great question from degenerating into a party debate. The second reading of the bill did not pass unchallenged. Mr. Dixon, M.P. for Birmingham, who may be said to stand in a parental relation to the league, surprised the House with an amendment, illogical and unusual in form, which simply affirmed that "no measure for the elementary education of the people would afford a satisfactory or permanent settlement which left the question of religious instruction supported by public funds and rates to be determined by local authorities." He was met by Mr. Forster, who maintained that the mode proposed by the bill was the least objectionable of all practicable methods, and declared emphatically against secular education. "The vast majority of the people in this country believed morality to be based on religion, and valued the Bible; and nothing could be more unpopular than a statutory exclusion of the Bible and all mention of religion from the schools." The local authorities had been chosen because they were the persons most concerned and so far from producing quarrels, it was probable that the arrangement would lead more rapidly than any other to a peaceable settlement. Mr. Forster also pointed out that " every dogma of the Education League might be carried out under the bill if the majority in any district were in favour of it." The debate extended over three evenings. Mr. Winterbotham, the new member for Stroud, and a man who seems likely to make his mark in Parliament, excited some sensa- tion by the manner in which he spoke of the attitude of the Church towards dissent. He referred to a charge of the Bishop of Winchester (perhaps better known to your readers as but lately of Oxford), in which he had mentioned as the chief obstacles to the moral progress of the people " beer- shops, dissent, and overcrowded cottages;" and said it was not in human nature not to resent the pre latical insolence of which this was a sample. As a dissenter, he entreated the House not to create an established church in every school, and declared that he accepted the alternative of secular education without hesitation, believing that religious teach- ing would voluntarily be undertaken by appropriate agencies. I may interpose here, in passing, that the Bishop of Winchester did not allow Mr. Winterbotham's speech to pass unnoticed. in a long letter to The Times he explained his charge, quoting the obnoxious passages, and showing that the three things mentioned were put forward, not by himself, but by his clergy, as "hindrances," and that he distinguished "dissent" as of an altogether different class." His opponent retorts that the substance of the accusation remains at least as against the Church. But the bishop speaks now with a respect for dissent which is new in the mouth of this "model churchman." To return to the Education Bill, Sir Roun- del! Palmer, deprecating the tone of Mr. Winterbotham's speech, insisted on the importance of securing the co- operation of the religious bodies who hitherto had done all the work i and denied that the religious education given in existing schools was controversial instruction, or that any appreciable amount of sectarianism could be infused into the minds of children under 14. Mr. Lowe, with characteristic force, compared the controversy to the conduct of a herd of cattle which should desert the fine gross that nourished in abundance about them to fight for a bed of nettles in the corner of the field : but disclaimed any intention on the part of the Government to adhere doggedly to the details of the measure. Mr. Fawcett, who may be regarded as the leader of the ex tremerliadicals, sometimes called philosophi- cal," from their theorising, suggested, amid shouts of laughter, that " the Ministry re- sembled another herd which seized with un- wonted infatuation, rushed violently down a steep place into the sea, and perished in the waters ;" and went the length of saying that anything which pleased the members of the Opposition must naturally displease himself and his friends-a sentiment which Mr. Gladstonosubsequently rebuked, when, amidst loud cheers, he described Mr. Fawcett as having risen to the sublimest heights of dogma. In conclusion, the Premier intimated that the Government would not be unwilling to reconsider the details of the war on this point of religious education, and admitted that the time might come when the separation of religious from secular instruction might be more advantageous than the imposition of a conscience clause, and that in all cases the school authorities ought to be required to permit the use of the school buildings for the religious instruction of the minority. In this lost sentence probably lies the solution of the difficulty. Mr. Dixon proposed to withdraw his amendment after these assurances ; but some members objecting, it was formally negatived without a division. Later suggestions point to a compromise, by which religious instruction shall be limited to certain fixed hours before or after the ordinary lessons, and all denominations be free to have the use of the schoolrooms at proper times. THE IRISH LAND BILL. The session has so far been without excitement. The education question is the only one which has provoked any widespread in. terest. The state of parties is such, as to remove the usual incitements, and there is not even the ordinary show of opposition. The Duke of Richmond has been elected to the leadership of the Lords, and has accepted the post on condition that the Marquis of Salisbury and the Earl of Carnarvon surrender their independent position, and return to their seats in full allegiance to the Conserva- tive party. The second reading of the Irish Land Bill did not stir any deep feeling either in the House of Commons or the country. The debate was mainly carried on by Irish members, who, while finding many faults of detail, and chiefly object- ing to the want of uniformity in the measure, yet generally so far approved its principle as to postpone their amendments to committee. Mr. Disraeli's speech was in his best vein, but he refrained from raising any distinct issue, although he characterised the bill, as a whole, as complicated, clumsy, and here- rogeneous." As a rival scheme, he suggested that "all the customs should be left untouched, that liberty of contract should not be interfered with, and that if a tenant were evicted, having paid his rent, he should go before a court presided over by a judge of assize, which would protect the landlord from fraud and the tenant from coercion." Finally, he warned the House to be- ware of going too far in a policy which might hereafter draw from the Irish people the reproach that they had been treated as neither capable of comprehending justice nor deserving freedom." But it was left to Mr. Bryan to force his amendment-that the bill be read a second time that day six months to a division. The preponderance of eyes was so enormous that the division lobby would not hold them. For the second reading there were "2; against it, 11; majority, 431. Of the minority three were Conservatives sitting for English constituencies, and the remainder Irish Liberals. Mr. Henley, that " fine old English gentleman, one of the olden time was the only representative man among them and he had spoken with sufficient explicitness in the debate, referring to the story of the New Zealander, who founded his title to a plot of ground upon the fact that he had eaten the previous proprietor and asserting that the measure ought to have been entitled "A but to promote litiga- tion amongst Her Majesty's subjects in Ireland, and to secure the utter extinction of all small holders." The numbers of the majority, however, do not imply unanimity or the abandonment of all opposition. A meeting of Conservatives was subsequently held at Lord Lonsdale's, to determine on the course which should be taken in committee and it is understood that amendments will be proposed which, if carried, would materially alter the character of the bill. While admitting the necessity of exceptional legislation to remedy the evils of the past, it is proposed to insist on the principle of freedom of contract between landlord and tenant. Other questions will be raised ; but there is considerable difference of opinion on some main points. AGRARIAN OUTRAGES IN IRELAND. The condition of Ireland meanwhile does not improve The demoralisation of its peasantry is beyond the reach of laws to cure, and it is only by the slow process of years that we can hope to establish a happier state. Legislative reforms do not satisfy, and re- pressive measures are required to curb the spirit of mischief. While, therefore, Mr. Gladstone gives with one hand, he is compelled to hold back with the other. There is scarcely a week which does not chronicle some agrarian outrage, and every day bears testimony to the disturbed condition of the country. The judges on circuit have, on more than one occasion, expressed their alarm at the increase of crime. The Chief Justice of the Irish Court of Common Pleas, for example, referred to the subject in his charge to the grand jury of the county Meath. Four or five men have been brutally murdered in open day, yet no one was made amenable to justice. Sixty or 70 threatening letters had been sent since the previous assizes, and in no instance had the offender been detected. He attributed to the reign of terror" existing in the county the unwilling- ness of witnesses to come forward, but expressed his opinion that this feeling of fear would in time pass away. The Government accordingly have brought in a Bill for the Better Preservation of Peace in Ireland, the provisions of which were last week fully explained by Mr. Chichester Fortescue, He stated that agrarian outrages had been more rife within the last 14 months than at any time since the year 1852, but that then they were not only more numerous but more violent. Including threatening letters, the agrarian offences, which were only seven in 1866, had risen to 767 in 1869, and already to more than 600 in the present year. As regards the proposed measures, the bill will remain in force for a limited period only, and some of its clauses will apply to all districts proclaimed by the Lord Lieutenant, some to districts specially proclaimed, and some to the whole of Ireland, In all proclaimed districts special licences will be required to authorise the carrying of revolvers. Resident magistrates and police superintendents will be authorised to search for arms at any hour of the day or night and facilities will be given for searching for documents in connexion with threatening letters. Arms and ammunition must not be sold except to persons having licences to carry arms,. The magistrates will be empowered to commit witnesses who refuse to give evidence upon inquiries into offences as well as upon the trial of prisoners. In districts especially proclaimed the police may arrest persons whom they find out at night under suspicious circumstances, and if the persons so arrested cannot give a good reason for being out, the magistrates may commit them to prison for a period not exceeding six months. The Lord Lieutenant may, by warrant, close public houses after sunset. The justices may call before them strangers found in the district under suspicious circumstances, and if they cannot give an account of their business, may require them to find sureties to keep the peace. All over Ireland restrictions will be placed upon the sale of gunpowder and arms power will be given to arrest witnesses who have absconded, or are about to abscond and grand juries will be authorised to give compensation, to be levied on such part of the county as they please, to any one who has been the subject of violence, or to the family or representatives of a person who has been murdered. There are other stringent provisions, The most important of which authorises the Lord Lieutenant's suppress seditious newspapers, with this safeguard, that any aggrieved person may bring an action against the Crown, and recover damages if the treason- able character of the publication cannot be legally proved. After a debate of two nights, this bill passed the second reading on Tuesday last by a majority of 412-the numbers being 425 against 13 and last evening it went into committee. The Irish " national" papers are desperate. "Wedesire,"says the Nation, to be very explicit in dealing with this brutal throat. We tell the Ministers that we defy and de- seize it. The world must see that we scorn and spit upon a tyranny so infamous." The Irishman complains that "the Irish members, by their inaction and passive consent, have betrayed their country." While on this topic let me note the return of Mr. Heron to Parliament as member for Tipperary in place of O'Donovan Rossa, the Fenian elected while still undergoing sentence of imprisonment. Mr. Heron is a Constitutional Liberal, and his election was hotly contested by Mr. Bickham, an avowed Fenian. There was much rioting, and at the close of the poll the numbers stood for Heron EGGS, and forKickham 1,601, giving the successful candidate but a majority of four. Mr. Bernal Osborne, whose temporary exclusion from the House was a matter of general regret, for his lively speeches had become a part of the commonwealth, has at last again found admission by way of Waterford ; but there also there was a severe contest, in which the mob obtained possession of the town and wrought their will almost unchecked. It is noticeable, as regards Tipperary, that some 10,000 electors never went to the poll, a fact which shows how strong is the terrorism prevailing. Let me add here that, under happier English auspices, Sir John Lubbock whose scientific attainments will be known to your readers has been returned to fill the vacant seat for Maidstone. THE BALLOT. Mr. Osborne made free use of his experience in the debate which was raised by Mr, Leatham last [week, on a proposal to introduce the ballot into municipal and Parliamentary elections. This discussion stands adjourned, and seems to have been only serviceable as eliciting from the Marquis of Hartington the fact that the Government were unwilling to place themselves in a false position by dividing against the second reading. But as the report of the select committee appointed to consider this subject was not then in the hands of members, it was objected that the motion of Mr. Leatham was premature and embarrass- ing. This report has since been made public, and affirming that bribery exists in many boroughs, though not in counties, where in- stimulation is more employed, recommends the adoption of the ballot as the best means of purifying the electoral body. This recommendation was carried by nine Liberals against eight Conservatives. The suggestion that public nominations should be abolished was lost by six to five, this result having been obtained by Sir George Grey voting with the Conservatives. ARMY AND NAVY REFORMS. The retrenchments which have been persistently carried out by Mr. Childers at the Admiralty, and by Mr. Cardwell at the War Office, are beginning to bear their fruit. The Estimates show a reduction for the navy of three-quarters of a million, and on the army of rather more than a million. Yet Mr. Childers boasts that nothing has been sacrificed which was necessary to efficiency, and that we have now the strongest navy in the world. The army is to be reduced by 12,000 men, and we shall keep 113,000 under arms instead of 125,000. A great reform, characteristic of the new life which is being put into our old institutions, has been introduced into the system of recruiting. In future, any recruit who can prove that he has been entrapped into the army, is released from his obligations, and the expenses are charged to the recruiter, while a recruit enlisted when drunk can be immediately released, and the recruiting officer reported for punishment. Mr. Card- well had proposed to abolish the grades of cornet and ensign, but has surrendered on this point to the protests of the military men. Mr. Childers has arranged a scheme under which officers who are above certain ages, or who have not been afloat for 10 years, must retire on increased allowances. It is proposed that all admirals of the fleet shall retire at the age of 70, all admirals and vice-admiral at 55, all rear-admiral at GO, all captains at 55, all commanders at 50, all lieutenants at 45 and similar ages are established for the retirement of navigating and civilian officers. The conclusion drawn by Mr. Childers is that, after a few years, the officers of the navy of all ranks will be reduced from 3,156 to 2.336, and that the saving to the country will be about ..300,000, though the half-pay will be far more liberal than hitherto. This plan has been closely criticised, and it is objected that the - 10 years' rule would have excluded some of the most able men in the service-men, too, who have done substantial work for the country at the Admiralty or in other home departments. The House went to a division, but Mr. Childers stood firm, and carried the day by 161 to 135. THE MONTPENSIER DUEL. The most startling event on the Continent has been a duel in the neighbourhood of Madrid between the Due de Montpensier and Don Enrique de Bourbon, brother of the King Consort of Spain, in which the latter fell mortally wounded. Prince Henry had held the rank of an admiral in the Spanish fleet, and bore the titles of Duke of Seville and Infante of Spain ; but owing to a private quarrel with the reigning family, had been exiled a few months before the downfall of Queen Isabella. Since the revolution he had put himself forward as an ardent Republican, though he was suspected of secretly intriguing for the throne. The candidature of the Due de Montpensier, who has recently appeared in Madrid, and whose movements have been a constant subject of speculation, was especially offensive to him and not content with repeated insults, he published a letter on the 10th inst., in which he hurled every contemptuous epithet at his cousin declaring him to be a "political buffoon," " despised by every man of worth in Spain, a hypocritical Jesuit suborned," and much more as bad or worse. The Duke at first took no notice, but chafed by the comments of society, presently sent a challenge. Prince Henry is said to have insisted on " a duel to the death." And certainly the mode of combat was but a " civilised" arrangement for murder. The two met at Abercorn, just outside Madrid, on the 12th inst., with pistols. The first shot was fired at the distance of 10 yards, but neither of them was hurt; the second at nine yards, but also without effect and the third, at eight yards-when Don Henry fired and missed, and the duke, - returning his shot sent a bullet through the forehead of his cousin, who dropped dead on the spot. The duke is said by his friends to have been too short-sighted to take aim. He behaved with coolness, but was much affected at the result, and had to be twice bled, in Spanish fashion, before he could recover his self possession, The Duc de Montpensier had previously disclaimed all intention of aspiring to the throne, and declared himself " content to be a Spanish citizen and soldier, a friend of the country in which he has lived for one and twenty years, and in which his wife and children were born." General Prim also has repudiated his candidature in the Cortes. But this last event is thought rather to have increased his chances-which would appear incredible, were not Spain the country of bull fights, and this dogged courage a quality in high appreciation. General Prim himself has been using strong language. A stone was thrown at him in the streets as he was returning from a volunteer review, by some one in a crowd assembled to protest against the conscription and he declared vehemently that he would have killed the man on the spot had he seen him, and should certainly strike down any other such offender. To such heights of dignity can a Prime Minister rise, when the interests of public order are concerned ! Meanwhile, affairs are more than ever confused. Admiral Top to has retired from the Government, and there is an open breach between the Radicals and the Liberal Union party. THE TRIAL OF PRINCE PIERRE BONAPARTE. The High Court of Justice has assembled at Tours for the trial of Prince Pierre Bonaparte Its list of grand jurors counts 87 names, from amongst whom the actual panel of 36 has been chosen. The department of the Seine does not contribute a member, not possessing a consul-general, from whose ranks, in each department, these representatives are taken. Mayors and lawyers appear to constitute the majority of the jury, which includes also some court officials. The trial commenced on Monday last, and has been sufficiently varied and vivacious, though not exciting that deep national interest which at one time seemed to threaten danger. The acts accusation, or indictment, refers to some points of evidence which were not known when all Paris was convulsed with the tragedy. It reproduces the statement of M. doFonvielle, and also that of the Prince, but adds the testimony of three witnesses who affirm that M. de Fonvielle said in their hearing that Victor Noir had struck, or was about to strike, the Prince and a similar assertion is made by the police of the station where M. de Fonviello first gave information. But such provocation not justify- ing the crime, the Prince is accused of wilful homicide against Victor Noir, and of attempted homicide on M. de Fonviello. In accordance with French custom, the prisoner was first interrogated. He is described as a tall stout man, waxen gale, with heavy eyes, cheeks close shaven, and long close heard." He gave the same account of the transaction as on his first arrest. M. de Fonviello was next questioned, and was not sparing in his allusions to the prisoner. He explained that " he did not think he was going to visit an assassin." The Bonapartes are no assassins," interjected Prince Pierre; " you know well that the assassins are always against them." Pressed for the reason why he carried arms, M. Fonvielle replied, " I would never have gone to Auteuil without arms. It was impossible to forget that I was about to visit the relative of a prince who caused a man to be beaten by his servants." Other like escapades there were which did not add to the dignity of the scene. M. Grousset, whose challenge it was that Victor Noir had carried, was afterwards examined, and answered so defiantly that at the termination of his evidence he was conducted back to prison for gross contempt of court. When asked according to French form, if he was related to the accused, he replied, "The Princess Letitia had so many lovers that I dare not say whether I am a relative of his or not." Similar incidents marked the conduct of the second day's proceedings, Prince Pierre more than once interposing remarks which irritated the witnesses. The chief interest attached to the evidence of M. Paul de Cos signed, the most famous duellist of Paris, and the most ardent champion of the Empire -racketeer of the Pays, as he describes him- self-who admits that he lent the aid of his pen to Prince Pierre in composing the letters to M. Rochefort and deposed that when he visited the Prince two hours after the fatal event he saw the marks of a blow upon his cheek, Much stress was laid upon this fact in the subsequent examinations, but it was contradicted by other witnesses and soon there was such a chaos of evidence that it seemed impossible to extricate the truth, Dr. Pinel, for example, and another person, deposed that the marks of the blow were behind the ear, whereas M. Paul de Cassagnac said they were before and finally the Prince, on being questioned, said he was not struck behind the ear. On Wednesday, M. Henri Rochefort was examined, and his appearance produced a great sensation. He was brought up under custody from Paris, and though he gave his evidence with calmness, yet both his language and demeanour were insulting towards the prisoner. After relating the circumstances which led to the challenge from the Prince, be stated that M. Emmanuel Arago told him to take precautions, as His Highness was " an infamous scoundrel." Upon being inter rupted by thépresident,M. Rochefort said that he did not know the Prince ; he was merely repeating the words of M. Arago. Several witnesses were examined with regard to the blow said to have been given to the accused by Victor Noir. More than one deposed that they had Heard M. de Fonviello declare that a blow had been struck ; but M. do Fonviello positively denied having used the words attributed to him. Among the other witnesses examined was the mother of Victor Noir, who stated that the deceased were very tight-fitting gloves' and that as they were found upon ! him after death, he could not have struck I the Prince. Madame Noir was much affected, and great sympathy was shown for her in court. The examination of witnesses was con ' tinued yesterday, and it is not improbable that the case will be brought to a close this evening. The scene in the court was of the I stormiest kind, and for a time it was neces sary to suspend the sitting. t CONSTITUTIONAL REFORMS. The Emperor Napoleon has chosen the week of this trial to complete the constitutional reforms he lately began. The air has J been thick with rumours of dissension between the Emperor and his Ministers, and of intrigues with high senators, all of which have been dissipated by the publication of a letter addressed to M. Emile Ollivier. In ; this remarkable document, the Emperor says that the time has come when the French , Senate should be brought into harmony with the new order of ideas, and he, therefore, proposes, hy asonatus consul turn, to divide the legislative power between the two Chambers, and restore to the nation that portion of constituent power it had delegated to me. These are memorable words, the most distinct abdication of Imperial power he has yet uttered. I THE INFALLIBILitY DOGMA, The French Government has followed the example of the Austrian in protesting against the assumptions of the Pope and the (Ken medical Council. Count Daru has intimated that in case of the promulgation of the syllabus or any extreme dogma infringing on Gallivan and civil liberties, the Ministry may be under the necessity of withdrawing the French troops from the Pontifical States. He has also proposed that the French ambassador should be present at the council when these questions are brought forward, M. de Bonneville has returned from Rome to Paris to deliberate, and receive the final instructions of his Government at this crisis. But the Pope does not hesitate ; he seems the more resolute and impatient, and is actively intriguing to silence the more independent bishops. An article relating to infallibility has been already distributed. It affirms that the Roman Pontiff cannot err when, acting in his qualities of supreme teacher of all Christians, he defines what the universal church must hold in matters of faith and morals, and that the prerogative of inerrancy and infallibility extends over the same matters to which the infallibility of the church is applicable. But if anyone should dare-which may God forbid to controvert this present definition, let him know that he departs from the truth of the faith." DISASTERS AT SEA. The collision between the United States corvette Oneida, and the steamer Bombay, of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, a full account of which will probably reach you from other sources, has been made the subject of much comment in this country and in America has provoked much indignation. From an official report we learn that the collision occurred on the 24th of January, about 20 miles from Yokohama, when it was quite dark. " The Bombay ported her helm, shutting in the Oneida's green lights. The Oneida starboarded her helm, crossing the Bombay's bows, rendering a collision unavoidable. The Bombay felt the shock so little that Captain Eyre did not think the Oneida could have been much damaged, and continued his voy- ago on to Yokohama." But the reports which reached San Francisco represented him as disregarding the signals of distress, and leaving the Oneida to its fate. Five guns were fired, but before the sixth could be discharged, the vessel sank within 10 minutes after she was struck. Two of her boats with 61 men escaped, but the rest perished, officers, sailors, and marines, about 120 souls. It seemed incredible that any English seaman could wilfully refuse to render help in such a peril. On his arrival at Japan, the captain did not even report any accident, but professed himself surprised the next day when he heard of the calamity, as were the passengers of the Bombay when they discovered its extent. He immediately demanded a court of inquiry and we were subsequently informed by telegram that this Court had suspended his certificate for months, holding him free from blame for the collision, but condemning him in that he did not wait to render assistance. This decision has not given satisfaction, for, it is argued, if he was really ignorant of the accident, why suspend him at oil ? but if with full knowledge of the collision, he neglected the ordinary precaution of inquiring whether or not any damage was done, surely a more terrible responsibility rests upon him, greater than any sentence of suspension can meet. It is not so much a question whether he heard the guns and the cries, as whether he attempted to ascertain the effect of the shock. We have this week received the Japan papers, which contain the statement of Captain Eyre as made before Court ; but public opinion expects and will require, a fuller investigation, Our latest advices from America bring extracts from a private letter of the surgeon of the Oneida, the only officer of that vessel who was saved out of the twelve who were dining at the time of the accident. He says it seemed to him as if "the whole side of the ship was coming bodily in on the dinner table." The Bombay was hailed and asked to stop, but she appeared to steam away as fast as she could. So great was the damage done that the writer came to the conclusion that the vessel would sink in a couple of minutes. Very shortly afterwards she went down. In an article on the collision, written after publishing this narrative, the New York Times expresses itself in very strong terms against the captain of the Bombay. " We have a right," it says, " to demand justice against this man. That he can ever again be put in command of a ship seems impossible but a severer punishment than this must be his portion. If he is allowed to escape, farewell to all good feeling between the naval services of America and England." A fatal collision has occurred off our own shores, about 30 miles from the Needles. The mail steamship Normandy, on her voyage from Southampton to the Channel Islands, was run down, one night last week, by the screw steamer Mary, laden with corn, and / bound from the Danube for London. A thick fog prevailed at the time. Captain Harvey immediately gave orders to lower the boats, for it was evident the ship was sinking, but two only were available, the lifeboat having been smashed in the collision. The Mary also was greatly damaged, but immediately sent out her boats to the rescue. It was not long before a loud cry was heard from many voices, and the Normandy went down. The captain was last seen on the bridge, giving orders with the greatest coolness, and the passengers appear all to have acquitted themselves with courage and fortitude. It has not been possible to ascertain the exact number of lives lost, but it is believed that 30 persons must have perished. The greatest anxiety is felt as to the fate of the City of Boston, a noble steamer of the Inman line, which left Halifax, Nova Scotia, on the 28th of January, and has long been due at Liverpool. The cabin passengers numbered 55, the steerage passengers 52, and the crew 84, She carried 58 days provisions, and a large quantity of American provisions of different kinds. Speculation has taken different forms, and every kind of rumour has been current. She is supposed to have been disabled, and to be cruising under sail against the strong easterly winds, or to have steered for the Western Isles and so much confidence has been reposed in her powers of endurance, that hope has held out even to the present. The Inman Company have despatched a powerful tug in search of her; and the Channel fleet also have been instructed to keep a look out, and to lend relief at the same time to other vessels that may be in distress. More than one large steamer has been seen beating about in the Atlantic, and there are numerous ships detained off the Irish coast, by the head winds from the east, which have blown with unusual strength for a protracted season. It is said that as many as 500 vessels were at one time held back in these seas, some of which were short of provisions ; but the shifting winds of the present week have brought some relief. The regularity of these large American steamers is proverbial, and hence the greater uneasiness when one is delayed. It is now 30 years since the President was lost, and only two instances are recorded of later date in which ships of this class have gone from port and never again been heard of-the City of Glasgow in 1854, and the Pacific in 1850. The City of Boston has now been out from Halifax 55 days. 2 The Samaria, of the Canard line, whose arrival at New York should have been telegraphed some 12 days before sent back one of her boats into Queenstown, at the beginning of this week. She was then some 40 miles to the westward of Cape Clear, with both her shafts broken, and had fought her way back almost from mid ocean, under sail, but with unfavourable winds. Tugs were sent out to her relief, and she has been brought safely in but some of her passengers have made a statement strongly complaining of one of the Guion steamers which, they say, took no notice of their signals of distress. Judgment, however, must be suspended till we hear what the captain of the Manhattan has to say for himself. THE MORDAUNT CASE. The verdict in the Mordaunt case, although foreseen, has been on all sides regarded as a sorry ending to a judicial proceeding. The counsel on both sides is agreed that the issue to be put to the jury should be, " was Lady Mordaunt fit and able to instruct her attorney on the 30th of April, and has she since become unfit, and when?" The jury, after very brief deliberation, found that Lady Mordaunt was totally unfit to answer the petition at that time, and that she has ever since been in the same condition. No one disputes that this conclusion is in conformity with the evidence, but it leaves all the graver charges unsettled. The reputation of many persons is involved, and all this loathsome scandal has been poured forth to no purpose but to give publicity to rumours and suspicions. It is felt that a serious mistake has been made in the conduct of the case. An order has now been made in chambers by the Judge Ordinary, the effect of which will be that the question of Sir Charles Mordaunt's right to proceed, notwithstanding Lady Mordaunt's insanity, will be argued and settled. Then must come over again all that we have already heard. Surely it was possible to have ascertained the legal bearing of this principle first. It involves large general issues. It is asked, for instance, whether by the same rule an insane debtor could escape proceedings for his debt? The Prince of Wales is understood to have taken counsel with the Lord Chancellor before he presented himself in the witness box. Great satisfaction has been expressed at the manner in which he cleared himself from all imputations. The Queen sent for His Royal Highness and the Princess at once, to receive her congratulations. Once that week the Prince was saluted at the theatre with pointed questions, and loud hisses and at a volunteer dinner, there were unwonted cries of no no," when his health was proposed ; but after his appearance public feeling changed, and at the theatre on a subsequent night he was warmly cheered. The same week, also, His Royal Highness held a levée, taking conspicuous duty in the place of Her Majesty. RECENT DEATHS. Amongst the deaths of the month must be mentioned the Count de Montalembert, the brilliant leader of liberal Catholicism ; Mr. Henry Berkeley, the veteran member for Bristol; and the long-tried friend of the ballot, Sir James Vallentin ; one of the bishops of London, the bishop of Barbadoes, the Earl of Roden, the Marquis of Ailsa, Admiral Sir H. J. Locke ; Mr. J. W. S. Wyllie, of Indian note, and M.P. for Hereford and Cardinal de Ronald, Archbishop of Lyons, and virtual primate of France. AUSTRALASIAN TOPICS. NEW ZEALAND'S LAST APPEAL. The small but gallant band of English statesmen which have stood faithful to our national obligations towards the colonial do" pendencies of the empire have made another, and probably a final appeal on behalf of New Zealand. The mediation, however, has been as ineffectual as all former attempts to procure a relaxation of the rigorous resolves of Government. It is at length perfectly clear that a policy of colonial detachment has been deliberately. and definitely adopted, and that no considerations whatever will induce the present Ministry to swerve from it. A stronger case for Imperial succour and temporary help than that presented by New Zealand could scarcely occur, and if the numerous and urgent applications for aid from this quarter have been peremptorily and persistently refused, we may be sure that no other colony need apply for support, in men or money, from Downing-street. The decision of our rulers, present and to some, may be regarded as absolute and final and the sooner the self-governing colonies of the empire, dis- missing all illusions and fond regrets, adapt themselves to the new state of things, the better will it be for all concerned. This new policy by no means implies severance or dislocation, but merely a fresh arrangement of our mutual relations, on the basis of an alliance of equality in the place of a position of political dependence. The idea of casting off Our colonies as burdensome incumbrances is entertained only by a very small cluster of extreme men in this country, whose mercenary utterances find few echoes in the large warm heart of Old England. The subject of New Zealand was very fully discussed in the House of Lords on the 7th of March. The debate was originated by Lord Carnarvon, who strove to impress upon the Government the necessity of delaying the withdrawal of the 18th Regiment until the colony had adequately organised its military resources, and as a discouragement to Maori disaffection. His lordship said that the colony would willingly defray the cost of the troops, and agree that the Imperial Government should exercise full control over their movements. Their presence was desired more for the prestige they imparted than for any active services they would be required to render. The Earl went extensively into the whole question; he maintained that the home Government was responsible for much of the difficulty which existed in the colony, and that it was unworthy of us that England should coldly stand by and do nothing when New Zealand was threatened with danger and disaster; and he animadverted with some severity upon the despatches of Lord Granville, wishing they had contained less logic and more sympathy. The Colonial Secretary, after indulging in a good deal of badinage and "chaff at the expense of the Earl of Carnarvon and the new Conservative leader, met the request of the colonists with an emphatic negative. Lord Granville remarked that he had only continued a policy which had been initiated by his predecessors at the Colonial Office, and he did not think the circumstances of New Zealand justified a reversal of that deliberately adopted course. He thought it would be cruel kindness to the colonists to furnish them now with any pretext for relaxing their own successful policy, and plunging anew into the embarrassments of the past. The home Government, he intimated, are willing to allow some of the young officers and the steadiest of the troops to remain behind, and transfer their services to the colonial Administration as the nucleus of a new defen- sive force ; but they will be the servants of the New Zealand authorities, paid and controlled by them. The local Government will thus be free to pursue their own course un- trammelled. By way of encouragement, Her Majesty had conferred honours upon Colonel Whitmore and Mr. McLean for their invaluable services. Arrangements have also been made for granting similar honours to the chiefs of friendly natives and the Admiralty had received orders to make the most striking naval demonstration possible at the withdrawal of the troops. In the course of his speech, Lord Granville made a passing allusion to some recent remarks made by your ex-Attorney-General during the debate on those wonderful propositions which amused us so much over here, and which are worth quoting. He had lately been reading a debate in the Legislature of Melbourne, where a Mr. Higinbotham had amused himself with draw- ing sketches of prominent members of their Lordships' House, very much resembling in character those caricatures which their lord- ships had seen at home in "Vanity Fair." (Great laughter.) Mr. Higinbotham said and their lordships would see how gross the caricature was-that the noble earl (Car- narvon) when he entered the House of Lords had the reputation of having an old head upon young shoulders ; but that after 20 years' experience the shoulders had grown old, but the head had turned into the head of a boy. (Laughter.) HE their lordships objected to that description, he was afraid that Mr Higinbotham might, in reply, ask whether there was not something of the charming self-confidence of youth in the noble earl, after his long epistolary wrangle with the colonial Governor and Government, absolutely coming forward in the recess and lecturing him, through the columns of The Times, on the amenities of polite letter writing. The Colonial Secretary, so jocose and funny, was followed by the grave and severe Earl Grey, who said he had missed from the noble Lord's speech what above all things he had most desired to hear, namely, some reason for disbelieving that the very serious results which had been predicted of his policy were likely to occur. He (Lord Grey) footed that the danger was of a very serious nature for the noble Earl's policy left untouched all the causes which had led to the late war, and he saw no reason why causes should not again produce the same results, He feared that if something was not done, the settlers would in time begin to act like those in America had done, and would shoot down the natives like wolves. It would, however, be a most piti- able thing to see the extermination of the Maori tribes, for they were a very different race from the natives of Australia. In fact, some years ago there was actually a greater proportion of those that could read than there was amongst the working classes in this corns try. He hoped that Parliament would take the management of the colony out of the domain of responsible, or rather of party, government, which was wholly unsuited to it. Lord Lyttelton believed the noble earl was one of a very small minority, if he thought that the granting of the New Zealand constitution was wrong, or ought to be recalled. He could not for one moment think that Lord Granville had been guilty of any dis- courtesy. Such a thing was quite foreign to the noble earl's nature ; but everybody know that the parte de velours might conceal the sharpest of claws (Laughter.) Theiioblolord insisted that the home Government was responsible for the present state of the colony. He had recent information which satisfied him of the impossibility of raising more money by taxation. Under these circumstances, he strongly urged the necessity of granting it a guarantee He approved of the retaliatory measures which the noble earl had described ; but he had just received a telegram which led him to believe that the withdrawal of the troops would not be so successful in operation as the noble earl thought, The motion for papers on the subject, made by Lord Carnarvon, was agreed to. The press, as a whole, cordially endorses the let-alone policy, and lords Earl Gran- ville with its eulogies, A few dissentient voices are heard, but they are overborne by the loud chorus of approval. Without multiplying extracts from our leading organs in illustration of my remark, I will merely quote from the Economist a passage which fairly and forcibly expounds the views held by a large majority of Liberals. " The essence of our whole policy is to place the colonies completely face to face with their own difficulties, and they are not left face to face so long as they are backed by Imperial troops. It does not need the consideration which Lord Granville pointed out, that in the event of some defeat of the colonial troops, the garrison would in honour be bound to support them, to show that by committing ourselves in any degree in New Zealand, we lose the whole fruits of abandoning the control of the New Zealand affairs. As Mr. Lowe puts it, by giving the use of an army to a colony we place a thunderbolt in the hands of a child and the thunderbolt is wielded all the same whatever may be the magnitude of the actual force entrusted to it. Then as to guarantees, the case is very simple We not only weaken our own securities by them in apparently infinitesimal measure, though if the practice were once admitted we are not so sure that the measure would be infinitesimal - but we certainly do the colonies an immensity of mischief. Lord Granville said, very properly, that neither colonies nor young men gained anything by great facilities in borrowing. No man will spend money wisely that is very easily come by. In short, the more it is looked at, the wisdom of laying the full responsibility on the colonies for their own sakes becomes apparent. But from our own view we must also consider whether we do not commit ourselves to policies which we could not approve of by freely backing the bills of our dependencies, and whether grave mischief in the end would not thereby result to ourselves. "For these reasons we give our cordial support to the policy of the Government, which is, moreover, the only one in the field. The Conservative party certainly would refrain from backing Lord Carnarvon, and the other critics of Lord Granville especially Earl Grey, had only obsolete alternatives to suggest Earl Grey frankly declared that if the colonies would not accept English control they were not entitled to assistance and it is a foregone conclusion that they will not bear our control. We may accept it as settle J, then, that the idea of grants to any colony for the management of its affairs is definitely given up that the extreme rule will be carried out in the extreme case of New Zealand with the practical assent of all parties in the state. Lord Granville runs a little risk Of obloquy in case of a colonial mishap coinci- dent with the final carrying out of the rule. but no reason can be assigned for postponing the order. The past delay has been very much too great." THE PROPOSED CONFERENCE. If any doubt existed as to the collapse of the proposed colonial congress in London, it can exist no longer. The project, which looked so strong and lively six months ago, is dead, and some of our journals have been pronouncing funeral orations over its grave. The gentlemen who, at a critical juncture in New Zealand history, undertook to interpret and express what they believed to be the general sentiments of the colonists regarding the modern policy of the Colonial Office, have been very unhandsomely treated. Chaffed by Earl Granville, lectured by the British presses disavowed by the colonial Governments, and sneered at by jealous compatriots, they have had a very unenviable time of it. Everything and everybody seem to have gone against them. Replies from several of the colonial Governments appealed to by the committee represented by Messrs. Youl, Sewell, and Blaine had already been published, disap- proving the proposed conference and last week The Times gave publicity to a further batch of correspondence, in the same strain, from New Zealand and Queensland. The authorities of those two colonies express themselves as perfectly content with existing relations, compliment Earl Granville on the courtesy and patriotism of his circular, and administer a cruel snub to the " busybodies" who so impertinently ventured to interfere in their affairs. The lesson will probably not be lost upon colonials at home." and on some future occasion, when difficulties arise, and the sympathy and co- operation of these gentlemen are invoked, they may not un- wisely remember the counsel so insultingly tendered to them-to mind their own business. STATE-AIDED EMIGRATION. The oracle has spoken. The Government, after a protracted season of hope- fostering reticence, has given its deliverance, and all suspense is at an end. A debate, initiated by Mr. Robert Torrens, of Cambridge, the subject of state support to emigration, issued in the peremptory rejection of the proposal by a majority of 105, which may be taken as a final quietus to this pleasant dream of philanthropic statesmanship. The agitation may not all at once give up the ghost e, the cry for help may not die away into sudden silence ; public demonstrations will not immediately cease ; but all vitality is gone out of the movement, and, unless a change of Ministry should occur, those who have so nobly championed the claims of the unemployed will soon yield to the discourage- ment of those who find themselves vainly beating the air. The fact is, rightly or wrongly, nearly all our politicians and consist- are opposed to all projects of state aid to colonisation. The Conservative papers have been trading upon the question for some time past Great sympathy has been professed for the distressed operatives : the assistance of Government to facilitate the transference of the destitute and suffering to more promis- ing fields of labour has been clamorously demanded and on declining to undertake this mighty task, the conduct of the Ministry has. been stigmatised as churlish, callous, and heartless. Yet it is evident that the Tory party does not follow the lead of its journalistic organs for on the occasion of the late division, only one Conservative out of nine voted for Mr. Torrens's proposal. The remainder of the party, eight-ninths of them, stayed away from one motive or another. So upon neither political party in the state can the unemployed reckon for organised help in their trouble. The terms of Mr. Torrens's resolution were -"That in order to arrest the increase of pauperism, and to relieve the distressed condition of the working classes, it is expedient that measures be adopted for facilitating the emigration of poor families to British colonies." He expressed himself as being in favour of authorising poor-law guardians to borrow sums on the security of the rates, which they should expend in providing means for emigration, repaying themselves in a limited period out of the rates they would thereby save. He also suggested paying £1,000,000 out of the consolidated fund, which, he thought, aided by local help from the sums borrowed on the rates to the extent of another £1,000,000, would defray the cost of the emigration of 50,000 families. Mr East wick, in seconding the motion, pointed out that the colonies afforded an ample field for the surplus population of this country and replying to the argument that if emigration were on couraged by the state it would draw off the élite of the working classes, contended that all experience proved that emigration was not a matter of preference, but of necessity. In his judgment, there ought to be a permanent department of emigration, constituted by the emigration commissioners, and associated with the Poor-law Board, with an assistant secretary at its head, and supplied with funds by the nation. The principle of Government aid, he roroindod the House, had been conceded in the Irish Land Bill and why not make advances to English settlers in the colonies upon the security of their lands? That system had already been tried in Canada, and worked well, the Government annually recovering large sums of money on this account. It had also been tried to a certain extent at the Cape and in the Australias, with good results. Such advances should be made only to families, for it was the emigration of families alone that would insure any tangible benefit to the country. Mr. Monsell, who spoke for the Government, gave a strenuous opposition to the motion, which he characterised as the resuscitation of a project killed off 21 years ago. The first result of a system of state emigra- tion must be to check the tide of natural and voluntary emigration, which had conferred such enormous benefits on the colonies. It would discourage, too, such a process of relief as the Irish exodus. Would the colonies consent to receive the classes whom it was proposed to send out ; or, rather, should we not soon have a pauper question with them, as we had formerly a convict question ? The colonists had ample means disposable for bringing ovoromigrantswhenoverthoywantod them, and they would only bring over just the classes they needed. The motion was supported by Lord G. Hamilton as a means of binding more closely togothcrtho colonies and the mother country; by Mr. S. Aytoun as affording an extension of the markets for our manufactures by Mr. Macao as tending to the consolidation of the British empire by Mr. M'Cullagh Torrens, who contended that there was no intention of sending out paupers, but skilled and unskilled surplus labourers, The proposal was opposed by Mr. Molly, who thought the present distress temporary only by Mr. Muntz, Mr. A. Pool, Mr. Brassey, and Sir C. Dilke In conclusion of the debate, Mr. Gladstone remarked on the vague language of the resolution and the dis- cordant interpretation put on it by its supporters. To so indefinite a proposal, shirking every attempt at a practical solution, it would not be for the dignity of the House to commit itself. Describing his objections to a system of state emigration, Mr. Gladstone maintained that if Parliament did by chance entertained, it would soonretracoitsstOps. Such a scheme would paralyse the natural operations by which the labour market was relieved, and would stop the supply of voluntary aid for emigration. Replying to the complaint that the Government would do nothing, to pointed out that though they would not lay down any great scheme, Mr. Childers had recently offered the use of the transports going to Canada for emigration purposes. Lord Granville had been inquiring from the colonial authorities whether they were willing to undertake the repayment of advances to emigrants, and Mr. Goschen had been in communication with the colonial agents here, to say nothing of the operations of the emigra- tion commissioners. Moreover, they weroroady to entertain any practical proposal likely to be beneficial. But nothing like a wholes sale scheme of emigration had over yet been found practicable even in times of more severe distress, such as the Irish famine and the Lancashire famine, though the subject had exercised the minds of most experience statesmen. The reason for this was that I was full of practical difficulties, on which h dilated at some length, and among which h mentioned the difficulty of selecting the emigrants, the aversion of the working-classes a a rule to emigrate, the injustice of imposing a heavy charge in the spoor of this country for assisting those who were not paupers, the impossibility of limiting the emigration to the British colonies, and the possible objection of foreign powers if we did not. One good effect of the discussion of the subject in the House of Commons, and the explicit declaration of the Government, was he to stimulate private efforts and strengths the benevolent and self-helping organisation which are grappling with the evil. The corr in it tie of the British and Colonial Emigration Society at once made a stronger appeal to the wealthy and the generous for their prompt aid. Three troop ships are to be employed i transporting to Canada some of the discharge labourers at Woolwich, Deptford, Chatham and other Government towns, provided the victualling expenses 45s. per head ar forthcoming. A crowded meeting was held at Westminster on the 10th instant, under the presidency of the Earl of Shaftesbury, when it was resolved to establish an Emigration Club to that district into which working men will pay a stated sum weekly, until the amount will suffice for their transplantation to -the colonies. The resolution was moved by Lord Alfred Churchill, and seconded by Mr. W. Smith, the former of whom expressed his opposition to state-aided emigration as impolitic and unjust The National Emigration League are reluctant to relinquish all hopes of Government co-operation in their work. At a special meeting of the Executive and General Council on the 3rd last, report were presented of the large and enthusiast! meetings attended in the provinces by the deputations, at which the programme of the league had been endorsed, After the result of the debate in Parliament on the previous evening had been described by Mr. Torrens a resolution was passed pledging the league to continue the agitation for state supervision and succour and it was agreed that on an early day a great demonstration in further ance or this object shall be made in the metropolis. The last New York papers mention that a a meeting just held of the Commissioners of Emigration a letter was read from the Assistant Secretary of State intimating that info mation had been received that the Bridal Government were making preparations to ship a large number of British paupers to the United States in emigrant ships. The general agent of the commission was instructed to ask for further information, and to correspond with the American Minister and the American Consul in London, guarding then against such a movement. The paper on Emigration, read last month by Mr. Edward Wilson, at a conference or the subject at the Society of Arts, has been printed as a pamphlet and circulated widely among our legislators and other mila ential classes. Finding by statistical re turns that the balance between the births and deaths in the United Kingdom amounts annually to about 400,000, which vast number presses upon an over-crowded labour market, Mr. Wilson propounds a plan by which this redundant population may be transferred to the British colonies to their enrichment, and to our unspeakable relief. The cost of this great undertaking is estimated at £5,000,000, which, it is suggested, might be jointly borne by the Imperial Government, by the colonies benefited, and by the emigrants themselves, Great Britain to supply the ships, the colonies to furnish the diet for the voyage, and the emigrants to find their own outfit. These are the three main branches of expenditure. The project is developed with great clearness, and the advantages are depicted with a hearty earnestness, that show the deep hold which the subject has obtained upon the mind of the author. Systematic emigration on a grand scale will have to be resorted to in the future, but it is to be feared that our present race of states- men are not the men for the work. Schemes like that propounded by Mr. Wilson will serve, however, to prepare the public mind for the change which is inevitable. In answer to inquiries by Sir J. Lawrence, in the House of Commons, relative to free emigrants to Western Australia, Mr. Monsell said, during the present year no emigrants would be sent except convicts' families, unless Government had conclusive evidence that free emigrants were wanted, and would be permanently employed. The despatch which had recently been received furnished no such evidence, and until they received further despatches he would not be able to give an opinion. There would be no objection to lay all despatches received on the table. The Vanes of India says that Colonel Crawford's scheme for establishing a colony of retired Indian officers in Tasmania has not been prominently before the public of late. Yet it has not been allowed to drop, nor has it ever been otherwise than evident that success would sooner or later attend the benevolent efforts of the founder of the settlement. Many unforeseen difficulties have had to be overcome, and vexatious delays have arisen when least expected ; but now the colony may be considered as actually formed, and as having a most encouraging prospect before it. Twenty-six members at present form the " Castra" colony ; 0,720 acres have been taken up by them, and clearing will have been commenced in good earnest before now. Moreover, Colonel Crawford's agents in Bombay have received the adhesion of others of whom he knew not when he last wrote, so that the strength and dimensions of the settlement are greater than stated by him. Major Frederick Mould, R.E and a number of non-commissioned officers and sappers of the Corps of Royal Engineers, are to receive war medals for services performed by them in New Zealand. The men of the Army Service Corps at Woolwich, to the number of about 150, have been presented with medals for services in the New Zealand war. The Bishopric of Wellington, New Zealand, is about to become vacant by the resignation of Dr. C. J. Abraham, who is at present in England. The right rev. prelate will become a suffragan to the Bishop of Lichfield, and will take charge of that portion of the diocese which is known as the Black Country. Bishop Selwyn and Bishop Abraham were together at Eton, afterwards together at Cambridge, and afterwards together as bishops in New Zealand, and will now be together as bishops in the diocese of Lichfield. THE ARMY AND THE COLONIES. The army estimates include charges for military purposes in the colonies as follows -. Australian colonies, £23,278, of which sum nearly £10,000 is for Western Australia. British North America, £220,293 ; Bermuda' £187,134; South Africa, £132,370; West Africa, £34,754 ; West Indies, £197,696 ; Mauritius, £78,832 ; Ceylon, £160,026 ; Straits Settlements, £78,748; St Helena, £20.030; China, £160,623 ; Gibraltar, £270.005 ; Malta, £329,343. The total is £1,905,538, being £684,000 less than in the financial year 1869-70, now nearly closed. The probable colonial contributions in aid of this military expenditure in the year 1870 71 amount to £309,000. They are as follow Ceylon, £100,000; Straits Settlements, £59,300; Mauritius, £45,000; Hong Kong, £20,000 ; Malta, £6,200 ; West Indies, £4,000; South Africa, £13,500 ; Labuan, £1,000. This statement of Imperial expenditure is exclusive of the cost of arms, accoutrements, barrack, hospital, and other stores, the greater portion of which is supplied from this country. It is also exclusive of any proportion of recruiting expenses, head-quarter administrative expenses, and non- effective charges. AUSTRALIAN MEAT. The first of a series of sales of Australian meat, which are to take place on the first Tuesday in each month, was held at the Hop and Malt Exchange in Southwark Street, on the 1st inst, under the management of Mr. Tallerman, the agent of the Australian Meat Company, who also acted as auctioneer. The quantity of meat submitted was 100 tons, consisting chiefly of mutton, cured in carcase, hind-quarters, hams, and rolls, packed in pure fat, which realised 5d. to 6d. per lb. ; barrels of sheep's tongues, packed in pure fat, realised 8d. per lb.; 1,000 smoked sheep's tongues realised 3s. to 5s, 9d. per dozen, and 300 smoked ox tongues averaged from Is. 1d. to 1s. 2d. each ; i CO cases of mutton, in tins of 7lb. each, fetched 6d. per lb. The attendants of i buyers was on the whole pretty numerous, and the auctioneer expressed himself per 1 fectly satisfied with the experiment I made, a few months ago, some degree- ' , tory remarks regarding the high price at which the preserved Australian meats are needed in this country, as tending to prejudice their extensive use among our people. I , and the following confirmatory remarks in a recent number of the Spectator. The writer says :-" Messrs, Coleman regarding, we suppose, the question of the quality of Australian meat as one of public interest have sent us some of the Australian cooked mutton, of which the present writer has made a most satisfactory lunch. It is certainly excellent to the taste. But it does not seem to us as cheap as it should be to invite any considerable demand. It is, we believe, 8d. a pound, and the tins of it contain a good deal of fat, which is quite waste, and a good many little bits of bone, which add considerably to the weight, so that we doubt very much indeed whether Messrs. Coleman's statement that lib. of this cooked mutton is fully equal to 2lb. of mutton as sold in the butcher's shop ' is strictly true. An experienced judge assures us that this is very far from the case, and, indeed, that she doubts whether, when used in the ordinary fashion, it is substantially cheaper than ordinary English meat. But if it be so, and so far as it is so, it ought to be in good demand, for it is certainly admirable eating." AUSTRALIAN GOLD. The value of the Australian gold imported into the United Kingdom in 1869 amounted to £7,892,757, as compared with £6,989,501 in 1868, and £5,801,207 in 1867. The new year has also opened well, the receipts of Australian gold in January having been £733,305, as compared with £292,259 in January, 1869, and £410,092 in January, 1868 Tbocontinuous opening up of new gold-fields in New Zealand, Queensland, and Tasmania, has contributed, no doubt, to the increase observable in the deliveries during the last 30 months. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, MARCH 25, The leading features of the money market continue to be of a highly satisfactory character. In spite of the operation of the arrangements for revenue payments by the nation so much in advance of the usual period, no inconvenience from scarcity of cash has been experienced. The Bank of England is strong in all its departments, and the " public deposits are nearly four and a half millions in excess of the corresponding date of last year. The Bank of France enjoys equal abundance, and in most of the continental capitals the value of money has a downward tendency. There being thus no foreign demand for gold, our suppliesprovo ample for all mercantile and Stock Exchange requirements, at quotations varying little from the official minimum. Even the heavy settlement on the Stock Exchange last Wednesday week produced scarcely an appreciable effect upon the well-furnished market. There is a good supply of money from the provinces. During the last 10 days English Government stocks have risen in value, and improved in tone. Consols have ranged from 92 to 93 a ; while new and reduced are quoted 91 ex div. ; Indian five per cents., 113 ; four per cents,, 99 ; Exchequer bills, par to 4s. premium and Bank of England stock, 236 to 238 for the "opening." , Public securities in general are still rising. The upward tendency which has manifested itself for several weeks continues as strong as ever, and it is a satisfactory feature that the rise is unaccompanied by any sign of feverish ness or mania. Prices, of course, undergo their ups and downs, from a variety of appreciable causes. Where speculation has been for the moment carried too far, as was the case recently with Submarine Cable horses, the balance will be quickly redressed by sales. Where political events or unfavourable influences are not at work to depress, Foreign Stocks have almost universally advanced. Spanish have been hurled down by the fresh dissensions of its rulers. American have improved owing to the rapid fall in the gold quotations. The British railway market steadily improves. In Telegraphs, there has been a general decline from the forced values of the past few months. Numerous long neglected shares in the miscellaneous list are again coming into notice. Our market for Australian securities has been tolerably brisk at the annexed quotations. New Zealand bonds have been rather flat from the old causes, and the disquieting news by the last mail has not helped to improve their value. The mail just delivered rings particulars of a loan of £100,000 from Tasmania, but as the interest is not payable until the 1st of January next it cannot be launched for some time. With reference to the New Zealand Government Five per Cent. Consols, the Crown agents for the colonies gave notice that, in accordance with the conditions upon which the loan was raised, the second drawing of bonds, to be paid off on the 16th April next, would take place on the 22nd inst., in the presence of the Crown agents for the colonies, of a notary public, and of such bona-fide bond- holders as might be pleased to attend. The following are the latest quotations of Australian securities and shares ; Share j For "3 gal Names of Companies, o.C. Bond. PM" Latest Prices. Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Shares 20 10 80 Stock Stock Stock £ GOVERNMENT STOCKS. 100 Victoria Government, 6 per cent. (Jan and July) Do., do. (April and Oct.) Do , 6 per cent. (Jan and July) New South Wales,6perccnt., 1871 to 1876 (Jan. injury). Do., do., 1888 to 1838 (do ).. Do., do., redeem., '07 to 76 South Australian, 6 per cent. (Jan. and July) .. Melbourne Corporation, Oper cent. (May and Nov.) Geelong- Corporation, 6 per cent. (May and Nov.) Queensland, 6 per cent. (Jan. and July) .. New Zealand, 6 per cent. Do., 3 per cent, consolidated Tasmanian. 6 per cent., 1903 (Jan. and July) CO\U'ANlKS'BONDS, Melbourne and Hobson' Bay Railway, 6 per cent. Bonds (1880) Do., 6 per cent., BANKS. New South Wales Australasia 25 Union of Australia South Australia London Chartered of Australia English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered .. Oriental New Zealand Victoria 10 Otago 5 National of Australasia 100 100 40 li- ll.. 102 104 106 10t 111 107 105 1031 103 031 MINES. Australian United Gold Yudanamutana South Aus- tralia Port Phillip Mining Company Scottish Australian Mining-.. Kapunda, S.A. Worthing Copper, S.A. Yorke Peninsula UIBCEL-A-iKOTO. Australian Agricultural Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway. Otago and Southland Investment Company 6 New Zealand Trust and Loan 2] New- Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency All South Australian Land 1 Trust and Agency of Australasia _SJ,Vmi Diemen's Land.. 100 North British Australasian 100 Peel River Land and Mineral 100 Scottish Australian Invest- ment.. ... 2? 20 3 The quotations include the accrued interest on debentures. NEW UNDERTAKINGS. It is stated from Hamburg that the subscriptions for the Commer- and Discount Bank in that city, just established, with £1,00,000 capital, of which £750,000 was to be first issued, exceeded £60,000,000 sterling, showing abundance of idle capital on the Continent. The subscriptions for the Anglo Maltese Hydraulic Dock Company, which closed on the 12th inst., are stated to have been quite satisfactory, and the contractors have already commenced the works under instructions from the board. The Grand Trunk Railway Company, of Canada, have invited applications for a portion (£228,000) of the Second Equipment Mortgage Bonds, the object being to supply the line with additional plant and accommodation, to meet the existing traffic and the requirements of an increasing business in Canada. The bonds, which have 50 years to run, are repayable at par at the end of that period, and bear interest at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum. The great Ottoman Railway scheme, so long talked of, has at length been introduced to the European money markets. On the 15th and 10th subscriptions were publicly received for 750,000 obligations of 400 francs each at Constantinople, Alexandria, Bucharest, Vienna, Berlin, Amsterdam, Hamburg, Frankfort, Trieste, Lemberg, Prague, Leipsic, Dresden, Munich, Genera, Berne, Zurich, Milan, Florence, and Naples. This being a lottery loan, the French Government prohibited its public announcement in Paris, in accordance with the law. The same objectionable feature has probably served to keep it off the London market. The object of the loan is to construct railways from Constantinople to the frontiers of Hungary, with several branches, extending altogether about 1200 miles. The subscriptions have many times exceeded the amount required. The Foreign and Colonial Government Trust founded in May, 1868, having proved successful, a second issue of certificates, amounting to £600,000, has been made. The value of each 5 per cent certificate is £100, and has been offered at £80. The avowed object of this association is to give the in- vestor of moderate means the same advantages as the large capitalist in diminishing the risk of investing in foreign and colonial Government stocks by spreading the investment over a number of different stocks, and reserving a portion of the extra interest and the amounts received in redemption, as a sinking fund to pay off original capital and to give each subscriber a pro-rata participation in the ultimate reversion in these different stocks, which will remain when the return of the original capital has by these means been accomplished. The period of redemption extends to 25 years, with annual drawings. Telegraphic projects continue to be promoted, although the rapid and unwise multiplication of these schemes begins to excite grave suspicions that a gang of unscrupulous speculators are at work, " fooling " the public " to the top of their bent" Among the latest is the Franco-Egyptian Telegraph Company, with a capital of £410,000, in £10 shares. The whole amount is said to be raised, and the manufacture of the cable ordered. The prospectus states that the object of the company is to provide a direct line of telegraph between England, France, Algeria, and Egypt, here- after to be extended to India and China, as may be determined by the shareholders. New lines necessitate new manufacturing facilities. The old cable-producing companies being unequal to the tasks imposed upon them, fresh competitors are entering this promising field of enterprise. Two started last month, and nowwohaveanotherrivalputting in its claims, under the title of the National Telegraph Manufacturing Company. This association takes over the well-known business of Messrs. R. S. Newall and Co., of London and Gateshead, The Central Queensland Meat-Preserving Company This association, as its title indicates, is formed with a view of introducing into England the surplus animal food now so largely wasted in Australia, and is under the auspices of a very influential board of gentlemen well known both at home and in the colonies. The proposed capital is £45,000, in £3 shares, of which one-third, or 5,000 are reserved for allotment in the colony. The mode of preservation to be adopted is the well-tested one of hermetically sealed tins. It is proposed to open an establishment at Rockhampton, where, we are told, great facilities exist, not only for the manufacture, but for obtaining supplies, for which purpose negotiations have been entered into with some of the largest stock farmers. 9 The manufacture of the extract of meat is also to be undertaken. Mr. C. H. Allen, the secretary; has recently returned from the colony, and his work upon it fully describes the enormous area of rich and valuable grazing country. This is the first company of the kind started with English capital. The directors say that they are unwilling to bind themselves to a definite assertion on the subject of profits, " but they would not invite subscriptions for the company's shares did they not expect a profit of from at least 15 to 20 per cent" Sir Wm, Denison and Lord Alfred Churchill have joined the board. A company has been formed, called the Denmark Theatre and Winter Garden," with a capital of £150,000, to purchase the freehold known as Saville-house, on the north side of Leicester-square, and erect on the site an elegant theatre, winter garden, mercantile club, and restaurant. The theatre is to accommodate about 6,000 persons, and will be fireproof. Mining. The renewed activity in all kinds of mining adventure shows no abatement at present. The Anglo-Algerian Mining and General Produce Company has been formed, with a capital of £12,500, to acquire lands, cork forests, mines, etc, in Algeria. Three fresh Californian gold-mining companies are before the public-the Tuolumne, capital £80,000 ; the Plumas, capital £75,000, on the Little Mining Estate, in the Round Valley, Plumas County, covering 517 acres and the Sweetland Creek, in the Nevada district, capital £60,000. The Cuiaba Gold-mining Company has raised £100,000 for the acquisi- tion of mines situate near Samara, in the Brazilian province of Minas, Geraes. A prospectus has also been issued of the Empire Gold-mines Company, with a capital of £100,000, in shares of £2, to purchase for £95,000 (£65,000 cash, and £30,000 in shares a property in Nevada County, California. Lead also is the object of much enterprise. In addition to the undertakings mentioned last month, the Cafe Consols Gold-mining Company has raised £30,000 to work a mine near St. Asaph, in Denbighshire ; the Caegy non, capital £24,000, in Cardigan ; the Leigh Valley Lead and Barytes Company, capital £20,000, to work some mines in South Devon and the West Stiperstones Lead Mine, in Shropshire, capital £12,000. The Black Catalan Company, with a capital of £20,000, pro poEestodevelop theeapabilitiesofamineabout 11 miles from Aberystwith. The Tavarone Mining Company, capital £50,000, propose to work some copper mines about 30 miles from Genoa. The Colorado Terrible Lode Mining Company is an undertaking formed to work a silver mining property in the United States, capital £125,000. The Atlantic and Pacific Steamship Corporation, being now registered, may be expected to be before the public in a very few days, with an influential and practical board of directors. Advices received from the colonies are so far encouraging as to give fair ground for the expectation that subsidies will be secured. Should the next advices be sufficiently distinct, the company are understood to be in a position to commence operations forthwith. The are going on earnestly and determinately-, and backed up by the Great Western and Grand Trunk of Canada, they will be able to perform the service in a first rate manner. DIVIDEND MEETINGS. Van Diemen's Land Company The report presented and adopted on the 8th showed a balance of £1,333, and announced a dividend of 2s. 6d. per share. It was mentioned that the amount of the past year's remittances from the colony is very unsatisfactory, owing partly to the large remission of one-third of the gross rent allowed to the tenants without in- sisting on the prompt payment of the other two-thirds, so that the company benefited little by the concession, the tenants remain- ing greatly in arrear. A change of agency, however, and more economical management, will lead to an improvement in the company's position. The Bank of Australasia -A half-yearly dividend was on the 21st inst declared on the capital of the institution, £1,200,000. at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. After making provision for bad and doubtful debts, the profits on 11th October amounted to £120,880. 1 A dividend meeting of the Oriental Bank Corporation is called for the 21st of April. A meeting is called of the Kapunda Mining Company (Limited) for the 29th Inst "to consider, and, if approved, to authorise the directors to carry out, an arrangement with the lessees of the company's property in South Australia for the surrender of the existing lease and the granting of a new lease to them, or to a limited company on their nomination." MERCANTILE FAILURES'. The long period of depression, consequent upon the. financial convulsions of the past four years, continues to tell disastrously upon the fortunes of the mercantile classes. It was hoped that the end of 1869 would have closed the era of misfortune, and that the advent of the new bankruptcy law would have been accompanied with signs of more marked prosperity. After the enormous crop of sue pensions, compositions, and bankruptcies which darkened the expiring weeks of last year, there was for a month or two almost a total cessation of such cases. The relief, however, was very transient for the past month has been painfully prolific of failures and embarrassments, some of which I will proceed to chronicle. The statement of the affairs of Messrs. Dickson Brothers and Co. Australian merchants, submitted at a meeting of the principal creditors on the 524th ult, showed liabilities amounting to £124,000, and assets for £125,000, subject to realisation. A resolution was passed accepting a composition of 15s. in the pound by instalments, payable at such times and with such security as a committee appointed for that purpose should determine. The suspension of the firm appears to have been quite unexpected. Upwards of £28,000 of the liabilities are due in Glasgow, and £6,000 in Manchester. Amounts are also due to houses in Leeds, Bradford, and Hudders- field ; but the bulk of the debts lie amongst London firms. - The estate of Messrs. Godbehere, Game, and Co., wholesale hardware men, who su: pended early in February, is to be wound u in bankruptcy. The liabilities amounted to £25,339, and a composition of 63 in the pound was offered, but no security was forthcoming v# The creditors of Messrs. Paul, Schneider and Co., merchants, of Manchester, have accepted a composition of 3s. 4d. in the pound, of the understanding that a further sum of 3s 4d. shall be paid by Mr. Pair, by instalment of £1,000 in each year for five years, out of property settled on his wife in her own right. The creditors of Messrs. Robert Hutchison and Co , corn merchants, of Kircaldy, has accepted an offer of 13s. in the pound. The two firms of Mr. Clarence Brazil am Mr. H. M. Brazil, manufacturers, of Preston and Bolton, have suspended. The liabilities OTO respectively £0,507 and £5,95?. Committees of investigation are appointed. Mr. T. D. Dixon, cloth manufacturer, 0 Leeds and Morley. Liabilities, £4,000 ; assets only £380. Mr. Samuel Campbell, contractor, of Liverpool, for a large amount. Estate to be investigated in Bankruptcy Court. Mr. John Cooper, corn merchant, of Dun de?. Liabilities, £20,000 ; assets small. Mr. Peter Jackson, small ware manufacturer, of Manchester. Liabilities, £25,000 the bulk of which is due to Yorkshire firms. Messrs. Gold and Taylor, chemical manufacturers. of Newcastle. Liabilities, £26,000 assets show only about 4s. in the pound. Mr. M. Constantinidi, of Liverpool. Liabilities, £3,000. Messrs. Adamson and Co., shipbuilders, 0 Grangemouth. Liabilities, £23,000 ; assets £6,000. Messrs. J. W. Paxton and Co., buying agents, of Manchester. Liabilities small. Mr. Robert "Harvey, stock and share broker of Liverpool, resulting from losses on speculative transactions. The differences to be met amount to about £10,000. Messrs. R. and S. Brear, commission agents worsted spinners, c, of Bradford. Liabilities about £13,000. Messrs. Hogan Brothers, of Mill-street Dockhcad, in the grain trade. Liabilities about £25,000 ; liquidation expected to be unfavourable. The firm were heavy sufferer by a destructive fire last year. Messrs. Peter Eckersley and Son, stock. share brokers, of Manchester. Liabilities £5,000. Mr. Wm. Redmayne, wine and spirit merchant, Clitheroe. Liabilities, £11,000. a composition of 3s. 4d. declined, and a committee of investigation appointed. The estate of Messrs. H. and P. Berry and Son, machine makers of Bradford, is to be wound up under the New Bankruptcy Act. Messrs. Thos. Postlethwaite and Co., cotton brokers, of Liverpool ; realisation expected to prove favourable, but much depends upon the result of claims on spinners, to whom advances have been made to over £30,000. At meeting of creditors of Prentice and Inglis, galvanised, of Glasgow, the liabilities were stated at £16,000, and the assets at about £4,000. Messrs. J. H. Ashbridge and Co., commission merchants, of New Orleans, with a branch at Liverpool. The American liabilities are heavy, but those of the branch house will not exceed £5,000. Advices from Dundee report the failure of Messrs. Paton, Gordon, and Co., a firm in the flax trade ; liabilities stated at £9,000. Messrs. John Ingham and Co., manufacturers, of Halifax ; liabilities not stated. Messrs. Edward and Joseph Lumsden, ship builders and iron manufacturers, of Sunder- land ; liabilities, £25,000. A receiver and manager of the business of Messrs. Horne and Anthony, cotton brokers, of London and Liverpool, has been appointed by the chief judge in bankruptcy. The commercial accounts from America point to a feeling of uncertainty among commercial men, and failures are being almost daily reported. Vice-Chancellor James has made an order for winding up the Manchester and London Life Assurance Society, which was formed in 1852, and transferred its business to the Western Assurance Company in 1861, and the latter, in 1865, was amalgamated with the Albert. To make the winding up as they reach e as possible, the liquidator of the Albert will act for the Manchester Society. TRADE RETURNS, CC. The Board of Trade returns for December, and for the whole of the year 1869, show that the steady enlargement of our foreign trade, which has been observable for many months, continues with increasing speed. In the month of December the exports of British and Irish produce and manufactures were £15,594,978, being an increase of nearly a million over the corresponding month of 1868, which, in its turn, exhibited £1,386,407 more than in 1867. The increase is largely made up of the additional exports of cotton and woollen goods. The exports for the whole year were £190,045,230, which is £10,'-G7,418 more than the total of 1868, and £9,083,307 more than in 1867. The table giving the figures of the export to the various countries separately is interesting. The total to British possessions for the year 1869 was £18,090,316, being a decline of £1,774,608 on the year 1868. To the Australian colonies there is an increase of £1,348 000, while a reduction of £3,686,OOOhos occurred in the shipments to India. The total to foreign countries was £141,954,914, and gives the satisfactory increase of £12,142,026 over the figures of the previous 12 months. Our shipments to the United States have augment d by £3,196,000, and by £1,613,000 to Brazil. To Egypt the increase is £1,931,000, whilst European Turkey exhibits a decline of £793,000. To France there has been an addition of £807,000, and to Italy of £1,122,000. Our exportations to Russia have advanced from £4,250,000 in 1868 to £6,469,000 in 1869. the improvement being over 50 per cent. The shipments thither last year exceed, in fact, the whole for the two years 1895 and 1866 put together, The bulk of this augmented trade to Russia has been in railway iron, that article alone having in creased £1,364,700, or more than 50 per cent, over the year 1868. The importations of the year were chiefly remarkable for the large increase under the head of wheat, and in all the principal, kinds of provisions. There is also a substantial improvement in the shipping of the year. The gross amount of Customs duties received 111 1869 was £22,224,203, comparing with £22,693,507 in 1868, and £22,684,283 in 1867, but this yearly diminution arises from the reduction in the taxes made from time to time. In the account of imported merchandise in bond, the reduction of between seven and eight millions in the stock of tea is no doubt owing to the expectation of an alteration in the duty. The returns for the month of January have also been published, and are in the still ascend- ing scale. They show a growth of £302,071, or rather more than 2 per cent., in the declared value of our exportations compared with the corresponding month of last year.. Compared with January, 1868, the increase is 3 per cent. There is a falling-off in the Australian demand, which is more than made up by an augmentation in the American trade. On the whole, so far as reliance may be placed on these statistics, they seem to corroborate the general impression of a moderate revival in all departments of trade. As regards the importations of the month, it appears that the arrivals of wheat were about 11 percent, in excess of last year, and that nearly the whole were from Russia and the United States, each of which sent about l,200,000cwr. Of barley and Indian corn the arrivals show a decrease. Of cotton the receipts were 794 12cwt. against only 306,001 in January, 1869. The wool imports were 8 801,8861b. as compared with 4,645 2861. in the previous year. The imports of gold bullion and specie into the United Kingdom in 1860, as registered at the Custom-house, amounted to £13,770,821, and the exports to £8,470,301, showing an excess of imports over exports amounting to £5,300,511. The excess in 1868 was 4,427,809, and in 1867, £7,910,080. The silver imports in 1869 amounted to £6,730,179, and the exports were £7,921,698, showing an excess of exports over imports to the amount of £1.191,519. In 1868 there was an excess of silver imports over exports amounting to £204.712; and in 1867 to the amount of £1,583,678. The preparations for laying the first section of the telegraph cables between Panama and the West India Islands are approaching completion, and in the course of next month it is expected that one of the Election cables between Panama and the West Indies will be laid, and in working order. On Saturday last, Sir Charles Bright, tho<ongineer to the West India and Panama Telegraph Company ; Mr. W, Walsh, secretary to the company and Mr. Lopez, private secretary to Sir Charles Bright, sailed from Liverpool for New York, en route to Paris and the West Indies, to superintend the laying of the cables. LONDON WOOL SALES. The first series of colonial wool sales for the present year, which opened on the 17th ult, closed on the 6th Inst, The arrivals consisted of 72,533 bales, which'; with, about 8,208 held over in second 'hands, and re catalogued, raised the quantity offered to 80,741 bales. Of this aggregate 31.101 bales were from Port Phillip. Messrs. Southey. Balme, and Co. thus refer to these sales : " The indications of a more satisfactory condition of consumption recently observable in the seats of the woollen industry, combined with the assured prospect of a lessened rate of production of the raw material, have for some months past exercised a per- ceptibly hardening influence on our market The quotations of the opening sales can hardly be said to have manifested any uniform advance in value, but the progress of the series was marked by a gradual and continued increase of competition, which, though not fully sustained to the close has resulted on the whole in the establishment of a general advance, as far as comparison is possible, in almost all descriptions of Australian and New Zealand wool, of yd. to 1d. per lb. and in the case of Capes, in the recovery of prices to a point very closely verging upon the extreme rates current during the earlier portion of the November sales of 1869\. The occurrence of the first series of the year, under the new arrangement, at an earlier period than heretofore, and the prevalence of adverse winds, limited the quantity of wool of the new clip to a much smaller total than usual The bulk, indeed, of shipments from all quarters, except Port Phillip, has consisted exclusively either of scoured, fellmongered, or other remnants of the clip of 1868-9, or so nearly so as to preclude all comment of any value on the relative merits of the new wool. The Victorian wools on the other hand, have presented a fair selection of the growth of the new season. A large proportion is tender, and a considerable number of flocks shorter in staple than last year. The grease wools, as a rule, are rather lighter than usual ; there is also perhaps on the whole somewhat less burr, and a generally increased attention to the details of managementisnoticeable. Thequantityof fine wool offered was extremely limited, and where well grown and in good condition realised extreme rates. The well- known Ercildoun brand touched the extraordinary price of 4s., per lb. The arrivals of wool for the next two series, which will include the bulk of the colonial clip of the year will undoubtedly re- present a very large total, and it may not be impossible that the process of absorption of so considerable a supply may be attended with some slight fluctuation. Thegenerally healthy position of the trade, however, and the possession of tolerably accurate data as to the approximate total importation for the year, will tend to check any material variation in value, and limit any market changes within a comparatively narrow range. The commencement of the next series has been definitely fixed for the 7th of April. To meet the wishes of the wool trade, and influenced undoubtedly by the recent competition in warehousing accommodation, the directors of the London and St. Katharine Docks Company have made a further reduction in the charges on wool stored at their Minories and London Dock warehouses, and have announced such reduction in a circular. PRODUCE MARKET. Tallow The market during the first fortnight was steady, and the value of P.Y.C. did not fluctuate, but some speculative purchases had then the effect of forcing prices up to the extent of 1s. per cwt. viz. to 47s. Since then, however, with a very dull demand the quotations have gradually receded, and are at the present 45s. on the spot, 44s. 6d. for deli- very during April to June, and 45s. 9d. per cwt. October to December. The import of all kinds of foreign and colonial tallow last month was 3,687 casks against 5,864 casks in the same month last year, and 2,487 casks in 1868\. The deliveries amounted to 6,212 casks against 8,232 casks in 1869, and 8, 156 casks in 1868. The stock on the 28th alt was 26,332 casks, against 40,719 casks at the same time last year, and 30,012 casks in 1868. Town tallow continues in moderate supply at 44s. per cwt, being the same as last month. Australian Tallow fair supply has been offered at the weekly sales. The chief portion has consisted of mutton, the price of which is from 1s. to 1s. 6d. per cwt. lower, but beef having been scarce has nearly maintained its value. The present quotations are Mutton, fair to good, 43s. to 44s. 3d. mixed melting and beef, fair to good, 43s. to 43s. 9d. Import, 6.831 packages ; sales, 3,450 packages ; stock, 5,731 packages. Cocoanut Oil. The market is steady, with a moderate business doing at the following quotations, viz, Cochin, 45s. 6d. to 45s. ; Ceylon, 47s. 6d. to 42s. and Sydney, 37s. to 40s. 6d. per cwt Australian Hides The demand has been active, and the quantity offered having been moderate, comprising 5,395 hides, the whole found buyers at an advance of 3d. per lb. on both heavy and fight weights, viz -Sydney, fair to good, 1st heavy 3rd., 2nd and.; 1st light 53rd. to 6d., 2nd 6d. ; Brisbane, good 1st heavy 5d. to 6d., 2nd -U'd. ; lit light Sid. to Sid., 2nd 5d. The imports amount to 5,138 hides ; present stock, 5,011 hides. The following are the quotations for first class hides a Heavy, good, average 561. to 50lb., 5d. Sydney, 5d. to 5d. Melbourne ; price 24th March, 1869, 5d. to 5d. per lb. Heavy, middling to fair, average 561 to 50lb., 5d. to 5d. Sydney, 42d. to 5d. Melbourne ; price 24th March, 1869, 4d. to 5d. per lb. Heavy, inferior or in bad condition, average 561\. to 50lb., 4d. Sydney, NSW. to 4d. Melbourne ; price 24th March, 1869, 4tfd. per lb. Light, fair to good, average 40lb. to 40lb, 5d. to 5d. Sydney, 5d. to 5d. Melbourne ; price 24th March, 1869, 5d. to 5d. per lb. Light, middling to fair, average 40lb. to 40lb., 5d. to Sid. Sydney, 5d. to 5d. Melbourne ; price 24th March, 1869, 4d. to 6d. per lb. Kip, average 12s. to 15s., 4d. to the. Sydney, 4d. to 5d. Melbourne; price 24th March, 1869, 4d. to 5d. per lb. Australian leather has also been in improved request, and the whole brought forward has been readily cleared, the last public sales establishing an advance of fully 4d. per lb. The transactions comprise 7,800 crop sides, fair to good 11d. to 11d., middling and fair 10d. to 11d., inferior and damaged 10d. to 10d. per lb. Mimosa Park The transactions, though moderate, have been at full prices, the sales amounting to 220 tons ; ground, fair to good £9 5s. to £10, chopped £7 17s. 6d. to £9, long £6 12s. 6d. to £8 17s. 6d. per ton. Horns are in good demand at an advance of 3s. to 5s. per 123, the present quotations being as. 13 to 143 oz- 35s. 6d. to 42s. 6d., ay. 11 to 12 oz. 27s. to 33s., ay. 9 to 106 oz. 17s. to 23s. 6d. per 123. Bones continue in good demand, and shank of good quality are worth £18 to £20, fair £14 to £16, middling and common £11 to £13. Common-'gnnaers for agricultural purposes are worth £6 lOsT per ton. Australian Copper has been in better demand, and £73 has been paid for Burra and Wallaroo in considerable quantities. Sydney Cocoanut Oil at recent sales has realised from 35s. 9d. to 40s. 6d. per cwt Petroleum. Market steady ; quotations ranging from Is. 10d. to 1s. 11d. per gallon, according to colour, test, &c.; Australian Wheat 49s. to 54s. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE". ARRIVALS. Arden Craig, at Gravesend lit March, from Swan River. Ascalon, at Gravesend 27th February, from Melbourne. Aboukir, at Gravesend 18th March. from Melbourne. Ben Nevis, at London Gilt March, from Melbourne. Burton Castle, at Gravesend 10th March, from Melbourne. Beltana, at Deal 17th Match, from Adelaide. Cbrui Bzo, at Plymouth 4th March, from Adelaide Coonatto, at Plymouth 28th February, from South Australia. Commissary, at Falmouth 2nd March, from Sydney. Centurion, at Gravesend, from Sydney, Cltnrannld, at Weymouth 6th March, from Melbourne. Cabot, at Gravesend 23rd February, from Brisbane. City of Adelaide, at Gravesend 15th Much, from Adelaide City of Vienna, at Gravesend 22nd March, from Melbourne. Barra, at Gravesend 17th March, from Adelaide. Excelsior, at Gravesend 28th February, from New Zealand. Evelyn, at Gravesend 20th February, from Adelaide. Great Victoria, at Gravesend 17th March, from Melbourne. Harvester, lit Gravesend 6th March, from Melbourne. Holmsdale, at Deal 17th March, from Melbourne Investigator, at Liverpool 28th February, from Melbourne. J. M. Joshua, from Melbourne. Macduff, at Gravesend 25th February, from Melbourne. Moree land. at Gravesend 15th March, from Geelong. Martha Birnie, at Gravesend 18th March, from Sydney, Niagara, at Gravesend 16th March, from Melbourne. Pekina, at Gravesend 2nd March, from Adelaide. Palm Tree, at Gravesend 10th March, from Melbourne. Bapldo, at Gravesend 10th March, from Auckland. Star Queen, at Gravesend 14th March, from Brisbane. Western Empire, at Gravesend 22nd March, from Sydney. The Cambodia, from Auckland, with £41,000 in Cold, boa now been at sea 150 days, but there appears to be no real anxiety respecting her, owing to the long prevalence of adverse winds. nErARTBRES. Achilles, from Gravesend 18th March, for Otago. Borrowdale, from Liverpool 10th March, for Sydney. Clara Hargrave, from Liverpool 10th March, for Sydney. Carnaquheen, from Gravesend 12th March, for Adelaide. Glencoe, from Gravesend 18th March, for Adelaide. Great Britain, from Liverpool 19th March, for Melbourne. Kosciusko, from Gravesend 12th March, for Sydney. Lepanto, from Gravesend 13th March, for Brisbane. Royal Alfred, from Gravesend 13th March, for Sydney, Suffolk, from Gravesend 14th March, for Melbourne Turkish Empire, from Deal 20th March, for Melbourne. SHIPS LOADING. AT LONDON. For Melbourne Varuna, J, M. Joshua, Merrie Monarch, Pbarwar, Tamerlane, Lanarkshire, Wimmera. Star of Peace, Southern Bolle. Peter Stuart, Ascalon, Macduff, Corona, Moravian, Niagara, Sussex, For Sidney Liberator, Damascus, Jason, Cathays, Christiana Thompson, Centurion, Commissary. For Adelaide. Conqueror, Bundaleer, Murray, Goolwa, Coonatto, Pekina, Ohaa- Sze, City of Adelaide, Darra, Beltana. For Brisbane. Olive Branch, Indus, Young Australia. For Hobart Town. St Brycedale. For Launceston.-Grarmerc. For Swan River. Amur, Hastings. For Auckland -Excelsior, Sydenham. For Otago Vanguard. For Nelson. Rapido. For Canterbury. Ramsay. For Wellington. Star of the South. AT LIVERPOOL, For Melbourne. Southern Empire, Birch Grove, Kirkwood, Flying Cloud. ' For Sydney. Sarah Newman. For Adelaide Archibald Fuller. For Auckland Santon. AT GLASGOW. For Melbourne. Loch Leven. For Sydney -Vale of Neath. For Auckland Argyleshire. VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. Fire Queen, London to Adelaide, February 21, deg. S.,20dcg.W. ' ' ' Goolwa, Port Augusta to London, December 23, 80 dog. chain. S" Sldeg. 22min. W. Avory, London to Nelson, January 24, 5deg. N., 23deg. W. ' A. L. Harrold, London to Adelaide, December 20, 22deg. S., 35deg. W. Winifred, London to Sydney, December 80, 18deg. S" 80deg W. Rapido, Auckland to London, January 30, Gleg. N., 30deg. W. Peal, Boston to Melbourne, January 105deg. X., 23deg. Vf. Golden Spur, London to Sydney, January 23, Odeg. S. 35deg. W. Ismay, Liverpool to Auckland, January 26 deg. M., 25deg. W. Bk.old, Fredrlc-Btadtto Adelaide, January 20, deg. N.. 30deg. Mr. Francis Milly, London to Hobart Town, January 20, deg. N 20deg. W. ' > ABfyrlon, Sydney to London, 25deg. S , 20deg. W. Asia, Queenstown to Melbourne, 11th February, deg. H., 20deg. W. Pomona, Liverpool to Sydney, February 8, 2sec. N., 25deg W. Queen of the South, Liverpool to Melbourne, January 31, Ide?. N., 25deg. W. -tar P£ China, London to Melbourne, February 18, 22deg. W. on the line. Walter Hood, London to Sydney, February 103deg, N., 24deg. W. City of Dublin, London to Adelaide, February 5, 2d eg. N., 20deg. W. Warrior Queen, Wilson, London to Otago, N.Z., December 17, 39deg. S., 29deg. Vf. Harkaway, London to Melbourne, December 16, 20deg. S., 27deg. W. Annie Kimball, Liverpool to Australia, March 6, 25deg. N., Ifldeg. Vf. THE ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN IN LONDON. (FROM THE EUROPEAN MAIL.) A post-office notification, just issued, to the effect that after April 1 next registered newspapers for all places abroad will be chargeable according to weight, and each paper to a separate rate of postage for every four ounces, has set people thinking more seriously than ever of the necessity of improved means of communication with the Antipodes. Messrs. Featherstone and Bell are still staying at the Charing Cross Hotel, and have been working might and main in the objects of their mission, which are, however, apparently doomed not to be realised. They have been received most courteously on all occasions by the members of the Government, even by Mr. Lowe, who, it is said by his enemies (and their number is legion), "bates the colonists with all the bitterness of a renegade. Besides applying themselves to the subject of troops, the New Zealand Commissioners have devoted practical attention to the project of a mail to New Zealand via the Grand Pacific Railroad and San Francisco, in which enterprise New South Wales and Queensland would probably co-operate. That route would be a saving of nearly 20 days on the present one. The English Ministry are not inclined to support the project with any pecuniary aid, although it is certain that this country would share in the benefits of its realisation. Other matters of great importance have also taken up the time of the commissioners, who have impressed everyone with whom they have come in contact with their statesmanlike qualities and indeed, it is said by many who have good opportunities of judging that their great abilities make the talents of some of our own politicians appear in unfavourable contrast. However this may be, New Zealand has certainly benefited in estimation from the high character of her accredited representatives here. In regard to New Zealand flax, I am sorry to have to speak unfavourably of its present prospects, as it is positively declared by many manufacturers, after fair trial, not to be a practicable substitute for Manilla hemp. Hardly anything has been recently done in the article except on March 17, when, at the public sale held on that day, some disposition was shown to operate, resulting in the disposal of some 300 bales at 37s. for extra fine, 30s. for good, and 22s. for ordinary. At present, transactions are again slack, without a desire on the part of the trade to buy at any price. The whole business presents a gloomy aspect, the results of which will, in many cases abroad, by the loss of considerable fortunes. in relation to telegraphic enterprise, I may observe that the home Government have determined to raise £4,000,000 at 3 percent., to lay 24,000 miles of cables, independent of foreign powers, to connect more closely the colonies and India with England. The negotiations referred to in my last letter relative to the projected amalgamation of the Bank of Otago with the English Scottish " have been broken off, much to the chagrin of many parties. The shares of the former bank have suffered slightly in consequence. The " Colonial Change " that I spoke of last month, proposed to be established by some influential gentlemen as a collateral development of the Royal Colonial Society, has not, I fear, much chance of speedy reach of ation. There is so little unity amongst colonists at home, that it is very difficult to get them to throw aside small jealousies, and co-operate in any comprehensive scheme for the good of all the colonies as a whole. Each colonist is too apt to make his own particular colony the sole consideration in discussing colonial, political, or mercantile questions. This provincial patriotism has its good qualities, but is attended, with serious ¿.".^baçiçs, The promised actuarial report of the European Assurance Society has been delayed, in cóh_é('iü-h_- of the necessity of including the Australian branches-time being requisite to know exactly what policies are on the books there. At a recent meeting of the Acclimatisation Society of Paris, the subject of utilising the skins of young kangaroos was brought under discussion. An extensive glove manufacturer, Mr. Gilbert, had made some soft and excellent gloves out of the tanned skins of the animals. The Board of Trade have notified that merchants and shipowners OTe at liberty to supply Australian extract of beef for the use of merchant vessels. This permission is in connexion with the control that the Board exercise in regard to the supplies of food to crows, under the Merchant Shipping Bill, and it has given a considerable impetus to the trade in the Australian extract. The Ramsay was fixed to start for Canterbury on March 23, with about 150 emigrants. It is useless to conceal, what is sufficiently notorious, that she was refused by the Queensland agency authorities here as an unsuitable vessel, on the ground that she is a wet ship, although a very healthy one. I have made inquiries, and, putting aside the fact that she has been declared, after a strict Government official survey, a proper vessel for emigrants, I have every reason to believe that there is not the slightest ground for alarm in respect to her. I understand that Mr. Kirchner is acting energetically as emigrant agent in Germany for Queensland, underthedirection of the head London office. Mr. Douglas has been recently on a trip to Scotland. The Indus, which was to have started for Brisbane on March 30, will not now leave till April 8, as a full comple- ment of passengers has not yet been obtained. The Young Australia will probably be sent out to Queensland with emigrants in the beginning of May, also the Flying Cloud at the end of that month and most likely another vessel will follow quickly afterwards for Port Denison. It is worth remark that the matron who was in the Blue Jacket when she was burned, has just gone out again (nothing daunted] in charge of an emigrant vessel, and her sister has been engaged for the first time in the same capacity for the Ramsay. The Emigrant and Colonist's Aid Corpora- tion seems to be making way. The Bedford Union have written to it promising to assist such labouring families in their union as may be disposed to emigrate in the manner DIP. scribed by the Act 18 Vict, cap. 106, sec 20 and on the conditions set forth by the corn' ration. A U/irTOon9,ence has passed between the latter and '5-6 Colonial Office relative to the possibility of obtaining Crown grants of land in Natal and Western Australia. Lord Granville has replied to the corporation, that there is comparatively little land in those colonies at the free disposition of the home Government, recommending it to turn its attention to the free grants afforded by On. * taro, which advice has been followed with the prospects of successful results. of Mr. Verdon will despatch to Melbourne the " Corona with emigrants about April 18. His new emigration regulations have, as far at can glean, yet come home from Victoria, A he is in the meanwhile endeavouring to] crease the number of single women who L- - ceive free passage by means of advertising are'" the newspapers. says The Peninsular and Oriental Company's,,', new steamer Australia will be ready for launching in about a month. ~~: The Hon. Henry Ayers, formerly Chief Secretary of South Australia, has arrived in London from Adelaide, relative to Mr. R. H. Horne, who has already re- assumed a distinguished position in London literary circles, current criticism speaks in very eulogistic terms of the merits of his recently re-published tragedy, "The Death of Mar- Lowe." He is announced to deliver a lecture on March 27, at St George's Hall, Langham place, on " The Causes of Success in Life." Amongst the colonists lately presented to the Queen were Sir Richard Hanson, Chief Justice of South Australia ; Mr. F. S. Dutton, the London agent- general for that colony; Mr. John Douglas, Queensland agent general, and Mrs. J. Douglas, the Hon Lady Elliot and Messrs. Featherston and Dillon Bell, members of the Executive Council of New Zealand. Mr. Hodgson, late Colonial Secretary of Queensland, is still in England. Mr. Robert Handcock, of Sydney, has been elected a member, and Mr. John Marshman, general manager of the railways of Canterbury, New Zealand, an associate, of the Institution of Civil Engineers and Mr. Daniel Tallerman a member of the Society of Arts, Mr. John Douglas, of Queensland, has been elected secretary to the Junior Carlton, after a contest with Major Keith Faulkner, by a majority of three votes. Mr. W. Wilkins, school inspector of Sydney, arrived in England by the Commissary. He has come home, I understand, for the benefit of his health, but intends to take the opportunity to post himself up in educational matters. The news just ar- * rived from Australia of the death there of Mr. Edward Denison, M.P., nephew of the Speaker of the House of Commons, has caused much regret, as he was one of the most promising of our young politicians. A " Colonial Club has been started at the West End. Its quarters are at 13 Grafton street, Bond-street, Amongst its committee are Sir George Grey, Mr. Dennistoun Wood, Mr. John Douglas, Mr. Frederic Moore (of South Australia), and Mr. H. H. Harrison, late of Nagasaki. A good many, doubts are expressed as to its success. It is urged that the present generation of returned colonists are not sufficiently cultivated as a rule to be "clubbable men," and are impregnated with too many local prejudices, petty jealousies, and rivalries. On the other hand, a large number of persons believe in the success of the new club, and I refrain from expressing any opinion one way or the other. What was lately the Royal Colonial Society is now the Royal Colonial Institute, the name having been changed at a meeting held for that purpose on March 7, in deference to the Royal College of Surgeons, who suffered inconvenience and annoyance from the initial letters of the titles of the two societies being the same. Numerous literary productions of colonial interest have recently appeared, or are announced for publication, and amongst them may be mentioned, "Leaves from Australian Forests," by Henry Kendall ; "Religion and Freedom in Old Colonial Days ;" " Australia ; a Popular Account of its Physical Features, Inhabitants, Natural History and Produc- tions, with the History of its Colonisation," containing a map and full-page illustrations; "Colonial Policy and History," by the Right Hon. Sir C. B. Adderley, K C.M.G..M.P.; Victoria, the British Eldorado, or Melbourne in 1869 ;" " Bush and City Life, or the Fortunes of the Stubble Family," by Old Boomerang; and "Home Politics in Relation to Emigration, c"" by Daniel Grant. The periodicals have also been full of colonial subjects, The subject of emigration has not been neglected by writers. Two pamphlets have appeared on the subject, one entitled ''A Scheme i of Emigration on a National Scale," by Edward Wilson and another on Assisted Colonisation," by C. W. Eddy. The Graphic of March 12 has on illustration representing a Picnic in Australia to the Officers of the Flying Squadron." A list of Australian works at present on sale in England, which are principally of a legal character, has been issued by Mr. Trubner. A work is advertised, entitled The Jesus of History, heretical enough for Strauss or Renan, which is rumoured to be the production of a learned judge well known in Australia. He says, amongst other things, in his preface, that his present opinions have involved a sacrifice of the only assured ground of confidence amid the sorrows of the present." To conclude, as usual, with a few theatrical items Madame Celeste is commencing an engagement in the northern provinces, wending her way to Scotland : Charles Dillon has been at Sheffield playing his usual characters to crowded houses ; Frederick Younge and his comedy company are in the western district ; James Holloway proposes to revisit Australia shortly at the Saturday Concerts a new national song entitled "Australia," written by Frederick Griffin (of Anakie), the music composed by J. L. Hatton, has been sung by G. T. Carter, and gained much applause ¡ Joe Brown is at the Bedford Music Hall ; while the Lentous have been at the Cambridge and Pavilion doing very; well. Howe, an actor of considerable promise, leaves for California and Australia shortly ; he acquired considerable reputation in the provinces as a melo- dramatic artiste of much power, has been doing leading business at the East London Theatre for a long time, and is a great favourite. He does not leave on a starring tour to make money, but for the sake of his health, which has been failing for some time past, his medical advisers insisting upon his departing for a more genial climate. Julia Mathews opens at the Royal National Standard Theatre on Easter Monday in burlesque ; Mr. E. T. Smith has converted the once-celebrated Astley's Amphitheatre into a theatre, and is producing Shakspeare and the legitimate drama, with Phelps, Mr. and Mrs. Vegan, and C. Harcourt in the leading characters. The very boldness of the transformation, to say nothing of the excellent acting, draws the public. It will be somewhat curious if Shakspeare, who has not recently taken in more fashionable quarters, thrives again over the water. The Australian friends of Barry Sullivan will be delighted to hear that the report respecting _ a certain wealthy benevolent lady having indemnified him for his want of success at the Holborn Theatre by the generous gift of £10,000 turns out to be true., I understand he intends before long returning to town and opening another London theatre further west His career at Manchester has been very successful. Lady Don has taken the Nottingham Theatre from June next. Mademoiselle Schneider has been drawing crowded houses in Dublin. Clarence Holt is at the Theatre Royal, Norwich. Miss Carry Nelson appears at Bradford on Easter Monday. Tom Hunt and company are on their way from Hong Kong to Australia, where they propose to remain a twelvemonth. THE UNIVERSITY BOAT RACE The following are the names of the crews selected for the Oxford and Cambridge University race, which was won by Cambridge. In consequence of Mr. Tabonrdin, of the Oxford eight having been slightly amiss, his place in the boat was filled by another cabman. Many changes were made in the Oxford crew during the month prior to the race, but the following is likely to have been the starting arrangements: oxrom .,. lb.' Cow. R. Mlrcboufe.Tjnhertlty.}\ 1 2 A. OF Lewis, University's 0 3\. T 8. Baker, Queen's. 2 12 4\. J. Fdwardes.Mc*B, Balliol 2 6\. F. E H. Payne. St John's? JJ 0\. a li. Woodhouse, University .. - JJ, II 7\. W. D. Benson, Balliol. >.. - yy 12 stroke, S. D Darbyshire, Corpus .... U S Coxswain, F. H. Hall, Corpus." ' CAMBRIDGE. st lb. 2\. E. L. L. Randolph, Third Trinity .. - yy A' J. H. Ridley, Jesus"." h o. J. W. Dale, St. John's. S S I. F. A Spencer, Second Trinity .... J;,; 5 W. H Rowe. Christ's. y 6 K. Phelps, Sidney J 9. 7\. J. F. Strachan, First Trinity .. -. wife Stroke- J. H. D. Goldie. St John's .... a Cextwain-Ii. Gordon, First Trinity .. -. 6 l Printed and published by Hoon GEORGE, still ARGUS Office, Cowan-street, Melbourne, for Wind" and MACKINNON-, proprietors. 