Cmptre» TUESDAY, JUNE 14, 1876. THE -welcome prolongation bf fine weather, at a time when the lonp; continued rains had awakened apprehensions that seed timo would pass without an opportunity of getting the land ploughed for wheat, naturally leads us to the consideration of the present prospects of the country districts. ,And from different quarters representations are received, which in their comiiined effect seem to hold out a decisive lesson as to the course that ought to be pursued. In many a locality the question of the hour is, Shall we go to thu labour and expense of putting in another crop on tho spot from which, thc floods have swept off all that was there ? From the- tablelands of Orange and New England there is the invita- tion to come up and take possession of land beyond the reach of floods. From some of th - grazing districts, Dubbo for instance, comes the statement that of late years, under tho impression that sheep were likely to prove far more pro fi cabio than cattle, squatters have been taking steps to give the predominance to the former kind of property,-allowing their herds to bo diminished, so as to make way for more sheep. Concerning other grazing districts, the remark is made, that the cattle being kept on land, which might do well under tho plough, but which yields in its present occupa-, tion a grass of poor quality, the products of the dairy are of little value compared with what ra'ght be obtained in better pasture. And at the same time the English newspapers abound in comments on the chango of opinion which has begun to take place in the mother country in reference to Australian preserved meats. The practical conclusion to which all these facts point is not difficult to make out.. The direction that enterprise should take '' is becoming more and more clear.' .The success which has already rewarded tho ingenuity exercised, in meat-preserving warrants tho expectation, notwithstanding all the difficul- ties and prejudices which had to be overcome, - that before long there will bo a constantly increasing demand for Australian meat in the mother country and Europe; and thus multi- tudes to whom meat has been hitherto' a rarity almost unattainable, will Lave the benefit of a regular Bupply. ' There is room for improve-; ment--and the successive steps which have been achieved are < a guarantee that further improvements will be made in tho modes of preserving meat and pre- paring it for the home markets. Tbc increasing demand for this export will soon convince the stockowners of the expediency of taking mea« sures for the inoroasc of their herds. And for this purpose they will neither bo willing, to encroach oh the runs allotted to sheep, nor to take their Lords to very remote quarters, as. long as more convenient pasture is accessible. A considerable portion of the-land subject to floods, being of the richest kind of pasture, offers tho. best,-facilities for.their purposes. Without forgetting losses recently sustained on the Richmond Uiver; it will be much moro easy to próvido tho means of egress for live stock from lands exposed to flood, than to save the property accumulated on an agricultural farm. The movement of agriculturists in search of localities secura from inundations, the con- clusion of dairy farmers in some parts of the colony that they would best promote their own interests by taking their herds to alluvial pnsturc land, the extension of the operations of meat- preserving companies, and the complete .disappearance of the objections entertained against the use ,of Australian meat in. the "European markets, may all require consider- able time for their realisation. But as to thc ultimate result of present attempts to render the means at command available for the production of wealth . there ? can bo no doubt. It is obvious that these antici- pations do not involve any abandonment of the flooded lands, or even any sudden change in the mode of their occupation. There are always many who are more willing to incur,.the risk of the repetition of disasters already frequently, experienced, than to enter on new and untried enterprise. But to some extent at once, and in increasing measure from year to year, such changes as we have indicated will probably take place, farmers on the river banks' will do well to increase tho number of their live stock, and to de vote, to pasture some of the land hitherto occupied by crops liable to bo swept away by floods. And from tbo combined operation of prudential movemonts in various ways, the country will be exempt from the recurrence of suoh calamities as those which have marked four months of this year. But not to dwell longer on the probabilities of future years, there is now abundant reason for cheerful hope as to the more immediate future. This splendid weather is just what was wanted to enable tho farmers to prepare the land for seed. The superabundant rains of tho autumn, whatever losses v. they may have occasioned in some localities, have made the grass all over tho colony grow with a luxuriance almost unexampled. Tho live stock in the grazing districts will be most amply supplied ; and already those which aro driven down to to the metropolis tell, by their appearance, of tho abundance in which they have lived. Tho bountiful provision thus made for the winter and the spring will greatlyTend to the success of the lambing Bcason. Every interest con- nected with pastoral enterprise will feel thc stimulus given by the prosperity of the stock owners. Tho full supply of moisture in the land will be favourable to the strength of the: crops, now that the surface has been suffi- ciently dried to admit of the necessary opeiations for: getting in the seed. The remarkable fact that a steamer from Adelaide has come up the Darling River to Walgett, a spot that was supposed to be on all sides too remote to enjoy the conveniences of commerce, is symbolic of the varied series of advantages derived from the floods whioh afflict some, but on tho wholo are beneficial to the colony. Tho supply bf water in many natural and art- ificial reservoirs, both above and below the surface of the ground, will meet*the wants of the country in this respeot far into tho jsummcr. There is every reason to expect that tho spring will opon under very favour- able auspices ; and to hope that abundant crops may reward the labour of the farmers, and compensate, to a great extent, for the losses of the autumn. Without disparag- ing the suffering and anxiety to which so many of our fellow-colonists have been sub- jected, wc may even now congratulate them on prospects which promise speedily to wrap the memory of all that is painful about thc experience of the early part of the -yeár'in a grateful cloud of prosperity. - . MiNiSTEniAi..-We understand that tho ^Colonial Secretary ar-d tho Treasurer will leavo for Mel- bourne, by the Royal Ma il steamer Malta, on Thursday, to attend tho Intercolonial Conference-, the sittings of which body will commence on the 20th instant. In view of the absence from, Sydney of both Mr. Cowper and Mr. Samuel, and tho conse- quent inconvenience that would ensue under such circumstances if the department.of tho.Secretary for Lands-were longer to remain vacant, Mr. Cowper and his colleagues havo solicited tho return to office of thoir late colleague, Mr. Robertson, and we believe their wishes have been'approved of and. seconded in very influential quarters. It is probable, therefore, that Mr. Robertson will ,at once, return to office os Minister for Lands, and will also take charge as head bf tho Government during tho absonco of Mr. Cowper and Mr. Samuol. A vast majority of the colonists will, we feel assured, hail Mr. Robertson's return to official lifo with the greatest satisfaction. GREAT WESTERN RAI¿WJ.T.-On Thursday, June 9th, J. H. Noale, Esq., member for Hartley, and E. Webb, Esq., member for West Macquarie, called on the Minister for AVorks, and requested that, aa a tem* porary platform has. been erected near Rydal, and as the road from thence to the Bowcnfefls stations is in a very dangerous state, the mails and passengers for the Western district may u¡ future bo conveyed to the said temporary platform. Mr..Sutherland's reply was : Mr. Whitton, the engine'er-in-ohiof, will go hp the line on Monday next, and will, if possible,. make arrange*, monts for opening the line for passengers next week, ' .r, at tho latest, next Monday. 'Mr. Sutherland said,, also, that he know the road was in ft very bad' condition, and would, therefore, do all he could to - expedite the opening of tho railway line to Rydal - Mr. Wehb then asked : "When will the contracts for the extension of the line into Bathurst be accepted ?" In reply, Mr. Sutherland stated that contraots for this extension cannot be entered into,before the meeting of Parliament, as there is ho money for the'purpose ; but that tenders for its completion to -Kelso will at once be called for and accepted.-Mr. Webb wished to be informed if the railway station for Bathurst must necessarily bo built so far out of town as is now proposed ? Ho stated ho had reason to beliove that a forge majority of tho inhabitants of Bathurst are anxious to hove the station nearer tho centre of the town. He did not think the site bo tween Keppell and Russell-streets would now ho objected to.-Mr. Sutherland said the present plans had been submitted to Parliament and approved, and that ; no alteration, can, be made without its sanotion. and under any circumstances no aation can be taken before Parliament meets. NEW COMPOSITION FOR SIIKEPWASII.-Two trials of a new composition for aheopwashing took placo on the 8th instant, at the stores of Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co., Bourke-street west, Melbourne. Tho patent, .or rather the secret of tho composition, is the property of Messrs. G. North and Co., and the advantageous qualities claimed for it are, that by it sheep can be effectually washed at about one-fourth of tho present ordinary cost. In tho trials, says the Argus, a small quantity of greasy wool was first washed in a Blipper bath holding water wanned to about 90 degrees, which contained a quantity of tho new composition, and after: it had been in the water about two minutes, it waa pronounced by some judges to be tolerably clean, but others were of a different opinion, and held tl]at the dirt was not taken out of the wool. A sheep was afterwards washed in tho bath in fresh water and composition, but tho trial of this was by no means so satisfactory ns that of tho greasy wool ; indeed it might almost bo termed a failure. Tho appliances used to tost tho value of tho composition were altogether inadequate for the purpose, the slipper-bath being too small, more especially for washing tho sheep, and there was not a sufficient sapply of water at hand to rinse cither tho wool or the sheep. Tho components used were of course kept secrot, but the aroma that J waa prevalont told very plainly that ammonia formed a very largo portion of thom. The owners of tho com- position state that there ia neither soda, potash, nor any cauterising material in it. It will, of course, require a trial on an extensivo acalo before it can be told whethor tho claims of the proprietors, as regards the voluablo nature of the compound, nre-weU founded, ahd^whethcr wool con bo washed at the rate of .Jd per lb., os is contended it can be, by it. In tho mcantimo, the trials of yosterday cannot bo proclaimed ns undoubtedly suscessful. PRESENTATION OP MEDALS. - A numerous and influential assemblage, comprising representatives ot thc various mercantile interests of the city, gathered at Greville's Commercial Rooms, yesterday, for the purpose of witnessing the presentation of silver medals, the cost of which was defrayed by public subscription, to Messrs. Harrison and Bailey, in token of the public appreciation of their courageous conduct in endeavour- ing to rescue the passengers and crew of the Walter Hood, when lying a wreck at Narrawellan Beach, in tho month of April last. The medals, which were manufactured by Messrs. Delarue and Co , bear suit- able inscriptions on the reverse, and the Queen's effigy on the obverse. The presentation was made by" J. B, Watt, Esq., of: the firm of Gillchrist, Watt, and Co., in suitable terms. Mr. Jules Joubert, in the course of a few remarks, expressed his conviction that acts of bravery such as those for which the medals had now been presented demanded an equal if not a greater acknowledgment than those which had been rewarded by the presentation of the Queen's head to the heroes of the Crimea. The spirit of bravery that led men to go to the Crimea, and venture their lives for the mere object of supporting crowns to ornament the heads of a couple of sovereigns, could not surpass the courage displayed by two natives of this colony who ventured their lives upon our rugged coast to save their fellow- creatures when in danger of perishing from wreck. The recipients having modestly returned thanks for the medals, S. A. Joseph, Esq., of tho firm of Montefiore and Joseph, said as the firm with which he was connected were agents of the ill-fated ship, he might naturally be expected to say a few words. He ex- pressed his regret that he had not been made aware that such a demonstration as this had been intended, or the firm would be too happy to have contributed towards it. He might state, however, that by the first mail after the wreck of the ill-fated ship, he had communi- cated with her owners, and mentioned the heroic con- duct of the two young gentlemen upon the occasion, and had little doubt that the owners would take an early opportunity of conveying a proper expression of thanks to Messrs. Harrison and Bailey. He (Mr. Joseph) might also mention that in the same letter he had forwarded a request that a strong representation should be made to the Royal Humane Society of Lon- don upon the subject, with a view of obtaining an award to these gentlemen of the medal of that institu- tion. The meeting then broke up. THU INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.-Wc are glad to learn from the Argus that somo articles will be shown by various Melbourne firms, who have been solicited thereto by Mr. Joseph Dyer, tho agent appointed by the committee of the Agricultural Society in Sydney, at the approaching exhibition in Alfred Park. Among many others, our contemporary mentions that Messrs. Stevenson and Elliott will send a variety of carriages, including a first-class C-apring barouche similar to the one shown by them at tho late intercolonial exhibition in Melbourne. Messrs. Wilkie, Kilner, and Co. will ?end some pianofortes of their own manufacture. There is no pianoforte manufactory in Sydney, and we are sure that theso very beautiful instruments will astonish the Sydney connoisseurs, both by the purity of their tono, the perfection of their mechanical details, and also by tho splendid display they make of Victorian ornamental timbers. In Sydney they boast of their cedar, of which very valu- able wood thoy send up large quantities to this market; but in these pianofortes wc shall show them the black wood and the musk wood of this colony, cither of whioh is quito equal to any ornamental wood that New South Wales can produce. Messrs. Alcock and Co. will send a sample of their fine billiard tables, and specimens of turning both in wood and ivory. Messrs. Paser and Simonscn will also, show a billiard table. 'Some pf tho large clothing firms also will show speci- mens of Victorian slops, which will quite outshine any- thing that is done in that way om tho other side. Indeed, it is rather curious to note bow capricious is the courso of trade. . For some reason or. other, Mel- bourne has gone largely into the manufacturo of ready made clothing, a business which is comparatively neglected in Sydney. . There is no such class as the machine girls known there. But, . on tho other hand, Sydney ««ploys a vast number of hands in making boots and shoes, and we believe a Large number of Sydney-made articles are imported to this market while they take large quantities of onr slops. In this way a reciprocal trade might be encouraged. There is another article also that Melbourne ought to supply in vost quantities to Now South Wales. Wo alludo to beer. The climate .f this colony gives us an advantage that we ought to avail ourselves of. Those who have tasted Sydney brewed beer, will not wish to repeat the experiment. At present the aleä of Castlemaine and Hobart Town aro in large demand in Sydney, and, in fact, a Castle maine firm have recently established a brewory there. But the great drink of tho Sydney people is English ale. We are sure that a taste for our Victorian beers would spring up thcro if they were better known, and wo believe that some of our brewers, intend to sond specimens of their products to this exhibition. There is a vast field in New South Wales for our mining machinery makers, and it is to be hopod that the manufacturers of Ballarat and Sandhurst will send over specimens of their skill. In agricultural implements, Victoria will mako a great show. In this branch of manufacture we aro years ahead of New South Wales. We have heard that most of our implement makers intend to bo represented at this exhibition. . , RIFLE MATCH.-The Volunteer Rifle Range presented a lively appearance yesterday afternoon, to witness a-rifle contest between Messrs. Slade; Brownlow, and Maddocks, of No. 1 company,. S.B., against Messrs. Gae and Brewster, oPNo. 5 company, S.B., with Mr. Blaok shaw of the Goulburn Rifles. Conditions : five ßlioti each at ranges 200, 300, COO, and 600 yards ; Wimble- don targets and scoring ; one sighting shot at each distance; pull of trigger not lesa than six pounds. By the scores it will be seen that the members of No. 1 . won by twenty-four points, Mr. ' Slade being top with the splendid score of sixty-one, being one over a centre per shot. This score has only once been exceeded in i this colony-Mr. Glennie, of No. 2 company, having made: sixty-two in a contest between No. 2 and tho South Middlesex. ,'.' . - Name. SOOyrus SOOyiils 600yrds OOOyrds Grand Total. Mr. Slade .. 15 1« IS 14 61 Brownlow 1« 14 10 14 64 Haddocks .11 7 IS 10 43 Total .. 43 35 43 SS 158 Mr. Brewster 12 12 10 9 43 Gee .. 13 ll 12 12 4S . Blacksbaw 10 0 10 14 43 Total ..35 82 32 36 134 : SINGLETON RIPLE VOLUNTEERS.-The usual cap. tain's parade took place on Friday evening. Over fifty numbers wore presont. Immediately after drill about thirty of the company, including officers and non-com- missioned officers, invited their drill instructor, Ser- geant-major Hill, to a farewell supper- that zealous officer being under orders, to proceed to Sydney^ on promotion, and last nigh't being his final visitin an official capacity. Tho usual loyal toasts having been disposed of, tho Times reports that Captain Loder pro- posed tho health of Sergeant-major Hill, and in doing so, alluded to tho very satisfactory manner in which ,the sergeaut-major at all times discharged his very onerous duties ; and acknowledged on behalf of the company tho very great obligation thoy were under to Sergeant-major Hill. The toast was received. with loud and continued cheering. Sergeant-major Hill briefly replied, remarking that two years had scarcely 'elapsed since he took charge of the company, and he had much pleasure in stating his conviction that the Single- ton company, considering the dato of its enrolment, was las forward as - ny company in the service. He also complimented tnem respecting thoir officers, and urged the non-commissioned officers to make themselves familiar, with their duties, making themselves thereby fully competent to drill their respective squads. PRINCE :OV WALES OPERA HOUSE.-" The Hugue- nots" was produced last night to a crowded houso. Probably no maestro hos succeeded so completely in ; depicting tone, character, and sentiment, by the lights ; and shades of his music, as has Meyerbeer. There is an individuality about each part of his operas, and yet < . the music is so sublimely blended, that the most diverso shades , of character aro frequently pourtrayed .with simultaneous action,; and ¡without any apparent ? incongruity.. _ To adequately producá ono of Meyer. ? beer's works in such a manner that each impersonation i is realized,^ a severo call upon the resources of an -operatio troupe must be made, and :long and incessant practice is ? required.' It would be unfair to examine too deeply into tho merits and demerits of the first night's performance of such a work as the "Huguenots." Great pains.has evidently been bestowed upon its production, and con- sidering the very short notico. at whioh the ¿pera has been put upon th» stage, it was, os a whole, rendered remarkably woll. The following WOB the distribution of j tho principal roles.--Raoul, Signor Neri; Nevera, Signor Contint ; Marcello, Signor Dondi ; St. Bris, Mr. Farley '. - Valentina, Signora ' Baratti ;. Margarito, Madanio SimouBen; Urbano, Miss Chambers.' The opera will be repeated'to-night, when, no doubt, it will run much more smoothly. Tho subscription season terminâtes this evening. ' ' ' ü ' THEATRE" ROYAL ADELPHI.-A now farce, by the author of " Anniversary Day," was produced at this theatre on Saturday last, and may bo pronounced a decided success. It is entitled the "Two Lovers, or tho Ghosts in tho Churchyard." It is smartly written. Mr. William Andrews was particularly couiio, especially in tho churchyard scone, and greatly aided tho success of tho performance. Tho farco .wa» well mounted, and some very pretty scenery was introduced. Miss Carey, and Messrs. Davies and Douglass nre'deserving of com- mendation for their respective parts. There was a very good attendance. The " Turn of tho Tide " increases highly in popularity, and. ia likely to hold its placo in tho bills for soma timo to coine.', Tho sansation scenes, by Wilson'and Habbe, are tho best specimens of effect we have seen in Sydney, and it would be an utter impossibility to find ' a atrongor cost. The characters represented by Messrs. Holloway, Lionel Harding, AüdrowB, Welsh, and Mesdames Holloway and others, arc all ndmirably sustained. Tho Thames embankment scene, with tho sensational incident of the rescue of Mildred by Clement Morris, nightly arouses tho audience to tho highest point of enthusiasm. ; 