MARYBOROUGH ELECTION. . I A meeting of electors for the nomination, of candidates for tbe seat in the Legislative As sembly vacated by Mr. W. H. Walsh accepting office as Minister for Lands, was held in the Court-house on Thursday. It being generally understood that there would be no opposition to Mr. Walsh's re-election, there was not tlie crowd and excitement which there would have been had there been a contest anticipated. The Court-house was, however, well filled. Mr. H. PALMER (the Returning Officer; opened the proceedings by reading the writ received by him. He understood there was only one candidate, but should a second be proposed, he asked that, as had always been the case since he held that office, all the speakers should have a full and impartial hearing. Mr. E. Booker (the Mayor) said he rose to to propose a gentleman who, after being three times returned as their representative, for the fourth time sought their suffrages — the hon. W. H. Walsh — to be again their member. (Cheers.) Some of them might think that Mr. Walsh should have put in an appearance, but Mr. Walsh had shown the electors that lie had confidence in them, and that he believed his constituency woulij be better pleased that on taking office he was endeavoring to master its intricacies and discharging its duties, than in running up to Maryborough to talk to them. In such an office as that of Minister for Works, there would necessarily be a good deal to in vestigate, and a good deal to learn, in order to comprehend the true sfaatc of affairs, which had been mystified by the legerdemain of the late and previous Ministries. There was another reason for returning him unopposed, and in his absence on the present occasion. A cry had been raised in Brisbane that Mr. Walsh's con nection hung by a straw — that he had not the ghost of a chance of being returned in the event of his seeking re-election. They would show the Brisbane peeple, who flourished aud battened on the expenditure of public money, that they were utterly mistaken ; that there was one constituency who could a return a local man — one identified with the interests of his constituency; that they believed in their member when he stood almost alone contending against the corruption and waste of past misgovernment, and would not in his place put an absent John Bright, the great Tribune of the British people, a lawyer Milford, or a thousand-a-year Pring. (Cheers.) It was alleged that Mr. Walsh was impracticable — that lie would not work with any set of men — that he might aud ought to have been in office long ago. But Mr. Walsh never could have kept office with any set of men that have been 'in power, and events had proved that Mr. Walsh had been right in refusing to join such men — men who, in a political sense, had im brued their hands in the blood of Queensland, and had done their best to destroy its young life. (Cheers.) What position had the suc cessive ministries brought the country to ? The colony was plunged into a debt, in round numbers, of four millions pounds ; that was, for every man, womau, and child, a debt of £40 each ; or, taking the male adults above j fifteen years of age, a debt of about £130 each. They, had run up the. revenue of the colony by heavy taxation to, in round numbers, about £800,000 — or, for every man, woman, and child, about £8 per head ; or, taking the male adults above fifteen years of age — who had really to earn the money — they had to pay a contribution to the State of something like £27 a year each. They had to pay this money in duties, ad valorems, stamps, licenses, and fees, and a host of other ways which they all knew. No honest man could take office with men who had been mainly instrumental in bringing about this state of things, and who wished to plunge the colony into still deeper difficulty and debt. Mr. Walsh had bided his time until he could find honest colleagues to work with. They had had proof of that that morning, when Mr. Palmer told the influential deputa tion that waited upon him, plainly, tbat it was no use making promises ; their demands were very moderate, but we have not got the money and do not know where to get it. The Bris bane people would make great efforts to get rid of the Ministry. There was a class in Bris bane all-powerful there — loafers and hangers on of the Government, civil service parasites and others, whose bread depended on an extra vagant ministry being in office, they would use their best efforts to overthrow a ministry that did not please them. Mr. Walsh was too honest, too energetic, and too determined to please this horde of wolves. (Cheers.) Of this they were sure — that he had the interest of his constituents at heart, and was sure that no man had ever laid before him any matter of business that he had not courteously and promptly attended to. (Cheers.) When they found Mr. Walsh not true to thein, they would not elect him ; but they must show that so long as he faithfully represented, and did his best to serve them, they would return him again and again. (Cheers.) Mr. Travis had hoped that some other elec tor — some old opponent of Mr. Walsh, would on this occasion have taken part in his nomi nation. But the reply to the expression of this wish was, No — you must. Mr. Walsh was one of the earliest friends he had had- in the district, and until he found him false to the constituency he would be always found willing to take any part in securing his election.. (Cheers.) Mr. Walsh had shewn himself a far-seeing politician. When Separation was proposed, he opposed it, and his views and prophecies concerning it had all proved correct. He pointed out that Separation would give the whole political power to the South, and swamp this district, and he said wait until the balance of power is adjusted by the settlement of the Northern districts. Separation was precipitated, and the whole object of the South seemed to be, instead of fostering the interests of the colony, to sacrifice all beside to Brisbane. Then, again, on the railways. Mr. Walsh from the first had spoken out against them as the bane and curse of the colony — and had they not proved so? He remembered that at a large meeting they held at Maryborough when the construction of the railways was proposed, that he (Mr. Travis) told them they would cost, three millions of money before they were completed. He found be lxad not made an exaggerated estimate ; the railways up to the present time had cost two millions and'a quarter, and they were not finished yet. The working expenses to keep the trains going on the southern lines, and the cost of maintenance, were £54,000. The total amount received from all sources was £75,000, and the difference was all that was to pay the interest, which amounted to £130,000 annually. tion. oil tne nortaern line — tnat sop given to Rockhampton to secure the votes of their mem bers —(cheers) — the expense of running the traffic had been £4412, and the total -receipts from all sources £2600, so that the' line was actually not paying working expenses. This was the state of things the Ministry found on taking office, and in face of which the late Ministry was actually proposing further rail way expenditure. As Mr. Walsh found that his official duties would prevent him coming before the electors on that occasion, that gentleman had addressed a letter to him on matters public and political, which he would now read : — 'Brisbane, 17th May, 1870. — Sir, — The determination of my constituents to unite ' as one man,' for the purpose of re-electing me to the Legislative Assembly, demands that I ten ter my grateful acknowledgements, through you, at the nomination on Thursday. All that I ever have aspired to gain — as a member of Parliament, for myself personally — I am now favored with, and to my heart's content ; for, amongst the names of the many who have signified their desire to return me again, do I not see, side by side with my oldest friends, the names of my oldest and heartiest opponents. Truely, I should be insensible to gratitude were I not to feel thi6 a great victory won, and if it did not stimulate me to make fresh hopes and determinations for the future. The members of the present Government were no seekers for office, they sought not the occasion ; nay, they rather shrunk from the means; and - mode of warfare, that led to the overthrow of their; predecessors. We had nothing tfc do ' 'with J^ifo^^^Qip^ajiilitlj^JggtroUing which so utterly discomfited, not 'alone* tn^ntended victim, Mr. Lilley, but the schemes and designs of his combined opponents. It is not in my power^at present, to say what efforts we shall bave- to. make, in order to relieve the country from its present embarrasments. ? We have an empty exchequer to deal with; we have a diminishing revenue to receive ; we have local works of the most gigantic proportions aud unproductive nature to sustain ; and we have — haidest of all to reason with a powerful sec tion of the community, which has hitherto been taught to feel that public prosperity de pends mainly upon the expenditure of public money. My constituents will remember how strenuously I opposed the infliction upon the country of tbat gross job— the Warwick Rail way. It began in crime, for' the first' £100,000 allotted to it was unvoted for that purpose, and misappropriated from another ; and it was' con- tinued as unconstitutionally, for two 'resolu- tions were passed in the Assembly, the first moved by myself, and the second by Mr. Raff, that the work should .'cease, 'I remind, or wish to remind, you all of these facts, because the doubt can no longer be entertained of the tremendous loss which that line will annually entail upon the country, and because the same infatuation in many minds still exists, and the same local desires are still at work, on the sub ject of railway extension,, which, if acceded to, must end in further indebtedness and in creased taxation. I am far within the mark when I say that every mile of railway we pos sess entails an -annual loss, '£7-/7f Ims to be met from t/ie general revenue,. oi £500 annually; and I conscientiously declarie that I can see no possibility, either by extensions of the lines, or the utmost economy .. in . working them, of mitigating this frightful and, I fear, permanent load upon the general community. It is my especial .duty 'now to deal with/these railroads, and my best .efforts shaU 'be cheeifuUy directed towards making them as efficient 'foil general use, and as productive to the general revenue, as possible. It is no easy task we have taken in hand, but, if determination to act honestly and fairly in our several duties, and to bestow that time upon our offices' which the public has full right to expect from paid servants, if this one bond of union is carried out, as I believe most faithfully it will-' .foe, then 'I pro mise that Queensland 6hall not suffer from our ministerial laborfe. I again exjpress to the electors of Maryborough . my most heartfelt thanks for their manifestations of good feeling towards me, and am, yours ever faithfully, ' Wm. Hexey Walsh.' (Cheers.) He thought that letter would con vince every reasonable man . that Mr. Walsh had the interest of the colony at heart, and was fully determined to do what in him lay to serve its best interests. At the same -time he was not going to say -to Mr. Walsh', because the country Was in a bad state— '-Don't ? you do anything for Maiyborough.'' He should look to Mr. Walsh to mete out that justice to this district which it had never received. (Cheers.) He should expect Maryborough fairly to par ticipate in whatever, expenditure there might be going on of i public money: 5 ' -(Cheers.) Enough of their money had gone, to Brisbane ; it was time some of it was spent in Mary borough and the district., Brisbane had done all it- could to prevent the prosperity of tl-iiK district ; but in spite of the drain made upon it, their timber, sugar, pastoral, and mining: resources, and the determination of its inhabi tants, it. had flourished; and: would flourish. (Cheers.) He was glad of the unanimity shewn on the present occasion ; it would be an encouragement to their member to know that the constituency was. backing, him, and that if the Ministers were forced to a disssolution and a general election, that Mr. Walsh would again be triumphantly returned. (Cheers.) .A gene ral election he (the speaker) felt sure must soon come. The Ministry found allied against them a powerful body of lawyers, and these would not rest until they had got back into office again. These men were trained to tnlkj and non-legal men were often easily led by them, anl they would do their best to talk themselves into power again. They wanted to have the opening of'- the 'oysters; and if they # succeeded— they and their friends, of Rrisbane and East Moreton would eat them,' and the rest of the colony would get nothing but the shells. They must use their best endeavors to support a Ministry who would not deceive them by false promises and plunder them. (Cheers.)' Mr. G. Howard, in response to numerous calls for him, rose with cheers, and said, that it might appear an anomalous position for him to be found a supporter . of Mr. Walsh. He thought it incumbent that some one of that gentleman's old opponents should speak on that occasion in explanation of the coursethey had taken, . Mr. Travis had said . that he had hoped that some old opponent of Mr. Walsh would have taken part in his nomination ; but he thought it was a great triumph to Mr. Walsh that he had the support Of so many who had hitherto been in opposition, and that more than this he would not lo'dk for. They could not be expected-to come there like penitents — (laughter) as if they had done on their part some wrong. Moreover, had they taken a more active part to secure Mr. Walsh's : Teturn they would only have had the credit of looking after the loaves and fishes, . and heaven knew there was nothing further from his thoughts. (Cheers.) He had done his best to keep out Mr. Walsh at past contested elections*; for though he regarded him as an able and' ener getic man, he thought in his opponent they had a man superior to him. The proposer of Mr. Walsh hadTeferred to- previous elections as being almost -unanimous in His favor, but he rather thought Mr. Melville would have had a majority if they had had faijr play. . But let that pass— he Would say -lia more about it ; let bye-gones be bye-gones. (Cheers.) He could now conscientiously support' Mr. Walsh, and did so. He believed he had 'the 'chance of doing good service to 'the colony, and as he was a clever, energetic, and indomitable man, he had great hope's of 'him. (Cheers.) If a friend, one could not have 'better ; and/he was as good a hater. Hitherto Mr. WalsShad always been in opposition, he had now an opportunity of putting to the test some of his ideas of govern ment. He would just like to have a peep at Mr. Walsh ferretting amongst the pigeon-holes and piercing the intricacies of his office after information, and see the consternation of the officials at being made .to. move out of .their accustomed routine. Maiyborough of old stank in their nostrils, and it would be now worse for them than ever. (Cheers.) He'must confess that now their' member in the Ministry, he should look for a great deal from him. He hoped the generous support he that day. received would strike indelible gratitude into his heart. He had learned to look for very little gratitude from public men. There was Macalister. No man ought .to have been moie grateful to Maryborough than he. At the outset of his political career, seventeen years ago, he came up to Maryborough as a candi date for the district ? in . the New South Wales Parliament,' and Maryborough /had stood by him to a man. Gayndah was at that time in cluded in the electorate, and there wias univer sal suffrage, and the shepherds were driven into the poll like:their:flo-is, and so Gayndah had proved too strong for them ; but Macalister had the support of Maryborough, and had proved himself totally -unworthy of their trust. He had been in power when there was plenty of money under his control ; he had acknow ledged the public necessity of, a bridge over the Mary ; he had promised that the work should have his support, .but he never made the slightest effort to carry it out. He trusted that in a future series of the Reminiscences of Maryborough,' such as were now appearing in the local paper, when the .return of Mr. Walsh on that occasion was recorded, that such ingratitude would not justly be laid to his charge. He liked the bluff, honest style in which the Premier, had met them that morn ing; he had spoken like a book, and told them plainly what he could and could not do. There was one advantage would come of this change of Ministry, if no other, and that was that it had given Mr. Walsh an opportunity of pene trating a few of their State secrets ; and he waited impatiently to see the Parliament meet to see the explosions — he meant exposures - (laughter)— but either would do-- that would be made by him. Again he would repeat that the Melvilleites had not changed their opinions, but times had changed, and they were prepared to give Mr. Walsh their support in the hope that it would add to his usefulness. They in- tended to have a vigilant eye upon him, and if he deceived them'they were prepared to op- pose him as strongly as ever. (Cheers.) He would thank the meeting for its kindness in . Slaving permitted liim ' to ~ express his ' views,., which was. not, usual pa isuch an occasionunlesB v 'orte had a caudijdate to propose:^ ^CheersO ^ There l-eyig no .other candidate proposed, Ihe ll^tniping-officer declared Mr. Walsh duly ' elected. ? The Mayor, with some ?complimentary re marks, proposed a vote of thanks to- the Re 1 turning-officer. Mr. Teavis seconded the motion, whiGh was carried by acclamation. . , Mr. PALMER briefly tendered his acknow ledgments and thanks, and tbe meeting dis persed. . 