A CANTON PRISON. (From Chamber.f Journal.) Oxr day we visited the prison. I would nofc have gone if I had any idea of the terrible scenos which awaited me. The women's prison was com paratively decent and airy. They were chained by the legs, but could move about, and were bu3y at different kiuds of work. Their children were with them. They themselves were clean ; and as we left them some money, they were in great glee. It was different in the men's prison. In a large court-yard, some fifty or sixty gaunt and wild-looking creatures sat eating-, gambling, and some of them working. They were chained at the legs, but their arms and hands were free. A more terrible and filthy crowd I never beheld. Most of them were only kept for execution. At first they allowed us to walk about without apparently heeding1 us much; but I had provided myself with strings of cash to give them ; and as soon as they saw me take out the money they made a rush at me. Legrand had warned me not to allow them to touch me, as they had almost all terrible skin diseases. There was therefore nothing, for it but to lay about me with my stick to keep them off j and throw ing the money over their heads, they soon left us free in the scramble for the cash. In a dark cell, not far off, I found five poor creatures undergoing the most awful punishment refined cruelty could devise. Each had round his neck a board about four feet square, preventing his ever lying down or resting his head. I was horrified to hear that this awful punishment is inflicted for comparatively slight delin quences, such as theft. They are con demned to three months of this torture, and few survive it. One poor wretch was trying to rest with his body on the raised floor, the head dangling abont. in a miserable manner. They looked tired to death, and stared at us in amazement. "When they saw money, they wanted to close up to ns ; but their boards, of course, kept them at a distance from us. I left some money, and the gaoler promised to divide it equally among them. On leaving these unfortunate people I felt quite unmanned; but worse remained behind, for in the yard through which we bad to pass, a poor prisoner was at that moment giving up the ghost. That he might be ready to be carted away, they had put him in a basket, with his bead and legs dangling out. I thought he was dead, for he was deadly white, with closed eyes, and his emaciated frame seemed motionless. The gaoler and prisoners however assured me that he was not quite dead yet, but would be shortly. Just then his eyes moved. Nobody seemed lo care an atom for him. It was a cruel sight to see ; but the prisoners strolled about, the gaolers smoked, and all went on as usual, while this poor soul was departing from a body kept ready for instant removal. 