THE QUERIST. CAN ANYONE TELT,—Whether the Anglican Prelate of Melbourne would be capable of emulating the jocularity of such distinguished ecclesiastics as Dean Stanley, of Westminster, and Canon and Professor Selwyn, of Cambridge University ? True it is that at the Convocation of the Province of Canterbury, England, in July last some wag, desirous of making silk aprons and shovel hats oscillate hilariously, distributed the following lines upon the notorious Whalley the British double of our own obtuse Cope :— Swans sing before tliey die; 'IVcre no bad thing. Were VJiallcy swan, IF wc could make Jiim sing. In a few minutes Dean Stanley and Canon, Selwyn translated those hues into Latin—a feat creditable to their scholarly accomplishments and indicative, we hope, of their further attachment to the Latin Church :— . SI cum lata vocant ct inexorabHis hora. Ad vada Maiandri concinnit albus olar; O uflnnm VTalli paBBes assumere plumas. Et nubes cygnt carmina grata dares. Not bad. The point.beingtliat as. //edward Cope, with 'is 'at hon 'is 'ed, is in -our "Victorian Parliament, poor old Whalley is in the Imperial Parliament, the most intolerable of prosy old drones; and whenever Whalley drones he is met with cries of "Sing! Sing!" in the House of Commons. Whalley, too, like our Ananias and Sappldra of the Melbourne Press, asserts that Jesuits and Fenians are the instigators of everything evil the difference being (that poor old deluded Whalley believes his crapulous ravings, whereas the Elizabeth street journals don't believe a word of it. CAN ANYONE TSU^-unless it Tie our Solicitor-General (Who is so'submissive to his learned brother and head)—Wild is the Melbourne correspondent of the London Times ? That eccentric and wily chronicler informed' all ; England and ^ besides of 'the. mlarked inferiority of all Mpistries preceding thaWve^y invoked and present M'Culloch Administration; and how the disgusted Wd iir'econcilable outs"— meaning the Smiths, Caseys, Sullivans, et hoc genus—may be tolerated in Parliament if they he " decently observant of the courtesies of debate and at all of which the Times congratulates the world at large that Sir James M'Culloch is no longer in the front of the " extreme democrats "—meaning Messrs. Higinbotham, Jones, Burtt, and Co. The appreciation of the Age of all this, on the part of the learned correspondent, is keen, and has been made noteworthy by the use of the old stiletto of the Age's character assassin, hired again for the occasion. CAN ANYONE TELI,—Where in the Melbourne Industrial Library are to be found that extraordinary collection of Australian Mammifers, ranging from the kangaroo of eight feet high, to the lilliputian rat, but all alike in this, that they carry their young in a pouch ! The reverend author of the North-Eastern Glimpses is called upon to say what his feelings would be if he read that announcement in the excellent London journal, the Spectator. The Spectator states it, but wrongfully, on the authority of the two princes of the House of Orleans—the Due de Penthidvre and the Comte de Beauvoir—who visitedusafewyears since, and who have published a vigorously written book of their travels, of which four editions in four months have been absorbed. The Comte graphically describes a corroboree of kangaroo.s as "at least forty different sorts of creatures, furry-coated, four-legged, but galloping on their hinder paws, with—3io< their hands—but their offspring in their pockets. " CAN ANYONE TELL—Whether the kangaroos' solicitude for their offspring be not more humaue than the fiends in human form who consign their murdered offspring to the filthiest of re" ceptacles 1 Five murdered babies in Melbourne, told of in one morning's paper, is not a distant approach to Canton. The French Princes in their book tell that— In the first evening walk which the Due and the Comte took outside tlie walls, tliey found seven abandoned babies, some purposely wounded, al blue and perishing with cold. Tlie Comte tells us that when at home in France he had never believed the missionary stories about this frightful custom. He thought they were pious exaggerations of occasional cases of infanticide. But after what he saw in that one evening's walk, he can entirely believe the statement of the French bishop that more than 4,000 babies, the greater number of them girls, had been picked up by the Sisters of Charity (who go out daily with a great basket) in the course'of one year. It is not without show of reason that the Chinese are invited to send missionaries to Melbourne ! Here is what the Princes saw in the palmshaded streets of Batavia :— "Mynheer—no doubt an alderman or civic functionary—is smoking a cigar a foot long, and is shaded by a huge parasol, which is not merely a convenience, but an emblem of dignity. The bigger the functionary, the bigger and grander his parasol." And what they saw at the Court of Sultan Sousouhouna IX., in Java :— " The Sultan is only twenty-eight years old; he is of elegant figure, his complexion a pale green, his eyes large and haggard, with great painted eyebrows. This young man, whose petticoat and vest must have made him look like a tropical parrot, was surrounded by 300 cousins and nephews, and 4,000 great lords and officers, on all-fours ! He had been married at twelve years of age,' and his thirty-third son, a howling baby of a day old, was brought in to be shown to the French visitors. This, in fact, was the child of the Grand Sultana, and was destined to pass over the heads of his thirty-two brothers, and to inherit his father's throne. As to the little sisters, they were fortyeight in number, and dressed in diamonds !" When shall we have a comparison between the book of Orleanist Princes, and that of our own H.R.H. Duke of Edinburgh? CAN ANYONE TELL—When the British succession to the Throne will not be barred against a Catholic? The cause of the war between France and Prussia appears to be Leopold of Holienzollern, who is the|head of the Catholic branch of the Prussian family, and who was declared bythe family treaty of 1849, when Sigmaringen and Hechingen were ceded to Prussia, to be a Prince of the Blood and within the limits of succession. CAN ANYONE TELL—Whether Mir. Gladstone will save Her Majesty's Catholic subjects—or rather Her Majesty's self or her successors— from the brptal oath that theworship.of Catholics is damnable and idolatrous ! Prussia sets England a remarkable precedent for adoption. , CAN ANYONE TELL—What the Bench of Bishops and the Peers in'the House of Lords thought when Baron O'Hagan 1 of Tullahogue inarched in as Lord Chancellor .of Ireland, marshalled as he was .by the: Catholic premier Duke of -Norfolk, who takes precedence of all other Peers of Qreat Britain, and next to Princes of the'Blood. Baron O'Hagan of Tullahogue was also accompanied by the representative of " Ireland's only Duke''—Ktzgeradd, Marquis: of Kild^re., The English Duke descended from the Chief Justice of the'Commoh Pleas in the reign of'Edward the First of England ; and the Fitzgerald; with'the lineage of a century older, descended from the bold soldier -who in 1172 aided Henry IL in the j invasion of Ireland ! Capital conra™. f„ t, O'Hagan of hereditary Brehons o? O'NeiU, of Uk71 * he ferent reception was accordedto that FiLln ^"/Mcrnwres ' Silken Thomas," ^tW* 1 head Queen^Ehzabfeth adorned L^ndmftS*" and his estates, 574, G28 broad acresTlT¥ m Um were forfeited. Sang Davis- b *, Ye GeraWinesl ye Geraldines 1 8ince Silken Tlior Ki r » Thanes r'h c °7: amon, s „rr d 0n Council board the E 0„, Ye never ceased to away. brave a/fatnst the : Though axe, and brand, and treachery y0„r cut away. '' * uur Proudest Of Desmond's blood, through woman's vnin. Toms pt th- exhausted tide; u ®<l o, His tjtlejives-a Sassenach ehurl usurps the i^, ADd t th 0 e U &ot; Kildare h ^ a " 6ht11y there '> ruin at Else whence Edward fell to earth had such atre ono The forms of centuries rise up, and in thelri.i, v ° 0mm SOn Ge"nt S - t teke the post ° '''"t litM The Irish Catholic, Patrick Saarsfield~wW, the last previous recipient of the English -when dyingon the battle fieldof Linden 3 bitterly "that the final ebbing of his C l blood was not for his own loved land of Erin" and who can not but deplore that the Ti™„ O'Hagan of Tullahogue was not takinfh seat on the Irish woolsack in College Green! So exceedingly puzzling, it appears, to th„ British ntnnd is the creation of this Catlnr Peerage that the following has been published' -"Receipt for the pronunciation of 'Tulk hogue.'—Imagine it is a French word p nounce the word Tulle: every woman wk wears a petticoat can do that. Pronounce tZ word La Hogue: every cabin-boy in the navv can do that. Pronounce the two together • and lo ! another Irish difficulty disappears." well for the Britishers, but for the M Tullaghoge, i.e., the Hill of the YouthTh the inauguration place of the O'Neills when they were the foremost Princes of the Irish blood royal, and is a small village three miles from Stewartstown, Co. Tyrone. We may not yet despair of a Tipperary title—the "Hillof the Boys," Cnocan-na- mboiicltaillidhe—l parish of Youghalarra. CAN ANYONE TELL who Mr. Robert. Forster member of the Sydney Legislative Assembly! of N. S. W., may be ? He could not vote against a DIVORCE BILL, because, forsooth, "the Roman Catholics had no right to withstand the wishes of a Protestant community." Heap, pears to be a Catholic, but we never heard be. fore that it is right to do wrong because a Pro. testant community wished it. Ccrtcs, M Robert Forster, your legislative wisdom must be appreciated where that bletherin' calf Buchanan roars, and Parkes raises ghosts. No wonder that Mr. Forster finds fault with Cathelio journalists for exposing the brutal ruffianism of Buchanan and the sham Protestantism of Parkes, when he will submit to everything a Protestant majority may please to dictate. We hope that none of our readers will confound this foolish Forster with Mr. William Forster, whilom Chief Secretary of N. S. W., and who, Protestant gentleman that he is, would never bow the neck or bend the knee to tlie tribe who worship Parkes and deify Buchanan—even if they were a majority. MR. W. K. FUBLONG'S THIRD COXCERT.- Mr. Furlong has issued an admirable programme for his pupils' third concert, and besides a chorus of forty voices, he has assigned the several parts to ladies and gentlemen several of whom are favourably known from then- successful efforts at previous entertainments of the kind. Such entertainments as Mr. Furlong usually provides are really worthy of the patronage of the public; and it seems to us from the particulars announced that the one to be given on Thursday evening, September 22nd, will be superior to those which have preceded it. We perceive that with the kind permission of the President! the Bev. G. V. Barry, St. Francis' Brass Band, under the leadership of Mr. Stoneham, -will take part in the entertainment, and will perform the March from "Faust," which, each time it waa repeated at the Theatre • Royal during the two opera seasons was loudly applauded. A WHOLESOME EXAMPLE.—A decision worthy of imitation was given at the City Court on Monday, in the case of a young vagabond named William Roberts,, otherwise David Allen, who was convicted of attempting to rob a drunken man. The prisoner, though only a young man, had been convicted innumerable times, and wis only prevented from committing the robbery by the pluck of a Mr. Pain, who lived in Leicester street, Carlton, near where the robbery was at" tempted, and who captured and held Roberts till the police arrived, in spite of the threats of several bad characters by whom : he was. snr« rounded. The Bench sentenced the prisoner to two years' imprisonment, which is the full penalty allowed by the Vagrant Act. THE WAR IN FLJI.—"The war," writes the Fiji Thnes,' " still continues among the SamoanS as fierce as ever. The old chief's party is the strongest, though thus far the young chief (» pupil,of the.missionaries) and his party have been most successful in' recent engagements. The war has paralyzed trade in Samoa, and its end. cannot be predicted," ' BRUTAL CRUELTY. —Another brutal act OF cruelty to' animals' is reported by the M. andD, Advertiser; which says:—" A most : malicious act was penetrated on a bull, the property ol Hole Bros!", Bet Beti on Wednesday. Some fiend in human shape struck the animal wti 1 an axe 1 -between the elhbiild6rs, separating blade, and'leaving a gap of -Sim or .Gin. in lengtH and depth. , .The wound.gpt fly-blown, and tw poor animal, thouj^i .still aliye, Js in and^ttflferihg. tVheri the wound'was dressed W poor brute bellowed piteously. It is a pity tn| vile perpetrator could not'be over to justice." 