THE MODERN SODOM. IT is two thousand years ago (says the Examiner) since a poet who wrote elegant Latin, and was a cleanly living gentleman for that age, writing to his friend and patron, contrasted the innocence of rural life with the viciousness of existence in the capital. More than enough has come down to us to show that the comparison of the novelist was as just as it was vivid. Amid the peaceful solitude of his Campanian farmstead, he pictured to himself the bestial orgies of the great city he had but recently quitted, and thanked the gods that enabled a virtuous citizen to fly from the hideous riot of a Rome already, debauched to the calm propriety and simple pleasures of the country, Horace and his protector are classic ghosts, but the application of his parable—changing only the time and place —is as apt this moment as in that ancient hour in which it was made. It is the fate of all great cities to be as supreme in vice as in everything else that marks their pre-eminence, and to generate guilt as well as grandeur. Babylon was the antetype of Rome, and as Rome was in the days of the satirist, appears to be the London of today. It would be hard to say whether was anything of grossness or brutal excess in the home of Nero and Heliogabalus that has not its parallel in the capital of Victoria—model woman and monarch though she be. Roman society at its wickedest and most blasé period shrank at domestic atrocities and lacked forms of criminal indulgence which only modern civilisation and inventiveness could perpetrate and enjoy. The parallel would be disagreeable for too close a pursuit, but it may be said that social corruption in London does not seem, any more than an antetype, to be confined to the low and uneducated classes, judging from the frequent exhibitions in which it is given to us to admire how very plebeian in vice your patrician can become, and how poor a symbol of manly virtue and exalted conduct the coronet may be. Within the past few weeks the world has been appalled and disgusted by certain revelations of the London police courts. Now, it is a number of young men belonging to the " upper circles" who are charged with an offence which is inscribed in the category of unmentionable crimes. Whilst yet this cause is before the public, the police light upon a murderous haunt, one, it is reasonably supposed, of many establishments where a flourishing business is carried on in the destruction of infant life. At the same time that this discovery is made, the courts are oc- cupied with the investigation of an alleged infamous conspiracy for the ruin of an innocent girl—no clumsy outrage by drunken roughs, but an elaborate plot in which, if the published account be true, science has been suborned to the service of the violator. And these instances of abnormal and unnatural offences, while they afford no indication of the extent to which the practices of which they form the detected portion are prevalent, are altogether independent of the numberless deeds of darkness and horror which complete the varied and dismal catalogue of metropolitan crime. The chief city of a kingdom has been said to be the face of the nation, on which the physiognomist traces the passions that possess it at the core. It is a terrible study, the hideous face of social London. It is a subject for grave and sad thought—this spectacle of the highest material development, joined to the depth of moral debasement; of that luxury to which wealth and progress entitle themselves, brutalised by licentiousness— in a word, of these elements which make and which prove a country prosperous and powerful, working in dangerous association with those elements which are the sure destruction of national prosperity and greatness. 