CHAl'TEi: II. The conventional bull never exhibited half the anger at the sight of the conven tional red rag, as did Skumfendidel when ever Mr. I'uuisev Spriggins appeared before j his eyes. The said Rumsey fcjpriggins was one of that deluded section of the class known as soft-goods-iuen, who strive to show the outside world what imposing, military-looking, fascinating gentlemen they arc: whereas the outside world frequently considers them particularly soft, not only iii goods, but all over. The said Rumsey, although having all the weaknesses of the weakest of his tribe, being stout, wearing bobtail coats and long dundreary whiskers, tnldictcd to striped ami large - patterned garments, vivid neckties, brilliant shirt-studs, ami huge watch-appendages, nevertheless aspired to l>e rated above the average soft-goods man, deemed himself a splendid performer ou the cornopean, affected iwetry, made great exertions therewith at elocution meet ings, aimed at the romantic in life (whatever that may lie), and, finally, was madly in love with plump littleOrettel Skumfcudidel. Skumfendidel was the sole existing lav to their happiness, for Mr. Spriggina had in* sinuated Tiimsplf into Hie good graces oE all the womenkind connected with the Skum fendidel establishment. He claimed some kind of relataonship with Mrs. Skomfeudidel through their common ancestor Brian Bora, averting that the Spriggins family were originally the famous Irisn sprig-of-shilldah people, having removed to the could-hearted English Isle some tiro or three hundred years ago. Notwithstanding that this scion of the illustrious race was a pure-bred Cockney, the good lady, with all the impulsiveness of her nation, disdained to notice such a trifling anomaly, and despite her husband's opposi tion encouraged him to the utmost of her power. Skumfendidel's sister likewise favoured the ardent youth, so that the unreasonable opposition of Skumfendidel alone prevented open courtship, if not actual marriage. The bibnlouB propensities of his desired father-in-law were great advantages to Rumsey, for while the parent wasted his time at a public-house, the lover was sure to be found in the family circle taking proper care of the daughter, and making himself generally agreeable. Christmas E\\-c promised to prove an ex ception to this satisfactory rule, for, the young people concluded, doubtless Father would remain at home. A meeting at Grettel's window was a desperate resolve, because to gain this window the tanyard must be crossed, and the said tanyara was guarded by a very ferocious bulldog, famed for his fighting qualities, and let loose ever}' night with a. special view to their display should occasion oflcr. It was not at all likely, Mr. Spriggins thought sorrowfull)', that Skuin feudidel would go drinking on Christinas Eve. Grettcl:s auut was coming with her three daughters, and a huge Christmas tree had been prepared in true German fashion. He could not exist without seeing her, even for a single evening, and with such con soling reflections as that faint heart never won fair lady, you won't succeed if you don't try, Rumsey Sprigging took his way to the double-storey house he knew so well, with the full determination to see Grettelor perish in the attempt, and provided with a strata gem whereby to circumvent the bulldog. He reached Skumfendidel's abode, and lingered wistfully in front; but the door was shut, and no Crettel could be seen in the front garden. He waited longer, for a bull dog is a nasty animal at night, and does not improve on close acquaintance. An occasional howl from the brute flung up to the moon, as if her shining were a direct insult to the canine faculty, convinced Mr. Spriggius that a little further delay would be expedient. Voices sounded merrily within. No doubt that horrible old beast had renuiined- why could not he go and get drunk on Christmas Eve as well as the other nights of the year t Asking himself this question, Rumsey, with many a sigh, knowing that, in the circum stances, the front door was impassable, i»re parcd to visit his beloved by way of the tanyard. Seeing your sweetheart is gene rally a pleasant operation, but the presence of a big bulldog seriously interferes with eniovment. Mr. Spriggins walked slowly away from the front palings, looking back every alter nate second. Loping to see a white dress gleam in the moonshine, and very reluc tantly turned the corner. Peering between the tanyard fence, he distinctly saw the ugly, deep-jowlcd beast slinking round the place as if in search of adventures. There was little fear of interruption, for :i tanyard presents no particular object of interest to ordinary passers-!)}-; so, with many a curse at Skuinfendidel's dawning teetotal prin ciples, he unpocketed a dark-lantern, and lit it. keeping the bull's-eye carefully shaded till the propter moment. The next opera tion was to clamber on to the fence, while the dog was at the opposite side of the yard. His proposed stratagem was to deceive the dog by assuming the api>earance of some nondescript creature, anil then, taking advantage of the animal's hesitation, rush across the yard to Grettel's window. Imagine a rather stout young man arrayed in tight-fitting clothes, seated on a gum-post nervously binding a dark lantern to liis best drab * . bell-topper.'" and you have the position of affairsas Mr. Sprigging, takingofl'theshade, Hashed the light about like a comet come to ground, and convulsively dropped on a heap of gritted wattle-bark. Among the various absurdities incidental to preliminary drill, there is one position an cspecial favourite of instructors, conducive to much back-aching and calf-stretching where the aspiring volunteer is requested to touch his toes with the tips of his lingers by bending gracefully forward and extending his anus downwards till the desired end is gained. This was the exact posture assumed by Mr. .Spriggins the moment he stood within the tanyard-his back bent to an uncomfort able angle, his aims stretched toward his toes, his painfully-distended trousers forming a half balloon above, and the lantern shining forth in front of his hat with all the vivid ness that a patent reflector could give. At the first onward move the dog came growling up, showing an unprepossessing row of teeth, evidently expecting to pin somelwdy neatly by the leg. " Oh Lord ! what a monster!" thought Kumsey, in grievous fright, " Tin in for it!"' and, perspiring freely (for the night was warm), he took another step forward des perately, wishing himself anywhere else, and swearing at Skiunfendidel with all the unction of a bullock-driver. His enemy started back, surprised and con founded at the strange ligure: for sueh an exhibition of the ridiculous was doubtless unknown to dog-experience. Looking sideways witli an effort Mr. Spriggins could sec the animal describing circles around-cocking his tail, growling like a bear, and lifting his chaps up and down as if they were sausage-choppers ; but he seemed evidently disposed to know more of the intruder, and could not at once make up his mind for an attack. Like a wary general he waited to take advantage of any accident that might clear up the mystery. "Confound Crettel! Why didn't slie keep her appointment, and save me this cursed scrape? That beast of a dog. I'll shoot him some of these days, as sure as my name's Spriggins!" mentally remarked the unfortunate young man, rendered ungallant through circumstances, and slowly making his way past lime-pits, heaps of hides, bones, hoofs, horns, and other indispensable liasti nessei. Bound and round went the dog, slily drawing nearer, and varying the pro ceedings by a snappish bark as Rumsey. screwing his eyes to one side, stumbled over a stone and nearly fell down. I He now felt the disadvantage of l»eing stout. It was all very well to measure so many inches (of fat) round the chest; I it had been gratifying to turn up his , shirt sleeves and point in an impressive , manner to the diameter of his arms : but j even a thin man could not remain stooping for 20 minutes with comfort; whereas Mr. spriggins iu<w suffered so much from per- : spircitioi>, ache, and the fear of apoplexy, that inquisitorial cunning could never have devised a condition of worse torment. Per haps the dog would not bite so hard after all: (Oh, my back !) Perhaps he could be dodged. (Oh, my legs!) Perhaps he might be dazzled with the lantern. (Oh, my head !) liut what if the dog should lie mad-very possible in this hot weather. Therefore Mr. Spriggins kept his excruciating position, and gasped joyfully when Grettel's window appeared only a few paces further on. Really the dog promised to justify these suspicions of insanity, for he had become quite frantic between the desire to rush at Mr. Spriggins and the necessity of keeping at a safe distance from such a monstrosity. Never had dog I teen so completely outwitted. There was the window, she would soon make the Ijeast desist, aud this fearful strain would then be over! A few moments more shuffling and he readied the window. Alas! for Sir. Spriggins. no one replied to his hoarse whisper of "Grettel! Grettel!" She wasn't there ! At this prccisc juncture a clear female voice sounding from the front garden far to the right, pleasantly Iinmmed a few bars of music. Grettel's voice, there could be iw rnUtake! It was u.a use trying to see her, because a six-feet cloBe paling-fence separated the tanyard -where Mr. Spriggins perspired from that small front garden where Grettel ^sang so sweetly. He listened for a moment, the music came nearer, then sounded farther . away-she was evidently walking up add! down waiting for somebody. Could he have mistaken the hour appointed? Appalled by this fresh idea, which rapidly assumed the condition of a lamented "fact, Mr. Bumsey Spriggins, forgetting his watchful enemy, and unable to Bear the miseries of his position any longer, stood bolt upright and ran towards the garden. "Grettel, dear Grettel, I am here!" The dog venturing a terrific growl, made swift pursuit, and just fls Mr. Spriggins remembered the state of aft airs, and resumed his stooping posture, caught him by a con veniently bulging part of his anatomy, and firmly held on by the teeth. "Oh Lord i oh! Grefctel, Grettel, help me." "What's the matter?*' asks Grettel, alarmed, and standing on a rail she sees her wretched lover struggling in the clutch of her father's bull-dog, and apparently wearing a hat in flames. "Oh, call him off! Oh, call him off, dear Grettel. Oh! oh!" " Down, Grim; down, Sir, down, you bad dog," Grettel cries. Mr. Spriggins gives a sudden wrench. There is a ripping sound among his garments as he reaches the fence, and manages to scramble to the top. Before descending to the other side he casts a terrified glance backward, and learns the unpleasant fact that the dog is contentedly worrying a piece of stuff, I>earing strong marks of having been recently tottft from certain small clothes. "Oh, Grettel!'' Mr. Bumsey Spriggins says reproachfully, " why weren't you here at the time "At the time?" she replies, wondering what can have happened. " At the time ?' Why it's only half-past S now. I've been waiting for you some minutes; didn't you hear me singing ?" Heard her singing! Could be forget it ? " Half-past! Why, you don't mean to say " "Yes, half-past S, Sir, was the time we fixed, to make certain that father was going to stay out; for (rather sadly) you know if he's out so long he never comes home before the public-house closes." "Well, if 1 didn't think we appointed 8. I am an ass !" Without venturing to controvert this con clusion, she asked what had happened, and laughed, it must be added, in the heartiest and winsoinest way possible when he told her. "Take off that lantern and come in, dear Rurnsey." Any young man appreciates tender titles applied to himself by a pretty girL It was also gratifying to shy the lantern over into the tanyard ; but what can compensate for the hidden agony of dilax>i dated garments? "I think 111 go home first." he replies, mournfully. I've-I've-the fact is-ar I've torn my clothes with that confounded dog!" "Oil bother your clothes ! I told them you were coming. Hiere's aunt, with her three gills, my cousins, you know-'G usta, Mina, and Julie-and we've got such a beautiful Christmas tree ! Father will have it-Weinacht's-baum. as he calls it-thr>" mother don't care much ; and the girls are nearly crazy with delight. Hark!" And as if to say she told the truth, a treble cliime of laughter came echoing down from the sitting-room, and on the window-blinds above sundry shadows were dancing about like ghosts in a magic lantern. He could not make further resistance, and in a minute or two was upstairs whisper ing soft things to Gretta, shaking hands with ;Gusta. Mina, and Julie, winning the good graces of Grettel's mother and Frau Drei kinder, Grettel's aunt; and while care fully facing the company, admiring the Christmas tree which stood up greenly, covered with blazing candles, confections, nick-nacks, and elegant little presents. This Christmas tree is a graceful custom which English folk might well borrow from the Fatherland. It teaches so tenderly and simply the blessedness of giving; and, better far, brings home to the children the holy Christmas-Tide when earth received her best gift from Heaven. l'.at, tat, tat! a thundering knock at the hall door- a noise of hurried steps along the passage and up the stairs. " Och ! mee choild !" distractedly sobs Mrs. fikumfendidel to G retted, " 'tis that blackguard yer father! 'tis yet brother, ma'am," she continues, addressing Grettel's atmt. Grettel's aunt is a stolid old lady who says little, ishe comprehends the position, however, and pointing to Mr. Spriggins, who logins to feel nervous, says-" I>e door." *' Wh-what?" he asks. "Qvick! de door behindt.'' "Oh yes, Ruinsey," Grettel adds, "the door-get l>el\ind the door; make haste, make haste; here's father.'" And just as he is ensconced there, Skuui fendidel himself rushes in without a hat, pale, out of breath, pulling-silent for a mraute or two, and then, clasping his hands, yells " Der Tod! der Tod!" and sinks exhausted into a chair. "Och! toads, toads," his wife exclaims, casting apprehensive glances towards the door. "1 hate the bastes;" and up she jumps u]K>n the sofa, holding her skirts ancle-high. Mr. Kumsey Spriggins, behind the door, has visions of a phantom toad pursuing his won't-be father-in-law without stretched wings, and leaving that worthy for another person, after descoveringan unprotected part whereon to exercise phlebotomy: in the cir cumstances. however, he says nothing about it. " Ach. voiiiaii: nioht dat, not dat " Woman yoself." begins Mrs. Skuuifen didcl, bristling; "Woman, indadc. I'oor iskumfeiididel groans, and hiding lus face in his hands, continues, " I hef killdt a man."' A general shriek from the young ladies incredulity expressed by the old ones-a short pause 011 their part, lilled up by the confessed murderer as follows " L hef killdt a man. Slu.oted him dot! Ach '. Gott'. vot shall 1 do V 1 have killdt a man! Ach. ach. a-h." tiuishing with a remorseful howl. Mrs, tfkumfendidel. assured In' this time that toads are not in «.j;;e5tion. gets dou n from the sofa, and says confidently " "Tis the blue divils again. I'ufortu nate crathure 1 am to be surved in this "Acli. Grettel." moans Jskuuifendidel, Looking round for sympathy, " 1 hef killdt a man ; I hef killdt a man : unt <Lue iat yure aunt. Mein (iott! vat shall 1 do": l>ey vill huuir me! I"nt vare mill de ledder lie kon! Ach": ach!" Tears tricklcd through his lingers as he said this; he seemed to feel so deeply for the leather; but (xrettel's aunt, as beiore remarked. was a person of little svcech. and small talkers are oftentimes big doers. This ladj- ar<«se solemnly, with features speaking unmitigated contempt, stalked over to where her weeping brother rocked himself backward and forward despair ingly, and gently parting his hands, wrung his nose smartly, and went back to her seat. " Vot for you do dat "i" iSkumfciulidcl roared: " vot for you do dat ?" "Vot for you plue tettils*:" Grettel's aunt retorted, disdaining further conversation. " Father!'' interposed Grettel, reprt>acli fully, " you might have kept sober on Christmas Eve. when you knew we all wanted you !"' " Mein schildt," he piteously returns. " I cm sopcrer ess you !" This protest had no cfl'ect whatever ; every one there considered him in a state of violent ibUrhtin freni>-m, and quite incapable of knowing anything. He longed to be trebly drunk again: Mr. Ilumsey Sprigging behind the door wished himself behind any other door, for, as he calculated, he had cscaped the dog, perhaps to encounter a raving maniac. What if this drunken wretch shouid want the door shut, and then make an onslaught! It was evident a fancy possessed the old beast as regarded killing a malt! What if he lis ! seca Lira through the dual, as he came in, and was acfcine Mme'dwaAful picfie of faig® !<mporp6Be to ig«ta<3»anoe^*0-7--,; ^ 'Rterc is no knowing how afiairawowa -bate ended if a tramp of feet Ma tte singing of a chorus had not sounded nigu tfll nigliRT-till all could hear "Old John Brown lies moulderingin bis grave; Old John Brown lies mouldering in te grave ; Old John Brown lies mouldering in Ins grave, But his soul is marching on." ^ Then a M* was made right opposite the house, the chorus being repeated -with great vigour and discord. lOie effect of this innocent music on Skumfendidel was startling. "Mein Gott!" he dineks, " YonPrown! Yon Prawn! datfs him! dat's liim!" " Pyimp along you fcllowe, bawls a ,1* and sharp voicebelow, "Come along, well ferret him ont!" A noise of. many feet 011 the staircase, a clash of arms-shuffling-suppressed titter ing and talking; lastly, the tigure in all its amplitude of Podgkinson in the doorway. Sknmfendidel'sfaoe looks like a mash of mulberries as he gasps, " Von Prown! 1 on Prows* Acli! meinGott! Dat's ins geist. Himmel! vot shall I do?'' He darts away from the terrifying object, and dashes at a window with the full intention of throwing himself out, when Ramsey Spriggins, unable to endure any longer, runs from behind the door, pins the would-be suicide round the body, and holds him as he kicks and me go! Lcfe off! Ach Himmel! It's Yon Prown kom fur me to de Teifcl!" "Kot if I know it, my friend.'' coolly remarks Podgldnson, stepping forw ard, " not as yet consigned to those regions wherein your mental obliquity would place me perhaps, because not dead yet." The women, though not understanding events, were comforted by the sight of half a dozen volunteers who had followed Podg kinson, and were raising such a volume of laughter 'as could only have pure fun for a foundation. . "Hallo! Podgkiiison!" cries Mr. Sling gins, looking round, " is that you ? What's the row T " Oh ! 110 row! no row - only my German friend there is under the impression he's shot me - that's alL ' " Kicht shoot! nicht shooted! ach Himmel! ah-a-h, vot glad I am. Yon Prown, you not a geist.' eh? eh? *erj doubtfully. 1*1 "Ah! my dear fellow, do I look like one?" "MeinGott. Ko more you does! Ach! I am plees. 1 taut you vas shoot, Von Prown." " , "John Brown! this isn't John Brown; this is my chum Mr. Podgkinson, of the Bank," from Mr. Spriggins. " Vot? vot*;" and again Skumfendidel gets bewildered. His perplexity is very enjoy able. but Podgkinson feels things may be carried a little too far, and says " Let me explain, ladies; pray l>e seated. Ah, no cause for alarm, it is only a little ! joke we have played of!" 011 Mr. Skum- ? lendidel. Come you fellows, come in, don't be bashful." The speaker is certainly many degrees removed from that dire aflliction, as he relates to his auditors, with much unction, the story of the duel and how Skunifendidel bad been befooled, llather more seriously, he adds, as the merriment subsides "I really don't see-ah-why a man shouldn't en joy rightly a social glass. I am no advocate of teetotalism; but neither can I understand why any man should Iks such an ass as to abuse what may lie-ah-a blessing and turn it into a curse. Perhaps our friend may benefit by the adventure, and reflect that if- all-Nature had intended nic-11 to wallow in uastiness she would not have made swine!" r ... , " Mr. Bodgkcensohn, says bkuiufendidel forcibly and earnestly. " I will tutfer get trunk no more; neiier 110 more, so help me mein Gott. Ach, ach, vot a fool I ef peen.*' He turns suddenly 011 Mr. Spng^ms, rather to that hero's discomfiture, "ii-romsey, you hef safe my life jus now, or 1 should lief pcen out of de vinduw. Never mind vot I tid ! you shall have llretteL " You're an-nu angel, sir," Kumsey replies, transported with joy. while Grettel blushes rosily, and draws nearer to her " Ycntlemen,"' that worthy says next, "ventlemen, you an; velcum; let us keep Weiiiaehten - Christinas Kve-together ! Hurra for de Christmas Tree There is 110 need- to iveovd. anything fur ther, save that they <.<',/ keep Christmas Eve together in a way that Christmas Jiive is seldom kept There was dancing, and singing, and playing, and sweetheartuig, and all the nicest things you can possibly imagine. , . , ... So, after all, Christinas Lve with f>kuui fendidel ended as all Christmas lives should do-merrily, happily, and lovingly. U. 