î BILLIARDS. ; THE MATCH FOB THE CHAMPIONSHIP. j Î Although after tho match had been ratified mari)- looked upc the result as a hollow affair for Cook, it nevertheless began fro; the outset to excito the most lively interest especially in Tu circles, and so brisk was the demand for tickets, of which 600 wei originally Issued at £1 each, that the players eventually engage the large room at St James's Hall They were thus enabled to fin accommodation for another three hundred, and yet from tho coo mencement of the week no tickets have been obtainable from th advertised sources, and enterprising speculators who bought up tw Or three dozen with the view of making a profit were enabled t oommand war prices. In tact, it no sooner oozed out that th Prlnco of Wales would witness the match than the tickets even fo the back seats rose a hundred per cent in value, and, incredible a it may seem, wo saw £5 given yesterday for a place in the fron row commanding an uninterrupted view of the spot hazard, whfl many similar instances have reached us. Tho earliest odds laid oi Cook were 5 to 2 ; but after Roberta had cleverly vanquished Hen nett at the Prince of Walea's Club, with the spot stroko barred the price fell to 0 to 4, and 0 to 4 was accepted in some quarters a the beginning of the week,' in consequence of Cook having come of second best in more than one of his late cxhib Ition matches. Constant travelling, however, alone caused the temporary decadence in play and suet brilliant execution did Cook show on Thursday at thc victoria Club in throe games of 500 up, conceding an accomplished »raateur 150 points, thal his warmer partisans were loud in theil praises, and once more tho betting ruled at 2 to 1 against Roberts, with the praiseworthy object of leaving no atone unturned to re Mn his proud position as champion cueist, the latter has taken ¿he greatest care of himself sine» the signing of articles,, and ho lertainly acted wisely in taking up his quarters for a month nt bennington Oval. Tho plan of the hall was left to the entire superintendence of Mr lustln, of the booking office, and although, with SOO people anxious o obtain tho clearest view of tho billiard table, some wero dis atisfied with their seats, the arrangements could scarcely have reen excelled. From seven o'clock the ball began to fill, and as ,he minutes drew nigh for tho fixed hour of commencement-eight -seats were taken with a really astonishing absence of confusion. IVhen the opponents made their appearance at 8*15 they were re- lived with some enthusiastic cheering, which had barely ceased jefore Dufton commenced a brief address, und although some iprttons of his romarks tickled tho risible faculties of tho audience, us primary objects were to announce an interval of a quarter of in hour at the completion of the sixth hundred, and to remind the reritlcmen. of Um difficulty likely to arise In the regaining of seats. The company, tho Uko of which had never been seen previously In this or any other country, included'tho élite of town society, anda treat majority of the leading Turf bookmakers. Joseph Bennett laving been readily agreed to by both parties as referee, the bails frere broke at 8'27, previous to which one of the lerintliians of tho Ring offered to take 200 to loo that no one named the winner, and t was not until the game had opened that we saw " two ponies" aid by one of Cook's fondest admirers.B Whether from the material iiffcrence In the size of the pockets, or any anxiety which either nan might easily feel at such a critical period, both opened the Jail with unusual tameness, and thus neither had reached his first ifty when the Prince of Wales quietly took possession of lils box it hair-past eight punctually. The heir apparent was attended by Toi Keppel, and the other occupants of tho royal box were the Bari >f Leicester, Mr Sumner, Mr G. Russell, Hon Oliver Montague, ind Hon Mr Arundel, lord Dudley, Colonel Farquharson of Innes, and a host of other notabilities were also present. Í With at least two-thirds of the company smdking, tho atmos- phere soon became painfully close and opprcsive ; and what with the anxiety for her youthful husband's victory, to say nothing of the stifling temperature, Mrs Cook, who sat in the space railed off lor the families of the representatives, must have experienced, we Ihink, a very trying time. . I THE GAME. ) At twenty-seven minutes past eight, the balls having been pre- ciously weighed by Mr Cox. the players strung for break, tho ovent being gained by Cook, who, of course, sent his opponent to tho ?cratch, and after a double miss on both sides the Champion by a succession of all-round play, including some magnificent cannons, made 22 ero he broke down at a red loser in the left hand middle pocket. ? Cook did not score ; and his opponent following with a lim Uar result, the former made S, but failed at a red leser and let Roberts In. The latter now obtained five, after which the young-un commencing with a red loser, ron up a pretty lo. Roberts made 3, ind failed to score a cannon, bis opponent going on without a result; a cannon was the Champion's next contribution, and agaiu Cook failed to add to his score. Roberts now put together a brilliantly-played 10, when he missed a screw cannon ; and his opponent pulling himself together, obtained position for the spot, but unfortunately at his second essay made a foul stroke, the rest coming in contact with hil opponent's* baU. Roberts, however, only made three: and now Cook got in with an all-round break of 97, including seven successive cannons ; and the score being now Roberts 58, Cook 04, thc former made 7, and his opponent 12, whereby he obtained his first 100 in 18 minutes. Roberts foiled to bring off a red loser, and Cook once more getting in put together a carefully-played 18 ere he came to grief at a white loser in tho top right- hand pocket. Roberts now pulled up with a splendid break af 20, Including some brilliant red losing hazards, and then he let Cook in, who only managed a cannon, itoberts, although ho made % cannon which fairly brought donn the house, could do no more md a snccesion of non-scoring took place ero Cook got in again, when, having made a red loser, he obtained position for thc spot, but broke down at thc sixth, leaving the red right over the pocket. Roberts, however, failed to make a cannon, and there was now a slight lull in the game. With the score, Cook 151, Roberts 88, the latter mado a careful 10 ere he failed at a double event-rod winner ind a cannon. Cook only made 7, when he missed a red winner, leaving the boll on tho brink of the pocket Roberts obtained 9 by three red losers, and then broke down at a cannon, the game being called-Cook 158, Roberts lia. Tho former now ran up 17 by a succession of cannons, breaking down at the eighth, and Roberts added 7, when lie came to grief at a cannon. Tho young-un old not score, and Roberts, commencing with a white loser, mode a splendid cannon, bringing tho red out of baulk, but broke down at his next stroke. Cook having made half a score, failed at a red loser, leaving his own boll closo on the bottom right band pocket ; Roberts having potted his opponent played for donblo baulk, and Unking the red gave a miss. Cook did not add anything, and Roberts having made half a score, the younger player obtained 0, and thc gamo was called-Roberts 140, Cook 100. The veteran, by some good all-round cannons at 150 obtained position for the spot, but only gained Ute stroke twice ; he, however, followed on with a cannon, and leaving the red on the pocket scored a red winner, and missed a cannon. Again there was a lull in the game, but the score having reached to Cook 203, Roberts 171, tho former by some pretty, but careful hazards, run up 21, hut failing, let in the veteran; the latter, however, only obtained two hazards, and Cook then put together 0. Roberts then having made 7, potted his opponent, and gave a miss. With tile gamo, Roberts 157, Cook 241, the former went on and made 34 (including 3 five-strokes and 5 spots), when he broke down at a red winner and cannon, leaving the red over tho top right-hand pocket. Cook, however, attempted a white loser and failed the play again falling off a bit. The score being Itoberts, 220, Cook 249, the former got together a brilliant 1(1, breaking down at a can- non when only two points behind Cook, who, however, went away again with a very pretty and careful 38, including sonic brilliant red losers, each of which was received with greatapplauso from the spectators. Safety was now the order of the day, nothing being done until tho game was called-Roberts 250, Cook 200, when the latter made 12, and broke down at a red loser. Roberts now run up 10 in lils old stylo ere he let Cook in ; commencing with a brilliant cannon, the latter increased his scoro by 21, und carno to grief at tho spot. Roberts did not score, and Cook only made a cannon : after which tho veteran made 0, breaking down at lils third spot, his opponent after scoring a winning hazard and gain- ing position for tho spot, doing thc same. Tho Champion only mude 5, when he carno to grief, and leaving tile balls, tho younger player took advantage of his opponent, making 22, gained by all-round play, ere hu failed to score a red loser. Both players having failed to make anything, Roberts patted his opponent's . ball, but playing carlessly for the double baulk left both balls out. Neither again scored, and Cook going on ran up 1(3 ere he mulled a cannon lu thc ton left-hand corner, the score being- Roberts Stu, Cook 300. Tlioold-un now got together a Uno played 30, when he failed at thc second spot, and bis opponent commencing with a red loser, answered to tho calls ot his supporters with a loudly-applauded and careful 28, when ho failed at' a white loser, leaving the whlto on the brink of the top left-hand pocket ; Roberts potted his opponent and left u double baulk. Cook did not score, and tho Champion brought down tho house- with a magnificent cannon. Again Cook added nothing; after which Roberts increased his numbers by a Ono all-round 14 ero he came to grief at a cannon. The gamo befng called-Roberts 350, Cook ¡ 302, the latter put together 23 ere he had herd lines withacannon, missing it by a hair's breadth. - A pretty and well- earned 28 was tho Champion's neut contribution, when ho foiled at thc »put hozard. leaving the red over tho left-hand pocket. Cook non- lcd off with a red winner, and auguicntodllds score by 20 ere he broko down with a red winner in tho right-hand middle pocket. Roberts following put together 20, and accident- ally potting the white attempted a double baulk, luit left thc red out, and, Cook not scoring, the veteran added another 13, when ho'let his opponent in. The latter how- ever, missed a cannon by a hairs breadth, and tho Champion f having madu Ü, a uon-scoro on both sides followed. Cook now made 2, and failed to bring on* the spot, leaving tho red hanging on the brink of the top right-hand pocket. Roberts followed with haifa score, and a lull lu thoployoccurred, both players repeatedly missing some very near things. With the score -Cook 450, Itoberts 433, tho former made 9 and left a double baulk, and, Roberto not Bcorint;, snpplemenUd lt with another 13, missing his second fpot. Tho Champion uuw got In with M (eoven OUCCCISIYC cannon:), and Cook not «coting, brought down tho houso willi a fine red winner and cannon, but failed at « cannon immediately afterwords. Small scores from both brought tho total up to-Cook 487, Roberts 4S8. Tho latter mado 8, followed ono less fremhisopponent, who madoa vory mild attempt at a spot Tho voteran now, by tho aid of -2, got up to within 2 of Cook, and left a double baulk, and the latte» giving a miss made 3, and took tho lead. At tills point «00 to 4W would have been taken in several places, but Cook getting in once moro, again took foremost position with a break of 14 and a 7 from Roberts, and a miss from both brought tho scoro up to-Cook 500,Roberts 504. An S from Cook and IÏ from the vetoran were next called, and the latter having left tho balls safe. Cook gavo a miss, tho marker, amidst great excitement, culling tho game .ilv all- A non-scoro from Roberts and cannon by Cook wero followed by a non-contribution from tho olo-un. Cook then made 7, nnd lils opponent then missing, brought down tho houso with two cannons, and again let Itoborts in ; the latter, however, only mado 3, and Cook put together a pretty and very useful 40, finishing up with an easily made miss in baulk. Roberts did not score, nnd tho younger man then ran up another all round 42, and time being i .10:47, and the gamo-Roberta 621, Cook 025, an adjournment was made for thc interval. ' ' At 11:17 play was resumed by Roberts, who, however, only made a cannon, followed by a 4 from Cook, who had very hard lines with a cannon. After a 10 from Roberts, who left a double baulk, Cook made nothing, while o 3 from Roberts and a miss from Cook brought tho scoro up to-Cook 041, Roberts 610. The lattor did not score, and Cook gave a miss ; after which, his opponent again not adding anything, tho young-un put together 18, failing at a red loser Again Roberts made nothing, and Cook having obtained six, failed at a white loser, leaving his ball on the pockot. Thc Champion put him down, and missed a red winner ; after which Cook not scoring, he made a quiet 7 ere holet tho young-un in. Tho latter now had miserable luck with a cannon, and Roberts just missing a white loser, once more failed to score. The Champion then, by tho aid of some brilliant cannons, made 17, and for thc fourth timo in i succession Cook added nothing to his score. The next contribution was one of 8 from Roberts, who made a doublo baulk, and Cook making a miss cue thc old-un gota red hazard, and let tho younger player in. Cook, by the aid of some brilliant cannons and hazards, ran up 27 ero he missed a white loser, and let tho Champion in. The iatter, who elicited a round of applause for a beautiful red winner, íowevcr, only mado ll, when ho just missed a cannon, and Cook made 7. Roberts did not scoro, and only made 4, after which the former obtained a careful seven, and missed a red loser in the top left-hand pocket. Cook started with a cannon, and by tho aid of some clever hazards and pretty cannons put on 80 ere he carno to grief at a red loser, the came being now-Cook 785, Roberts COO, and this thc largest and best played break of the evening. The ^champion only made 5 when he let Cook in, and tho latter quickly put together n dozen, and gave a miss in baulk, followed by a splendid cannon from Koberts, who, however, had very bad luck with his next stroko (also a cannon), and Cook getting in carefully put together 18, when ho missed a very difficult cannon, the white being covered. Tho veteran now increased his numbers by a score, and after a non-score on boin sides, Cook had a somewhat lucky .white loser after hard lines with a cannon. Roberts then opened . with a splendid cannon, but after making 12 let Cook in, who alter ( gaining position, made 23 (three spots), and Roberts not scoring, , added 10, and broke down at tho spot. Tho score now being- , Roberts 140, Cook 850, tho former made a score and missing a , white loser, Cook mado'livo and came to grief. A non-score from , both players followed, and then tho veteran made 10, including n . fine six, breaking down at a red loser. Cook, who for thc last 30 , minutes had been playing a studied and careful game, ran up 22 . ere he failed at a red winner in tho middle red right-hand pocket, J following after which the old-un by pretty play (his red hazards , calling forth repeated applause) made 20, but Cook not scoring à difficult red loser, supplemented it with half a score ? ere he missed n cannon. Again Cook scored nothing, and , the Champion, by some all-round play, put on 47, For tho third lime Cook failed to score, and lils opponent, following on, - made 17, the score being-Cook 883, Roberts 740. After a non bcoro from each, repeated applause greeting a splendid red winner , from Roberts, the latter got 24, and, after a white winner from | Cook, added another 14. Cook did not score, and the veteran put . on 12. A succession of poor scores now took place until the , gamo was called-Roberts 804, Cook 899; when tho former, , although ho only made ll, got them in such lino style that we : must not poss lt over. Tho younger player now once more got in, and, aided by four spots, he by skilful play obtained 03, but had , very hard luck with a cannon, leaving both balls together, and ' again there was a lull. When the score was-Roberts 828, Cook j 002, the former ran up G2, but was answered by 15 from the other . side, the game at 12'50 standing-Cook 081, Roberts 892, The , next break worth noticing v.-iu not made until tho marker called " the game-Koberts 890, rJook 0S1, when the latter rattled away ¡ with a brilliant 35 (four «pots), and failing at a red loser, left his . bull in tho jaws of the top left-hand pocket, having put together ° 1000 in 3h 52min. Tho old-un, however, only turned his oppo- , nent'8 ball out and placed his own in its place. After a lull Roberts mado 39, followed by 8 only from Cook. A score from the old-un, who made a mis-cuo, followed, and his opponent, ? doing nothing, the veteran added ll. After another non-score from Cook, Roberts made 31, and another lull occurred. When tho score was-Cook 1030, Roberts 007, the lotter struck Cook's ball off the table. The aspirant now gave a miss, and no scores of fnote for a time took place ; Roberts, howovor, got in with a somewhat lucky 39, and tho marker, amidst intense excitement, proclaimed the game-Roberts 1,041, Cook 1037. Cook now mads Sj 4 to his opponent's 7, and then Cook, not to be daunted, by an *' additional contribution of 20 once moro obtained thc lead, and f. played safety. These tactics being again pursued on both sides. " Cook got in with 31, and took thereby a moro decided command. Same-Cook 1,100, Roberts 1,051. Although the breaks were ¡mall intense excitement prevailed, as Cook twice had bad luck, tho following being their respective contributions-Cook 13, 7, C : Roberts B, 0, 8, 3, 8, and tho full scoro being called-Cook 1,132. >'< Roberts 1,083, tho former went right out with a mogniflcent all- y< round break of 08, making tho winning stroke, a red loser in the left-hand middle pocket, at 1'3S the full game being-Cook 1,200, Roberts 1,083, the latter atlast, after so many years, losing his title of Champion by 117 points. The game, which was played on i table erected expressly by Cox and Yeman under tho now rules, ivas marked with tho greatest care throughout by D. Andrews. KEMAiiKh.-In tho first half-hour of the play it was as plain as i pikestaff that the game would extend considerably Into the ¡mall hours. The spot stroke, of which Roberts and Cook wore considered the masters par excellence, availed them Uttlo with the DOW pockets, and throughout the flrst 000 moderate sized breaks 3" were the rule ; indeed, Cook's contributions never exceeded 49, 42, 38, und 37, whllo Roberts was behind him with 80 and 28, very few spots being made in either of these scores. Cook soon took a D slight lead, and was 151 to Roberta's 101, whence they preserved their relations with faint variation until thc score was called Cook 400, Koberts 350. At this point the old-un, who had taken 20 to 10 and 60 to 20, gulled himself together and soon afterwards d' tho n-arker cried tho game 497 all, whereupon tho company gave way envumc to tumultuous cheering. Cook waa flrst into tho next hundred, and aplin the excitement knew no bounds when they were each at 517, but Cook now stole away with the two 81 splendid collections of 49 and 42, and when the interval came rt round, nt 10-47, the boy stood in a better position than he had c< been hitherto with 625 booked against him to 621 on the part of Roberts. During the interval loo to 40 was laid and offered on « Cook. With the résumai of play, after'an Interlude of .half-an- [< hour, they moved along pretty evenly until Cook was 701 to Ro- " boris's 593, and directly afterwards the aspirant to the champion- a ship got the balls together, and with a series of strokes (some of 81 them of the most' dclicato strength) he never stopped unti' he , í had raised his total 80 points. At the conclusion of this magnifi- cent performance the clapping of hands lasted for two or three minutes, tho Prince of Wales joining heartily in tho demonstra- tion. His royal Highness retired nt midnisht, expressing himself highly pleased with the skill exhibited by Cook ; but ho never- theless declared his Intention of not witnessing another match v except on the old-fashioned tables, as he wanted to see tho com- " pilation of tho gigantic breaks which have so often been recorded 0 of late. From 701 Cook made a century, while Roberts only " moved from 593 to OOS ; but tho latter then came out with a series , of useful scores, and got to 822 when Cook was within au ace of " making OOO ; two points to ono was hero taken. With a 03, how- ¡J ever, Cook nearly regained his long command, only to bc answered with 02 from Roberts, and at 12.60 the gamo stood-Cook 957, Roberts 802. Tho jaunty air which many think affected the " Champion in nn carly stago of thc play had quite disappeared, and ÎJ ho now strained every nerve to catch his youthful opponent; and = retain n position of 20 years' standing. With such steadiness, in " fact, did Roberts now play that, in spite of a dashing 35 from his i; adversary, he responded with two 39's, the second enabling him ' to actually get in front at 1,041, Cook now being 4 points to the ° bod. The excitement at this crisis knew no bounds, the company, scarcely diminished in numbers, being almost spell-bound at r every stroke, with the betting reduced to 6 to 4 and evens. Still, J.'l Cook's pluck did not forsake him, and while Roberts contributed ¡J' 7, and played for safety, the youngster was sailing away with 20 ?. and 31. so that when ho had reached 1,100 the old-un was ugainin " a minority of 41. Ho never stood tho ghost of a chance after- : wards, and with an uncompleted break of 08, the winning Btroke .? being a losing hazard off the red, William Cook was proclaimed the Hilliard Champion of England,by 117 points. From the late- ' DOSS of thc termination we oro compelled to draw to a hasty con- clusion ; and, congratulating Cook and sympathising with Roberts in the same breath, we can do no more than add Palmam out mentit feral. ?Hell'* Life in London. I 