TOPICS OF THE HAY. o Opening- of St. Ignatius Church, Norwood. — This event, which had been long and anxiously looked forward to by the friends of the Norwood Mission, took place on Sunday last, the Octave of the Feast of St. Ignatius, and will doubtless cause the 7th August, 1870. to be hereafter distin guished as a red-letter day in the annals of the Church in South Australia. Long before the hour appointed for the commencement of the ceremony, the chuch, which is capable of accommodating five or six hundred people, was crowded in every part. The ceremony of dedication was performed by tire Yery Eev. and Yen. Archdeacon Pus sell, Yiear- General. Several of the clery and a number of acolytes went in procession round the church." sprinkling the walls and reciting the Litany of the Saints. High Mass was then cele brated bv the Eev. C. A. Peynolds, Father Strele. S.J., officiating as Sub-Deacon, and the Eev. T. Bongaerts as Master of Ceremonies. The musical portion of the service was Henry Farmer's celebrated Mass, which was most efficiently rendered by a powerful choir, with full orchestral accompaniment, con ducted by Mr. Puttman. The sermon was preached by the Eev. Father Horan, O.S.F., from the following text The Kingdom of Heaven is like into a grain of mustard seed, which a man rook and sowed m his field, which is indeed the least of all seeds j but when it is grown it is the largest of all herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and dwell in the branches thereof.'5 (S. Matt, xiii., 31 32). By this parable, he said, Jesus described the origin, rise, and progress of the Christian Church. It was planted in Judea during His life, and after His death commenced to fling its branches over the world, so that people of all climes came to dwell therein ; for now there was scarcely a habitable spot on the globe where the branches did not reach. It was in this feature of universality that they perceived its divine origin. If it had been a worldly king dom which Jesus wished to have established, he would have chosen men to be his Apostles who from their status in society would have commanded respect and obedience wherever they went ; but lie passed by the great, the talented of Judea, the learned in the wisdom of the schools : for he knew that if he had made such a selection a wrong construction would have been put upon the formation oi His Church. It would have been said that it was the powerful instrumentality and talent which he employed for its development that caused it to take root. But J esus shut out the possibility of the slightest suggestion of this kind by employing a poor fisherman and eleven others, the weakest and obscurest individuals he could find m J udea to erect that Church, which being built upon a rock even the powers of hell could not prevail against it. He then referred to Jesus' promise to his Apostles, " to be with them all days, even to the consummation of the world,55 as the secret of the growth and vitality of the Catholic Church ; for their enlightenment was not of themselves, but owin" to His uninterrupted assistance. The sermon of Peter, when 5,000 were brought under the . influence of the Gospel, was not the production of his own brain, but the breathing and teaching of the Holy Ghost. That tree, planted 18 centuries ago, was as evergreen to-day as when it first sprouted out in the verdant land of Judea. Some of its rotten branches, it was true, had from time to time been lopped off, but the trunk still remained, and looked down in majesty at the many plants twining round its stem, and seeking to identify themselves with it. The rev. o-entleman then spoke of one of the branches of this tree having reached this country, and said most of tlie congregation would "remember the time when there were only two or three Catholic priests in this colony, who in a short time fell victims to their arduous and superhuman labors ; but each was soon replaced by another some times two: and now the parable of the mustard seed was exemplified by their having in round numbers 30 priests and 40 churches, crowded on Sundays by Catholic people, and year after year large numbers who had been under erroneous teaching came as " the birds of the air55 to seek the comfort for their souls which they could not get except in the " mustard tree55 — the only true Church. He then reminded those present of the apostolic labors of the Jesuit Fathers, and of the energy they had displayed in erecting this church for the glory of God, .and hoped that they would prove their willingness to co operate in such a noble undertaking by assisting to clear off the heavy debt which had been incurred in the building of the church and the purchase of the residence. At 6 o'clock in the evening Yespers were sung by the Eev. Father Strele, S.J., assisted by Fathers Hinterocker and Tappeiner, S.J. Eossini's Magnificat and Nereskeim's O. Salutaris, were sung by a full choir with instrumental accompaniments. By no means the least beautiful portion of the service, however, was the Spanish Litany. The music of this Litany is comparatively simple, but there is a grandeur and sublimity in it which renders it well suited for such a devotion as the Litany of Loretto. A very eloquent and appropriate sermon, which was listened to with unremitting attention throughout, was preached by the Yery Eev. J. E. T. Woods, from Malachi, 1.2 — ' From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the s ame My name shall be great among the nations;55 " God," he said, " very frequently displayed His power and wisdom by bringing about most wonderful results by the smallest means. This was symbolized by the vision recorded in the Book of Daniel, in which the stone cut out of the mountain without hands smote the image and became itself a great mountain, which filled the whole earth. So it was also with God's chosen people, when, after their deliverance from Egyptian bond age. thev were brought to the brink of the Eed Sea with their inveterate enemies bearing down upon them with irresistible fury. At that critical juncture a word spoken by Moses at the command of God divided the mighty waters, so that the people passed over dry shod, whilst the recoiling waves overwhelmed their enemies ; and it was so when the Desire of all nations appeared upon earth. He was expected as a great king, and a deliverer of His people from the secular rule of their oppressors ; but the Man who appeared amongst them so poor, lowly, and despised, was rejected by the Jews, arrested, and con demned to death. Where were now the kingdom, the greatness, and the glory ? The Church was again brought to the borders of the Eed Sea, and its deliverance was effected by the very blood which was shed upon the cross. Just at the time when even the hopes of His disciples had died within them, and the foes of Christ were exclaiming, "He saveth others, himself he cannot save," the Man whom they hadt condemned as a malefactor was opening a highway of holiness across that great chasm which had till then separated man from his God. Another illustration of the great events which Gcd brought about by the use of apparently very inadequate means occurred three or four centuries ago. At that time the corruption which crept into the world infected the nations to such an evtent that almost every kind of heresy became rampant, and the ark of God seemed about to sink during the storms and tempests that then swept over the face of the deep. But in that hour of peril God did not forsake His Church, although the force of heresy threatened to- deceive, if it was possible, the very elect. A poor wounded soldier lay at the point of death. But God was with him, and during his sickness his heart was touched with the noblest sentiments that could animate a human being. On his recovery he determined to devote his future life to God. He then retired into solitude, and having performed the most wonderful penances, he was led to the enjoyment of the peace and happiness of one who was con scious of enjoying the forgiveness and favor of God. He then entered upon a new course of life. He wa,s still a soldier, but lie no longer sought for glory in conflict with the powers of this world ; he was now a soldier of the Cross, and the glory he sought was the glory of God Most High. He re ferred to S. Ignatius, who, in fulfilment of his design, went toEome to seek the counsel of the Holy Father. While there he gathered round him a little band of like-minded heroic lovers of truth, who were determined to unite with him in doing all they could for the glory of God. The Yicar of J esus Christ and successor of S. Peter saw that these courageous men were possessed of more than ordinary zeal, and he could not but accept their services. And thus by their means the Society was founded which was known by the name of Jesus ; a name in which they gloried, but which was regarded by their enemies as a scandal and a reproach. He dwelt upon the fact that the followers of the Society of Jesus had in every country been the objects of calumny and persecution, which "was a proof that they were really and not merely in name the followers of Him whose name they bore, for He, too, had been persecuted and reviled by those among whom He had labored and had predicted that such would be the lot of His genuine dis ciples. He referred in eloquent and glowing terms to the labors of these devoted mis sionaries in heathen countries, and espe cially to those of one of the first disciples of S. Ignatius— S. Francis Xavier, who travelled to India and took up his abode amongst tribes and people with whose very language he was unacquainted. Yet with but one name and one weapon — the name and the Cross of Jesus Christ — he effected such marvellous changes amongst the heathen as made the world to ring with acclamation, and millions to become acquainted with the name of Jesus. The rev. gentleman gave some further historical particulars respecting the labors of the Jesuits, and maintained that the extraordinary success that followed was eminently illus trative of his thesis, that the greatest of moral wonders are often effected by Divine Providence when the means employed appear altogether inadequate to that end. He con cluded by referring to the difficulties which the Catholics had encountered in this colony, and to the gradual growth of the Church, as still further evidence that the purposes of God would be realized whatever might be the obstacles to be overcome ; the day being near at hand when "'from the rising of the sun unto the going down of .the same His name shall be great among the nations." The Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament con cluded the devotions of the day. The church, which is built in the Italian style, consists of chancel, nave, north and south side chapels, and two towers, in addition to which there is also a vestry on the north side of the chancel. The walls are built of Glen Osmond stone, with cement dressings on the exterior, and on the interior are covered with fluted rough stucco, with pilasters, archivolts, cornices, &c.;, in plaster of Paris. The whole of the floor is covered with Mintaro slate, and the roof is open- timbered, stained, and varnished. The chancel arch is semicircular, and sup ported by Tuscan columns, the arches of the side chapels by pilasters with foliated capitals. At the end of the nave there is a gallery, the floor of which is carried on semi- clip tical arches, supported by columns and pilasters. The benches are of deal, stained and var nished. The principal entrance is by a porch at the west end of the building, over which is the sacred monogram I.H.S., and beneath it the following inscription : — " MILes helc IesY DYCe IgnatlYs LoyoLa." The chief dimensions are as annexed: — Have, 75 feet long and 40 feet wide ; chancel, 25 feet deep by 22 feet in breadth ; side chapels, 11 feet by 8 feet. The walls of the nave are 27 feet high to the springing of the roof. The towers which flank the western facade are 63 feet high to the top of the crosses which form their finials. The contract sum was £2,553 ; but this amount did not include the vestry. On entering the church, the first- thing which strikes one is the lightness and elegance of the proportions. There is a spacious chancel, and, what points it out as unmistakably a Catholic Church, there are two very elegant side chapels, in each of which there is an altar, one of them being dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, an object of special devotion among the Jesuits, and the other to the Immaculate Heart of Mary. Over each is a handsome oil-painting representing these subjects respectively. Over the high altar is a magnificent life-size painting of S. Ignatius Loyola, founder -of the Society of Jesus, which was copied by one of the first artists in Munich from an ancient picture in St. Michael's Church of that city. On the south side of the chancel there is a life-size painting-cf Blessed Peter Claver preaching to the negroes, which has before been described in our columns. All these pictures are presents to the church from a lady in Munich, and a marble altar, which will replace the temporary one now in the church, is shortly expected from the same source. The collections on the day of the opening, with subsequent contributions, amount to £270, which it is hoped will soon be supplemented by those who, from absence or other causes, may not yet have had an .opportunity of contributing their mite. The work in which the Jesuit Fathers are engaged is one which is intimately connected with the progress of Catholicity in South Australia ; and, therefore, the Fathers of this Society may reasonably look for help, not merely from the inhabitants of the district in which they have planted their mission, but to Catholics generally throughout the colony. When it is remembered with what self-devotion and heroic courage the Fathers of this Society, from the first esiablishment of the Order down to the present day, have under taken the task of reclaiming heretics and evangelising the heathen, the very name of a Jesuit ought to inspire every true Catholic with a holy enthusiasm, and impel him to do some thing, however little it may be, towards assist ing them in their holy and arduous enterprise. With regard to the collection on Sunday last, we very much regret to hear that in one or two instances a method of collection was resorted to which (we referred to in our last as altogether derogatory to that reverence which is due to the house of God. A complaint has reached us of two Protestant gentlemen having been stopped at the door of the church and a certain sum of money demanded from them. We can only express our deep regret that any thing of the kind should have occurred, and assure them that such conduct was not authorised by the clergy, nor were they cogni sant of it. We have no doubt that the inten tion of the collector who did this was good, but it is much to be regretted that he should have allowed his zeal to get the better of his discretion. If he thinks over the matter, he will probably arrive at the same conclusion as our- selves — viz., that more harm is like'y to be done through the scandal caused by such indis cretion than good could be accomplished through the agency of any pecuniary advan tage likely to be gained from it. Entertainment at Marrabel. A cor respondent sends us the following :- On Thursday, 4th of August, the Gilbert Amateur Minstrels gave their first perform ance for the benefit of the Eoman Catholic Presbytery, at Marrabel, to a large audience, in Mr. G. Mugg's store, kindly lent for the occasion. At half-past seven the minstrels opened their performance with an Overture, which was neatly played ; then followed several songs, which, interspersed with jokes and conundrums, greatly amused the audience. The second part began with Mr. W. T. Marron, the Tony of the Company, giving " In the Bairn," which delighted the audience so much that he was encored ; then came the screaming farce of "Barnum's Ball," in which Mr. C. J. O 5 Sullivan, as Slim Jim, Mr. T. J. Eeid as Mr. Barnum, and W. T. Marron as Old Jake, kept the audience in continual roars of laughter. The third part was opened by Mr. C. J. O'Sul- livan, who, by his irresistible comicalities in giving " Babylon's a Fallin," made his hearers almost split their sides with laughter. He was vociferously encored, and substituted " Hans Smitzerl's Philosophy." The per formance concluded with the most comical piece of " How's your Mudder, George ;" or the " Disgrace of the Crow family," in which Mr. O'Sullivan as Uncle Ephraim, — Marrom as Ephraim, jun., J. L. and T. J. Eeid as George and William, acted their parts most creditably. A most pleasant evening was spent, so much so that the minstrels were pressed to the promise of giving another performance at a future and no distant time. I may add that, the performance over, the room was cleared for a dance, which was merrily kept up till an early hour. Theatre Eoyal. — On Tuesday evening Mr. and Mrs. Bandman made their second appearance on the Adelaide stage in their representation of the two leading characters of Narcisse. Notwithstanding the fact ol there being another attraction for the pleasure seeking public in the Town Hall, the stalls and gallery were pretty well filled, and a tolerable number of the boxes were occupied. Narcisse is a character which affords ample scope for the development and display of dramatic talent. He first appears amongst a crowd of French courtiers, having been summoned into their presence with the idea that he would amuse them by his eccentrici ties. He makes use of the opportunity, however, to denounce in vigorous language the vices of the Court and their shameless indifference to the welfare and prosperity of the people and succeeds in making many of them shrink under the wither ing influence of his keen and cutting sarcasms. The leading female character in the piece is Doris Quinault, who amidst the frivolous gaieties of the Court pre serves a chivalrous devotion to the injured queen, and endeavors by every means in her power to destroy the evil influence of the king's paramour, the Marquise de Pompadour. In her interviews with Narcisse she discovers beneath the vehemence and eccentricities of hisdemeanour, evidence of a mind and charac ter far above those of the gay courtiers by whom she is surrounded, and that he is evidently weighed down with the burden of some secret and corroding sorrow. Moved with, pity for his forlorn condition she succeeds in drawing from him his secret, and then endea vors to console him by exhorting him to soar above himself and direct his energies to the accomplishment of an object which would earn for him the blessings of a grateful nation. This object was the overthrow of Madame de Pompadour and the restoration of the outraged queen to her proper position in the affections and counsels of the king. Doris Quinault5 s pleading with Narcisse afforded an excellent opportunity for the display of Mrs. Bandman's qualities as an actress. Her demeanor is exquisitely natural, while her diction and articulation are of tlie purest and most faultless description. Miss Edouin went through her part very creditably, though we cannot help thinking that a taller and more commanding person would have been better able to represent the historical idea of the haughty Madame de1 Pompadour. However, as regards her performance of the part assigned to her, there was | certainly no reason to complain. Her impassioned appeal to her injured husband for forgiveness was certainly a masterpiece of representation, and called forth repeated bursts of applause. The scenery and costumes we?e of a very superior description, and viewing the per formance as a whole it must! be admitted that the play of Narcisse, as represented by Mr. and Mrs. Bandman, is well worthy of a visit to the Theatre. Appointments. — The Gazette, , of August 3rd, has the following Government House, Adelaide, "August 3, 1870. " His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to appoint Joseph Sylvester O'Halloran, Esq., Clerk of the Honorable Executive Council, the Officer for recovering the Insignia of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, on the decease of any of the Members resident within the Province of South Australia. " By command, "J. A. FerGusson, Private Secretary.' " Chief Secretary's Office, Adelaide, "August 8, 1870, " His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to make the following appointment in the Sur veyor- General's branch of the Honorable the Commissioner of Crown Lands Department, from this date inclusive "Mr. George Wadmore to be Crown Linds Ranger, on the provisional and temporary staff. " By command, I "William Milne, Chief Secretary.' Philosophical Society. — At the monthly meeting of this Society, which was held on Tuesday, August 9th, there was a good attendance. His Excellency the G-overnor presided, and a very interesting and valuable paper was read by Dr. Schomburgk upon the climatic and fertilising influence of forests. As this subject has a most important bearing upon the future welfare of this colony, we publish the paper in another column, and we trust that Dr. Schomburgk5 s suggestion will at an early date engage the serious attentions of the Legislature. Gold. — The following intelligence has been received from the Lady Edith, Mount Torrens : — In the Ho. 2 shaft, at a depth 01 35 feet, in driving south, the reef has been cut 16 inches thick, and with an underlay of about two feet to the fathom. There is gold visible in the stone, and if on further working it is proved that the reef holds down, from the soft nature of the ground a large quantity of quartz can be raised at very small expense. From this striking of golden stone in the Ho. 2 shaft, the prospects of the mine are greatly improved. — Advertiser. The Overland Telegraph. — Mr. Todd is proceeding with all diligence with his arrangements for commencing that portion of the overland telegraph which is to be con structed by Government. All the rations have been sent on to Port Augusta, and negotiations have been made for the carting of 120 tons of stores from that point to Mount Margaret. Mr. Jarvis with a'party of four, is to start overland on Friday with 60 horses for Mount Margaret via Port Augusta. Two of the men are to be stationed at the Gums, that being a permanent watering place. The whole expedition will number from 110 to 120 men, and we believe the majority have been engaged. There will be five separate parties of from 20 to 21 men in each, and they are to construct something over 600 miles of the line, beginning at about 100 miles north of Mount Margaret. Each party is to be stationed 120 miles distant from one another, the intention being to facilitate by every possible means the pro gress of the work. Three wagons with five horses apiece are to be allotted to every party, and the camels, placed at the disposal of the Government by Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co., will be used in case of need. The stores sent away have been packed with the utmost care, and in convenient lots. So far as meat is concerned the chief reliance of the men engaged will be on sheep : but a small quantity of preserved meat will probably be forwarded. Well- sinkers are to be sent, and all provision made for supplying the neces sity, and, as far as practicable, contributing to the comfort of the line-constructors. On Thursday a large number of tenders for various stores and materials were received, and decision came to upon them. For the most part the contracts were given to persons holding the position of Government con tractors. We understand Mr. Todd intends proceeding to Mount Margaret in about a month's time, for the purpose of deciding the route and starting the expeditions. It may be mentioned that a number of the men have been sent down to do some repairs to the telegraph between Strathalbyn and Wel lington, so that they may get a little accus tomed to the work before they are required for the larger undertaking. — Register . Tom Thumb. — The Torn Thumb troupe have certainly no reason to complain of want of curiosity on the part of the Adelaide public. Every afternoon and evening during this week their levees have been thronged by crowds of ardent admirers. The group consists of Mr. and Mrs. Stratton, commonly known as General Tom Thumb and wife, Commodore Nutt, and Miss Minnie Warren, who is Mrs. Stratton's sister. The last named is the smallest of the lot, and decidedly the best looking. She has good features and is well proportioned. The principal portion of the entertainment, however, is contributed by Commodore Nutt, who, by his comicalities, keeps the audience in continual roars of laughter. Both Mrs. Stratton and Miss Warren occasionally sing songs very prettily, though their voices a?e childlike, as might be expected from their diminutive proportions. We recommend those who have not yet seen these miniature specimens of humanity to avail themselves of the first opportunity of doing so. Publications Received. — We have to acknow ledge the receipt of " Glimpses of North-Eastern Victoria and Albury, New South Wales/ ' by the Rev. W. M. Finn, of Heidelberg. The work is very neatly got up, and reflects great credit upon the Catholic Bookselling and Printing Depot, where it was published. A s we have not yet had an opportunity of perusing, we must defer a more extended notice of it tiil a future occasion. In the meantime, we hope the work will have an extensive circulation, as we perceive the proceeds are to be given to charitable objects. Vesper Service in the Jesuit Church, Richmond — We are glad to observe that the practice of the congregation joining in the Vesper chants in the Cathedral is extending. At the 11 o'clock Mass in the Church of S. Ignatius Loyola, Richmond, on Sunday last, the Rev. Father Mulhall, S J., who celebrated, requested the faithful who attended the evening service on Sundays to join in the singing of the Psalms, Litany, 41 Tantum Ergo/' &c.; Rehearsals for member 8 of the congregation would, it was announced, take place every Tuesday evening at half-past 7 o'clock. — Advocate Feast of S. Ignatius Loyola, — Sunday last being the Feast of S. Ignatius Loyola, the founder of the Society of Jesus, was ceiebrated with unusual devotion in the church dedicated .to the illustrious Saint in Richmond. Solemn High Mass was to have been suDg at eleven o'clock, but in consequence of the clergyman who it was arranged should celebrate being unavoidably absent, the ordinary Mass was performed by the Rev. Father Joseph Mulball, S.J. An oppor tunity was, however, given to the choir to sing the 14 Gloria" and4' Credo," which they did in a very effective manner. Immediately after the Communion, the Rev. Father William Kelly, S J., ascended the steps of the altar, and preached an eloquent panegyric of the Saint. Father Keily took his text from the Gospel of the day — 44 There was a certain rich man who had a steward." The reverend preacher forcibly pointed out to his hears that the true position of man on earth is that of steward to his God and Master ; and he showed how the life of S. Ignatius, after his con version to the immediate service of God, proved how deeply he was always impressed with the immense importance of his trust, as the steward of God's graces. He then went on to sketch the life of S. Ignatius from his earliest years at the Court of Ferdinand and Isabella, through his military exploits, till his memorable defence of the citadel of Pampeluna, when he was carried wounded to his father's castle, and was ultimately converted to the immediate service of God by reading the lives of Christ and his Saints during the wearisome hours of his illness. His career after his conversion was also described, the rev, preacher remarking that the same love of every thing noble, and contempt for all that was mean which characterised the Saint while he lived in the world were as conspicuous in him after his conversion, but exalted and refined by the grace of God. — Ibid. # t \ Mission by the Jesuit Fathers. — A mission, conducted by the Jesuit Fathers, was held last week in Castlemaine, and closed on Sunday in S. Mary's Church. In the morning, at 11 o'cIock, Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Slattery, of Daylesford, who afterwards preached an eloquent and impressive sermon to a large con gregation. In the evening, at Vespers, the Rev. Father Dalton, S.J., preached most effectively. On Saturday, the Rev. Father McKiniry, S.J , left Castlemaine for Kyneton, and opened a mission there on Sunday, which closed on Thurs day. Fathers Dalton and McKiniry were after wards to proceed to Ararat and other places on missionary visits. — Ibid . Supreme Coort. — The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court commenced on Tuesday, August 9th, His Honor the Chief Justice pre siding. William Rogers and James McMahon were found guilty of obtaining goods under false pretences ; sentence was deferred. Michael Callinan, charged with an indecent assault, was declared not guilty. George Lewis and Agnes Duncan were convicted of theft from the person ; sentence deferred. Joseph Mayfield was found guilty of forging and uttering a cheque. John Henry, having been found guilty of stealing some clothes from a barman at Hann's Hotel, was sentenced to six months imprisonment, with hard labor. On Wednesday, August 10th, John Pndham, charged with committing a rape upon a little girl, eight years of age, was found guilty ; sentence deferred. Carl Heinrich Richter, charged with committing a felonious assault upon Ernest Schneider, was acquitted. William Howard, charged with theft from the person, and Daniel McNamara with an aggravated assault, were con victed ; sentences deferred, A Resurrection. — Another rumour has reached us, to the effect that the little news paper which lived a baby-life of a few weeks as the Gumeracha Guardian t and was then duly shrouded, coffined, and interred, and as we supposed by this time utterly decomposed, is to undergo a resurrection and come to Mount Gambier to struggle for a new existence. We wonder whether there will be a transmigration of souls as well as a resurrection? — Mount Gambier Standard . The 18th Royal Irish. — A meeting was convened on Thursday evening at the Town Hall (old Local Court room) to consider what steps should be taken to give the detachment now stationed in Adelaide a valedictory enter tainment prior to their departure from the province. About eight or nine persons were present, amongst whom were Messrs. J. G. Daly, W. F. Gray, Fox, Austin, Penney. After waiting about an hour, Mr. Penney stared that he had convened the meeting in consequence of his having heard many express themselves in favor of such a movement. Several letters suggestive of the same had also appeared in the public Press. He thought the detach ment now stationed in Adelaide well worthy of some mark of respect from the citizens for their orderly and respectable hearing towards all with whom they came into contact and their general orderly conduct ; they were in fact a credit to themselves and their country. He considered the matter should have been taken up by the citizens, especially as this, was the last we should see of the orthodox red jackets, and he was sure that wherever the 18th went they would gain the esteem and respect of the inhabitants. After a few ex pressions of regret at the small attendance the meeting closed. 