THE RETURN TICKET. (fbom tinslet's magazine.) "What station, sir?" " Great Western," I replied to cabby, through the trapdoor of the hansom. The horse described a half-circle, and awav we rattled throagh the crowded streets of the metropolis. I looked at the whirling pano rama of life with the curiosity and interest natural to a man who returns to his own country after an absence of ten years in the colonies. "Any more going?" shouted the guard, in the tone of a last appea. "0 yes, my sister and I. and our luggage !" screamed a frantic old lady, with a dog under her arm, pushing resolutely into the carriage where 1 was sitting. . " Dog must go in the box, ma'am," said the inexorable guard, calling to an assistant to remove the naif-strangled beast of a cur. " What a brute 1" said the old lady, referring to the railway official. There are certain people, who, if yon meet them in a second-class carriage, take the earliest opportunity of intimating that their' position in that class is exceptional, and that they are really first-class people. The two elderly sisters discoursed together with this object for the pnblic benefit, andwere satisfied that I at least understood them. They were inclined to patronise me, till they found that I talked with the fat farmer on the other side. He was a good kind of man, and I was glad to converse with both him and his intelligent companion, who appeared to be a tradesman. The remaining occupant of the compartment was a silent man in the corner, about whom I should not have troubled myself had not his proceedings been somewhat eccentric. For at least two hours he did not address a single word to his fellow-travellers, but diligently read the newspaper. When he had exhausted the contents of the journal, he pnlled a carpet bag from under the seat, unlocked it, and took from its recesses a small bottle carefully wrapped in a red silk handkerchief. The bottle, I should say, held about eight onnces of what was apparently-clear water. The silent man replaced the carpet bag, and then, leaning back in his seat, held the bottle horizontally before him, at the dis tance of six inches from his eyes. If a man is reduced to read the advertise ment sheet of The Times, is absorbed in the trashiest yellow-backed novel, or even pro ceeds to eat his sandwiches like a bear, you don't scrutinise his movements. But when a person, observed to be peculiarly taciturn in manner, continues for half-an-hour gazing fixedly through a bottle placed at a particular angle, and never moves a muscle of his face, you begin to speculate on his mental state think, what next? and then remember the approaching Box tunnel. The old ladies looked at the silent man with unfeigned astonishment, made dumb motions at each other, and got very uneasy. I noticed that the man of the bottle had contracted a most sinister squint in the course of his singular act of investigation. Unable any longer to restrain my curiosity, I said, leaning towards him, " Excuse me, sir, but do you see anything remarkable in that bottle that you look at it so attentively?" No answer came from the silent man, and everyone looked up and cleared their throats. Every moment the squint became more fright- - ful, and the mystery more incomprehensible. "Do 'ee nudge him, sir," said the farmer to me. " It misgives me be isn't i' his right mind somehow." " Sister," cried the elder of the two ladies, " what shall we do ? I can't stand this any longer. There is no saying what he may do next." " What 'ave ye got in thateer bottle, sir?" said the farmer, emboldened by increasing curiosity. " Us in our parts woiud consider it a bit queer to go glowering at a bottle in that fashion." No answer. This was not to be' endured; so I tapped the shoulder of the silent man, and repeated my question about the bottle in sufficiently loud tones. " You have interrupted me most unfortu nately," said the owner of the bottle. " There was something just coming over the field of vision, I really believe. Would you like to try?" and bo saying, he handed me the mysterious bottle. The two old ladies gave little faint cries of horror. I turned the phial round and round, feeling more than ever puzzled as to .its use and purpose. Again I inquired about the mysteiy; the silent man begged me to speak louder, forhe was very deaf. He then good naturedly explained to me that the bottle contained mesmerised water, and added that ; it was given to him by a friend who was a great believer; who told him that if he would look at the bottle steadily for a certyin time, keeping his mind entirely abstracted; that he would be able to see past events which had occurred to himself and others. " Do you believe jn it ?" "Not exactly; but just as you spoke there was a sort of mist before my eyes; perhaps the picture would have come out." The subject of spiritualism and second sight once started, everyone had a story to tell. Even the fat farmer had known a " Thornaby waoste" in his own neighbourhood, where the "boggle" was "eer'daboot an'aboot." And, moreover, he told a wonderful story of a ghost at Broomhill Towers, which comd not be " raved or tumbled oot," even though the old family were gone, and the house had been altered by the new people who*had bought the he was talking of these places an odd idea came intomymind, and holding up the bottleT I exclaimed, " Suppose I try if I can make out something in your past life, for instance, from this won derful apparatus ?" " I'll give ye leave, sir," replied the farmer, winking at his friend, ' I gazed at the bottle in the prescribed man ner for five minutes or more, then I ex claimed, * I see an old man lying in a bed, and two or three people pressing round him; they give him a pen, and holding his hand, make him sign what I suppose is his will. Now the scene changes, and I see a court of law; the picture is rather confused, but I fancy I see a man like yourself, only a great deal younger; the court breaks up, and a number of people come forward and shake you by the hand, as if congratulating you." , " Let I look at that bottle," cried the far mer. "Why, that comes out wonderful; that's the trial about my great uncle's will." "Waita little," saidl; "there are other pictures passing before me. I see a farmhouse on fire; people are rnBhing about A woman with a child in her arms appears at one of the windows; a ladder is placed for her es cape, but it is too short. She drops the child into the arms of the people below. There is peat excitement; the fire rages; another ladder is brought, and she begins to descend; butmissesherfooting half way down and falls." "Good morning, sir," said the farmer to a clergyman who got in at Weston Junction, " I nope I see you well, sir? " Without wait ing for an answer, he began immediately to give an account of the wonderful revelations of the bottle. "Why, sir, do you know," he continued, "it beats the patent ghost all to nothing. This here bottle has the power of making clear all as ever happened to one. I've justheered the story of the fire at the old farm, which took place when father and mother was first married. Lor,' howoftenl've heered father tell the story! It war I that war thrown out of the window, and never a braise nor a scratch did I get; bat mother, poor soul, was hurted, and was lame to the day of her death. But Lor', sir, how they do work up this science! I've just been to Lunnon now, and haye seen a deal of it. Do'ee try the bottle again, sir," he added, ad dressing me. I placed the phial at the correct angle, and after some minutes of steady observation, I exclaimed, " I see a young boy climbing a tree, bird-nesting I suppose. He seems a daring young fellow, and springs from bough to bough almost like a squirrel, I see a branch catches his watch chain, and, unknown to him, his watch is pulled out of his pocket and falls into a crevice in the tree. The scene changes to a farm-baton; they are hauling in timber for the saw-pit. A gentleman stands there talking to the men; he is something like the boy I saw jnst now. He looks over the timber as if calculating the measurement, and suddenly he finds a watch embedded in a hole in the wood; he draws it forth, showing it to everyone." " Yon have made a good hit there, sir," said the clergyman, looking up from the pages of the Quarterly. "That circumstance of finding my watch in the hollow of a tree after many years is perfectly true; and, so saying, he looked very hard at me. The train at this moment stopping at my destination, I returned the bottle to its owner, and, jumping out of the carriage, was aboat to make my exit from the station, when some one tapped me on the shoulder. " I think I have made a discovery, and found out that the mysterious conjurer rs no other than my old schoolfellow Frank Farrar." "The same; and yon are Charlie Graves," said I, to the clergyman who had travelled with me for the last half hour. We shook hands heartily, and he placed his arm within mine as if we had only parted j] yesterday. " "Tell me all about yourself," said be, as we walked along the road to the town of B . I landed from Australia four days ago, when a yearning desire to see my old home coming over me, I took a return ticket from Saturday till Monday, that I might run down and spend my first Sunday in England at my birthplace. I did not intend to see anyone, or make my self known; and 15 years' roughing it in the bush had pretty well disguised me. Farmer Sellick, who had been my father's teuaut for years, never suspected me, though my old love of mischief might have betrayed me. I turned the mesmerised bottle to good account, did I not, Charley, astonishing the farmers and frightening the two old ladies?" " Unchanged, I see," replied Graves. " The first time I ever heard of you you were the delinquent of a practical joke at school. The doctor forgave yon oftener than any boy in the class, and liked you better, too. But tell me, have you made your fortune ?" "Not exactly, my dear friend;" but I've got a nest-egg, and I mean to do better things yet before Idle." "Sanguine as ever; just like your family before you," said Graves, in the tone of a man not given to hope much. " Farrar, yon must come and stay with me; I have a perpetual curacy at K , and cross country yon can get to Broomhill in an hour; you will remember the old road." " Well, my dear fellow, if you will have me, I will come in to-morrow, and stay the night. I must go back on Monday." We now parted, for Graves was going home with one of his parishioners, and the gig and its owner were standing in the yard of the Bed Lion waiting for him. On Sunday morning "Marlin bells" rang oat tbe chimes. What a tide of recollections were invoked by those familiar sounds! The trim town looked as it did of yore, and passing through the quiet streets, I took the well-known road to my old home. I had a walk of seven miles before me—an uphill walk, too; but it was like a dream. I could fancy myself a schoolboy again, impatient for my fond mother's greeting; and I thought of those touching words, " How long ainoe I saw that fair pale face ! Oh, mother dear, might ronly pl&oe; My head on thy breast, a moment to net, 'While thy hand on my tearful cheek were preat I" All are gone ; and my beloved home in the hands of strangers. The history may be briefly told. My family had been squires of the parish since the beginning of the 17th century; bnt my grandfather had been an extravagant man, and my father inherited, his tastes and his mortgages. Affairs were not flourishing in the boyhood of myself and my brothers: bat we were vastly happy, and though somehow not as rioh as we might be, we believed that tbe world could not go on without the Farrais of BroomhilL But the ' wprld did manage to do without us; and at my father's death my only remaining brother and myself took the small remnant of onr fortune to Australia, where we tried sheep farming. He, poor fellow, died three years after we went out, and I was left without a near relation in the world. Musing in melancholyfashionupon the past, I came upon the village green. Everytarninthe road—every pollard tree—was dear to me. I leantupon thewell- kuown gate, andg&zed; upon the winding valley, the glancing trout stream which fringesChurebman's Gopae, and thought of my careless childhood, l tamed to the village green, and sat down on a fallen tree, for the half-hour hell had only just begun its summons for divine servioe. How slowly material things change, while one little life spinaround so fasti There urea the old ash. tree just as I had left it; its withered white houghs pointing upwards to the blue sky. The dilapidated cottages were as picturesque as I ever in their decay: the fowls wd H"» ffagg intrusive. The railing and the low watTof the home park had never been repaired I saw it last. I confess i «-** istii • recognise a certain slovenly air of unthrift; It was so like old times. While thtnUng what might be done to improve the jdiwft, people were gathering together. "The halt ana the lame folk" came first; then the stoat farmers and their comely wives and aaa^utetu. Joining in with the stream of people I stood once more under the shadow of the porch. " The squire baint t'house; will yon n<r, )■ his pew, sir, for yon do seem a stranger?"said the clerk. _ ~~ I followed him, though I required no one to guide me to the well-known comer, where my own initials were cut deep in the old oak in a dozen places; it had been a favourite occupation with my brother and myself driving the sermon. A mist came over my eyes when I looked around at the vacant seats. That had been my mother's place; there my father had sat— I think I see his high-bred but carewjfcn face; and close beside him used to be that bright young boy, whose half-suppressed mirth often called forth a reprimand from my gentle mother. I fell into a half-unconscious reverie, and caught myself at my old trick of counting the notches on the carved seat ends. The lights and shadows fell just as they did of yore. There had been no " restoration fund" to mend or mar the interior of the old church. Ilmissed the cheery voice of our old vicar— toe present man had a peculiarly sad mntin«r ISheard afterwards that he was very unhappy in his family. The text of his sermon was, I would not live alway." It seemed as if ha was speaking to me individually, and the deep melancholy of his tone and words often haunt me now. I don't think the sermon was at all suited to bis rustic congregation, judging by the profound slumber of some of my neighbours: but he had one atten tive listener, for he had struck a chord of sympathy in my heart which was singularly suited to my over-wrought feelings. The scuffle of many feet roused me from my reverie; and while the clergyman was occupied in dispensing " the 12 loaves and 12 shillings " left by my grandfather's will to the poor of the parish forever," I walked round the churchyard. While I was looking at the memorials of the dead, farmer Sellick came up. He looked hard at me, then exclaimed— " Why, if this hain't the gentleman «i' thofc there magic bottle! Good momiu. sir; didn t expect to see you in these pans; yon he a stranger, sir ?" " Why, Sellick, don't yon remember Master Frank, who drove the pigs into the hole in the West wood mead? " "Lor',sir, and you be Master Frank all this time, with a beard as thick as a furze bnsh! Only think, and I didn't know you. nor your tricks ! ^ I'm right glad to see you, ! Mid with this he gave me a hearty h«»»d sir. _ shake. ,- "4 wonderful bottle, that, was it not Sel lick ? I observed, laughingly, " There now, I might baveknown; but I told my missus abou^ itj quite serious, along with all the rest of the science I had seen in Lou non. But I'm main glad to find that it is a trick; I should be sorry to think that God Almighty allowed of anybody to look back wardsgpo^fotyards into other people's pri as much as by yoar business wouldn't at I should return a bit of dinner per the common, . „ , a- It was some .u o5 V _iiTH J3^*nrthplace spoken of as the^m|hi|)ri^>£^fr&nger; but when I .reflected, I could only say, "Better, far better, to begin life unshackled in a new country, than to play the miserable rClt of a poor gentleman at home—clinging to the vain shadow of past prosperity." "I haven't asked yon, Master Frank, if you bemarried." "Iam not married, Sellick. Ladiei an scarce in Australia." " I thought as you were a young m in b* your looks," he replied. ''Iam afraid I must not say much of that, Sellick, when I remember how long it is I went nutting in these woods." " I did not mean that your honour looked young," said the too-candid farmer; "but down here we do call everybody a young "■"» as isn t married. Now, when I said I knowtt by rourIook8,1 meant you hadafree, don't-care manner—very different from those who care, and who have wives at home to 'em care." " So you think I am better without a wife ? " said I laughing. ' I dont say that," returned the farmer, because that would be saying that an empty waggon is better than a loaded one. Yet for all that, an empty waggon is easier draught; ft load is & load to thorn as has to draw it.** "So the new squire is not much liked?" said I, changing the subject. ^,e'8 not atall liked ; he don't care for the place as if he'd been born here. I fancy hed sell it again at a profit; in fact he'd do most things for a profit I do seem-1 wish the old place could have been kept in the family." "well, Sellick, who knows, some day I may come back a rich man from AnatrJ;. and buy the old place again." "You do mind me of your father, sir, when you do speak in that fashion. He was always a-hoping and believing in this thing ©r the other. Now it was a slate quarry.ana now it was an iron mine as was going to mat ters square again; but I do find that if you waste and muddle at this end and th^nnd that things won't come square any mnTV r beg you pardon, sir, but there was a deal of mSS?je up at the hall iu your father's time." With this he rambled on about diahnwarf «g®Bts, unlucky tenants, and the other thousand-and-one bedevilments that beset a country gentleman. After the farmer's excellent dinner had been duly discussed, I rose to take my leave, for I had some miles to walk before I should reach K , the place where my friend the curate was domiciled. When at length I reached the village I captured a small boy, who took me to the clergyman's house, ft was a pretty cottage, with a garden before it sheltered from the road by a laurel hedge. A few steps along the gravel walk brought me to the door. I was about to knock with my walking stack, when it was opened by a young j endeutly seen my approach. She offered me her hand cordially, saying. You are Frank FaTrar, my brother's friencC Coins in; we have been exoectina •you all this afternoon." This was a surprise. I had forgotten all about GraveB's brothers and sisters, who were Very infantine in my day. "Charlie has been called away to see a poor man who is ill at the other end of toeparish, but he begged me to offer you his txcuses. Be will soon be back—at leastin aboat an honr. In the meantime, wbU will m&i-; . have—a cup of tea or a glass of winel'. Bani- • thing you must have after yonr walk. -Imitator. is a Berious meal with ns on-Sundzya iTfafc/ ; that will not come off till hrff..— * * ». • -• — r a. - I don't know that Ellen Gra^btrutfcitne at once as being particularly pretty 4 earnest eyes looked truthfully into miae. and ber voice was like the sweetest music ; there was something in her movements, her manner, or it may have been her smile, that reminded me of my mother. "" I see you don't remember me," she said, with a slight hlosh, when I tried to identify her as one of the children I had known. " You are thinking of poor Manon, who » dead. I am Ellen—a little, fat. fair-haired thing in those days. I remember your frightening me bombly with an electrical machine, which gave us dreadful shocks. ^ •' You must have been very young then. " I wbs eight when you were 18. "Is it possible that there is only 10 years difference between us now ?" I said, looking at her youthful face and figure. " I expect the difference is much the same as it used to be," she replied, laughing; un to? you think I am like Lord Dundreary, who in two years became as old as his elder ^Uenmade tea for me at a table near the open window, where, as she said, I could smell the flowers and see the sun set Ilow rretty and refined everything was in this littlFparsonage! The narrow room looked really elegant; its humble proportions dis guised by the Land of taste-a carved-wood bracket, a vase, a few bright books, a bit of colour—all and each trifles in their way, hut happily disposed. We talked together of the past—of the days of my boyhood—of the traditional friendship between our families—and of many other sub jects of mutual interest. It is curious how the ready sympathy of a woman calls out one's innermost thoughts and feelings; for years I had not spoken so unreservedly as 1 did that evening* to the girl whose very exist ence I had forgotten. My feelings had been battened down below decks during the rough and stormy voyage of my life; but this was a moment of calm weather, and Ellens voice bad a thrilling pathos which reminded me more and more of my mother, the being 1 had. oved best on earth. . . "We then talked of poetry—not discussing it n a critical spirit, but speaking of its influ ence as of a friend, whom we mutually found had been the solace of our several lives. The glow of sunset had now departed; but it was succeeded by that exquisite green track of light in the sky, which always seems typical of something purer and better than "the common light of day.' I bad taken up a partly cat copy of Tennyson which had been lying on the tables and, opening it, 1 read ^ favourite passage to my now silent companion I was standing by the window; I h*d tamed Tom the outer world, and was looking at that fair earnest, uplifted face, forgetful of aelt. She' was wrapped in the music of the poet's words; in a voice almost mandible she How true, how beautiful! Head on." An uncut page arrested my progress, and, mechanically. I took the return railway ticket from my waistcoat pocket and cut the leaf. Atthat moment a step sounded on tbegraveL Eilen pushed back her chair behind the shadow of the curtain; I put down the book and stretched out my hand to return the hearty greeting of my schoolfellow. He was f refuse in his apologies for his absence; hoped bad bad some refreshment; and, coming into the house, he threw himself into a chair, exclaiming, " I am tired! Bat where is Ellen? Surely she has not left yon to entertain, your self?" "She was here a moment since," I replied, seating myself opposite my hot friend, who was wiping bis brow with bis handkerchief. "My dear fellow, I am sorry yon should have hur ried yourself so very much; I am indeed." (I never spoke more truthfully.) Supper was announced, and. we found Ellen in the next room with a bottle of Rhenish wine in her hand, which she had just brought from the cool cellar. What a delicious little supper we had? A nice chicken mayonnaise that I know my hostess must have made her self, and a tart and custard that would have rejoiced the heart of the poet Shelley. The curate carved a piece of cold roast beef, filled my plate with substantial slices, at the same tame telling me to give only a secondary attention to his sister's kickshaws. I-don't think lights had ever been seen in the cottage windows so late as on that Sunday flight/ we were a very merry little party; Graves declared that the promise of a living could hardly make him reel happier than did the sight of his old schoolfellow. I relt as if 1 had cut my moorings from a land of trouble, and life itself seemed more more full of hope than I had known it for many a day. But at length the lamp grew dim, and the moonlight streamed through the casement. lookeaat my watch, and with a thousand apolftgip* rose to depart to my natural rest "We do not keep our little maid up on unday night; she has had f long walk twice to church. Let me give you your candle." So saying Ellen pnt the light in my hand, and thm saul, "Good night, I hope yon will Bleep well," in so sweet a voice that I re peated the words afterwards to myself, as though they had been the refrain of a avonrite song. The next day came, with its Monday morn ng air. I was to go at 12 o'clock, for I had a return ticket, mid declined, in consequence, my friend's hospitable request that I should prolong my visit. My preparations were made, and 1 had only to say good-bye to my old friends, and then I felt I should be a sort of vagabond again, destined to wander over the earth without human ties. While so think ing, and in no very pleasant mood, I put my hand in my waistcoat pocket to see that my ticket was there; but lo. it was gone. _ I was really annoyed, and searched for it high and low, but without success. For many years of my life I bad been obliged to be so strictly economical, that I was vexed, merely from the habit of carefulness. "Now,"said Graves, "there's no excuse; you must stay a couple of days longer." "Yes, do stay," chimed in his sister; "I want to show you the restorations in the church, and we will visit some of your old haunts. Farmer Brown will lend ns a pony git?; I'll promise to drive yon very safely." Updef one pretence and another, I con trived to stay on at the cottage, day after day, till the end of the week; ana before it. came to an end, I bad asked Ellen Graves to be my wife. She did not answer in that sweet voice of hers, bat placed both her hands in mine: and I.feltas I had never felt since ray boy hood —that I had Boraeone tolove me. That same evening I took up the volume of Tennyson that we had read together, when, behdW; *PF return-ticket fell out of the book. I bad used ic to cut the leaf. Mr. Charles Dickens, jun., has made a puctrRBfu) appearance at (>1)6 old theatre at Richmond, Lmdon, in ^chai^rofToby Hcywond.iu Douglas Jerrdld'scomedy ofthe " Rent Day." There fe.;by tbe way, no troth fii the report tbat Mp»'?Gharlea: Dickens, )un., inters toad opt tbestege Ma profe*"™- At the»ii^tt<mdTftdiatrebe 4»MJ|»eiforn»ed as orieofaedmpan? ofam&teor;*, strengthened nnlyhysfewprofeaBionalUdies. 