BAPTISMAL REGENERATION; To the Editor of the 'Launceston Examiner. Launceston, March 14,1870.. DEAa Sta,-As .in. your isue of :the 12th i?q stant.tho letter of," ?Baptlset"'departs froin the subject now under p~ablio conslderatioti, to cast bitter imputationellpon tbe people of my charge, II again entreat you In all meekness to!allow me the privilege to reply. , tle rwrites of,.tbe-" stigma of.close. commo. nioa and hyper- Calvinism;, which :years: of warmer love will. scarcely remove."' I declare this statement to be :false. For my lIte loved and: honored' pastor, the ?Rlev. 'I. Dowliig, brought tile church op L to the closer of his pas torate in ;peace, with close communion for many years;':-but when be reslgned, then came the stigma, by the efforts of open commonlon; this created the stigma and not the order impugoed by "A Baptist." As "A Baptist" has introduced this new eub ject.the phblio may wish to know what It is. I answer-Open commonion is the Lord's table, with' or without baptism, ,as' the communlcans wishes.' Close communion is baptism before the supper. I am prepared to meet !' A Baptist " upon these three followinog propositions. at any time 1st. The New Testament insists upon baptism before the Lord's supper. 2nd. All the leading churches tI Christendom observe this order. ' 3rd. The other is a modern innovation, ion known to;the thousands of Baptist churcbes for fliteen contarles. As to."A Baptist stigmatiasiog as as hypers, &c.;, I oely'wish to say we hold doctrines In the fullest' agreement with the doctrinal articles ol the churches of England and Scotland, and" all the reformers from Wickliffe to King James's divines at. the Synod of Dort. But what has this stigma to do with baptismal regeneration P Were we disposed to deal with stigmas we could refer to those which have. made tis name a by word, and a hissing for these last two years in the colonies, all belonging to his side of the question, no connection with us. People who live in gleass should mind how they provoke stone for stone. Let " A Baptist". make his own house clean be fore he scrapes up the dirt of others for public Sview ; let him learn that good old proverb, ? ' PFbyliola heal thysell I" " A Baptist" thinks that int our present sub. ject I ought to keep to the Scriptures, and not gd to the fathers. But hbe ought to remember that there is nothing of baptismal regeneration in the divine word;` it can only be found in Rome and the fathers.. Therefore I am bound to go where it is, not where it is not. He might as well re quest me to keep to the Scriptures to prove ",there is no God:' ""'A Baptist " confouuids infant baptism .with baptismal regeneratioo, whloh proves his almost entire 'want of knowledge in the subjeet."' Had hebhave read of its movements he would 'have known :tLat bapilemel =regeneration 'has'-'tkern whole nations of men:and women, apd'midle them children of: God.at. once upon the stiot-il"we could .bhelleve,it.:, Itrhasanever oared onewhic whether it 'i.. moa, woman, or,ehild ,it chanoges 'the'leper's"'skln In'mll 'It i,'she:"'.Tbherefore it has no more to do witht " infaiit'baptinsm' 'thin with' "believers'baptlsm';"' a'id'(I'heg'to'irinorm " A Baptist" thati there has been, Iand are now, many men, of. God.who ihave, and'do still' hold, the oneoand ,oppose, the other much. more than "A Baptist rdoes. ,!,( .?, ?,. f,1) ":, .o ,, " :. " A Baptist" seem ?eso .very much alarmed that iIshould differ .with'Mr Spurgeon upop this saUiject.'I have not 'alid 'oe' word disrespectful of that person-I have always spoken to high terms of himiBot I am not'disposed to thlnk'him a greater man than Moses, 'or Peter;.? -The' one " spoke unadvisedly with his lips"; the! other 'a ws.to hbe blamed",', If "ABaptist". suppose Mr. S'puirgeon; more' Infallihle than, these, he. is welcome to the Popery;'"i d' for my part I' will 'eesefroni imas. A'" "ABaptist" applies the 'lan. guage of John about the Son of God-and it is only applied to Him'-to'Mr.' Spurgedoa's? This to me is blasphemy-via., to apply to a fellow. creatnro that whloh alone belongs. to th'b Son of God. This is "sitting, in the templejas,God'' and 1 am not worthy to t9uah his feet., Truly, I amuot worthy to unloose his:ahoe, :. ' Yet still I have no wish to kiss his toe,rtl SAs this !A Baptist" seems to wantto do r . ,: , .'The e Mr. Spurgeo?'l ,. r: hir.. Spurgeon', has :ndesigoedly , published, lan guage' which the,Jeu"itul have now taken up, to charge jod 'meni with'perj?-y fo subicrlbligi to the Prayer.Book; when they' do hot' believe lh baptismal regeneration. ,I Therefore the' qsuestion ,ow.before the public is 'this': .Is" Mr..Spurgeon with the Jesuits, right,or:not, ins chbrgiog,'euch good Ien as C:ranmer,. Latimer, 'Ridley,; Ro maine, Hawkers, and 'loplady, with a thousand like thnm; with perjury P .Let "A Baptist" keep tl thiat point; and not east dust to otr eyesp bout things foreign to it.r" My lecture toinorrow night is upon this point. Let " A Baptist" attend and tske notes;:; then let him give as arguments, not stigmas-thqse will.not lighten our darkness upon so difficult a subject., .I suppose he is ashamed ol his person, character, and creed, byhie concealing his name-'which'I citreat him to give us when he'writee again. 'In bidding him farewell for the present, I do eo with much prayer,' that'hls mind may be enlarged... Woold.you permit t'ie; alse; dear' Sir,:to: refer to somle few little mistakes' into which smyold friend, " A Clerk,"thse again quite, undesigoedly falltten.. He snupposes that the charges against St. Cyprian's ofergy cahtiot be, sabstantiated. He.la so far from' being 'correct iL 'this, that' they; aye demonstrated in Cyprian's own lamentations over them' Would "'A Clerk" dare 'to deny"the authorities given us by the very renowrned his torians, Dr. lMaunder and Dr. Mosheim, &e..; Let not ' A Clerk"!treat men of great ; renown, like this, or we will not listen to his Amen, 'Let " A Clerk" still remember that Cyprian, and his very wicked clergy, never referred to the New Testa. ment, or the custom of the' Church 'before' them, for proofs of their basptismal regeneratlonionly gave their opinion. " A Clerk" is also mistaken about St. Austin's belog 'converted 'from Paganism, for he :was a learned and clever Manichein. His mother had truly wrestled with God' in agonaslg" prayer for him,, twenty,.or thirty years, before God saved him by his grace. But had that dear woman of God believed iti baptismal regeneration she could have taken him to the priest, and had him dbne at once;, and have returned home with everlasting joy; upon their beads. But it seems evident, she was under the necessity of asking God to regenerate her most ungodly son. And after a long race inh.slo one day in the garden 'he took up the epistles 'hd read Romans XItI. 13-14, 'wich God'tbe"Holy Ghost so sealed upon his soul that he was at once. delivered from the guilt and dominion of sin. He then handed the Book to his friend, the lawyer-Alypios--who read the. verses, down to the first verse of the fourteenth chapter, which God in mercy blessed to his salvation alio. 'These two learned men-thus saved-then went straight way to Augustin's mother, Monica, and tdld her what God had done for their soule, and they had very great joy.-(Mil 'ch. hist. cen. v. oh. if. p. 157.) After this, they were baptised, whioh is opposed to Regeneration by Baptism, as they were thus regenerated before they were baptised, which is after New Testament order, for which. I con-, tendd.;, ' How this great and most grecioes man: coauld' have afterwards acted so-contrary to this workoft 'God, upon his soul,'remains to me a depth oft 'mystery.. most inexplicable;, 'where I, '" with' trembling pinions: soar, wait the great teacher-j Death-and God adore." .Of course this is quite, plain to A.C., A.B, ,and, T.C.:' Sil l,'I'woould remindthbdae great s'erie?idof the 'ivN'dot'ttisbti. 'YToug-" Aspiring'to 'be gods:tf angels felL' Aspiring to be angels,'meu do rebel:'P?A! ' .tsl wIell conteot to take thecistoms of the Churchrotc :Rome, as established: iu A.D. 415. Well,l let! him remember-they; salted and. oiled the jbap.:, tised, before and after baptism, and, they made a 'purgatory for the unbaptised, &o.; Will t . C. take all this slablso ? Let him, if he will-this may' be'salt and fire, oil and water proof. "But this' is neither Bible, nor Prayer Book proof' for Bap.' 'tlnisl regeneration. a." I,Voold you permit me, dear Sir, to ask A.&.' whether he performs s?rvice in his holy littlet Church. with crosses 'on his shoes and.,ne 'down his back, singing ""Jess,' BSon' o '!Mary, "'esr us."' I should like to know 'if ,this really is true, for It he looked 'at my lecture, through these thlogs there is no wonder it shonid' aIppear so bad in his eyes. Why It he look at: the sun itself through these red rages they would, turn it into blood, for these, are they " which, spirituaslly is called Sodom and Egypt, where, 'also our Lord was crocided" (Rev.zl.,, 8). I 'should liked .to have 'met "A Clerk'.ino pu blie Idressed 'up in these fine robes, 'that Imight hare' dressed him down with " The rod ol Strength out' of Zion."" ' ' i" A Clerk l-"-who gave you that name P ?Was' It your godfathers' and godmothers, when you! were made a child of God P or haye you taken this 1 name yourself P We hope you are not taking improper liberties with names; if so, we most say, amen to your friendly homily. Adieu, dear' "Clerk," By yoar permiosiad, dear Sir, a' fewwords' tol "T.C." shall close. my present' chapter. ' We: wish to ssk him what baptismal regeneration has: to do with spiritual tbhlogsP? It is a carsal and, fleshly thing, therefore we fleshly men maytouch I also wish tI state that ns Christ has said the' "graves" shall 'be opened in the last:day':Ibe.' Ileve in the exlstseee of the raro' literally;"ad : am not of them who say t' the resurection 'is pasbt; already" (2 Tim. ii,, 18)... But what has this to, r do with baptismal regenerationP This sla the questios nuder trial-keep to it. o pr In conclslsin,, dear Sir,' I tban you for per. el' tintg me to attenid to these little penmen. If Sthere are any more small writers who wish to try 1 their csonous by shooting at the upright in hert,' , let them do so, only give me s The right to return shot for 'hot, P With all the caononsaI have got, ' ' To storm the Roman walls ... I remaio, dear Sir,"very respectfllyj your, ,e -';- D., laxa? Awnnex "':; 