THE KUT GRASS. Thai. peBt to all upon whose ground it gains ahold, ths nut grass, appears to be quite as bad with our Amerioan cousuis as with, us, At a tnoetiug of the Scciety Hill Farmers' Club, the&ev; * ^ *--? ?-* the HnL &££* :THe »' : »o not ftBcw the grass to ^' ****«£ .*? Wood, may not produce s&, yet ^ ?» necessary to me -rormation of nuts-no new nuts will form sad mature, tt the grass iB not allowed to bloom. It will not bloom in much less than &ix; weeks, so thai if. it is regularly ploughed every three or four weeks thioagh tie eumniirand fall till frost, it will form no new nuts, and a uirge proportion of the old nuts will die from exhaustion, particularly the deepest ones. You may apw sow the land in wheat, rye, or oats, and when they are taken off, break the land so as to turn the stubble under. Ia about ihree or four weeks, start your sweeps, and run, them regu larly every four weeks. (The grass after the first summer's work will be so much weaker, that it will bear to stand a week longer tbe second, thirtf, and fourth summers.) Cos. tinue the process for four summers, and. you \M11 not be troubled with nut grass in that field again, unless it is car ned there. It will always be best, if possible, to have ? your bead lands beyond the nut grass, with a well defined furrow which the ploughs may not pass is carrying out ; bare the head lands ploughed regularly with the field. Look well to trees and stumps-in fact, to all places where the ploughs do not reach, and have them hoed regularly ; cut from one to one and a half inched deep, -which is the depth tbe Bweeps ought to cut. The sweeps should be made of steel, and, when well set and tempera], ought never to be sent to a smith to be sharpened, but taken to a good stone and ground. Treated thus, they will last five times as long, be always bright end smooth, and do their work well. The advantages of winter killins; are, 1st : Tbe nuts will be killed eight inches deep and there will be lees danger of tkoir spreading by the plough, Second, the living nut will be beyond the influence of the sun until late In the spring-, consequently the blades will be much later in msicing weir appearance, giving time to plant your crop before the Work will be needed in the sut grass field. No bogs should be ?Uowed to go in a nut grass field, as they root deep holes, breai' the roots, and bury the tints deeper in the earth. Do not be* discouraged because the grass appears after each ploughing ; after three or four plougbings the grass will spring up more feeble and be paler, as a mighty work is goiog on below, Shonfrh you sec it not, tbe work you fo much desire, the decay end final destruction of the nut grass. — QutenUander. Hebeford Heed Book. — The seventh, volume of the Hereford Herd Book appeared at the commencement of the present month. The list of bulls ends with No. 3636, and ihe volume is pretty equally divided between bulls and cows. Mr. JDackham, in his preface, Fpeaks of the increasing number of his supporters in carrying on this important -work but ex presses hie regret that owing to tbe difficulty of obtaining the necesBary information from breeders, the publication of the present volume has been delayed for come mouths. Excellent lithographs of no fewer 'than 12 famteira Here fords enliven the pages of tbe volume. At the conclusion of the long liet of cons and the usual index of names of breeders and animals, is the appendix promised in. the sixth volume, showing the prizes won at agricultural shows by animals entered in the preceding pages. It is to be re gretted that in this valuable addition the induing should be so imperfect. In attempting to look up the pedigree of crize animals mentioned in this lut. we wera #n?ntinnr.lv UExble to find it on the page to which we were referred. Thus, the pedigree of Duchess of Gloucester, flrst at Birmingham and SfirithSeld in 1864, is said in the ap pendix to be on p. 3, the portion devoted to balls ; and he nho reeks for the pedigree of Ostorius, first at M-tmriester Jen rammer, is referred to p. 328, devoted to cow*. We should not have mentioned this had not similar errom oc eurred throughout the appendix. Tbe able lecture read by Mr. Duckham before the Breoonshire Chamber of Agricul ture, upon Hereford cattle, JsBt January, forms a very readable and instructive termination to this volume. We may add to our notice of Uus book some reference to Mr. Durham's quarterly record of Hereford transactions — a pamphlet which he circulates- among both sellers and breeders of Hereford stock in promotion of his business as an auctioneer in connection with tbe breed. The present nuuiber centeins some memoranda as to the fortune! of the breed in other countries, and we- quote the following notice ef how they are liked in Michigan. Governor Crapo, of Flint, speaks thus of them: — 'The Heiefords have done extremely well; in fact they could hardly have done better. They have had no more than ordinary fair keeping, and yet they are is prime condition, and their coats are very fine. I hawe little doubt that the Herefords will yet be the stock for Michigan. They are docile and hardy, besides being very eauy keepers ; and I have no doubt will stand a Itrng severe winter, and come out ahead of the shorthorns in the spring, ontwo thircs the cost ef keeping. I am highly pleased witb mem, and shall increase the number of ray hard as rapidly as possible, being confident that as soon aa- their merit* are known tier will be appreciated. There i» now alowst a mania through the country in favour of the shorthorns, which I am free to admit ate a noble and valuable breed of cattle ; but they are adapted to the luxuriant pastora and milder climate of Kentucky, rather than to HicMgan. Ton have seen my Herefotd bull Velvet Jacket, and my shorthorn bull Lucifer, both about the same sge — a little over tw« years. Now, I am obliged to feed my Bhorthom on nearly twice the grain, &c;, that I do the Hereford, to keep him in equally pood condition. The shorthorns are UBo'eubledly a valuable breed from which to procure grades by crossing with our native or common stock, where meat jb the object ; but for a thoroughbred race of cattle I havs no doubt that, in Michigan, the Henforde will prove on rivalled. I intend, however, to give the Herefcrds. Short horns, and Devons a fair trial, both aa full.blaerhr and grades, if my health will permit me to carry out my original pin.' Najtufactube of Bucau from Fumpkihe, — Several attempts have been made of late years (observes an Ame rican journal) to introduce into the United States sugar producing plants to replace the cane. The beeo*ot and sorghum are among the number, but one of tbe most valuable, which is cultivated in every corn-neld. in the Middle States as a side product, has been quite neglected. This plant is no other thin tbe pumpkin— CmirlSta pepo, of botanists. Its period of harvesting lasts longer than that of the beet, it is easier preserved, and its refuwSs just as valuable for the feeding of stock. Pumpkins weigh f rein SO lbs. to 60 lbs. ; they famish about 4 per oent. of sugar ; their contest* in juice are 80 per cent. This jute indicates from 10 to 11 on Braum'a areometer. The sugar obtained from pumpkins is of a' good grain and colour. Before re finifig it has a slight flavour of melon. The syrup Is of a very dark green colour, nearly black, and tastes tikecaae sugar. In Hungary, since the year 1837, sevenl manufac tories for making sugar from pumpkins have been in opera tion. The treatment of the fruit is perfectly idenrtoal with that of the beet root, and the machinery used ior Chopar pose the same. Packing fbltjit pou t&xkbwssion; Abroad.— A. correspondent in the Gardentrt' Chronicle raoomm»nds the following plan as worthy of consideration :— When. I lived st Slanton Lacey, near Ludlow, 30 gears ago, Is default of a proper fruit room I used to adopt the following plan, viz., collect some ripe fern, allow it to become thoroughly dry , strip off the fronds froh the stalks, aid place each fruit singly in a handful ef these leaves, packing them away in hampers, boxes, or any other convenient receptacle. Those fruits which may become rotten, will net easily con taminate their neighbours ; and a surprising quantity can thus- be stored away in a small space, by allowing one hamper to stand upon the top of another, and so oa. I should continue this practice in preference to anv,otber (hat I know, bnt there is a difficulty here m proturing tlie fern. Let me advise youf correspondent not to use ' chipped straw,' or straw in any thape, as the fruit would be almost certain to acquire an unpleasant flavour from it. I really do mink that for his purpose thoroughly dried bin fronds would be ' the thing/' Sheitkm.— A queer story is told in the Pleisant Creek Fetes by a writer whose character for integrity and veracity ib well attested. He has been for some time'rosiding in New Zealand, and sayB*:— I saved a claim here at the Thames through a spirit communication. It had been neglected, and was liable to be jumped, when I was told by spirit-writing that six men were coming at 9 o'clock the tfext morning on to the claim to jump the ground, with other particulars of their programme. I was there with the men I got, just in the nick of time to «avo the claim. Tbe jumpers came exeotly at the time I was told they would do, end they saw at once that they were completely checkmated, and looked sheepishly disappointed and as white as ghosts when they saw wo were too much and too strong to be bounced by them. You see \\-j this that 1 am a spiritist. 