MISCELLANY. From the " Dear FteiBTED. "—Widows' costume for Brighton—Seaweed*. Mob. Doc." being ratber fin awkward. de gree, "fiddle D.D."jU ieoonunended a*the proper ; thing for Musicians.—American Paper. At a recent church collection for missions. in America, the preacher 'feelingly said, " My, good brethren, let me cantion those of you who put in buttons not to break off theeye. It spoils them for use." t Theatrical.—The new drama, "Plain English," at the Holbbni, is we hear, to be followed by another,' entitled 41 Ugly IriBh," and a1 bo a new Caledonian sensation play, to be called "Unprepossess ing Biotch." "Bjddy," said a lady to her servant, "I wish you would step over and see bow old Mrs. Jones is this morning." In a few minuteB Biddy returned with the information that Mir*. Jonee was just 71! years, eeyen months, and two days old. . A Ripper. — Mr. Jefferson's Rip Van Winkle has so delighted bis countrymen (when they found it had been appreciated in England) that be is asked to build a theatre of his own, and go on acting it for years. This is, to use a Yankee phrase,41 letting him Kip with a vengeance!" The Fashions.—One of the fashion organs of Paris sate :—"Various shades of colour have been successfully patronised by the Parisian world of fashion ; »e have had the Metternich green, the Bi.njaick reddish-brown, Ate. Bepoit says that the tint likely 'o be in vogue next winter will be the eau dn Nil, a charming melange of grey and green, with a silver glaze presenting the changing aspect of run ning water." New Orleans relates a case of absent mindedness. A gentleman, writing a letter at the breakfast table, dipped his pen in the coffee, and con tinued biB letter. Noticing his mistake, he put a large lump of sugar ill the ink, and then, finding his second blunder, poured the contents of the inkstand into the coffee oup, to set it right. More New Novels.—Rare news for young ladies2 The book market, we hear, is glutted with new novels. By the help of a clairvoyant we mention one or two which probably, ere long, will be in every body's hands" The Deal Doora romantic story by the author of 41 The Ivory Gate." "Jly Friend's Grandmother:" a sentimental sequel to " My Enemy's Daughter." 41 Ins and Guts of Life:" a realistic novel, by the anther of " Up and Down the World." " Declined with Thanks:" a sequel to the love story of "Twice Refused." "The Pie and the Pudding:" a domestic novel, by the writer of " The Crust and the Cake" " In Corduroys and Highlowg:" a rustic story, by the author of " In SOk Attire." A Toilet Car.—The Empress Eugenie .has invented a toilet car, whereon her whole dress may be changed without inconvenience or lo s of time. Thus, on lier arrival in Lyons, after having passed by the last station in a plain travelling costume of a little black straw hat and wreath of flowers, a tight black tunic, and dark blue skirt, she appeared at the gare oT Lyons, where the authorities were waiting to see her, in a magnificent court dress, of sea green satin, with a long train of the same fastened on each shoulder with a dark-red rose; a splendid pearl necklace clasped with rubies, and a coiffure of water lilies and ruby studs, to the immense admiration of the bourgeois of the place, who felt the compliment, and acknowledged it accordingly. A Gallant Candidate.—On the day of the declaration of the poll in East Cheshire, the hustings at Macclesfield was crowded with the friends of the candidates, and on the Conservative side manv ladies had Tanged themselves. During the proceedings an egg was thrown which struck one of the byetaudere, and a slight portion of its contents fell on the dress 'of Miss Turner, of Godley. Next day the lady received the following letter, with a handsome blue silk dress, from Mr. Cuniiffe Brookes, the successful candidate : —"Barlow-ball, Stretfo d, Manchester,Oct. 12,1889.— Dear Miss Turner,—It was with great regret that I saw your dress stained by the egg thrown ac the hustings, which weifc yesterday graced by yourself and other fair ladies of our county. 1 hope you will favour me by accepting the accompanying dress to replace the one which suffered in the Conservative cause —I am, yours sincerely, Wn. Cuxliffe Brookes." The Two Ghosts.—Sir Walter Scott used to tell with much zest a story of a man who tried to frighten his friend by enuounteiing him at midnight on a lonely spot which was supposed to be the resort of a ghostly visitant. He took bis seat on the haunted stone, wrapped in a long white sheet Presently, to his horror, the real ghost appeared, and sat down be side him with the ominous ejaculation, " Yon are a ghost and 1 am a ghost; lot ns come closer and closer together." And closer and closer thegliost pressei, till the sham ghost, overcome with terror, fainted away. This, we fear, is the fate which awaits the Ritual imi tators of the Church of Rome. That mighty ghost— " the ghost of the deceased Roman empire"—the ghost of the dead Middle Ages—will press closer and closer to our poor dreesed-up ghost till the greater ab sorbs the lesser, or deprives it, by mere juxtu position, of any true spiritual life.—-*' Edinburgh Review." Cdrioes Will.—The following singular will was made by a miser in Ireland:—" I give and bequeath to my sister-in-law, Mary Dennes, four old worsted stockiugs. w hich she will find underneath my bed; to my nephew, Charles Macanney, two other pair of stockings, lying in the box where I keep mv linen; to Lieutenant Johnson,of His Majesty's 5th Regiment of Foot, my only pair of white cotton stockings, and my old scarlet great coat; and to Hsnnali Burke, my housekeeper, in return for her long and faithful services, my cracked earthen pitcher." Hannah, in high wrath, told the other legatees that she resigned her valuable share of the property, and then retired. In an equal rage Charles kicked 'down the pitcher, and, as it broke, a multi tude of guiueas burst out and rolled along the floor. This fortunate discovery induced those present to examine the stockings, which, to their great joy, were crammed with money.—'' Cassell's Magazine." An Ambassador's Disappointment.—Could BriUateBavarin be born again be might find a fertile theme for his witty and vivacious pen in the annals of diplomatic gastronomy, which has made some strides forward during the 40 years that have elapsed since the publication of his immortal " Physiologie." It per haps was to in his day also, bnt it now is universally admitted that no amount of historic lore or early education, of brilliant perceptiveness or profound sagacity, can effectually serve an ambassador unless he be backed by an accomplished cook. Failing such an auxiliary he must sometimes be driven to uncertain expedients, and exposed to painful disappointahsnts. A striking instance of this has just bean displayed before the Paris Tribunal of Commerce. It appears that on the 28th of December last; Sir Charles Lennox Wyke, Her Britannic Majesty's Representative at Copenhagen, had thehonpnr of receiving at dinner the King of Denmark, the Prinoe and Princess of Wales, the Russian ambassador, and other distinguished per sons. The Danish capital is not the city of all others . where Boy er or Fttuicatelli might desire to pitch his tent and erect frig Jhrnaoe; its culinary resources, if the reports of recent travellers in those region* may be credited, ate of tmlmniblB kind, and theMsrchwa de Comestibles or Dolicatessen-Handlung is oftesr but poorly supplied. So Sir Charles Wyke's msitro dTiDtel Sent orders to Paris for apppipletp assortmeatof truffled 1»AeySMdpariTidgeaoB«wpl^]gfi?he, and fruit, and toaweU.knbwrironfeetiouer.'biasumatuouedesssrCTho bonbons nnd bv eer.meats arrived in due course, but the . viands, the sol ji andeavonty portion 'of the repai t, .paid Ibr beforehand; did not nypaav The ffctb -d(rtmed, asDocijahu dr y* are :q:f n dawn in those drharylatitudes, (roomy, rainy, »t<,<iaiy. Ai 4 Legation the uneasiness war. gyem. The -.ns dre d'ho; ^passed his morning oh the top of vl:o house, attaining FWg Byes XhroTagh a telescope in svavch of tins steamer whithiwrethe fortunes tu tin .v at Courier afrel OQU^er teskde-.'aUbei'to. the railway station; the telegraph was'so! u, work; top:. titan ouoo, at ;he day wore aijwtaian on thong!.*- ol casting hiwselfhito ll„. «trvet-h-.v.w, atebseekiut, refuge from his misery in milc.oY,' ' gainer tilde cml the King; and the Princes. iftfinU thn#<«ly'iit»:« ] «•>*, andprobably Bir C. W; ke'r.tiini.-ej went oh axiresueiy * abecm** of thw riririan -.*• well* innpite of the: It whdSnxktiottr, all tirena*.t o. and whi ti-fes^he ird.; of January, five ihv« after i: <• feasts the tiutiljj&.cusni' arrived. itsoont u:--: a g-r.it deal too high for fosyh'w?# ( to eat them, it, .is m.-t r -p'jd.ig af the plenipotentiary, iai.iv o jiti-.e.l at tb d«;rieno: m h& „• dinnertbanat-tn'e I; ss to Lis Tarse, rssolred, .* V<!l* the Pari* purvey or f..-i the Aiional iie tied pten-nvuvtiv .piilim 5S»e pcmoyoi. «p '' * SpatcbMI&e; savout y p a ait age 1 s pwtolbunalbasjmid^^Ll^ l^*to ccripfJi'iate "sad 