porting. A NEW JOCKEY CLUB. Let there be one more attempt to form a Jockey Club!-Such is the decree of an influential meeting of sporting men which took place at the Globe Hotel on October 21. The time that has elapsed since the last Club gave up the ghost is lengthening into years, and those who have never ceased to chafe under the thought of South Australia's destitution in Turf matters are determined to make another effort. There never was the faintest idea of suffer ing horse- racing to become defunct, and the interregnum that teas expected to prove sufficient to revive the sporting instinct has now expired. The colony has long enough stood the reproach of beingthe only province unable to number Turf pursuits amongst its local industries, and the cordial way in which the hint to resuscitate the Jockey Club was received on Friday night gives assurance of more satis factory results than attended the abortive action taken more than a twelvemonth ago. The initiation of the movement is committed to one who has exhibited an ardent love for field sports in various forms, and if he fails it will not be from want of exertion. There certainly should be no need to contemplate such a contin gency as failure. So long as Turf affairs are so mournfully neglected as they have been, South Australia can scarcely hope to keep up her name as a good horse-breeding country. She may be able to send out an article that will give satisfaction, but she cannot hope to attract the notice of outside customers. More than that, besides losing her name and character she will not have the means of enabling breeders to make public trial of their young stock and to compart their horses with those having a different pedi gree. The natural, the inevitable effect of this must be to give them a leaning towards other colonies that offer them greater facili ties. No doubt the perpetual feud about the racecourses has caused more delay and dissatisfaction than anything else, but if a strong Club was organized this question might easily be settled afterwards. At all events, the disagreements of the past and difficulties of the present should not be allowed to keep the colony hopelessly in arrear of her neighbours in this matter. 