ROLAND YORKE! BY THE AUTHOR OF " EAST. LYNNE," CHAPTER XXI. AS IRON INTO THE SOUL'. HAMISH CHANNING'S book was out. He had left the tea table for his study, with the re- doubtable Snarler, which contained a review of the work. The best energies of his power and intellect had Hamish Channing given to the book ; the gift of genius, which had certainly been bestowed largely upon him, was exercised and brought to bear. No merit to him for that he could not help exercising it. It appeared to him, this writing for his fellow men, to be the one special end for which he was sent into the world where every man has his appointed land peculiar aptitude for some one calling or duty, though it happens that a vast many never find it out until too late. A man reared, as had been James Channing, to good ;, anxious to live / heroin the single-minded fulfilment of every s/ duty, using the world only as a passage to a better, can but write as a responsible agent s, whether he may be working at a religious tract or a story of fiction, he does it as to his Creator, im- ploring day by day that he may be helped in it. Had Hamish been required to write without that sense of responsibility upon him, he would have put aside his pen. And the disappointment ! the rude, pitiless condemning shook ! It might be that such was necessary; that it had been sent direct from heaven. The least sinful man on earth may have need of such, a Again and again Hamish read the re- * viewing article from beginning to end. Read, and re-read it. It was as if the lines possessed the fatal fascination of the basilisk, attracting him against his will. He writhed under the executioner's knife, while he submitted to it. The book was a good and brilliant work, betraying its genius in every line, well conceived, well plotted, ably written. It was one of those that take the whole imagination of the reader captive ; one that a man is all the better for reading, and rises up from with a subdued spirit, hushed breath, and a glowing heart. While on chaining man's deepest interest, it yet insensibly led his thoughts to Heaven. 'Simple though it was in its pure Saxon diction, its sentiments were noble, generous, and exalted. Not a thought was there to offend, not a line that, for its purity, might not have been placed in the hands of his child. Modest, us all gifted with true genius are yet possessing (for that must always be), a latent consciousness of his great power, Hamish had looked forward for success to his book, as surely as he had looked for Heaven. That it could be a failure, he had simply never thought of; that it should be badly received, ridiculed, condemned, written down, had not entered his imagination. Had he been told such might be the result, he would have quietly answered that it was impossible. In all matters where the mind and feelings, the inward, silent hopes and fears, are deeply touched, it cannot be but that we are sensitively alive to the opinions of our fellow men, and swayed by their judgment. As Hamish Chan- ning read and re-read, learning the cruel sentences almost by rote, his heart failed within him. For the time being he thought he must have erred in supposing the book so good that it must be a foolish and mistaken book, deserv- ing only of their sharp criticism and a HOUSe of' humiliation, than which nothing could be more intensely painful, took possession of his spirit. But the belief could not remain. The mood changed again. The book resumed nearly its estimated place in his mind, and the sense of humiliation was superseded by the smarting conviction of cruel injustice What had he or his book done that they should be so reviled ? " Lord, thou knowest all things I surely I have not deserved this !" irrepressible broke from the depths of his anguish. No, he had not deserved it. As some others have not, who yet have had to bear it. It is one of the world's hard lessons, one that very few are appointed to learn. injustice, and evil, and oppression exist in the world, and must exist until its end. Only then shall we understand wherefore they are permitted. Pardon, reader, if a line or two sown to be repeated. The many months of toil, the patient night labor, that but for the hope-spring rising in the buoyant heart might have been found too wear- ing ; the self-denial over exercised ; the weary night watching end working-all had been thrown back upon Hamish Channing, and rendered, as it were, nugatory. Try and picture to yourselves what this labor is its aspirations of reward, its hopes of appreciation-and for a wickedly disposed man, or simply a carelessly indifferent man, or a vain, presumptuous man, or a man that has some petty spite to gratify against author or publisher, or rival reviewer, or a man that writes in wanton idleness, to dash it down with a few strokes of a pen I Such things have been. They will be again. But if Gerald Yorke, and others like him, would consider how they violate the divine law of en- joined kindness, it might be that the pen would now and then pause. Would Gerald have to answer for it at the great day of reckoning ? Ah that is a question very little thought of: one perhaps difficult to answer. He had set himself deliberately in his foolish envy, in his ill-conditioned spirit, to work in to Hamish Channing to put down and write down the book that he know was depended on to bring back its return, that was loved and cherished almost as life. It was within the range of possibility that he might work more ill than he bargained for Heaven is not in the habit of saying to man by way of reminder when he gets up in the morning, " I am looking at you ;" but it has told us such a thing as that every secret work and thought and action shall be brought to light, whether it be good or who them it be evil. Gerald ignored that, after the fashion of this busy world and was perfectly self-complacency under the ignoring. . Only upon such a mind' as Hamish Chan mingle, with his nervous attributes of genius, his refined sensitiveness, could the review have brought home its worst bitterness. Fortunately such minds are very rare. Gerald Yorke had little conception of the extent of its fruit. He would have set on and sworn off his anger, and called the writer, who could thus stab in the dark, a false coward, and sent him by wishes to all kinds of unorthodox places, and vowed aloud to his friends that he should like to horsewhip or shoot him. Thus the brunt, with him, would have been worked off ; never so much as touch ing so vital feelings of Gerald possessed any. It was another thing with Hamish Channing. He could almost have died rather than have spoken of the attack to any living man s and if forced to it, as we are sometimes forced to the welcome alongside would have brought the red blush of shame to his sensitive brow, to his shrinking spirit. He sat on; on, with his aching heart. One band was pressed upon his chest : a dull pain had seated itself there. Never again, as it seemed to him, should he look up from the blow. More and more the cruelty and the injustice struck upon him. Does it so strike upon you, reader The book was not perfection (I never yet met with one that was, in spite of what the reviews chose to affirm of Mr. Gerald Yorke's), but it was at least written in an earnest, truthful spirit to the utmost of the abilities God had given him. How had it invoked this requital? Hamish pondered the question, and could not answer it. What had he done to be shown up to the public ; a butt for any that would to pitch acorn at P There was no appeal ; there could be no redress. The book had been held forth to the world at least to the thousands of it that would read the Snarler-as a bad and incapable book, one they must avoid as the work of a miserably presumptive and incap- able man. A slight movement in the next room, and Mrs. Channing came in with Nelly. Miss Nelly, in consideration of a late substantial tea had not been sent to bed at the customary hour. Hamish slipped the review inside his table desk, and greeted them with a smile, sweet-tempered as ever under the blow. But his wife saw that some change lay on his face. " Is anything the matter, Hamish ? You look sworn as if you had received some ill news.' " Do I ? I am a little tired, Holes. It has been very hot to-day." "I thought you were not going to work to-night." " Oh, I am not working. Well, young lady, what now?" Miss Nelly had climbed on his knees. She had been brought in to say good- night. " When's the ship coming home, paper He suddenly bent down and hid his face on the child's bright one. Heaven alone knew what the moment's suffering was, and how he contrived not to betray it. " Will it come to-morrow, papa ?" " We shall see, darling. I don't know." The subdued, patient tone had something of hopelessness in it. Mrs. Channing thought he must be very tired. " Como, Nelly ; it is late you know." He kissed the child tenderly as ever, but so quietly, and whispered a prayer for God to bless her his tone was one of subdued pain, almost as though his heart were breaking. And Nelly went dancing out, talking of the ship and the good things it was to bring. Quite immediately, a gentleman was shown in. It was the publisher of the book. Late though the hour was, he had come in some per- turbation, bringing a copy of the Snarler. "Have you any one my, Mr. Channing ?" was nearly the first question he asked, when he found Hamish had seen the article. " Not one in the wide world, so far as I know." " The review of your book is so remarkably unjust, so entirely at variance with fact and truth, that I should say only an enemy could have done it," persisted the publisher. " Look, besides, that the rancour of its language, its evident animus I scarcely over read so aggravated an attack." But still Hamish could only reiterate his conviction. " I have no enemy." " Well, it is a great pity ; a calamity, in short. When once an author's reputation is made and he is a favorite with the public, bad reviews cannot harm him but to a first book, where the author is unknown, they are sometimes fatal." " Yes, I suppose they are," acquiesced Hamish. " We must wait now for the others, Mr. Channing. And hope that they will be the reverse of this. But it is a Bad thing-and, I must say, a barefaced injustice." Nothing more could be said, nothing done. The false review was in the hands of the public, and Hamish and his publisher were alike power- less to arrest or remedy it. The gentleman went out, leaving Hamish alone. Alone with the blow and its anguish. He felt like one who has been living all night in a sweet dream and been rudely awsjeonod to some terrible reality. The sanguine hopes of years were dashed away; life's future prospects had broken themselves up. If over the iron entered into the soul of man, it had surely passed into that of James Channing. The injustice told upon him worse than all the unmerited stab wound would damage him for use. in his bosom's bitter strife, ho almost dared to ask how men could be permitted thus to prey one upon another, and not be checked by Heaven's lightning. But, to that there might be no answer : others have asked it before him. "So I returned, and considered all the op E passions that are done under the sun : and he old the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was power ; but they had no comforter. Wherefore I praised the dead which are already dead more than the living which are yet alive." Involuntarily, with a strange force, these words passed through the mind of James Chan- ning." But the wise King-and God had given him more than earthly wisdom could give no explanation of why this should be. CHAPTER XXII. DURING THE AUTUMN. THIS must be called the third part of the story, if we may reckon the short commencing prologue as the first. The year had gone on to October, and that month was quickly passing. The lapse of time, some three or four months, had not brought any change worth recording people and things were in the main very much in the position that they had been but a slight ' summary of progress must be given. Bede Greatorex had been on the wing. IN early August he went abroad with his wife, choosing Switzerland as his first halting-ground. Bede had proposed some place (if that could be found less frequented by the English and Mrs. Bede had retorted that if he wanted to vegetate in an outlandish desert, he might go to it alone. in the invariable kindness and consideration Bede observed to her, over to her whims, he yielded and they went off in the commotion wake of a shoal of staring tourists, ' with another commotions shoal behind them. . Mr. Greatorex it was who had insisted on the holiday for Bede. " You are getting more incapable of hard work every day," he plainly said to him " a rest will, I hope, restore you ; and take it you must." Bede yielded. That he was very much in need of a change of some sort, he knew. And of rest also-if he could only get it. But the latter might be more hard to obtain than Mr. Greatorex suspected or imagined. So they went to Switzerland first : Bede and his wife, and her maid Tallet. Bede thought the party would have been a vast deal more compact and comfortable without the lady's- j maid, not to speak of the additional expense, and he gently hinted as much. The hint was quite lost on Mrs. Bede, who took not the smallest notice of it. In point of fact, that lady (besides being incorrigibly idle, never doing an earthly thing for herself had absolute need of artistic aid in the matter of making-up face and shape and hair and attire alike requiring daily renovation. From Switzerland they went rushing about to other places, not at all necessary to note, and got back home the middle of October, after rather more than two months' absence being followed by nearly a fourth of fashions from Paris for that seductive capital had been their last resting-place, and Mrs. Bede had found its magazines seductive also. Rode winced at the cheques he had to give. Mr. Greatorex started with alarm when he saw his son. They got home at night, having come up by the tidal train from Folkestone, which had been somewhat delayed in consequence of the boat's rough passage. During their absence, it had been the quietest and happiest home imaginable : Mr. Greatorex, Annabel Channing, and the little girl forming it Frank Greatorex having holiday as well as Bede. For visitors they had Henry William Ollivera and Roland Yorke, one or the other dropping in to tea twice or thrice a week. Mr. Greatorex was as a very father to Annabel and Miss June, subjected to regularity and desirable influences only, was on her best behaviour. The old lawyer, in the happy quiet, the relief conferred by the absence of noise and Mrs. Bede, thought the good old times must be coming back again. All three were sitting together in the drawing room when Bede and his wife got in. The' chandelier's rays flashed full on Bede's face, and Mr. Greatorex started. Far from his son's having derived benefit from the prolonged tour, he looked worse than ever ; his cheeks hollow and hectic, his face altogether were. Perhaps for the first time it struck Mr. Greatorex, as he glanced from one to the other, that she likewise looked thin and worn, with restless eyes and hollow cheeks, hectic also. But in the hectic there was this difference: Bodo's was natural, horse was put on. What would they have been without the rouge ? Bede said he was better. When Mr. Greatorex spoke seriously to him on the following morning, recommending that there should be a consultation, Bede laughed. He declared that the rest from business had done him an immense deal of good. This Oh of course he was thin. So was Louisa-did Mr. Greatorex not notice it? Taller was the same for the matter of that: they had gone whirling about from place to place a little too fast, he supposed, making a toil of pleasure. And then the dreadful sea passage I-of course they looked the worse last night, but they were both all right this morning. So spoke Bede, and went to work with a will really with some of his old energy. He appeared fresh and tolerably well after the night's rest and Mr. Greatorex felt reassured. Gerald Yorke was another who had taken holiday. Gerald had managed to get an invita- tion to cruise in the Honorable Mr. Fuller's yacht, and Gerald, with two or three other invited guests, went careering off in it for the space of six weeks. Before starting, he had fully accomplished his reviewing work with regard to Hamish Channing's book but that can be left until later. Gerald. enjoyed himself amazingly. The yacht put into foreign ports on occasion, and they got a few days' land cruise. The honorable owner treated his friends right royally, and Gerald had not felt so much at case since he was a boy. By a slice of luck, which Gerald hardly believed in at the time, he had induced Vincent Yorke to lend him fifty pounds, and he thought himself laudably generous in dividing this with his wife. " Now mind, Winny," he said to her on the morning of his departure, "I shall be away five weeks. It can't take you five pounds a week to live and pay rent, BO I shall expect you to have a good sum in hand when I got back. I'll drop you a letter now and then, but you" not be able to write to me, as we shall be moving about from place to place just as the wind or the mood takes us." Therefore, on the score of his wife and children, Gerald was entirely at case and he quite expected, after his charge to Wiuny, that she would have something like eight or ten pounds left of the twenty-five at least, that she ought to have. He was out of reach of creditors too ; the future he did not allow to the use of him (he never did), and Gerald gave himself wholly up to the enjoyment of the present. Little did Gerald Yorke suspect, as he leaned over the side of the yacht in seductive indolence, smoking his cigar and sipping his iced Burgundy, that poor Winny'a money had come to an end before the second week was over. It might not have cost him a single moment's care if he had known it, for Gerald was one upon whom no earthly person's trouble made the smallest impression, unless it touched him personally. effectually out of the way himself, Winny might just have done as she best could. Gerald would have wished he was at hand to tell her she do Served a shaking for her folly, and dismissed the matter from his mind. The way the money went so soon was this. Gerald's man-servant in chambers, just as glad as his master to get a respite from troublesome creditors, who went well nigh to wear his patience out, informed one of that ill-used body of men where Mr. Gerald Yorke had gone, on the very day following the departure-" Cruising over the seas in a lord's yacht to foreign parts, and likely to be away till winter." Of course this struck the applicant dumb. He happened to know that Gerald Yorke had a wife and family in town, and he set himself forthwith to learn their address, which he found not very difficult of accomplishment. His own debt was not a heavy one, rather short of six pounds. Down he went, demanded on interview with Mrs. Yorke, and so scared her SOUBOS away by insisting upon instant paymont, there and then, that Winny handed out the money. Other creditors got to know of this ; they went down too, and insisted upon the same prompt payment on their score. Winny had many virtues no doubt but there was one she could certainly not boast of-courage in all that related to debt and its attendant annoyances, she was hired as a fawn. To be pressed for an account and not pay it if he had the money in her possession, was simply impossible to Winifred Yorke. But this I think has been hinted at before. When the last five tion of the twenty-five pounds had left her in a payment of four pounds ten to a stern-looking, but by no means abusive man) Winny burst into tears : saying aloud that she did not expect her husband home for weeks, did not know where to write to him, and had not a sixpence left for herself and her poor little children. Upon that the man put the half-sovereign back into Mrs. Yorke's hand without a word, and departed. So there was Winny, literally without a six pence, save for this ten shillings, and Gerald not quite two weeks gone. But for Hamish Channing and his wife she might really have starved j most certainly she would have been turned out of doors for the landlady, nearly tired of Mr. Gerald Yorke's uncertain finances had never kept her. Miss Cook said she could not afford to let rooms and get no rent and no doubt that was true. Away went Wiuuy with her grief and helplessness to Mrs. Channing. It was an awkward dilemma, an embarrassing appeal, and Ellen Channing felt it as such. On the one hand there was too poor woman, and her not much more helpless children on the other, Ellen was aware that Hamish had already aided her far more extensively than he could afford. . Oh, it was true. Many and many a little luxury (Gerald would have called it a necessary) that Hamish required in his failing health for it had begun to fail-did he debar himself of for the sake of Gerald Yorke's wife and children. His heart ached for them. He took not the smallest pleasure, he often walked when he ought to have rode, he would eat bread and cheese for his lunch, or a dry roll when he should have had a chop, that he might give the saved money to Mrs. Yorke. In those golden dreams of fame and fortune, when his book was approaching completion, and the realisation of its returns had apparently been drawing very near (months ago now, it seemed to be, since they were dreamt out), Hamish had cherished a little delightful plot : of setting Gerald on his legs again anonymously-of putting him straight with the world, and perhaps something over that he might see his way at least a little clearer towards a more satisfactory state of household matters for himself and Winny jointly. This had been frustrated through the book's being written down, as already partially told of, and a corner of the grief in Hamish Channing's weary heart was sighing' itself out for Gerald's sake. Hamish said not a word of the disappointment to a living soul we are speaking now in regard to Gerald-his wife had been his sole confidant, and he did not alluded to it even to her. To Hamish, it seemed that there was only the more necessity for helping Gerald, in administering to the necessities of his forsaken wife. And Gerald's wife had invented a pleasant fable. As the weeks went on after Winny come to London, it was not possible but that Gerald should see some one must help her with money. Put to it for an excuse, one day that Gerald asked the question point-blank, and not daring to say it was Hamish or Ellen Channing, Winny declared it was her mother. Gerald stared a little. Mrs. Eales lived somewhere down in Wales, and existed on an annuity of sixty pounds a year. But though he wondered how the good old mere contrived to help Winny so much, or in fact at all, he inquirceLno farther. She might be reducing herself to a crust and a glass of water a day ; might be, for aught he knew, forestalling her income wholesale ; Gerald was complacently content to let it be so. And thus matters had been going on Winny in want always, and Hamish taxing himself and his needs to help her. In September, the office he served offered him a fortnight's holiday, thinking he looked as if he required it Hamish thanked them, but declined. He had no spirits for taking holiday, and the helping of Gerald's family left him no funds for it. And when Winny burst into Mrs. Channing's one afternoon, with this last confession, that she was utterly penniless, save for the half-sovereign the man throw back, and should be so until Gerald came some weeks hence, telling it in the hearing of her three little girls, her face woe begone, her tears and sobs fit to choke her, Ellen Channing felt annoyed and vexed. Mixed with her compassion for Gerald's wife, there was a feeling that they had already done more for her than they were justified in doing. Ellon would have liked to fortnight's holiday very much indeed on her own record. A suspicion had begun to dawn upon her but her husband was not so strong as he might be, and she spoke to him. It was only the London heat that made him feel weak, Hamish answered, perhaps really thinking so. Very well, argued Ellon, then there was all the more necessity for getting out of it to the seaside for a change. And he would have been glad enough to take the change had funds allowed it. Considering that the small amounts of help incessantly applied to the needs of Mrs. Gerald Yorke would have taken them to the sea-side over so many times over, Mrs. Channing had felt it. And to have this fresh demand made when she had supposed Winny was safe for some weeks to come, to hear the avowal that she wanted money for ovcrthing-food and lodging and washing and sundries, did strike Mrs. Channing as being a little too much. Ellen Channing had been, UB Ellen Huntley, roared to liberality. She was large-hearted by nature, open-handed by habit. To refuse to continue to aid Mrs. Yorke in her helpless need, would have gone against her inclination, but to continue to supply her at any cost was almost equally so. What to do, and what Winny would do, she could not think. The first thing was, to take Winny's things off and comfort her for the rest of the day ; the next was to Bond who children to Miss Nelly in the nursery ; the third to wait until Hamish came in. He arrived at the usual hour, his face a little brighter than it had been of late. However James Channing might strive to conceal the curious pain-not physical yet, only montal always growing at his heart-strings, and to put on a brave smile before his wife and the world, she detected that all was not right with him, Leaving Winny, on the plea that she would see whether the children were at tea yet, Mrs. Channing followed her husband into his dressing-room. He had just dried his hands when she entered, and was turning to the glass to brush his hair. She stood by, while telling him of Wiuny's piteous state, and the impossibility, as it seemed, that they could do much for her. " YCB we can, Ellon," he said, turning to her with his bright smile, when the recital was over. " I have had a slice of luck to-day." " A slice of luck !" " Even BO. You remember Martin Pope, poor fellow, who somehow got down in the world at Helstonleigh, and borrowed a little money from me to get him up in it again ?" " Yes, I remember. It was sixty pounds." " Well, Ellen, he has been rather long getting up, but it is really coming at lost. He called in at the office of this morning, and repaid to the half of the loan. Poor Martin ! he is honor- able as the day. He says the not being able to repay me when the bank went worried him terribly and all the more so, because I never bothered him." "Did you not ask him for it, then?" '* No. I was sure he had it not in his power to refund and so left him in peace. Ellon, if I were dying for money if I saw my wife and child dying for it I think I could not be harsh with those who owed it to, where I knew they were helpless in means, though good in will to pay." He had put down the brush, and was taking a small pocket of notes from his pocket-book, 'laughing rather gaily. " I'm like a schoolboy showing his treasures. See, love. Six five-pound notes. We can help Mrs. Winny." Ellen's fair fresh face broke into dimples. " And we can take a holiday, too, Hamish ?" " Ah, no. At least I can't. That's over." " But why ?" " Because, when I declined the holiday, the clerk handed me was allowed to take one, and an other of them is ill. I must stick to my post this year." The dimples hid themselves the expectant face clouded over. He noticed it. "I am very sorry, Ellon. If you would like to go, and take Nelly and nurse--" " Oh, Hamish, you know I would not," she interrupted, vexed that he should even suggest such a thing. " I only care for it for your sake for the rest it would be to you." " I don't care about it for myself, love." He drew her to him as she passed on her way to quit the room, and kissed her fondly. Ellon let her hand rest for a moment on his neck ; she never looked at him now but a feeling of apprehension darted through her that he was not as strong us he ought to be, Hamish closed the door after her, finished his toilet, and then stood looking from the open window. The world had changed to him for some little time now ; the sunshine had gone out of it. That one bitter, cruel review, had been followed up by others more cruel, if possible, more bitter. The loading papers were all against him. How he battled with it at the time, and made no sign he hardly know. To heart and spirit it was a death-blow for both scoured alike to have had their very life crushed out. He went on his way still, fulfilling every duty, every daily obligation, in kindly courteous ness as of yore, believing that the world saw nothing. In good truth the world did not. Save that his sunny smile had always a tinge of sadness in it, that he seemed to get a trifle thinner, that his voice, though sweet us ever, was low and subdued, the world noticed nothing. Ellon alone saw it saw that a blight had fallen upon the inward spirit. But she little guessed to what extent. Hamish himself did not. All he knew was, that a more cruel blow had been dealt to him than he had supposed it possible to be experienced in this life. When by chance his eye would fall on a volume of his work, his very soul seemed to turn sick and faint. It was as if he had cast his whole hopes upon a die, and lost it. His dreams of fame, his visions of that best reward, appreciation, had failed away and left him nothing but darkness. Darkness, and worse than darkness for out of it loomed mortification and humiliation and shame. The contrast alone went well nigh to kill him. In the pursuit of his high artistic ideal, he had lived and moved and almost had his being. The ills of life had touched him not the glorious, expectant aspirations that made his world shielded him from life's frowns. It is ever so with those very few whom the Divine gift of genius has made its own. As the grand hope of fruition drew nearer, it had scorned lo Hamish, the moments, that realisation had actually come, The laurel crown seemed to rest upon his head ; who longed for prize all but touched his expectant lips. No wonder, when the knell of till this light and hope and blessedness seemed suddenly out, that the better part of Hamish Channing' i life, his vitality, went with it. He worked on still. His papers for the maga- zines were got up IIB before, for he could not afford to let them cease. Gerald Yorke, borrowing here, borrowing there might go career ing off in yachts, and pass weeks in idleness, sending work and came to his friend the Deuce ; but. Hamish and Gerald were essentially different mon. Even this evening, after Hamish should have dined, he must got to his toilsome work. It was felt as a toil now : the weary pain, never quitting his bosom, took ill energy from him. He stood holding the window curtain in his rather fragile hand more fragile than it used to be. The sky that evening was very lovely. Bright purple clouds, bordered with cut edge of shining gold, were crowding the west ; a brighter shoot of gold underneath them seemed as if it must be flooding the other side of the world, to which the son was swiftly passing, with its dazzling dawn of burnished radiance. Hamish could but notice it it is not often that a sunset is so beautiful. insensibly, as he gazed, thoughts stole over him of that OTHER world, where there shall be no need of the sun to lighten it where there shall be no more bitter tears or breaking hearts where Borrow and trouble shall have passed away. Those Batnu thoughts came to him very often now, and always with a kind of yearning. AS he took his hand from the curtain, with that deep Bobbing sigh, or rather involuntary catching of the brough, which is a sure token of some long conceded enduring sorrow or else it is never board the signet ring fell from his little finger. It had grown too large for him as we are all apt to say. If I don't take care, I shall lose it, thought Hamish. And that would have been regarded as a misfortune, for it had been his father's, no one Mr. Channing always wore and used. This was the third time it had slipped off with a run. Hamish BOW his wife's work-box on the table, looked in it, and found some black sowing-silk. This he wound round and round the ring, hastily, for ho know dinner must be ready. Thus secured, he put it on again, and left the room. The children heard his stop, and came bounding out of the nursery, Miss Nelly springing into his arms. He kissed her very tenderly ; he lovingly put back her golden hair. He took up the other little things and kissed them in turn, asking if they had had love- letters from paps. Looking into the nursery, he inquired whether they had plenty of jam and such-like good things on the tea-table, telling nurse to see that little Rosy, who could not fight for herself, got her share and then, leaving them with his pleasant and, his sunny smile, he went to the drawing-room, and gave their mother his arm to take her down to dinner, whispering to her for she seemed in a low state, her tears on the point of bursting out-that he would make it all right for her until her husband came home. And it was that husband, that father, who had worked him all the ill! Hamish suspected it not. Cowards and malicious ones, such as Gerald, stab in the dark. And so September went on, and October drew near, and by-and-by Mr. Gerald Yorke arrived at home again. Winny, who had no more tact than her youngest infant, the little Rosy, greeted her husband with a flood of tears, and the news of how she had been obliged to pay away the twenty-five pounds in settling his bills. Gerald called her a fool to her face, and frowned aw- fully. Winny only sobbed. Noxthodomanded, with a few more ugly words that might have been well left out, how the devil she had managed to go on. Between choking and shrink ing, the answer was nearly inaudible, and Go- rald bent his head to catch it she had had a little more help from " mamma." Was Mrs. Gerald Yorke's decoit excusable ? Even under the circumstances few may think it so. And yet it was a choice between this help, and the very worst discomfort that could full upon her debt. Winny was shrewd in some things : else knew all about her husband's ill feeling to Mr. Channing ; she know about the reviews and she really did believe that if Go- rald got to hear whence her help had come, he would shake as he shook Kitty. In her utter look of moral courage, she could but keep up the deception. But Gerald Yorke had come home in feather, a prize rose in his button-hole. By dint of plausible statements to Mr. Fuller, he had got that honorable friend to lend him two hundred pounds. Or rather, strictly speaking, to got it lost to him. With this money safely buttoned up in his pocket, Winny's penniless state was not quite so harshly condemned as it might otherwise have been but when Winny timidly asked for some money to " pay mamma back," Gerald shortly answered that he had none, mamma must wait. And so, at this, the opening of the third part of the story, Gerald Yorke was flourishing. A great man he, in his chambers again, free from dues for a time, giving his wine-parties, entering into the gaieties of social life, with all their waste of time and money. Winny got her rent paid now regularly, and some new bonnets for herself and the children. " I am so glad to hear that you are more at ease, Gerald," Hamish Channing said, meeting him one day accidentally, and speaking with genuine kindness, but never hinting at any debt that might be due to himself. " How have you managed it, old friend?" " Oh-aw-I-paid the harpies a- aw trifle, and havo-aw-got some credit again," answered Gerald, evading the offered hand. " Good day. I'm in a hurry." But Gerald Yorke, though flourishing in funds, was not nourishing in temper. Upon one subject it was chronically bad, and he just as angry and mortified as he could be. And that was in regard to his future prospects in the field of literature. Three or four days after his return, he paid a visit to his publishers, sun gamely hoping there might be a good round sum Coming to him, the proceeds of his book. Alas for Biihlunury expectations The acting partner met him with a severely cold face and very ill news. The Hushing laudatory reviews, written (H.E may be remembered) by Gerald himself or his bosom friends, had not much served the book, after till, in the long run. When they appeared, it caused demands for it to lion in, and a considerable number of copies went out. j But when the public got the book, they could not or would not read it and the savage libraries returned the copies to the publishers, wholly refusing to pay for them. They sent them back in shouts ; they vowed that the puffing of un utterly miserable book in the extraordinary style this one had been puffed, was nothing less than fraud : some went so far as to say that the publishers and the author and the reviewers ought all to be indicted together for conspiracy. In short the practical result was, that the book might almost be said to be withdrawn, so few copies remained in circulation. In all respects it was an utter failure. No wonder the unhappy publisher, knowing himself wholly innocent in the matter, smarting under a considerable loss, besides the fifty pounds that ought to have been advanced by Gerald, and never yet had been no wonder he met Mr. Gerald Yorke with a severe face. The only gratification afforded him lay in telling this, and enlarging rather insultingly on the worthlessness of the hook. " You, u reviewer, could not have failed to know it was bad, Mr. Yorke; one that was certain to fail signally." " No I didn't," roared Gerald. " Well, I'd recommend you never to attempt another. That field is closed to you." What the devil do you mean P-how dare you promise to give me such advice ? I shall write books without and if I think fit. My firm belief is out the failure is your fault. You must have managed badly, and not properly pushed the book." Perhaps it is my fault that the public can't read the book und won't put up with it," re- torted the publisher. Gerald flung away in a tempor-. A hazy doubt, augmenting his mortification and anger, kept making itself heard : whether this expressed opinion of the book's merits might not be the true one. Hamish Channing, though softening the flat, had said just the same. Gerald would very much liked to pitch publisher and public into she son, and Hamish Channing with them. CHAPTER XXIII. ARRIVING AT Ef'BTON SQUARE. ROLAND YORKE had stuck to his copying. During this autumn, now rapidly passing, when all the world and his wife were off on the wing, spending their money and taking out their fling at pleasure-which Roland thought uncommonly hard on him he had really put his shoulder to the wheel and dragged on at his evening work. The officer had him by day, the folios by night. And if he hindered an evening or two a week by dropping in upon Mr. Greatorex and somebody else who was in Mr. Groatorex's house, he sat up at work when he got home. Truly Roland had learnt a lesson at Port Natal, for this was very different from what he would have done in the old days at Helstonleigh. It could not be said that he was gaining a fortune. The writing came to grief sometimes ; Roland was fond of talking as over by way of recreative accompani- ment to labor, and the result would be that words were left out in places and wrong ones penned in others : upon which fresh paper had to be got, and the shoot begun again. Therefore he was advancing rather more surely than swiftly his present earnings amounting in the aggregate to two sovereigns I And these were deposited for safety in Mrs. Jones' hands. But Roland is not writing this October evening : which, all things considered, was destined to turn out rather a notable one. A remark was made in a former chapter, that Roland, from the state of ecstatic delight he was thrown into by the HOWE that Arthur Channing was about to visit London, did not quite know whether he stood on his head on the heels. Most assuredly that same remark might be applied to him this evening. Upon dashing into his room, a little before 6 o'clock, Roland found on his tea-table a letter awaiting him that had come by the day mail from Helstonleigh. Recognising Arthur's handwriting, he tore it open, road the few lines it contained, and burst forth into a shout so boisterous and prolonged, that the Rev. Mr. Ollivera, quietly reading in his drawing-room above, leaped off his Beat with consternation, fully believing that somebody was on Are. Arthur Channing was coming to London! Then. That same evening. Almost at that very hour he ought to be arriving at the Euston Square Station. Roland did not give himself leisure to digest the why and the wherefore of the journey, or to speculate upon why the station should be Euston Square and not Paddington. Arthur was coming, and that was sufficient for him. Neglecting his tour, brushing himself up, startling Mrs. Jones with the suddenness of the tidings, which he burst into her room to deliver, Roland act off for the Euston Square terminus. As usual, he had not a fraction of money that was no impediment to his arriving in time and the extraordinary manner in which he pushed his way along the streets, striding over or through all impediments, caused a crowd of ragamuffins to collect and follow him on the run, believing that, like Johnny Gilpin, he was doing it for a wager. Charles, the youngest of the Charming family, was coming home overland, via Marseilles, from India, where he had an excellent appointment. He had got it at eighteen, two years ago, and been very well until recently. All at once his health failed, and he was ordered home for a six mouths' sojourn. It was to meet him in London, where he might be expected in a day or two, and take him down to Helstonleigh, that Arthur Channing was now coming. Panting and breathless with haste, looking wild with excitement, Roland went striding on to the platform just as the train came steadily in. It was a mercy he did not get killed. Catching sight of the well-remembered face though it was aged and altered now, for the former strip- ling of nineteen had grown into the fine man of sovou-aud-twonty-Boland sprang forward and hold on to the carriage. Porters shouted, guards flow, passengers screamed it was all one to him. Soon they stood together on the platform, hand in hand : but that French customs do not prevail with us, Roland might have hugged Arthur's life out. The tears were in his eyes with the genuineness of his emotion. Roland's love for his early friend, who had once suffered so much for his sake, was no simulated one. The spectators spared a minute to turn and gaze on thompson two notable young men. Arthur was nearly as tall as Roland, very noble and distinguished. His face had not the singular bounty-as beauty-of Hamish's, but it was good cohn, handsome ; one of those that thoughtful men like to look upon. His grey eyes were dark and deep, his hair auburn. j " Arthur, old friend, I could die of joy. If you only know how often I have dreamt of this !" Arthur laughed, pressing his hand warmly, and more warmly, ere he released it. I must i BOO after my luggage at once. Roland." " And you are getting on well, Arthur ?" " Very. My salary is handsome and I be Boothe huskiness, or part of it, will be mine some day. We had better take a cab, Roland. I'll get . J of Gerald's purcel first. This small one is for Hamish. Stay a moment there." He wrote down the name of a private hotel in the Strand, where he intended to stay, requesting that his portmanteau should be sent there on its arrival. Jumping into a hansom, Roland, who had not recovered his head, gave the address of Goruld's chambers. " And how much leave have you got for London, Arthur ?" "That depends on Charley. If he comes straight on from Marseilles, he may be here in a day or two but should his health have improved on the voyage, he will probably make a stay in Paris. I am to wait for him here until he comes, Galloway says." " Very condescending of Galloway I I dare say he has given you some business to do us well, Arthur." " That's true," laughed Arthur. "I shall be engaged for him all day to-morrow I have Borne small accounts to settle for him amidst other things." " Where's the money ?" asked Roland, in a resentful tone. Arthur touched the breast-pocket of his undercoat. I have brought it up with me." "Then I devoutly hope you'll get robbed of it to-night, Arthur, to serve him out! It is a shame I 'taking up the poor bit of time you've got in London with his work I That'B Galloway all over! I mount to got holiday myself, that we might go about together." " Plenty of time for that, Boland." " I hope BO. I've got something to tell you. It's about Annabel. But we are close to Mrs. Yorke's, SO I'll not go into the thing now. Oh ! and, Arthur, old chum, I'm so vexed, so she mod, I shan't know how to look you in the face." "Whynot?" " I've no money about me to pay the cab. "Twill be a shilling. It's awfully lowering, having to meet friends upon empty pockets. I'd like to have met you with a carriage and four, with outriders ¡ and like to have a good house to bring you into, Arthur, and I've got nothing." Arthur's good, earnest eyes fixed themselves on him with all their steady affection. " You have yourself, Roland, dear old friend. You know that's all I cure for. As to funds, I am rich enough to pay for you and myself, though I stayed here for a month." " It's uncommonly mortifying, noverthcloBS, Arthur. It makes a fellow wish to be book at Port Natal. Mother Jenkins has got two sovereigns of mine, but I never thought of it before I came out." The cab stopped at Mrs. Gerald Yorke's door, and Roland dashed up with the prize. Mrs. Yorke sat with the youngest child on her lap, the other two little ones being on the carpet. Roland could hardly see them in the dusk of the room. " Its grapes," said he, " from Lady Ar, Arthur Channing says she sent them for If I were you, Mrs. Yorke, I should feed three chickens on them, and just tell Gem had done it. Halles ! what's the matter now For Mrs. Yorke broke out into sobs. " It so lovely," she said, by way of excuse. He was away nearly always. To-night' be had dinner and wine party in his chambers;. " Then I'm downright glad. I didn't dept the grapes there," was Roland's comment, to Gerald's leaving you always alone, Yorke, I should just ask him whether he call that manners. I don't. Good gracious If I were rich enough to have a wife, played the truant from her I should dress hanging. Cheer up ; it will all come right ; you'd say so if you had tried the ups and down at Port Natal. Fredy, Kitty, Rosy, you Life pussy cats, tell mamma to give you some grapes" " I'm sure I'd not dare to touch the ball though the grapes stayed tied up in it till it were rotten," was so lost sobbing sound of caught Roland's ears from Mrs. Yorke and leaped down stairs. he Their appearance at Hamish's was unexpected for Arthur had advertised himself to Royal only-but not the less welcome. Of room Hamish and his wife thought Arthur had up to be their guest, and was half inclined to rest it when he said no. It had been arranged to he should take up his sojourn at a private h in Norfolk-street, where he had stayed befor. his room had been engaged in it some days past, and Charles would drive to it on his arrival in J London. All this was explained at once. And in the plcBBuro his presence brought, Hamish J Channing seemed quite like his own gay self again ; his cheeks bright, his voice glad, his Mr whole manner charming. ,||' But later, when the excitement had worn itself away, and he calmed down to sobriety and ordinary looks, Arthur sat with hushed breath, half' petrified at the change he saw. Even Roland, ! never famous for observation, could but mark' it. As if the recent emotion were taking its re« vongo, no change in Hamish Channing seemed > very, very marked to-night. The hollow face the subdued voice with its ring of hopelessness, > so feverish cheek and hand-all were sad to w hear, to fool to look upon. -.') It was but a brief visit ; Arthur did not stay. He wanted to see about his room, and had one J or two purchases to make, and expected also to { find at the hotel letters to answer. He prov mised to dine with them on the morrow, and to S give them as much time as he could during his stay, which might possibly last a fortnight, by laughingly acknowledged, if Mr. Charley prolonged his stay in Paris, as he was not unlikely, if well enough, to do. " So you'll probable have enough of me, Hamish," ho conujadeV... they shook hands. VC . "Roland, he is strangely altered," wore Utvjl ' first words spoken by Arthur, when they went out together. "Didn't I tell you so," replied Roland. "If is just what strikes me." Arthur walked on in silence, saying no more of what he thought. It was just as if the heart's life had gone out of Hamish,, as if some perpetual weight of pain, that would xuytSRUt lifted, lay on the spirit. They walked to the Strand, and Viere Arthur made his small purchases, rendered necessary by the non-arrival of his portmanteau. It was striking 8 by St. Mary's Church, as Roll stood with him at the door of the hotel in NTi folk-street. " Those letters that you expect and wait for you, and that you have to answer," said L. resentfully, for he thought Arthur's whole time] ought to be given to himself on this, the first evening, " what are they who are they from Ts "Only from Galloway's agents, and one or two more business people. I expect they i make appointments with me for to-morrow, ask me to make them. There may be a letter! from Galloway himself. I quitted Helstonleigh an hour before the day-mail loft, and I may have to write to him." Roland growled ; he thought himself very' ill-used. " It is only 8 o'clock, Arthur, and Vic, said as good as nothing. All you've got to li won't take you more than an hour, I expect! a, Can't you come at 0 to my lodgings? Your-, ' have the felicity of seeing Mrs. J." g ^ " " I fear not to-night, Roland." J , u They talked a little while longer, shook ham J and Arthur went into the hotel. Roland, tut ing away, decided to air himself in the Strsu | for an hour, and then return to the hotel at J gut Arthur to come home with him. He br i ! not the smallest objection, takings in the street, to spend the time before the shop " dows. The pawnbrokers and ratings would be sure to be open, if no others' I Roland liked the pastime of looking and buried from being a purchase" of des! things, on account of the state of his is the next best thing was to take out J gazing at them. Wandering up and down, he had go other side of Temple Bar, and had his face to the glass of an oyster shop, his mouth v ring at the delicacies displayed within, when clock of St. Clement Danes struck out 9. Spr'i ' ing back impulsively with its first stroke, Roll came in awkward contact with a some one, being on towards the Strand. But the gentleman who was IIB tall its himself, scorned scarcely notice the touch, BO absorbed was he in his thoughts. Suva that he put out one of hands, cased in a lavender glove of delicate' and slightly pushed the awkward intruder iNi'f he took no further heed. The face was _ turned, the eyes were never removed from straight out-look before them. Onwards passed, seeing and hearing nothing. J "What on earth lins IIB been up to ?-.] looks us seemed as though he had met a ghost mentally commented Roland with his accuser freedom, as he stared after the wayfarer. in him he had recognised Mr. Bode Greater He did not suffer the speculation to del him. Taking to his heels with the dust Btrokelj the clock, Roland gained the small hciViti Ifgr folk-street ; into which he bolted house -was with his usual clatter, haste, and want . mony, and nearly into the arms of at " I want Mr. Arthur Channing. W is ho in?" (ER MS. " Mr. Arthur Channing is gone outside ? J " Gone out !" by- His "YOB, sir. Some time ago." ?"'? " He found he had no letters to write, an went on to me," thought Roland, as he shot again. " And I have been cooling my head that precious street, like a booby !" / Full speed went be home now, throw the cross-cuts and nearest ways he knew slackening it for a moment ; arriving the bated breath and damp hair. Seizing the in one hand and the bell in the other, he is at both frantically until the door was open Mr. Oliver, flinging up his window above out his alarmed head ; Mrs. Jones, Miss fl two visitors, and the maid Botsoy, surround the entrance with pale faces, Mrs. J. hjpi opening the door, Botsoy absolutely refuse, office. Roland, without the least excuse or apology, dashed through the group i" parlor. It was dark and empty. " Where's Arthur Channing H he died' darting out again. Mrs. J., where he put him in . ,,.!«./» And when Mrs. J. could gather the of j the question sufficiently to answer its ¡ had the satisfaction or, rather, non-issue of finding that Arthur Channing had there. e, ftO SA CONHNUSD 1 