OKI MEDAL OF VICTORIA. Before me lies a coin bearing the image and superscription of Queen Victoria, and of'the nominal^ value of two-and-sixpence. An official friend says.the piece is hopelessly bail; a chem ist, ivho has tested it, returning a like unfavorable opinion. A cabman, who, had brought me home, left it with the servant, appealing to the gent who gave it: a pore cabby, at ever so. much o'clock of a rainy nighty which- ha hoped he would give him another..- I have taken that cabman at his word; He has been provided with a sound coin. The bad piece is on the table before me, and shall have a hole drill ed through it, as soon as this essay is written, by a loyal subject who , does not desire to deface the Sovereign's fair image, but to protest against the rascal who has tali en her name in vain. Fid. Def., indeed ! Is this what you tall defending the faith ? . /Ypu';dai:e^to forge your Sovereign's naiTie, an4,p^;s^ your scoundrel > pewter .as .her; silver'. I wonder who you are,1 wrctch^ and. most consummate trickster_? 'l his ior ge ry is;so complete that: even hovv^I^ami deceived by it-I can t see the ,differ-, ence between the hase and sterling, metaL . -Perhaps this' piecc is a little ! lighterI don't know. ? A little softer : -is it'?'". I'have not bitten it, not be ing a connoisseur in the tasting of pew-; tenor silver.I take the word of. three; honest men, though it goes against me,; and though I' have given two-and-six-^ pence worth of honest ^orisideiation, for the' counter ?, I shall not-attempt to ' implicate anybody else; in my misfor-j .tune, nor transfer my ill-luck to a. delud-^ , ed -neighbor. * Being homo, I think if I were a cab man myself, I might sometimes stretchy a fdrlong;(or two in ,.my;calculations ot distance. . But don't come twice, my. . man)-and ,tell me" I have given you a bad half-crown.-* -N.o, no..! f I have .paid once like a gentleman, and oncc 'is , enough.' For instance,'during the first. Exhibition- time.< I fj stopped^by an old country-woman dn black, with,a. , huge umbrella, who bursting into tears, said to "me,'"Master; be''this;thc way t,to-Harlow, inEssex.?.",the -way 'torHarlow; - /This, is^the way^tq Exeter, my good lady, and you will \arrive' there ; if '!you1- walkabout u (0 '-miles in your .present'direction^" I ans wered courteously, in. reply to ,the,pld ' 'creature. Then' she fell a-spbbing as .'.'though her'; old'; heart (would break. [??Sherhad a daughter ,a-dymg. at, liar '"lo'wiShe had walked already," vifty I'dree-mile'5'; that;day. Tears stopped" .^the^resto^^ artless,, "genuine, and.abundant;.that-I ?!'the;';'t;rHith^I J'gave her, in I believe; !'-genuine silver, a piece of the exact ; size: of-that coin which, ;forms,.the, sub ect .' of';'this'j'ess'ay. - Well. ? About a; Vi monthVjJsince,' j.near,I.tp,.thc 1 very spot {o-whWe I hadi met any.old, woman, i -"'was accosted . by a person in black, a. person', in a large draggled cap, a -per-. ./Jflon with a huge umbrella, who ,was beginning, "'I sayy master,, can' you -I . tell' me if this be the way to liar ' but here she stopped. Her eyes gog ;:gled wildly. : She;^artedftom;;ne, as; ' ' Macbeth turned from Macduff.,,!-. She 1 -would not' engage with inc> It was my. old friend of Harlow, in Jissex. I .; daresay'she lias informed many other people of her daughter's illness, and, ^ anxiety to be put' upon the nght way 1V /to Harlow. Not long ' s«\ce,' a very gentlemanlike man, Major Delamere let us call him (Hike the title, of Major " very much), requested to see me, nam . ed a dead gentleman who he^said had * - been our mutual friend, and ,on the * strength of this mutual acquaintance, begged me to cash his cheque lor fiv e ?'' P It, is these things; my dear sir^ wh^b. serve to make a man cynical. . > I- do ! conscientiously believe that l«ad IcasJi od the Major's cheque, there would have been a difficulty about payment; on the part of the respected bankers on whom he : drew. On your honor and conscience, do. you think that old widow, who was walking from Tun bridge Wells to Harlow had a daugh ter ill,, and was;an honest woman at all? > The daughter couldn't 'always,' you see, .be, being ill, and; .her mother'on her w;ay to, her ? child through Hyde Park.', In the same way some habitual sne'erers] may be .inclined to hint that the' cabman's story was an invention-, of at'any i rate, choose to ,ride off (so to speak) on the doubt; No. My opinion, I. own,'is unfavorable as regards the widow from Tunbridge Wells, ..and Major, Delamerebut believing the cabman was honest, I am glad to think he was not inj ured by thereadei's most humble servant. _ , / .What a, queer, exciting life this rogue's march must be : this attempt of,the bad half-crowns to get into cir culation! Had my distinguished friend; the Major knocked at many doors that; morning ? before operating on mine ?. The; sport must be something akin to, the pleasure of tiger or elephant hunt-i mg. What ingenuity/the sportsman' must have m tracing liis prey-what; daring , and ( caution in coming upon; .him ! i What coolness in facing the an-i. gry animal (for, after all, a man .on, whom you draw a cheque a bout por-. tant will be angry). What a delicious thrill of triumph, if yon can bring him, down ! Ii I have money at the banker's and draw for a jportion of it over the counter, that is .mere prose- any dolt can do that. JBut, having no balance, say, I drive up in a: cab, present a cheque at Coutt's, and, receiving the ramount, drive oft? What a glorious morning's sport that has been*!, -Iiow superior m excitement to the common transactions^of_,eyeryjday life! . . -. . I > must tell, a story; it is against my self, I know, but/.it ? will out, and per haps my mind will be the easier. .More than twenty years ago, m an island remarkable .for its verdure, I met four or five times one, of the most agreeable companions with - whom1 - I have passed a night:' 'I heard thatcvil times: had come, upon' this gentleman ; and; overtaking him an: a road near ,niy 'own house, oiie evening^ I asked him . to come: home . to, dinner; ; In' two days he was- at my. door again... .At breakfast: time was his second' appearance.- h-He: was in a cab (of course he was in a cab, they always';are,,; these unfortunate, these courageous; men). ..'/IVdeny my self-was absurd. My friend could see :ine over;tlie parlor blinds, surrounded, by,iny ,lamily,; and 'cheerfully taking, 'the-' morning:meal.:Might. -he;haye a word with-mc!? ;and can you imagine its purport ? By the most provoking., delay--his uncle the admiral' not being :able to come ?, to town tillFriday-j wouldT cash him a cheque ? lie need not, say.it would be paid on Saturday, without fail. I tell you.thatVirian went away with money in liis ;pocket, and |I regret to add that his gallant relative'; has';not comc to town yet ! . ; \ Laying,'down ..the).pen,; and sinking, back, in my-chair3 here, perhaps, ] I fall intoJ; a five minutes'^reveriei and think of one, two, three,' half-a:-dozen cases in which I have been content to accept, that J sham promissory coin in .return for sterling money a'dVaiiced.' Not; a reader, whatever his age, but1 could, tell alike story. I vow and-believe there are men of fifty;' who-will' dine - well .to-day, who have not paicV.their school debts yet, and who have not taken, up their long-protested 'promises- to - pay. Tom, Dick,, Harry,, my. boys, I owe .you-no' grudge,, and rather^relish.tliat wince with which you will read these meek lines and say, " He means me." Poor Jack in Hades ! . Do you remem ber a/certain , pecuniary . transaction, and' a little sum of money you borrow eu " until the meetirg of Parliament ?" Parliament met often in ,your lifetime : x arliamerit har-m^t since-: but T think I LshouliI scarce be more surprised if your ghost glided into tlic room now, and laid down the amount ?of our 'little account, than I; should liave:been if y ou had paid me in,your .lifetime with the, actual acceptances of the Bank of Eng-. land. _ "What a queer consciousness that must be which accompanies such ,a man,in his sleeping, in-his.waking, in his walk through life, by his fireside with1 his children' round him !"i " For what we are going; to ^receive." it&c.Trrhe.; ...says; grace;before his dinner..,. " My dears ! Shall I help you to some;mutton' ? I robbed the1 butcher of the' meat.' I don't'intond-to ;pay him. tf-Johhson j my boy, a glass of champagne ? ,- Very good, isn't it ? u. Not. too sweet. Forty-six. J get it from So-and-soj whom'I intend to cheat." As eagle's go forth and bring home to their eaglets; the lamb or the pavid .kid, I -say. there are men "who live and victual,.their nests by plunder. You' know Doctor Dodd'? 'i'wonder whether- his wife knows thatvlie, ,,is a forger, and- scoundrel ? Has-she had any of the .plunder, think you, and were the darling children's'new dresses bought with'it ?' The Doctor's sermon last Sunday was. certainly-charming,; and we,all cried. Ah, my poor Dodd !| While he is preaching most beautifully,: pocket-handkerchief" in1 hand, he is. peering over the pulpit cushions, look-: ing out ,-piteously for Messrs,-Peachunv .and Lockit from the police-office. By* Doctor'Dodd you understandT'would typify the rogue of respectable- ex terior, not committed > to gaol; but not undiscovered. : We all know one or two such. . ' ' ; Is conscious guilt a source' of un mixed; pain to the bosomavhich 'liar-, bors it ? lias not your criminal, on the contrary, an excitement, an enjoy ment within quite . unknown to you and me who never did any thing, wrong, in .our lives,?;-,iBut)that my< age is mature and my,-..habits formed, I should,really just like to' try a little criminality. Fancy passing- a'forged bill to your banker; calling/on.a friend and sweep \- ing his sideboard of plate j his hall , of umbrellas and coats ; ? and then "going home' to dr&ss-for; dinner, say- andr' to meet -a7 bisliopy-'a Jjudge;>aud a police magistrate'or so,;and talk more morally .than any.man at table ! t How I should cliuckle (lis )hy, host's spoons clinked 'sbftly'in my-pocket) whilst' I was 'ut tering some noble speech aboutvirtue, duty, charity ! t What. false,. coin passes" current! Pinchbeck'strives to pass off ;his -his tory as sound coin.: : He 'knowssit'is only base metal, washed, over. ;with a .thin varnish of learning. Poliiphlois bos puts his sermons"ill 'circulation;: 'soiinding -brafes,'1-lackered'' over'-'.with white I, metal,v and ff markedJwith j the .stamp and image of piety. ,^hat say you. to rDrawcansir's'.''reputation' as a' military commander ? . to Tibbs?s ;.pre-< tensions' to ' be'' a; fine;: gentleman ,?/;to ?Sapphira's;,claims. ,as.,,3a ;.poetess,, or llpdoessa's as ;a beauty ? His bravery,, his piety, high'birthi genius,: beauty-" each " of ;- thesc,: deceivers 'would ' palni his falsehood:On us, and hav^e us. accept; his forgeries :as sterling coin. And we talk, h,dre, please to' observe, of weak- ? hess!es,"'rather Hhah 'crimes.i;a:Some' of us > have ' -'more' serious1 things , to hide' than a yellow ,cheek behind a raddle of, rouge,"or a white ;poll. iinder.'a wig of jetty curls. 'You knoAvi'neiglihbri'therc are nof'oiily"false" teetli'in this world," but; falseVtongues ,and some; make iip. a bust and,an appearance of strength with padding, cotton, and what .not; while '^nbther "kind of artist- tries' to takc^yo'u by wearing airider liis;"waist i'coat, and perpetual thumping, an. init niense sham heart. Dear sir, may yours and mine be found, at the right'time, of'the proper- size,'and dn 'the- right i place. 11* - And what has this to, do with half crowns, good or bad? All, friend! may our coin,'battered, and clipped; and-' defaced though it-be, be proved i.o be Sterling Silver,(on the day of the Great Assay! 