With the punctuality that has characterised tho Sjcz Mail S.-rvice since the establishment of the Panama route, and which has been con. in ueel now ? that the San Prancisco Mail Service is in existence', the English Mail arrived at Adelaide on Monday list; and the news brought by her, as recoived by telegraph, will be found in oar issue of to duj'. It will be seen t!-:at although the previous mail -had brought intelligence of tho Prussians having ?everything ready to bombard Paris, yet that suo'i tb Ju.'jjrdmeu* had been delayed. This is certainly ifavorable to the Prussians, tor although masters -of (he situation they have not chosen to she? (their Might and Strength, Attacked, as Prussia ?originally was, suddenly and unexpectedly, she \- -was porfeotly .justified and has obtained undying . -military fame in driving her invader from her territory, and laying seigo to the Capital of the 'Country of the aggressor, But greater still nil. ;be tho honor aud glory of Prussia should- she , -until the tiruc of peace has arrived, aot the part of the lion with its pun' upon the lamb. It is ; i'o possible, looking at the aruiy and armaments which bow surround Paris, to suppose otherwise than that Paris is within tho P/udtiiau grasp, and although starvation and famine aro dreadfd extremities, yet they aro nothing as compared with the suffering which would be occasioned by tho bombardment of the city. It is not . ... impossible that there are other considerations with Prussia which escite her forbearance ; but ? this point there is at present no certainty. It : , ? may he, however, that King William of Prassia finds that he has been insti umeutal iu raising a ghost that ho cannot lay. His suocess agaiust I ranee has bad the effect of creating a Republic in his immediate vicinity, and ho now fears that Buocess, if oarricd too far, may carry the spirit of Republicanism into his own kingdom. If the roport be true that tho Duku Aousta has accopted the Crown ol Spain, it is likely that a llcpublican form of government, which not many ' ? months ago appeaped looming over that nation, will not for awhile be averted. But that there 12 a general teudenoy in the European mind to Republicanism thoro can bono doubt. Even iu 'Eiiyluiid there is an indication that Royalty is losing not only its power, but its charms. Until the present time the marriage of arty member of the Royal Family, except with houses of royal . blood, was not allowed, but now it appears that a Princess Royal of England is to bo married to the , Mirqais of Lorn, who, although of noble, is not :? ' of royal blood. Ileie, then, is a distant, but ut tho same tiino certain indication that Royalty is ? losing the influence and pjwer which it formerly possessed. The occupants of Thrones and those ' connected with them, are beouining but mere men and women like other mortals', and at sume tluy the governors and rulers of nations or dependencies will be selected by the governed, trom tiicir aptitude to rule, rather than the accident'il cucum3tanc0s of birth. No doubt in old countries, wedded aB they are to old inetiimions, the change fiom one form of Government to another ivill be Blow, but us education increases, and with the freedom of thought and aotion which : education invariably brings, Moiiu'chios with all tliO statu and pomp and show, winch have ha.! no small share iu sustaining tlicin up to the present time, will disappear, and intellect, rather than birtli, will reign. Perhaps it is a knowledge o this fact that induces the forbearance which PruaBia now chows toward# Paris. If it arises from some mure unselfish reason, ull tho moic liouor to her. Even more important tliuu the present war news is that which -savours of u win hi ejriie. Tiun to tiie policy which Niouob.us oi llussiu coticoit'cii tjwardii Tmkey, aud which is continti (1 by Alexander, the present Emperor, keen watch is being kept on tho ' Sick man,' a;;d there are some indications that Russia is disposed to .'nakn France's extremities her own opportunity, and that theie is a chance ol a Ciim.'iun v nr having to be fought over again. An attempt on the'part of Russia to withdraw from a treaty entered into nt the close of the Crimean war is in itsell suspicVm, but it is satisfactory to Bud that England met the proposal with the firmness ami determination which the occasion required, Russia is clearly putting out a ' fi cler,' but England, Austria, and even Tutkey herself has replied. The ' Siok man' may be sick, but is not yot likely to die. 