MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. ADDEESSES OF THE CANDIDATES. The following are the speeches of the successful ard unsuccessful candidates, after the official ilrclai at'on of the poll by the Returniue-officer. yesterday. The figure* were given in last night's issue. Alderman MebbiMan returned thanks to the electors of Gippa Ward for the support he had received, especially tt he had been returned by the largest majority ot citizens whose votes had been reoorded in the ward. He felt grateful for the honour they had conferred upon him, and was partioulaily tbaukful to hie committee, who bad returned him by a majority of 568 votes. He hoped that this mark of their confidence in kua would be continued. He would try and merit it. (Hear, hear.) He would do all in his power to serve the beet interests of the ward, and the city in general. Mr. Hugh Gordon, as a defeated candidate, ex pressed his thanks for the votes he had received. He bad been induced to stand V-y a large number of rte payers. He went down one street, and he found some journeymen painters, who said they wanted woik ; he said he would come forward and find them a job. He next saw some licensed victuallers. They com plained of the hard times. He thought he would do a little for them. A little further on he met a number of poor men, who complained of the want of work. He said if he got into the council he would find work for them. (Laughter and cheers.) He had promised to do what he could to cause an improvement to be made at Dawes Battery. He had been tried in tho balance and found wanting ; but he returned his thanks to his committee for their exertions. Sir. J. G. Raphael, in the first instance, would draw attention to what he considered wus an abuse of the privileges of the electors. The returuing-otiicer (Mr. Alderman Macintosh) had not proved himself the cloan potato he ought to tie. Clad with brief authority, he had abused the privilege by converting it to party purposes. He went to him to ask him, —as he under stood Alderman Andrews would not preside at the polling-place,— to consult with him (Alderman Macin tosh) on the matter, and he met with a repulse as uukind as it was ungenerous. The grand old lady (Mr. Andrews) was too unwell to preside ; but after some coquetting, agreed to be there. The poor old lady, however, became too unwell, and the duty was delegated to another party. (Laughter and cheers.) He thought that Alderman Macintosh had abused tbe brief authority reposed in him, and he hoped the electors of Macquarie Ward would hit the right nail upon the head, and send him to the rightabout when he appeared before them next year. What would he do if lie were mayor? Bat ho's the man for the ladies. (Cheers, He bad latterly had lessons in inuring. (Laughter. He had great pleasure in returning thanks for the kindness that had placed him in this position to-day, and during his term of office he would do his duty. ['What about Hayes?'] He would deal with him presently ; but he could afford in the hour of success to be kind and generous. At a previous meeting he had called, he had drawn the attention of the citizens to a system that was rotten at the core. Tbe first thing lie would strive to do in the council would be to reduce the salary of the mayor— indeed to reduce the salaiies of all the officers of the corporation in accordance with the times and the present price of living. He declaimed strongly against a mere shop man having the impudence to thrust himself forward as an auditor of the city accounts. It had been said that he was a clever schoolboy ; but if a schoolboy could do what was required, let them send up at once to the National School. With respect ts the fancy ball, like all other effervescent drinks it had pasaed off with a pop, aud was not worth mentioning. There were (several pecks in a bushel, aud his worship had been a peck at Moore Park. Mr. AValtkr Keith y was reoeived with a rush of uproarious groanB. 'I am in no hurry,' he said ; 'I'll bide my tij.e, and when you are quite ready I am at your disposal.' (Eenewed groans.) He would, he added, first refar to the fancy balL From the moment of acoepting the office of mayor he felt that he ought uot to apply the salary to his personal «nd private uses. Instead of doing so, as he might hive done, he thought it might be rnsed to the advantage of the public. When the invitations were issued, Mr. Raphael was ono of the first who came begging and cringing and kneeling aud fan-mug— (disturbance and gro.ius)— liecging and crying and cringing and fawning for tickets for the fancy dress ball. He did not get them. Mr. Raphael's friends next came pulling aud begging and praying for tickets for him ; but still the invitations were refused. Hu (Sir. Bonny] could not have breathed in the same atmosphere with Mr. BaphaeL Money was even offered— when crying and cringing was found of no use, even money was offered to secuie tickets fur the ball. He (Mr. Kenny) had uo doubt that it hud been a mis take to give the ball at all, and be was fully aware that there were a large number of narrow minded persons who did not obtain tickets who now opposed him in consequence. (Disapprobation and cheers.) He had a good deal to say, and if he kept them till to-morrow morning he would say it. There was no doubt that it was ques tionable whether he did right in giving this balL It was oertain that offence would be given to the persons who could not be invited. (Cheers nsd groans.) He would shut up when he had finished. In giving that ball he had caused at least L10.000 to be spout in the city. That amount, if not more, had been distributed among the cabmen, the dressmakers, the bootmakers, and other residents of the city. He did not want tli« Balary attached to the office of mayor. When he first was elected, be intimatad that hu was perfectly willing to take office without the salary. In the discharge of hu duties he had t» do a great deal which no doubt operated to his present disadvantage ; but. regardless ot consequences, he had discharged those duties to the best of his ability, and straightforwardly and con scientiously. Almost the first thing he had to do was to discharge Mr. Dean (Mr. Camb's nephew), And Mr. Catnb was therefore now one of his strongest oppoueut?. He had to suspend lit. Dean for neglect of duty aud defalcations that had taken place, aud as a geiitlemau below him (in the orowd) observed, instead of being suspended he ought now to be in Daxlinghurst gaol. No doubt in discharging this part of his duty he had caused a great deal of annoyance to Camb and his party. It rested, after the suspension of Mr. Dean, with the council to take farther action iu the mutter. Tho council thought proper to allow him to resign, and if he had not gone to California or elsewhere, he must have met with his proper deserts. He (Mr. Kenny) liad not gone to California ; he remained here to deal with that contemptible man (Mr. Baphiel) as he deserved. He wo a man that would stick at nothing; he would attack the character of any man or any wotuau, and, to gain his own ends, would not hesitate to stab any one in the dark. ['Time, time,' and groans.] They all knew him (Mr. Itnphaol) to bo the foulest mouthed man in Sydney. (Kenewod groan-.) He was not in a hurry ; ke was determined to finish. He had aloQglistofaccuMtionstoreplyto. On Mendayevening, at Punch's Hotel, Mr. Rtphael had made many insinua tions which he would now meet, as they were all here tog ether. The auerrions intdo )-y Mr. Raphael were a grots tissue of falsehood! from the beginning to the end. (Hear, hear, ami ironical cheers.) Mr. Raphael had stated that he (Mr. Kenny) had told him that he was going to borrow L20,UO0 upon «orpora tiou debeaturo. Wuit likelj , if euoh had been his intention, that he would have told such a man as ftfr. lUphael was of it T But it was a fact that not a single debenture could yosaibly leave the corporation offices until the money waa paid for it. This, therefore, waa s reply to one of the base lies which had been stated, and which had to be exp sod. (Prolonged interrup tion.) He had s- long lut of subjects on which to address the meeting, and they must hear him. Mo man should be permitted to make base tharges against him without his replying to them. Mr. Raphael had also stated that if the business of the corporation's establishment was carried on in such a loose style ? The speaker was here interrupted by. three cheers being given for Mr. Raphael, and three groans for himself.] He oontinued : His opponent had iniinuated that there vu nothing to prevent auy one «.t the head of the corporation from getting L75.0U0 and walking off to California with it One thing was certain : tbat if he even had hawked L2O.-J00 worth of debentures about the city, it would be more than Mr. Raphael would ever have the chance of doing. [A Mr. Hoggin here prompted Mr. Kenny ; whereupon Mr. Raphael objected to auy mrauger interfering in tbu proceedings, and after vn altercation, the relurning officer desired Mr. Hogiui to desist or leave the hunt ings. A great uproar ensued and lasted some minutes, during which Mr. Raphael said that if any speaker dared to say that there wa* a bill of Bale over all his Mr. Raphael's) property, he would make him pay for it.] With the fact before them, that not a debenture could be removed from ths office until it waa \n\i for, would the meeting believe that he (.Mr. Kenny) had told Mr. Ruphatl that he was going t» sell them ? [Mr, Raphael : ' I will gwaar he told me so.'] Then there was another base lie by Mr. Raphael, who at his publio meeting had said that through his (Mr. Kenny's) fault L2000 had bten lost to the corporation. Mr. Raphael had denied making *uoh a stat*m«ot ; but is order to show what reliance was to be placed upon hit word, ho would read an extract from the report of the meeting, when Mr. Raphael said that 'Mr. Renny had allowed the public moneys to be squandered in a reckless manner, and Alii«rsu& Macintosh told Mm that 13000 hdd gone astray through tho iguoranoe of the mayor.' Now Mr. Raphael had denied that he had said so. He had also made a serious charge against a young man, a native of the colony, who had more talent in his little finger than he (Mr. Raphael) had in liis whole body. Mr. Raphael did not, of his own knowledge, know whether the parson referred to could write his own name, or whether he was not ono of the most talentad men in the colony; and yet he had oallod hum, knowing that he waa powerless to come there and defend himself, an impostor. He (Mr. Renny) had known the young man from boyhood. ['What it his name?'] He would come to that preseatly. He knew that he had talent far exceeding hat of the man who had attacked him. Mr. Raphael at his meeting had also referred to the fire ' as a lucky thing for some people.' It certainly told agatast his frUnd, and it was a remarkable fact that the fire occurred the day after that friena was suspended by him (Mr. Kenny). [At this stage ol' the proceeding* there was great interruption, and cries of 'Suauie.'] Another gentleman b*d been vilified by Mr. HapWl, who, wlicn stating that the town-hail would cott^ L100 000, had inquired what Mr. Wilson (the speaker's ; brother-in-law) liad done during the last three ! months for his L500 a year? Unfortunately | for that gentleman and his family, he hnd been very til, but lie bad been helped in ami out of a cab. in order to he enabled to attend to his duties at the office. Mr. Raphael had moreover boasted of his high position in the city, and had compared his (Mr. Kenny'*) to it dis advantageously ; and had also referred to his position as director of many charitable institutions. Now was it not well known to the meeting that (Mr. Raphael never gave away a half-crown without first stipulating that two thillinss of it should be spent in advertising. What had Mr. Raphael done with the poor children at Bandwick, when lie (Mr. Benny) hid invited them, together with the whole of the destitute children iu the colonv. to the Exhibition? Wliv lie, inraVKtiUil the little things from attending and enjoying them selves, but he had carefully avoided tclliijg the meeting that. Another base insinuation of his was, that some of the fish which bad come from Tasmania had found then: way into his (Mr. Benny's) fish-pond. Per haps Mr. Raphael was jetdous of the fish-pond. How ever, if they did reach there, they must have been 'dying fish ;' for he (Mr. Kenny) whs in Melbourne when they an ived ; and it was a fact that the alderman who received them on their arrival took them direct to the Botany swainps. [At this point, and in fact at intervals of nbout two minutes throughout, there were great interruptions, during which the speaker inti mated his intention of completing his address, if he remained there all night] He conBideied that Mr. Raphael would be ^ disgrace to the citizens as their representative, as it was lveil known that iie was the most foul-mouthed man in Sydney, and when in the ciuncil before had taken his coat off and offered to fight anotheralderman, whowassiiuilarlydivestcd of clothing. And he was the man they had elected to represent them. As regarded himself (Mr. Kenny), the rate payers had done him a service by not re-electing him, for he had been suffering from ill-health for some time, and would now be able to retire to his home, and enjoy himself. They should remember that he had the courage to meet them, and hud not, like Mr. Raphael when he was defeated last time, ran away by the back door. There was nothing for him to gain by being re-elected. [A voice : 'A thousand a year.'] Well, he had received that sum fnr n. rmmlA nf vpsm hn they must recollect that he had not kept it in his pocket, but had spent it amongBt them. He had now concluded his remarks, and he would thank those who had voted for him, and also the members of his com mittee, who had worked hard for him. Ho wouM also thauk the meeting for the kind manner in which ? [The remainder of Mr. Kenny's speech, which was thus indicated, elicited a burst of good humoured cheering, during which he retired] Mr. Palmer, who was received with cheers, said he would not detain the meeting after tho lengthy spoeches they had heard. He did not intend to make any absurd pledgss, but would endeavour to do hi« best to serve the citizens, although he was only one out of sixteen in the council. Having had only one week's nonce, ha was certainly surprised at being returned hy so large a majority, and he attributed the result solely to the exertions of bis committee, to whom, in con junction with those who voted for him, he tendered his thanks. Mr. Palmer was loudly cheered when he retired. Mr. BbadfoP.D, senior, thanked the electors who hnd voted for him, and also the members of his committee. It would be a gain to him sot being returned, for he had entered into a business which would require all his attention. Ths office of alderman -was an import ant one. ami entuilid an amount of trouble and expense which few c™:d afford. He would also thank the gentlemen who had acted on his opponent's com n: it tee for the most gentlemanly manner in which they had acted towards him, aud concluded by saying that if at any future time the ratepayers required his services they would have to send to him, for he should not offer them himself. Mr. Chapman considered himself lucky in having no one to abuBe, and he attributed his re-election, without opposition, to tbe fact that the rate- payers had felt satisfied with his conduct. He would inform them that he intended being a candidate for the office of mayor, but would stand upon his own merits, and would not solicit a single vote. Mr. Boseby, in thanking the large number of electors which had voted for him, said that ho stood before tho meeting as a living proof that the most severe contest could he carried on here without the aid of the nun or brandy bottle. Referring to tbe man agement of civic affairs, he believed that it was quite Sossible to introduce retrenchment. He warmly efendei the returaing-officer (Mr. ilncintosh) against the attack that had been made upon him by one of the successful candidates. Mr. Macintosh, he said, was well known in Sydney as a strictly honourable man, and hardly required his advocacy. In conclusion, he said that he would make no promises in silvery speeches ; but if, at the end of two years, they found Mm to be a counterfeit they could tell him to go about his business. Mr. Steel desired to thank those who had voted for him. For ten years he had enjoyed tho confidence of the citizens, but in the present instance Mr. Roseby had fairly fought for the position he now occupied, had won it, and therefore deferred it. Referring to toe improvements in Moore Park, he asserted that they bad been satisfactorily carried out It had been insinuated that he bad connived at an over-payment to Mr. Peck, the contractor ; but the fact was, he (Mr. Steel), with another alderman, merely pauad tbe accounts when they had been certified to by the city engineer. (A Voice : ' He's the man.') The Exhibition building had alto been demurred to, and he admitted that he had been instrumental in getting it erected. It carried out one of the finest ideas ever known in the colony. Theoitiiens had already reaped great ad van - tasea through the neonlA it attracted knm tn spend their money, and tbe benefit which tho shows in the Exhibition building would bring to the colony in the future were incalculable. The statement that the building had been erected in a faulty manner had no foundation, bb the citizens could see if they examined for themselves. A deal had been also said about the cost of a flagstaff, the fact baing tbat the material had cost nothing, the labourupen the timber being the sole expense. He justified the expenditure upon th» new town-hall, and maintained that, as it would be the absolute uro perty of the citizens, it would be worthy of the city. Ho returned his sincere thanks to his committee and those who voted for him, and said that, after the lapse of a few yaara, they might again say he had been a good and faithful servant, and requMt him to auume his plaea once more. Mr. Yabd addressed the meeting at considerable length, and remarked that he k»i not efforad himself without aolioitation for tha stiff ragw of the Cook Ward electors. He had been waited upon by deputations, comprising men of great influence, who had promised to stick to him back and edge, and he believed they, to a man, had done go. If God spared his health and life he should have no hesitation in offering his services again. Alderman Oatlet returned thanks for his unoppored re-cleotion for Fitzroy Ward ; and, as new blood had been infused into ths council, would be happy to join tha newly-elected aldermen in carrying out auy reform for the benefit of his ward and the welfare of tbe citj. Mr. GoOLD said, it was his pleasing duty to thank the electors of Phillip Ward for the honour they had conferred upon him. It now remained for him, by strict and close attention to his duties, to show that he merited the confidence repoBed in him. (Loud cheers.) He should enter upon the discharge of those duties with fear aud trembling, but at the same time with an earnest determination to serve the interests of the . ward, and to deal out justice to the public in general. He returned thanks to the members of his committee for the measures they had taken to secure his return, and he bi-g^ed to assure those who ware opposes: to him, that if it was ia his power he would do bis utmost to serve them. There was one thing he should like to bring prominently under notice. Tiie citizen's list ought to be taken in a more satisfactory manner. Hundreds of electors resident in Phillip Ward had been left off the roll, and amongst them many of his personal friends and supporters. He had been informed tbat the same evil existed in other wards, and he should do all he could to cause the list to be compiled by officers of the city council, responsible to the council for the taithful performance of their duties. Mr. HubUST, who was very favourably received, said he had only a few words to offer. Although he had not cenie in first horse in the race he had run a very good second— (cheers)— and he saw reason to congratu late himself that he was enly twenty-one votes behind Mr. Goold, He was sincerely grateful to the poor men who had supported him on. this occasion. The greater part of them were unknown to him, for although he had votes in four other wards of the city, he had no interest in Phillip Ward. He had represented Brisbane Ward in ths oouncil for four years, and Philip Ward for two years, and while doing so had acted according to the best of his ability— (choers) —aud ha wu not sorry that Mr. Gould was now elected for Phillip Ward, for he was a most respectable gentleman, and next to himself (Mr. Hirlev) was ikely to form a good representative. No u.u could ?ava done mire for a ward than he Mr. Hurley hod bad done for Phillip Ward during the two yaan he. sat for tbat ward. (Cheers. ) la reference to the Exhibition building, aa Vbeoircnm stance had been referred to by Mr. Steel, he admitted that as one of the senior aldermen ol the city he law that a great benefit would accrue to the city if it were erected, and he had awiated, though many of the aldermen were against the project, ia carrying it out. And for his services in this matter he had been elected an honorary member of the Agricultural Society by the committee of that body. He was glad his services in this respect had bees of some advan tage to the city. (Hear, hear.) He was such obliged to his friends who bad polled to closely for him yesterday. It was true they were unoiganiitd; while he htd to contend aguiut the influences of influwitiaUy orgam»d societies, (Hear, hear, and tokens of ffi. sent.) For Imuself be was free to confess that f the first he felt he had not a ghost of a chance aE2 the leader of two of the greatest societies intlie^S? The lwson would apply to l.-» own people. Heau ^ liberal Protestants luul voted for him'yerferiaf ' C i w«a his own people uho ought to properly ori tliruirelvej. He referred at some length and inT?! of sanction to the fact tbat Mr. Bradford, tue\S light and lunmiary of the Proteitant Political AnSri tionau.1 the Orangemen la 1 been defeated upon thi' occasion. His (Hr. Hurley',) defeat & T to be attributed iu some measure to Mr. Renny wort !ng against him in the -?a-k. The citizens' list i could »y with Mr. Goold, had been prepared bv n, *?t'7A11in. w''- haJ »''' °ut the' names otneS Ml his friends. Mr. Renny, he .lid not hesitate to «.' was the greatest tinker that ever stood on that »1,,' * Ton* j« Yir- B T ' uaa *ne»£tu a mm for L20 to rU-f,at him, when he contested tho ward wS Alderman Bown, and »by ? Becaui e he wanted a*ote ta mslal him as mayor. It was well known that the moment the steamer arrived with Mr. Bowu he «, wailed upon by the mayor, aud when Bown was electd he voted for Kenny. The const queuce was Mr rJ». got L700 for the balance of Mr. Chnrles Moore's' vS mayoralty, and L1000 for this year ; but he (M, Hu, ,y) felt that he helped to cook Mi goo* (d£j ud laughter), «ad Bradford's too. With regard to the lattor. he had proposed to his fiiends to nominate Mr John Booth, of Balnwin ; but when Garibaldi Kellt got wind of it he weut over and humbugged Mr. BoctJ ? it of standing. But Mr. J'ahner was put ur. ni $ knocked Bradford into a cocked hat (T.a.,ni,tt....J eh..-.) They all knew that Mr7 I^the Sjdne Common contractor, was never an hour out of liraj ford's house. He had been fully on the qui vive about tbe Sydney Common. He met Mr. Tnarae of tin celebrated firm of Thume, Walker, and Co., one mom. ing, who said he was going to put in a tender and wauted a lift. At the same time Thame told Mm exactly what was the estimate of the city engineer H( (Mr. Hurley) expressed Jiis surprise that Thame shouK be in possession of information that should only be pro. perly disclosed to the mayor and aldermen within dosed doors, when Thamesaid, 'Nevermind, old fellow these things will leak out sometimes.' ( Hear, bear, laughter and cheers. ) At tlie next meeting of council the tender of Peck was just L700 above the estimate of tbe city surveyor, when Mr. Bradfurd got up and, in his quits way, moved that the tender of Mr. reck should b» accepted. Not if he (Mr. Hurley) knew it should tliat tender bo accepted, and freth tenders were called for He therefore felt glad that air. Palmer, notwithetund. ing the connection of Bradford with -the Frcemasom the Orangemen, and the Protestant Political Assoria. tion, had been beaten beyond tbe shadow of a doubt, He concluded by repeating bis thanks to.his counuiitt« and supporters. Alderman Woods, who regretted that language ha been used to-dny that would not raise uiunicipi institutions in tbe estimation of tho country, hoped ai ill-feeling that had been engendered during the electioi would subside from this day. (Applause.) In rcgan to himself, at the last election ho had been pitte against one of the moat respi ctable and popular men ii Sydney, and he (AJdiinian WooJa) Jmd, after a stroni pitched-battle defeated him. He had then told hi coBstitueritB that he hoped in two years time to merit renewal of their suffrages. That hope had been rcalued arid he had been unanimously re-elected to-day. H felt dseply indebted to them for it. Amid some sigtjo impatience Alderman Woods made a reference ti a return he had obtained from the city treasurer, witl regard to the city debt. In 1SCS the debt of the citj was L20.200. That was the year of his mayoialty, and he had reduced it by LOOOO. The total debtof thecir. on this dny was L66.100. The revenue of the citj' pro per for 1871 would be L52.000, but the annual amoun of interest payable ou loans so had much increase! that only L25,255 would be available to be expended ii improvements of the city. With regard to au intern gation from an ejector, Mr. WoodB denied that lie hu anything to do with the metal breaking machine. Hi lmd voted for the acceptance of the contract because th price which had to be paid by tbe ratepayers was 2J jje cent, less than the council had been paying. He bad i pleasing duty to perform. He had long been connectei with Alderman Macintosh, and lie was sorry to find thi Alderman Raphael had assailed the worthy alderman Alderman Macintosh was a man every inch of him Alderman Raphael bad many good points about him there was not a better-htarted man in the city ; bo he ought to have left Alderman Macintosh aloue. Hi begged to move a vote of thanks to the returning-officei Mr. Stekl seconded the motion, which was cttrriei by acclamation. Alderman Macintosh warmly defended himsel from the cowardly imputations cast uuon him bj Alderman Raphael, ami remaiked that when Alder man Raphael waB previously in the council he m always asleep. He had never initiated any reforms lie (Alderman Macintosh) had spent twenty-five rear in this city. He might have taken too much dm during some of those years, but that could not affec his moral character. He was proud to say he had th manliness and the courage to abstain from it altogi ther, and that had made him what he was. (EothuK asiic applaus.e) Who ever bad known Alderma' Kaphael to lift up his voice in favour of the citucm^H When Alderman ltnphael was talking about him, I^B never turned white ; but see how he wriggles. Atthj^B same time there were many good points about RaphaeqH They hud often fallen out, and had often fallen in ; i^B fact, he liad no objection to shako hands with big to-day. [Mr. Raphael stepped forward, aud a heart; hand-shnking took place] This would ehoir tlici what sort of stuff their alileruien were made of. (Loui cheers.) They sunk nil differences for the common good He concluded bis address by exprensiug a hope that h Bhould continue to merit the confidence of the citiien of Macquarie Ward. Three cheers for the Queen, and three cheen fo Alderman Macintosh, doted the proceedings. 