The Storyteller. ATHOLBANE. A ROMANCE OF KENMORE CASTLE. BY S. COBB, ESQ. CHAPTER VIII. THE COMPACT IS SHATTERED. EARLY in the evening, as Aldred walked alone upon the parapet, he heard a light footfall be- hind him, and upon turning he beheld Edwin. "I am glad to have found you alone," said the boy, glancing carefully around. "What is the matter now, brother?" "O, nothing in particular, good Aldred; only I wanted te see you." They walked along to- gether a piece, and then the lad continued: "Do you know what a grand shot you made to-day?" "In Lanark," replied the knight, without any show of pride, "I was accounted the best archer of all that professed to handle the long bow." "It is a noble thing thus to excel in such manly sport," pursued Edwin; "but still it has its draw-backs." "Ah?" "Yes, Aldred. It isn't pleasant to have men envy you." "We cannot prevent the envy of those below us." "Yes,—but it is the envy of those who think themselves above us that I speak of." "Speak plainly, Edwin." "Then," returned the lad, stopping, and lay- ing his hand upon his companion's arm, "I want to tell you to beware of Thorwald." "Ah! Is there anything now?" "I saw to-day what you may not have seen," continued the youth, earnestly; "and had Thorwald spoken his feelings in words I could not have gained them more sorely than I did from the darkness of his face. He is not only envious of you, but he hates you." "I know that he does not like, me." "He has not liked you from the first; and now he dislikes you more than ever." "And has the simple circumstance of the shooting of the eagle worked so upon him?" "It was not entirely that," said Edwin, con- fidently. "He could have borne all that with only envy; but when he saw that bright eyes gave cheering light for you, and not even a kindly glance for him, his envy became hatred." "Edwin!" "You know what I mean, Aldred." "You mean that Thorwald is jealous of me?" "Jealous of the love which Clara Douglas plainly shows for you," answered the boy, calmly and frankly. The Knight of Lanark drew back a pace, and gazed into the face of the young heir. If he had thought to find any trace of envy or jealousy there, he was disappointed. The shades of evening had not gathered so thickly but that the lines of the thin, pale face could be plainly seen, and the boyish features wore the same ex- pression of childlike trust and confidence that had marked them on other occasions. Our hero laid his hand upon the lad's shoulder, and there was a tremulous cadence in his voice as he said: "Edwin, you are the one who has the sole right to be jealous for such a cause." " I jealous?" cried the boy. "Aye—you!" Edwin of Kenmore took the hand of the knight from his shoulder and held it within his own, and when he spoke his voice was low and earnest, and tunefully sweet and pathetic: "Aldred, I will tell to you a truth which I would not yet tell even to my father. I love Clara Douglas; but not with a love that could beget jealousy. Though our years are the same, I am a child and she is a woman. I love her as though she were my sister—my kind, gentle, affectionate sister. When I think of offering myself as the husband of such a woman, I shrink as I would shrink from bearing upon my brow the jewelled crown of an empire. I have no such love for my beautiful cousin. Perhaps, had she so loved me—had she invited such love on my part—had she shown to me that it was the desire of her heart that I should be something nearer to her than a brother—I might have found an answering love in my own heart, and, in time, with all distrust removed, have joyfully taken the place to which my father would assign me. But it is not so. Clara loves me; but not like that. She loves me with her whole soul; but it is a sister's love for a poor, weak brother. There is no flashing of the warm, rich blood to the face—no swel- ling of the bosom—no drooping, sighing, melt- ing glance of the eye—no quiver of the white hand—and no passionate cadence of the voice, when the reveals her love. No, no, Aldred, I have not stirred that deeper fountain in her soul. Upon the mystic mirror of her maiden's heart Edwin of Kenmore has not impressed the image of her future husband. So, my brother, I shall never be jealous of you." "Of me!" uttered Aldred, as though in a dream. "I shall never be jealous of you," repeated Edwin, with strange emphasis. And presently he went on, —"I am not blind. I think I have told you that I read what is written upon the human face quite readily. Shall I tell you what I have read in my cousin's face?" The knight struggled with himself, but he did not speak. "Shall I tellyou, Aldred?" Another struggle, and then our hero an swered: "You can tell me what you think it is proper I should know." "By my soul!" cried the boy, vehemently, "I know not why I should fear to speak. If there is right on earth, then you should have what God has given to you! The right of heaven is above the right of human will. What God has manifestly ordained, man has no right to annul." Edwin ceased speaking, and walked slowly towards the edge of the parapet. He stopped there a few moments, looking over into the moat below, and when he came back he again took his companion's hand. His voice, as he spoke, was lower than before, and slightly tremulous, but there was no hesitation. He seemed to have made up his mind just how far he would speak, and was prepared to assume the respon- sibility. "Dear Aldred, you have been more than a brother to me. Only a few short days have elapsed since first I knew you, and yet it seems as though you had been with me for years. If you had not saved my life—if we had met under ordinary circumstances—l am sure I should have loved you all the same; and, feeling thus, I am led to give you my whole confidence—to speak to you words that I would not dare speak to another. You do not know— my father does not know—how much I suffer, nor do I tire my mother with the story. My father talks to me hopefully, and tells me that I shall be stronger and better. So I maybe—so I must be—but not here. Earthly vigor I shall never know. I shall not long remain here. Stop! do not interrupt me. I know of what I speak. Day by day I feel the current of my life failing, failing, failing, and I know that, ere long, the tide will stop. Aldred, I shall never see the snows of another winter. When they come, they will rest as a shroud upon my grave. And yet the assurance does not give me pain, though all things are not as I could wish." The boy paused, and letting go the hand of the knight, he moved again towards the para- pet; but he did not stop to look over. He came back presently, and resumed: "When I am gone, what shall become of Clara Douglas ? It seems strange that I, a weak boy, should feel that charge upon me, yet so it is. By the compact of our parents she is mine; and though the marriage union can never be consummated between us, still I feel a yearn- ing desire to know that the future may be freighted with blessings for her. When I am away from the scene, Thorwald will seek her hand, and I much fear that Atholbane and Douglas will both favor his suit. But she does not love Thorwald. Good Aldred, she loves you!" "Edwin!" "Hush! I know her secret. She loves you with a love that no power of earth can over- come. Her whole heart is yours; and were this wide world all in one vast empire, and you the master of its throne, she could not feel more pride in her love than she feels now. If she were my own sister, I should not wish to see her become the wife of a man like Thorwald, and can I rest content with the fear upon me that the dark son of Eric may yet possess her? Oh, Aldred! he will work very hard, and he is capable of working wickedly. Already, I am sure, he has discovered her love for you, and he cannot help knowing that you love her. If it were in my power, how gladly would I relinquish the fair charge to you. My brother, I need counsel very much. What can I do?" The stout knight drew the boy to his bosom, and held him there as he would have held a child. "Say no more now, Edwin. My heart is too full." "But," urged the lad, looking up without unloosing the arms that entwined him, "have I not spoken truly ? Do you not love as I have said?" "Yes, Edwin; and it was the love that had grown up between as that sent me from Lan- ark. But, as God is my judge, I would not have interposed between thee and thine affi- anced. I would not have done so willingly, though I cannot tell what I might have done had circumstances too strongly tempted my aching heart." "Hush!" whispered Edwin, ''someone is coming towards us." As he spoke, he started back from the knight's embrace, and looked round the angle of the tower near which they had been stand- ing. "Aldred, I must leave you here. Remember —the blessed prize rests between you and Thor- wald. I have spoken!" And with these words the boy hurried away, and was quickly lost in the gloom. Before the knight had opportunity to reflect upon the strange scene which had just passed, a female figure appeared to his view, approach- ing from the direction of the keep. She stopped when she saw him, and made a motion as though she would retire; but Aldred could not permit this. The impulse was upon him to speak one word—to claim her ear for a brief space—for he knew not when another chance would offer itself. "Lady," he said, taking a step towards her. "I thought Edwin was here," she responded. "Edwin was here, but he left when he knew that you were coming. Clara, he left me that you might find me alone." The words were spoken softly, tenderly, and entreatingly, and without further reserve the maiden advanced and extended her hand. "Aldred," she cried, seeking no longer to hide the emotions that had place in the depths of her beating heart, "before God I mean no wrong, and I think I do none. If I thought it a sin I would sooner tear my aching heart from my bosom than seek you thus." "My life, my light, my only joy!" answered Aldred, drawing the beautiful girl nearer to him, and pressing her hands to his lips. "There is no wrong. Before high heaven I have the right to love you now." Giving way to the gentle pressure that still drew her forward, Clara Douglas leaned upon the knight's bosom, and, with his stout arms about her, she rested with that outgushing of joy and thankfulness which can only flow from a heart wholly warmed into the life of love. "Aldred," she said, still resting within his embrace, but raising her head and looking up as she spoke, "it is not wrong. You have seen Edwin?" "Yes, sweet love." "And he has told you—" "My life! he has told me all. Aye, and more, too; for he has led me to hope what I never dared to entertain. He has told me that he should never claim you for his wife." "Generous boy!" murmured Clara, softly and sadly. "I love him dearly, he is so good and true; but I never felt other than a sister's love; and he, it seems, would claim no other love. I never saw him so entirely happy and grateful as he was when I assured him that I should always love him, and that, while we both lived, I would be a true and faithful sister to him." "Heaven bless him!" ejaculatcd Aldred, fer vently. A short season of silence, during which the maiden again laid her head upon its blissful rest, and our hero said: "Dear Clara, we most not remain long here together; but before we separate there is one important thing which we should understand. Without any cause given on our own part, Edwin of Kenmore has freely and voluntarily relinquished all claim to your hand; and he has, moreover, most emphatically declared it as his wish that you should be mine. At any rate, I have so understood him." "He has said the same to me," asserted Clara. "And has he told you what might be the wish of your father in the event of the failure of your marriage with him?" "O, Aldred, there was no need that he should tell me that. Already does Thorwald approach me with a lover's look, and more than once have I seen him regard you with the fiery glance of jealous hatred." "Let us understand each other," urged the knight, as though fearful of losing precious time. "By Edwin's own act you are freed from those bonds—bonds which your father placed upon you years ago. We will not say that he had no right to do that; but has he a right to make another barter now, and consign you to the keeping of a man whom you dread and—" "Whom I dread and loathe," finished the maiden, as her companion hesitated. "No," she continued, vehemently, "he has no right to do it. And yet I feel sure——" "Go on, Clara." "O, Aldred, it seems hard—it seems almost wicked—to speak of what may be in the event of Edwin's death!" "And yet," added the knight, "it is upon the probability of such an event that we are to base the line of our future conduct. But let us say no more of that now.—Generous, noble boy! May he live to enjoy much of life! Let us understand only one thing: Let what will come, you cannot be the wife of Thorwald." "Never, Aldred!" "And," pursued our hero, earnestly, "if the time comes when your father and Atholbane would make you the wife of Thorwald, you will turn to me for hope and succor?" "Yes," answered Clara, eagerly. "Then, sweet love, we have the end in view. We understand each other perfectly, and from this hour the bright star of promise leads me on. Without thought of wrong, I will cherish your fond image in my soul, trusting that in the end all joy and blessedness shall be ours!" "Heaven grant it may be so!" fervently prayed the maiden. And when Aldred would have again raised her hand to his lips, she turned her face to- wards him, and, with throbbing heart and gushing tenderness, she gave him the first warm kiss of love that had ever set its holy seal upon their unspoken vows. A little while—a brief, sweet season of bliss- ful rapture—and then Clara gently withdrew from the knight's embrace. "I must go now, Aldred. I may be missed." "It is right, Clara. Go; and may the richest blessings of Heaven go with you!" She had turned to depart whan a footfall close at hand caused them both to start with alarm. "We are betrayed! cried the frightened maiden. Aldred had put forth his arm to protect his love, when he recognised the fragile form of Edwin. "Don't be alarmed," spoke the boy, advanc- ing towards them. "I meant not to disturb you." "You have not, dear cousin,'' replied Clara, "I was upon the point of returning to the keep when I heard your step. I have not been here a great while." "Not long," answered the lad, with a slight touch of reticence in the tone; "but I thought I would come and bear you company to the keep. I have not been watching you." "But you have been waiting for me?" said his cousin. "No. I saw Thorwald by the wicket of the inner ballium; and as he seemed to be watching for something I thought I had better come out and meet you. He might suspect something if he saw you returning alone from the direction of this tower." "Good, kind Edwin!" murmured Clara, as she gave him her hand. "I am glad you came." The cousins walked away together, and in a very few moments after they had disappeared towards the keep Aldred heard footsteps ap- proaching from the opposite direction. They were stealthy, creeping steps, and had he not been listening attentively for another sound, he might not have heard them. Not caring to meet any one at that time, and especially un- willing to meet the person whom he believed was coming, he moved back within the shadow of a tangled vine that crept up the wall of the tower, and in a minute more Thorwald came up, and stopped directly where our hero had been standing. "By saint Michael!" muttered the dark son of Eric, after looking up and down the parapet, "I think the lady came this way; and she must have made a long stop of it. If I had taken the other course I might have met her. Have a care, my pretty bird! If you make too free with the base-born hireling of Lanark, it shall be the worse for him!" Thorwald ground his heel into the turf as he spoke, and a fierce oath made finish of his sen- tence. He looked carefully around once more, and then moved on towards the keep. "The course before me is very plain now," said Aldred to himself as he stepped out from behind the vine. "Still," he added, as he turned down into the court, "I had better keep my eyes open. I have too much at stake to be careless after this. I thank thee, Thorwald, for the caution thus unintentionally given; and if I do not profit by it, it shall be my own fault." When our hero reached the keep he found the two earls engaged in marking out a programme for the approaching tournament. "Good Aldred," said Atholbane, with a cheer- ful smile, "we shall have a grand display of arms next week. You will have opportunity to measure swords and try lances with the best knights of the two kingdoms." "I shall try that my bearing may reflect credit upon him who educated me," replied our hero, modestly. "Well spoken," cried Douglas, approvingly. "I shall not fear for the reputation of Lanark. Gomar, the stout earl of Northumberland, is to oppose me, and I shall take you upon my side." Aldred bowed in acquiescence. "And now," said Atholbane, addressing the youth, "would it please you to accompany good Douglas to Scone to-morrow? He goes to see the king, and would like that you should go with him." Aldred was both willing and anxious to go; and arrangements were made accordingly. CHAPTER IX. THORWALD IN THE BLUE CHAMBER. "MOTHER, do you believe in ghosts?" Earl Douglas and Aldred had gone to Scone; Atholbane was on the plain outside the castle, superintending the preparations for the tour- nament; and Thorwald and his mother were alone in one of the small drawing- rooms. Lady Margaret looked up with a startled ex- pression, but made no answer. "Do you believe in ghosts?" Thorwald repeated the question, not from curiosity, nor from a mere whim, as his manner plainly testified. He was nervous and anxious and seemed desirous of sharing his burden with another. "Why do you ask that question, my son?" "Because I want to know what you think about it." The countess seated herself, and after regard- ing the questioner for some moments, she said: "You have some purpose in your mind, Thorwald. "What is it? Has anything new transpired?" "Nothing new, mother. You know what Aldred professes to have seen," "I have heard," replied the lady with a shud- der. "He claims that he has seen a ghost in the Blue Chamber," pursued Thorwald, taking a seat near to his mother; "and he also asserts that it is the spirit of the woman who was countess of Kenmore before you." "I have heard so," returned Lady Margaret, turning pale. "Now," said the son, "I think there is room for doubt and suspicion here." The countess shook her head. "I fear it is a vain hope, my son. With my own eyes I have seen sights in that old tower which were not of human origin." "But," urged Thorwald, "did you ever sse the face which this knight of Lanark professes to have seen?" "No." "Do you believe he has seen it?" "Thorwald?" "I ask you—Do yon believe he has seen it?" "Surely, my son, I cannot tell. It is not impossible." "And yet you, to whom all the ghosts of the tower have had opportunity to show themselves, have never seen it. Do you think the earl has seen it?" "I think he has," answered the countess, slowly and tremulously. The quiver of her voice, however, was not indicative of quiet sor- row, but rather of a jealous pang. "But," she added, in quicker tones, "he has never directly told me so." "Ah, mother," cried Thorwald, moving his chair nearer to her, "I know your secret. You think the earl has seen the ghost of his first wife, and that he has not loved you so well since." A smile, faint and sinister, wreathed the com- pressed lips as Lady Margaret replied: " Atholbane had no love to lose. He never loved me as he loved Maud of Perth. He made me his wife so that he might raise up an heir to Kenmore." "And a precious work he has made of it!" exclaimed the knight, derisively. "A most marvellous heir is Edwin!" "Hush, Thorwald. Edwin is my child." "But he is not your only child, nor is he your first-born. And moreover, he came of a father who never gave you a husband's love. Did the Norman Eric love you?" "Yes, passionately." "Then," cried Thorwald, in vehement tones, at the same time leaning forward and grasping his mother's arm, "I ask you plainly—Which of the two sons do you love best?" "I love Eric's son best," was the answer. "And would you not prefer that Eric's son should be heir to Kenmore?" "Yes." "And would you not prefer that Eric's son should be the husband of Clara Douglas?" "I cannot deny it." "Then, my mother, we understand each other. Of Edwin I have no fear. Clara does not love him, and I doubt if he is at all anxious to possess her hand. You have some penetra- tion. You have seen the signs—what think you? Am I not right?" The countess bowed assent. "And now," continued the knight, with a vengeful flashing of the eyes, " we arrive at the point where we may look for real trouble. What think you of this upstart of Lanark?" Lady Margaret clutched her hands, and tightly closed her lips. Thorwald observed and understood the sign, and in a lower and more insinuating tone he went on : "My fair cousin does not dislike this adven- turer. In fact, I believe she loves him. I think they were together last evening." "Ha!'"cried the countess, with a start. "Is that so?" "I think it is. And now," added Thorwald, with flashing eye, and at the same time smit- ing his fist upon his knee, "I'll tell you one thing more that I think: I think your husband loves Aldred of Lanark better than he loves me." The countess was silent only for a moment, and than she answered, without the least effort to conceal her real feelings: "Since you have discovered what has made itself most unwelcomely apparent to me, there is no need that we should bs silent." She paused awhile, and said in a lower tone: "I do not hope much from Edwin. The physician only shakes his head when I ask him his opinion. If blood of mine is to be united with Douglas, and inherit Kenmore, my only hope is in my first-born." Then, with kindling eye and determinate emphasis: "I cannot divest myself of the fear that Al- dred stands in the way. I like him not. I see danger in his shadow. If Edwin becomes not the husband of my brother's daughter, it is not impossible that Atholbane may favor the suit of this base-born waif." "Enough!" cried Thorwald. "Leave the Knight of Lanark with me. Ere many days I shall have opportunity to meet him fairly in the list. I shall be opposed to him, and I will single him out for my own lance and battle-axe." "Beware,my son. Aldred is not a boy. A Douglas gave him training." "Pshaw! he will be as a boy in my hands. "Sdeath! do you imagine that he can hold a lance against me? By Saint Michael, I am good for a a score of such opponents. But enough of him. I will care for him when the time comes. And now to this ghost. Have the spirits of the old tower ever done harm to mortal man?" "Not that I know of," replied the countess. "Then I shall keep watch in the blue cham- ber to-night. Aldred is away, and I will have a look at the immaterial woman he prates of. If he is designingly working upon the earl's fears and fancies, I will expose him. At all events, I am determined to know what it means. If the spirit or ghost of Maud of Perth appears to him it will appear to me. Bah! I have no faith in it!" Though Margaret's belief in the reality of the ghostly visitations had been firm, and though nothing could have induced her to spend a night in the haunted tower, yet she was well pleased that Thorwald had resolved to try the experi- ment. During the time that she had occupied those apartments, she had seen frightful ghosts, and heard horrible noises, but she had never seen the face of Lady Maud. Still, she doubted not that her husband had seen it, and that others had seen it, and she knew that Atholbane had not been the same man since the spirit of his dead wife appeared to him. She had known before that the deep place of love in his heart, which Maud had occupied, had never been her's, but she had not realised how little room in that heart was given up to her. From the time of the appearance of that unresting spirit, how- ever, she had known it all. She had no hope that her son would make any discovery calculated to upset the ghostly theory, but she did hope that he might see what the earl and Aldred had seen, and bring her some reliable word. "If your nerves are strong," she said, "and you are proof against the effect of terror, I think there can be no danger." "I have no fears," persisted Thorwald. "I shall spend the coming night in the Ghost's Tower, and on the morrow I will tell you the result." With this the knight arose and left the apart- ment, and shortlyafterwards joined the earl on the plain, where he rendered such assistance as he could in directing the workmen, who were put- ting up the pailing for the list. The afternoon was warm and sultry, but to- wards night big clouds showed themselves over the summit of Ben Lawers, and as the sun went down the wind arose, and a storm of rain set in. As the evening advanced the storm increased, until the mountains fairly cracked beneath the shock of the heavy thunder, and when the lightning flashed both heaven and earth seemed ablaze. Thorwald had planned that he would watch alone in the Ghost's Tower, but when he went into the western corridor and heard the rain beat against the wall, and the wind howl around the towers and bartizans, he thought it would be more comfortable to have a companion, and to this end he sought his esquire. This esquire, or body servant, was a Saxon named Griffeth—a broad-shouldered, thick- headed, pugnacious fellow, some forty years of age—bold enough in a fight when his temper was aroused, and faithful to his master while it was for his interest so to be. He had plenty of brute strength, and in a rough way, he knew how to use it; but when that failed him he had no reserve force to fall back upon. With his present feelings, he liked what his master liked, and hated what his master hated. To this man Thorwald proposed the plan he had conceived since the storm came on. "Of course I have no fear," he explained; "but company would make it more agreeable on such a night, and, moreover, two can watch better then one." Thorwald could not have found a more wil- ling man. Griffeth was not only willing, but he was anxious to go. He declared that he had long desired an opportunity to spend a night in that tower. He had heard a great deal about ghosts,and he had a strong wish to see one. He did not exactly believe in ghosts, and he could not say that he disbelieved; but he could say that he was ready to be convinced. So, after the rest of the household had retired, Thorwald and his esquire, the former carrying a lantern, and the latter an unlighted lamp and a basket containing several bottles of wine, made their way towards the western tower. They reached the large bed-chamber without trouble, where they deposited the basket and lighted the large lamp, after which they went into the Blue Chamber. "This is the place where the ghosts generally congregate," said Thorwald. "It's a kind of ghostly looking place, any way," responded Griffeth, looking round upon the sombre tapestry. As he spoke, a vivid flash of lightning set the room ablaze, and in a moment more the thunder fell with a clap that shook the walls of the old tower till the stones seemed ready to tumble. The pugnacious esquire, who was never afraid of lightning and thunder before, cringed and trembled now. "God sounds!" he gasped. "I never heard anything like that" "That's nothing," said Thorwald. "The lightning is just as sharp, and the thunder as loud, elsewhere as it is here." "Of course it is," assented the Saxon, laugh- ing a cadaverous laugh. And he fancied that he had shaken off the momentary terror. "But it is a gloomy old room, though, isn't it?" "I call it a very pleasant room," replied the knight. "In fact, it is one of the pleasantest apartments of the castle. The earl used it for his own until this ghost came to haunt it." "Isn't there but one ghost, my master?" "I don't know how many there may be. There's only one that I am particular about seeing." "And what's that?' "The ghost of a woman." "But how is it about those old murdered monk?" demanded Griffeth. "I suppose any of them will come that may happen to take a notion." "Pshaw! That's all nonsense," asserted Thorwald. "What would those old fellows be doing—" "Ha!—What's that?" It was the esquire who uttered the exclama- tion; and as he did so he started back towards the door of the bed- chamber. "That was only the moaning of the wind," said Thorwald. "But I heard a footstep." "It is nothing. Mercy! just think of the howl of the storm, and remember how many sounds, in such a place as this, may arise from that cause. I trust that your resolution is not deserting you so soon." "No," returned the Saxon, shaking himself; "I am not afraid.—Heavens!—" A stream of lightning set the air on fire, and the bolt that exploded shook the old walls till they quivered to their very foundations. "I tell you, my master," howled the esquire, as soon as he could command his speech, "this lightning and thunder is not the work of nature. Who ever heard the like before?" The timidity of his attendant served to give the knight control over himself, and he laughed derisively. "Griffeth, your senses are leaving you. What, do you suppose, have ghosts to do with the lightning? Bah! Don't be a child! Courage, man! Let us go into the other room and get the wine, and then we'll take our places for the watch. If only the lightning and the thunder come to disturb us, I shall make up my mind that there are no ghosts here." They went into the bed- chamber, where the esquire almost emptied one bottle at a single draught; and as the generous influence thereof mounted to his brain, he became quite bold and defiant. He was not in the habit of drinking wine of that quality, and perhaps he mistook a part of its warmth for the influence of his own returning nerve and resolution. "Come, Griffeth,—bring along the basket, and we will find comfortable places in the other room." "All right," responded Griffeth, lifting the basket and moving forward. "If there are any ghosts about to-night I hope they'll show them- selves. Of course, I couldn't fancy the idea of having these walls tumble about our heads by the lightning; but I don't think I should be afraid of all the ghosts in Scotland. Who ever heard of a ghost's hurting anybody?" "The very question I have asked myself a thousand times," added Thorwald. "ust think of it. That young braggadocio of Lanark occupies these apartments night after night. Bah!— Shall we tremble where he chooses to walk?" "I don't think we shall, my master. But— has he seen any ghosts?" "He says he has; but he may be lying. He may tell that story in order that he may keep possession of the finest apartments of the cattle. We'll see whether he tells the truth or not" "And," suggested Griffeth, "If you don't find them haunted, I should advise you to take them for your own use." "I shall most certainly do so.—There, Grif- feth,—here we are. Suppose we take our seats near this shrine. They say evil spirits are afraid of the holy cross; and if they are, this crucifix may prove a protection to us." "And good spirits we are not afraid of," added the esquire, with a light laugh at the wit of his application. They took their seats close by the shrine, in the corner of the room nearest to the door of the bed-chamber, and having taken one more draught from the bottle they composed them- selves for quiet rest. "If you should feel very sleepy," said Thor wald," you must let me know; and I will do the same on my part; for we must not both sleep together." The moments dragged heavily and wearily away. The storm raged without, rattling the casements, and moaning and howling around the angles and towers of the castle; while ever and anon the vivid lightning turned the dark- ness into living fire, and the thunder came crashing down at though the Cyclops were hurl- ing the mountains from their beds. "It must be near midnight," spoke Griffeth, who saw that his master had a tendency to sleep. "Eh!" cried Thorwald, with a start. "I say it must be near midnight." "Yes,—l think it must." "If the ghosts are coming, they will be along very soon." "I should think so. I believe they gene- rally—" Thorwald's speech was cut short by a stream of lightning that for the moment completely blinded him; and the crash of thunder that followed was terrific. As the last echo died away among the distant mountains the light of the lamp, which stood upon a ledge of the altar, grew pale, and presently a ghostly glare pervaded the apartment. Then a deep groan, as of some one in torment, greeted the ears of the watchers; and directly afterwards a wild peal of demoniac laughter broke upon the air. With hair erect and eyes starting from their sockets, Griffeth raised his trembling hand, and as Thorwald followed the direction indicated, he beheld the figure of an old man, clad in a monkish costume, standing near the centre of the apartment. The face was horrible to look upon, and from a frightful gash in the forehead a stream of blood was trickling down the sunken cheek. Slowly the awful presence raised its bony hand, and, in hollow, sepulchral tones, pro- nounced: "Son of Eric, what would'st thou?" Thorwald had no power of speech; nor had he the power of motion; but, fixed in his seat as though held there by a hand of iron, he could only gaze upon the horrible spectre in silent terror. The Saxon had crouched down behind the altar, and covered bis eyes with his hands. Another wild, screeching laugh broke the air —not from the lips of the bleeding monk, but from a source unseen,—and then the presence spoke again: "You have sought me, and you have found me. Henceforth I will be with you when ye wot not. Look to thyself, Son of Eric, and be sure there is a just God in Heaven!" As the voice ceased a howling wind filled the apartment; the lamp was extinguished; the ghostly glare went out; another wild laugh, with which were mingled groans and screeches most horrible, followed; the old oaken chairs, as though gifted with the power of motion, rattled against each other, until they were finally hurled upon the watchers, striking them down, with their faces to the floor. Then all was hushed, save the mournful howling of the storm, and the rushing of the cold, damp wind that still filled the apartment CHAPTER X. PASSING AWAY. THE broad-shouldered Saxon endured the crushing, painful weight upon his back—a weight that almost stopped his breath—until he could endure no more, and then he strove to change his position by raising his body upon his hands and knees. At the first movement, how- ever, he felt a cold hand upon his neck, and with a frightful howl he threw himself upon his side, and stretched forth his arm. He had as lief be killed outright as to be smothered to death. "Griffeth!" 'Eh! Is that you, master?" "Is this you, Griffeth?" "Yes." "And," added Thorwald, "this is I." "Has it gone?" asked the esquire, slowly rising to a sitting posture. "Was that your hand upon my neck?" The watchers soon satisfied themselves that they were together, and when they had removed the chairs that had been hurled upon them, they arose to their feet. All was dark as Erebus, however, and for some time they stood where they had risen without speaking. At length a vivid stream of lightning illumined the place, and for an instant they were enabled to see things very plainly about them. Nothing seemed out of the way, save that the chairs had been tipped over and their lamp extinguished. "Where does this wind come from?" queried the knight, as the darkness once more closed in upon them. Hardly had the words dropped from his lips, when a low, hollow groan sounded through the apartment, followed by a sharp clanking of chains, and in another instant the wind ceased —the air was still and close—and the voice of the tempest without alone broke upon their ears. "My soul!" gasped Griffeth, his knees shak- ing and his teeth chattering, "let us get away from here! If we make haste we may come out alive." "We can never find our way in such dark- ness," groaned Thorwald. "Our lantern is in the next room," pursued the esquire, "and I have a flint and steel in my pocket. If you wish to stay here, you must stay alone. I have had enough of it." And so had the Son of Eric had enough of it, as the audible quaking of his limbs plainly tes- tified. He did not claim that he was without fear, and he had no further remarks to make touching the timidity of his companion. An- other flash of lightning showed them the open doorway to the adjoining chamber, and Griffeth got through quickly enough to grasp the lantern before the gleam had died away. He found his flint and steel and tinder; and after much trouble, caused by the trembling of his hands, as well as by the dense darkness, he managed to strike a light, and thus to ignite the lantern- lamp. The basket, with two or three full bottles, had been left in the Blue Chamber; and though both the adventurers, in their unnerved condition, felt sorely the need of the generous stimulus, yet neither of them cared to go back after it; nor did either ask the other to go; but as soon as the lantern had been prepared they made the best of their way from the tower, and stopped not until they had reached the knight's own apartment, where other full bottles were found. After lighting a lamp and taking generous draughts of wine, the two men sat down and looked each into the other's face. Thorwald was the first to speak, and the quivering of his voice showed that he had not wholly recovered from his fright. "Griffeth, I charge you that you never men- tion what we have this night seen and heard." "Must I never mention a word of it ?" de- manded the esquire. The knight knew how prone such men were to relate the incidents of startling adventure, especially when they had themselves borne prominent part therein; and feeling that it might be impossible for his follower to keep the entire thing a secret, he wisely changed the terms of the injunction. "You shall promise me this: If you mention the circumstance of your being in the Ghost's Tower, you will not call my name. You will never give even a hint that I have been there." "I promise that; and may the ghost of the murdered monk come and carry me off if I break the faith," replied Griffeth, solemnly. Then, after a pause, he asked : "Good master, what do you think of it?" "What do you think of it?" returned Thor- wald. "I think I shall never dispute old Finlan again. I went to that old tower to see a ghost, and I think I saw one." "But," said the knight, tremulously, "did you hear it speak?" "Aye—that I did, my master. My life! what a horrible voice! It makes me cold like ice when I think of it!" "Are you sure you heard it distinctly?" "I heard it so distinctly that I never wish to hear the like again," answered the Saxon, em- phatically. "What did the words sound like to you?" "Deathly enough." "But I mean—what, to you, seemed their purport?" The esquire gazed into his master's face with a vacant look, as though he did not fully com- prehend. "I'm sure, Sir Thorwald," he finally said, a little reluctantly, "I can hardly pretend to solve the riddle. Still, if you would know my thought, I can give it." The knight nodded, and Griffeth went on: "If I had been in your place, and the hor- rible spectre had spoken to me as it did to you, I should have thought it ment to frighten me." "And perhaps it would have succeeded." "I can't say as to that, my master; but I can assure you that I shouldn't have thought of seeking another interview.'* "Very well, Griffeth. I think you heard aright; but I would not have you think that I attach much importance to the ghostly words. They were the mere vaporings of an uneasy spirit. What have I to do with monks that were butchered before my Norman ancestors landed on these shores? Bah! That is the way ghosts make capital. Go to your bed, my man, and forget, if you can, that you ever heard a ghost speak. The esquire went to his bed; and what he forgot, or what he remembered, matters not to us. No doubt the ghost of the bleeding brow haunted his dreams that night, and for many nights succeeding. Thorwald went to his bed, also; but not to forget. It was not so much what he had seen that troubled him as what he had heard. "Look to thyself, Son of Eric, and be sure there is a just God in Heaven!" What did it mean? He tried to convince himself that he might have misunderstood; but his esquire had heard the same words. Then he sought to believe that some malevolent human agency had been employed to worry him; but he could find no tenable proposition upon which to hang such a conclusion. He had no doubt that he had seen a real ghost; and the only relief he could gain from his reason was, that the spirits of those old murdered monks thus sought to terrify and frighten away all who intruded upon their haunts. But why had they not appeared to Aldred of Lanark? Why was it that only the spirit of a beautiful woman appeared to him? Directly a jealous hatred of Aldred possessed him, and as this was a relief from the terror that had tortured him, he fell asleep, and so, for a season, forgot his troubles. When he woke the morning was well advanced, and the beams of the sun were just struggling through the clouds which were sweeping away to the eastward. When he met his mother, she was anxious to know if he had spent the night in the Ghost's Tower. He replied that he had stopped there as long as he had desired. At first he had thought that he would tell his mother nothing at all of what he had seen, but her next question called for a direct answer, and, after a little consideration, he concluded to tell her the whole story, omitting only the words of ill omen that had been spoken to him. "Did you see that woman?" the countess asked in a tone of hushed eagerness. "No, mother." "Did you see anything?" And then Thorwald told his story, omitting nothing of what he had seen, but rather aiming to give as much terror to the narrative as pos- sible. "We waited," he concluded, "until this hor- rible presence had disappeared, which it did in a whirlwind of such power and fury, that the heavy furniture was fairly driven around the room. Believing that the ghost of the woman would not appear after that, I did not think it worth while to stop; for, to tell you the truth, the prospect of a longer abode in that place was not pleasant." "But," queried Margaret, "how is it that Sir Aldred sleeps so quietly there night after night? It puzzles me. Can it be that these horrible spectres do not appear to him?" The son of Eric ground his heel into the floor and gnashed his teeth. "Don't mention that name to me," he cried. "There is some evil influence at work in all this, and the sooner the interloper is out of our way, the better. What called him here? Why did he seek Kenmore?" "If accident brought him here," said the countess, "it was a most untoward event, even though the life of my child was saved thereby. But," she added, as though she felt it necessary to qualify such an assertion somewhat, "I do not believe that any such event happened. Edwin would have gained the shore without any of this man's assistance." "That is my opinion," echoed Thorwald. "But now," pursued his mother, "Aldred of Lanark is here, and it is very evident that, if left to himself, he will remain for a long time. The earl seems to have fallen in love with him. "You've spoken the truth!" exclaimed the knight, with a fierce oath. "As surely as I am at this moment speaking with you, Atholbane loves Aldred of Lanark better than he does me. By the gods! do you think I shall submit? Shall I see the base-born intruder bear off the love of the earl, and the love of Clara Douglas at the same time? By the sacred rod of Woden I'll put my foot down somewhere, and the das- tard had best beware that his head does not fall beneath it." Thorwald had turned away, and was upon the point of departing, when hit mother called him back. "My son." she said, "I know your hot tem- per and your spirit of reckless daring, but I also know that you have cause for deepest en- mity here. Be wise; be cautious. Clara Douglas is not for Edwin. If Aldred of Lanark shall stand between my first-born and my fair niece, I will not hesitate to lend my aid to over- come the obstacle. So, Thorwald, fear not to trust me in all things. It may be better for you if you do." The knight thanked his mother, and assured her that she should have his confidence. "But," he added, "we will take no further steps until after the tournament. If Aldred comes forth from the list unscathed, we may have need of conference." "I hope he will not," exclaimed the countess, quickly and earnestly. "My son," she con- tinued, with an admonitary motion of the head, "I know that you are brave and stong, and well skilled in the use of arms, and I also know that Aldred of Lanark has not many superiors of his age. And now let me tell you one more thing that I know. Clara Douglas has been reared and educated to look upon brave and gallant men with something of reverence, and her feelings may be much influenced by the result you anticipate. I know you will seek to break a lance with Aldred—" "Enough, mother; I can think all you would say. I will meet the Knight of Lanark in the list, and Clara Douglas shall see him go down before me. I have said it; wait you for the re- sult." When Thorwald descended to the court he sought Siward, the armorer, to whom he pro- posed that they should repair to the armory, and try a bout with the broadsword and the axe. "Hold a moment, Sir Thorwald," cried the armorer, after they had taken their positions, with sword in hand. " You forget your left foot." "Never mind my feet, Siward. It is my sword you are to look out for." The weapons were crossed, and, in a very few moments, the knight was driven back against the wall. "You are over anxious, good master. What meant that out-of-the-way thrust at my throat?" "I was trying an experiment," replied Thor- wald, recovering himself. "Ay my soul, the experiment might have cost you dear. It was a dangerous one." The knight exhibited some slight signs of anger, but after a moment's pause he laughed, and promised not to make any more such ex- periments. They crossed their swords again, and this time Thorwald came off best. "It's of no use," said the armorer, after the swords had been laid aside, and the axes tried. "You are stronger than I, and your skill is superior in every way. You must find some one nearer your equal if you would test your arm." Thorwald laid aside his axe, seemingly well pleased with the result of the trial, after which he expressed a desire that Siward would take his armor and examine it in every part. He said he was soon to meet some of the best knights of the two kingdoms, and he wished to be prepared. He wanted every joint looked to, every rivet tested, and the whole put in the best possible condition. "Bah!" cried the armorer's boy, after Thor- wald had gone, "why did you let that man handle you so easily?" "That man may be master of Kenmore one of these days," replied Siward, with a signifi- cant nod. "And what do you care for that?" "Peace, boy. It doesn't cost much to give way to such a man. It makes him feel better, and surely it makes me feel no worse. It is well for him, however," continued Siward, shaking his head as though half speaking with himself, "that he did not make a second attempt at my throat. If he had, I might have found it more difficult to control my arm. What in the world did he mean? It was a clear death-stroke, and never allowed at play." "At any rate," urged the boy, who had a great reverence for his master's skill at arms, "you don't think that Thorwald could over- come you in a fair bout." "I don't know, Bonney, how that might be." "Do you think he is as good at Sir Aldred?" "You ask too many questions, my lad." "And I wish you'd answer some of them. Now I think that Sir Aldred is the best man, and I know that you think so, too." "Wait until the tournament, Bonney, and then we shall see. And in the meantime you must keep yourself busy, for we shall have plenty to do. Behave yourself, and you shall have a chance to see all that is to be seen when the bold knights enter the list." That evening, after the shadows had gathered thickly in, a servant came to the earl, and in- formed him that Edwin wished to see him. He found his son in his chamber, and in bed. "Be not alarmed, dear father. I am not very sick. But I feel weak, and my breath comes hard. Perhaps I had better see the physician." Without stopping to make further inquiry, the earl sent for the physician, and then took a seat by the bedside. "Dear boy," he said, taking his child's thin hand, "you must not be sick now. In a few days the tournament comes off, and——" "I shall be there to see," cried Edwin, with animation. "It is only a faintness for a short season. "Some of good old Malbert's cordial will quickly revive me." In a little while Malbert came, and when he saw the sufferer his countenance fell. He was an old man, of at least three-score years and ten, and had been the physician of Kenmore since the earl's childhood. "Good Malbert," pleaded the boy, "please tell my father that I am not very sick. You can make me well enough to see the tournament." The physician said he would do the best he could, and after this he sat down and took the invalid's hand in his own. By and by he ad- ministered a gentle cordial, after which the patient breathed more freely, and both he and the earl sat there until the boy fell asleep. "He will get over this," said Malbert, after they had left the patient in charge of the nurse. "But," urged Atholbane, "I wish you to tell me truly—can he fully recover?" The physician shook his head. "Keep nothing from me, Malbert. I would know the worst." "It is best you should, my lord. Therefore I tell you, it is my judgment your son has not many weeks to live. The tide of his life is run- ning very low. There is no particular point to which remedy can be applied, for the whole wondrous machinery of the body is worn out— worn out before its time. Be kind to him, my lord, for he will not tax your love much longer." Silently the earl turned to his own chamber, where he sat down and wept. Not alone be cause his boy was dying did he weep, but be- cause his heart was lonely and sad from other blighting touches. "Dark! dark! dark!" he groaned. "Life's flowers wither and fade in their early blossom. No bud of promise has ever put forth its full bloom for me!" On the following morning Edwinwas better, and with Clara he walked out upon the parapet. The earl saw him, and saw that he had to lean heavily upon his cousin's arm for support. The steps were weak and tottering, and the thin, pale face had grown thinner and paler. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 