TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR. Advice to Spain.—As it's all Serrano, let it also be " all serene" oh ! A Hint foe Life Insurance Companies.— Honesty the best policy. Why is a cow's tail like a swan's breast ?— Because it grows down. When is an alderman like a ghost 2—When he is a goblin (gobbling). i Why do ladies like a north-east 'wind?—Be cause it brings chaps to their lips. • - - In northern countries, by a wise provision of nature, the mountains are clad in firs. " Fun" Proposes a Toast.—May education spread, but never let it enable a cabman to count his horse's ribs. A Definition.—Drawing lots—taking three children in a go-cart to Kew. Casting lots— turning them over on the road. Shame.—How to give a young lady " a turn " —Get her to promise you the next waltz, and keep her going as long as you can stand. Driver—"Fly, ma'am?" Old Lady—"Bless the man, me fly? Why, it's as much as I can do to walk this muggy weather." A few years ago, an ingenious gentleman managed to get drunk gratuitously almost daily in the streets of London by falling down in a fit, with a small placard on his breast, " Don't bleed me but give me a glass of hot brandy and water." " John, where was the clergyman's text last Sunday?" "Let me see," said John, "I believe it was in the . Oh, bother my short memory ! I can't recollect the place, but the words were, 'Sleep on no«v, and take your rest.' " "What did he make of that, John?" "I don't know," was the reply; for he's con tinually been telling us that truth is always practical; so thinks I to myself, I'll'take you at your word for once, and I never awoke till after the Amen." A few days since a well-known lawyer, when about tc start on a railway journey, after taking his seat, found, on looking over his change, ..that the clerk had given him a shilling too Imuch. He accordingly returned, and inform -ing the clerk of his mistake, handed back the (money. For a moment the clerk stood speech less, ' then, recovering himself, exclaimed, j"Please stand, still one moment, sir, and let me look at you—and a lawyer too." Macready, and Phil Stone, the Property Man.—During the last season of Mr. Macready's i management, poor Phil Stone had given some | offence, and was discharged from his long held office. Hot knowing what to do, he opened a ) tripe shop in Drury Lane. It was during some very hot weather in the June following his dis ) missal, that Mr. George "Weiland, a great wagin 'his way, informed him that the eminent lessee, _though he had discharged him, would like to "give him a turn, and said he was to have a hot I sheep's head brought into Mr. Macready's dress ing-room oh such an evening, so that after'his 1 great fatigue he might enjoy it. Accordingly \ Phil Stone brought his delicious morsel (as he '.thought) into the dressing-room, spread the .little cloth, put the plate, knife, and fork, a |little salt, and the smoking hot dish in the centre, and, further, in acknowledgment of the honor conferred, presented the lessee with a cool pint of porter, in a new and highly polished pewter pot. The tragedy over, in stalked Macready, almost fainting with fatigue, . and the excessive heat of the night. Phil Stone had squeezed himself into a remote corner of the room, in anticipation of the uncontrolled delight the great man would experience on beholding and devouring the hot sheep's head. No sooner had Macready entered the room, than he ex claimed in a tragic tone, "Why, what's this? from whence proceeds this obnoxious smell ?' Phil Stone, who .was, not quite clear as to the literal meaning of the word obnoxious, thought it might be an expression of delight. Darting out of his corner, and rubbing his hands with joy, he said, "It's the sheep's head you ordered, all hot, sir."—"Hot, sir!" exclaimed the lessee, '' sheep's head ! What does it all mean ? Get out of the place, you little rascal, or I'll umph," and the tragedian showed his teeth. In a twinkling poor Phil Stone bundled up the whole affair,- and scampered out of the room in a perfect fover, which was partially cooled by the entire contents of the pint pot being showered over him. 