THE GHOST OF GRIMLY. THE.lkeon cold wind which howled so dismally outside Mr. Thornby's mansion but served to enhance the charms of his .. bright warm. drawing-room within. There around a cheorfiil fire a happy group woro gathorod. Soft lamplight never foll on six more interesting samples of the "human face divine" than wore theoro mot. It was a kind of gala night with the family, for Harry, the second son, had just whirled down from the city with a collego chum, Charloes Beortram, to enjoy his vacation at homo. He and his friend woro the lions of the evening. Both had passed a brilliant term; and while the parents listened de lightedly to Harry's amusing accounts of his various exploits, real and imaginary, Mabel, their only daughter, was equally proud of and anxious to draw out the con versational talents of her brother's friend. If there is any truth in oyoology, Charlio and Mabol's glances revoaled to each other a secret as yet unsuspected by all but one of the little circle, and that one was nMrs. Thornby. Percy, the youngest, a pale delicate youth of fifteen, was another of the admiring auditors. " If Tom were only hero," half sigheod Mrs. Thornby, "our party would be cornm plto." . " Never mind, dear," responded her hus band, "he will be with us by-and-by, when he has soon all tile wonders abroad." "Tom's a lucky dog," said hIarry, "roving over the world sight-seeing and enjoying himself while I'm poring over dry books, listening to prosy lectures, and spend teg hours in dissecting- rooms." "Is that your description of the noble Esoulapian science ? ' laughed Charlie. "But I say, oll boy, what's our hill-of-fun for to-morrow ?" " What do yos say to a turn at angling ait Willow River for a change? The trout are in prime season," answered Harry. "Take care to be back before night," in terrupted Percy. "Why?" returned the other, con temptuously. "What school-girl nonsense is this? Wo'ro not frightened at the dark if you are." "Don't scoff too soon," retorted Percy. "' Nor laugh at scars till thou Ihsst felt a wound,' " put in the mother, looking ten derly at the Benjamin of her flocir. "Well, then, hear the story," suggested the father; "for although I'm no believer in supernatural visitations, I am convinced that the apparition which so scared Percy was not an hallucination but a reality, and one which ihas made an indelible impression on his mind. But give your own account of it, my boy, in your own way." Mabel half-unconsciously nestled close to Charlie's protecting side whilst her brother in a low earnest tone thus began his recital : "The last time I went fishing my after noon's sport had boon unusually good. So I lingersd on till nightfall at the river side. Then shouldering my rod and tacleo, I took my basket, well laden with the fruits of my prowess, and turned homewards, whistling "- -? Vhe while. You all know that the ..t BO'f Pirits distulrDOs not the even tenor of my tho.ughts. The moon rose gloriously, shodding a silvery light over white monuments and gently- waving yew trees and cypresess. The family vault of the Mordants stands in the centre of the ground, and on it my gaze was steadfastly fixed. I became sad as I mused on my young friend whose lifeless form we had so recently followed to that its last resting-place. Suddenly, to my horror and astonishment, I perceived rising out of the shadow of the marble a figure, tall and robed as if in white. A old shiver ran through my veins as the form glided in my direction. The wall which separated us was no barrier to its progress, for in less time than it takes to relate he, she, or it was at my side. "'Who are you, and what do you want ?' " I demanded. "My reply, if such it may be called, was a low, piteous moan. My kunees trembled as I turned to look at the miserable spirit, for such I felt certain it was, and found that it was clothed in the grim habiliments of the grave. The winding-shoot fell over the feet and trailed the ground. The face was covered with wrapping, completely conceal ing all but the eyes and nose. The former were large, black, and turned on me a deeply mournful expression. My head swam, my legs almost refused my support. However, I made a desperate effort to throw off fear and marched on as quickly as.possible. Still my persecutor kept at my side, uttering a low piteous moan, and using all the har rowing gesticulation of silent despair. More dead than alive, I reached at length our threshold; and with my remaining strength I pulled the bell and then fell in a fit upon the step. . "This spectre, we iear, still haunts this neightbourhiood, and makes a practice of joining itself to all solitary pedestrians in their nocturnal rambles on business oxpedi tions." "I'm blest if this spiteful ghost shall do me out of my excursion," oxclaimed IIarry, at the conclusion of the tale. "No! indeed," rejoined Charlio; "it would be a charming piece of knight mo dern-orrantry to track this villain to his lurking-place, and then bolabour his beck with a good stick." "Thon you don't think it is a spirit," murmured Mabel. "No, dearest; and if I prove to you my conjeotures are truths, what recompense will you reward me ?" of All that such a deed of chivalry demands •of a lady fair," she roturned playfully. After more animated discussion it wa.s agrebd that the students should on the morrow conttrivo a plot, whereby the mid night wanderer might be circumvented and punished. Thus they parted for the night, earlC to his or her couch to dream-the parents of a sunny future for their children ; aIlrry of a grand tournament, in which the osird in habitants of ghoatlard were thie principal nators; Churliu of Mabel; and Mabel of orange-blossonie, bridu-cako, and merry bols?, whilst all thcet captivatlng visiOns in turn weore the visirtaorJ of I'orcyy' Ipilluw. The next day the vhaliat nliiuhents loua counsol together and letorniniol at all ha zards to sttol n a ial Ilill s Ilpu the(golli by zaiuning an olitranco to thuJ vault fi'oj a hbeen:. it wIII ?s eoaI 10i I, ton thu lr. joeto i hu ?,alrdlntii they l?cblud was iaehdi clt~ta o the~y ,uiullltag'lq tO raOIvines~l thu0 hs: tore Ihtit Iy hiendhl"e theni his!??) hey liiisue lending a hand in a good work. This was all speedily and satisfactorily arranged; and at ton o'clock the next evening the two sal lied forth on their heoroic mission. As on the former occasion thlo moon just rose as they neared the grave-yard; and by degrees in her brightening beams forming dim out lines and uncertain shadows all the mourn ful insignia of the sacred spot became dis tinctly visible. All naturo soomoed ushed in one of lher profoundost slumbers, the air so still that the footfall of the young men sounded like the tramp of a distant army. In spite of their hilih resolve and vaunted bravery, Harry and Charlio felt their spirits sink to zoro as they scaled theo damp wall of the burial ground. "Charlie," whispered Harry, "you have the ]key ? " " Yes," was the brief response. After lighting the dark lantern, they noiselessly descended the stops. Below it was chilly, darki, and damp; the atmos phere heavy and redolent of deathly earth. The coflins ranged around and one on the top of the other wore in different stages of preservation. The velvet cover and bright ornamentation of that of some great grandeire was now sadly impaired and dimmed by ago. In an obscuro corner there was a tiny infant's in its gay mocking trappings still fresh and bright ; whilst right opposite the intruders wae the yet untarn isled coffin of the recently-entombed Helen, who was supposed, at the return of each midnight hour, to break from her narrow confines to startle her qluandom friends and companions. "Lot's go over close and make a minute examination," said Harry under his breath, pointing in the direction of poor IHolen's corpse. "'eV'ro near enough to watch all that passes," replied Charlie in the same tone. For some time neither spoeto, their heavy respiration and palpitating hearts being the only signs of each other's presence. Every instant the air became more stifling and tile nerves of the adventurers more highly wrought. "This is awfeel," muttered Charlio, his brain reeling and a tinelking sound rushing to his ears. "It will be a fine ending to my boasted gallantry if I faint; and per hlaps she, my Mabel, will laugh at me." Ho groaned in agony mentally and physi cally at the bare idea. "Was that you, Charlie?" demanded Harry impatiently. " Yes, only me; it's getting so oppressive down here." "Well, then, you'd better mount and keep guard aloft; for perhaps the spirit is lurking above." M[ost thanltfully Charlis obeyed the order. Harry resumed his place and fixed his eyes steadily on Helen's niche. At length tIe old church clock numbered out thle twelve strokes; and to Harry's horror thle lid of leer coffin was slowly and carefully lifted, and the figure so vividly described by Percy rose up deliberately and composedly ar ranged its shroud about it. For a moment this sight deprived Harry completely of his presence of mind; and as tihe cold drops stood on his brow and each ghost hvaa .d..lm ost stood on end, the past him, and would have eluded detection had not Harry made a desperate effort to recover himself and shout to Charlie to look out. "Now for it," he vociferated, and was in a trico at his friend's side, and the hide-and seek game commenced in earnest. For some time the phantom had the best of it. It was quite evident that it was well acquainted with all the ins and outs and secret hiding-places of the cemetery. Two against one are however strong odds, and the shade of the departed Helen seeing its pursuers so resolute, became desperate and resolved if possible to jump the wall. It rushed madly and wildly towards the wall, but almost feared to chance getting over, lest it would lose time and be overtaken in the act and captured. The ghost-hunters were now more than ever persuaded they were not following a spectre, but some pitiful but hardened member of the human race. "I have you at last, you wretch," cried Harry, clutching at the grim habiliments of the enemy. "W Vho and what are you ? speak, or I'll pummel you to powder." Further attempt at disguise or flight being quite useless, in an abject voice it sued for mercy. It entreated the captors to take hands off, and promised a full con fession. "Get on then, you raca, they com manded, releasing him. " I'm Bill Daredire," said the miscreant, divesting himself of his ghastly attire and displaying thle slight figure of a young man. "I only intended to have a jolly larir by scaling tho folks rou~nd about. Thle chaps as meet at thle Noseablaza every nigbt almost hulrst a laughling whlen I give 'em hlow I frightened thlat era younrgster of yano~l. I was a lurking about when I heanrd yor planning w~ithl the sexton as hlow you intended to hunt me down. 'Nowv's yar time, Bill,' says tils fellows, 'for yar to taket thle shine out of them two swells; and if yer'll do it we'll giive yer a rare supper at Nosesiblazo an well as a heap o' tin.' So we got ar coffin pult in fronlt of the young Ilady whlirls completely hlid 'era. Twfo of my friesids, Jockr Cadger and Martin WVumpate, came over and heolped mo in, and are now siding sousewbero near to see thle fun. I hlumbly ax yer pardon, and if yer'll let me off this time I vow never to do the like "If," answere~d Hanrry, sternly contem plating thle culprit, " ysss swear solemnly to quit this cousity at dayduwn to-morrow, never to set foot ic it aganin, we will release you. If you brealt this treaty yen ansl yasir cempassions Iled hotter boolt out." Bill thsanlrfully complied wills thle stipu lated ternas, and was seen osst of sigist. Arm inl ansi withl a hioyamst tread, thle stsssents seems reucisod hssinso to tell thle joyful result of this adventureo. Theo fansihy were all mip anxioulsly awrisiing theoir retulrn. ]Iarry gui've a glowring· screumit ot thle uchioho athsir, geise"rsumisly aissittingi Csiinio's' menseultary sueakiieeee in this valult, cmiii givisug: him Isis falir ha(lf of' thle ghusry. It wiss curl·y isionis ing: amao thle itt us ristlus espnusterltr. JusuI'I Arl~l isbn'' i ge iiriir c hi uirlie Iiiio hliss mayloii I( speaklll toystrllier ist01 '~iii Iillcl ait bylll susie iiuuuiuu n l si un All eyes were now directed towards the cont'uecd young couple, whlo gladly escaped in thle hlurried giood-nights. "Mly dear wife," said M~r. Tbeornby in thle apartment sacred to matrimonisi confaibe, "rdo you k~now I fancy Chanrlie Bertram loves our Manbel " "No wonder," was the brief but rather evasive reply. Mlr. Tisoruby guessed whlich way the wind blewr, and in an aggirieved tone told isis better hralf thlat. le did riot at all approve of a pale flcedt student without a rap sn the world for his daughter's hlusband. "Brrft dear, " shlo pleaded, "reomember he is youlng, andd with onergy, Perseverance, and talent. Many he not win a position eli the coors honorable and praiseworthy for being of his own achievomont. Men born to fortuno and enervtentd by luxury, what cr0 they ?-dolts, puppets, nonentities. Be sides, th1ose svlo hanve fought with and gained v~ictory over difficulties, and mounted step by step from the lowest' rung of tise world's ladder till the proud pinnacle of wealthl and distioction has been attained- as's not these men," eshe continued, evaxingr warm, "lice marrow and the bacic-bone of every people--the true heroes?" "All very fine; hut are yen sure that this young pamraon possesses! thre stern stuff necessiary tsr thle accoruplislrments of such grand1 endsP" nolrcd Mr. Tiroruhy. "Yes, yes9; I feel sure that wich a goal in view, us our sweeot girl, added to his merits, he will fulfil all my prophecies con cerning: him." ""iell, well, yen may be right. I re collect whant es~onders you foretold a qluarter of a century ago respecting one who .[ hope hans risen to tire height you predicted for heim." "'Indeed he has," shre answered, boolting fondly in her Icusbaud's face. "'Al, those dear, dear, old day~s, now 'gone." And she repeated sweetly- John Anriersos, my jo John, Wbea N wesers first ocqosnint, Years lockts were liktb the raves, Yearr bonnie brasswase brslt. Bart new yealr brew is bald, Joke, Yealr locks are litre the snow; Bst blessings en year frosty pew, John Anderses, my jo. Jelse Anderson, my ja John, 'io ctamh the trill together; And manyacn lnny day, John, We've had n~i' one snitck. Nose see moot letter desen, Jehn; Bet hand is hand we'll go; And eteop lgoirehr at tiro fool, Johln Anderson, my is. No more wans said; hut it is needless to mention that htind Johln Thoroby gave his coneent to his daughlter's union with young Beortram. Time fled by, hearing on its wings to the Th~oruhies most oC the varied scenes wh~ichl checquer hruann life. Tom returned from his roamings with a wife to Thorohy H~all; and in due time the merry voices of children gladdened thle hearts of their grandparents. Dr. and Mrs. Beortram live a fewv hours' drive from thle home of Mahbel's ehildienod; and Charlie is on the h~igh road to prosperity, and hoasts five or shc letters of the alphabet as the legitimate appendages to his name. Hanrry and Percy ace enjoying a continental tour, end rejoice their mothler hy sending leer iiscrmljtidns oT't'ne CdlrSG6lWdc thU1 ennthi'td city end other foreign countries. B3ill Bare dire feithfolly keopt his wFord, and never eshowed his face again in his native place; and sinc&' his departure ghosts have not disturbed the tranquillity of Gtrimly. IseCOorerro. 