UNDER THE SPELL. ciurTcn v. Jll rllEUEltlCE WILLIAM B0BINS0N. , r. LASCEFORD of Dorset was of a procras iinatory disposition. "To-morrow and tomorrow " should have been the motto under L rampant tiger and mace which slione out on bis carriage panels and were stamped on the buttons of every servant at the Limes. After a struggle with liis ease, he had re- Bolved on a private tutor to the eldest children of Ms house, for he was a proud man in his heart and desired his sons to be a credit to the name lie had bestowed upon them. For 4,10 Lancefords had always been gentlemen, looked up to in tho county. The father of the present possessor of tho Limes had sat in the House for thirty years, and only love of his ease, and perhaps a fear of more things transpiring at his election than was pleasant to his reputation—for the tjawasbed find out all your little peccadilloes if they be opposed to your success—kept Mr. Jjaoceford from following in his sire's footsteps. He had thought more than once of soliciting the vote and interest of any independent body of electors—not in his own county, of course, but in a littlo rotten boroJ !, somewhere where votes were Eonrce and voters needy. That had been hia father's principle, and his father had been a shrewd man to the last day of hie life. Not that Mr. Lanceford hsd any great reason to fear the result of a contest nearer home, for he was a man of many friends in the county, and bore with tliem the reputation of being an injured and blighted being—married to a lady of certain Tirtues, but uncertain temper, and with *hom it had been found impossible to live. There might have been some people in exist-, ence to give another version to the story, had }fr. Lanceford courted public attention; and though bis friends would have set it all down to evil speaking, lying, and slandering, yet Jlr. Lanceford hated excitement and the fatigue of explanation, and was contented enough in his present position—why ruin his health by keeping late hours, for the take of M.P. to a name that shone brightly without it ? So Mr. Lanceford thought he would leave the bone of M.P. to be fought for by bis tons. He had a hope that Edmund and Nathan, both of whom would inherit a fair fortune from tlieir mother, were destined to chine in the House, and add honour to (he old family name; and as for Willie—ah ! he had groat hopes of that boy. Therefore his children must grow up gentlemen; and as the schools at which his eldest sons had been educated were turning one out like a savage aud the other like a 6impIeton, it was time to place them in more careful hands. Mr. Lanceford had thought eo trhen Willie came home for his holidays, ' as stated in a previous chapter; lie had mentioned hiB intentions when accompanying his children to London, and had even' made one effort to procure a tutor by advertisement, which had brought three hundred and twenty-seven answers just as he was thinking of Paris for one thing, and how the boys harassed him for another. Well, tho boys were very young; a year vrould do no harm. Edmund was very unruly at home, aud he couldn't lose time finding out the best tutor for his sons. So ®Jmund went to Eton for a change, Nathan back to his own school, and three hundred and twenty-seven hungry souls waited for knocks in vain, made up his jS? 88 ? 11 before Mr. Lanceford mind this time ^ s a i n - f u l ' y ma , de U P his vertisement and from m m W,thoUt a °? d " Mr Giirnfitf ' ** unknown quarter, a and one to whom he trusted every respect might be shown. It was not till six months afterwards, when Willie came home for the midsummer holidays, and was in his fourteenth year, that he saw Mr. Gurnett for the first time. Willie had arrived in Dorsetshire a day before be was expected, and thus there lay before him the boy's pleasure of taking his friends unawares. He walked the five miles between Dorchester railway station and the Limes with a firm step and a light heart, singing in the first flush of his liberty that " Dulce Domain," with which he and hia comrades yesterday had ma<& the school vails ring. Willie had shot upsWe inches eincehe rode the Shetland pony to the Limes one winter's afternoon. His doting^ mother called him a fine boy; and, though bothers in general are rather out in their eobnatn, yet, in this case, Mrs. Lanceford hSfair grounds lor her opinion. A boy with Mine, manly bearing, with his head thrown tijek and his chest squared like a thoroughb: striding on martially to the Limes, the bli. of the Lancefords coursing in his veins, ani the fireof youth sparkling in a pair of darlJ eyes that might have power to give fair 1 maids the heartache when bis years were older—on he went carolling, making short work with the five miles of ground which rang 'neath the quick beat of his feet. What though it were summer-time. and lazy people were lounging in the shade, and fastidious people hiding under verandahs? William Ernest Lanceford had no objection to feeling rather warm in hie hurry to reach home. He could take his cap off when he was too hot, and carry it in his hand, or fling it with a laugh at the birds he never wt,' when the exuberance of liis spirits earned him away. On'neath that blue sky and that bright sun, making short cuts through corn-fields where the ears were filling, across smooth meadows where his 8 kine alm06t a I- seemed to know him, Ma dipping down into the shady lanes, and snatching at the wild flowers in the hedges, *ent the graceful figure of youth without a «®> at its heart. Over the last etilo with a t»nnd into the dusty road, and across to the elaborately- wrought gates which opened T n I" 16 south avenue of limes—there, neneath the shady leafage of the first great ™e, standing and holding converse with «mmy Dornton at the door of the lodge, j™ng Lanceford met with Mr. Gurnett. Mr. Gurnett was a man of middle height, ttehead of an old man, and the figure ™M»y. Not much of an old man, when 5° eca ® le Med to a face seared and lined r t-f y ma P» and began to notice the jLT* , bri e ht eyes which gave expression, a not an unpleasant expression either, to ^countenance. Not much of a bey's ws ei her when it was beside a boy's; but "^ruleless thin and wasted—possibly thin ^wasting and continually balking-bis ^ of a fit, for the black clothes hung f r , ame > and his trousers seemed ees all over them. 3So, Mr. Dornton, I can't see the force of your argument," he was saying rather rapidly. « Buys may be boys without breaking their word and treating those set in authority oyer them with a contempt putting as - 6 an easterly wind." . Jemmy took his long clay pipe from his mouth,.and replied— "Will- you allow me, who bean't no scholard, to put a pal-lal case to you ?" 1 o .'' m disturbing your siesta," said Mr. Gurnett, suppressing a Bmile that would have made him look ten years J younger. " I haven't got a sister, Mr. Gurnett, as yon air aware, and my good 'ooman's in the woods picking up a bit of timber for the winter months, so, if you'll allow me to put a pal-lal case to you, it won't take up my time, and may be of service to my nrtrvment." bJ ' • fx a11 maan «—by all means. What is it? said Mr. Gurnett, anxious to sift the wheat from Jemmy's circumlocutory chaff. J " Wo ha' all been boys, Mister Schoolmaster, and played truant in foine weather, when there bean't anything more tiresome than books, 'xcept it's wopses. When I wor of the age of Master Edmun', just eighteen and a arf, and as full of fire as a fireengm, I wor kept tight to my books, and tortured with triggernometteries, and astreologies, and. other classics, till I hated 'em like pison; and one day I runned away for half an hour or so, into the fresh air, innocent loike, and meaning no contempt luike a easterly wind, as you poetically observed just now. Well, sir, • I wor sitting under the tree reading Watts' hymns,— singing 'em I means—when—darn my blood," dashing his pipe suddenly to pieces on the ground, and bursting into a laugh that considerably startled Mr. Gurnett, " if here bean't tho young Master Willum; here Kitty, here Master Ed , here Kitty, I mean," he shouted in at the lodge, " here's Master Willum, sure as I be alive ! Dear, dear, dear, if this bean't worth seeing now." A pretty girl, with hair and eyes as dark as Willie'B, darted from the lodge and stood smiling in the drive, spreading out her little checked apron, and making divers curtseys. " Why, Kitty, do you want to shame me by growing up so fast?" Willie cried; "upon my word it's almost rude to kiss you now. But I always did, you know." "She's only fourteen and a arf, and innocent as heaven," cried Jemmy, with a father's pride; " kiss her, Muster Willum, kiss her, my lad, if you've a mind to; and Kitty, drop your best curtsey to Mister Lanceford's son for the compliment. She can make a curtsey, Mr. Gurnett, like a countess! " Willie kissed Kitty as directed, and Kitty laughing and blushing to be thus saluted, dropped her best curtsey—which, in hor contusion, was a very bad one—and flashed back to the lodge. " Quite a young woman, Jemmy." " She'll be going to service soon, Master Willum.'; , "Aud is ber father too proud there, with his pipe, to shake Master Willum'shand ?" asked Willie. " God bless him, how he goes on to he Bure ! " And blushing red as a carrot himself, Jemmy Dornton's hard fingers rung the delicate hand of his young master. " And is this gentleman the Mr. Gurnett who is preparing my brothers for college ? " said Willie, turning round and extending his hand to the tutor. " I am using my best efforts with your brothers, Master Lanceford," said Mr. Gur n B St' file moment "kitty reappeared. " If you please, Master William, there's a letter for you inside; will you step in a 1 minute?" ' "A letter for me—already!" cried Willie; " that's mamma." He ran into the lodge; and Mr. Gurnett, with a good-afternoon to Mr. Lanceford's coachman, went slowly down the avenue towards the mansion. Willie found no letter within the lodge; but saw through a door beyond, which opened into the scullery, his brother Edmund, coolly sitting on the deal table, and teasing Jemmy's dog with the end of his riding- whip. Edmund Lanceford had grown with the rest of the world; grown almost from hobbledehoyhood into manhood in the last eighteen months. He was not so tall as his early youth had promised; but his frame had knit, and lost its angles, and the sturdy but not ungraceful figure was no longer that of a lad's. The frank, fair face had lost its boyish expression: there was more depth in the eye—though it was a keen, roguish eye still—and there was a moustache budding on the upper lip. "What, Ned," cried Willie, after the first surprise and the first greeting were Wer, "giving the task-books the slip e wain ?" . ¥ Confound the task-books and the taskmister!—and paterfamilias, who set such A taskmaster over me, I WOB. going to say, but that's undutiful." "lehould think so," said Willie, drily. • " "Where has that .creeping old beggar gone ? " "Mr. Gurnett has gone towards the Limes, Ned." . ' ) " If he would only' fall into the lake and be decently drowned !" cried Ned, with a laugh that turned the expression to "a jest. "Is he eo very strict? He doesn't seem to mo a harsh man." "He's a nuisance," replied Ned, with emphasis; "he's a preacher and a'potterer. He'll stand and explain and expound till your Jiead aches fit to split; and the more you sauce him the more quietly be takes it. He is all very well for sleepy people— Nathan to wit; but upon my soul, with a smack on the deal table with bis whip, "he drives me mad!" " You're a big boy for school now, Ned." " 0 ! I'm preparing for college, they tell ine," said Ned, in reply; "and that silly old ghost would grind all my senses out of me, if I didn't pitch Homer into the fireplace sometimes and make a bolt for it. I could not stand it such a day as this; and I won't stand it much longer at any price." Jemmy at this moment made his appearance, with a mournful cast of countenance. "0, Master Edmun', what a heap of darmod lies you've ml.de me tell this afternoon !" "Never mind, Jemmy, you're a good fellow, and will go to heaven all (he same." "Ah! you can laugh at me, Master Edmun'," said Jemmy; "bat it irorn'i with that imperent look you came running here twenty minutes agone; it wor, 'Jemmy, shove me somewhere out of the black devil's way, for I njust be off this afternoon—hide me somewhere, there's a good Jemmy!' " "Man is ungrateful, and born to deceive, Jemmy." "Eight enough there, sir." "And J. didn't run away from Mr. Gurnett to spend a summer's afternoon in Jemmy's scullery," said Ned, leaping from the table and putting on his straw bat hastily. " Eight enough" again, sir." " Why, you red-faced old reprobate, what are you winking at?" cried Ned, lightly slashing • at Jemmy's bow-legs with his whip. "The sun comes ' in werry blinding through the' winder, that's all, Master Edmun'." "Get out with you! " " Are you off for a ride, Edmund ? " asked Willie. "Yes; a little way—Abbotsbury way, I think—I don't know—I'm not sure," and Edmund's face flushed a little. " Now, if I only had Frisk handy, I'd >t "0, you had better make for the Limes, Willie," said Edmund, quickly. "Mr. Gurnett is sure to take the news home, and spoil the surprise you intended for-us. Besides, I tide fast, and—and—all that, you know." Willie did not appear to know, and might have put further questions to his brother had not Edmund ended them by running to the door. "I shan't be late, Willie!" he cried; " we'll have a long talk to-night over old times. I say, Jemmy, is the mare there all right?" " It's not for me to say, who knows nothing of your goings on," replied Jemmy, innocently. "You're the best of fellows, Jemmy," said Edmund, springing into the sunshine ; "good-day, good-day." He darted through the lodge-gates which Kitty was holding open for him, waved his whip in the air, and ran as if for his life along the dusty white road. " What does it all mean, Jemmy ? " " Nothing but what you will know when you're older, Master Willum," said Jemmy. " It happens to us all, hansom or ugly, once or twice in life; and it be all the better, like the measles, when you take it younjr." " You don't mean to say. that Edmund's got a sweetheart on the sly ? " "No; I doan't mean to say so—I never said so!" said Jemmy alarmed; "darn it," in a hasty soliloquy, " who'd have thought that dratted hoy had been so sharp? No, Master Willum, ho be too young for that nonsense—it's only a cricket-match between Abbojsbury and—and Portland—and I just fancy—only fancy, mind, so you needn't mention it again—that he's got a little bet on it." "All right, Jemmy," said Willie. "I never tell tales out of school." Willie was not disposed to linger with the coachman ; he was anxious to overtake Mr. Gurnett before he reached the Limes, lest his arrival in Dorset should be formally proclaimed; BO, with a hasty adieu to father and daughter—the daughter still at the gates watching dreamily the light air stir the leaves of the limes—he dashed along the avpnue homewards. Willie Lanceford could see the figure of Mr. Gurnett in the distance, and that was thn mo..lr i-- liis course. Mr. Gurnett must be reached, or he should not be able to enjoy his father and brothers' surprise; but Mr. Gurnett had made way, and the youth had to run very fast beneath the shady avenue towards the light at the end—the sunlit window which terminated the shady green nave down which he hastened. Willie exchanged the gravel for the grass, at last, and ran along in the sunshine on the outer side of the great trees, swiftly and noiselessly. Still, swift as was the lad's progress, Mr. Gurnett would probably have reached the house first, had he not stopped suddenly and fallen into a reflective attitude. He was still standing with the ivory head of his cane to his lips, when Willie dashed in between the trees again and stood before him. • "O dear!" he panted, "I thought you had beaten me, Mr. Gurnett." Mr. Gurnett leaped in the air and dropped his stick. _" God bless me!" he cried, stooping and picking up his stick again, with a trembling hand. " I—I really was not prepared for you. You flashed upon me like the lightning. Beally I did not hear you behind me, now." " I hope I have not frightened you, sir." Mr. Gurnett smiled outright for the first time; yes, it did take ten years from his looks at once! "No, Master Lanceford, I thank you ; it was not fright. I am not very easily frightened," he said, " although a child can play upon my nerves, and disturb my equanimity. I suppose one may hare a stout heart, and yet have a band beyond our efforts to still." Qe held his large- veined hand out, which Btill shook nervously. " Perhaps you have been ill lately, sir ? " said Willie. "Not lately," replied Mr. Gurnett; "years ago it was, when disease and trouble, perhapB, struck at my health, and unstrung me—made my nerves master of me, instead of me of my nerveB. Nut the moBt serious affliction that could have befallen me, but still unpleasant now and then." "I shouldn't like to be nervoUB," commented Willie. 1 Ah ! I dare say not," said Mr. Gurnett; " eball we proceed ? My- heart is only gently cantering now;, it was at a mad gallop when you played bogaey first." They proceeded; Willie 'ratber interested in Mr. Gurnett, and puzzling bis bead to account for Edmund's dislike to him. " Your brother, Nathan," he said, after a pause, "will wonder what has become of me." " He is well, I hope, sir ? " " Yes; quite well. A clever boy—a wonderfully clever boy," said he. " It has been the ambition of my life to train such a youth as he is." " I suppose papa is well, too, sir?" "Your papa is quite well," was the Teply. Willie paused, and as a thought struck him, coloured.. It vrould not do to ignore Edmund's existence, he thought. Mr. Gurnett might suspect him and Jemmy. "And my brother Edmund, sir?" Mr. Gurnett's head slowly revolved, and the mild grey eyes' were fixed on Willie Lanceford. "I beg pardon," said Mr. Gurnett; " what did you say ? " Willie repented his question. " He is quite well, thank you," Baid Mr. Gurnett politely. '> Didn't it strike you he was looking well ? " " I—I—I haven't seen him yet, sir." Willie would have given his Shetland pony not to have said that an ine^nt afterwards ; the grey eyes seemed to pierce him through so mercilessly. "My lad, I have learned to read the heart in a bard school, and you are holding up before your own a flimsy aud tattered screen that deceives nobody. Are you fond of poetry ? " "Yes, sir," answered Willie, moodily. " Hundreds of years ago, Master Lanceford, one touched by the true fire, sang thus:— And I beseech theo to be warn'd by me, And do not lio! If any man should ask theo But how thou do'st, or what o'clock 'tis now, Be sure thou do not lie! Make no excuse For him that is most near thee 1 Never let The moat officious falsehood 'scape thy tongue 1 . For they above This is the moral, are you listening ? " " Yes." " For they abore (that are entirely truth) Will make that seed which thou hast sown of lies Yield miseries a thousandfold Upon thine head." Mr. Gurnett quoted well. The flush came to his brow, and the words of the poet rolled forth deep and resonant, and sunk to the heart of the listener. Willie made a stand however against the accuser. He looked up boldly, though his cheek waBhot. "The Lancefords are not liars, Mr. Gurnett. And I'm no liar—I never was ! " " Yours is a truthful face," Mr. Gurnett observed; " therefore I waB the more startled at your excuse ' for him that is most near thee.' Still I will take your word, Master Lanceford, if you wish it. Shall we say, granted?—that you have not soen your eldest brother? " "No; I have seen him—there ! " "Ah! the water of truth leapetb up to the brink. How it sparkles in the sunlight, as only truth can sparkle on the lips of the young. When you are my pupil." said he, laying his hand on Willie's shoulder, "youwill not give me much pain, I'fancy." "I hope Edmund does not pain you very much, sir?" said Willie; "he don't mean half he says." " Nor half he does," said Mr. Gurnett, drily. " He never did care for books, sir." " Possibly not," responded Mr. Gurnett, yet Books are a pact of man's prerogative. -v t .I. PJ j u i * i. lour brother Edmund would make a better ,,. , , T . , ,, soldier than a scholar. I fancy he would not run half as fast from the enemy's cannon as from Homer's Iliad." " He's a bold fellow, sir." " Yes; and like most bold fellows, with very little thought for other people's feelings. He don't mean any harm when he is flourishing the broadsword of his wit; but it may cut clean tnrougli juu, nevertheless." « But " " But, Master Lanceford," interrupted the tutor, " I bear him no malice ; and if he desert his colours and defy my authority, why let me hope he will be Borry for it in the future. What a lovely day it is, to be sure !" he exclaimed, as they passed from the limes into the broad sweep of the lawn and carriage-drive before the house, all aglow in the sunshine; " how Prudence would enjoy this! " "A daughter of yours, sir?" inquired Willie. " A dear daughter of mine," he replied. " Would she enjoy it best, sir, in the free air, or from the study window yonder ?" "In the free air, under the blue vault of heaven," he answered. " Sbe takes after my brother Edmund then, sir," said Willie, with a sly glance into the tutor's face. " Caught, by J upiter Ton an e! " exclaimed Mr. Gurnett. " Upon my word, Master Lanceford, you're not the dullest youth of my acquaintance." CHAPTER VI. The stars were shining above the Limes, and the stable clock was striking eleven, when Edmund Lanceford rode as if for his life up the dark avenue, across the lawn, under the archway to the left, where the stables were, and where Jemmy and Jemmy's boy, with a lantern between them, awaited his arrival. "Later than ever, Master Edmun'," said Jemmy, rather surlily, as the heir of the Lancefords flung himself from his horse. " Very sorry to keep you up, old boy," returned Edmund, "and spoil that beautiful temper of yours, but there was no helping it; besides, I have bowled over the ground at a rare rate." ' Yes," said Jemmy, holding the lantern towards the horse, " there be d&rmed; little doubt of that. You've no more spared the mare than you have me." ' " But Jemmy, old fellow, you don't call eleven late?" cried Edmund; "you who are a Londoner half the year, and keep fine London time." " So late, young gentleman, that if you can't contrive to get home a little earlier, I shan't help you in this Guy-Fawkes business any more." " Now Jemmy, out with it!" "Out with what, sir?" "Out with the secret that's crystallised that beautiful countenance," said Edmund, " there's something up at the house." "Be there?" "The governor's been walking into your affections, Jemmy." "You be right enough there. Come up with you," and Jemmy began punching the mare into the stable. "But look here, Jemmy, I cannot help the governor's bad tempers," said Edmund, following him, "and it's deuced unfair to return the compliment on me." Jemmy punched the mare into the stable, shouted at the stable-boy for not following her, and then came tramping over thfe stones again to Edmund Lanceford's side. Edmund knew how to manage Jemmy Dornton, at least. Master Edmun'," said Jemmy, "you're tight arter all. It Isn't quite the thing, and though you be the unhappy cause of the bobbery, why it ain't your fault nor mine, nor nobody's p'raps. It be all turned up at once, loike four honours at whisk." "Look alive," said Edmund, impatiently. " This be how it happened. That darned creepmouse fellow, the schoolmaster,—I never could aboide schoolmasters !—he axes me where you wor, then he axer your brother Willum, who, in the innersence of his 'art, ups and tells all; then he goes to the guv'ner and layB it all before him; then the guv'ner sends for me and pitches it all piping hot, because I hadn't told of you, and almost gives me warning because I couldn't tell him what I didn't know/' The object of my journey ?/' Exactly." Perhaps Mr. Lanceford will put the screw on me, and threaten me with warning," said the youth sternly. " Doan't be hasty, Master Edmun'." " What right has he, or Gurnett, or both of them, to act thus behind my back, and seek to spy upon my actions ? Confound it!" cried he, "musn't take a ride without leaving a map of my journey behind me?" " Steady, steady," said Jemmy, " nothing cooms of a 'splosion except smoke and smother, and little bits of things there be no putting together agin with good words. I remember a case pal-lal to yours, when " " Good night, Jemmy." And Edmund Lanceford strode out of the stable-yard, and boiling with indignation marched across the drive and the dew-laden grass to the house and the broad flight of steps up which he mounted four at a time. Edmund Lanceford might have gone, and had intended to go, through the servants' offices, and so up stairs quietly to bed, coming down in the morning smiling and lamblike ; but the information received had disturbed the usual serenity of his mind, and he would face his enemies boldly. He would not stand any of old Gurnett's nonsense; be would not be put upon by anybody ; he wasn't afraid to face black looks and hear haTsh words; he would announce his presence like a-man! Edmund Lanceford snatched at the knocker, and announced his presence like a lunatic, hammering away at the door till the house rang with echoes, and a whole pack of Mr. Lanceford's bounds woke up out of their first sleep and made the night hideous, and ono or two rooks whirled out of their nests, and went flapping about ominously. It was quite a solo performance on the knocker, and two footmen and the butler came dashing to the door pale as ashes. "Oh, Lud! is it you, sir?—what's the matter, sir ?—has anything happened ? " " No, fools," answered Edmund ; " where is Mr. Lanceford ? " " In tho green drawing- room, Bir." | " Stand out of the way, then, and let a . „ •) fellow paBB, sain Edmund, peevishly, Across . '1 the ,i!„ hall ,,„u to ti,„ the a' door _ „f of the green drawing-room—an apartment into which MnsteY Edmund Lanceford strode after the shortest of preliminary taps. Mr. Lanceford and Mr. Gurnett were playing chess, and both gentlemen looked up from the game as he entered " Ah! Edmund ! " said Mr. Lanceferd, in his blandest tone, "you have just arrived in time to roscuo me from the invading forces of our friend here. Come and help a parent in hia hour of need.' - Edmund was not prepared for so friendly a reception, and Mr. Lanceford's greeting, accompanied as it was by a frank, even fatherly smile, took him at once off his guard Jemmy had evidently exaggerated matters, or if a breeze had ruffled the surface, why it had spent itself out, and the waters were still again! The dark brow was clear in an instant, for Edmund Lanceford was not a youth to bear malice. He took a chair by his father's Bide, and examined the game critically. In his heart he was not at all sorry that affairs had taken so favourable a turn, and he was profuse in his remarks on the position of the pieces, and on Mr. Gurnett's chance of check-mating his sire. He was even inclined to smoke the pipe of peace with " creepmouse 1" " Is this the first game, Mr. Gurnett ? " "No, sir," was the laconic reply. " Your rook's en prise, sir ? " " Very likely." Edmund Lanceford's name was still out of the " good books " of Mr. Gurnett. " And what sort of an evening is it, Edmund ?" asked Mr. Lanceford, slowly manoeuvring bis pawns. " A lovely night, sir—a night that tempts one to wander and keep out later than usual." " Ah! you were always a romantic, stargazing youth. Check, Mr. Gurnett!" " Dear me, I wasn't prepared for that, now," and Mr. Gurnett gave a little jump in his chair. " Misfortune falls suddenly upon us sometimes, even in the flush of conquest, Mr. Gurnett. I regret to say it's a mate in seven moves." * " Bless my soul! how very well played," ejaculated Mr. Gurnett, with a look of dismay at the board, " I—I really thought I was getting the beBt of it." "Indeed!" " You are certainly a deep player, Mr. Lanceford." • « "It is as well to keep my plans in the dark till, the time be ripe to perfect them— is it not, Edmund?" "Certainly, sir." " You see the mate, Mr. Gurnett ? " asked Mr. Lanceford as he rose. "Yes, sir, yes—quite a problem," returned Mr. Gurnett; "you have really surprised me. Let none presume, How sbill'd soe'er, to cope with him at chess." " You translate from Oberon," said Mr. Lanceford quickly. " Are you an admirer of that work of Wieland's ? " "It is a work of genius." " It is a Btory of rash love—of the evils which lovers, thinking only of themselves, may bring upon their heads—a story of rasli confidence." Edmund appeared anxious to discover his father's mate in seven moves. " But lam wearying you, and the hour is late. You and I, Mr. Gurnett, have outlived romance, and Edmund is but a boy yet. Good-night to you." "Good-night, sir." " Good-night, Edmund; and the dreame of innocence be with you! " " Good-night, papa," was the eon's answer. When Mr. Lanceford had retired, Edmnnd looked up slily from' the chess-board; Mr. Gurnett was standing at some little distance from the table regarding him attentively. " I say, Mr. Gurnett," Baid he, with a short laugh, " there's a lecture in store for me, I suppose ! " "No, Bir." " Pronounced incurable and summarily dismissed, then ? " asked Edmund. "Incurable, and not yet nineteen years of age!" remarked his tutor. "I hope not, Edmund Lanceford." "Never too late to mend, sir," said Edmund; " andBO if you'll drop the lecture, we will turn over a bran new leaf to-morrow, and take the shine out of Foxy—Nathan, I mean." " I regret to say that I have not much faith in your/ promises, sir," replied he, gravely. / "O! very well," said Edmund easily; "then you must have the other thing—I can't help it. Perhaps it wasn't doing the polite to slip off this afternoon without BO much as a good-day; but you have paid me off in my own coin, and' there's an end of it." "I really do not understand you." " Why, you pumped young Willie, and you told all to the governor; and if I have escaped a rowing, why it's not your fault, Mr. Gurnett." "Pumping and rowing are not the most elegant words in the English vocabulary," said Mr. Gurnett; " but it would be affectation to deny their meaning. Perhaps you will allow me to deny the pumping process, although I have certainly thought it my duty to apprise Mr. Lanceford of your contempt for my authority," " And little good that has done." " Good or harm, it was my duty. If your father do not choose to assert his influence, he must not complain to me of the little progress you make in your studies. And," he added " I cannot disguise my regret that he has not been more severe with you." "I'm not a child, Mr. Gurnett," said Edmund, with a heightened colour. " Wherein lies your title to man's estate, Master Lanceford?" said the tutor; "in your wilful disobedience, in your disregard for others' feelings, or in the heedlessness that renders you indifferent to wrong and blind to right ? " "I may be all that, sir, and yet consider myself manlike." "I fear brutelike would be a better term." " Ah! you are one more of the many who cannot understand me," said Ned Lanceford. " When you first came to the Limes, I knew you and I would not agree together; you admire being obeyed, and I always hated obedience. You're—what shall I call you ?—slow ; and my blood will not let me sit still and hear you dribble out Greek roots." " May that quicksilver in your veins never lead you into mischief," said the tutor. "I wish you no more harm." "I dare say I shall be able to take care of myself, fight my own battles, and keep my place in the world." "Let us hope so," said the tutor. "Goodnight, young gentleman." " Good-night, sir." "Am I to be favoured with your company in the'class-room to-morrow?" " With all my heart, sir," was the reply. " I didn't spare you to-day, I'll be the best of pupils to-morrow—that is the amends honor abb* eh ? " " Not if you remain unrepentant for today's fault." "Well," said Ned, running one hand through his curly hair, " about being sorry for to-day's fault, that's the question. It was certainly wrong to take French leave through the bay window—it was disrespectful in the first place, and as I am very sorry —no," he cried suddenly, " hanged if I'll tell a lie about it—I'm not Eorry a bit! I can't feel sorry, for this is a day to be marked with a white stone ! I'm very eorry I can't feel sorry, and—and—good- night, Bir." " Stay one moment." Edmund was swinging himself round the door, when Mr. Gurnett called him. He CAme a step back into the room, and ntood fidgeting with the door handle, and anxious to be gone. " You feared a lecture this evening, and I gave you my word not to trouble you with one; but I—I should like to offer you a few words of advice." ' " I never took kindly to advice, sir," said Edmund with a saucy laugh. " It may not even apply. I will not ask you whether the arrow hits the white or not!" "Fire away, sir.—That is," he added more politely, " I beg you to proceed." " From some words inadvertently let drop by Mr. Dornton, the coaohman—words wbioh your father did not seem to heed, and which I could not think it my place to call attention to—it is just possible that your absence this afternoon and evening may be attributable to something more than a boy's freak. It may be just possible—for dness' sake, young man, do leave go that handle a moment! — just possible, I say, that you have become a victim to a silly secret attachment, which can only lead to trouble and remorse. Yon may be the victim of an infatuation, or some one lower than yon in the eocial scale may prove in the end that victim; and in either case no good can come of it. If I am wrong.- I 'ask your pardon; but if I am . right, I pray you for your own, and for another's sake, to consider well what may follow one false step." Mr. Gurnett spoke earnestly as though in his time he had known an erring mortal whose false step took him—perhaps her— over the fatal brink. Edmund coloured a little, but he did not flinch from the gaze of the pedant. ' "It is all a mistake; there' is nothing to fear, sir." " Then I am very glad to hear it. I—I - hope," with a nervous glance towards Edmund, "I haven't by my warning^ut the very thoughts into your bead I wished you to avoid. You're a youth rather hard to manage." Well, it is a, curious subjeot to teach your pupils, Mr. Gurnett Love, and early attachments, and victims. How does Nathan get on in that Jine ?" " Bo off with yon, sir." Edmund laughed as he closed the door, laughed to himself as be took his plated candlestick from a table in the hall, "when it had been placed for him, and went up stairs to his room, fiudde&ly.the; fimflu^u* appeared, and a thoughtful expression of countenance succeeded. In the passage leading to his bedroom, he came to a dead halt, and stared at his crooked shadow on the wall as though it was a ghost that haunted him. How long be might have continued in that brown study had he remained undisturbed, it is difficult to say; but a voice from a room on his loft hand made him jump a little, and brought him from the inner world to the world lying around him. "Is that you, Ned?" "TOR, it is my honourable .self," said Edmund, pushing open the door of Willie'i room ana lookiag in; " what keep; William Ernest Lanceford's eyes open to night?" " A guilty conscience, Ned," " Poor little Hichard the Third, in a short shirt and nt> hump," said ISdmund; "how many wild thoughts of the awful past have kept you-restless ? " " Come in, come in, I want to speak to you." Edmund entered rather reluctantly, placed his candle on the drawers, and closed the door after him. Willie Lanceford was squatting up in bed, his black eyes looking a trifle larger than, usual, his hands clasped round his knees, which were conveniently placed as a rest for his chin. "You didn't come back for that long talk about old times, you promised me," said' Willie; " and I sat up till ten, too." " There was Nathan to amuse you." " Yes, he's all very well when you can ' persuade him to put down those blessed play-books," said Willie, " though he's almost too quiet for me; you're the chap, after all." "Thank you, Willie." "But about this guilty conscience of mine, Ned," said Willie; "I haven't been able to sleep for it. Mr. Gurnett found out that you were at the lodge, and Mr. Gurnett complained to papa, and Jemmy was y sent for, and I fancy, do you know, Ned, he v made rather a mess of it. He tried hard to d screen you, and the more he tried the more d papa seemed to turn him inside out. And 0! I have been so artful too—I hope it isn't wicked." "Artful, eh?" " I have been shamming sleep in the armchair, and hearing papa and Mr. Gurnett talk about you. I thought if you were to fall into a scrape, I might help you a little, do you see ? " "Well?" " Well, papa and Mr. Gurnett are ininclined to think you're in love. What fun!" "Capital fun, Willie," said Edmund, drily. " Jemmy let it out to me at the lodge; and so of course he couldn't keep it from papa." "Jemmy knows nothing about it," cried Edmund, energetically. "I don't know that," said Willie; "Jemmy is very sharp sometimes. So, if you are in love, you will know what to do, old boy." " Ye-es," eaid Edmund, eyeing his precocious brother doubtfully. " Upon my word, it's the biggest fun in the world to fancy you in love, Ned. You're such a rough belter-skelter fellow. If it had . been myBelf now !" " Ah, if it had been you! " " If it hadn't been for cutting out Harry Perks at our school, there's a girl at the greengrocer's like wax-work." " What's her name ? " "No, you don't Ned," said Willie, quickly; " we will keep to the subject, if you please. Now are you in love, Ned ?— you don't mind telling me." "0, no!—you're a capital confidant." " Once on my guard, Ned, and I'm your man—to carry your letters and bring back the answers. If there is anything I like it's a love affair. Have you ever read the Maid of the Mountain, or the Bridal Yow ? " « No." " Harry Perks is taking it in, in penny numbers. There's what Jemmy calls a pallal case to yours in it." "T never said that I was in love, Willie." "Just sit down, Edmund," said Willie gravely. " You mustn't think I'm making fiin of you; I'm not the chap to laugh at another chap's feelings, at any time. I can understand your sentiments, and I only hope she" is a pretty girl, Ned ? " "Pretty, why—0 ! don't be an asB, Wil- flie—it's all moonshine." "Look here, Ned, Pm fourteen in November ; you forget what a man lam," said •Willie, " and I have been thinking that the • only fellow to help you is Willie Lanceford. ' My guilty conscience must be satisfied too. I got you into a scrape, let me help you out of it. Jemmy will lose his place if he interferes again, and no one will suspect me. Pm'the only one who won't laugh at you, Ned; and'if you are really fond of the girl, and she's really fond of yon, why it's precious hard, to want a friend." " Don't I tell you it's all moonshine ? " ".Papa's right then—it's an unfortunate attachment which even you are ashamed of. If a girl loved me do you think I should be ashamed to own it, Ned ?" . "Pm not ashamed," cried Ned, taken off his guard; " &he;'s all that is beautiful and good; and let any ono say a word against •her, that's all! She's the beBt of girls, Willie, and it's only my pride in-her that keeps me silent—she's—she's—oh, what a blabbing fool I am!" "Don't I tell you I'm not going to laugh ?" •urged Willie, " and that I can imagine all your sensations. Harry Perks 6ays it's like red-hot needles." Edmund dropped into a chair by the bedside of his brother. ." Men like me," he began rather egotistically,, "like to keep these little affairs to ourselveB; they won't hear contact with the worldly grindstone. Half the happiness in to keep them deep in VQur heart, and feel you are living a second life which nobody heeds. When you fall in love, Willie, you'll understand me better." " Won't you tell me, then ? " ' " My dear fellow," laying his hand on his half- brother's shoulder, affectionately, " I do not fear your betraying me now, but it is as well to know oply a little about my affairs, till the time is ripe for my friends (o know all. I will not seek to hide anything from you; but I wijl not take you into my service, and .set • you perhaps against your own father. , 'Btand on 'the neutral ground, Willie, and aid me with prayers. I may. want them!" " 0, do tell us all about it! " argued Willie, writhing with curiosity. " My dear Willie, what more can I tell you ? I own I'm in love, and that that love makes me better, and more able to do good and work wonders. People have prophesied all that is bad of Nod Lanceford—ah! they shall see now." "What's her name?—where does'she live ?—how old is she, Ned ?—is she fair or dark ?—and does her hair curl ? " " Witness deponeth not." ."But shall I ever see her ? " " I hope so," "I have such an idea, Ned," eaid Willie; " I'll try and persuade you to walk to church with me next Sunday—you never were fond of church, you know—and you'll consent at last and we'll go to her church, and you shall point her out to me." " Why, Willie, you are as cunning as a fox! Well, you shall see her, my boy, and give me your opinion of her, and tell me," blushing like a girl, " if you'd like her for a. si6ter." "I'm sure I shall!" She'll wait till I come into my property, Pm sure," said Ned, his reserve giving wny. ",I haven't told her anything about my property yet; it's all like a romance, and she loves me alone for myself. She don't even know my name; thinks I'm Mr. Ford, and a clerk somewhere. She says " he sprang to his feet, and seized the candlestick —" good night, Willie, I'm making a fool of myself—I'm a boy, not a man, after all I" He was right enough, though ho hardly believed it himself, as he went away with a full heart to his room. It was the outburst of a boy proud of his conquest, proud of that love which had taken root early within him, and had given birth to feelings which he confessed were purer and better than he had ever known. Eighteen years and a half make up an age early for to enter the world of wild hopes and drearaings; but woo to the hand that the curtain aside and rouses the reamer with a rude blow from his vision ! Grant first love a folly to ninety-nine out of the hundred ; it is a folly that will keep the heart from evil, and the feet from 6traying, and the dreamer will wake in good time. Rouse him suddenly, and snatch from his arms all that has brightened his inner life, and see how far the wisdom of the worldling will save him from the grasp of the tempter! Were there any hands at work in the darkness into which the eyo3 of Edmund Lanceford could not pierce? Were there shadows advancing on the bright path along which he trod, drawing the picture—over delusive—of the years lying beyond? f To he continued J 