' ; MISCELLANEOUS. ' ' ; , At Livorpoql, boforo -Mr. Baron Martin, Thomas Gregory, alias Edward Abol, pleaded ' Guilty', tp- .haying, on the 12th ,of August, unlawfully 'boon at largo boforo tho oxpira- ' tion of- a sentence of fourteen yon re' trnhsp'or- . - : tatiou, pnssod.ou lu'ui for folony iff 1854. Mii. /' V;' Baron said that tho term of puiiishniont would expire on the 17th, of April next. Ad dressing the prisdnor, ho'said— ' Tho cbuusol ' for tho Crown very properly said that your statement was a true statement, that when you ' were iff Australia your punishmont' had been pa'rtially remitted upon condition that you woro not'io como to the United Kingdom. Yqa wevo to bo a (Vco man .elsewhere.' You went' oh hoard aiV American whaling ship, and in it you went to so'ino port in America, and ' tlionce you woro taken or wont to New York. Thero you wore 1 Shangliabd'— ? tliat is, mado drunk— -and taken on board a ship 'which you - aftonvards foiind sailing to England.. Tlnit would not, I tliiuk, bo com ing horo. under tho tortus of tho Act. Since you camo hero you scent to havo been an in dustrious man, and to havo endeavoured^ to earn your broad honestly. You are it bravo man, having oh- four ^occasions sqveid human ' lifo . front drowning, for which, you havo got medals and' rewards., Thproforo, if you: -:on; tiii it'ei that courso of coiulLict after tlio 18th ot April, next, you may livo. lioiie safely fo/ the romaiiidor of yonr lifo. That is tlio lightest punishment I can inflict on you,' . Mr. Henry Dirclcs, who has shown, in con-' juuetion with Professor Peppor, that ho can manufacture quite as. good and lively ghosts as ovor haunted an old cloister or castlo, has been engaged iu tracing the origin of a most . alarming sorios of phenomona in tho houso of a gentleman residing .at Notting-hill. Bolls rang violontly without .any known causo, squiotiirios early in tho morning, somotimos in tho middle, often lato at night. For fivo weeks thoso boll-ringings disturbed, tho family. In vain tho wires were cut ; still tho bolls rang. Rats woro suspected, but no - rats could bo traced. A spiritualist heard of tlio mysterious ringing, nnd ho immediately advised the owner of tho house not to bo misled by tlio scepticism of philosophers, but at oucb to ask the spirits what thoy wanted. Ho was reminded of similar demonstrations at Livorpool, whoro not only did tho bells ring, but furniture was dislodged, wino nnd spirits pouvod oat, nnd a cucumber cut longi tudinally in halves. Tho Notting-hill ghosts were not qui'c so iiiisebiovous, bub tlioy wuro ablo to puzzlo Mr. Dircks. At 'lorigtk the ownor of tho houso discovered the secret wliioli lmd baffled tho most acuto scientific investigation. Tho maid-servant, who hud beon awfully alarmod at tho ringings, was caught in tho act of producing them, and dis missed .immediately.- 'For fivo weolcs tlio stupid .girl,' says Mr. Diicks, 'disturbed tlio domestic pcttco and happiness of a most re spbctablo family, and played tho fool with tho - oy.os and intelligence of numerous witnesses to hor successful simulation of spiritual influ ences.' It is not difficult to boliovo that many otlior cases of a similar character might bo sucoptible to a liko explanation. The Lato Abyssinian Murders. — It is re ported that the expeiisos incurred in recover ing tho remains of tbo lato Mr Thomas Powell, who with his wife aud othors mot their -death in so sad a mannor while on a hunting expedition in Abyssinia last spring, amount to rtioro 'than £15,000. Chiefs had to be largcly'propitiatcd by costly presents, and Egyptian solcliors had lo bo omployod in carrying out this mournful office of family affection. One chiof, or Sheik, on boing asked what, form his present should assume, replied that ho wisbod a full uniform'* of a British General, His fancy has boon complied with, and the /cocked hat, plumes, sword, &c.;, arc now on their way to Abyssinia. Mr. Henry Powell, who, with Mr. Jenkins, went out to reeovov tho remains, has sittco his return suffered sovoroly from ill- health. Can This ho True ? — The ' Times' of Natal rolatos tho following occurrence which hnp poned at Piofermaritzbnrg on the, Milt of Octet- * ber: — Tho 20th Rogimont is at present quar tered at Fort Napier. The soldiers wove ' called out for drill in tho afternoon of that day, and wore compollod to ..remain out during tho vory heavy thunderstorm which then :broko over tho city. About fourteon men were struck by lightning, belonging to Captain M'Harnoo's companv. Tho right hand matt was instantaneously killed by the shock, his rifle being split from top to bottom Two other rifles Were similarly damaged. Four of tho tnbn are still itt hospital, but aro likely to reoovor. Fortunately for tbo nu n. their arms wore at the .''.order,' with bayo nots unfixed ; had 'it beon othotwiso a great loss of lifo would have occnrrod. Tlio colo nial press severely 'eriticiso.; the conduct of the commanding officer, who is stnted to havo * boon warned: about the storm, and yet oxposcd tlio men to unnecessary danger. ' It seems that Fort Napier is built on a bill abounding with ironstone, and the square, . or parade ground; is Very open and exposed. - A Landsman and NAiiticai. Evidence.—' Upon tho termination of tho jnry trial which re contly took place at Invernry, in which a rivor passongor stonm-boat master was found guilty and sent to prison for fourteen days, for recklessly stoaring his vossol in tho Firtli of Clyde, whereby she camo into collision with another passengor steamer, several of tlio jurors and a. number of tho 'skilled' wit nesses from Greenock airl olsewhere mot at an hotel, wlioro tlioy all partook of refreshments around the samo tablo. Tho conversation naturally lurncd upon i.ho trial in which tlioy had all takon part, when ono of tho ' skillod' witno;-sos, addressing ono of tho jurors (a jolly fanner, who wns sitting noxt him), asked if, wliilo in tlio. jury box that day, he fully understood tho technical phrasos which tho witnesses mado uso of while speaking of tbo port bow, starboard bow, dond lights,' paddle wings, binnacles, points of tlio compass, &o.; ' Doed and tao toll yc tho truth,' was' tho reply, 'I canim suy I just followed a wheouo' yon fallows; I would lino kent ninii* nbout tlio poinls o' n guid coo.'' 11 Thon by what pro cess did you arrive at tho conclusion thnt the man was guilty of nil offbtico the details of which you did not fully comprehend ?' 'O'd man,' replied tlio juror, turning towards his quostiouor and staring innocently into his lace, ' tho cbiel maun hao lmd somotliiug tao duo wi't, or ho wadna. hne been hvoolit hero,' — 'Glasgow Herald;! ' ' b 