DEPUTATIONS TO MINISTERS. The Minister of Lands received a deputa tion yesterday from the Echuca . Meat preserving Company, introduced by Messrs, Macgregor and Kerferd,M.L.A.'s, the object of the deputation being to request that the up3et price of their site might be reduced from £25 an acre, which thev represented to be an unreasonable rate. Mr. Macpherson, after hearing their statements, agreed, to withdraw: the land from sale, with a view to the reduction of the price. '.'.-. Another deputationreceivedbytheMinister of Lands was from Wallan Wallan, intror duced by Mr. Lobb, M.L.A. They, asked that a portion of the Green .Hill, in their district, might be reserved from selection for purposes of recreation. Mr. Macpherson granted the request. ? Owing to the Government being fully oc cupied yesterday . in preparing their '. de spatches for tho mail, there was no meeting of either the Cabinet or Executive, the busi ness being deferred till Monday next. On that day* it is expected that a decision will be arrived at in the case of We Cow, the Chinaman convicted at the last Castlemaine circuit of house-breaking and cutting and wounding, and against whom, sentence of death was recorded. ' . ? . ?'?'..,'? The fine clipper ship Superb, from London, has made her appearanca again in our waters, having been telegraphed off Cape Otway yesterday at 3.40 p.m., so that, wind and weather permitting, she may be expected at her anchorage in the Bay before this evening. In accordance with the promise given to the Legislative Assembly the other evening by the Government, that there should be an official inspection of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company's bridge over the Yarra at Minders-street, instructions are about to be issued to the Eugineer-in-Chief of the Victorian Railways, Mr. T. Higinbotham, to survey and report on this structure. It is understood that the survey will not be confined to this bridge only, but that several other matters relative to this company's line will come under the review of the Engineer-in-Chief, and that the report, as soon as submitted, will be laid before the Parliament. A meeting of the committee of the Mel bourne Anglers Protective Society, was held yesterday at the office of the Acclimatisation Society; Mr. A. Brady in the chair. It was resolved that the English perch, pro mised by the Acclimatisation Society, for the Yarra, be again applied for. ? A reward of £5 was voted to senior- constable Kelly for his exertions in the case of illegal netting against Parsons, Smith and Crozer. Mr. T. C. N. Cooper and Mr. Dixson were elected new members, and the meeting closed. An important sale of Crown lands took place yesterday, at the auction rooms of Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett and Co. The' attendance of buyers was large, and a good competition was maintained for the majority of the lots. For the land at Emerald-hill the biddings were particularly keen, and the whole of the Iot3 offered wore disposed of at a' large advance on the upset price. This land is situate in the swamp lying between Sandridgo and Emerald-hill, in Chcasell, Morajy Grant, Clarke and Hancock streets. The Sandridge lot was bought in by the trustees of tho Temperance hall. Of the Frankston lots only one was sold, the others being withdrawn for want of an offer. The lots at Wallan Wal lan were knocked down at an advance on the upset,' and the Beveridce lots sold at the upset price. Suburban lots at Bulla Bull a, Holden, and Footscray realised good advances on tho upset, particulary those at Footscray, the biddings for which wore very keenly contested. The amount of the sale was £3221 2s.' A case in which the oopyright question was involved, came before the magistrates at the District Court yesterday. The Rev. Dr. M 'Donald, of Emerald-hill, summoned Mr. Norman, picture-frame inak;r and print seller, of Elizabeth-street, for a breach of the 40th section of the Copyright Act. The summons set forth that the defendant 'not being the proprietor of i?he painting of the missionary ship Dayspring, or of the copy right therein, unlawtully did permit Mr. Paterson, of Melbourne, photographer, to multiply for sale, by means of photography, tho said painting without the consent of the Rev. Donald M 'Donald, the proprietor thereof.' It appeared from the evidence that Dr. M 'Donald had left the paint ing of the Dayspring with Mr. Norman to be framed, who sent it to Mr. Pater son, the photographer, of Bourko street east, to have a lot of photographs of it taken. On the bth of April the commis sion was given to Mr. Paterson, and the next day he executed the photographs'. On the 21st of the same month tho picture was registered by Dr. M'Donald, and tho next day tho photographs wore exhibited for sale in Mr. Norman's window. Two copies wore purchased for tho purposos of tho presont proceedings. The defendant now admitted the offence, and stated that tho nogatives and everything connected with ? the photographs of the ship had been des troyed. Mr. M'Kean, who appeared for the plaintiff, said that tho prosecution would be withdrawn if the defendant would consent to pay £3 3s. costs. Mr. Marshall, for the defence, declined to do this, and left the matter in the hands of the bench, who fined the defendant £3, with £3 3s, costs. The first annual meeting and distribution of prizes in connection with the Trades Hall Artisans School of Design, was held last evening, his Honor Judge Bindon in the chair. The hall was crowded to excess with the pupils and their friends, while on the platform were the hon. Geo. Rolfe and W. M. K. Vale; and Messiu Burtt and Blair, M. L. A. 's, members, of the Technological Commission, and the whole staff of teachers of the school. The proceedings were opened by his Honor Judge Bindon, who, in a pithy speech, encouraged the pupils to persevere. In sketching the rise and progress of the school, his Honor took particular care to re pudiate, on behalf of the commission, any in tention to claim the credit of founding the schools. At the conclusion of the speech, which was received with great de monstrations of applause, Mr. Murray, one [of the hon. secretaries, read the annual report, in which it was stated that from a school of 16, founded in May, 1869, it had increased to a school of 250 pupils. The thanks of the committee were tendered to the Technological Commission fora donation of £20 to the funds of the Trades Hall committee, for the gratuitous use of the hall, and to Messrs. S. H. Roberts, E. M. Shew, T. Clark, L. Buvelot, J. W. Burtt, W. Pitt and J. Ingamells, the honorary teachers, for their gratui tous services. The ceremony of pre senting the prizes, about 60 in number, was then proceeded with, and at the close of this part of the business of the evening, the chairman, on. behalf of the Painters and Decorators Society, presented Mr. S. H. Roberts, the founder of the schools, with a ' handsome volume, in recognition of his ser vices in establishing the first school of design in Victoria. Mr. Roberts suitably acknow ledged the gift, and the hon. Mr. Rolfe then moved the adoption of the report. In the course of his remarks he referred to the adverse criticisms of the pro ceedings of the commission, which appeared in a contemporary a few days since. In connection with this, he said he was assured that it would benefit the commission, as anything that the paper referred to ever abused was sure to prosper. On the motion of Mr. Vale, seconded by Mr. D. Blair,, a vote of thanks was carried to the committee and teachers for their service?. The com pliment was suitably acknowledged by Mr. Shew on behalf of the teachers, and Mri Charge on behalf of the committee ; and a vote of thanks having been accorded to the chairman, the meeting separated. During the evening some very creditable specimens of the pupils drawings were exhibited, and were much admired. The following sums have been received at The Age office on behalf of the fund being raised for the benefit of the widow and children of John Wai she, who was shot on Tuesday las t :— Hon. J. G. Francis, £10 10s ; Messrs. E. and D. Syme, £5 5s. ; first instal ment from employes in The Age office, £16; O. Wilkie, £1 Is. ; collected by Mr. Gray of Sandhurst, £1 12s. ; and collected by Mr. Stoddart, £6 16s. The Government surveying steamer Pharos returned from a cruise yesterday. The weather during the whole voyage was most unfavorable to marine surveying. Strong easterly winds, and gales from same quarter, accompanied with rain, were very prevalent ; nevertheless good progress was made with the coast survey. The Ninety Mile beach has been surveyed to a distance of thirty- four miles beyond Port Albert, so that the next work in that direction will be proceeded with from the Gripps Land Lakes. The soundings off the Ninety Mile beach are most peculiar. At a distance, of one mile from the shore eight fathoms of water is obtained, and at six miles there is only 13 fathoms, sand and shells, showing almpst one immense flat. The winter season being now set in, tho Pharos will be turned over to the department of Trade and Customs, and Lieut. Stanley will be employed for the next four months in making tracings and fair copies for transmission to England, as , well as for the use of the Victorian Govern ment. Lieut. Stanley is in hopes that, as all coast in the . vicinity of ports, is now sur veyed, and nothing remains but the mo3t exposed parts of the colony, the Vic toria will be used for completing tho sur vey, the Pharos being scarcely safe for such dangerous service. Allen's scab ointment and foot-rot wash is \ godsend to the gentlemen who delight to iecorate themselves in horsehair and bomba sine. It is like a ghost which will not be laid, and appears to have peculiar charms for sountry storekeepers. Yesterday a Mr. Hil lerman was sued in the Supreme Court by a Mr. Mowling and another for the value of a bill for £42 15s. 4d., which ho had given under the usual circumstances attending this class .of actions, and ho has to pay the piper, u, verdict being given against him for the amount. In tho Equity Court, pleadings were com menced yesterday, in re Reeves v. Croyle and others, a bill by tho Ballarat official liquidator, brought to compel the defendants, who wore the directors of the Webster street Freehold Gold Mining Company, to account for the property of the company. It is likely the hearing will last three or four days. Messrs. J. M'Gill and J. Hunt, from Bal larat, waited upon the hon. tho Minister of Mines yesterday, in company with Messrs. Frazer and Davics, M.L.A.'s, for the pur pose of asking him to forfeit lease No. 461 issued to tho Ballarat and Clunes Alluvial Q. M. Company, upwards of three years since, for the reason that no work was ever done on it, or in connection with it. A letter was read from the Mining department, stat ing that tho complaint was well founded as to tho ground not being worked; also, ono from Mr. Gomm, the late legal manager of tho company, stating that the company had coasod to exist, and that ho was no longer an officer of the same. After hearing the statements of Mr. Frazer, which wero urged at somo length, and those of Messrs. M'Gill and Hunt, Mr. Mackay stated that ho would withhold his consent to (the appli- | cation for the amalgamation of the lease as | made by the Union Bank of Australia, | partly owing to it having been intimated | that legal proceedings had been taken to | determine the respective rights of the | parties, and that, under any circumstances, | he must insist upoh the covenants of . the I lease being fulfilled. Further, he promised | that he would let Messrs. M'Gill and party | know, through Mr. Frazer, M.L. A., in a few i days whether the lease would be cancelled, 1 meanwhile nothing should be done to pre- § judice the rights -of M'Gill and party. It I was stated that the Union Bank had | offered to sell through an agent, to Mr. P. I Lalor,1 M.L. A., the whole of its interest for | £5000. But while negotiations were pend- i ing, Messrs. M'Gill, Hunt arid party took | possession, which caused the bank to im- I mediately reduce their price to £2000. 1 There were no cases of any public interest | heard in the County Court yesterday, and 1 the court house, never at anytime a lively- I looking building, looked duller than ever, | through the absence of the usual gang of 1 loungers who generally crowd the court when \ anyenmg interesting is going on. | Sittings in Nisi Prius commenced yeste r- 1 day, Mr. Justice Barry taking the special I juries of four cases, and Mr. Justice Williams 1 the juries of twelve. Only one case was | heard before his Honor Mr. Justice Barry, i It was an ejectment action of the usual | class, Blunk v. .Fallier. Four other actions | were called on, , but there being no appear- I ance to any of them, they were all struck f out. . | _ Another disreputable case of wife deser- 1 tion came before the notice of the city magis- 1 trates, yesterday morning. A fellow, named 1 Thomas H. Jones, was brought .up on this 1 accusation. He had been married for about 1 twenty years, and had two or three I children, but some three years ago he 1 became tired of his caret sposa, and I gave his attentions to a blooming dnmsel | of some twenty summers. However, he I sent some money to his wife, but not enouah I to maintain her, and she lost sight of him for 1 some months. Lately he figured somewhai 1 conspicuously at Geelong, and was sent I to gaol for seven days for receiv- 1 ing a pianoforte under false pretences. 1 During the progress of the case yesterday, 1 the husband and wife tried to arrange the I matter, much against the wish of the 1 ' gushing' detective Bailey, who had charge 1 of the case, but the magistrates — doubtless | having respect for Bailey's feelings — ordered | the accused to find one 'surety of £25 to pay I 15s. per week for twelve months for the sup | port of Mb wife. 1 An action brought to recover £100( 1 damages for defamation of character was triec I yesterday in the new court, before Mr,! Justice Williams and a special jury of twelve, I fcvj-»v*. iwuutuuvA *M *M I VJL u lu U i.\Jl. bliv lici IjIIUuU *J, a A very ingenious defence was raised. Tei | years ago the plaintiff, Morris, introducec 1 a German named Muller to the defendant | Callaghan, and business took place betweei | them. Eventually Muller went through th( 1 process of whitewashing, and during th( | operation the defendant's debt was brushec I out, the plaintiff, it was said, securing whai | property there was under a bill of sale. Oi | the 24th March last the parties met in ; | street cab, and the defendant gave vent ?; - I his feelings. Morris being a man of sens: | tiye nature, wouldn't stand it, and went in t- 1 win a thousand, but the .defendant turaec 1 the tables on him by swearing that the de | famatory language used referred only tci Muller-, and the £1000 melted into thin air. | The Victorian Permanent Property Investmen I and Building Society held their customary fort I nightly meeting last evening, at their offices, No. 4 | Collins-street east ; J. B. Crews, Esq., M.L.A. 1 president, in the chair. It was announced tha | 1168 investing shares were taken up during th I past month, making a total' of 47,640 share I issued since the commencement of the society ii | August, 1865. 411 shares were borrowed, an I £10,275 advanced thereon in the month, durin I which the receipts amounted to £19,754 3s. 6d. j The treasurers of the Alfred Hospital acknow | ledgo the following subscriptions towards th I building fund :— J. K. Collins, £1 Is.; Wml Coulter, £1 Is.; J. T. Richardson, £1 Is.; M| Benjamin, £2 2s. ; .- D. . Benjamin, £1 Is. ; - 1 Kenny, £1 Is. ; H. Cuningham and Co., £5 I C. Berghoff, £1 ; J. Touzell, £1 ; M'Farland an I Sons,£l Is.; F. C. Klemm, £1 ; H. Wolfe, £1 1 H. J. Mays, £1 Is.; George Young, £3; C. 1 1 Parsons, £1 Is. ; J. Aarons, £2 2s. ; R. A. Lev § son, £1 Is.; D. P. Starling, £1 Is.; W. Webll £lls.;H. Laws, £1 Is. I The Treasurer of the Melbourne Hospit; 1 acknowledges receipt of the following amounts | — G. Barthold and employes, £7 0s. (id. ; T. 1 1 Bennet and employes, £23 17s. Od. ; H. Box, £ | 53\. ; borough of Fitzroy, £20 ; box at shippic | offico, £4 2s. 6d. ; James Fenton, £5 ; Lorime 1 Manvood and Home, £5 5s. ; P. S. Sinclair, f- 1 the men employed on Point Nepean and GHpj Land road, £10 ; Messrs. Briscoe and Co., £ 5s. ; Wilson and Mackinnon, £10 10s. ; M'Naugl ton, Love and Co., £5 5s. ; Banks Bros., Bell an Co., £5 5s. ; David Moore, £5 5s. ; Smith, f( Locomotive department of the Victorian Eailwa' £5 2s. 6d. ; E. Cohen and Co.. £5 os. ; Heni Baldwin, by tho treasurer of the Druid's gal: £20; Bright Bros, and Co., £12 12s. ; '??? M'Lockie, £5 5s. Donation for Archiba' Harvey, late a patient in the hospital— En ?pioves of Jas. M'Ewan, of a further collectio; £i 5s. 6d. ? 