PEIESTHOOIX (concluded tkom oult last.) Much of wliat T. liavo r|£|ln-e(l to has lithorit boon Iccpt in the nionkislDiJatin in w|iict it.wis\ orisiiially written ; but tl® #iue -Juayt toiA: when it will bceoini;,c)jir, bfinVlMfX tlioiJCtt paiiU /ilul duty, to vpusehc iindj<j|)aWo\i m ,lCili3li4 'J men 'at th(ie%)cnso\fc|hoiri n\ortoity, latingrandvi'cirpil'latiti® sineboy thii cbntonfs of that 'chamolTh wise, j y. ' y> ' ' 5., I'H|mvc\bHtM)be'.claiise more. AVfe M.l'ect' thuaiBi to p|-ibsfhood,,tifthly, ,lpy an appkito theKvH.jiirc oftho: Oinirclrof ll.nland c()uce;iii-,, , iiigi-'Mc confession and :n1phitiwi\\.Thc"-(w6'riS;i'i 1 .Vi'ii'., as used hi iur praj(cV-\b'()pt,' is dtj abbre- A'iation of inu3byter,\\\ydhch'maiS'.aiLohlGi;.A ju'oof of this, I refer, 6ith6\ hwni version -obpur'i , 'riiirty-ninc Article.s, Avherc tlie Avord presbyter is used, and not sacardos, Ai'hicli would, have been the word had the person spoken of been designated a sacrificing priest. 1 refer also to the Thivty-seeond CifinJli,,' >yhi(jK": in . entitled,' ' None to bo made deicon.laifd n'h/ji/.sdV b'ith. in jOiie.day. " In this Canon the word niinister a nd -';pric.st arc xised interchangeably. Tlie_ action, of- .the niinister or priest is dis- tinctly referred to four times in our Eook of Common Prayer. ; -b (1). The. first, in our diiily service, defines Avith precision the -'-f power aud-comin.andmcnt " Avhich Cod has given to His ministry. It is to dcdarv. tmd promxinci'. to His jieoplb, being peni- " tent, the absolution and remission of their sins. The iprprogitivo of cdnfcriinn AX'hat the minister thus declares belongs to God alone. " HIS par- doncth and absolvetli all them that trul.y repent and unfeignedl3' believe His holj' Gospel." Here everytliiug is in its scriptural place. The donor of the blessing is God. . The receiver of the blessing is the penitent believer. The messenger authorized to declare and pronounce the consola- toiy truth is themiuistcr. Tlio dcelaration itself is a transci-ipt of the language . Avhicli ' apostles spoke us they were moved bj"- the Hol.y Ghost ; and, therefore, in makin.g this declaration every minister is actually binding on earth Avhat is Jjouud iu heaven. (2). The form of alisolutitm in our Communion Service implies, without directlj'' asserting, the ministerial olfico. It declares that Almighty <God has. promised forgiveness of sins to all tlicm that Avith hearty repentenco and true faith turn to Him, and then uses this animating and cii- coiu-aging truth as the basis of a prayer that Ho may bo.pleased to do as "lie lias said. (3). Tlie invitation to tbe Coraimuiion. In- troductoiy to this, lot mo remind j'ou that St. Paul, Avritlng on the suhject of the Lord's Sup per, sa.ys, " Lob a man oxamiuo himself, and so let him oat of that bread, and drink , of that cup." More generally, ho says, ".Examine your oAvn seHes, prove your oAvn selves Avhether ye be in the faith." And Sti John sa.ys, "If onr heart condemn ns, God is greater tlian our lieart, and knoAVotli all things ; if our heart con demn us not, then have Ave confidonce toAvards God." From these and such portions of the 'Word of God it appears that every sincerely in- quiruig Christioii inay ascertain Avhetlier he is in the faith or not. Our Church, in her Cato- ohism, asks, " What is required of them aa'Iio come to the Lord's Supper .and iinsAvei's, " To pxaniiuo themselA'cs," iko. And in this inA'ita- tion, after plain and practical instriiotion, for self-examination, she adds, " And beeause it, is requisite that no man sliould come to the Holy Oominunion, but Avitb a full trust in God's suercy, and Avitli a quiet conscience, therefore if there bo au' of you Avho by tliis means cannot fpiiot bis own conscience liorein, but rcquireth further comfort or counsel, lot bim come to me, pr to some otbor discreet and' learned minister of God's Word, and open bis grief ; that, by the miuistiy of God's Holy Word, bo maj' receive the benefit of absolution, together Avith ghostly counsel and advice, to the quieting of bis con science, and avoiding of all scruple and douDt- iiilnoss." Wo sujjposo tbe inquirer honest and sincere, and then Ave a.slc. Concerning Avbat, is it xxossi- blc for such a man, to baA'c an.y real scruple or dqubtfulncss, and tboreforo to require any counsel or advice ? Not, surely, concerning any actual sin, snob as be can confess as a sin. Not, siirely, concerning aiiytliiiig aa'hicli lie can to himself or to another truly call a sin. With Teference to all such he knows his duty Avitliout anj' doubtfulness, AvhatcA'cr reliictanco he may feel to forsake bis s'm. This is braadlj' stated iu the preceding part of the invitation. With refdrencc to knoAVii sin, suoh as he can confess, and, can require no counsel to remove emhari'iis- siug scruples. And therefore the interview aa'ith his minister to Avhieli ho is here invited .has no reference to known sins. ' Concerning Avhat tlicu is it th.at he can really require coiirsol anrl aiivieo, and' tno experieneeu miiiistiy of God's Ilc-ly Word Wo can readily understand that a man of a tender and scnipnlons consoience maj' he in much perplexity coHccrnihg himself as 'ii the presence of his God. He is conscious of ccrtaiii motives of action, and lie is doulitful Avhother they are Christian niotives, or even conipatible Avith real Christian. sincerit3L He feels the iiy 'trusioii of thonghto which disturb him ---seepli- cal thoughts, blasphemous thoughts, A'kiii, self- sufiicient thoughts, and he doubts whether thoy can co-exist Avith genuine saving Christianity. He may he in the state of mind described iu one of our popular hj'mns — .("Tis a point I long to know, , Oft it causes anxious thought,— l-Do I loA'e the Lord or no — Am I His, , or am I not '1" In this state of mind, and Avith possibly a very limited acquaint.ance Avitli tlio Vi'ord of God, bfe niay not be able to avoid seruqiles and doubtfuL- , ness, and attain to a full coiiftdenee in God|s moro3', and a quiet conscienco. And beeanso it is requisite that, witli out snob confidence and quiet, lie sbonld not come to the. Holy Com munion, lie is invited to take counsel Avitli sonic minister of God's V7ord, whose more extensive' arquaintance vritb the contents of Ho3' Scrip ture maj" meet his scruples, solve his donbt.S', anil so ' by t'nu ininistiy of God'.-i llol.','' 'Word bo may receive the bouofit of absiilntion, to gether with gliostbv ooiiiisel and advice, to the »juieting of his conscie.ice." This is the sort ,,f \case contemplated ,jjii .tle , iiivitatisn. "/'J '','hcioceation is.axpressl3' limited itbi fircpara- 'tioii foM te qiinminion. It isj Ijis ifriej! lieirii, rfndmbt his gnefs in the pliir.Al number,) as' ijr. Fnsey Auritcs it,'''tliat he is to opcii. The help given is limited to the ministry- of _.Gpibsj Holy 'xVord, Tlie..Avholc absoU;tel3'''oxcliidesan3qcoii- fessioii of-kucxwii sin, or an3' babiiual resort to the minister for that purpose. ' j ' " T'" \- (4). T1.1C only remaining passagens in the Scr; ADce for the "\Hsitatioii of the Sick. .. The language hero is more pointed, . liQcansoit is more , personal. The minister is no longer dealing with general- declarations, to he appro priated or not, according to the a'.-iriniis char- ,',actors of those who hoar liini. All that belongs 'to dmrantcr has been already, investigated, as far ' as iiiau can investigate the mind of his follow-man. Having received from the sick man satisfactory ansSvers as to his rcjicut- auuo.and .fiiitji, the .minister is thus dii'octed : — ".'Horc.sliail thu sick porsbii he moved to make aG|;eeial Confession of his Sins, if ho feel liis coiir seionee . troubled Avitli an 3' Aveiglit3'' matter. After Avh'icli confession the priest shall ahsolvc him (if he humbly and heartily desire it) after this sort. Our Lord Jesus Christ, avIio hath Wt qioAver to His Glinrcli to absolve all sinners Avlio trnl3f repent' and helicA'o in Him, of His great mcrc.y forgive tlioc thine oil'cneos. . And h3'' His authority committed to mo, .1 absoh'e thcc from .all ti3'' sins, iu the name of tlio Father, and of the Son, and of the 'Hol,3' Ghost. Amen. ' Theii follows this prayer for the forgiveness t f this Amy. persqii " 0, most merciful God, Avho, aeeording to the mnltitudo of thy morcics, dost so put .way the sins of those Avlio truly repent; that thou romcmborcst them no more, open thino QyQ of merc3'npnn this th.3' servant, who motit eanicfitly dcslrcJli imrdou andfonjiuc-. ness." 1 need road no more. . On this, I observe, lirst, that there is no inti- mation'in the service of the sick person being alone Avith the minister. On the conbrar.y, the re.spon5es in the service in pra3dng for the sick involve the neoossit3' of others hoiiig present. This excludes, in limine, all auricular confession. That is the first step. 8econdl3q if the Avords ho a declaration of God's pardon to the penitent, they are in harniony Avith the prayer that fol- loAvs ini)loring such pardon. But. it 103' ho a doseriptioii of an act of pardon then and there qxerformod 133" the" minister actuall3'' clearing the sinner from his sins, the pirayer tliat folloAvs is superfluous;. misuitahle, out of pdace — it is a Avork of supererogation. But as a further argu ment to show. Avhat reason avc have for believing that the AVords Avere intended as a dcclator3' ' statement of God's forgiveness of tlie penitent, and not an act of the ininister .at the moment, I ninmiiR nf +,110 TJlmrjill of 'Pliov have not the force of hiAV, Avith the cxceptiou of one aa'hicli is embodied in tiic Act of Uniform ity ; but tlic3' liave all tbe force of cnin'ocation Avlien actin.g under the Ro'3'al license. In the 45tli and 40tb of tlieso canons tbe diil'ereiice is clearly laid doAvn betAveen incumbents tli.at Avero pAveachors and ineumbeiits that Avero not pireacbers. At tli.at time a largo mmiberjbf men became ministers of a pjreaching clnircli, but that did not qn.alif3' them as preachers, and tliey could not preaoli. To meet this neccs3it3'' ,a book of Homilies Avas prepared; and tliey Avcrc desired to read tbcni. But there Avere some in cumbents Avho Avero competent to jireacli and licensed as pireacliers, and the distinction he- tAvcen them and the non- preaehers is made clear, and is defined in the canons aa'liicli T liavq referred to. In the G7th canon Ave, read these aa''ords " When any pierson is (bmgerously sick iu 11113' piai'ish, the minister or ciirutc, having knoAvledge thereof, shall resort unto him or hor (if the disease be not knoAni or pjrobabl3' sus pected to be infectious) to insiruct and c'omfoi't them in their desires, according to the order of the Comnmriioii- book, if he he no jireaehcv ; or, if ho he a jireadier, Iken 11,1 he shall' lliinic vio.'il, needfid ami convenient." If the man Avas no iiroaclier — if he Avas in- eonipietont to declare the Gospel, ho had AVords pjrovided tor him by , the Church that he aams to use, more likcl3' to jiroclaim G od's meroy tli.an aiy stammoriiigs of his OAVii. But if ho Avas a p3i'caelier — if he kneAV Iioaa'. to pirociaim the grace of God ill Ghri.st, then .he Avas not to use the AVords; except he thought tlioin fit, but Avords that be tlionglit most lit .and expAcdient. Hoes tliis'iiot pil.aiidy impAl.y tliat in tbo mind of con vocation the nicaniiig of the ja.assageAvas pireaoli- ingtbe Gospel ! 'The use of the AVords Avas pre scribed to non-Ai'eaciiei'.3., But pi-eacliers Avcre at liberty to use other AVords as tliC3' saAV fit. Undcir this canon, none of us arc uoav bound to USD these AVords. If any man ask me to use that service, my ansAA'Or is, "No ! I ean pi eacli," aiid am tlierofovc eominissioned by the Clinrcli to use sudi AVorf''s as I think most needful and convoniont — these, or otliers to tbo same piur- pAose. ' If any of my bretlircii in tbo niinisti'3', having regard to the canoi.i of the Gliurch, feel them selves t'0»)7Ac//ed. to xxna tha iMs.dmd verba of this service, I can oiil.y condole Avitll them, on the confession therelA3' made, tliat thc.y are not pircachors, and the'refin-c not competent, and tlioreforo not at liberty, to use such A'/ords as they shall think most needful and convenient. \'i''ell, dciur friends, I must iioAV conclude. -I look up— I look up to our Groat High Briost : of the things aa'o liaA'C spAoken this is the sum. We have such a High Priest, Avlio is at the right- hand of the throne of the Majesty of Heaven, touched Avith a feeling of our infirmities. There, Ho sits in the glorious confessional, .and this aa'bolc earth is but one of the aa'liispering galleries of Ins great temple, of the iinivorso. AVhisper, .and it reaches his e.ir. it reaches his heart. He has ca'cry qualification, his sy.npa- tliies arc perfect, because He has luimaii iiatuic Avithoiit any mixture of human selfishness.. ' It is selfishness that mrrs sympathy. In propor tion .as solfishness prevails sympathy is dulled. Ill Jesus there is no selfishness. ' There is all perfect sym)ath3'. Imagine a a'essel Avrooked in dcepA Avator, near to a rock, and there is a man on the n ek. The siruggling eroatures thrown at once into tlio Avater, er,\''for helpA. To Avliom do they cry T Not to one another. The3' arc .all in 'lik'i circnmstances, and cannot help one another. Not to the rock. It has no feeling jfor them. Avlioin, tlicnC ,do they cr3' ! To tliei'-mipi on llie .wftk. I:o is of their nature, /iuid. dajk feel fr timm... Ho is' ficit 'in their cir- muu'isjtaliee's, alid can,, help' ;'then. : i .Ghiasi i.thc ifmaii on the rock. Cry tqiHiui im 3'iour trouble, i Lift up) ybur hoarts'.to liiml.. .M.ako,knnivi.iyoAu desires to Him. ' 0 bcAA'ai'e Iioaa 3'o,u 6p.6/i your ho'att-'Or'soul to a felloAV-simicr.' , Youmiay, for miituiil boncfit, confess' 3'imr faults one to another; that you'm"o3|.pAra.y for biic .another. In the cohfidence of Christian friendship' yoii niay en'trnS't a' secret, that 3'onr friend ma3' help yn'ii Ito pAray for God's hlcssing. _ But tliat is 'the cnn.fiddiice bf friendship, and has nothing in it of ,tljb jjrostr.atioii of piricstliood. ICcepA clear of tlio confessional upon earth. If it ca'er pAi'o vail again in England farcAA'cll to domestic hapqjiness,' fai'eAveH to domestic pieace, f.arewoll to mutual trust and confidence hetAVecn piarcnt and eliild — a3'e, lAotwcen husband and aa'ife. England, 'have done aa'itli it. Onr fore f-athers discarded it. In ' the name of God, novor recoiA'c it again. . ; 