THE RECENT STORMS. The rain which fell over Ballarat on Monday, 3rd January, was but moderate until late in the night, when the downpour was considerable. At Clunes (writes our local correspondent) the very sultry weather in the earlier part of Monday was succeeded, about three o'clock p.m., by a violent thunderstorm, attended by vivid and continuous flashes of lightning, and a most copious fall of rain. Mr Phillips, the pro prietor and driver of the daily coach between Clunes and Creswick, had a very narrow escape during the storm, for when near Cattle Station Hill a flash of lightning, succeeded by a report like the discharge of a cannon, struck down the horses and rendered them prostrate for some time. Phillips and the two pas sengers in the coach were also rendered unable to either hear or utter a word for a considerable period. The thunderstorm which passed over Melbourne on Monday afternoon was fortunately of brief duration. The weather during the forenoon proved extremely sultry, and there were barometrical indications in the reports received by telegram from the coast stations and from the northern districts, that the atmosphere was surcharged with electricity in every direction, and that a storm was brewing. The rain, which accom panied the thunder and lightning, poured down in an unbroken sheet of water for the space of half-au- hour, and quickly flooded the low-lying streets of the city. The accumulated waters swept along Elizabeth street with the activity of a torrent, overflowing the pave ment and finding access into the shops and cellars of the owners' premises along a considerable portion of its course. The storm subsided as rapidly as it rose, but the atmosphere was not relieved to any consider able degree by the showers which continued to fall at intervals during the night. We gather also from our telegraphic intelligence that the storm was experi enced with even greater violence at Sandhurst and Castlemaiue. The rain fell in torrents, and rendered most of the streets impassable, flooding the shops, and it is apprehended some injury has been done. On Sunday a thunderstorm was experienced at Adelaide, so that it is evident a very largo extent of country lia3 been refreshed with copious rains. Says Tuesday's JYac.-i—" The severest thunderstorm that has been experienced for a long time past, fell at Pleasant Creek, yesterday. On Sunday night there was a short but heavy rainfall, and very vivid light ning, which left the atmosphere close and sultry. This continued till Monday, about two_o'clock, when the storm, accompanied with thunder and lightning, began, and lasted for about half an hour, deluging the streets, and sending large quantities of water into the various dams. The wind which accompanied the rain was little short of a hurricane, a few houses and verandahs being unroofed." The Daylesford paper, after describing Sunday's storm, says of Monday's:—About four p.m. the sky which had been gradually gutting dark as flight, was suddenly rent by a mighty gust of wind from the north-west, that broke with irresistible fury on- the town. At first it seemed that nothing could with stand the fury of the storm, accompanied, as it was by torrents of rain, that fairly obscured the air. The first shock over, it was found that the water was pouring down the street like a cataract, and through many of the stores on the east side of Vincent street. What with the wind, the flashes of lightning, the deep boom ing of the thunder, and the dash of the rain, the in habitants of Daylesford were enabled to form a toler able conception of a hurricane in the tropics. 13y the end of an hour the worst part of the storm had passed over, but heavy rain continued to fall at intervals, till midnight. We learn from Mr Hale that the rainfall during the last three days has been as follows, viz:— 1st January, O'll in.; 2nd, 111 in.; 3rd January, 1'17 in.; total, 2'39 in." Our Talbot contemporary in Tuesday's issue writes of Monday's storm as follows:—" A little before three o'clock yesterday afternoon the rain came down in sheets of water, and in an hour the channels in the streets were flooded, and the water found its way into several cellars, Mr Pierce suffering most, as usual on such occasions. There was quite a river of water flowing across the north end of the crescent, the un derground drains being far too small to carry olr the water, which consequently found its way into Mr Pierce's property. The usually dry bed of the crcek 011 the flat was speedily turned into a roaring flood, carrying huge logs along at horseracing speed, washing down fences, and swamping flats and the houses situated 011 them. The Ballarat coach, heavily laden, had considerable difficulty in keeping to the road be cause of the wide sheets of water accumulated near the creeks. At Corfield's, Mount Greenock, the water was nearly up to the bar. The Amherst flat was one large sheet of water, and a gentleman travelling Tal botwards found the water at the crossinsr place up to the horse's shoulders* On several of the Amherst farms the fences are washed down for a considerable distance, and Mr Cox's garden is submerged for the second time this summer." After describing Sunday's storm, Tuesday's M. A. Mail says:—" Yesterday, however, a storm of un paralleled violence came from the N.W. The rain fell in such torrents that from earth to sky the appear ance was almost like a mass of water. A hurricane of wind spent itself to some extent in the waste be tween Newstead and Castlemaine, and the roads between these places for a time were like rapid rivers. The roll of the thunder was for some considerable time unceasing, and the vivid flashes o£ lightning in cessant." Says Tuesday's J/. A. Mail:—"Our Maldon corre spondent writes:—Wo were visited yesterday, about one o'clock, with a severe thunderstorm, accompanied with a very heavy flood. Again, about two o'clock this morning, a still more severe storm passed over the town; the lightning was extremely vivid, and the thunder-claps loud and crashing, and appeared to be most unpleasantly near. This morning everything looked bright and refreshed; but as the wind has not changed, the heat promises to be as great as ever. It is reported that the coach to Dunolly met with a serious mishap a few nights ago; in fact, a regular upset and smash. The passengers were all more or less injured, and it is even said some bones were broken; all were, however, able to "reach Mr Law-, rencc's, where they received all care and and atten tion." : Tuesday's Geclong Advertiser remarks:—"At four p.m. on Monday a change came about; a heavy gale set in from S.S.W., and for a short time the streets were full of dust, and an immediate fall of rain was anticipated. - This,' however, did not come, and the gale was follpwed by a calm. Between eight and nine o'clock, however, we were visited with some cooling and heavy showers, and late List night there was every prospect of a heavy fall of rain." ' The Bemligo Advertiser of Tuesday, after describing the weather on Sunday, says:—" The storm on Mon day gradually approached, and about four o'clock it broke over the town in a way which astonished ' the oldest' and every other inhabitant. Tho thunder was not very loud, and the lightning was not nearly so vivid as it has frequently been, but tho rain was some thing wonderful. In a few minutes the streets were flooded to a greater depth than was ever known be fore, with the exception of one occasion, when, accord ing to a water-mark of Mr Hcli'ernan's at the Sham rock, the llood was some inchcs higher. Many of the shops in Pall Mall were flooded, though so far as we could ascertain we believe little loss was sustained, there having been time enough to remove the goods oft'the floors. In the neighborhood of Kangaroo Flat the fall of rain was prodigious, as it was in every other part of the town and district. Tho roads were covered with boulders that had been washed thereon by the water which Hooded them; and especially was the road a short distance below Luxton's considerably damaged, the greater part of tho metalling being en tirely washed away. Several shops and private dwcll ing-liouses on the flat were inundated, and damage accrued, though, we are glad to say, to a limited ex tent. At Huntly the storm began at lialf-past three o'clock in dust, and so thick was the cloud as to ren der objects totally invisible across the street; then immediately followed a heavy down-pour of rain, last ing for about three- quarters of an hour, during which time the wind shifted from tho north to the west, and again to the north-west. In that short space of time the Huntly road was running like a creak, and in some places quito submerged. The storm-water channel ran bank high, and at some points ran over near Epsom. At the White Hills there was no dust storm, but the rain came down in torrents, and an idea may bo formed of its force from the fact of a large under ground tank at the Fountain hotel having increased its contents from three and a half to nirio and a half feet." Disastrous Frnf: o.v a Farm.:—"On Sunday morn ing hist," says the Avoca Mail of the 1st instant, " between ten and eleven o'clock, as Mr Kobarts, of Singleton Farm, Jinny Bong, was assisting his- brother in-law in driving the horses from the stables into the paddock, their attention was suddenly arrested by some loose straw, fronting the barn, breaking forth into (lames. The force of the strong wind which was blowing carried the devouring clement into the largo barn, in which was a quantity of hay in truss. In a few moments the whole interior was one mass of fire, and every attempt to rescue anything from the building was utterly impossible; for in less time than it takes to pen this the destruction of the barn, with the adjoining stables, &c.;, and their contents, was com plete. In addition to this, the barn contained the threshing and winnowing machines, several sets of har ness, 200 comsncks, with the usual belongings of a largo farm, all of which fell a prey to the (lames. The adjoining paddock of Mr Hooper, with its long dry grass and dead timber, also took fire and burnt fiercely, but owing to the exertions of those present, and to the existence of a considerable breadth of fallow ground next to the homestead, that gentleman's property was mercifully preserved. The origin of the fire is un known. Very much sympathy is felt for Mr Ilobarts, whose loss by this calamity is over £200, and he is not insured for a sixpence. " Spiritism" at the Thames Gold-field.—We (Pleasant Grceh News) linve been favored with the perusal of a letter from, a gentleman, long resident on Pleasant Creek, and who always bore the character of an energetic, upright, conscientious, truthful man. He has for some time past been a resident of New Zealand. As the largest portion of the letter refers to one of tho leading topics of the day, we extract the following without any altiratiou, simply omitting those parts having reference to family matters. " claim, Shortland, Auckland, N. Z., Oth December, 1S09. My dear sister,—I do so much wish to hear from soma of you. I have so long awaited a reply to my last letter, sent to Melbourne, that I fear it could not have reached its destination, so I try to reach you, and then they can get it through you from me. You may think it strange when I tell you that I have heard from dear Martha (tho writer's de ceased wife) in the spirit land, and was promised future communications from her as soon as I am better unfolded in mediumistic conditions. She was unable to tell me more than that she knew all about my desire to speak with lior, and that she was in a superior state now. 1 believe I shall at some time—when magnetic conditions can bo induced —get something more from her. What I got was written through the agency of another spirit. I once got a long written communication from a departed person whom I formerly know in England, giving minute particulars of identity of places and events that were long since forgotten. I saved a elaim here hi, uue xiuimus turougu a spirit communication, it had been neglected ' and was liable to be jumped, when 1 was told by spirit writing that six men were coming at nine o'clock the next morning on to the claim to jump the ground, with other particulars of their programme. I was there with the men I got just in the niek of time to save the claim. The jumpers came exactly at the time I was told they would do, and they saw at once they were completely checkmated, and looked sheepishly disappointed and white as ghosts when they saw we were too much and too strong to be bounced by thom. You see by this that I am a spiritist. It is the re ligion of science and the science of religion, that will before long become the religion of the world, throw down all sectarian divisions, and demolish all the idols of bigotry and wrong that have so long severed the true interests of humanity; when the real Christ principle shall embrace all men in one true brother hood of peace, love, and progression. I am now waiting for the opening of the long looked for Upper Thames gold-field, Ohenemure; have nothing to do just now. I have been managing a company's ground on wages, but can't get tliern. I could keep on at a risk, but calls are not promptly paid up, and I don't see the force of going on so. I have suffered much loss and injustice in various ways at the Thames. I worked hard on many claims to no good purpose—sold out of one good one, and lost more than the proceeds thereof since. The gokl-field is now a permanent fact, but much overdone through over speculation, and the bad management of claims, which is causing a reaction and distress which time must restore." Queensland.—In its summary for England, the Brisbane Courier gives the following sketch of the pro gress and position of Queensland:—" In 1SG0 we had 23,000 inhabitants, now we have 110,000; in 1S00 there were 41 schools, attended by less than 2000 children; now we have nearly 200, with about 13,000 pupils. There are now nearly 2,000,000 of acres leased; more than 18,000 planted with cotton, and more than 5000 under sugar. Sheep have increased, between the two periods, from 3,000,000 to 9,000,000, and homed cattle from less than half a million to more than a million. In mineral productions, the increase has been marvellous; indeed, it would be difficult to arrive at a correct estimate of the amount of gold, copper, coal, ike., brought to the surface. From the far Cloncurry in the north-west to the southern boun dary of the colonj', discovery has followed quickly upon discovery, and copper, silver, and gold will yet be found in Queensland in such abundance as to afford wealth to many and employment to thousands. We have more than 200 miles of railway constructed and in use; wc have about 2000 miles of telegraphic communication; our imports have risen from three quarters of a million to two millions, and our exports from half a million to nearly two millions and a quar ter. Our revenue has increased to more than £750,000 from £178,000 in 1S00; and our expenditure, apart from loans, has swollen iu about the same ratio." Fiji.—We arc informed by Mr Finuer of the arrival of Mr Moore, the sub-manager of the Polynesia Com pany at Fiji, by the City of Adelaide, from Sydney, on bunclay Just, Despatches wore sent via liingland, to the United States by Mr F. Cook, the manager of the company, requesting the United States Govern ment to grant their protection over the islands. The petition to that eii'eet has been extensively signed in Fiji, Sydney, and Victoria. The island of Vifci Levu, the largest of the Fiji group, will be made a port of call by the proposed line of steamers from San Frau cisco to these colonies. The Polynesia Compaq are preparing to open out their now townships of Suva and Cookton, in anticipation of this event. Mohk by Good Luck, &c.;—It is not often that a well-tilled purse, dropped in a frequented place, is picked up by its owner a week after the loss; sucli a case, however, occurred yesterday. On Boxing-day last a Mr Mathew Bowin, a gentleman hailing from one of the mining centres, visited the Yan Yean with a picnic party, and somewhere between the time of his starting and his return lost his pocket-book, or purse, containing about i'20 in cash and several hun dred pounds' worth of scrip. At the time of discover ing his loss he had not the most remote idea how the purse had fallen from his pocket, and was only deter-: red from advertising his loss by fancying lie might have left it at home. He accordingly returned to the place from whence he came, but his search proving fruitless, he again came down to Melbourne, and sud denly remembering that he had felt the purse in his pocket when vaulting some fences near the reservoir, he started off yesterday morning for the spot. On ar riving he found the place where he had been skylark ing without much difficulty, and, after a short half hour's search, was rewarded by discovering the miss ing treasure lying almost concealed in a tuft of grass, within less than three feet of a path along which there are persons passing nearly every hour of the . day. Such, good luck as this is singular, and so pro-/ bably is the idea of carrying about five hundred pounds' worth of property to a picnic.—Age,4th January.- ^ J. HE iNiiULliUr ui1' >> AiJ-.it . Avu&\vii>ii-; standing," remarks the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, " the serious inconvenience experienced by miners' from' scarcity of water during the past yearj tbe amount of rain which fell in 1S69 was fully equal to; that of average years. But while tlie'present'waste-; •ful state of things continues, it matters comparatively little what the rainfall may be, so far as-,the conserva tion of water for mining purposes is concerned^ The cry of the miners in • this district, like that of the Ancient Mariner, has incessant reference to water'; but while this is being re-echoed, the bountiful'supply which nature provides is allowed to run to waste. In fact, it appears as if nature was expected to do every thing, man nothing. The rainfall of last year is fully equal to that of many places in Great Britain, and yet for several months all the loss and inconvenience attending a drought were experienced. Could means bo adoptod for conserving this supply, and storing it for future use, the prosperity of the district would be materially enhanced. Mining would cease to ba the precarious occupation it is at present, while agricul tural pursuits would likewise lose much of their mi certainty. The task of providing storage is, however, altogether too great for private enterprise, and it almost seems hopeless to expeet any assistance from Government in the work. Had a portion of the large sums frittered away in useless surveys—in connection with schemes which could only have been successful supposing the laws of nature to have been reversed— been laid out in erecting dams and reservoirs in the most suitable localities, the depression from which this district is at present suffering would hare been avoided." 