ST. MARY'S DOMINICAN" CON VENT, FRANKLIN-STREET. On Sunday, March. 6fch, the foundation-stone of a new Dormitory, about to be added to the Dominican Convent, Franklin-street, was laid. At 3 o'clock, the ceremony, which was in ac cordance with, the Roman ritual, was com menced by the Yery Rev. John Smyth, Y.G., assisted by the Rev. J. E. Tenison "Woods and the Rev. Mr. Roche. There was a large num ber of persons present, and in the cavity under the stone was placed a bottle, containing a copy of the Irish Harp, the current coins of the realm, and the following document:— " Lapidem istum primarium Schoolarum Dominicarum, dominica, I. Quadragessimas, die. vi , Martii, 1870, xxiv. Anno Pontificatus, D. N. Papse Pii IX.; L. B. Sheil, Cathedram Adelaidensem occupante, nunc vero Concilii Generalis ratione Komd absente; familise S. Dominici hac in Oivitate Priorissrt Teresa Moore; Yictoria I., Brittaniaruin Regina, Aus tralia meridivantes, Jacobo Fergusson, egente procurante, Admodium; Rev. Joannes Sinyth, Yacarius Generalis, . Adelaidensis ; Magna Fidelium Multitudine Circumstante; feliciter in Domino Posuit." After the stone was laid the people adjourned to the schoolroom of the Convent, where a very eloquent and appropriate sermon was preached by the Yery Rev. J. Smyth, Y.G., who took his' text from Gospel of St. Matthew, xxviii. c., 19 and 20 v. "Going, therefore, teach ye all nations; baptising in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all thiugs whatsoever I have commanded you; and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world." During bis discourse the- rev. gentleman referied to the benefit of . a good secular educa tion, combined with religion, and pointed out the advantage that the Catholic popu lation of this colony had over other deno minations in an independent system of educa tion without assistance from the State. He said that the battle of the Church was fought in the schoolroom, in training up the youth to become respectable and religious young men and women and an ornament to society. He also spoke in high terms of the Nuns of St. Dominick and the Sisters of St. Joseph, who had parted with home, and friends, and the world in order to impart to the youth a good religious and secular education. After the sermon a collection was made, which amounted to about £22. The building, which is of a gofchic design, will be 41 feet long by 16 feet six inches wide in the clear, and 22 feet six inches high. The archi tects are Messrs. Wright, Woods, & Hamilton, and the builders Messrs. Bennett & Giddins, who have taken the contract at £311. An accident occurred to Mr. Gr. Hill, of the Bull's Creek-road, on Saturday, the 19th instant. He was riding one of. the horses in his paddock, when the horse either shied or stumbled, the effect of which, was to throw Mr. Hill on his shoulder, causing a fracture of the collar bone. Dr. Ferguson was immediately sent for, under whose care he is now progressing favorably. -Southern Argus. 