THE SINS OF THE FATHERS. BY M1S8 BRADDON. (From Bdgravla.) Continued from last Saturday's issue. Chapter IIL MY LADY'S CONFSSSOB. It was not long after this when Lord Deve rill bad occasion to leave England on a mis sion to Paris, a mission involving some private business of the king's, the payment of moneys borrowed during his majesty's exile, some gossips about the court said ; but the mes senger himself preserved sn inscrutable silence even to his wife, who had, in truth, small . iinrlnoft.if ohnnf afata maf.tot-fl Kllf. RAAmerl /In. jected at the thought of her lord's departure. ' I shall be lonely and dull without you, George,' she said in her soft voice, clinging to him tenderly as he was about to leave the house. He looked down at her, wondering, always wondering whether tins tenderness 01 ners were real. Nature had cursed him with a suspicious mind, not easily to be lulled to nab The sweet look in those blue eyes went straight to his heart — and yet, and yet — it would be an easy matter for a woman to pre tend as much as that, for the sake of a coro net, and a vast fortune, and the chance of be ing left by and by a wealthy widow, still in the bloom of youth. He looked down at her, loving her with all his might, and yet not able to banish that doubt of her which was a part of his very nature. ' Nay, child,' he answered gently, ' you will have all you care for — your books, your colour-box, and harpsichord.' ' I shall not have you,' she said, laying the fair young head, with its rippling shower of pale golden curls upon his breast He sighed— a deep, long sigh, kissed her on the brow, and put her gently from him. As he did so the door opened, and Algernon Mild way appeared on the threshold. 'The boatmen are ready, my lord,' he said ; '' and the vessel sails for France in little more than an hour. Of course they will wait for your lordship, but the tide will serve them best' ' I am ready,' Lord Deverill answered. But his wife drew him aside into the em brasure of the wind. *' Will your secretary be here in your ab sence, George ?' she asked in a low voice. ' Why, of course, Alice ; he will be free of the house. He has business to do that that will keep him a good deal in my room down stairs.' ' I am sorry for that.' ' Why, child ? He will not intrude upon you.' ' I know that And I know it is an idle fancy — a wicked one, perhaps — that makes me dislike his' presence, yes, even the idea that he is in the same house with me. For give me, George. And he is your kinsman too, and I am bound to like him ; yet I'cannot tell you wiittt a. strange tear i uave ot iiirn, as if I saw it written on his face that he is des tined to work some evil against me. I have felt it from the very first hour I saw him, though I have never dared speak of it till now ; but now you are going away, and I am to be left all alone, my heart sinks at the thought that he will be near me.' ' Nay, Alice, this is the most childish piece of folly ; I am vexed that ray wife should har bour such a silly prejudice. The young man is of my own blood, an honest gentleman, and very faithful tome, if that be any merit in your sight.' ' If you love him, and can trust him, I am contented,' Lady Deveiill answered with si faint sigh. 'Yes, I doubt not my prejudice is foolish. But women and children have such fancies often, and they are sometimes right' ' Farewell, Alice ; I have no leisure to talk to you of this nonsense.' And so they purled ; the young wife sad ut heart ; the husband disturbed and irritated by his parting interview. Had he any reason to doubt Mildmay's fidelity, he asked himself, as the rowers curried him swiftly down the stream. Nay, he had known the young «'un from his childhood, and had ever found him faithful and affec tionate. Self-interest might have something to do with his fidelity, it is true ; but what aetion or what sentiment in life is not govern ed more or less by self-interest? Lord Devc rill did not believe in affection without a mo tive, or in gratitude for past favours unming led with the hope of benefits to come. 'Mild way knows that it is in my power to \advance his prospect*,' he said to hirntelf, ' It is not likely that he would Ihj unfaithful to me, or discourteous to my wife. And, in any case, he is a useful watch-dog ; and will see that no court fops hang about Alice in my presence.' Lord Deverill w&s; away something less than a month. The mission he had been charged with was a delicate one, involving negotiations of some length ; and it was business only, and not the charms of the French capital, which kept George Deverill so long away from his wife. He wrote to her twice during his absence ; but she wrote to him several times — long letters full of girlish prattle about tho trifles whieh made her life, »nd breathing boundless love for her husband. The hour came at last, a sultry sunless twi light late in July, when the rowers went up the stream with th' returning traveller. He had sent no notice of his coming home, pre ferring to drop unawares upon his household, and to surprise his wife, pleasantly perhaps, pleasantly without doubt, if there wero truth in those loving letters of hers. A strange eagerness to return to her ht»d come upon him within the last day or two, an almost feverish haste and impatience ; and as he draw nearer to the end of his journey, that inward fever grew stronger, till it became a kind of agony. It was an oppressive evening, a white mist brooding over the liver, and almost blotting out the tall pointed roofs and slender steeples of the city ; not a breath of wind stirring, and a sickly yellow light upon the water instead of the rosy glow of sunset Such an atmos phere was enough to give any man a fever, Lord Deverill said to himself, anxious to account for that fierce heat and burning in his blood. The light wherty shot .into the shore at last, and one of the men moored it to the lion's mouth, beside the stone landing stair. There was another boat fastened there, with a man sitting in it fast asleep, at whom my lord stared wonderfully, not caring, however, to rouse and question him. He could learn all he wanted to know within. There was a light in my lady's favourite chamber — a single lamp, which had a pale yellow radience in the twilight— and the sound of music floated through the open window. George Deverill went quickly up tue first flight of the narrow staircase with a light step, but half way up he stopped suddenly, and his face grew dark as midnight. Mingled with the sound of the harpsichord there came to him two voices ; one of his wife's dear soprano, the other a tenor voice that was strange to him. 'So my wife has company,' he said to himself angrily, ' and demonstrates her sor row for her husband's absence by singing love-ditties with some strange cavalier ! There was no hint of this in her letters.' He listened for a few moments, creeping stealthily upwards till he was close to the little door in the tapestried wall ; an ill-made door with cracks wide enough to enable a spy to coo ail t.w, was. taking place within the chamber. ' The music bad ceased. Thete was no little crowd of gay company in the room, such as George Devevill bad expected to see. There was no one but his wife, who sat facing him, with her white arms folde'l listlessly upon the closed harpsichord, and a young man in a priest's dress — a young man with a fair, perfect face, and flowing chesnut hair — who stood by her side, leaning with one elbow on the in strument, and looking down at her in thought ful silence. It was a simple group enough, and would have made a gracefully unmeaning subject for a painter of interiors ; but the sight, simple as it was, set George Deverill's heart beating with a murderous fury. They might have heard the throbbing, he thought, these two, had they not been so absorbed in the guilty delight of each other's company. Guilty ? Yes, Lord Deverill had no doubt of his wife's guilt Perhaps he had always expected some such horror as this. In any case he met the calamity halfway. This secret meeting — for secret he had no doubt it was ; the priest's costume — a disguise, of course'! Was there not evidence enough of his dis honour 1 To him it seemed indisputable as the midday sun, palpable us the eavth upon which, he trod. He stood still as death at the door, looking in upon the lighted chamber through the open space beneath the clumsy upper hinge. ' And you must really return to Holland, Edward V Alice asked anxiously. ' Ay, dearest, there is no help for it,' the young man answered with a sigh ; I have a home and a position yonder; here 1 am nothing, less than nothing ; a standing shamn and reproach in the eyes of one you know of 'Pis hard to patt from the one fund creature who loves me ; but it would be harder to re main, and bang about you, and be nothing to you, disowned and nameless.' Alice Deverill sighed, and for some mo ments remained silent, playing idly with the (.titikcUi !wuSiuS uu lior jowollotl ol.atoluinf! ? a gift from him, the outraged husband, who stood at the door watching her, with fatal thoughts busy in his brain. ' When must you start, Edward V she asked presently. ' To-morrow night.' There is a vessel sails for Rotterdam after midnight ; I Uave made uiy plans to travel by that. 'Shall I see you no move then ?' ' Nay, dearest. If it be safe, 1 will come to you to- morrow at the usual hour.' ' For the last time. And we shall never more sing the old duets that my father was so fond of in the happy days at Treherne court. It was a foolish fancy of mine to wish to sing one of our old favourites with you to-night, was it not, Edward 1' ' Rather an imprudent fancy, T own,' tlm young man answered, nmiling. ' Your ser vants would be set wondering if they heard you singing duets with your father conffs sor.' Her father confessor t Yes, the priest's frock was a disguise ; there was no trace of tho tonsure on that fair young head. This man was some early lover of Alice Treberne's, some one to whom she had given her heart, but who had boon too poor to claim her for his wife. ' She wanted a wealthy dupe,' George Deverill said to himself; and she found one. Once furnished with a riuh busbnnd, 'twas easy to retain the favoured lover. 0 God, to think that smooth fair face I have idolised is but the miibk of a foul false heart !' ' The servants' quarters are too remote for tliem to overhear us,' said Alice. ' And you will conic to-morrow, ut the usual hour, Ed ward ?'' ' Yes, dearest. I suppose there is no chance of your husband's return before then?' ' 1 think not. There has been no letter to announce his coming. And even if lie met you, your sacred character would prevent any thing like curiosity.' 'I suppose so. Good night, my bright one.' He took her in his arms and kissed her, with the calm air of a man to whom that embrace was a matter of course, and Alice accepted his kiss with the same air. Between lorers of such old standing it was naturally so. . Lord Deverill grasped his sword-hilt Should lie spring out upon him and slay him as he stood there ? No ; he must needs have a darker vengeance than that And what was he, this nameless adventurer t Dirt, to be spurned with his foot by and bye; It was she — she, the traitress — with whom he had to settle his account first. ' To-morrow will be time enough,' he said to himself. Alice opened a little casket of curious Venetian work, and took out a heap of gold, which she pressed upon her lover. ' Nay, Edward, I know that yon must want money,' she said, as he tried to refuse it ; ' and you need have no scruple in ac cepting this paltry gold. You cannot imagine how rich I am. My husband loads me with favours. And now, good night; for I see you are in a hurry to be gone.' He kissed her again, and thoy both came towards the tapestried door. Lord Deverill drew back into the narrow passage. It was quite dark out here, and there was no fear of his being seen, even if Alice brought the lamp to light her secret visitor down stairs, us she did presently. She stood at the top of a nar row staircase, with the lamp in her hand, till the door blew closed with a., grating sound, followed by the splash of oars as the boat left the shore. How lovely she looked as she stood thus with the soft light of the lamp upon her face ! Lord Deverill was startled by her beauty ; it dawned upon him like a revela tion, after the interval in which he had not seen her. There, was something almost super natural in that fair radiant countenance, the highest charm of which was its look of perfect innocence. And yet she was false, beyond all measure false. He stood in the dark shadow of the narrow passage until Alice had returned to her room, and then crept softly to a door opening upon the gallery, which communi cated wfth the principal rooms and with the grand staircase. All the house was wrapped? in a half darkness, a solitary lamp glimmering faintly here and there. But there was light enough for Lord Deverill, who went slowly down the shallow stairs to his favourite apart ment — a spacious library upon the ground floor, a dark and sombre chamber, out of which there opened a little room wherein the secre tary was accustomel to perform his daily duties. The library was. dark, but there was alight burning in the inner-room, aua news mj i«i.a found Algernon Mildinay, with a dingy-look- \ ing folio volume open on the table before him, reading studiously. He looked up with a start at the sound of his patron's footsteps, and was still more startled by the ghastly pal lor of the dark face, in which there was wont to be a deep crimson glow, like tbe lurid gleam of a stormy sunset But he said no thing. Only his heart beat a little quicker than usual, and a voice within him nsked, ' Id it coming f 'This is, indeed, a pleasant surprise, my lord,' he said in his courtliest tone. ' I did not even hear the bustle of your arrival in the hall without, and you came upon mo like a ghost.' ' There was no noise in the hall. I let my self in with ray own key.' 'Intending to come unawares upon my Lady Deverill, no doubt What a joyful surprise for her !' ' Yes, when we meet I doubt not that it will be — a surprise,' my lord answered with a diabolical smile, and a long pause before the last two words. ' You have not seen her yet, then ?' ' We have not yet met. I have a iancy for keeping the surprisa a little longer. I am in the humour for a jest, you see, Mildmay. Come,' he went on, flinging hiuisulf heavily into a capacious three-cornered arm chair op posite his young kinsman — ' come, sirrah, tell me how ray wife has beguiled her leisure dur ing my absence. Has she been very gay, gad ding about from house to house to air her dia monds, and display the latest fashion in a brocaded robe or a flounced petticoat ?' ' Nay, uiy lord, Lady Deverill has little taste for that kind of pleasure, as I think you know. She has, indeed, a strange love of .solitude, very rare in one so young. Aud she lias an ardent piety, which may seem a little overstrained perchance in the eyes of a man of the world like you or me, but is, neverthe less, a charming attribute in a woman. She has spent much ot her time in religious exer cises, 1 fancy, in your absence, and has been visited by her confessor every evening for the last fortnight.' ' Her confessor ! What, the old priest from the queen-dowager's chupel ?' ' ±Nri-, «iy lord. This is a young man, a Frenchman also, I conclude ; for on the few occasions when I have met him on thn stairs, ho has spoken to mo in that language.' ' Indeed ! Aud he has been with my lady every creuing 1 I did not think she had so many sins to confess. Has this priest been favoured with lengthy interviews?'1 ' Nay, my lord, I cannot answer for the period of his visits. Iiu has used the water staircase. I have soen his bout waiting there sometimes, when 1 have left; the house by that way myself.' ' At what hour 1' 'I haveseldoni gone away until ten o'clock.' ' A late hour for confession, truly. Per chance the holy father is with her now. I will not run the risk of interrupting their pious exercises.' ' But, my lord, your coming can hardly seem untimely, let it happen when it will. Ludy Deverill must needs be rejoiced by your return.' ' Perhaps, but it is my fancy not to disturb her. Besides, it would be but a meeting and a parting in the same hour. I am in Eng land only as :i bird of passage. I sleep in the City to-night and sail for Antwerp at day break. I have business of moment to settle in the Netherlands.' ' Private business of his majesty's, my lord 1' ' Of the king's — yes.' ' You have been at Whitehall, then, to night, my lord V ' I have received my orders, sir,' Lord Deverill answered sternly. Thin mission is a matter that lies betweeu his majesty and my self. 1 permit no one to play tho spy upon my affairs.' The secretary murmured a humble apology. ' Let me accompany you to your lodgings in the City, my lord, he asked. ' I may be of some use to you,' ' No, there is nothing you can do for me — except keep the secret of my presence here to night Not a word, mind, to Lady Duverill. I sleep at the Green Dragon — good night' ' Let me see you to the door, my lord.' ' No keep your seat. I want no fuss or noise.' The secretary waited, listening breathlessly till he heard the sound of the hall- door closed with a cautious hand. Then he crept through the dark library, and out into the hull where it was almost dark, and stood there behind a stone column listening intently. Yes, in the gallery above he heard tho sound of a man's footstep, stealthy, but distinctly audible in the utter stillness of the house. Algernon Mildn. y crept up the staircase witli light swift steps, lie was just in time to see a figure disappear through a dimly lighted archway at the end of the gallery— a tall stalwart form that was very familiar to him, the figure of George, Baron Deverill. He followed, still very cautiously, and pre pared to dart into the embrasure of a door, should his patron turn. He followed to the foot of the second staircase, and saw Lord Deverill mounting before him, mounting to the third story of that spacious mansion. On this third floor there was a range of bed chambers rarely occupied, and above these the garrets of the servants. Algernon Mildmay heard his kinsman open the door of one of the empty rooms, and close it after him. Then all was silent ; and after listening on the dark landing for neiirly a quarter of an hour, the secretary went softly downstairs. ' So this is what his lordship meant - bv sleeping at the Green Dragon. There is a storm brewing, I fancy, a tempest which will sweep that fair-faced doll from the pinnacle to which my dotard cousin has elevated her. Is she false to him, I wonder'! Who knows1? i Enough for me, if he thinks her so. And that handsome young priest would serve to make . a dozen middle-aged husbands jealous. A man has no business to marry at fifty years of age. 'Tis a deliberate wrong to his next of kin. And so he means to spend the night in hiding up yonder ; and in that case how about sailing at daybreak for Antwerp? Has. he seen the king to-night, and is he charged with i\ny mis sion in the Netherlands t No, I would wager my chauces of the Deverill inheritance that those are lies. Had ho seen those two, my lady and her priest, I wander? There was that in his face which nieaut mischief when he ennm in — a murderous .look. Yes, 1 will lay my life he had seen them.' Aud musing thus, Mr. Mildmay went slo'vly back to his little study, aud s:ic them, brood ing aud listening till late into the night. There was a palo streak of daylight in the east when he left the house, mid walked back to his lodgings through the quiet streets. Chapter IV. MY LOUD AVEXGES HIMSELF. It was between 9 and 10 o'clock upon the night after Lord Deverill's return, and a night of storm and tempest, when n tall figure with a masked face took its stand in the narrow passage behind my lady's favourite chamber. There came the sound of voices from within — youthful voices which the lis tener knew too well ; but to-night he could not hear their word.', for Alice Deverill and her companion wero standing at the open window watching the storm, and the noise of the wind and rain drowned the low murmur of their voices. There was a fragile rowing-boat moored to the lion's head below, but no boatman; The mock priest was skilled in the use of the oars, and had rowed across the river from his ob scure Surrey lodging before this storm began. He was watching the sky now, admiringly rather than anxiously, mid a cry of rapture broke from his lips every now and then when the vivid lightning flashed across the river and city, with a tremulous blue light that gave a weird unearthly aspect to that familiar scene. That masked listener, peering in at the lump-lit room presently through the crevice in the door, fancied that Alice was pleading with her visitor, entreating him not to leave her while the storm was raging. She clung to him with pretty beseeching gestures — those tender winning ways the watcher knew so well — looking up at him the while. He smiled at ht;r fears, laughed even, as if to re assure her, Mien bunt to kiss the fair brow, snatched up his hut. and turned towards the door. ' Nay, my sweet one, there is nothing to fear,' he said in a louder voice, with his hand upon the door. ' I have been used lo all weathers. I shall bis on the opposite bank in five minutes, and safe at. tuy lodging in ton. Good night, aud Ooil guard thee, pretty one. It may bo long before you and I meet again.' ' Ay,' muttered the figure lurking in the, shadow of thy wall, '?' thou suyost truly,' traitor ; it may be long.' Alice Devei ill brought thn lump to the door way ; but the door below giving on the water was open, and there wus a wind upon the staircase that would have extinguished 20 lamps. In :i moment they were in darkness. ' Go buck and light your lump, child,' s*id the young man, pushing her gcutly iuto the room, and shutting the door upon her. He ran down the stairs, close followed by the masked watcher. In tho doorway above, the river a powerful hand gripped him by the neck, and flung hiiu round suddenly. It was too daik for him to see his assailant He tried to draw his sword ; in vnin ; that un known uniiiny seemed to have a giant's strength. He gave one hoarse cry for help, and in the next moment wn« (lung down into the empty boat, stabbed to tho hourt. ; The assassin cut the rope with his dagger, and pushed the boat out iuto the stream. On such a night it' wus scarce, likely that any one had heard that one lmlf-slided cry for help. Tho murderer's grasp hail been upon the victim's throat when it was uttered. He walked slowly up the stairs, wiping his poignard on tho velvet sleeve ot his doublet as he went. He opened the door ot the little tapestried room, and went in, an awful figure, with tho face hidden, and a dagger -rt*iiunr-il in hli-» Khnmn riirlih limul ' Mio Lino rufllo torn from the bony wrist, and the vel vet sleeve pushed upward to give free play to that murderous hand. Alice Duverill was on her knees at a little altar when he entered the room. She rose at the sound of the opening door, and turned her face towards it. At the sight of that ghastly figure she gave a feeble cry, and re coiled, tottering to the opposite wall. The intruder uttetcd no word. He strode across thn little room, and laid a heavy hand, his left hand, upon the girl's bare shoulder. ' What, hypocrite,' he said, ' do you pray ? That is indued a blasphemy ! You were praying for your lover's safety, per chance? Wasted breath, wench. Ho has gone upon his lust long journey. Would'st like to follow him ?' ' Lord Deverill,' cried the girl, recognising her husband's voice, altered as it was by pas sion ; ' what madness is this ! My lover !? — I have no lover.' ' What, not the mock priest who loft you two minutes ago ! Nay, 'tis easy enough for nucli trash to lie. But I did not come to talk. Thy last lie is spoken, girl.' He wound one powerful arm round the slender figure, took her to bis breast in that last embrace, and plunged the dagger home to her heart us surely as he hud pierced that of her late visitor. ' She would have won mo to believe her lies, if I had let her talk,' he muttered to himself. ' I am weaker than water where she is concerned.' He held her in his arms still. He kissed the pale dead fuc6 — not once, but many times — more passionately than he had ever kissed it in life, when he had been too proud to reveal the depth of Iub love. He held the lifeless form for a long time, his mask flung aside now, looking down at the fair face with unspeakable woe, and yet some touch of pride in the thought that he had avenge! himself. At last he roused him self from that profound reverie, laid his dead wife gently down upon a couch, and then began to mnke an end of his work. He broke open caskets and cabinets, and crammed his pockets with their glittering contentn. It was his business to make this deed scem-tha crime of' a midnight robber. He scattered letters and papers on the floor, ransacked drawers and jewel-cases, until his pockets were heavy with their plunder. It was at the last moment that he stooped to pick up a letter which had fallen to the ground among the rest, a letter which attracted his eye because the superscription was in his dead friend, Sir Talbot Treheme's handwriting. A curious superscription too : '? ' To my daughter Alice. ' To bo opened after my death. Talbot Trehebne.' Lord Deverill had no time to read the letter. Ho thrust it into his breast, and crept softly away from the room, where the servants mighc come at uuy moment to inquire for their mistress's final orders before retiring for tho night. In tlie gallery and on the staircase all was still. My lord resumed his mask before going downstairs, and looked cautiously ovi'.v the banisters. There wus no one in the hall. He went softly down, unfastened the heavy bolts and chains of tho great door, and let himself out iuto the rain aud darkness, reckless of the storm. lie went on foot to the city, in spite of the rain, which never ceased in all that weary walk. He spent the night at that hostelry of which he had spoken to his secretary, and where he had sent his luggage on arriving from France. He spent the brief summer night at this Green Dragon, a hideous sleep less night, in which his wife's dead face was always before his eyes. Was he sorry for what he had done ? No, not sorry. He loved his wife as passionately as over, and regretted her with a desperate anguish. But he did not repent. Had the deed been to do again, ho would have done it, deeming the blood of thosn two guilty ones, the sole possible atonement for its wrong. At daybreak he was on board the Antwerp packet ; a fair summer morning, unspeakably serene and tranquil after the tempest. What a lovely culm without, what a fierce tumult within, as George Deverill stood upon the deck, watching the towers and steeples of the great city melt into the cloudless blue of that summer heaven ! It was not till the vessel had passed the Kentish hills aud was out in the open sen that my lord remembered that letter in his breast-pocket, and took it out to read with a half listless curiosity. What could its con tents signify to him '! They could not make his dead wife an honest woman, or restore to him one of those lost hopes which hud bright ened his life u little while ago. The letter ran thus : — 'The acuret I urn about to confide in you, Alice, is one that i liuvu guarded jealously for twenty-live yeuis of my life; and I charge you, us you value your soul, to keep it as jealousy to your dying clay ; ay, even from yimr husband, should yon marry, as it is but likely you will ere long. That .Edward Hur mer, whom you have culled cousin, and loved with a cousinly, nay, indeed, a sisterly affec tion, which it has pleased me well to sue, is no distant kinsman, orphan sou of a poor and humble relation, us I have tuught you to be lieve. He is .something nearer and dealer, Alice ; he is your half-brother ; my son, born out of wedlock some four years before my marriage with your mother; my son, by u lady of .such exulted rank, that the revela tion of this sreret would be death to more than one. My boy's mother still lives, and holds a lofty station at the court, having many years ago married a gentleman, her equal in rank and fortune. Edward knows this, and is willing that his own existence should be an obscure one, spent in a foreign laud, rather than cause the shadow of danger to the mother whoso voice he hus never heard Wjhoso lips have never kissed him. Of my sin I need not speak here. It is a sin that ever comes buck to the wrong-doer, and it has been a source of bitterness to me for many weary years; but, alas, the burden weighs most heavily on the innocent.' Yon, Alice, when I am gone, will he my son's only ftieud ; or, at least, the sole being with whom he may claim the tender tie of kindred. Bo kind to him, my beloved daughter; and should fate raise you to a position of wealth or power, do him whatever service you can. You know that he hus a brave and noble spirit, aud has loved you fondly from his boyhood. Be kind to him for my sake ; uud think that, in the unknown country to which I go, your father's ghost looks buck upon you with fond regretful eyes, und blesses you. Farewell, dear child ; I have but this single request to make to one who has been ever dutiful and affectionate, and whom heaven will surely reward in the days to come.' This was all. George Deverill sat with the letter in his hand, like a man spellbound by some strungo dream. Then, after a long in terval of this strange stillness, he rose and slowly* paced the deck, thinking of the useless murder that he had done. His wife was innocent ; the woman he had loved was pure and spotless after all. There was a rapture in that thought, which even the memory of his crime could scarcely listen. She .was dead, lost to him forever; but she was not ' u liar, gone to burning hell.' She was an angelic victim, for whom be could weep without shame. There was clamour aud confusion in the house by the river when Alice Deverill's un timely fate was known. The' crime was at tributed at once to some common robber who liad discovered by some means how my lady kept her jewels in that chamber, and hud laid his plans accordingly. Algernon Mildmay, who was present at all the investigations and discussions thtit followed the discovery of the murder, took pains to press this view of the ease, though he had his own thoughts upon the subject, and those pointed to that secret guest who had spent a night hidden in one of the unused chambers on th« third story. But ' this gentlemuu knew that, if his patron suffer ed as a felou, his patron's fortune would be forfeited to the Crown ; and he was very anxi ous to spare my Cord Deverill the. shame of a public trial for murder, to be followed by the scaffold. / ' ? ???!?.:.. . ? i . The fact that on the night of Lady Deve rill's murder a man, stabbed to death, had 1 been found drifting down the Thames in an open boat, attracted little notice. Midnight assassinations were common enough in that L golden age, and no one thought of connecting these two crimes. Lord Deverill lived abroad for ten years, wandering from city to city, and leading a life of wild riot and dissipation, which would have exhausted even a larger fortune than his own. At the end of that time he came sud denly home — a haggard-looking man, with white hair — and gave himself up to the law as a double murderer. The Preliminary examinations proceeded slowly ; for magistrates and lawyers were in clined to think this self-accused man a mono maniac. He had as much difficulty in proving his| guilt as he could have had in demon strating his innocence ; and he was reman ded from time to time, while thcae was an attept made to procure independent evid ence. He was never brought to trial. They found him dead in his prison one morning, sitting at a table with a lighted candle still burning before him, and his wife's miniature in his band. He died penniless. There was no thing — neither house nor land — for Algernon Mild may to inherit That gentleman pros pered in life, nevertheless, and rose to a dis tinguished position in diplomacy. The End. 