TUB LA8T THING OUT IN AMERICAN SECTAKIAKISM. Great religions excitement csifts in Mocopin, twelve miles from l'atereon. A new roligious socjety! called 4 Jehovah's Baud/' has been started, supplanting a farorite station of the Methodist Church. The, Methodist* sent their best preachers to combat the hercsv, but thev nrc. repudiated. Each in turn is forced to leave. The peculiar form of worship devel ops itsolf iu puffing, blowing, whistling, shouting, jumping, wrestling, falling to the Hour, nnd rolling over snd kicking. Both vomen aud men engage in. tlie exercises. Baptism is by immersion in tlie village, mill-poml at the dead hour of night. Ou Sunday they hold con tinuous Fervico, anil take n recots for meals ouly, refusing to read a nows pnpor, or avou to receive a Idler on that da;. Every Thnrfiday evening they held their meetings in tlie Gcliool-bouso, until a difficulty about tho caudles used led them to loave it, and they moot in nuy house in the neighbourhood where the spirit manifests itself. John lihiucsuiith, a wealthy ana well to-do farmer of the neighbourhood, is (tic chief wan of the band, and recently had bis. house rebuilt especially ti- acconimodalo the brethren ; one room resting on strong beams, it eUincJa the jumping ; but about a month ago an ardent member, in a paroxysm of fanaticism, declared that when filled by the Holy Ghost lio felt ae light ns air, aud even though they uiuped upon a lookiug gloss tlioy would nut so much as bruise il with a scratch ; wherc'ipan he began to leap upou tho stove-hearth nn 1 broke it off, aud then leaping ou the top broke in the frail covers, and finally smnsked a big rockiug-cbair before he subsided. lleccutly Rhiuesmith baptised Gilbert 0\. £-pcakor, a man of famiiy and a con vert to tire ucn faith, the baptism taking place in MiincGinitb'e mill-pond; before the members of tbe bund amid shouts and cries, tho whole gang at ono time . houtcd ' lire,' to the alarm of others in the neighbourhood, it being then after midnight. Ono of Uie hand told a reporter that as lie was at work in his barn he got the spirit, and that he ran one mile over ditches, am! fences before the spirit left him, aud all this time he vfas so elated that lie thought ho was flying. When jumping in cosUcy of the Holy Ghost, they say their spirit* rise above their bodies. They permit no person excepting those bclouginj; to the band, to join with them in singing or jumping, or any other of their exorcises, although no objection is made lo the attendance, of outsiders at the meetings of the band. A dozen will have Ihc ll.ior at once pounding and kicking, aud the whole crowd seeniB worked up to a fearful fitate of uKulcincnt — some jumping until they fall, the women shrieking in the wildest roftTmer, tmti others praying, whistling, or puffing, as for a wager. They permit no levity on the part of tiw young folks during tliuir uroeeed dings. Mr Cobb, one of the band, is tlionght to be growing insane under the excitement of his religious pbronsy. There is no doubt that U10 members of the band are sincere cnUiuBiasti. Tile society now numbers over 500 members. — Ntw York Ttlegram to the Cmcimati Commercial. 