THE UN1VESSAL1STS. (FB0M UECrUBBS BT ME O. C. LEECH, CASK* MAINE ) The god of the Hebrews was s il'je* Being, bnt we cannot' avoid the momenta! conclusion that the All Perfect God, tbe I/® of Heaven and Earth, whom we believe to K without variableness or shaduw of turning,jw Is above all wrath and jealousy, was notdepM by the Hebrews, although their represents® approached more nearly to divine (>erf«V than that of any other people. I speak not« .the opening pages of the book of where, If we accept literally the story ® ."J M of zfi&n;, and do not take it in itsdleg and historical sense, but take it in the orwo® manner, we are led to the strange and et»rt« conclusion that the Almighty Creator pW? onr first parents in the world pure mm®? the first instance, bnt with proclivities» nature to sin; that with a knowledge of®® proclivities, He placed them in tempt»™ when He had a foreknowledge thev would J^ to th at temptation, and dri d«m to roiii but millions That not bnly-did He place onr firav jj the scene of temptation foreknowing tWT®, yield to tbe temptation but that Beato*^ and predestined a portion of AdamsP!®~j to be saved and a portion to be lost is taught arid believed in by a large PW™", the Protestant Church, and has, since the Great Reformation of same theology in fact as w»b taught V am. tine of Hippo. The catechism of the ^ of Scotland runB somewhat Ultra:—. e whereas all mankind were damnantion, only some were elected BI^V, everlasting life." This waa the Ajg^J faith, and it is now the faith of the Scotland, to the large extent of the tionalists, and, In a modified ' onn '" off m Anglican Chnreh. I will not waste yo®^ as reasonable and intelligent men t>L® snch a proposition with argument iw ^ see at once that the almighty, fhA MNM " NN» NLOMI KIN A-AATURCS ID ^LJ and the most horrid libel ever P^, 1 ?^ divine juBttce, for a God who wf" si* would not be a God bat«Bend. are Bent into foreign Unto to teach tbis o 01 am boldto say that in Africa, darkneffikhd euperstMon,L^^Jbow ^ and, there never was a more <uw°»r DMDMnted propagated. Tha The Arminisn Armmian creeo » . merciful, for it tells as that all saved, Bayea, bnt DUt it alBo It SiBO tells tells us that UB God^ij " s oil ll things, and *w that m.n> many wiU I be d» n,D t „ m»,) without being consulted, or Ills n, bpji ga^ked, is liuocbed into tliis world Sth these inward proclivities which lead him to commit sin—we are told there is no good thine in — an<^ *kat knows beforehand that he will yield to sin and be for ever lost. That Abraham, the Chaldean, had a, true idea of the character of God there is no doubt, bnt big correct conceptions were not bonded down In unimpaired purity to prosperity, but became corrupted. Take for instance the story of the oropoKd sacrifice of his son. Do von believe (bis old legend that God really tempted him to cat the throat of his eon ? How should he bive received such a command 1 Would he not have suspected the angel who spoke to bim of beiDg some evil spirit rather than a messenger from God f Of such an event wonld God not foreknow the result t Foreknowing the result, wherefore the necessity of theexperiment Are we not to believe that this is some sublime allegory to teach us a grand lesson of faith. The loss of spirituality, and of the desire in tbe human heart for tbe possession of spiritual pfts began very early in the churches. Even bffSre the first century had passed away and ton-arils the second and beginning of tbe third CPDtnries the decadence was very great First of all the teachers began to loBe sight of those strong fundamental truths which were for centuries the foundation and strength of Judaism —namely, the firm belief in one God. In the only days of Christianity the only teachers were Jews. They were strongly imbued with the idea of God being one, and ±h»t doctrine they kept entire in all tbeir teachinps. But when converted pagans, ^bo had been brought up in Polytheism, began to teach, they introduced * latitudiiiarinnism into the doctrines of Christianity. As an instance, I may cite this one fact Take t his book {the Bible) encumbered as it is with many traditions, interpolations, and pious frauds, introduced by translators in the time of Jnmes the First—take the book, I say, as it is, and I am bold to challenge any man to point ont any chapter in which divine homage to Jesus is inculcated as a religious duty. A (itrson of my acquaintance remarked to me on one occasion that he observed throughout my. vhile cervices no word of supplication or prayer ms addressed to Jesus. I replied that, although I differed from him in addressing < he Throne of Grace, I had Bible teaching to guide me in my prayers. 1 take tbe model of prayer which Jesus Christ himseif has given. He teaches us to soy, "Our Father, which art in heaven." In that model 1 find no mention of homaee to himself. And there is not the slightest direction from Jesus CbriBt for tbe substitution of the Son of God, the servant for the master, and the messenger for the sender. But after a time tbe converted Pagan teachers began to rffer prayers to Ji-sus Christ The Pagan philosophers challenged them for their .inconeistency, and they replied that he was God. From this beginning there became a new hierarchy. It was then, aud not till then, we heard of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost Then of tbe mother of God, Mary. Aud, lastly,heaven began to be peopled by saints —occasionally persons whose lives were by no means reputable—not demigods as formerly. As a specimen of saints, let me tell you who the patron saint of English Chivalry was. St George was a resident of Cappadocia, and he obtained several contracts to supply tbe Roman nrmy with food. By disreputable means he amassed great wealth, and narrowly escaped prosecntion for embezzlement and fraud. In his latter days he acquired a taste for theological study, and he is now the patron saint of tbe English chivalry. 