DALBY. A GREAT many troubled looks have been cast at the sky during the last two days. The heavy clouds that have lowered about us have caused many to think that we are in for another dose of rain and as the lambing season has just commenced, ram at present would be a great drawback, if not a calamity. But, after all, I think we shall have fine weather for a time at least, for I find that some great authority (Saxby, I think) in speaking on this subject, says- The nearer the time of the moon's change, first quarter, full, and last quarter, are to midnight, the farewell to the weather during the next seven day stand as the change to full moon (vide Pugh) takes place on the 6th day of the present month, at 65 minutes, 19 seconds past 11 o'clock, p in the next seven days thereafter should be super- fine, for it is almost impossible to get nearer to midnight than that with such a cumbrous article to deal with as a full moon. People interested may, therefore, take heart and rely upon good weather for ten days to come. The temperature is very agreeable, there is an excellent spring observable in the grass, and crops are looking blooming. It would seem that all the up-country rivers and creeks have run themselves out sufficiently to be crossable, no mails now arrive with most commendable punctuality. At this time of year, when so many men will be handling sheep probably for the first time it might be as well to note that annual poisoning is not unknown hereabout, as witness the unfortunate affair at Weranga twelve mouths or so ago, and now we have another instance of what a more scratch may lay a man liable to. About two months since a tradesman in this town, whilst removing lamps from a horse, chipped one of the knuckles of his right hand against the horse's teeth. He paid no attention to the scratch until the hand and arm swelled so that medical aid had to be called in. The doctor cured the great blotch that had resulted from the scratch, but another great blotch broke out farther up the arm, and when that was cured another and yet another here and there all over the arm came like the ghosts in " Mac beth," and up to the present time (since the accident) that man has not earned a shilling, and it is very difficult to say when he may have the full use of his right arm again. Now, such a thing as this ought to induce caution in those who have the handling of sheep for the first time (old hands know how to look out), and take care that no accidental scratch remains unattended to for a single hour longer than can be prevented, Poraonutors who got away from the polling i booths at the late election have not yet got I I quite away from the strong arm of the law. It seems the police are actively endeavoring to ferret out a few of them who are well known, and as the Returning Officer is understood to be " death on " this kind of thing, it may yet go unpleasantly hard with some of those gentry, and it will serve them right, do them good, and act as a caution to others if one or two of them get mules in the full penalty, or sent to gaol for a few months Volunteer ing in Dalby is not likely to come to much We had a Volunteer Fire Brigade once, and it went along. We are to have a Volunteer Rifle Brigade, but the very idea of that has expired, and strangely enough of the same cause as killed its predecessor. In the V.F.B. everyone wanted to be something else than what he was, and the mildest aspiration was to be an officer. in the idea of a V R B the list of captains, lieutenants, and lieutenants, and so on down to sergeants could have been made full and complete, but when it was compiled tin ore would not be a private on the roll, far less a member of the awkward squad. There is a great deal of sickness about at pro sent, and deaths have been frequent amongst the children. The cause of sickness seems to be fever and ague and rheumatism amongst the elder, with whooping cough, croup, and daph thoria amongst the younger portion of the community. From careful observation I am inclined to think that the worst is past, and if the weather acts as suggested in the last paragraph of this letter, it will no doubt complete the cure. Dullness has again claimed Dalby for its own There is not anything, therefore, to record about the state of the markets or of general trade beyond the word, " atuguatian"-that is, total stag nation, with a strong tendency to decay, it may be remarked, however, that some few dray loads of wool, probably the fag end of last sea son's clip have arrived in town lately, and have caused remark, if not some trade, and it is hoped these teams are only the precursors of whole strings of others to arrive in the not distant future.-Correipondent D D Gazette From the Dalby Herald of Saturday last we extract the following vi of have received a sample of potted meat, prepared by Mr. Spriggs, of this town, and which bids fair to become an important local industry. The meat, which is enclosed in tins, has an excellent flavor, and will be found a very acceptable addition to the breakfast to be. To bushmen and travellers it will be invaluable, forming as it does a most desirable change to the salt meat or the everlasting sardines The tins are about the size of a small sardine box, but the quantity of nourishing food each contains is asserted to be equal to four or five pounds of beef,. We learn that a tolerably good town trade is being done in the article, and large orders have been received to supply the diggings to the north, win you sample shipment was dispatched several months since, and lining lately become a great favorite with the d ggers We recommend our readers to try the article, as we feel assured that it will be found superior to the potted meat imported from Europe, being both more juicy and more whole- some About noon, Wednesday, a stack of hay belonging to Mr. M'Leod, of the Caledonian Hotel, was discovered to be on fire, and before measures could be taken to extinguish it the stack was covered with Haines and destroyed Fortunately, the fire was prevented communicating with any other portion of the premises It originated in the children belonging to the house taking a box of matches and amusing themselves by igniting them near the stack Several large flocks of sheep are at present passing through this district. Two days since, 14,000, belonging to Mr. Davenport, crossed the creek en route for Clifton, where they are to be converted into preserved meat 'They are from Mount Abundance, near Roma. Another flock belonging to Mr. Page, of the Clarence River, New South Wales, passed through yesterday. We have not learnt where they were purchased, but they are also intended to be converted into meat for the home market. We also learn that a flock of 7000 wethers, really prime, from Mr. Geary's still on, Claverton, Warrego, are in the neighborhood. They are going to Mr. Tooth's station, near Warwick, that gentleman having, we understand, become the purchaser. These sheep are spoken of as some of the best in the colony. Claverton is to be converted into a cattle run, and the sheep are, therefore, being cleared off. 