EXTHAOHDINARy SPIRITUAL PHE NOMENA. We leatn from an article in the Queen that the Earl of Dunravcn and Lord Adarc hare printed for private circulation a volume of considerable size, containing 50 carefully prepared reports of as many sittings with Mr Home the celebrated medium. The Earl of Dunraven introduces these reports with a preface, in which he states that he went to the investigation completely sceptical, and left it completely convinced. The investi gations were made at Dunraven Castle and at Lord Dunravcn's n-ansion in Lon doD. They were iliue made where only such an examination would be of any value — in the house of tbc cxamincr, where he may be positively se cured against the possibility of imposture by prc-amuigenient of mechanism. Their re ports ore said to be very remarkable. Both attest to having secu Mr Home raised from the floor and carried round the room more than once, in their own saIoue, with none present but a few personal friends, and therefore making collusion impossible, and precluding the common explanation of delu sion by the presence of six witnesses to the same fact at the same moment. These cer tify not merely to having seen, but to hav ing measured an expansion of Mr Home's body by 6 feet in height. They have seen him carry live coals in his hand and on bis head, his skin being unburnt, and his hair unsinged though themselves could not touch the coal without a burn. These are alleged to be miterial facts about which there can be no mistake. But the noble lords describe more, which is not capable of demonstrative proof, because it may be a subjective and not an operative operation ; that is to say, the image may be in the mind only, and not actu ally ex istisg without. But, however, to be ex plained, both assert that they have repeatedly seen spirit forms in the room. They describe them as being extremely shadowy, rather outlines than shapes, and therefore the psychologist may be excused for Betting them to the account of ' the mind's eye instead of the body's eye. This, observes the writer of the article referred' to, is a common and a very probable result of the adop tion of the Spiritualist view of the phenomena that undoubtedly accar; seeing unaccountable motions, and hearing inex plicable sound* that do communicate some thing that is intelligible, though not always intelligent, the majority of spectators, unabit to And a ready »olution in physiology, at onoe wttkemto tiie «ocountT-rf ?jirii*— which is a convenient solution, for it will account f r anything. Profoundly convinced that all is tlie work of «pirits, it is not sur prising that they should expect to catch some glimpses of the invisible beingB whom they believe to be moving about them. They strain their eyes to see. The wish is father to the thought. By an every-day tendency of the mind to think it sees what it expects to flee, images really formed in the mind and exist only there, are readily supposed to be, and to the individual really appear to bo external objects ; and thus, as ghosts are seen by those who believe and fear, so spirits are seen by those who, firmly believing them to be there, in fact hope and perhaps expect to see them there ; and when supposed to be seen, the description always given of a dim outline or shadow, somewhat indistinct, be trays at once the true nature of the vision ; it is within, and not without. But of all this conjoint production of Lord Dunraven and Adarc should be read, if only as physical curiosities, and as demonstrating that it is not altogether an imposture or a delusion, and that there is some substantial truth at the , bottom of a great superstructure of imagination which it behoves the scientific world, and above all the physiologist, to in vestigate for himself. ? « ? 