CHAPTER X. BILDA A2xD HER LOVER. *; Did you ever love any one eke, ever, ever, as you do me, Cleevy ?" asked Hilda de Vere in passionate tones, her head on her lover's anc, her hand clasped in his. " Did you ? did you J did you i" " What a question," he said evasively what makes you ask it" "Did you," she cries imperiously, and springing away from his side, she stood tiefore him with eyes that read his soul, and looked in her regal dominance of spirit th« very Queen of Tempest embodied. "What if I had?" "If you had! Have you?'5 His manner had altered from its ardour. He turned from her. Something of the old golden days, vague yearnings for what had fceen in their most wintry hours, and never came here even to bless consenting love and fccilliant beauty, rushed upon him, all inopportunely, and made him false to even liis faithlessness. They came thronging forth, tiiese alluring memories, from some , long closed chamber of . his brain, like ghosts of those who sleep in graves, and they fettered fcim with a spell mightier than all the warm, fre&utiful; present. Aye. "The old scene, the sunshine and the shade, all things per taining to that place and time, and her who *was his destiny came back, forcing themselves Joetwixt him and the light-what business^ hid they there at such a time ?" "It was Allie Grayson, and you loved lier," [said Hildas with disdainful hauteur. "(to, and sue the bride of another, but come Lere no more I" and she turned to go. Than the air castles vanished, and the ghosts fled away, and the thing that had lived in his iieart fainted and fell down, and he crushed it. beneath his heeL He passed on to where Lis betrothed was retreating from him, "I never loved any other," he said in a steady cLetermined tone on reaching her, " never ! I will swear it if you wish or if you doubt my word. As to Miss Grayson, she is almost my aversion." He feared to say more, but his im petuosity gratified the deep enmity, the mean epite he felt when he thought of her. " You nee, she's an old hand, and 1 may have flirted a little at first, but when I found she was in awful earnest. I was obliged to let her see it wouldn't do. Its no easy matter to get out cf her toils, I assure you, but I was obliged , to point out to her notice that a man may not marry his grandmother," and he attempted a foolish laugh, but it jarred tils agreeably on the thoughtful girl's ear. "Strange," she said with returning gentle jiesa, yet with something of doubting uncer tainty in her tone, "She must havecared very much for you then, for it really is very'unlike 5ber," and then smiling with arch reproof she Vrent on, "You're a bad boy, Cleevy, to go and break her heart, and I won't forgive you, t>ir. - Jn behalf of the sex I shall resent your ? unknightly- scorn of Miss Grayson, and will j treat you as you deserve." " As he deserved!" The words came strangely to his ear, and even as he re possessed himself of Hilda's hand, some thing penetrated beyond his gross sensual . coarseness, and asked him in his inmost heart %rhat he really did deserve. But he had .made his peace, and this pleased him, for though affection was not to him as to Acton, ' noble even in his very errors, a necessity, a Vife wasso, and so he carednot ho whe lulled ' lier suspicions, how attained his ends. 