MISCELLANEOUS BEADiNO. Neablt Drowned bt a Wateh-Dog.— The following -adventure may serve as a 'warning to others : — I took my first hath of the season in the beautiful and retired pool below the weir at Odney, near Cockham. This pool, like most of the- - weirs on the. Thames, is known to be dangerous . when much water - is coining down, as the tinder-currents . are very strong, flowing directly back beneath the upper down current until .they, reach the boarding, which is ex tensively undermined. As. the water was low, no danger was to be apprehended on this score, even by a- poor swimmer out of practice like myself. I had with me a young retriever of a very large breed, a famous swimmer, whom un heeding! left .upon the : bank .untied. While swimmingonmyback, andaplaBhingwittiniyfeet, friend; Sollo, thinking, doubtless, his master was in a bad way, hastened with all ; speed towards me; having turned on my breast, I was then swimming leisurely i» way to about thej middle of the pool, ? which is 15 feet deep.; When I felt the dog ;close upon me, I struck) out hard, but I could not get away, his claws; scratching my back, and bobbing my nose under water repeatedly, till he sent me right under by putting.his paws on' my shoulders. When II came up, out of -breath, and with mouth full of water, at his side, I yelled out as well as I could, 'Quiet, Bollo J' This was heard above; the noise of the waterfall, and attracted the attention of some. gentlemen near the. bridge; but it failed in its effect on my poor dogj who, delighted to see me above water again, began fondling, and ^tgain . putting ? his paws on myj shouldera'and head, sentme down under water, ever so far. Thinking. my only chance was .to! dive from him underi water, ; I turned, under! the water, and struck out as fast as possible,' and as long as Iconldieep under. . The boat-| Hian tells me he 'had seen or heard none of this.! swimming towards the other side of the pool,! when turning round at this moment, neither I nor the. dog were in sight, and he got alarmed,! as .1 kept so very long under water. He says the dog most have dived after me. When I came up, greatly spent and out of breath, to. my horror the dog was close to me.. Again and again he was upon me. When I came up the last time, gasping and exhausted, I hit the dog with all my might, hard on the tender part i of his nose, driving him away three or four yards.: I then struck out for the shore with all my strength — a race for dear life — iny faithful. dog close at my heels. ? It . was with heartfelt thank fulness I touched the ground with my knees, and with an utter exhaustion I staggered the two paces to the bank, and fell down with heaving chest and gasping breath, unable to move; whilst my poor dog licked me all over to show his gladness at my having got out safe. Having had so narrow an -escape with life, for most likely the dog would have prevented those from diving after me who were ready to help me (and whom I now beg most sincerely /to 'thank), I think it, my duty to warn others, as few know what a dangerous companion a dog is in the water,' unless, indeed, it is specially broken ia, ©r swimming with those who, unlike the writer, are perfectly at home in the midst of the deep: — W, J. Q., ia. Land and Water. Pbovebbs.^— It may be worth while to con sider how it is that proverbial literature ' is so much out of date.' It survives, if at all among us, only in its worst' form, in. 'the. melancholy productions of the weekly comic press, and in the burlesques of our modern London theatres. The emblematise of 'old: Teutonic art have of late years been looted at, but they have met with little approval The fact is, that quibbles, verbal or pictorial, irritate sound taste. Hobbes spoke of a laughter as a sudden glory ; but puns and forced antithesis and mere verbal: joking are addressed to the lower faculties. It is the mere ear, or the mere eye, ~which is affected ; and the in ward man rebels Lat this pandering to the senses rather than the faculties. It is not a sudden glory, but a sudden contempt, which is provoked by the acrostic-mongers,' punsters, and the writers of traveBty. As we listen to a bur lesque of the present day, 'wefeel, -or fancy that we feel, something of the ineffable small ness of intellect, the minute misery which it must cost a prof essor of the art. of quibble to torture and contort words, and to debase thought, by grinding articulate speech into puns; ? We resent the affront, and scorn the tedious ingenuity. This sham humor addresses ?nly a barbarous, or at the most a half -educated, stage of the human mind ; ojc^— which it is to be feared is our own case— it flourishes in the Lower Empire age of popular intelligence. A taste for burlesque is a sure sign of intellectual decay. And proverbs, as we all kni-w,: are in vented, and are rife where the-powers of mind are not- rightly 'adjusted.- There is scarcely a common proverbial saying which' may riot be capped hy its contradictory, and in either case the proverb only expresses a half-truth, and is the result of a coarse and -inadequate generali zation of human life and manners.. The moral which a popular jwoverb' . Conveys is usually worthless, because it is unbalanced, and its morality becomes! valueless, if not, as it usually is, mischievous, because it ia not weighted and checked by an opposite and compensatingtruth. A proverb exactly hits the mental level of a shallow thinker ' or a narrow ? dogmatist ; and while an aphorism is the result of measured and balanced thought.ageneral proposition in morals is usually fallacious, and f therefore - misleading. In gener-M-us laiet falsiias ; and one service which the schoolmen rendered to thought, and whick has been lost since their labors have been ignorantly proscribed and idly ignored, was in their system of distinctions, qualifications, and abatements, of a proposition; A' proverb is the refuge of the unargumentative ; and if a : pistol will not fire, it may be used to knock a man down. There is no arguing with ^. proverb monger, because he only deals with ' assumed universals. A common ground is lacking to the disputants, and the proverb, instead of being the result of philosophic experiment, is rather the expression of vulgar empiricism and half knowledge. — Saturday Beview. Legends of the Dobhouse. — Ha ring spoken of rats, it may, perhaps, not be considered that we are flying off at a;tangentif we call attention to the dormouse. No - one now- beholding it would easily believe that it was once 'the largest animal in the world j when it stood up it looked like a mountain,9? and yet the Ojibwas have a tradition to that effect. They say that there was a time when the beast held dominion over the earth, and that it was their policy tp kill all the. representatives of the . genus homo, saving, one boy and girl, whom they .probably, thought they should be a Vie to keep in proper subjection. They evidently reckoned without their hosts. The heat of the sun spoilt a coat belonging to the boy ; now it was one which his sister had made from the skins of 10 birds, which had fallen before his own arrows, and he was very wroth that it was injured. So he set a snare of deer's sinew in the east, caught the sun just as it was about to rise upon the earth, and kept i% from proceeding any further. Then the animals were troubled as they watched in vain for the day, and debated among themselves as to how they wet* to free the fettered luminary. At length the mighty dormouse offered to con stitute himself a forlorn hope, so he crept nearer and nearer the ball of fire, growing hotter and hotter as he did so, and getting ' fine by degrees and beautifully less,' in conse quence. He persevered, however, in his mission, and gnawed through the thong which confined thje sun. The heaps of ashes produced by calcina tion from the back of the dormouse were wafted away by the winds, and the devoted animal never regained the magnitude which he had lost. In the myth of the sun-catcher, as told by the Dog-Bib Tnfjig.n^ the mole is the libe rator. 'It loBt its eyes, however, the instant it thrust its head into the light, and its nose and teeth have. ever since bean brown as if burnt.' Notwithstanding the Nbrwegiaia saying that 'Biorn, the bear had the wit of two, and the strength of seven men,' he carries about him a 'sign which' reminds the initiated of his being befooled by . that crafty gentleman, Master Keynard. One day the fox had been stealing a string of fish; on his way 'home with them he met the bear, whose mouth watered at the sight of such delicacies. 'Pray tell me where you obtained ' them,' asked Bruin. 'Caught them,* to be sure,' replied the thief. ' But ' how' did you manage to get so good a haul?'. 'Oh, it's the. easiest thing in the world.' I advise you to try for yourself. You must go upon the ice- and break a hole in it, through which you will drop your tail as a bait. Only be patient, and you will be sure to feel a bite.. The first nibble is raianer painful, but you must not mind 'this; only keep quiet, and in a short time you -will have quite ashbal of fish in tow. Then, with a sudden cross pull side ways, out with your tail, and the thing is done.'; The bear hastened to put the fox's directions into practice. : He broke the ice ana cast his liner1- his; tail, 'we mean — into the waters below: The process was certainly not verjr * agreeable, .but the .prospect of a good dinner makesrinen and. ' bears do wonders. At length, Lord Bruin thought he might venture to Iahd'nis'prey, so with a long pull, a strong pull, and a cross pull, he Btrove to bring his tail to light again, Alas.! the ice had frozen hard fifaond it, and it* broke off. short; wherefore bears are stumpy-tailed unto this day. — Notes on ZTii- ITatural History. Swimmebs' 'Cbame. — On a fine summer's day some men are bathing in the. sea. One of them, au excellent swimmer, suddenly cries out, ' I'm drowning !' sinks,- and is no more seen until his dead body floats ashore some hours afterwards. This was the case with Mx. Gr. Waugh, whose lamentable death was noticed in the journals a few days since, and the dreadful incident was but a repetition of what occurs several times each bathing : season.- How, is this terribly sudden drowning to be explained? The victim is generally said to have been attacked by cramp, and manuals advert to the subject, and direct 'the swimmer who is sp, seized to thrust his leg put violently, and forcibly. bend his foot! upwards. , The explanation seems to . be gene- ! .rally, accepted, but it does not really explain ! this awfully mysterious sinking.. We do not need to ask a good swimmer whether cramp in the. . leg, however severe, would cause him to . sink suddenly, and without a struggle, ; in the sea.. It is impossible. The human: body is specifically lighter than water, and so ; much lighter than sea-water that no effort is required to preserve it from sinking in that fluid. . A swimmer, seized with leg- cramp would: instinctively throw his head as far back as it would go, conscious that he might remain afloat in this position without the need of moving a muscle. The unfortunate swimmer; who drowns under these circumstances always goes down suddenly, and without a struggle.; This signifies that the body suddenly becomes heavier than water. It can only do that by losing the air which is contained within the cavity of the chest, and the pro bability seems to be that the cramp whichhap pens is a cramp of the respiratory muscles, by which the expansion ef the lungs is prevented,' or their air forced out. Death would then oc cur as it often takes place in tetanus.. This is. a subject which has strangely escaped observation. Enquiry must, of course, be limited, for there is no opportunity of question ing the unfortunate victims ; but the testimony of observers, or of those who have them selves, experienced any kind of cramp in bathing, might be usetully brought to bear upon it. The feeling of insecurity, which these cases occasion io swimmers is. terrible. Could we but ascertain the exact circumstances, it is conceivable that some measures might be devised by which their occurrence could be prevented. ..It, must be remembered that swim ming implies a very much more violent muscular exercise than fs apt to appear. It seems pro bable — though it is by no means; certain — that the muscles of respiration, which are poweri fully employed in swimming, may occasionally be seized with cramp as 'a result of unusual exertion, with the effect we have described of causing compression of the chest. If such- be the case it is tolerably certain that regular and graduated: gymnastic exercise would be the surest, safeguard against an -affection of muscles arising from, their being suddenly called upon to perform unusual exertion of severe character. — Lancet. The Foot asd Mouth Complaint. — We are indebted to Land and Water for a description of the foot arid mouth disease, 'epizootic aphtha,' which is at this moment raging with fearful violence in some parts of England. The affection, says our contemporary, is of a highly contagious nature, and consists of a vesicular eruption on the tongue, mouth, teats, and between the 'digits of the feet, which, if neg lected, runs on to suppuration and ulceration, which, if occurring on the feet, causes slough ing of the horn. It is moreover communicable from one animal to another ef a different species, as numerous experiments have proved. For instance, it has been communicated to the pig through the medium of food previously in salivated in the trough of an apthous ox. Calves and pigs have died after drinking milk drawn from affected cows. Hartwig, 'Villain, and Maun, for the sake of experiment, drank the warm milk of an apthous cow, and produced upon themselves an eruption similar to that of epizootic aphtha. This fact earnestly: demands our consideration, as, at the present; moment, hundreds of persons probably are daily consuming milk txken from aphthous cattle which is calculated, aa above shown, to produce disease, and; ? under certain circum stances, capable of operating fatally. This; disease, which runs its course in about nine or. ten days, usually yields to treatment, which consists in washing the mouth twice daily with' a weak solution of sulphuric acid and water, and the affected feet with carbolic acid' and water. The lotion which we are in the habit of . prescribing for the diseased teats is composed of nitre and water, : Sometimes the vesicles are broken down during the1 opera tion of milking,. and sores are oieated, in which case it is good treatment to keep the -sores clean, arid to dress, after every milking, with glycerine. Mild aperients and diuretics should be given every other day during the progress of this malady; The spreading of 'foot and mouth complaint' could be in a great measure prevented1 Were the wise laws prescribed in Mr; Forster's Bill in active operation. At present, unfortunately, diseased cattle are allowed to travel on roads, and are placed in pastures adjacent to fields where healthy stock feed, and from whai we have stated it can be easily understood how readily the whole of our cattle may be affected with ' foot and mouth' com plaint unless strict isolation is made com^ pulsory. Ill- Ventilated KooM3.^Every time you breathe you breathe two different breaths ; you take in one, you give out another. The breath which has been breathed out must not be breathed in again. Those who habitually take in fresh breath, will probably grow up large, strong, ruddy, cheerful, active, clear-headed,' fit for their work. Those who habitually take in their breath which has been breathed out by themselves, or any other living creature, will certainly.grow up, if they grow up at all, small weak, pale, nervous, depressed, unfit for work, and tempted continually to resort to stimulants, and become drunkards. If you want to see how different the breach breathed out is from the breath taken in, you have only to try a somewhat cruel experiment, but one which -people , too often try upon themselves, their children, and their work-people. If you take any small animal with lungs like your own — a mouse, . for instance — and foroe it to breathe no air but what you have breathed already ; if you put it in a close box, and while you take in breath from the outer air, send out your breath, through a tube, into that box, the animal will soon faint ; if you go on long with this process, it will die. Take a second instance, which I beg to _press most seriously on the notice of mothers, governesses, and nurses. If you allow a child to get into the habit of sleep- ' ing with its head under the bed-clothes, and thereby breathing its own breath over and over , again, that child will assuredly grow pale, weak, and ill. Medical men have cases on record of ! scrofula appearing in children previously healtfiyT which -could only be^ accounted' for from tthis habit, and which ceased wh«ti«ther ihabit stopped. Let me again entreat your atten tion to this undoubted- fact. Tak£0 another instance, which fa only too common ;-jjf yoirare in a crowded room, with plenty of fire and lights and company, doors and windows all shuttjgfe^ how often you feel faint— ao faint, that you may require smelling-salts'or some other stfrhulftnfc; The cause of your f airitness is juist the samesuj that of the mouse's -fainting in the box: you and your friends, and, as I shall show 'you' pre- sently, the fire and the ^candles likewise, having been1 all breathing each other's breaths; over and. over again, till the air has becctme unfit to support life. You arelloing your-besttcr enact ever again the Highland tragedy, «f which'Sir James Simpson tells in his lectuVesto thecwork ing classes of Edinburgh, when at a Christmas meeting, 36 persons danced all night in a small room with a low ceiling,- keeping the doors and windows shut. The atmosphere of the room was noxious beyond description ; and the effect was that seven of the party were soon after seized with typhus fever, of which two died. You are in flicting on yourselves- the torments ^of the poor dog who is kept at the Grotto' del Oane, Hear Naples— to be stupefied, for the amusement of visitors, by the carbonic acid gas of theOrotto, and. brought to life again by 'beirigidraggedintn the fresh 'air ; nay, you are inflicting upon your selves the torments of the 'famous BlacK'Hole of Calcutta ; and,' if there wa3 no chimney in the room by which some fresh air could enter j the candles would soon burn blue (as they do, you know, when ghosts appear), your brains become disturbed, and yeu yourselves run' the risk of becoming ghosts, and the -'candles of actually going out.— Jfep. G. Kingtley,m Good Words. j ' Bumping' a Catholic I^BiEaT.1— A curioua scene occurred at Hanwell, on the 'occasion of the perambulation; of-,the .parish bounds by the overseers, cnurchwardens, , and other public functionaries of the -place; ' A large crowd-had assembled in. front of the Duke of York Inn, where iiie party were to finish' their 14 miles' journey, and the! crowning ceremony was to be a public dinner,- to wnich the clergy, tne ins senting .minister, and the Catholic priest, the Rev. Dr. Lairig, were invited. There Deinga slight interval, .the crowd amused themselves as best . they could ; but when the .Bey. \Dr. Laing crossed the road, a party of the rougher sort surrounded the 'rev. gentleman, demanded: that he should be 'bumped,' rudely seized him by his legs and arms, bore him forward: amidst tremendous shouts, and in the presence of greatly increased numbers of people, .not withstanding his loud protestations, and. even his repeated attempts to escape, .from the in dignity, they- thrice violently 'humped*. him; against, the sign-pole which stands in front of the inn. Dr. Laing being of a rather corpulent disposition, the operation was by no means an easy or pleasing one, arid even when it was over he was still beset as he rushed into the. Duke of York,. and was glad to compound for a hon repetltion of the ''bumping' process by acced ing to the extortion of the mob, rand paying for a libation of beer. A police-officer JErjorh. the vicinity, a reporter from the next parish, and others had to go through' similarly rough treat ment; and it is intended to summon jibe prin cipal roughs for the assault upon the constable. Painful Case.— At the Thames Police Court, Mary Knighton, aged '28 years, was brought up, charged with running away and ^leaving her child chargeable to the parish of 'All' Saints, Poplar. The case was a very remarkable one. The prisoner is a widow. She had one child by her late husband, and after his death she lived for five years with a man named Morris. Their quarrels were frequent, and she often left him, obtained a precarious living,' and returned to Morris again. On the 12th of May she left him for the last time, and her . child, about eight -years, was abandoned .to .the care of Morris. He took it to the house of a woman named Lewis, and conveyed the^hild to Poplar Workhouse, and the Union was obliged to take charge of it. The prosecuting; officer of the Poplar Union, had been directed to ask; the Magistrate to punish tie prisoner for running away arid leaving her child, chargeable to the . Union. The prisoner's defence was that «he thought Morris would have .taken care of the child as he had done before. Morris said he had done with the prisoner for ever. She turned pale, at this announcement, trembled excessively, and. .would hare fallen if she, had not clung' to; the top of the dock. She asked him what he meant, to which he replied, 'Why, I was married this morning, and here is my wife,' pointing to a little woman in the Court. A deadly pallor over spread the prisoner's face. She .raised her hands deprecatingly, and. endeavored to speak, but in vain. The Magistrate— A romantic wedding-day, ce^dnly. Morris —.This Js a beautiful wedding-day ; for me. ~ ;Mr. Benson' 8aid.that the prisoner; and Morris had ao. claim on each other. They* must pari, and for ever. He was very far. from: being satisfied that the prisoner intended, to deseit the child?oor to; desert. her paramour ; and after living :with him: five years she might have thought, he would: maintain the child. The prisoner must be dis charged. The prisoner fainted. directly she. was discharged, and a medical -man: was sent; for, who declared her situation to be very critical. . . * Pboposed Ship Canal feom Newabk to; New Yoek- — Books are opened in this city' ' for ? subscriptions to the capital stock ($6,0 0,000); of the proposed ship oanal between. Newark arid! New York. The line of constructioin is to be from the lower* part' of Newark over the! Meadows to Newark Bay; th'ence in an almost, direct air-line over Bergen Neck to the channel' of the Hudson River, near Bedloe's Island. The canal is to have between^ the channel and the Bergen Neck shore a width' of 300' feet, and to bs of sufficient depth to accom-i modate the largest vessel that may enter the1 ports of this city. Piers, filled in with earth: and stone, axe to be built along each' side of thei canaL These are expected to be particularly serviceableforwarehousirig purposes. The width, of the cut over Bergen Neck wUl be200 feet ; its; depth, 10 or 12 feet belowrlow water mark ; its: length about one mile. The eastern shore of Newark Bay is then reached. The water here' being shoal, artificial excavations will be made; till it shall have attained a desirable depth ;: and. for the protection of the sides of, the. canal. ? no less than to afford^ additional facilities for' wharfage, piers will line this as the section' below. Crossing Newark Bay, the canal will; be continued up to the City of Newark. Thei artificial navigation' thus created will, it is. thought, on account of tne greater depth of the water, and because of the distance to' this city, be far superior to navigation by the Passaic; River. A further advantage which Newark will: derive from the construction, of this canal will be the gain of nearly six miles of wharf pro perty, which is even at present much needed. On the completion of the canal it is proposed: to run ferry boats over it half -hourly.' The length of time whioh it is estimated a trip either way will consume is but 40 minutes— less time than it takes to go by rail at present from' here to Newark. The proposed ferriage will he particularly serviceable to those who find it, economy to do their transpbrtafion by team. To say nothing of the saving in the wear and tear of the horses and waggons, there will be a; saving of actual outlay. It is expected that transportation over this ferriage will cost no more than the rconey now spent for toil and ferriage. The estimated cost of construction,1 will be between $5,000,000 and $6,000,000. Thei value of property alone created by its construe-, tion will reach, it is thought, between1 $12,000,000 and $13,000,000.— Ntw York Tribune. ] The Deepest Oolliert dst-Enoland.— Thei reputation which DunMnfield enjoyed as the; deepest colliery in England has terminated, and' the honor has been taken to another part of Lancashire. Last week flags and banners proudly floated over the head-gear of the Rose Bridge Collieries, situate near to Wigan,.the; Arley seam having been reached at a depth of 810 yards. The shaft from which the Arleyj coal will be drawn is 16 feet in diameter, and] was commenced so far back as June 6, 1860,j the Cannel having been reached March 3, 1862,1 after passing through thev ordinary seams worked in the Wigan district. After getting f&e;' 'greater' patt~ot'tke Caanel- serai, theVTrork of. reaching- , the Yard: and Arley 'seams was conmeneea, the latter of which was reached on July 17, and that without any accident whatever. The power of the steam-engine has been such as to show that almost any ariiount of' power can be 'obtained in drawing, for here *#e find a weight of three tons exclusive of the rope) raised from a deptnof 810 yards in from 60 to 70 seconds. With re gard *to the new pit, we have another proof that-cfial^'can be safely worked at a much fereaterdepth than has hitherto been considered probable, «id' that the experiments made by ftr. Luptori and others, and from which they have given it as their opinion that coal can be worked' at from 8,000 to 10,000 ft. from tha surface will be clearly demonstrated when car ried' into practice. Therefore, there are many valuable seams of coal lying at great depths wiiicfr ^will yet be reached and worked, so ''that scarcely any limit can be plaee-*r as to the lime when the pro bable exhaustion of our present known coal fiolds is likely to take place. Another im portant problem will in some measure be solved — that relating to the temperature in mines at certain depths. The temperature, which in creases witti ihe depth, has -at 4,000 feet been assumed to be 120° , in which no man could work-; but it is evident now that the ventila tion earn' be made so good as to reduce the heat in a mine, even at a greater depth than haa hitherto- been thought possible, and to mak« it such. as to allow of healthy labor in it.: In. several parts of the Continent there are -fits much .deeper than any of those at present being .' worked in England. At a colliery in Belgium, in the Hainault dis trict, the coal is being worked at a depth of 2,820Ieet,i or 940 yards ; and at the Colliery de Viviers, near Charleioi, the depth is 3,411 feet, or 1,1371 yards. Neither of the collieries named have one perpendicular shaft through which the coat is/brought from the bottom to the surface. Sojfar, therefore, it may be concluded that th« Ross Bridge new pit has the deepest perpen dicular, shaft known, and the coal raised, from a greater-depth thanat any colliery inthe kingdom. It may also he saicl that it is byno means clear, as has-been generally assumed, that all coal below: a depth i 'of 4,000 feet will for ever remain i below our xe8*ih.~Mining Journal. r LdNGivirr :of Geeat Lawyebs.— By the speech' which he delivered in the House of Peers, , Lord St. Leonards has added another to the' list of achievements which we link with the advanced; years of such men as Brougham a,nd;Lyndh.urst.T Lord St. Leonards is eighty eight years of age. He is old enough to have some faint recollections of the French Eevo lution. When Gie battle of Waterloo was fought he: was more than thirty years of age; when the first Beform Bill was passed he was more than, fifty; and by the time that the Cbrn Laws had 'been repealed he was already an old man. He has lived through the reigns of the First as well as the Third Napoleon. He has seen the Administrations of Pitt, Liverpool, Portland, Sidmouth, Canning, Grey, PeeL EusselL Palmerston, Derby, Disraeli, and Gladstone. His memory extends over nearly the whole of a most eventful century. And yet, in spite of his exceptional age, and of the hard work which he had to endure when at the bar, he last night spoke for fifty-five mi nutes. His voice, it is true, was low, and his articulation somewhat indistinct, but he ex hibited flashes of his old fire and vigor. The subject of his speech was congenial to his pro fessional habits of mind, being a protest against the design of the Government to apply the surplus suitors' fund of the Court of Chancery to the building of the new Law Courts. Even if the noble Lord's arguments be rejected, there is no one who would not be glad to see them stated' with so much clearness and vigor. — Lon- don Telegraph. MADBmA. — The cultivation of the soil in Maderia is at present undergoing one of those radical- and remarkable changes which in times past have characterised the history of the island; ': There ia a tendency to effect a com plete substitution of the sugar-cane for the vine.' For 400 years one or other of the plants — iasibeen pre-eminent, the supremacy of the sugar-cane depending upon the defection of the vine', and the 'latter succeeding to the land when blight or .nujrfortune lead to the abandon ment -of the former. This time, however, the change is prompted by no such necessity, but rather -by- a knowledge of the value of Madeira wine1 and a growing demand for the produce by the preferences of the people, and by the un doubted capacity of the soil in its dryness, its sloping disposition, and general -qualities, to support ' the vine, and, perhaps, also by an instinctive foresight of the eventual, and not distant, termination of a culture exhausting in its nature, and comparatively unassisted by art. The failure of the sugar-cane is natural and inevitable in a soil unregenerated after the removal of a bulky crop. The vine is already covering the land in districts formerly known to -be best adapted to it; and, moreover, such is the industry of the people, that ground which, in thememory of man, has never before planted is now covered with the light refreshing foliage, and the heavy clusters of black and golden Madeira grapes hang luxuriantly from the trellises. There is further, it must be said, a tendency to resume the vine culture in regions which were never well suited to its maturation, and 'even:-, in well-watered valleys and upon deeper and richer soils the trellises are extend* ing where- the sugar-cane might be advan tageously retained. Fnsnpma the Mammoth.— In the year 1799, a chief of a native tribe was searching for ivory along the bank? of the Lena, when, to his great horror and fright.he saw a huge block of ice, and in it what he considered a beast of evil omen. He became ill from terror, but, on his recovery, remembering that the beast had tusks which were like those he was searching for, he again, visited the spot. There stood, all encased in transparent ice, a creature like an elephant in shape, 9£t. high and 16ft.' long, and with enormous tusks projecting for 8ft. or 10ft., and *- curving at their tips. The huge brute was hairy ; it had long black bristles all over it, and they wer.e from a foot to 16in. long ; it had also long red hair -covering the whole body, arid short fur. The chief waite.1 and watched for five year?. By the end of that time the ice had melted, and the mammoth presented itself in its, flesh and hairy hide U- the astonished natives. The tusks were cut off and sold, the neighboring inhabitants came with, their degs and feasted on : the carcase, and the wolves picked, the bones. Fortunately a naturalist heard of it, and collected the bones and speci mens of the hair, 301bs. weight of which were gathered from'.the wet sand bank on which the mammoth rested, and^the tusks he repurchased. He j carried the whole to the nearest' 'capital, St. Petersburgh, a distance of 7,330 miles, where it became one of the wonders of the world, arid -where it may still be seen in the museum of which it forms a most remarkable feaiure.— From tke'Worl3 of Wonders.*' Post-office Savustos Banks.— If the prospe rity of a country can be measured by the aggregate amount of the small savings of its poorer classeB, the annual return, of the Post office Savings Banks is the most satisfactory document of the year. Nearly twelve millions of money now stand to the credit of the nine hundred and sixty-five thousand depositors in. the iBank, and more than five millions and, a quarter were deposited during last year. The withdrawals during the year amounted to more than three millions and a half ; 289,366 new -aeeounts were opened, and 179,195 were closed. The average amount of each deposit was SL 0s. 8d.,and that of each withdrawal was 5/. 15s. 3d., while the average amount standing to each person's -credit is about 122. The com mercial depression of take past three years haa had comparatively small effect on these working class accumulations. The withdrawals have increased in slightly greater proportion than, in previous years, and the deposits in creased in 1867 in slightly less, proportion, but the absolute increase of the deposits was much greater last year than in any previous year since the Post-Office Savings Banks were established. These facts probably have less meaning than they seem to have, but they at least show that the.commercial depression has not diminished the savings of that large section of the classes who 'Use the Po»t-Offioe Banks.— Daily Ifews, 