A POOR MAN ON A TENDER SUBJECT. I Si.W a song o£ a publican, A wicked man was ho, And lie kept tho Goat and Compasses For thirty years and ttiree. To all the people round about, Ho sold uo end of beer ; Very strong bear it was, I wot, " In the season of the year." We drank it, drank it, night and day, I and my mates, each one, Though we little knew what kind of a brew Came out of the landlord's tun. It put strange fancies in our heads, Leastways it did in mine; Except when I happened to fall asleep, Unconscious as the s'.vine. I found the secret out at last, I need not tell you how, He sorved the beer as they servo tho milk, By the help of tho iron cow. And had it been uo wuss than this, It were a cruel sin, But ho made it worse a wery great doal, . By tho pisons he put in, lie made it strong with deadly drugs, The bigger fools were wo To drink and pay for such rascal stuff For thirty years and three. Bat, as I've said, I found him out, And vowed to drink 110 more, Lest I should stand in the felon's dock, Or knock at the workhouse door. Dick, who drank it for ten long years Murdered his blessed wife ; Which ho wouldn't ha' dono unless for the beer, For he loved her more than lifo. And Tom went wrong, and Dick went dead, And Joe went out of his mind, While Bill and Sam rau right away And left their wives behind. And many other fine fellows I knew, Grew old before their time, Or could not get a job of work, To keep their haud3 from crime. The landlord once upon a day, Fell siok and like to die, And sent for me as well as the priest, Though I could not tell for why. 4' Harry," says he, " I've pisoned the beer, 'Tig tho very truth I've spoke ; "Vet prayed at Church on Sabbath days ? Along with the Christian folk. WLy didn't they nail my ears to tho post ? They'd done it in days gone by I And perhaps I wouldn't ha' pisoned the poor Wi drugs to make thom dry. Wi' drugs to make them wery dry, So that the mora they drank, Tho more they thirsted and wished to swill Like horses at a tank. I'm a sneak, a thief, and a hypocrite, And perhaps a murderer too, Though I'm glad to see, 'mid all my sins, As I've not murdered you. But when I think on Dick that swung Aloft on the gallows tree, -I've mortal fear 'twas the pisoned beer That was the ruin of he. And his ghost comes prowling every niglit. And chatters at my bed, And when 1 looks on his dreadful face I wishes that I was dead. ? And I feel I'm going, Harry," says he, ."And a werry bad man I've been, Though I've made a heap of dirty gold, That I wishes I'd never seen. Good-bye ! I'm going to die 1 I cannot abear them ghosts, ' ; That comes every night with horrid grin Not one or two, but hosts." And this landlord was as good as hia word, For ho died the wery next night; And I'm truly glad I was not him, For all his guineas bright. .And it's my opinion, if I'm lit To form a judgment clear, That the wery worst thing a man can do Is to pison the people's beer. 