fob life and death. i x. 1 i An jjntiwnn wwitng, gastr and biSt elwiApn ti g and tossing in the raw wind. ; & | piercing mist, sikrocding everything, fini s Ing, gnj sea creeping up the lonesome « sands, under a darkening sir — tiai <1 i -what Wilde saw from her winds -fl of willed she had stood gazing for en feeffl ' more. _ fa A handsome giri, Marian Wilde, tii p| ! stately, dark and statuesque, with ewes ee cfi lommoas splendour, and massive cods c£ black hair. The deep crimson dress off he? dark, eokrarless beauty ; hut the f?3® ffl the wild November evening was cdt than the gloom, darkening that rigid, hssel face. She stood alone in the room — her owes— g«l with that fixed, meaaingtoe stare over thfrl sea. The room. was . large, and fexssji furnished : and over bed,and chairs, and crfB table lay spread the filmy whiteness of robes! An exquisite dress of silk and im priceless veil, tiny slippers, tinier gkve&jB; bouquet, and a velvet cssfaet foil of grjB ing pearls. For to-morrow was Marian svi day. . j1 The gloomy etenhsggrew gtooeaier ; ttrm rose to a m&t; andabow xte angffig co\B shrill shriekingof foe sea-birds. Tt«SM tramping in with a dcH roar over to? JE and the mist was taming to steady rai» A -Marian stood with that vague stare sea. »i» "The loaesorae, desolate, awfel j+M whispered to herself; "the wide, pftgiS ?jB set! Oh, sav lore, my own, my only were tieepmg vifo,riwL under fogjB Wee! BeKreTfr l«tfeer that foam jMffl bride of Odbert Owen to mono w." JM There was a tip at the door ; she J| 'The handle tented, there 'was a rustle w» a woraaa'svok speaking in foe dock. "Marian, are you here?; , . M The voice awoke her fimhr w I faanid half wmfi fem the vriaritaav H "Yes, axmk Maria; esueia-" _ .jH « What an owi yoa m% chaH "JjaSiSnSSr"" I ",1S fl I" Thinkingare you? , - A bad lfeb it, my dear. Of whatiart yourthinlong K; -That .you Are thef luckiest iutbeworialiope " Not exactly, my go6d aunt, fast «isnmg»« were not a sin to comn& suieid& "«\xhe reaflpyn there looks vey inviting ; the fenceis shorty &nd; this, NovCmherevening is jost thetmngi for it." ' , ;' V''"V' ' <" She laughed a reckless laugtu . - 5 Aunt Maria, a buxom, comfortable fedj? searched uneasily for the match-box m the dark; " You crazy girl ! If I did not knowyou of old for an oddity, I should box you oars for such a speech on the eve of your wedding. >f - " Precisely, auntie ; that s why 1 make it.: << jj-0Wj hfariaa 1 Oh dear ! Where's the matches? Ah, I have them. Thank goodness for the blessing of light; things -always seem twice as bad in the dark. I'm afraid you're not properly thankful for your blessings, Marian.'' " I'm afraid I'm not, auntie." " Now here," said auntie, folding her hands, i and looking at her gipsy niece in mild reproof, j "here you are, blessed with everything your heart can desire— lovely dresses, pearls, and point lace, and a cabinet full of the most exquisite and costly bridal presents. Now what more could any girl M her senses desire ?" " Very true, auntie ; hut I don't know that I am in my senses." I "Nonsense, child! Don't be absurd! Isn't Jlr. Owen everything the most fastidious could desire — upright, honourable, esteemed by all, and immensely rich." . „ — . "I know it," with a dreary sigh; "a great, deal too good for a reekless, lovelee8, perjured wretch such as. I." Aunt Maria gave a little scream. " Good heavens, . Marian! ; have, you gone deranged that you use such wild language? Perjured! What on earth do you mean? .But, I need not ask ; it's all about that unfortunate : William Joyce !" The girl made a sudden motion to stop her, as if the name stabbed her like a knife. "Auntie! auntie! pray don't! I can't bear . it to-night. Leave me alone; I don't feel like myself." "All the more reason why you should not be- left alone. Come down stairs ; Mr. Owen is there j waiting for you." I " I can't go ; I won't go. Tell him so, if you. I like. If Gilbert Owen is wise — if he wants a wife I to-morrow — he had better leave me to myself to- I night." I " To lament over the loss of Willie Joyce ? Oh, I Pm not afraid of your flashing eyes, Marian. You I want to be sentimental and romantic on your I bridal eve, and mourn over you sailor boy lover, I lost at sea. But I know you better than you I know yourself, my dear ; and I know if Willie 1 Joyce could rise from the dead and claim your promise, you would not keep it. You like wealth I and luxury as well as any of us, Marian ; and I you know the difference between the wife of a Imillionnaire and the wife of a sea captain. Fll leave yeu alone, my dear, as you request. Be sentimental, if you please; I'm not afraid to trust you. Shed all your tears to-night, and have your PTPfi as hriahfc ns nnRsihli fn-Tnnrvnw ah fr.liA olf.ow iCrood night, my dear, don't sit up too late. I'll tell Mr. Owen you have a headache and can't come down. White lies, unfortunately, are indis pensable on these occasions." f With which Aunt Maria sailed away. Marian looked darkly after her, without at- Itempting to speak, and then back again over the wide sea. I "I deserve it all," she said to herself. " Aunt Bfaria is right. I am an inconsistent, mercenary fool and coward, giving my heart to the dead and fcy hand to the living. Why don't I tell Gilbert Kwen the truth, and go out into the world and fight the battle ef life for myself, as other girls Bo ? Ah, me ; what a false treacherous weak creature I am, with neither courage to work nor Brant." I She turned away from the window, and began pacing hurriedly up and down. Then, as if Beized by a sudden impulse, to escape, from her- Belf and her own dark thoughts, she seized her Hhawl and hat, and put them rapidly on. "Once more," 6he said to herself, "once more Bo visit the place of tryst, before I am that man's rife. Hero ! Hero ! where are you ?" B A big dog, asleep on the hearth-rug, rose up Bud shook himself ponderously. The girl knelt own and put her arms around his shaggy neck. " You belonged to him, too, Hero, as I did, and Won were his parting gift to me. My brave, Bandsome Willie! Oh,- Hero! Hero! only to Bunk of his lying under the sea, and to- morrow By wedding day." The shaggy neck of the Newfoundland grew Bet with her raining tears. Hero lolled out his Breat tongue, fully aware that something was Brong, and tried to console her in his doggish Bkiom Suddenly she started up, dashing away Be tears. B "Come, Hero, before it is "too late. For the Bt time P B.4 minute, and they were out in the wild, wet Bg'ut. The cold wind fluttered her drees and Suwl, the rain blew bleak in her face, and dark- Bess was falling like an inky pall over the sea, and Be rocky path leading down to it. But Marian Bvilde knew it well, and could have made her wav, Becure, in blackest midnight ; end she followed Bero along the jagged, uneven road, fleetly and Barely. B Down on a high boulder, garments fluttering . Bd flapping, hair escaping, and blowing back B>m her eyes, her face pale and wild, and allwet the rushing rain, her eyes strained in a .Bgue, despairing stare over the tossing black sea, 'Bp looked, on her pinnacle, like the goddess of storm, watching her work — a modern " Noma Bthe Fir.fnl TToarl " Pariia rw th a mn,n f.nilinor tporiously over the rocks thought so — a young sunburned and handsome, dressed in a lBaggy jacket and rough sou'-western bat. She ! Bver heard him — eyes and heart and mind were far away, l l" Marian !" yka Tuie ! She gave a cry, and almost fell Bf1 .e .foppery boulder. Had the dead risen 'Bf lfc e Joyce's ghost that stood before iB Keeping tryst, Marian? My Marian! I knew jPiould find my darling here!" Hfbe active young figure stood beside her on the rock. Ah no! no ghost this— no ghost to |BP her m such strong arms, no ghost to press H1 rapturous kisses on her pale lips. B% Marian ! My Marian! My beautiful dark- JH" darlmg ! What a lifetime it seems since I IB.you last." slid put of his arms, white as a spirit in IBaying light, looking up at him, flushed, eager, ' with wild, dilated eyes. |B ve." the pale lips murmured, "alive and HHi- 5 and I thought him dead. Ob, |Hhe! Willie." 6 dH Ho rded her up, laughing .boy ishly 'at her/ frighteied face. . j, / -Mitel Gf course I; amp hack lo bfti Mstnt>o&; Why, to > that yoii. wear Sucn alace as tiuit?? . V. :;-Da \- " WeU,you .said that /before jand it'e'higldy . satisfactory, though not explanatory. Come, my . darling girl, get over your fears ; I'm not a ghost, I assure you,- bntf Captain -William Joyce, come over the wide ocean to make you my wife." There was no reply; Her head dropped on her shoulder j and, clinging to him, he could feel the slight figure shake from head to foot. " Marian," he said sternly, " what is it ? Have you forgotten your promise ?' " Oh, no, no !" " Do you repent it ?" " No, no, no !" " Then, what in heaven's name is it?. My wife you promised to be—my wife you shall' be, in spite of fate. They told me down in town an absurd story about Gilbert Owen, a man who might be you father. Teil me it is not true." " I cannot." " Good heaven ! you're not going to marry him, Marian — that old man ?" " No no, no ! a thousand times no ! not now ; hut I was. Willie! Willie! I thought you dead." ; " My poor girl ! And that dragon of an aunt badgered you into it, jl Know. Ana tne weaamg was to be to-morrow?" . YeS." . - . " Then I have arrived in the nick of time. You won& marry Mr. Owen to- morrow, Marian, because! youishail mairry me." / ' "Willie!" ' I mean it, my darling. Down the path there is the carriage I came in. Come With me ; never mind going back to the house. - Fll take .you as' you are, and you shall be my wife. Bather hasty, I allow ; but necessity knows no law." " But, Willie," she said, shrinking back, " I don't know." The young man looked at her, his face growing stem. " Then you are false, Marian Wilde. You wish to wed G-iibert Owen, not me, He, the rich old millionnaire, can give yon servants, diamonds, and luxury ; I, the lover of your youth, nothing but a strong arm, a warm heart, and a humble home. Well, go ; it is only the old story of woman's treachery over again." He turned to leave her ; but she clung to him passionately, desperately. " No ! no !. take me with you. I will do what ever you say ; I will be your wife. Oh, Willie, I love you with my whole heart." " My dearest ! mine in life and death; my wife, my own for ever and ever — come." He passed his arm round her, and drew her down the storm-beaten path, in the thick gloom. A moment later, and they were side by side in the carriage, driving rapidly into town. ri. Gilbert Owen's wedding-day dawned in storm, and wind, and rain — dawned to find the cage empty, the bird flown. The bride-elect had fled wlw nr whithor. wlin p.nnld sn.v ? THava nn l' ¥ note left to explain — no clue to be found to her mysterious disappearance. If the earth had opened aud swallowed her, she could not have vanished more completely. Aunt Maria went into hysterics, that being the proper thing to do — through no great love for the wilful, lost girl, but because something of the kind was expected of her, aad because she really felt keenly Gilbert Owen's disappointment. . As for that luckless bridegroom, he suffered, and made no sign. He had loved her with a love as strong as it had been vain ; and he had lost her, and he bore it with silent grief. " If I only knew her fate !" he groaned once to her aunt. " If I only knew she were safe and well, I think I could bear it. But this uncertainty, this suspense ! Oh my poor little Marian!" Aunt Maria had her own idea, remembering that last interview. The haggard face, the reck less words, the -past repentance, meant something I besides the girlish talk, after all. Under that stormy sea, rolling for ever mysterious and grand under the windows, she had gone in the storm aad the darkness to meet her lost lover. " She was mad enough, and impulsive enough, and daring and foolhardy enough for anything," Aunt Maria said, to the silent, despairing bride groom, " that infatuated child ; and I know just as well as I am alive that she has committed sui cide. I saw it in her face that last night." But Marian, mourned for as dead, was very far from death. Sailing over the sea with her sailor- husband- — her handsome, gallant Willie — she was liappy as the day was long. Singing blithely on the sunlit deck, as their vessel glided along in perpetual summer over tropic seas, she had no thought even for the man left behind in her Dative land, whose heart she had almost broken. Willie was beside her — the lover of her girlhood, her lover-husband now — and the world was Eden, and she the happiest Eve that ever laughed in the sunshine. s So the years followed one another until three were gone, aad a tiny baby girl toddled about the deck of papa's ship after mamma Marian. She had been over the world — through the tropics, across the wild Atlantic, through holy Palestine — and was now once more back in her native land. Handsomer, happier, brighter, statelier — that was all the chasge these three years had wrought. " My darling girl will stay at home this trip," Willie said, " as it is my last, and baby Marian is too delicate to cross the Atlantic, this winter weather. Only three months, my love, and then to settle down with my wife and birdling in some cosy little country home !" So they parted — their first parting since their U'A( Hill ffafloTr IToin n «' 1. _ e J kalian. U1UUK bU £11111 ill pitSCiUHlll/tj womanly weeping. " I wish I were going ! I wish I were going!" was the cry. "Oh, Willie, I am afraid! I am afraid !" " Little goosey ! of what ?" " I don't know ; but I feel as though something was about to happen — as if I should never see vdu again, Willie." " Foolish Marian ! but you slialL Living or dead, I think I should have to come back to you. ICeep up heart, and good-bye !" .. Captain Joyee sailed that day' from Liverpool ; and Marian waited in the home where he had left her, nursing her sickly child— waited in fear and trembling now— but it was wild, wintry weather, with singing winds and fierce storms on the ocean. . : i Three. wesks, and news came — the news she. had trembled to hear. Lr a wild, wi|d storm the ship had gone down, end every soul on board had- perished. She read the cold, brief newspaper paragraph in white, still despair, sitting" by her child's dying bed. Before morning broke, Marian Joyce was | childless as well as widowed. : .... -t6. Three! ntentha later h worh, pale cteatiire cafad to Aunt j&aria;, as she sat in hei- mfpriablO dtoti thin ehoilgh to; b& ' thn'\ gndit1 Aunt Mhritt thought her. " r:-: s D %Mah ! - -A " Yes| aunt ; Marifeh 'comes ba6k 'pobir ahd' friendless, and; dying, to see if yott will take her - da.? ;'-j ,'i 5; ; - ' r v " And you didn't drown yourself, after all auntie dried, aghast. . , 1 - " Drown myself ! No. Did yoti think so ? I; have been married, and I am a widow. - Willie's ' it " . And then Marian Joyce told her story, humbly and brokenly, with pale, tremblinglips, and down cast face,' very unlike the Marian of old. " I. have been very; very ill," she said in coii-- elusion. " I think I have not long to live; and I have come' to my old home to die." Aunt Maria's womanly heart was touched, and Marian was kissed, and cried over, and forgiven. Yes, forgiven even by Gilbert Owen, who came to see her at once, and In whose heart all the old- love revived at the sight of the pale, patient face. And Marian did not die ; as the months passed, strength and life returned, and new lifObegan to beat strongly in the almost dead heart in her old home. And .with that new life came new hope' to Gilbert Owen. Before the second anniversary of her widow- nooa came rouna, ne naa as&eu; uer w marry mm once more. "Hove you better than over;. Marian," he pleaded. ' " I have loved you. so-long and so well, ' and my life is . so lonely. Surely ;I deserve some reward?' . ,';V " " But I don't lbve you, Mr. Owen," Marian re plied, vpiy sadly. " I never can love any one like that again. You cannot take a wHe who tells you this." i . " But Mr. Owen thought otherwise, and pleaded so hard, -with Aunt Maria to back him, that finally Marian yielded, and said " Yes " for the second time. That evening she wandered down in the ghastly dusk to the seashore, as she had once done before, when Willie came back. The evening was wild and wet, as that had been ; and standing on the slippery boulder, she looked seaward, almost ex pecting to see the' reproachful face pf her drowned husband rising white from the black waves. At the thought, a cold breath of air passed like a waft from the churchyard, and there beside her, at the place of tryst, she saw, or her vivid fancy painted to her, a pallid, blodless shadow, the shadow of her lost husband. " Living or dead, I promised I would come back," the well-known voice said, " and here I am. Marian, you are mine, and must never be another's. Aunt Maria missing Marian an hour later, when Gilbert Owen called, in dire alarm they set off in search of her. Down to the shore, her favourite haunt, as they knew, they hurried, and there they found her, lying on her face on the ground, wet through, senseless, and white as death. They bore her home and laid her on the bed, from which she never rose. Whether it was an illnsinn. hwiiiolit nn Viv an avaiI-Ai-J and strained imagination, or whether the spirit of the dead husband really stood before her in the stormy twilight, it was all the same. On the day she was to have married Gilbert Owen, they buried Marian Joyce. j 