SMALL SUPERSTITIONS. In this very enlightened and practical age we are sometimes apt to laugh and sneer, in no measured manner, at the superstition held and confessed by our ancestors in the good'old days; fancying, and, perhaps, congratulating ourselves, that we are now quite exempt from the indulgence of any such follies of the im agination. A slight reflection, however,. will soon convince us that there are but comparatively few who can lay claim to perfect freedom from certain beliefs and fancies, which, analysed, aie but little removed, and, considering the enormous advance in education, scarcely as excus able as the old superstitious we are so fond of laughing at. Occasionally the new'spapers furnish examples of the true old type of supersti tion; but these examples, drawn from quiet country places aud furnished al most entirely by the poorest and most u?ueducated classes, doJbot illustrate what we mean. Even in these days, unscrupu lous persons, of course, have little diffi culty in finding here and there a densely ignorant woman-and they have then only to rouse the latent superstition of her .natuse to find in her an easy victim to be fleeced. -We are not writing, how ever, of this class; but there are a vast number of decent and respectably edu cated people with really good intelligence, who do not believe in ghosts, in spirits, in table-turning, or even in Mlr. Home, and who would indignantly resent the notion of being superstitious, but who cannot help admitting that they believe, and indeed, act upon, certain nonsensical theories coucerning luck and ill-luck, a/iid who have, morever, a faith in certain signs betokening other certain events. which they cannot justify to themselves much less to any one else. The fact is this: these superstitions (for such they really are) have been handed down they know not how-constant repetition has led to their being readily imbibed; and, in stead of improved education leading to an instant dismissal of any such old and ridiculous notions, they believe in them without confessing it; and whilst they are ashamed of the theories they hold, thley nevertheless allow them to influence their actions. But there are, in truth, at this very hour, a great many people who not only cherish some utterly trivial and prepos terous superstition, but who candidly ad mit they cherish them, and that they be lieve in them to a sufficient pxtent to make it worth while, under given cir cumstances, to permit their actions to be influenced by this indecribable faith in some old saying, about the origin of which they are totally ignorant. It is of no use to argue the matter with these persons: they have never argued out the question of the ab surdity of their belief with themselves they don't want to be convinced; and, granted you did for the moment logically e mnvince them, you would achieve nothing for, after they had confessed to the im possibily of there being any reason in the notions they hold, they would in reality still contine to hold them; under pres sure, they would have given you an ad mission, the truth of which in practice they would at once deny. They would most probably tell you that it amused them to indulge in these fancies, and that no one else suffered in consequence, in other words, admitting that super stition was latent in their nature, and they liked that is should be so. It is a pleasure-yes, a positive pleasure-to these persons to go through the various performances prophetic of luck; and, fu.ther, they make a point of going in Ior all the chance luck they may get. They feel a satisfaction in turning thleir money, and in throwing the old shoe after the bride and bridegroom, only akin to the discomfort they would experience at being one in thirteen to dinner. They feel a qualm when they spill salt, deem it unlucky to break a looking-glass, and and if they happen to put on a garment wrong side outwards will no more think of undoing their mistake than they would dream of keeping the hair of a living person, or of drowning a black cat. Cer tain days in the week are held to be un lucky for certain acts because they have always been unlucky-that is to say, they would tell you they preferred not to choose those particular days, having a feeling about it. That is why they do not cut their naily on Friday, or choose that unfortunate day for sailing. They are very uncomfortable when they smell mice, when their cow gives birth to twin calves, or a dog howls before their door. These, and many other signs, fort.ll the advent of death; in short, being so numerous, itis not very surpris ing that coincidences should sometimes occur apparently confirming their predic tions. These people are always wishing on the least provocation, and throwing things first over one shoulder, then over the other-and putting wedding-cake (when they can get it) under their pil lows. If only a tithe of their wishes were fulfilled, what happiness they and their friends would enjoy ! Fortune telling-oh! in that, of course, they don't believe a bit; it's only good fun, and they are curious to know what the gipsy will have the impudence to tell them; they will take care to. explain to you that it is mere curiosity, and that they will at once forget all they have been told,-and, of course, knowing bet ter, you. won't believe them. But how many more are there who, brought up in the same belief, and know ing all these old sayings by heart, imme: diately 'discard them theoretically as quite ridiculous, and good only to be laughed at. By an instant process of reasoning they admit at once to them selves, and grant to you, that they are unworthy of any serious consideration whatsoever. It follows, therefore, of course, that their actions and their coni duct are never influenced by these popu larsavings. Are they not? As Arte mus Ward'would say, we doubt it muchly. On the contrary, we believe that there are very few indeed who, having dis missed a given saying ias absurd, do in practice dismiss it.when the proper occa sion occurs. It is true, they make no manifest sign of the least belief; indeed they publicly take every opportunity of ridiucling the fancies of others, and of trying to show them how truly ridiculous they are; but there is behind all a latent feeling of superstition which they cannot describe, to which they willnot own, with which they wrestle, but which, nine times out of ten, secretly gets the upper hand. Else why do they not fly in the face of the old sayings ?-why do they experience a cold chill down the back whlien some "true believer" announces in solemn tones that he has heard or seen'something which fortels of a gloomy disaster ? Why do they hesitate even for a moment, to do something which another thinks unlucky? It is because they are afraid of wounding the preju dices or susceptibilities of their friends ? No ! oh, dear no ! It is because they have not been able to undo the force of the old worn- out sayings; their common sense, their intelligence, their education, teaches one thing, and the habit and practice of those around teach an other. After -ll it comes to this, whether we .choose to admit it or not, we are a!l, even in this nineteeuth century, more or less superstitious; ours are only small and innocent fancies; we have fortunately outgrown all hurtful superstitions; and although some of those we still cling to are very, very stupid, some there are, however, that are not without a good deal of pretty senti ment mixed with them: YounS maidens of merry England (if it may still be so called) are yet to be found who in Springtime linger when they hear the cooko's note, and count with beating hearts the number of years they must wait to wed. We can scarcely wish for the time when not one will db so; and an involuntary sigh escapes us as we 'think ofthe days to come, when even the tiny petal of the daisy will have lost its charm, and when the march of intellect shall have ruthlessly swept away all in nocent fancy. Notwithstanding all this we must admit that it is scarcely credit able to our increased opportunity of en lightenment that we possess and hold to any notions such as we have herein indi cated. Many will say, "Oh! nobody does seriously believe in these sayings;" but let those explain why, if not from respect to these, their conduct is affected. As time rolls on, and \we who are now alive grow old, grow less respected, decay, and ultimately die, so will one by one of these old sayings, (the legacy left us by our grandmothers) fall into disuse and be remembered only with wonder and amazement. It will be slow but sure work, and the boast of entire freedom from small superstitions will only como,. we believe, with truth, from future generations. 