PAST PROPHECIES AND COMING EVENTS. To the Editor of The Advocate. SiKj—During his abode at Leoggenthal, Holz hauser wrote his great work—the " Commentary on the Apocalypse"—which, however, extends only to 5th verse of 15th chapter. He wrote it as we are assured by his biographer, under great tribulations, and spent the time in prayer apart from men. This commentary, written in Latin, and which remained in manuscript for a century and a half, was first published at Bamburg, and at Wurzburg in 1784. The great St. Jerome declared that the Apocalypse contained as many mysteries as words, and that sublime work remains to this day as a labyrinth to the shallow ingenuity of Protestant commentators. This is not to Be wondered at when even Catholic commentators, who do not write with silly confidence, are not at all agreed. Scaliger justly said :i "Calvin was wise m not writing on the Apocalypse." When Holzhauser was asked what was the state of his soul while lie was engaged in. this work, he replied: " I was like a child whose hand was lei whilst I -wrote." The passive state of the writer's mind during this time is, according to tlaeologians, a strong argument in favour of the genuineness of the prophecies. Certainly, it seems probable that only a highly favourrd soul, as was that of the seraphic St. John, can reveal the mysteries of the Apocalypse. The following is the fundamental idea of Holzhauser's Commentary:— The seven stars and the seven golden candlcsticks, which St. John saw when he was ravished in spirit, represent the seven epochs in the Church's history, from her foundation to the last judgment. To these periods correspond again the seven Churches of Asia Minor, to which the wor<I of the Lord in the vision of St. John is addressed, as well as the seven days of Creation, the seven ages of the world before Jesus Christ, and the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. The first epoch, which he calls that of zeed-time, comprehends the period that elapsed from the preaching of our Lord and His Apostles down to the martyrdom nf St. Peter and St. Paul under Nero. The second epoch called the period of irrigation, is that of the persecutions which, lasted until Constantine. The third, which extends from that Emperor down to Charlemagne, is the period of illumination. The fourth, which dates from the re- establishment of the Western Umpire under Charlemagne, and terminated with the age of Charles V. and Leo X., is the time of peace. The fifth epoch, which commences with, the birth of Protestantism, is the age of tribulation. "This," says Holzhauser, "is a state of trouble, desolation, humiliation, and poverty, for the Church, in which the Lord Jesus Christ has sifted his wieat, and will sift it again, by wars, by seditions, by famines, by epidemics, and other scourges, by the tribulation and the poverty which lie will suffer to weigh on the Church by means of heretics and bad Christians, who will take from her the greater part of her bishoprics and countless monasteries, especially the wealthier ones. She is oppressed, even by Catholic princes, and despoiled by means of taxes, imposts, and other extortions ; so that we may say, in groaning with the prophet Jeremiah, ' The queen of nations hath been placed under the yoke.* The Church is become poor and miserable beca>"use she has been calumniated by heretics, because her ministers are despised by bad Christians, who render them neither honour nor respect. By all these means God will sift his wheat; He will cast the chaff away to be burned, and gather the wheat into his barns." This fifth state of the Church is the state of tribulation, the state of apostacy, full of miseries every kiiicL- Few will be spared by the sword, by famine, and by pestilence. We shall see kingdom rise against kingdom ; empires will be divided in fcliemselves, and brought to dissolution ; principalities and monarchies will he overturned, and almost the whole world will sink into poverty. The greatest desolation will reign over the earth. All this hath in part been already accomplished (A.D. 1656) ; a part remains yet to be accomplished. These things will come to pass by the very just judgment of God, lecause of the accumulated mass of our iniquities, whereof our fathers and , ourselves have filled up the measure at the moment when the mercy of Almighty God awaited our doing penance- " "The fifth day of creation, on -which the earth brought forth birds, fishes, and beasts of the field, is a type of this epoch, -when men, like the birds of the air, and the fishes of the water, give themselves up to license, sink to the level of the brute, and wallow in lust. In this lamentable state of the Church, divine and human laws are without force and made of light account. The doctrines and precepts of the Church are despised, ecclesiastical discipline it not better observed by the priests than political order is maintained by the people. Everyone, like the l>easts of the field, believes what he pleases, and cLoth what he wills." " The correspondence of this period with the fifth age of the ancient world, from Solomon down to the Babylonian captivity, is .extremely striking. Then Israel fell into idolatry, and Judah and Benjamin were alone true to the Covenant. So in the time we speak of, a large portion of the Catholic population has fallen away from the true Church, while a small number only of good Christians has survived. The Jewish state was then ruined, and was harassed, and oppressed by heathens ; so, also, has the Holy Roman Empire of Germany been ravaged and dismembered by the neighbouring nations." " To this age has been accorded the gift of comisei, for cou-nsel did the Church need in order to counteract such fearful calamities and uphold the Catholic faith. This gift of counsel was revealed in tfa.e Council of Trent in the institute of the Society of Jesus, by whose exertions, learning,, and sanctity, the Catholic faith and the Church through Europe were rescued from destruction." "A type of this epoch is the Church of Sardis—a word that signifies the beginning of beauty ; for the calamities of this period will be the beginning of a better time. Divine Providence wisely ordained that the Church, which he will cause to endure unto the end of the world, should be moistened from time to time with the waters of tribnlation, as the gardener watereth. - his garden in tlie time of drought." : '. To my mind this is an extraordinary summary of the history of Europe and the Church down to our times. Perhaps it would be useful to compare with this commentary the message to the angel of the Church'of Sardis:— "These things, saith He, that hath the seven Spirits of God and the seven .stars, • I know thy works, that thou hast the name of being alive, and thou art dead. 2. Be watchful and strengthen, the things that remain, which are ready to die; ffr I find not -thy works full: before my God- Have" in mind, therefore, in •what manner fchou'hast received- aiid heard, and : observe and cfcopenance. Ifj tJienj thoti shalt not watch, I wHl come to jihee^s a long, and tbdn shalt Dot know at what hour I will come. 4\. But thou hast a few names in Sardis which have not defiled their garments, and they shall walk with Me in white, because they are worthy. 5. He that shall overcome shall thus be clothed in white garments, and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, and I will confess his name before My Father, and before His angels." The following prophecy of Brother John of Lilienbael, who flourished about 1340, was published by Maternus Hatter, of Spires, at Leipsic, in 1498. It singularly corresponds with and supplements the commentary of Holzhauser, which I have cited :— "The tyrants and the hostile people will arise and unexpectedly assail the prelates and the Ministers of the Church, and rob them of ail their temporal goods, their countships, their duchies, tlicir territories, their cities, and revenues, and take possession of all their estates, and will hurt tbem and afflict them in divers ways ; and the clergy will not be able to withstand their treatment. "Then will all ministers of theChurch, of what- «ver rank they may bo, be forced, under penalties and scourges, to return to an Apostolic life. The I'ope will change his seat, and will, with his disciples, consume the bread of grief in tears. Whatever the Church hath before suffered will be exceeded by the coming afflictions. Fearful phenomeua will be seen in the heavens ; the earth will quake, the sea roar aud lift up its waves against the land. The air will become corrupt, and its natural breath be changed aud perverted by pestilential diseases, because of the wickedness and abomination of men. Quickly will many, very many, die ; a famine will visit the west especially. Never will so many and dreadful afflictions be heard of. The pomp of the great will disappear, the arts and sciences will fall into decay, and for a time all priests will remain in. a state of humiliation. " Yet, after so many afflictions, will a Pope be chosen—'whom the will of God names—and the angels will crown this pious and perfect man. He, by his holiness, will remodel the world, and bring back all churchmen to the true way of living, characteristic of Christ's disciples, and they will be esteemed by all because of their virtue aud holiness. This enlightened Pope wil preach barefoot, and fear no power of princes ; he will bring all erring sheep back, and especially convert the Jews, and there will be but one law, one faith, one baptism, o te life. All men will love each other, and peace will endure for long years." This Brother John predicts also very many particulars respecting the Reformation and the French Revolution, which literally came to pass. He aud many others Agree in predicting that from 1490 to 1525, aud from 1786 to 1800, events would occur which would have frightful wars, insurrections, aud conspiracies for their immediate consequence, but whose greatest and most calamitous results would only later be made mani- /eat. In the nest passage of Holzhauser's Commentary we leave the present age of misery and perturbation, and soar with the prophet into those pure, serene times which will witness the complete and glorious triumph of the Church upon earth. As the different periods are not separated one from the other by any harsh dissonance, but the concluding tones of each gradually meet, and are confounded with the rising tones of the succeeding period, so the conclusion of the Fifth Age will be marked by great conquests of the Church ; and of these conquests probably we already discern the beginning. In my next communication I propose to give Holzhauser's Commentary on the Sixth Age of the Churcli, and concurrent prophecies. I am, &c.;, VLGITJA^'S. 