CONTINENTAL. FRANCE. After endless rumours the resignation of the Cabinet was announced on the 28th. Nearly all the late olections have been declared valid. Parliamentary parties have fallen into hopeless confusion, owing to loudly expressed dissatisfac- tion with the abuse of her influence by' the Empress, who ceases to take a prominent part in politics. Count Charubord issued a manifesto on the present state of France, declaring that hereditary monarchy is the only harbour of refuge. Guizot asserts that Parliamentary govern- ment can alone insure the efleotive alliance of order with liberty. The publio finances are re- ported to be in a very flourishing condition. Protectionist agitation is provoking the or- ganised action of free traders. Traupmao'e trial oauses great exoitement. 15,000 persons applied to be present. He was pronounced guilty and sentenced to death. The formation of a new cabinet is entrusted to Ollivier. The Emperor, by a letter, requested him to select persons who can with himself form a homogeneous cabinet faithfully representing the Legislative majority. Personal government appears to have been surrendered, and the basis of the Parliamentary regime is laid. SPAIN. Prim obstinately adheres to the candidature of the young Duke of Genoa, despite the opposition of his family and friends. Constitution guarantees are restored. The strength of the army is fixed at 80,000. A commission has been appointed to inquire into the disappearance of tho Crown jewels. During the Christmas recess Ministers have gone on a hooting expedition to the mountains of Toledo, accompanied by a strong guard. Two Republicans compromised in the late rising have been executed. Salnerno, ex-Minister for Finanoe, was stabbed by a former colleague from revenge. The sale of Church and National property has been resumed. PORTUGAL. The Government is becoming unpopular and weak ; Duke Saldanha, a popular military ohief, aged 90, attacking the Ministry. An insurrec- tion appeared imminent, and the War Minister resigned. , ITALY. The Ministerial crisis has at length termi- nated by Laugar constructing a cabinet. Sweeping Ministerial reforms are promised, hut additional taxes are foieshadowed The diBbandment of 464,000 men is ru- moured. Considerable excitement has been prodnoed by the dissolution of a Congress, at Naples, held in opposition to the Ooumenical Counoil. ' Several ooontries were represented by depu- ties. The Linti Council meets next September, in Switzerland. Forty lives were lost by an inundation of the Arno, at Pisa. Santa Maura has been totally destroyed by an earthquake. The (Ecumenical Counoil opened on the 8th, amidst gloom, rain, booming of cannon, and peeling of the bells of 360 churches. 800 eccle- siastics were present,and thousands of spectators. The order of service was mass, the inaugural dis- course by the Arob.bisb.op of Iconinm, the Papal benediction, the homage of members of the Council to the Pope, and to the Holy Ghost, and a Te Denm. Subsequent sittings were with closed doors. Already there are reporta of dissensions and intrigues amongst the Fathers, and a strong opposition of Frenob, German, and American bishops to the dogma of infallibility ; bat subtle measures are taken by the Pope and his Jesuit adviseis to stifle discussion by remit- ting obnoxious subjects to safe committees. The boll communicated at the second meeting has occasioned surprise and indignation. If the in- fallibility project ¡B insisted on, a great disrup- tion is probable. The Council is expected to sit for six months. The Frenob Ambassador has warned the Pope of the probable consequences of his high-handed proceedings. One Cardinal is dead. It ia conjectured that Cardinal Manning will be the next Pope. GERMANY. Billa, who shot the Rev. M. Honrioi during the service at Berlin Cathedral, was sentenced to twelve years' hard labour. Count Bismarck has returned to Berlin. The abolition of the newspaper «lamp duty ii promised. AUSTRIA. The Beiohsrath was opened by the Kaiser on the 13th December. There was undue reserve in his speech in compliance with the wish of the : Ministry, who are divided. The minority asked leave to resign. An interview with the King of Prussia ii fixed fqr January 15th, at Aneóla. The Dalmatian insurgents are making sub- mission. ' RUSSIA. Au expedition has been sent from St Peters- burg to discover means of connecting the Cas* pian and Aral Seas. An understanding has been arrived at between Russia and the British Government respecting the Central Asia question. Cholera rages in Russia. TURKEY. The Egyptian question is said to be settled. The Khedive having aocepted the conditions of the Sultan's firman, np fresh Joans axe to be contracted or taxes imposed without the Sultan's sanotion. 