Intercolonial News. The latest items of Intercolonial News will be found in our Telegraphic Classification. NEW SOUTH WALES. APPLICATION FOR A CA. SA.AGAINST AN M.L.A. —The following case is reported in the Bathurst Times of Saturday:—George Fish v. W. Cum-<*> mings—£33 on a promissory note. A verdict in this case had been given for the plaintiff, on Monday, and Mr. Fletcher now appled for a ca. sa. He was informed that numerous executions were already out against the defendant, but no settlement could be obtained from him. He possessed property and was a member of the Legislature, and it might be presumed that he was in a position to pay his debts. His Honor refused the applicat.on, stating that the very fact of executions against the defendant not being satisfied was a proof that he was not pos sessed of means. Thb Ukkstplotbd.—A meeting of tbe un employed (says the 8. M. Herald, of the 12th instant) was held on Hyde Park on Monday evening. About 200 persons were present. Mr. W. Jennett said he had been invited by a number of persons who waited upon him to convene this meeting, and spoke at considerable length relating to the distress existing amongst the working-classes. Mr. J. J. Hunt moved the_ first resolution, —"That this meeting— having in view the alarming distress at present existing amongst the working-classes, think it is the bonnden duty of the Government to at once commence the reclaiming of Blackwattle Swamp, or other public works." Mr. Hunt spoke for o considerable length of time, and was repeatedly and loudly cheered. The resolu tion was seconded, and carried unanimously. Mr. Thomas moved the second resolution, — "That this meeting views with apprehension and alarm the expressed intention of Govern ment to introduce pauper immigration from the public funds." The resolution was seconded, and carried as before. Mr. Stack moved the third resolution, —" That a deputation wait on the Colonial Secretary, and present two peti tions—one in favor of having public works commenced on the co- operative principle, end the other against any farther immigration." The resolution wss seconded, ond carried os before. A Cboww Wrnrsss ajtd tub Extbhsb or nan Jovian. —ln the evidence given before the Bega Bench, in the late cose of infanticide, it was stated that about the time when the alleged offence waa committed, in the year 1864, Miss Hogan hod occasion to stay at lira. Tor lington'a house, near Bega, ond the principal witness in the ease, tbe wife of the selector whose cattle hod been impounded by the squat ter, Mr. Tarlington, stated that Miss Hogan had ot tbot time remarked that the prisoner Mar garet looked as if she wos enceinte. On the strength of this representation (soys the Albury Banner) the magistrate at Bega, Mr. Caswell, sent for Miss Hogan from Albury, although he was assured she hod never mode the remark re ferred to as to Margaret Tarlington's con dition, and that she knew nothing whatever about the affair, or the people connected with it, which could in any possible way affect the case in the slightest degree. We understand that Miss Hogan ex plained this to the Inspector of Police in Albury, and that she understood from that gentleman that her knowledge of the cose could not be of any possible use to the Crown. We Ersume from this that the Inspector most re reported to the same effect to the authori ties ot Bega. Nevertheless the witness wss compelled to moke a journey to the coast and back again, a weary trip of about a thousand miles; her usual avocations were interfered with for several weeks, and a useless expense of perhaps £150 wos entailed upon the country. In a cose like this, it seems to us that o tempo rarily constituted Court, composed of tbe Police Magistrate, the Inspector of PoUce, and a local solicitor, could, ot a trifling expense, have effec tively ascertained whether the witness hod ony evidence to give which could in ony degree hove justified the country in incurring the expense of sending her for examination to the other end of the colony. Nothing wos elicited from the witness at Bega which could not hove been equally weU elicited at Albury. THE CHINESE CUSTOM OF REMOVING THE DEAD.—The Cannonbor correspondent of the Dubbo Dispatch relates that about three years ago, a Chinaman, shepherding on the Bogan, cut his throat, having taken the precaution to stow away a good meal first. It was a nasty, cold, wet morning in May, when Se-ma-Cronang (or whatever his name was) turned over his swag, destroyed some valuable papers, examined his razor, polished off a hearty breakfast, and walked in from the kitchen to the house, think- ing, I have no doubt, that it would be a greater honor to perform this feat (which one so seldom sees done) before the master, instead of the cook. The celestial remarked that "he was werry cold," and was told to "go into the kitchen and warm himself." He replied, " I'll show you," and pulling out a razor (which, owing to the darkness of the room, looked like a piece of black tape), turned coolly round, compressed his lips, and made a long incision, severing the carotid artery, and which failing, continued hacking away. Se-ma-Cronang's spirit had fled before the body had touched the ground — merely a slight quiver of the lips. John had "thanked the world." Three hours afterwards he was buried. Since then his purturbed spirit has been seen twice, making night hideous, but only seen by one who believes in ghosts. However, it appears that his bones were not to rest in that spot. A month ago four Chinamen called, borrowed a spade, dug up the remains of poor John, drank brandy, burnt lights round the grave to appease the soul laid the bones most carefully on a clean cloth, and started for China, not wishing to leave the remains of one who had sacrificed himself to some great idol, in a Christian country. BUSH IMMORALITY. —The Tamworth Ex- aminer, in commenting upon the trials at the lost Court of Quarter Sessions in that district, soys:—" Those who read the details of trials ot these courts most hove been painfully shocked at the evidence brought forth in ot least three eases that come before the court, ond which re veal an amount of immoraUty and utter de pravity positively shocking. We refer to the cases of Clarke and Bates. The former, it ap pears, had for years been uving. with, and had several chUdren by, his aunt. This woman, in the witness-box, seemed to be whoUy uncon scious of the gross immoraUty of her condnct, and looked rather surprised when His Honor animadverted in severe terms on the criminality of her behavior. And this is not, perhaps, to be much wondered ot. The prisoner had pitched his residence in a locality almost inaccessible, in a wUd and unfrequented part of the country, with a desire neither to see or to be seen by ony but those connected with him, ond participators in his crimes, for there can be Uttle doubt that he has been carrying on cattle stealing on a large scale for years. Removed from oil social intercourse even of the lowest description, ond free from that unseen, but nevertheless very real restraint which aU hare to impose upon themselves in close proximity to a number of their fellow creature*, there was no check to the unbridled passions, and the sense of shame soon gave way. It is in coses of this kind that we see 1 most vividly the incalculable evils of a dis persion of population over a large territory, where there can be no possible means of fol lowing them with tbe clergyman and school master, and it is in this regard that the advocates of 'agricultural areas' find their strongest arguments, and no one will be hardy enough to assert that they have not good grounds for holding to their opinions. The case of Clarke is not, we fear, by any means a soli tary one. There are many others who are Uving in a state even worse than bis, and who look upon their position without remorse. The cose of Bates is somewhat similar, and reveals a state of circumstances equally deplorable. He Uved in tbe bush, there being no neighbors within miles of him, and, relieved from aU compunction, he takes advantage of his position in a most cowardly and unmanly manner. It may be that he wos not whoUy at fault—that the woman was not ot all that she ought to be—and that he was somewhat sinned against, as well as sinning ; but this only shows that the isolation of famiUes affects ail parties—men as weU as women and chUdren—and thot the grossest forms of im moraUty exist in the interior of the country." 