THE FEAST OF THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION AT THE PRESENTATION CONVENT. CLONMEL. I From the lippcran/ Free Press.) 'This is but a little thing in itself, but it is pleasing to God, aad for that reason it is to me a thing of great mom eat. ;' Such is the language of the daughters of St, Patrick, as day by day tjhey quit home and associations, dearer to them than life, and surround the standard of the Great King. Similar, too, has been the language of the subject of Wednesday's oeremony of pro found and solemn interest to the devoted friends aggregated to witness it at the Presentation Con vent of St. Joseph, in this town. A young lady, in the spring-time of life, endowed with those accomplishments which adorn the female mind, responds unhesitatingly. 'Fiat voluntas tua to the call of Christ, 'to leave all' most dear to her on earth, and 'follow Him,' in order to ensure the sempiternal things of Heaven, and relinquishes her place in the fashionable world for the calm and lelicitons solitude of the clois ter, still further evidencing the notable fact that when God calls a soul to bis service, the selec tion invariably favors the most gifted, the most beloved, the one who is as it were the very soul of her family. Of all the religious orders which beautify the Church established by Christ not one is more noble than the Presentation, of purely Irish origin, the end of which i3 to forastal and neu tralise by instruction the snares of the '-' evil one,' who would sully and ruin the spotless souls of the dear 'little ones of Christ,' and also to impart to those tender plants the fund of literary information so necessary for the poor man's child. The proverbial piety of the daughters of Erin, with the immeasurable bless ings it diffuses, whether in tke prairie, the bush, or the jungle, may be traced to the early in struction, received by themselves or by their mothers or grandmothers in the schools of those frinds of the friendless, Christ's poor. Often times the gentle warning or adomonition falling from the lips of her old mistress (during the hourB devoted to the instructions of adults on Sundays, &c;\\), softens the heart of the poor wanderer and recalls her to her 'Father's Home,' when other counsels had been unheeded. Truly this is ac order benedict of Heaven established so far back as 1777.— Stormy and lowering days those were in which it was planted, but it put forth its leaves and blossomed, and bore an hundred fold, for the right hand of the Lord had planted it. The rules of the Institute were ratified at Rome by his Holiness Pius the Sixth, on the 3rd of September, 1791, and were furthermore con firmed by his Holiness Piua the Seventh, on the 9sh of April, 1805. Eight years later the order was extended to St. Mary's, in this town, In 1829 the Sisterhood found it expedient, by reason of the iQCommodiousnesB of the houae, to transfer themself to the spacious, beautiful, aud healthy Convent of St. Joseph, situated on the right bank of the silvery Suir, and which had been erected during the preceding year. The salutiferous location of St. Joseph's is confirmed by the remarkable longevity of its members, among whom are several ueptegenarians. Froai Clonmel two fervent communities fiiiated — that of Thurles in' 1817, and that of Manchester, England, in 1835. It those who instruct others uato justice shall shine as stars for all eternity, surely the Presentation nuns, whose unwearied z'sal day by day gathers goluen fruits into the fruitery of our Lord, shall be astral luminaries in the tirraamest of Heaven. ' Attracted to the Order by the merit attached to the instruction of the poor, Miss Annie Billon, Abbey -street, C*hir, (assuming in religion the name of Sister Mary Gertrude, of tiie lmraacut*te Conception) renounces the ephemeral joys of earth and assi milates herself to the holy, happy community at St. Joseph's. The freinds of the young lady, as well aa her immediate family, were amply accommodated ! within the sanctuary of the exquisite Jittle cburch of the convent, which is ia itself a perfect bijou. On this occasion the main and side altars were florally and otherwise decorated. The coup d'aiil presented was moet impressive . At eleven o'clock, duriBg the singing of the '0 Gloriofa Virginum,' the processionists moved from the avant choir to the inner choir in the following »rder — A number of pretty little juveniles, clad in white, represented a band of cherubim, among whom we recognised Miss Bourke, Cahir ; Miss Annie Heffernao, the Misses Burke, Elmville ; Miss Mulcaby, Miss O'Donnell, and the Miase* E#vu and Canmrj£ ham, Crucifer (crossbea.rer), witU Acolj'to oil ] each side. The religious, two and two, hearing j lighted tapers, and bwitly, the ponutaafc j apparelled in the richest robes of snowy whiteness (so emblematic of lauoceuca), and wearing a bridal wreathe of oraj^ge UoMoms, . Ft-nm wliinVi kmr n.rmf»n«3Rrl n lnnc vfiil. t,li«i trrnoa. ful folds of which almost; couwwilod her form. She was supported on the* right eidi? »nd on the left by the Superioress and Mofciier-A'asisfcaul. On approaching the grate they kntl't before the Blessed Sacrament, and the processionists, retiring to their prio dioue, left th« poetuUnt on her knees. At the conclusion of tiie ' 0 Glo riosa Virginum' the Very Rsv. Dr. Power, P.P., V.G., offered up a prayer, aiter which ho blessed the candle of the novice elect, and, presenting it to her, eaid — 'Receive, dearly belo»*e-i daughter this corporal light as an emblem of inward light to diupel all the darkness of ignorance or error ; that, illuminated by the light of divine wisdom, with the fervour of the Holy Ghost, thou tnayesb deserve to be eternally united with Jesus Christ, she Spouse of the Church, who Iive3t and reign est with God the Father, in the unity of the Boly Ghsst, world without end.' The novice elect having been conducted to her seat by the mother- assistant, the Rev. Mr. Mooney, CO., Caher, ascended the altar step and de livered a luminous effusion of oratory which seemed ia a more especial man mer iatended as a stimulant to^tho zeal of the young aspirant and a plauditory of the way ia which she bad commenced to walk, yet it was no less instructive to the laity, pointing out the higher steps of tkat toilsome accent that leads to the mount of sanctity. The pos tulant having replied in a distinct and unfalter ing voice to the usual interrogatories, re tired, accompanied by the Superioress and the Mother Assistant, to divest herself of the secular drens. After a brief interval the novice returned, accompanied by those with whom she left, clothed in the habit of the Ordej1. Ou kneeling at fche grate the celebrant gave her the veil, saying, 'Receive the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, that thou mayest fol low the Lamb without a stain, and mayest walk with Him in white, in the name of the Father and of the Son, of the Holy Ghost: After, re ceiving the remainder of the religious dress, the melody of many novices' rich toned voices fell upon the ears with enraptured effect, as she sang alternately with the choir the Eructavit cor meum, etc. At the conclusion of the psalm she prostrated and continued in that position during the singing of the Veni Creator and succeeding prayers, with the pall or manteau covering her form. The thrilling effect of this part of the cere monial was visible in the tearful eyes of many of the gpectfttors. While the Ecce quam bonum was beinp sung the novice was conducted by the Superioress to each of the Sisters, who cordially embracing and offering her their congratulations, bid her welcome to their peaceful, holy house. The religious then left the cburch in the same order in which they had entered, as did also the clergy. The choir consisted of members of the Sisterhood. The music, vocal and instrumental, ? we have scarcely heard excelled, even by preten tious professors — a fact with which we were struck, afe the commencement of the ceremony. The relations and friends of the young religieuae after the ceremony, were shown to the spacious reception room of the Convent, where they were entertained at a splended dtjeunar. Except at the Convent where the motto is ' All to the glory of God.' it would be difficult to find so much good judgment and refined taste dis played, as in the anangetaent of fche tables — groaning under the weight of the fruits and delicaciep of the season — as well as with the Gubstantials. Vases filled with odorous flowers, the redolence of which was most refreshing, were fixed in the interspaces. The Very Rev. John Power, V.G., presided ; and the vigilant atten tion of the Superioress baffled laudation. On remarking that since our visit a few years previ ous, no uiaay extensive improvements had been made atSb. Joseph's, that we should scarcely re cognize it for the same place, we were politely shown through the several departments. En' pazmnt, the commodious, cheerful, and w«U ventilated new Notitiate was worthy of note. Before the windows of this room is an incomparable picture, delineated by Na ture's painter. Numberless fruits of taleut of the highest order, such as the teswel ated cloister — the magnificent schools, the beauteous little chapel, or Calvary, in the peirden, the Oratory to the Sacred Heart in the Cemetery, for the nouls is Purgatory, etc — were pointed out to u« as lasting memorials of the ef fervescent zeal, in raiaing, adorning, and beauti fying templets to the living God, which never* waned till it at length consumed, and numbered with the saints ouh of fche brightest ornaments of the Irish churcb, the Rev. David Crofcty — whose accidental glory shall continue to increase, while generation succeeding generation, the holy nuns of St. Joseph's persevere in culling spiri tual flowers from th« products of his zeal, and in diffusing edification in their grand and glori oub mission amongst the most beloved, and, yet, the most segleeted of Chmt's vineyards — the poor. Much edified at the proceedings of the day, and grateful for the kindness of tie Supnr ior«3« (who, by the way, holds a very enviable position in the hearts of her spiritual children,) and all the good nuns, fche guests departed. They shall not soon forgsb the beautiful ceremony performed on the Feast of fche Immaculate Con ception, '69. 