THE NATURALIST. LOCAL TOPICS. Oub Colonial Birds—no. VI. goatsuckers. The perching birds are arranged by almost every ornithologist next to the E-iptores, or birds of prey, from which they ate distin guished by having no cere, or that fleshy skin covering the base of the bill and snrronuding the nostrils, always found in the latter; the feet are not furnished with sharp arched retractile daws like the falcons and owls, bat have short, slightly carved cUwb, and ate generally weak, and formed for perching; the toes are slender. The extremely numerous genera and families of birds constituting this gronp form the order of Fasserte of Cuvier otJnmmtsvl Vigors, &c.;, and by common consent the Order is divided into well marked tribes, of which the first is the Fissiroetret, distinguished by the enormous gape of the mouth, seeming as if the head were split open from the small, weak, incurved lull to far beyond the eyes. The feet are weak. As in the birds of prey there are tiro sections, the Nocturna, -with large eyes, soft plumage, end nocturnal habits like the owls ; and the Diurwe, with moderate eyes, dense harder plumage, and diurnal habits. Of the former section the first family is that called the Caprimulfftdce or goatsuckers, foy the reason that at all times and in all countries which they inhabit these birds are popularly supposed to sack the milk from the nerds of goata or cattle. The univer sality of this belief, without theshadowof proof, is fu strange as the equally prevalent belief in ghosts, ♦lib which, »s a strong popular belief, ttpnaybe classed. Even so far back as the time of Aristotle the European bird of this kind is referred to in his History ofAtihtiaU, ; under the Greek name AiybDqkoc (goatsucker), and the general belief indicated by the name , the teat it becomes dry and ihegoat becomes bund. iKiiaa differs in saying that only the teat suckedbeoomiBS dry orollnd (rvfrM iftjWfr) and the flew "of milk is stopped. hi* time. AU of < tbfe „ feed exclusively cm insects of +tti& sorts, and aw perfect}? hjttnUm to .offi peds. They a» warty «U ttoWedfike^ owls with various shades of WowTlr1 white, and black, id soph complex ond>ari able patterns, that description is aJ!Z impossible. The typical kinds IsytheKS on the bare ground, and Andubou hse2£ some of the American kinds take nn m. ~ iu the wide month«ndfly ®ld have »«SK . spot if a stranger should have ler curious habit typical genera is that of perchine len»H. J" when rwtintt and not across when resting on l..- . of trees. There are three sub famifo^^* —ich ^ wSffire having the bill large and strong, with prota? ing plumes and bipectinattd bristles M t£ base. The genns of this sub-family nearly like the owls in sir® - •""* of the bill is Podargus of Cuvier. This genus is terised by the large size, a robust.bodr'tbl Large powerful bill, much hooked at th* 5f; with narrow oblique nostrils coreredbyam^. braueous scale; while the front of *hf W head at tbe base of the bill is set withacnsk of projecting plumes and bipectinated briST The third siud fourth quills of the wingS nearly equal in length, and longer than thu others. The tail is long, and the latetd feathers shorter than the middle ones. Tht legs are long and broadly scaled; the toes tit aUo scaled and long, the outer longer this the inner one, the huid toe is short, andtfl the claws are moderate iu size and simni« These gieat owl-like birds am euil, distinguished from true owls 1» ,.„,ull cimnlu Tl _ T. wtt small simple claws They are oon&Q;^ to Australia (including Tasmania) saj New Guinea, being represented as it wen in the islands of the Indian ArchipeW by a genus of birds almost identical ini,!, pearance called Balrachmlomm, but which differs in having the sixth quill of die wing always the longest, while our more southern genus has the third and fourth Icwipay ^ appearance all the species of this gemu ue singularly alike, the colouring being compowd of an indescribable mixture of grey, brown, white, black and chesunt, mingled iu strain and blotches varied and differentlr min£m even iu different iudividnais of the sua species. The appearance of all the species what seen by day is grotesque in the extreme —sitting nearly upright, with the bill pointed upwatds, and closed eyes, so rigid, lethargic and immovable that even at a few yards off the observer would mistake thai for broken branches of the gum-trees n which they perch, and the buk «| which seems almost copied in the colour ing of their plumage. It seems «lnmu impossible to rouse them by dayliriit, ml gei erally sitting as they do, in pain, m may push one off with a stick, or knock it down, or even shoot it without disturbing tte other. The true typical Goatsuckers bin very long wings and abort feet like Swallom, and so rapid in their flight that they catch ill the insects which they feed on, on'tbe wing; bnt the Podargi have long stoat legs aul shorter wings, and it seems that thcr habitually creep np and down the tmsktaoi branches of trees, picking off the great (Sends, large Mantis, beetles, and other insects con stituting their food which rest in sod situations dining tbe night. Another dif ference of habit between these, the largest and most powerful of the Fissirostrts, and the true goatsnckers is that while the litter lif their eggs on the bare ground, the Podarp build a nest in the horizontal fork of a trie of loosely twined sticks, laying usually dues white eggs. There are two species common in Victoria, viz.:— Podargus Strigoides. (The Otrl-like w Tawny-shouldered Podargus).—This is the P. hu-meraUs of Gould's work, and is tbe largest known species, its length being 20io.; tbe wing. 12in.; the tail, 8^in.; the tarsi, ljin.; bill from gape, 2|in. long. Tbe female is i little larger, and has the white spotting on tbe head more distinct. This is common cetr Melbourne. Podargus Ct/vltri (Carter's Podstgns) This species is usually supposed to be confined to Tasmania, but specimens identical with the Tasmanianare to be fouud commonly new Melbourne. This, like the former species, often goes by the popular name of " More pork," from the try like those words ofteb beard at night being attributed to them. Ai mentioned before, however; when qpeuug of the Victorian Owls, several trotirortkr persons have shot the bird giving this cry. and unexpectedly found it to be the Boobok owl. Carter s podargus is readitf known from tbe P. strigoides by its email size and more slender proportions, wbUe the bill, being nearly of the same size, is of coaw proportionally longer. The length fa Ijul; tbe wing lffin.; the tail 7.}in ;the bill ftoa gape 2int.; tarsi lftltt. jEgotheles is the second genus of this sab , family found in Victoria, and it is easily du i tingnuhed from Podargus by its small sWi very small weak bill with very large wpew* nate bristles at its base, long very sterna tarsi, and the toed being nearly gemu is confined to Australia, and the Vic torian species isthe jEgotheles NovaHollcndia (The. Nightjar).—This charming little birdhsstM upright carriage of the hawks or oris o»' trusting so mnch with the prostrate Atu®1? of tbe true short-legged nightjare that« » called the owlet to show She likenea fa * little owl, due to its habits and «owm»® and general colouring. It spends the^dsj, _ coming forth at evening, anddasMng insects with a steal^hawk-llke flighty it verts on a branch, It p^w. wise, like ordinary birds, andT wt iesfiw wise, i'V" the true Goatsuckera, . whoie general colpnring Is ^ freckled ti^veaelyj^ud^®1^*-^* the tail is live inchest lA K7?J!i three quarters; wing,ftorfnd eq inches; tarsi, oWincb; biUi^ twelftlu of a& fnpb; fe»» >SSp»ri« twelfth!. Common in all toe soumo' r *t.a a wide caneboraerm . and weak, with a wide long strong bristles, to aid iu.pascnu%i ^ against which they fly SB"" auunn wuico wnr uj wivM"" wings andtall arewng^ • fW ^ r^etat^lhe^wa''*""1' flrceBt '" middle toothed like a tliem to seize I „ , „ the wing. Of M^^^^XnS^harinf VktorUM „genut, r>^owm tois;, by F16 