u n d e r t h e s p e l l . CHAPTER xxn. BT FREDERICK WILLIAM EODIKBON. jjr the meantime Mr. Gurnett and his daughter Prudence were enjoying their holiday near Abbotsbury. They had met together to enjoy themselves. T'liey had resolved to be happy, and the affection existent between them made their task far .from difficult. Free from the cares of office, with all thoughts of the business days past, or the business days to come, kept as much as possible in the back ground, - there was nothing to mar their felicity in the early days of their holiday. A long, long while since, they had met together. A time long looked for had come at last—the father and daughter side by side again, in the pleasant county of Dorset, listening morn and night to the dash of the waves on the Chesil' Bank. Prudence was the best of companions for a nervous man like Mr. Gurnett. She understood her father's eccentricities, and knew that thought with him was. dangerous. Ever a bright smile and a laughing speech, to chase the careworn looks from Mr. Gurnett's face ; ever talking of their future life together, when the money each had saved should buy a little cottage near the Bea, such as they were lodging in at that time. It was a sample of the halcyon days to come, and Mr. Gurnett, wandering about the Chesil Bank, or strolling between green hedgerows with his daughter, was not the nervous, dreamy man who taught Greek and Latin at the Limes. A fortnight of that holiday made a younger man of him, squared his shoulders, set his head more firm upon them, gave even a slight twinkle of humour to his keen, grey eyes. He was always congratulating himself on having such a daughter as Prudence ; always wondering at his daughter's spirits, and thanking God for them as heartily as if they wwe his own. When the fortnight had pas&d;, and he had become more grave, and begmi to count the days that were left him befonahe and Prudence renewed their life apart, Prtdence drove him away from his brooding its by saying— " We must not get dull, papa, because the days #ie becoming few, and the round of teachiig advances • nearer every day. You and I are too great philosophers for tbaf!" see jou seldom. It may be so many yeats before we meet again." "PoctorjPrue says ' no.' " "y ! I wsh Dr. Prue's word was infallibley' said Itr. Gurnett, with a half sigh. " Doctor true has made up her mind for the dose to.be repeated every year till furthir noticj. What with looking back atthii month') holiday, and looking forward to tla next, he world will be couleur rose, land eym refractory pupils little a D "0l Prue, Erue, I fancy vou keep your i brightest loolS,'your lightest'words for me ; and thlt when this holiday is over you will sink aiay -into tte shadows, and become the weary,hardworkai woman." " No no; alwars the same." " I cm see you harassed to death with task Buttresses and stubborn pupils, 'sitting in som^ little ba<k room, or looking on some dreary playgfund, and < sighing like a furnacti. "' " Willlyou' valuelthe advice I am about to give yai, father ?1' "Certably! WW Bhould I not? Is not the advice of a jgobd woman akin to : inspiration? : Sllrewf old Chapman says so:— • r Let do matnalae at a Sttle price A virtuous voman's cotnsel, her wing'd spirit Is feathered oftentimes Jjth heavenly words.?'' ."Do not draw-Bugi a picture of your daughter—it is a. faicy' sketch, and its colours are too dark. I am really a little bitof a philosopher. I tale the ills of life with composure,, and .let not the horrors gain the mastery. If yon would- only look at the bright Bides more often, 1 ,1 ^should not hear you complaining of' yo^r nerves. Why, it is not. even womanly to : cry ' I give up!'" . • . . "Have I ever given up, Prue? My nerves may be' weaker, than my will, sometimes; but I am not defeated. There! I will copy your own .-bright gipsy face, and yon shall see no : grim looks this side our holiday." • ; -..-',.; He meant itj but the force of . events was hurrying along,; and: its first -rush was!to overwhelm him. The Chesil Bank—that- thirteen. miles Btretch :of pebbles, across the sea to Portland—was : a favourite resort of Prudence Gurnett's, iti the early-, morning,-' before her father had risen." Early rising ,had.never, agreed with:Mr.'Gurnett's nerves, therefore.his daughter had generally two hours • of the bracing,Bea-breeze before ,-she and her sire met at thp breakfast-table.; These two hours were spent -wandering on; the Chesil Bank, thinking of the past .and the future'— perhaps, regretting tbeione, afcd full of tbp other. Prudence Gurnett had.a great-deal to think of in those early hours—how the days of the ^holiday ;• Were'.drifting away, what a pleasant holiday-it bad ,been, what chances in life there were against another, despite the sanguine, assurance she had given her father. On the .Chesil Bank,' be- •' fore the lined face: of; Mr. Gurnett turned . towards her, there were-looks more grave. Looking put at the. broad , sea on hBrleftj ' the dark face wore a new .expression, one of less happiness and more determination. There was the strength to resist, and the courage to endure,. -imprinted thereon, as' the wind roared by her and the:heavy waves dashed , a; few feet beneath'her; A stranger, to have, seen her -at that early, hour, standing a mile-and a half from the land, her slight figure swaying almost with the wind,- her dark earnest -eyes tamed seawards, would not hays given her credit for much lightness of heart, for the inherent power she possessed to turn to the bright \- Bide of life and make others glad therein. . • - In the litOe cottage near the sea, at her ' father's Bide, and with, a father's hand passing caressingly over her dark braids ,of hair, was she playing a -part foreign to' her iia? tare; or was it, indeed, that great gift of . sinking sorrow anc| .wrong, and letting the light thoughts and bright fancies sparkle 'free.to the surface? ; Was there any effort in her smiles; or, at her father's side, were , . .the smiles part of a riew nature, which changed herself and companion ? We have S seen that the :&ther;doubted it himBelf; .'•Jhat-his fancy, ;had pictured her working ,„-. flays ap days very dififer en .t tjiose they, ^w^njeying^feigethqr; andl that aba had! at the charge,'and pleaded not guilty. Well, true or forced, the result was to make her father happy. - On the CheBil Bank she might have darker thoughts. Who amongst the workers of the world has not the dark thoughts uppermost at times? Prudence Gurnett did not always maintain sole possession :of the Chesil Bank, even at the hour of six in the morning, and at the ancient village of Abbotsbury, seldom troubled by more visitors than rode over on fine days from Weymouth and Melcombe Eegis. Deep as Prudence had been in her own thoughts, - she had not failed to notice once or twice the heavily draped figure of a female wandering as slowly and as thoughtfully as herself on the high bank of pebbles above her. They had never met—for.Pru- . dence, who loved the dash of the sea, couldscarcely approach too close to it, whilst the visitor preferred the loose pebbles oji the bank's summit, and the full force of the wind from the English Channel. The second early visitor to the CheBil Bank apr peared to take a greater interest in Prudence than Prudence in her. On'thesB-. cond morning she had paused, and.stoodfor several minutes looking;down with no little interest at the figure by the water's edge.. A fortnight had passed thus, and these two early risers' had caught glimpses of each other every morning—without directly crossing each other's path. One memorable morning—the beginning of the end of all the bright thoughts born of Mr. Gurnett's holiday—Prudence had wandered a mile from the mainland, and had taken her seat at the foot of the bank, to reBt herself for a. while before returning homewards. It was a breezy day, and threatened rain. A heavy mass of cloud was slowly coming up beyond the sea,: and the sun, though bright, was . misty. Prudence was beginning to think of thife—to regret, perhapB, a day lost in the country, shut up in the little cottage with the rain beating against the lattice window, and the wind roaring down .the chimney and driving the smoke into the room, with her father becoming low-Bpirited and nervous, fidgeting about the room, and turning over a few old books belonging to the landlady, and regretting none of his favourite old dramatists were of the number. Prudence was sketching in her mind some little plan of action to keep her father's mind busy, if the . day proved unpropitioue, unaware that from the high mound of pebbles above her the lady of the Chesil Bank, .as she had designated: her, was watching her. The lady of the Chesil Bank was more curious than usual that morning, for Bhe had been following in the wake of Prudence a considerable time. When Prudence was seated at the bottom of the bank with one gloved hand supporting her chin, the lady stood and watched her, finally , came slowly down the loose. pebbly mass, and startled Prudence from.her reverie. " Good-morning, miss. Tou are a constant visitor to the Chesil Bank, I see."- "Tes, madam." • " D o a t »?e_you are an inval.d.' 0, no! Merely a poor Londoner, who cannot possibly make enough of her holiday here." Prudence had leisure to observe the lady as she stood before her at the bottom of the bank ; to think she was a real lady,.perhaps, from the great house on the cliffs heyond there; one whose position in life .gave her authority, as it were, to question, a, poor little schoolmistress like herself. The morning dress of her interlocutor was plain and simple; the bonnet was.of-straw, crossed by a blue ribbon; only the heavy Bhawl that draped her was to feminine eyes of . a richness and costliness that told of a high estate. The face was an expressive—almost a mourn ful one, and the eyes were very large and dark. Prudence thought it strange that she should feel the questions put to her so little out of place, coming from that lady. . They seemed evolved more from a Btrange.interest in her. than, idle curiosity. , ' You are from London ? Ah-! you can : enjoy to the full this open sea, then." " I am fond of the sea." It is such a stranr ger to me, madam ; it is so grand, a change after ;the bustle of town." What made; you choose Abbotsbury, I wonder ? " she said, with a smile. " It was my father's choice." "Tou are not alone here, then ? " " No, madam—with my father."- I, " Hp -is not an early riser, like his. daughter? - .He- has not his ., daughter's energy?"-, , .. • • Prudence bad-risen, and they werer walking slowly together/in the directipn > of' the mainland. , .,. .-• :;r "Energy, madam?" repeated Prudence. " I fancy early-, risers. must, -;be. -. energetic people—not being energetic myself." . Andyet-^-" .. v-.i. • . i-' ," And yet I am.always here as soon: ae you-iaije, oftep : at. an hour more early.. There's a riddle for you, young lady,, if you caretoread .it." or "Perhapsyou are recommended' for- your, health's sake ? " >' You are .quick in your surmises—more, ypu ;are correct. My. doctors telL.tne early rising, qnd lopg, methodical walks by the sea-shore, .are the best .means to. save my zierveB, and keep me,from a hasty-breaking up. Doctors" are strange people, They do not calculate 'the race we .spring ..from, or consider sufficiently the manners jand customs of our ancestors. I come-. of a race that breaks up suddenly—roan I-expect to be more strong than all the rest ?".-. , ; r It was a peculiar tone—almost a recklesB one'—in which she spoke; and Prudehce looked into the face of the speaker somewhat, curiously.. - >• -. '••:. ' " I don't much care to be strong. ; To be strong, is to grow in time old and.-wrinkled and palsied, like . the old women at the union, fiurely,- my days have ;been long enough in the land!'' TfaiB was an eccentric lady; on the lonely Chesil Bank, Prudence was inclined to feel nervous-at her strange demeanour. •. She essayed to turn the conversation by talking of the weather—by asking the lady.iif rshe thought die day would eventually prove a wpt one. " p • . v : " Those grey clonds pre ominous. Do yon intend to stay long here ? " •: "Twdve or fourteen, days mote,' madam; no longer." "^bu.cannot afford too many wet days out of them. Well, for twelve or fourteen days I shall see you-here, then, that is if I can summon courage to continue these morning perambulations.. . What a foolish woman I have been all this time not to have made a companion of .you before! May. I ask what .profession ypu areT" ,, 4 . '.," A teacher at a government school." "Somofifi*? " " " No mother," -repeated Prudence mournfully. " I wonder how old you are ? " _ Prudence could not forbear smiling^at this, and the lady burst into rather a wild, yet musical laugh. • "Ah! I am a tiresome, inquisitive woman. Pray forgive me, miss. I have been for so many years locked away from society, that I have forgotten its common usages. No.matter, you are young; there is a frank heart in your eyes. I am a reader of- the face—yours pleases me." " I am very glad to -hear it," said Prudence, drily. ..,••' "I don't take readily:to faces—I have a horror of new fades, flashing by me in-the street,-crossing by me in country lanes. _ I wonder, why I should be smitten with yours!"' . "So dark.and withered for its' years, too!" added Prudence. ' "I have been a woman of strange fancies all; my-life. I resolve speedily. I take, a : sudden fancy .here!"-. - • And -she laid her hand so suddenly on the arm of Prudence that the young teaoher started. "Oh! you are nervous, like me," said she, with another short laugh. "Persons with nerves never succeed in the world. Yes ; I take a fancy; a secret affinity, or a new electricity of the human system for which philosophers have not yet a namo, draws me towards you. I could no more help coming down the bank, this morning than I could stay the iron hand of fate that is.breaking me up—breaking.me up! " And the lady gave a little stage wave with her hand that was akin to the extravagant. After a moment, she said quickly— " What book is that you read sometimes on the beach—Shakspenre ? " " No; Milton," said Prudence; " a favorite pocket-volume of my father's." " Sliakspeare is the king of poets. Milton is dull, and heavy, and religious. The fancy of the blind poet chills me—it is powerful, but cold. Yet what a tragedy he might have written for the stage! Have you Milton with you ? " From a little side-pocket in her dress Prudence produced the volume. : "There:is a line applicable to you and me —to that affinity I spoke of but a moment since. I' wonder if my memory be good enough to find it. I have not had a Milton in my hand Bince " •'She st9pped, her colour changed, and the book dropped on the pebbly beach at her feet. " My God ; but this is very strange and awful! The hand of fate indeed in all I do, and say, and think. Here is your book, Miss—my memory fails me—the air is very cold—good morning !" And without glancing at Prudence Gurnett again, she gathered her Bhawl round her and hurried away. Prudence was at a loss to attribute a reason for the strange demeanour of the lady. She stopped, picked up the Milton, so disrespectfully dropped on the wet pebbles, and slowly retraced her steps towards Abbotsbury, the figure of her late companion some distance in advance of her. For a moment Prudence felt an instinct to follow her; and then the former suspicions of the lady's sanity assured her that she was better apart from her late eccentric companion. And yet there was much method in her madness; she was only a little strange, and people were a little strange at times—she was herself. Perhaps there was really a line in the book that the lady had chanced on, and found it struck home; the lady was of an imaginative, excitable temperament, and believed destiny. Prudence went home full of thought, and until her hand was on the humble latch of the, cottage door, had resolved to relate , the whole adventure-^uch as it was—to her father. : At th^Bpnoment she changed her mind. Mr. Jkj^rott was a nervous man anything outef the comton way disturbed and perplexed! him, turnl|l him from the happiness he had come to the sea-shore in search of. She would. content herself with saying she had had 'a 'little chat with a Btran'ge.lady on the Chesil Bank. ' /She stood at the cottage door looking across the fields, along' which the lady was Btill. hurrying, with .her head slightly bent and the, rich shawl drawn tightly round her, Prudence was inclined' to. be imaginative herself that morning; she could almost fancy the stern, fate of which the lady had spoken was driving heracrpss the landscape,; A clutnp of trees would conceal her Boon-from view. Prudence ' would: ; watch her till;'she tntiaed it;;'and with her band 'Am the doorlatebj Prpdence stood in the front little garden and' wondered if the lady would look back agtiin'before the trees were passed. It was rifeing ground there, and Prudenpe •fancied slie could see the lady put her hand to' hpr heart 'as she struggled up the green slope,. althriiigh her pace ..seemed. still bb rapid at that 'distance. "By'the "trees at last where: the ground dipped' again, ' and she should lose ber.' On the'rising ground.the lady stoppled suddenly and turned. Prudence, could' see her Bhade her eyes with her hand and-'look; for-a moment towards her and the cottage, her veil and, dress fluttering in the wind, and ihe ebawl that still clung tightly to her figure a bright spot of colour in the landscape. A moment afterwards and ishe Was gone.; Prudence went into the cottage, took off her bonnet and mantle, and proceeded to get rid of her thoughtful looks, and of si slight feeling of unaccountable depression, before fier father joined her. 'And Prudebce succeeded, for she Was a girl of strong will; and it was the usual bright fape that turned, towards Mr. Gurnett, as that gentleman - came shuffling. down in his slippers ten minutes afterwards, ."Bad. hours,"sir, that Doctor Prue must E ut a fetop to," tried Prudence, running to im. and kissing him; you have loBt the sea-breeze and'the country air to-day, for it will rain in half-an-hour." ' " Dear Doctor Prue is weatherwise," said Mr. Gurnett,- as he took her in his arms ; "and dear Doctor Prue will, not begrudge me iny. lftte rising, if -I. tell her^ have had suchhappy dreamB.", " About the cottage —our foinre pottage?" ' ' ' - ; .,"•• :. "Eight, girl. Such a cottage,as this, only with more roses about the door. Well, where, have you .been (fats' mornings and with what adyentures have you met?" „ '' Prudepce touched lightly on tflie subject of the Chesil Bank; spoke ,of a constant fre-. quenter there, at an hour , as ,jady, as her aril' oertwniy iifwant of a companion, or she would not have bidden her good-morning and discoursed on the weather. Keep up the acquaintance^ Prue," said Mr. Gurnett, rubbing his hands; "it may be a . chance to better yourself in life- Supposing the lady were to take a fancy to make you her companion in earnest— offer you a handsome salary and nothing to do for it. How near we. should be to each other!" "You will soon be leaving the Limes aind seeking your fortune elsewhere." "I" am not so sure of that," said Mr.' Gurnett; " Mr. Lanceford -seems loth to part with me. He has a grand library at the Limes, and I am half inclined to fancy he-will make me chief warder of the books when Willie goes tp college. So' don't throw away a chance of bettering yourself, Prue!" He spoke lightly, but there was sanguine dreaming mid his jesting. "He was quick 'm to make a story, from nothing, and he could not fancy it veiy singular that a strange lady should take a fancy to his Prue. Anybrdy would take a fancy to hie girl and love her at once—a cheerful, amiable, warmhearted-little thing as she was. God bless her i Prudence Gurnett was right; her father had lost his chance of leaving home that day. Before breakfast was over the rain was descending- heavily, and the leaden appearance .of the sky betokened no clearing up. They spent the day together in the small parlour, and Prudence did her best to make the hours pass smoothly; she played chess with her father, sung him all her new Bongs—-she had a fine contralto voice, that made the cottage ring again—she told him all the brightest anecdotes of her teaching experience—and told them in so humorous a way, interspersed with bo many quaint remarks characteristic of herself in her best moments, that Mr. -Gurnett never felt more happy. " What a girl yours be, sir!" said the rustic landlady as she was laying the cloth for dinner that day, Mr. Gurnett was looking from the window at the damp landscape, and bis daughter had retired to change her . morning dress. Mr. Gurnett had fallen into a, dreamy, comfort- able state, and was ignorant of his landlady's propinquity, till her hard Dorsetshire accent roused him from reverie, Ay—yes," said he, with a jump at being taken unawares; " what a girl she be, elv—the best.of girls, my dear madam ! " "Loike the sunshine, bean't she, sir?" " A happy Temark of yours, Mrs. Sanders," said the old: gentleman, rubbing one hand over the other after Ms old habit— " an exceedingly happy remark. Like the sunshine—yes, exactly. Bright and warm —not. alone in herself, but giving- the warmth and the brightness to others, and making the heart glow. 0! I don't be lieve there can be such another child under heaven!" "Ihad a child just loike her, sir, twenty year agone coom Christmas," said Mrs. Sanders, who was inclined to be loquacious and maundering—" all sperits, sir, to the l a s t ! " . . . . " God bless my soul! did she die ? " "Died of consumption, sir. Weak chest tooked her off in a flash loike. Ah! tho best drop off first, sir, and the bad 'una is the hardiest." " I hope not—I hope not." This was not Buch a pleasant old woman, after all; she disturbed hia nerves talking of death—of the grim enemy snatching away someone like his Prudence. He wished'the woman would go! But the old lady was fond of gossiping, and that dead daughter was a fruitful theme. Mr. Gurnett could not turn her out or change'the subject of conversation; and Prudence found them both in tears on her return, and looking the picture of miseiy. Why, father, I can't leave you a minute," she cried, reproachfully. " Oh! that horrid woman," groaned Mr. Gurnett. But Prudence was soon stemming the tide, and Mr. Gurnett's smiles were shortly back again. . The next day Prudence was at the Chesil Bank again. -The morning was fine, the wind had dropped, and the lash of the waves against the shore was not so furious. Mr. Gurnett, sure of a fine.' day, had not attempted early rising, and Prudence Gurnett had the bright day and the bold sea all to herself. All tp herself,, for the lady came not; for the first time since Prudence's sojourn at Abbotsbury ehe and,the lady did not meet. Nothing seen of the lady that .day or the.next;; on the third after the interview, .when Prudence was, fancying the lady was ill or had, left Abbotsbury, she made her appearance once more. She oame atraight to Prudence and shook hands witli her as if they, were old friends. . - . " Had you-not given me up for good ? ". she asked, with that strange abruptness or forced frankness that Prudence had remarked in the first interview.- •• ,"I thought you had gone to London, perhaps." . • " I go to. London !" she exclaimed ; " I have -not seen the evil city for many a long year; its very noise would kill me now. No —I have been .shut in my own dull room hero,. thinking of my fate. Are. you a predeBtinarian?",. . . . . "No, madam" "Ah!. I am. : I believe that there is no resisting fate—that we are; automatons with no command of.- ourselves, , hurried^ hither and tbithpr by a stronger will than our own." ' "It would be a comforting excuse for all the faults we commit madam, could we iiojvestly Relieve .that our sins were marked out for.usi" . . The lady looked for a moment intently at Prudence. ".You are quick to respond,''but ypu have not studied , the subject-—which is too deep end grave for one of your years. There it a fate," she said, with set'teeth, " hard, and : unsweVving, and cruel!" " There is a merciful God, madam." " Fate leads me hither today," continued ishe, - not, heeding Prudence's remark. I h^ve tried to resist it ; butlo! I am here, a powerless woman. I would have given all I possessed .in the world not to:have seen your face again, and it is turned towards me now!" V' Is it such a veiy ugly face ? " said Prudence/with a laugh. - : - - The woman's earnestness had startled Prudence not.a little, but she could not help .attempting to. check the extravagance of her speech.../.' , .i. v,... ! . ; " I havB ,been hoping against hope with ttiftfiifee?' "" " " * " May I ask for a solution to the riddle ?" " No ! " she answered almost fiercely; ".the CEdipus is dead who might have solved it—loved to solve.it once. Where's your Milton " At home, madam." " Do you leave here so soon as you anticipated ?—Let me see, it was twelve or fourteen days last Monday ?" ' " We shall not extend our stay." " I am glad," she mnrmured. Pri ce made a little mook curtsey, •: and said " thank you.".- " You are in better spirits than when I ; •saw you last," said' the' lady,somewhat caustically. I have the reputation of bearing a light heart, madam."' ! ( .— '-•• But you: are a grave woman," was the -quick response'; "a woman -who has bornemuch trouble herself, and suffered much' from the shame of others—a woman who works hard to live. What right have you with a light heart?" ; " It may not be so' light -sometimes as-I would- make it appear.for the sake of another whom I love; but Btill, there is hope and faith in it." " And that other whom you'love is—? " She paused, and seemed to wait somewhat anxiously. " Is my father." "Your father? " "Yes." "Your father?" she repeated for the seoond time, and again Prudence replied in the affirmative; " May I ask his name, without appearing too impertinent ? " "Abel Gurnett." The lady's lips compressed, her eyes sought the ground, then glanced almost mockingly at-Prudence. ' And there is no such thing as fate ? " she said, with a short laugh. "Well, we will say not. I know nothing of Abel Gurnett, he knows nothing of me; you are a lighthearted frivolous body, and I am a mad woman. Honestly, now, don't you think me mad ? " No," replied Miss Gurnett; "I may fancy you eccentric, as it is impossible for me to make you out; but I consider you quite sane, at present." Ab ! you are satirical," Bhe said ; " you would put an end to my stage heroics, and remind me what strangers we are to each other. So be it—let us talk common sense for the'next half hour, by way of a ohacge, May I lean upon your arm ? " She aBked the question almost, timidly, and Miss Gurnett; who was not so certain of her companion's sanity as she had asserted, affected not to hear it. She did not care for quite so affectionate a juxtaposition on ,bo early an acquaiutance. The lady did not repeat the question, but walked on. silently by Prudence's side. She talked common sense after that, as they wended their way towards Abbotsbury; spoke of the country, of the fine weather and the harvest; of Pru dence's return to London, and how she would miss the morning walks by the sea-shore when in London again, in a calm, matter-offaot, lady-like tone, singularly in contrast to her past excited demeanour.- They parted quietly near the cottage, and the graceful bend of the head, and the leisurely pace with which she proceeded up the rising ground afforded a marked contrast to the hurried termination of. their first interview. They met for several mornings in succession after that. Prudence made no effort to escape the meetings ; indeed,, began to look forward to them with some degree of anxiety. She was interested in the lady, was, to a certain extent, flattered by the lady's interest her. She would have liked to know the lady's history, wherefore Bhe believed in destiny, why she had chosen Abbotsbury for a hermitage, 1 and who and where were her friends. Destitute of facts to build a story on, Prudence drew freely from her imagination, and pictured a woman whose mind had been- weakened by ttouble, who had seen husband and children die off and leave her lonely, till all her woman's sympathies were aroused 1)y the delusion^ She had not taken so readily to anyone since her childbood. ' A short time since, she had thought that she should soon' learn to love Mrs. Lanceford ; but the very mystery about this new face roused her far more strangely. And yet there were times when ehe shuddered at the harsh, unfemioine tones of her voice, and at the strange,: unwomanly, talk of the world that escaped her npw.and then;.. The last day but; one of the holiday arrived,-and with ita.new.phase of hiBr strange: acquaintance's oharacter. They had not met: on . the Chesil Bank that day, but had sauntered by the eea-Bbpre .and under the cliffs where the white sand had collected,. Suddenly, the lady had said— L; " You ;leave here the day after tomorrow? " -"'Yes, by the;early government train." "Is it absolutely necessary that you travel parliamentary? Are you so poor as that?" " I am of a saving, turn of mind,. but -not particularly poor. The money that I save by travelling economically, I shall put up. for the bright day to which I. am looking forward." ' . . n , " " Will you tell me what that is?" Prudence spoke of the cottage she - and her father were going to inherit some! day.- " A dreamy perspective—it will never come true.- Too Jar .in the distance, and the chances pi life too muoh against you! " "I trust not." — "And is that the end of life—the highest good" to which you look forward,—nursing a sick parent in his dotage ? You are a strange girl." "iahall be very happy!" * " You will get married, and have children to .love more.dearly than your father. You will learn to smile at this day-dream." ; "I shall never many, madam!" . "Nonsense!" ' -.'' . " No man cares to marry a mystery, andl could not, be -open and,-frank to him who sought me." " Y<iu have your secret, then ? " "Yes." " An old family secret ? " "Yes." > .- ,-' • -• -•:•" i There was nothing like sunshine.-on that dark face, then. ' _ 'i " Live in the 'present, child, and leave the past to itself. You have done no wrong; I : am sure!" ^il'L Prudentee did not anBwer, and they walked on . for some anmA time fimo .in'Rilniinfi. silence. They Thfiv - weft retracing their 1 way; when'the 'lady, stopped- bt a cutting in the fliR sandisaid^: w'zk. ? 5 u J? the i^gh^^d,. silwJAewe you h^e." " Good-morning. Should I not see yon again, good-by—and pray give up your ideas of fatality." . . • - " I shall be on the bank;to-morrow, if the day be fine; but I have provided against - contingencies, and am. prepared to say goodby at once." . •, v She held out her hand, and Bradence placed hers within it, ,then r looked tip with surprise as she felt something hard in her clasp. . -.-• • ' .i " 1 'ii* " Keep this in remembrance of the flighty Woman you met 'on : the OheBil Bank, will you?" . . •:••• -V . " What is it—nothing valuable,;! liop'e ? " " A little' trinket that I shall - not - lilies. It's worth but little—false French jewellery that I do not offer for the value's sake;' but pray, keep something of mine—do, "for God's sake!" <'.' .•'. ; • .. Madam!" cried Prudence, reproachfully. But the lady had darted up the -cutting in the wild manner characteristic of her .first interview, and Prudence was standing .with a morocco case in her hand. '"After" a-moment's consideration she' opened'-thr case, and found therein a bracelet fashibr like a serpent, and : set with many jewels J were excellent imitations of rubies 'atid d monds as they sparkled in the sun; 1 Pi dence hastened up the chalk cutting to tL summit of the cliff. Bhe had her doUbts o the '-value of the bracelet, and was anxious to return it. But only the sharp wind 'met her on. the heights, and the lady of •• the Chesil Bank was nowhere to be seen. '"'There was a gay little villa fronting the sea' k short distance from Prudence, and she -fancied that might be the lady's house; -but there was no sign of her in the garden, or at the open'bow-window, wherethe muslin curtains were being tossed by the sea-breeze. Prudence went on the high road with no better success, and reached the 'cottage without meeting her late companion. Mr. -Gurnett was anxiously waiting for her, walking up -and down the front garden, and nervously changing his stick from his right hand to his left, and back again. "How'very late you are this morning,^, Prue!" said-he, half fretfully; althoughhis face beamed again at her approach. : "I have met the lady of the Chesil Bank again—met with quite an adventure." " Tell it me at breakfast ; the eggfl are as hard as bullets, and your adventure may amuBo me -while I lay the foundation: 1 for a week's indigestion." " Why, father, you are quite angry with me!" • _ 'f No, my.dear, no I " he answered quick ly; " don't think that. Just"a trifle disa* pointed; because the dayB are few with tit., and I wanted them very long—these last two. Why I rose half an hour earlier! Now, my dear Prue, " What plots have we now in hand f They say; when only one dame is alone She plots some mischief; bat if three together They plot three hundred." " But we were two together." " Quite right; but I did not consider it just to mine ancient author to change: his text for the sake of the accuracy. 1 Here she is, Mrs. Sanders," he cried to that honeBt landlady, who entered with the coffee ; " and she has not been blown away, Chesil Bank and all, like that lady in the distressing story with. which' you favoured me just now." "Ah! poor body, it was true enough, though; and though the Ohesil Bank: .oame back right as ever with -the next tide, the lady didn't." "But surely her ghost did, .or it is .not half a legend," said Mr. Gurnett/ who could afford to smile novc at the. story; "for • • '.--; I wilt have aghast; nay, I will have acbrnpetenca of ghosts." r '. t\ r s Mrs, Sanders said she did not know where he'd;find them, then, and went out of the room 'somewhat indignant." * Prudence 'and Mr.'Gurnett began their breakfast, and - for fear of disturbing her father and' spoiling his appetite, Prudence .deferred 1 her nhrrative till Mr. Gurnett had: got through '.his hard eggs.: r'- '. : " Well, now then," he said,' impatiently; "and be brief, my dear,' for I intend a long n stroll this morning." " Are you'a judge'of jewellery, papa ? " " I have'not had any to judge since I-lost my fortune in rash speculations many years ago; but I fancy the real thing is iiot^ifficult to detect. What have you found ?' The necklace of diamonds that the' youiig lady 'wore when she -was''blown • aWay'with the Chesil Bank,; in ages'remote^" . ,- ••'] -.Prudence placed;th& case in 'his' haflds. Mr. Gurnett opened it, took the - Serpent therefrom, and- looked with'- the eye <Jf r a connoisseur at the jewels'with-' which the 'head was encrusted. -i" ' -t - .-' na . "^Somqthing next.'door to ^rst-rate. We must advertiseit, Prnej <a ! ihundred pounds sterling ;at least sunk here, to feed- some fine lady?B vanity. And the moral to that vanity is the loss of the fferpeht? G, the fair eyes weeping ;and the white teeth -gnashing ^ by this time." . " • "This"isa preseritj papa." • "What?" ••-•'! Mr. Gurnett pushed baok his chair, and looked with ^amazement at his daughter. Prudence briefly told, the Btoiy, and- threw a little more light on the character of the lady whom Bhe had lately been in the habit of meeting." ; ',. ;.• " ^ "Mad as a 'March-hare, Prudence. A mad. lady's maid, perhaps,, making off with her .mistrese's' thing® j and inclined to do the generous at other; people's expense. > - -This. mustbereturnedjPrue/' <'I am anxious, to return it." • \- V We muBt "not'leave it till to-naorrtw. We must seek her out,- find her place * of residence, and explain her that we cannot receive such costly gifts. < r : Tell me more about this—this w<6man,":said Mr. Gurnitt, becoming; grave. ' • " There is" "floaaething r mysterious here; I don't like it." ' Prudence; entered into^ further 'details; told plainly and simply *the r whole story, even to the: dropping of BGlton on the Oheeil Bank. •• -She endeavoured to give a light turn to the whole narrative,' but inlhis instanoe failed. Mr. • Gurnett waabecotning graver every instant. ">''.'>) "Perhaps -she'thought fate destinefl my brown Wriet for Bo valuable ;an adornment She speaks a great deal of her fate.! Mr. -Gurnett sprang up—then drop[ baok in bis chair, dashed; his germ and h'el amongst the. tea-things wildly, and .lefr^he serpent fallhearily to thefloor, : whehe r itjUy glittering Jike,a thingof evil that it ad Wit|).>jts^enom.into.that peacafol ftonHB&StZ; l \i' Aeytj^'tlfefc that, after all tame yean," be moftoed. \- 'TOffiouFidoKiig-up: ^^"^MTjeReve" any-" . thing. ,but that J And : yet the .gift—the; strangeness of -the woman—the belief in fate. Still that old, old folly that brought abmi tier-rain. Prudence!"' ' ' Prudenoe was at hiB side, her arm round his neck, .and her dark hair mixing, with the grey. She was as white as maTble—but as • i-Eim,- . :; , . tf Prtie,' Prue, did you never-have the r ; suspicion what all this might possibly mean? That out of a thousand chances, this only one might, by God's will, fall at our feet ? . , ",I.have sot thought so, until " ' "XJntil now. Tes, and now it is the wakening. It would account for' every- .;,tiling!. But, my poor : girl,' you - must' be • firm; thisis a-great trial for you. Look at ; me—how strong and full of nerve' I' am '••• Don't,give way, Prnel " • Mr. Gurnett was shaking in every limb. '. .-but he .was 'anxious to afford her consola- .'•"•• "Trustme." "Pick up the bracelet, Pnie; let us set ,:: out at once.. That villa on the coast you i spoke.of is very likely to be the housed—more ..than likely, remembering what she iB. pray it may be fancy." .', M'Why?" • >'• " Why! Do you ask me that questionis it possible ? " "We may be weak and powerless for good—I am sure of that; but may there not some little comfort in knowing' her 1 to have something left of the woman's heart— , .the woman's love ? " . God knows if this "be any proof of love ! Oojild she'have, had any when——" . "Cease—letus.go." They left the cottage together in great haste, forgetting the bracelet, which Prudenee ran back for. On her return she -found Mi-. Gurnett sitting on the hedge .bank, with his hand to his side. "The old palpitation, my dear; Ishallbe better in a minute. Perhaps I am not •quiteso" well strung in the matter of nerves aslfancied.a moment since. ' Perhaps it is fancy after all—every bit of it, and we are ) both needlessly alarming ourselves." .• "Will you wait at, home forme, papa? I.will not be long." : 1 f "Long enough for me to die with suspense," said he, rising with alaority. "Let us be moving, Priie ; I can bear the worst with you.; You arid'I together have shared trouble-^shared lately much happiness. Whatever happens I'ban bear it,rememberi ing the promise made by you in the years gone by. That will not be broken, • daughter he asked, with a'etrange eagerness. .•« We shall never part, now? " . • "Never!": . iff- ." CHAPTER- XXIII. Father and daughter went on silently together along the high road ; both had much to think of and to be troubled with. Pruderies knew that, while the fearful. suspense lasted there would be little good in offering consolation. Let it all turn out as Mr. Gurnett feared—as She feared herself now—and she •might play her old part of consoler, if the shook did not wholly strike him down. Be- • fore the villa that Prudence had . before rerirarke'd, and looking over the light oaken • 'f^nee that separated the front gardens from -./the road,- the trembling hands of Mr. Our-: ; • -nett on his daughter's arm.-' The bouse looked as Prudence had seen it. last—the , -same bow-window w6b open, and the, lice curtains were still being tossed by. the wind •-romen, perhaps, 'of ; ari 'unsettled. mind within, and of a house wherein there was ino v • hray test. ' • • • Was thek-e a fate cruel and hard for the t • lady 'of'thfe .Chesil Bank? ind did all things tend to bring together for a little while the linkp pj fLuchain that were Tudely severed years ago? It seemed so. The window 'iof <••: Ba-oomabove; opened, 1 and a' Stoart servant . . maid shook itherefrom a rich shawl that Pru- : .dence reoognised. A.servant maid tof indole ; lent habits; .and inclined to'dust arid brush ;from the open window, and to hang half out . , ,-<!f;it r.8ndrmakedumb motions to a red-faced > .iyputb (. who emerged at this molnent from the stable, and who, interpreting theta'tomeiin,' ; v : WiaS;he..goirigfluti!with "'the'chaise arid th6 r4,;,jpipsi8?":,flhook! his head and went through a little pantomimic sparring out of sight of • the -bow-wibdow, till he 'dhnced himself i-.Pgainst^i-dfthliaMd snapped it intwo. >• - -.".TbeJady who gave'me the bracelet liveB . • n here, I think,": said Prudence." • •, •';' " What makes you think «o ?!' MTheshawll".; :ii. ; s •- Ae boll;. ithen ? let us follow the path towards, ithe .house; let tin end this , :, S j^ful. Xibcertainfy (that makes children 1 of iiS -i:'.n'«Mft -Gucnett teonia have hardly liked fa ;.-apknowledge that Prudence -was inore calm and determined than he. c7r ThByran'g the bell,'opened thegate; arid ; • arent towards (the house.. 'The servant seeirig . -Ithem ., 4pproacli,' immediately 'disappeared, v and bftd .thb «ntrance-do'or Mien before' the , slow prflgreBB of'Mr. <ahirri«f; who kept his i':eyeSi!4irepted"-to -Jth'e.' opto 'window, had brought them beneath the portioo: • ; j : "I wish to'8ee;theilady <of the housed'said Prudence. " f.ni: ?Jhi5^a6feoJike the 'gentle TOedicaht, with .„her,flitnBy;lnce.patternB, or heirittbscriptlob- (i femily in' tliBtreas,' that the'- servant • : ftom Ather to daughter diitriirt- • „;!) :,i ;;s - vl)!?: ! !. ' | " Will you tell your mistress that the lady shp met upon ^he sands this morning wishes ; i forja minute'a converaation with her?" . ..The servant;donsidered thia messagfe wo'rth : tpking tojiher Jld&empHir;. upon a secorid glance at the visTtoiSj'Tarioied thSra wfts' hit much of the.beggings impostors aboat 'theti,' .77^rrshe iwaUmd'to theifiret door <on her riehit 'jo tapped therdat;t and ente'red. There Was ja ..i, Joug,paube,iarid MiyiQtmiett leaned agSihet (.f.thedoojr, and put' hiBlhand'to his tfd6 again.' ;EnooUnteririg his daughter's glaricb'he' gave ^(fi BicJfly.Bmile. rana "said—"it-is rather trying, Prue.", n-!?; • 'r.oh I ; -' i \- P: ;/,The servant rethnieid-Bt InM: t - ,-y MkisJ /Eastfield'si wmnlimentt, and she \- , vap,,f^r ,ifrbm well,—suffering from a sick , headache; . Would "the Voung ladv call in , ihpiaftBhioon, alone?" - •••• • — uffJiooBshe know Shat'I arn 'oOccimnariied. then?" : V. ' \- *' She Asked ?the questioni miss." ! >! ""SBU: yon fell her - that' Mr. Gnrhettisther;.fltayf??i io -w.. > , r. ^ - r-H ">4 Mr. iGuTOBtt, with no 'furthBr *6gard 9remony,Aadhast«ied past the !1 eervhot- And grirife swiftly «nd unsteadil^ %4 Dnii-Jike aidrimtan 'iflbn'yhti feels iiis iihinioe iof )pro(n , esn<ki is iierit iafterwards there ' rang thin^fa' the .^Jie-long and jAetdng of a 1 ttMjn , eii ! ,e'tB0v wv.-ir iu. nsiz twii • s s t -woman, and Prudence and "the servant Tiurfied into the.room. The:Iady who had been so constant a visitor to the Chesil Bank had half raised herself from a couch at the farther extremity of the room, and was glaring at Mr. Gurnett, who had dropped into a chair a little distance from her, and was looking at her with a face like death. . A hand wildly waved in the air checked the servant, who- stopped, went out of the room and'closed the door, and then the lady sprang to ler feet, and said to Prudence— ." Tou must take him away—I cannot see or heaz him now. 0! pray take him away.". . "I—I shall be better in a minute," gasped Mr, Gurnett, "and I shall not go." " Not go ? 0! my God, not go ? " " Too many years of my life, Hester, have I wasted in the Bearch of you to leave you now without a word." "Tour words can do no good—they can but':accuse me of all the evil I have sown broadcast in the paths of you and her!" She sank on the sofa again, and once more entreated Mr. Gurnett to leave her. • Sister! "he began. " 0 ! not sister—no longer sister to you I have'disgraced. Don't speak like that. Do go, Abel; there is no power in earth or heaven to change my life, or make me better than I am. Fate was too strong for me. I am resigned to what St has reduced me!" " Fate! " uttered Mr. Gurnett scornfully. " Tou are still ready with that poor sinner's excuse for all the crimes committed in the past ? Was it fate that made shipwreck of a home, deserted an only child, gave all who bore your name some share in four disgrace? Hester, there is no true repentance in you yet. I did not expect it. God knows, that hoping against hope, as I might, I did not in my heart believe you were other than the woman who fled from us' years ago." ' She turned fiercely to her brother. " Do I look the same woman ? " she cried mockingly. "Are you skilful enough to read a heart that is a mystery to me ? Tou are cruel enough to take advantage of my weakness, and heap upon me your cowardly reproaches. Tou have been cruel to me all your life." " I am cruel enough to offer you a shelter from the world, to forgive the past, arid seek to make your future one less shadowed by an evil presence. Will you take me at my word ? " I bhve done with you, Abelj" she said, more softly.' " I chose my path for good or evil, and there is no turning from it. I have nothing to complain of. I am more happy than I deserve. Will you leave me now ? " "Not yet," said Mr. Gurnett, drawing a long breath; " I have something; more to say." "Father, you must let me speak," and the low voice of Prudence sounded for the first time in that sumptuously furnished room. "Father—why father?" muttered the unhappy woman. Prndence Gurnett, of a death-like whiteness herself, fixed her dark eyes on the questioner, who shrunk from them and looked down at her feet. "My own'mother left me when I was very young," said Prudence, in tones so cold and piercing that the woman on the couch winced more and more, as though each word was an arrow of-ice that struck her; "too young to guess the nature of her crime,! or judge of all its awful consequence. My own father was in hiB gravo then, and thus I was left an orphan, to the mercieB of a hard world. . I could not expect to find any mercy there; yet it proved more merciful, more full of charity, inore loving Jthan the mother who ran away without a thought of ine!" • "No, no!" were the stifled tones that eBoaped from the white hands spread before the face; ; :" An uncle, whom I had seen little of, Mid bn .'whose affections I had no claim, stepped from that world and made his home my own. Prom! that day iny love for him who saved me has been great; his love for me is that bf a father's, and I will be hiB daughter all his life. I have taken, his.name.. In after -years we eh all live together—father arid child—striving by. each other's love to make some aiiiends for the shame bequeathed us byithat mother whoidied so early." " I • understand you. It is a bitter reproach/' murmured-the woman, as she rocked herself to and fro. " It is part of my fate. Just or unjuBt, I utter no complaint, bear" tne'witness to this, at least." -.' *':0 ! for a- complaint against the errOrlof your ways, for one prayer of r'epentance that might bring my mother' back-from the dark grave -of<' her BiriS!'' said Prudence with'a ; sigh;"' "i 1 ' '< \- j ' " I have-chosen my path," repeated'the toother;';" there' is Tib turning'back! "' j ' "God forgive you ! " i " I do tiot 'want forgiveness," cried the mother, 'with ' an awful' recklessness, 'fl make no-'appeal'-for'jneroy.' What was ito be, there could be no escape from! I t(m ffcot 'an »nnheippy 'woman even now, only yiii terrify ine with' your wild reproaches. iA cruel brother, an unnatural child, lam not strong enough-to cope with both." " Will you leave this place ? " aBked Prudence'. '• • ' ' .' , •• • • ! The mother wrung her handstand shook her head. but did not'answer. j • •" Is 'the nursed spell still so strong upon vou +hat there is no resisting it ?" appealed Prudence. '" Are'you'yet so weak as to'prp- 1 fer thiB awful soul-destroying existence to' seeking £he oiily two remaining in the World who pray etill for your better life ? Mother; in 'the natoe ot that-God wh<ose Corgiveness you will not seek, I beg of yon to come With us! " _ ' - V'-." :•. / '. :•' j 'Prudence-Was on her-knees at 1 hw : mother's''Bide, and the mother was struggling 'faintly.to 1 release her hand fromthe daughter's fervid claspi "Don't touch me! I know I am unworthy of you. H koow all thnt I have lost. There is no altering my life; I have'said !l do not wish it." v-, • " Yon will iiot'cotoe with me ? Tou still turn from one who alone can make' you happy?" ' j " Every look would be a Teproach.' I will •wicome!" " Prudence released the hand and 1 rose. "Itis as I feared.father,'is there any- . thing' tnore «cau : det^n' u6 in a house like this??' 4w4t»let," murmured Mr. Gurriett. Pfladeirt^ laid the braenlet tm the confch hy hW mothe^'s «de, saying, " iiad been to iekch^other l would *i6t have akwi aufl «wtly preaenti Hiadain. Ii)amei ''.siiii 1 /«•(' Hither lo'retiirn it, doubtful to the last if the giver.had ever held me as a baby to her ^ breast. Knowing now too well that giver, I place it by your side again. I take no share in the wealth you have acquired: I prize my honest poverty too highly." " Go now," said the mother. '•'Never in the world to see you again, remember." " 0! go now," implored Mrs. Eastfield a second time. Prudence fancied her mother wavered, and made a final effort. In that mother's varied moods, in her half reproaches, her half regrets, she had a faint hope that the heart waB touched, and that good might be evolved from it, even at the eleventh hour. \- " Surely some good angel stands at your side and whispers, 'take your daughter's hand and leave this guilty house.' For that daughter's sake, for your own, for God's— come." . The woman sobbed and rocked herself upon the couch, and wrung her handB once more in her vehemence; but the voice that answered "no" again seemed still more strong. "It is useless," said Mr. Gurnett, rising from his seat and steadying himself for a moment by a little table loaded with ornaments by bis side. " Sin has eaten its way too faT, and there is no moral cure. Hester, I am sorry to remain—sorry to prolong an interview so full of pain to each of us; but I must know his name before I go. Tou understand me—his name." " Never—never—never!" I have sought him half a lifetime, and he is within a hair's-breadth of me now. If you do not tell me, I sit down again and wait here for him, though he be a year in coming. I may be too old and weak to fight him now, but I must see and speak with this evil genius of so many lives. To know the home he has blasted, the misery he has caused, may touch his heart, though its knowledge has but hardened yours. Prudence, leave me here; I have a duty to perform." " No, no—don't leave him here. I shall go mad!" " The man's name ? It is impossible that it can escape me now," -said Mr. Gurnett. "Tou defer the evil hour but for a little while." "Icannot escape; I know it—I know it. But, in mercy's name, Abel, spare me this ! He is not the villain that you think; he is a good man. He has been kind and considerate to me. He has struggled in every way to make amends for all the evil he has caused." I am no believer in his virtues. Spare me, Hester, your praises of the tempter. Give me his name." " Will you go then ? " looking anxiously towards the timepiece on the mantelshelf. " Will you promise to go away at once, and never return ? " Mr. Gurnett hesitated, then said, " yes, I promise." Wei]," said the poor erring woman, heaving a deep sigh, " I avoid the greater evil by telling you. It was to be. I am hemmed in, and there is no escape. .He will see there was no avoiding it. Go now." "The name?" Mr. Gurnett's sister pointed to a morocco case upon the table, on which his hand still rested, and said— "Tou will know the face. Take it away from the house, and let me be quit of you both for ever! I only ask you—a last request—to open it away from me, and spare me further pain. I swear to you that this interview is killing me." i She put her hand to her heart and gasped for breath. i "Why should I know this man's face? Why ?" " By all that's holy, I am telling you the truth. I beg you to go. I beg you to remember that the man you seek has. suffered, and is suffering like me. I shall go mad if you don't go!" And she sprang up with a half-wild scream, and looked going mad that moment. " Father, let ns go." Silently, with only one farewell Jooik to the distressed woman whose weak act had been 'the shipwreck of, her life, they went away from the house, Mr. Gurnett tighily clutching the miniature in his hand'. Along the 'giarderi path he took his daughter's—his true daughter's — arm again, and went slowly in the direction of the shady country road. • He stopped at last arid gave the case;to Prudence: • ' , ' . j ' ' "I cannot open it, my fingers treinble so." ! '' Prudence murmured a silent prayer over the closed case—a prayer, perhaps, that'orie face might not leap to the light in opening it; a face that she feared and believed by some strange. instinct would etari forth. Then she touched the spring at the side, and the- two heads were bent ' ekgeily together. ' ' ' •"God be merciful—this is an awful day!" groaned Mr. Gurnett^ as he gazed with his daughter at the false end handsotrie face of Mr. Lanceford of the Limes. '"' (To he continued.J 