Jiopauhu ojf John fuss J the year 13G9, when Wyclyffe was waging hard battle in England, John Huss (or rather John of Hussinetz) was born in tho little village of Hussinetz, in Bohemia— a country which, on account of its religious and political struggles, has long been regarded with the deepest interest. History gives no details of his childish years. We can only see in imagination the cottage home of the peasant boy. in his beau- mountain land ; the quiet village, in which the only building which towered above he lowly huts were the monastery, and the castle of Nicholas of Hussinetz, the lord of tho .district, the future patron and friend of the re former. Certain it is, from bis own words in .after lifo, that there was nothing in the cir cumstances or training of Huss calculated to .raise him above the humble position in which lie was born ; but his earnest, thoughtful de meanour, and thirst for knowledge, early chowed his parents that theirs was no com mon child. He soon exhausted all the learn ing which tho neighbouring monastery could cupply; and having vainly entreated the astonished monks to teach him the dead lan guages, of wbich they knew nothing them selves, he went to finish his studies at the -university of Prasclislitz. There lie applied himself to the study of the classics, with all the eagerness of ono who has obtained a long wished-for prize; and not content with tho amount of knowledge to be gained in a minor university, lie astonished his mother on his re turn by saying, 1 With the help of God I will yet see Prague.' This desire did not remain ungratificd ; he -found powciful friends willing to aid him ; and the university of Prague opened her gates to the poor student, who was to leave there such a deep impress of his name. There ho found -vouch to interest and much to pain him. With eagerness he seized upon all tjie new facilities for study which the university afforded, often -.remaining lost for hours in some precious -manuscript. But not even his devotion to study oould prevent his earnest and reverential spirit from being deeply pained by tho re proaches heaped by many a thoughtless and jdaring fellow-student 011 all that he considered iuiost sacred. The sharpest sting in these re proaches was the conviction in his own mind hat he could not cast them away as utterly -unfounded. The scandals in the church were patent to all save the wilfully blind. On all -hands the cry for reform was rising. Tho Mendicant Orders, which had been established an the hope of arousing and stimulating the .regular clorgy, had themselves become one of £Jie crying abominations of the age ; till the -name of a begging friar was a synonym for ra pacity and lawlessness. The parish priests were litt'e superior in any respect. Mean while the people wandered like sheep without n, shepherd, and became the easy prey of the many sects which were scattered through Europe, professing all shades of doctrine, from he simple piety of the ' Poor men of Lyons ' io the wild mysticism of the sect of ' the Apostles,' and ' the Brethren of the Free Spirit..' It is too much to affirm that tfierc were no bright spots in this dark picture. There were doubtless within the boundaries of the Romish church men of enlightened piety — a remnant of true believers — men like John Tauler, of whom the world was not worthy. But where disease has attacked the root and centre of a system, its progress is certain, and it will he ultimately fatal ; and the great centre of the church, the Papacy, was hopelessly corrupt. That highest dignity, which many fondly dreamed would shadow forth the Divine father hood upon the earth, had been profaned, espe cially of late, by one unworthy occupant after another; and at this very time the tiara was worn by two popes, eacli of whom professed to io the infallible Vicar of Glirist. Such were the facts which Huss heard dis cussed in the early days of his student life at Prague. Of their gradual effect upon his raiind he has left us few details ; and much as wc long to trace the course of his inner life through that important period, we arc forced to content ourselves with the most scanty in fix- nation. - 'When the first seeds of donbt -whether all were well with the church were .own in bis mind, it is impossible accurately to determine. Much montal suffering was -doubtless his portion, before he could admit the possibility of error in the teaching and jiractice of the church. It is easy for us now o talk of the corruptions of the middle ages, mud to think it quite natural that a riglit- wninded man should free himself from their in fluonce ; but to Huss at this timo his church was the pillar underground of tho truth ; the Pope was the father of Christendom, the shep herd and overseer of the flock; and the services and offices of the church were connected with all his highest aspirations and deepest feelings. Those must have been bitter moments when he first perceived that ho must tbar himself away from much that he held most sacred, and live henceforth feared and hated by his former friends. If we have ever considered the full meaning of those words of St. Paul, ' At my first answer no man stood with me, all men forsook me,' wo can understand the intensity of suffering of even the greatest man, when ho is called to stand alone before liis enemies- Many, agitated by the same convictions as Huss, stifled them, fearing the consequences of th ir avowal, others were led into excesses of violence while attempting reform ; but he united in a remarkable degree strength of pur pose with a calmness and prudence, and a gentle, loving spirit, which preserved him from all extreme measures. A story lias been preserved by some fellow- student, which proves his deep earnestness at this early period. Ono winter morning, as Huss was sitting deeply absorbed in the life of St. Lawrence, he astonished his companions by suddenly thrusting his hand into tho fire which was burning on the hearth. They rushed around him, and seizing his arm demanded whether his reason had altogether forsaken him. With a countenance calm UNd unmoved, be replied, 1 1 was only trying to discover what part of the sufferings of that holy martyr I had strength to hear ;' an answer which some of those students had cause to remember in after days. At present nothing seemed loss likely than that Huss should he called to follow in the thorny truck of the noble army of martyrs. His outward life was bright and unclouded . his learning and eloquence had made his name known beyond the walls of tho university : lie was in highest favour with Sbinko, archbishop of Prague ; and in the year 1100 Queen Sophia appointed him her confessor, which gave him frequent access to tho Bohemian court. In the university, after taking his degree of Master of Arts, he was appointed a Professor, and subse quently President of the Theological Faculty. But his fame as a preacher eclipsed all his other distinctions. In 1402 he was selected to fill the office of preacher at the Bethlehem Chapel, an edifice which had been erected for the express purpose of facilitating preaphing to the people in the Bohemian tongue. Here eager and attentive crowds gathered to hear his fervent sermons ; and so long as he attacked only the sins of the laity, archbishop and priest cast no stone against him. Such a position, attained before the age of twenty-five, seemed to promise a life of honour and success. But this state of things could not last long; a new influence began to work upon the miiul of Huss — an influence proceeding from far distant England. The communication between Bohemia and England had been of late frequent, 011 account of the marriage of Richard II. to Anne, sister of Wenceslaus, king of Bohemia. The univer sity of Oxford was in consequence often visited by students of Prague, who on their return brought with them many of the writings of Wyclyffe and his followers. One of those returned students, afterwards well known as -Hicrouymus, or Jerome, of Prague, showed Huss some of Wvclyfte's works, and entreated him 1o read them. Huss was at first shocked at the idea of touching tiie writings of a heretic, and begged his friend to throw them into the river; but at length he was persuaded to look into the books, and was instantly arrested by their holy fervour and powerful denunciations of the evils existing in the church. His interest in the views of the English reformer daily increased, till his com- panion.fin alarm, reminded him that the author whoso works he was always studying, had by adcoree of council been condemned to ever lasting punishment. 'I only wish,' he ex claimed, that my soul may reach the place where his now dwells.' It is difficult to ascertain to what extent the opinions of Huss were affected by Wyclyffe's writings. Like all who have had a great work to do in tho world, Huss doubtless knew and felt much which he had learned from no human teacher. The light which Mighteth every man that cometh into tho world " had illuminated the dark places in his soul ; a voice which he could not but follow had spoken to him, and prepared his mind to respond to the trumpet call of the English reformer. But whatever may have been the effect of the works of Wy clyffe on tho inner life of Huss, that 011 his outer lifo was easily perceptible. When it was known that he read and admired the works of a heretic, men looked on him with a different eye; his position in Prague was changed; what he might formerly have said .without danger, assumed a new character when asso- ciated with that hated name. The people still heard him gladly, as, growing holder and bolder, he denounced ail which could not stand the test of Scripture. On the other hand. Archbishop Sbinko became alarmed ; and soon his fears were followed by bitter hatred against the poor scholar who had dared to criticise the actions of even the highest in tho church. Meanwhile the university of Prague became daily more and more agitated by its internal feuds. The doctrines of Wyclyffe wore a fruit ful subject of contention. But there was another cause of dispute scarcely less powerful in its effects : the strife of nationality was ad ded to that of religion. Tho university of Prague was composed of four nations — Bohe mians, Saxons, Bavarians, and Poles, the last three being chiefly Germans, and generally in cluded therefore under that national name. In all councils and matters of public interest each of these nations had a single vote. It was there fore perfectly easy for tho Germans to conquer the Bohemians on any subject, having three votes to their one. A council of the university met to decide the question of the new doc trines which had become so prevalent within its walls ; and the threo foreign nations united in condemning forty-five propositions drawn from the works of Wyclyffe. The Bohemians were both displeased at this judgment, and in dignant that foreigners should so easily obtain tho victory over them in their own university. Tho insulated position of their native land, en closed by its mountain heights, made them ever tenacious of tlicir national rights ; and this feeling was raised and stimulated by its association with 'the reformed doctrine, which has over gone hand in hrnd with efforts for liberty, in opposition to tho enslaving tendency of tho Romish system. Huss naturally became tho leader of this party. Sympathising warmly in tho national protest of his countrymen, he laid their grievances before tho king ; and oh. tained the f ecrco, that in all future disputes the Bohemians should have three votes to the German one. Although this was only the re storation of an original right, tho wildest tumult succeeded the publication of the deci sion. Tho university was rent with feuds ; student met student, not in the schools of dis putation, but in the streets and on the bridges, and fought out the battles of churchman and Wyclyflltc, of German and Bohemian. At length, in the year 1409, most of the German party left Prague, and founded a university of their own at Loipsic. Huss was immediatfafter appointed rector of tho university of Prague. His influence and authority were only increased by the late dis turbances. In vain the archbishop applied to the king for power to crush his antagonist, Wenceslaus had a strong feeling of attachment for Huss, and merely replied to the exhorta tions of Sbinko, 'So long as Master Huss preached against us of this world you rejoiced, and declared that the Spirit of God spoke in him. It is now your turn.' In Queen Sophia, the reformer had a devoted friend ; she listened oarnestly to his teaching, and often sent for him to read and oxplain the Scriptures before her. For the present, therefore, he was safe from the malice of his enemies, and preached boldly to all who would listen. The sermons of Huss were no mero academic discourses; they were fervent appeals to the heart and conscience of the common people His mind had been especially drawn to the wants of the poor and ignorant, by his appoint, ment in 1401 as preacher in the chapel of Bethlehem, founded expressly for their instruc tion ; and we may in great part attribute the practical character of his ideas of reform to this actual contact with life in its many shades of sin and of sorrow. He looked at tho errors of the church more as lowering and demoralis ing those who held them, than as corrupting the purity of tho doctrqhes once received from tho primitive church. He-nover saw so far as Wyclyffe ; yet his reverence and admiration for tho English reformer were undoubted. He says himself, ' I am attracted by his writings, in which lie expends every effort to conduct all men hack to the law of Christ ; and especially the clergy, inviting them to let go the pomp and dominion of the world, and live like the apostles, according to the law ef Christ. I am attracted by the love which lie had for tho law of Chrisfc maintaining its truth, and ho ding that not one jot or tittle of it could fail.' It is evident from these words, that although a spirit of reformation had long been active in the university of Prague, a great effect had been produced by tho contact with England, We quote from Dr. Vauglmn, tho biographer of Wyclyffe, a description of the opinions of Huss ; — ' Huss adopted threo leading principles from the writings of Wyclyffe— first, that tho ultimate authority in regard to the Christian religion is in the Scriptures, and not in the Church; secondly, that priestly ordination does not give the Holy Ghost, nor confer any spiritual benefit, except in the case of a priest : who is already a spiritual man ; and thirdly, that the discipline of the church should be such as to enforce good conduct upon the , clergy.' But he did not see how much was in- ' vol ved in these principles. ' Huss, like most men in his circumstances, prophesied in part. He saw the evil, deplored it, and called for a remedy; but did not see the issue to whiek- the principle involved in his remedy would-; lead.' In consequence of thenational charact er of the reform movement in Bohemia, Huss and his disciples were at first associated with many whose aims wore less pure than theirs— who ' sought their own political ends more earnestly than the purification of tho church ; hut these forsook them at the approach of the fiery trial. - One noble and true friend had already taken his stand by Huss's side, in the forefront of the battle — the earnest-minded Jerome of Prague. Noander thus describes the two friends ' Huss was a man of more calmness and discre- tion, of a character at once firm and gentle, more inclined to moderation, possessed of leso numerous and diversified gifts, of a less excit able spirit. Jorome was full of life and ardour, of an enterprising spirit, everywhere attracting; observation, and everywhere provoking oppo- ' sition ; a man possessed of a gift of discourse that bore everything before it, but who in the excitement of the moment was easily led to-' pass beyond proper hounds, one who needed the cool consideratencss of a Huss to act as a check on his activity.' While Huss and Jerome were watching with intense interest, tho progress of events in their little world of Prague, an important crisis had arrived in the great world beyond their moun tains Public opinion in Europe had decided that tho scandal of the rival popes must no longer he suffered in Christendom ; and at length it was resolved to try once again the old expedient — a General Council. Tlicrelwas much difference of opinion as to the power of the cardinals to summon a council without the papal sanction ; but tho earnestness of those who longed to see a hotter state of things pre vailed; and on Lady-day, 25th of March, 1409, tho great Council of Pisa met under the stately nave of the cathedral. (To be continued.) 