ADVICE AND COUNTER ADVICE. • (From the Region.J : .<-,. - - The Government have advised His Excellency one way, the Assembly has advised him another, and on Tuesday the Legislative Council will be siding with the Assembly. Tomorrow His Excellency will wake up to the agreeable sensation of being in a deadlock. Mr. Strangways has so neatly worked it for him as to make him a party to a constitutional trial of strength between the Legislature and the Executive. We have been challenged to specify the risk involved in a ^dissolution. When the Crown and the Government are seen in direct antagonism to the Legislature and the People the risk will show itself. Such a contest no Constitution, however strong—and ours is none of the strongest —can undergo without danger. On a smaller rock many a colonial Administration has foundered, and one notable instance is not far to seek in Australia.. When the danger which is now made so light of has been incurred those who provoked it will be none the less severely judged for the levity of the provocation. And should they be able to weather it without vital damage to the State, they will still have to answer for their motives as well as for the actual results. At present they profess to feel no dearth whatever of self-justification. They overflow with it as the Opposition is alleged to overflow with discord and self-seeking. It is true they exhibit much of the exuberance which takes the form of diversity. The dissolution justifies itself in the eyes of its authors and abettors from so many different points of view that one aigument comes into collision with another. Yesterday we reviewed the remarkable position assumed by the Attorney-General that the Ministry had been " till within the last few days" a successful Ministry, and that its recent misfortunes had originated in the envy of the Opposition at its success. In the ensuing discussion his colleagues and supporter! fought very shy of that standpoint. Its cool irony was beyond the reach of their unpractised rhetoric, so they set up another standpoint better adapted to their blurting declamation. With a desperation almost pathetic they borrowed from the Ministe- nal organ its cuckoo cry about the incapability of the Opposition to form a Government. The Commissioner of Public Works, with his tried henchmen, Mr Cottrell and the medical Jeremiah from the Sturt, bandied about this assertion as if by handling it, and mouthing it, and reiterating it they might really bring themselves to believe it. To dispute the matter of fact with them would only be undertaking the bootless task of attempting to prove a negative. They.may be allowed free possession of their premises if they will reason fairly from them. Grant, then, that the Opposition maynot be able to carry on the Government, or that His Excellency has tangible grounds for duobting their ability. They are still a party in the Legislature; they are one of the potent agencies which control the movements of legislation. For the time being they are the strongest party. They have exhibited strength enough to stop a system of government of which they disapprove. They have done this in full recognition of the principle that the primary duty of the Legislature is to maintain o good o government, _ ^ ^ no matter ^ ^ what may be the personnel composing it, or the private opinions influencing it. By all the laws and usages of representative institutions it should be presumed that they are prepared to substitute another Administration for that which has been condemned. Where a Ministerial crisis involves, as this does, no other question than between men or parties—where the conduct of the Government is alone at issue —every distinct power has its correlative privilege. The power of defeating a Ministry implies a right of succession which only very special circumstances should overrule. Unless on the plea of there being special obstacles to the trial of a party, it ought not to be set aside without trial That is the view an English Premier would be expected to take were he in Mr. Strangways' place. The discovery that there is a stronger power in the Legislature than his own is his constitutional deathwarrant. He has no right to question the motives, or the capabilities, or the intentions of his would-be successors. Only in one reBpect are they amenable to "suspicion from him. He may deny their representative authority, and challenge them to prove it by a common appeal to the country. But this, the only objection which was open to the Government, is precisely the one they have carefully refrained from using. Mr. Strangways himself lacks audacity to pretend that the sixteen who voted against him on Tuesday are not so good representatives of the people as the clique of contractors and holders, of whom he is the centre. He may be entitled to challenge them to an issue on that express ground, but on no other can a political party refuse those who honestly vanquish it the accustomed rights and responsibilities of success. Imperial usage countenances to the fullest extent the doctrine that a defeated Ministry should allow a fair field to its opponents. It knows nothing of snatch votes and surprises, and the hundred other subterfuges by which Mr. Strangways has misconstrued events he could not resist. It does not ask from a successful Opposition any certificate of its ability to form a successful Government. It leaves all that to the natural working of the Constitution. There are instances—and memorable ones—of T^nglig^ statesmen giving way, not merely to a doubtful majority, but to a positive and notorious minority. But for an occurrence of the latter kind His Excellency might not have gained his Under-Secretarysbip in 1866. We maybe allowed respectfullyto remindhim of an event in his own imperial experience which would haye furnished a most instructive analogy to set before his present advisers. In 1866 the Liberal party of England was disorganized and broken out by the Reform question, as our own Assembly has been by the land question. Mr. Gladstone had witnessed schism after schism among his supporters. Caves of Adullam and Tea-room cabals had reduced his strength, and Mr. Strangways has suffered a repetition of the same misfortune on a small scale. As the Reform Bill advanced in Committee its prospects darkened, and the circumstances of the Government became more and more embarrassed. At length, on a trifling amendment to a clause, they were placed in a minority of seven. Mr. Gladstone immediately asked for an adjournment to consider his position, and next day he announced that the Government had tendered meir their resignations to Her Majesty. He was pressed by the Queen to remain, but further reflection did not alter his resolution, and he renewed his advice to send for the Earl of Derbv When His Lordship undertook the task | of forming a new Government, the House, | acting under .the .advice^pf JVJr^Gbuistone, exercised unusual forbearance- towards hSu f among other things granting him the unusually long period of eight dajrejn wjtifih: to consult his friends. The Conservative party were then notoriously in a minority. The House of Commons was split up into factions far more discordant and infinitely more numerous than those which are now alleged to exist in the Assembly. - The country was in a most critical state, both as to home and foreign affairs. Only a month before London had been thrown into a commercial panic, the effects of which had only began to subside, the rate of discount at the Bank being still 10 per cent A few weeks later the long-threatened war between Austria and Prussia actually broke out. Mr. Gladstone had all these considerations set before him by members of various parties in the House. They had been earnestly nsed by Her Majesty as an inducement for him to go on. Public meetings were being held daily throughout the kingdom to express approval of his policy and to censure the Conservative Opposition. But Mr. Gladstone would not lower the credit of his Government by retaining power on sufferance. He relinquished the proudest hope any statesman could cherish—that of extending Democratic liberty. He resigned his maiden Premiership with all its honours, emoluments, and prospective advantages. He frankly Confessed that his Reform Bill was 'a faiI®TE~ He admitted and almost anticipated" jilfe decline of his influence, and without influence he would not hold office. v ' So the Liberal Governmentof 1866gave"#ay to a Conservative party, which, so far froin having proved its ability to succeed,'had never fairly measured its strength with it) predecessors. Mr. Disraeli accepted the rite on sufferance which Mr. Gladstone hid declined. He was allowed ~ to " fining ' the business of the session, though at any moment he might have been turned out. Next session the toleration of the House gave him tbe credit of a reform measure, which when jompleted was Harfalet with nothing original in it but the ghosts Finally, he was permitted to make that appeal to the country which his rival might have exercised a year before with a certainty of the greatest personal benefit. But Mr. Gladstone was no loser in the end by!waituut. The magnanimity with which he rehnquishea. power when he could no longer fulfil 'Hie. duty for which it was given liim earnedjEor him a tenfold greater power as soon as hejwas free to ask for it again. This imperial precedent, which ought to be so familiar to the authors of the premature dissolution now pending, flatly coiitradicta the whole theory and practice of the Treasury benches. Mr. Gladstone had tenfold greater occasion than Mr. Strangways to sneer at the "irreconcilable factions" which opposed him. He had a tenfold better, reason to dispute the validity of his defeat.. < He had tenfold stronger grounds for denying the ability of the House to find a successor for him. He had a substantial inducement to appeal to the country; but Mr. Strangways has not the shadow of an inducement. He had a vital question of policy to appeal upon; but Mr. Strangways, through Bheer exuberance of success, has missed this requisite; for have not aU hit important measures been adopted by ihe \Ltgi*., lature which is so strenuously and ungroslefvtly disowning himt , Were this matter limited to the Assembly, the consequences would of themselves be sufficiently hazardous. It is an unseemly and a ridiculous thing to send out two seta of popular representatives to the hastings merely to blackguard each other, and to hoSd' up to the world a spectacle of personal recrimination. Nothing else will or can come of this dissolution as far as concern* the Ministry. The public questions of the day—land reform and fiscal reform—will have to be discussed apart from the Government, for it has debarred itself fromany further participation in them. After the Treasurer's Free List and Mr. Cavenagh's last speech on the agricultural areas, the Government can do nothing with these questions but throw somersaults to be laughed at. Ministers are going to the country on the solitary and simple issue of their "noble selves." They are going to the electors to inform them that they aro the five, and that the Constitution must die with them. But this contest is not limited to the Assembly," and never has been from'Jibe outset. It as closely concerns the; ot|ier branch of the Legislature, and is quite as much appreciated there. The Conncii and the Opposition in the Assembly are natural allies; and on Tuesday next, by the adoption of Mr. Sfcow's motion—a counterpart of Mr Glyde 's — the alliance will be .invested with the highest constitutional solemnity. The advisers with whom His Excellency has joined his fate had provoked—wantonly provoked—a feud with the Council before they brought their misgovernment to a crisis in the Assembly. When the two majorities have combined their forces, how will Mr. Strangways be able to explain away the double anomaly ? Who will then credit his protestations against a factious opposition? Who will believe tbe tale of his suddenly and treacherously terminated success ? Who will justify his spending fourteen thousand pounds of public money in protracting a hopeless, capricious, personal, defiance of the whole Legislature? Who can fail to see that he has wilfully created many of the difficulties which he now uses as a pretext for appealing to the country ? Who can persuade himself for a moment "that any Legislature which can possibly be elected would tolerate the present Ministry a sixth as long as the Legislature which is trying to deliver itself from them? It is as clear that the Government must be changed or. reconstructed as that certain legislation must be achieved which, they havB ienounced all sympathy with. Miserable^-n&s; the issue would -be which turned ontphp existence of such a Ministiy, this is yet more miserable, because it turns on a narrow point of time. It asks the country whether incompetence and rmpecumosity . ought to be expelled forthwith, or be: spared..for another two months. Can't they take a hint from Lady Macbeth, and -.not 'Stand upon the order of their going ? Why should a whole Bystem of government be thrown into convulsions in order to rid itself <ft twp or three flies on a wheel ? ' ^ ^ 