I^AXCIIETTE. "Within tho lust twenty-ii vo years, or, to speak mi precisely, sinco tho year 1818, mankind, in Christi dom, have been startled by a new revolution, or what its adherents profess to consider as snell, cc cerning tho «tate of cxistenco in which tho spirits human beings move after death. Almost every peoj under tho sun havo entertained tho belief that wo i surrounded by spirits of sonic kind or another, bavi tho attributes and weaknesses of human beings, b in a siipcroiniiiunt degree, and mniiifostiiig n ccrti amount of interest in mundano aiinirs. I'utnnythingli regular intercommunion between tho spirits and mr kind bas been regarded ¡is opposed to divine order, n only to bo effected by tho agency of evil beings. T peasantry of every country have their ghost stor without number ; but thc general sentiment amoiij thom is that only malevolent or suffering spirits r allowed to manifest themselves to mankind. Most tho recorded actions of the genii, fairies, &c;, oxhil them os very whimsical, spiteful, mid trónchelo beings ; while tho spirits of tho dead, judging by t reports to hand hitherto concerning them, havo or appeared when they have been sulfcring fol* some crii committed on them or by them, whon tho flesh. Tho npponranco of happy spirits his earth would seem to havo been exceedingly ran bc reports of such being almost exclusively confined tho chronicles of tho Catbolio Church, which pi fessed to regard thom ns extraordinary mauifcstntio of divine favour, towards some fow of her mc favoured devotees. As to tho condition of tho spiri of mou after death, thc Catbolio Church had pict well committed herself to tho stnt'cincnt that ont bell there is no redemption ; BO that tho Bonis of t extremely wicked nro thus incnpablo of rc-visiting t scenes of their misdeeds in tho ilesh. G'oiiccrnh thc souls of tho just, she lind laid down tho rulo th men of extraordinary virtuo might bo favoured wi visions of such ; but they wcro regarded only as speci marks of divino favour, and were entirely innocent any positivo ** information" either upon mundane spiritual mutters. The devotee in his moment of ho rapture beheld tho heavens open, perhaps, nnd saw did Ignatius Loyola, thc founder of thc order of tl Jesuits, tho " Trinity" demonstrated, or sonic equal sublimo mystery cxploiueil ; but anything Uko into courso between those divino beings and tho favoun individuals who snw them was considered out of tl question. Thcro still remained tho intermedia spirits, which, according to tho teachings of tl Catholic Church, undergo a peculiar kind of punisl mont, fitting thom for tho enjoyniunt of future hnpii lies». These the Church admitted might revisit tl earth under certain circumstances, such ns for the pu Pose of exposing somo grent criino in which they hu linen concerned during their lifetime, mid which pr vented thom from enjoying "repofo" after dcatl Birt it was understood that Ibo mission of such supo nnturiil visitnnts to this earth was confined to tl discovery of such crinio by tho merest pantomime and when their object had been accomplished thc disappeared for ever. Without committing herself 1 any partioulnr statements regarding thc intariucdinl world occupied by tho spirits of thoso who wei neither good enough for heaven nor wicked enough fe hell, tho Catbolio Church has left it to bo undo: stood that tho abodes of such spirits were far remove from this earth, mid their return to it only vouchsafe on . special occasions, ns nlrcady pointed out. Iii while nssuming this attitude as regarded spiritual into: courso with the bulk of man kind, tho Church by 1» notions acknowledged thnt somo individuals were ci abled to hold converse with tho spirits whenever the desired. During tho dark ages, quite a number of wizards and witches sprang into existence, and these pro- fessed to hold constant communion with beings in another state of existence. That they must have producod some evidence in support of their pretention there is not a shadow of doubt; for we find them everywliore tho objects of tho most cruel persecutions, not of thc ignorant populnce alone, but of tho Catholi clergy themselves. Nor did the reformation in the Church do away with the belief in witchcraft. Down to the nineteenth century we find "advanced Protes- tants" in New England pursuing supposed witcbes with thc most cruel and relentless fury. It is true that there has always existed in Christendom a class of sceptics, never very numerous, which has persis- tently endeavoured to laugh down tho foolish super- stitions of tho populace ; but even amongst the staunchest of those sceptics tho wildest delusions have sometimes broken out like an epidemic, and have swept away in an hour tho laborious reasonings of a life time A superior class of pretenders, if pretenders they were, to a knowledge of supermundane being arose too at tho period when scepticism was most rife amongst tho educnted few, and when superstition was most rabid amongst tho illiterate many. The astound ing pretentions of tho Rosicrucian Brotherhood, and one or two other kindred associations, were the theme of conversation in tho most enlightened circles ; whili tho quasi revelations of Albertus Magnus, Cagliostro and others, were accepted with avidity, by many of those who had previously made a boast of their infide- lity, or scepticism on all matters relating to another state of existence. Tho impression made upon the scientific by those people was, however, but verj temporary, and did not extend beyond tho period of their own generations in any case ; so that modern sceptics regard them as clever impostors who had stumblcd on some of tho phenomena of animal magnetism and electro-biology, and made tho most of their discoveries with an inquisitive and unenlightened public. What favours this view of tho case is tho fact that nearly all those professed "mediums" of inter- course between mankind and tho spirits, sold their pretended revelations for gold. Besides, it was notorious that they were more than ordinarily addicted to tho pleasures and follies of tho world ; whereas it must have been natural to suppose that tho peculiar privileges which they enjoyed as "mediums' rendered them to a great extent insensible to mundane plonsures and attractions, and almost wholly indepen ont of tho gold of thoso who consulted them on spiritual matters. Notwithstanding all this, however, thoy left behind them some psychological problems which cannot be satisfactorily explained even at this day; and which are usually disposed of by an in- credulous sneer on tho part of tho more determined sceptics. Where there is a determination to call in question tho veracity of all witnesses of supernatural manifestations there is an end to all controversy upon such subjects as a matter of course. But tho common- sense of mankind revolts against tho insinuation that all tho testimony adduced by tho various witnesses in behalf of tho disclosures of those people is utterly false. Thus tho question stood, up to tho middle of tho present century; tho scientific class becoming every day more sceptical as to tho existence of spirits at all; while tho Christian Church, feeling herself compellcd to keep pace with tho advance of material philosophy, has of late given tho weight of her moral influence to the teachings of science ; which has been to show that matter is governed by immutable laws, and that therefore miracles of any kind are impossible. Of course this view of tho mat- ter places every one who believes in tho Bible in a very awkward predicament. We have miracles, and spiritual manifestations there recorded out of number ; and if they are entitled to tho most unquestioning faith, why should modern miracles be impossible? Various ingenious, and elaborate attempts have been made to surmount this difficulty, but to very little purpose Tho rationalistic expounders of Bible mysteries, like tho reverend authors of tho Essays and Reviews, and Bishop Colenso, have been stigmatised as infidels for their pains, by tho alarmed heads of their church ; while on tho other hand the most vigorous efforts to put down superstition amongst tho people are enjoined by the same clerical chiefs on their sub- ordinates of tho church. In tho meantime, however, a new revelation on spiritual and supernatural mat ters, has been vouchsafed to thousands of enlightened men and women throughout tho Christian world. We call it a revelation because it is accepted as such by very many people who are in every respect worthy of credence ; and because it is daily making converts, and its adherents are numbered not by hundreds, but abso- lutely by millions. Christianity itself wan not ushered in with a tithe of the eclat, nor had it for some centu- ries anything like tho prospects of ultimate success which have marked the introduction and progress of spiritualism since tho year 1818. It is now tho belief of millions that intercourse tho most continuous and thorough, may be had with tho spirits of all who have existed on this earth, by any one desirous of obtaining tho privilege. Tho adherents of spiritualism do no attempt to deny that much imposition has been prac tiscd by professed " mediums" ; but they assert, with much show of reason, that spiritualism is no more to be discredited by reason of such impositions than Christianity should be rendered unworthy of belief by tho charlatanism of too many of its expositors. As many of tho revelations of spiritualism flatly contra dict many preconceived notions upon tho state of the human soul in tho next life, there is at present some thing like a mild war waged against it by tho Christian: Churches ; and it would seem as if tho success of spiritualism were incompatible with an unmodified faith in tho dogmas of those Churches. Of course the adhercnts of spiritualism on tho one hand, amd zealous Christians on tho other, are unwilling to break with each other abruptly ; but it is inevitable that if spirit- ualism gains universal ascendancy, Christianity, as at present constituted, must be swept away. Tho spirits we believe, say that all religions are true in a sense and necessary to men, in certain stages of intellectual progress; but that the day is approaching when forms may be entirely dispensed with, and tho Creator may be served in a rational and consistent manner by ull His creatures. General and somewhat vague as this statement is, it is easy to perceive that when it be comes prevalent there will be an end to our present systems of church government ; although, of course it is not so easy to see whether they will be superseded by other systems of more or less elaborate construction eventually. At all events tho danger is perceived by tho churches and they aro somewhat anxiously awaiting tho furtbc development of thc new creed. Tho attitude of tin scientific world towards spiritualism lins been, on th whole, injudicious. By pretending to look upon the matter as an imposture from beginning to eud, and as unworthy of serious refutation, scientific men have but increased tho popularity of spiritualism, if we may us tho expression. Nothing cnn bo moro unsatisfactory to even an honestly inquiring sceptic, thnu tho muline in which scientific men have regarded tito phoitoiiieii. of spiritualism. Utterly regardless of tho fact, tba theso phenomena are exerting n great influence throughout Christendom, scientific men treat them a if they were of no more importance than tho display of conjurors ; indeed, they do not accord them so mud consideration ns tiley do to tho latter. "When thoy hov been invited to an investigation of thc phenomena^ spiritualism, they havo insisted upon conditions wit! which it wiis perfectly impossible for tho " mediums, in producing those phenomena, to havu complied, ovci wcro they williug to do so. Thus, it has boen insisted that tho phenomena should bo produced in tho fill glnrb of daylight, nt stated hours, and repented whci demanded by the investigator. Now, when it is bom in mind, that tho "mediums" aro entirely at tho will o tho spirits, it will bo soon that it is impossible fo them to imposo conditions of so arbitrary a oharncte as those mentioned ; notwithstanding which, thci inability to do so has been seized upon ns a proof o imposition. It scorns to us on tho contrary, that tin more fact of {Iliterato, and ignorant men, liko Mr Homo and others, inviting such men as I'rofcsso Tymlal to an investigation of spiritual phenomcni ''under any circumstiuiccs," isa prima facie proof o tho genuineness of those tnunifestntions. "Woaro entitlei to expect that scientific men shall diaprovo tin genuineness of spiritual manifestations, by showily how similar manifestations may bu produced withou tho intervention of spirits, lt is, to say tho least, i most anomalous state uf all'airs when uneducated indi viilnals can produce phenomena which men of highlj cultivated intellect, trained to difficult investigations emmit, «fier n quarter of a century's observation satisfactorily account for or imitate. Under such cir- cumstances, it is not wonderful that popular opiuioi favours tho spiritualists, lt is quito true, that sonu of tho most gifted " mediums" havo been licensed o trickery in sonic of their worldly dealings; but thai docs not givo any explanation of soma of tho phenomcni I which they have produced in thc presence of witnes.sci Iof unimpeachable veracity. Mr. Home is charged mid wo believe truly, with nltpiupting to secure i fortuno for himself in a most discreditable manner but that fact is no solution of tho mysterious powers bj j which his body is lengthened, or shortened, half a fool I nt n time, mid by which lie is floated about in the air in tho presence of even watchful sceptics. Professor Tyndall may profess to look upon those manifestations as puerile ; but thousands of intelligent and educated men, including tho Emperor Napoleon himself, havi professed their faith in thoso manifestations o spiritual agency. It is clearly a duty, wilie! scientific men owe to themselves and to society, tc thoroughly investigate the phenomena, of spiritualism, They may rest assured that their contemptuous indif ferenco on tlio subject will not have much weight witl tho public, opposed as it is by thc exertions of thousands of staunch believers, and by tho protestations of men ii: every wny entitled to credit. Hsome of the most ro markable of tho phenomena connected with modern spiritualism are produced hy, or through tho agency of, a little instrument called " planchette." Il is a piocoof board shaped somewhat like a heart, und ii about seven indies thick by seven wide. It ii mounted on tinco legs of equal length, two of which tcrminnto in small wheels or enstors. Tho third leg ii a pencil tlu-ust through tho upox of tho instrument, anti with this pencil tho phenomena of "planchette" ure produced. In thc centro of tho board thoro is n disc ol metal, alleged to bo merely ornamental. Thc instnr ment is operated on by two or moro persons plncing thc tips of their lingers gently upon it ; hut it may bc operated on by a powerful medium, simply holding n string which is fastened to ono of tho legs, mid standing ton or twelve feet distant from it. Tho phenomena exhibited by " plnnohctto" consist in writing answers to questions, which any individual present muy ask mentally ; und in drawing various representations of animate and ¡nomínalo nu turo, collies of works of art, ko. Thus, three or moro persona sbnll sit round a table, on which this little board is placed, and two of them shall placo tho tips of their fingers on it, nt tho saine timo requesting nny individual present to ask a question " mentally ;" whereupon tho " planchette" will rapidly write nn answer to tho question which Jins been heard by no ono present ; und in a great majority of cases thc answers uro found to bo intelligent and cor rcot. This frequently occurs whonovory ono present is utterly inexperienced in the phenomena of spiritualism, and totnl strangers to ouch other, and aro thoroforo in cupnhlo of trickery, whether of collusion or of sleight of hand. Long conversations have thus liccn carried on with respect to matters wholly unknown to every ono present savo tho interrogator. Tho motions of tho instrument seem, to thoso whoso fingers rCBt upon it, to bo entirely independent of their own wills ; their only caro being not to offer any rcsistonco to its pro- gress. I'coplo liavo sot down to this instrument with n sheet of paper placed under it, nnil, by simply laying tho tips of their fore fingers on it, novo produced drawings of exceeding artistic merit ; notwithstanding tho notorious fact thnt thoy lind nover previously mndo nn attempt nt drawing, nor lind tho slightest theoretical knowledge of tho nrt. Its motion in described as being on some occasions exceedingly deliberate, while at others it has moved with lightning rapidity, nnd the Îrreatost precision. In writing, it traces lettor after otter with tho greatest nccurney, until tho rnply to the question asked is written out in full, when it rushes buck swiftly to tho beginning of a now lino, and there stops abruptly, until a fresh effort is demanded from it by nny ono of tho spectators. A great deni of discus- sion lins bcon indulged in upon tho marvels produced by this littlo instrument; but tho genuineness of such havo boon too well attested to leave room for suspicion of collusion, or of sleight of hand, in a very large num- ber of cases which have been investigated in Europe and America. Scientific men, in so far as they have vouchsafed to investigate tho matter, favour tho hy- pothesis that tho human body may bocomo tho medium for tho transmission of forco to inert and dead matter, in obedience to tho will of others. Thus, tho interro- gator would frame the answer to his own questions, montallyput to "plnnchotto," and this aiiBwor would poss from Iiis minti ta tho fingers of those who woro tho nominal operators, and cause thoso fingers to elvo tho necessary impulso to tho "planohotto," and produco tho written answer in full I But tliis scorns to us to bo endeavouring to account for ono mirado by bringing forward hau a dozen still moro astounding miracles. If wo can admit tho possibility of intoUigonoo detach- ing itself from tho human brain, nnd sotting in motion n picco of wood, in such n manner os te oouso it to oxcouto drawings of raro merit, and to write answers to unspoken questions, it seomB that wo are not far from granting all demanded by tho spiritualists. For our part, wo prefer tho solution of suoh phenomena offered by tho spiritualists, as making less demands upon our credulity, than tho monstrous supposition given nbovo,- Tho wholo affair ia as yot surrounded with mystery, nnd wo con only regTot that it has not boon moro thoroughly investigated by thoso so woll qualified by natural endowments and Intellectual training, to throw some scientific light upon it. 