[?] Wagga Wag oa Belief Fund.— On Wednes- j day a very successful public meeting wa-* hold i at the Court-house in aid of the sutFerers by the I flood. A large committee was formed, and. up- \ wards of £70 was subscribed in the room. It was also announced that £100 had been for warded from Melbourne to Sydney for the bene fit of Wagga. It appears that a surplus of £1000 of the money subscribed in Melbourne for the last New South Wales floods remained in the hands of the Melbourne committee. Attention was lately drawn to this rund by a letter in the Argus, proposing that this money should be distributed amongst the districts now suffering from floods. The letter was brought under' the notice of the Police Magistrate by Messrs. Fox and Ferris, and Mr. Baylis ab ouee telegraphed to Melbourne requesting that a portion of the fund might be allotted to Wagga Wagga. He received in reply a telegram from Mr. Louis Ellis, stating that £100 would be remitted. A further sum of £100, being the balance of the Wagga Wagga subscription to the last General Relief Fund, was allowed to remain in the Bank of New South Wales here for local requirements, and will doubtless be placed at the disposal of the Committee. The fund therefore starts with nearly £300 in hand. Several cases of urgent distress have been relieved by the Committee, but it is not thought that any large amount oi actual destitution exists. The heaviest losers are the small farmers many of whom are abso lutely ruined. We have heard of one iuatauue where a selector had established hiuiseli on a '?vot-uuij ?'cnced.'.iiirt selection, t!ivo~«.i .-»,.., aud cultivuteu a few acres. Oi all this improve meat not a trace remains— not even aiiindicr tion that the ground ever was occupied. Wi'h cases of this kind, of which we hear there a'e only too many, it will of course be impossible, to deal effectually. The utmost that can be done is by the granting of seed- wheat and other timely aid to give the poor fellows at least the 'ghost of a chance' of: getting on their leg.° ajjain. If the present disaster should have the effect of leading to some system of insurance against the always possible risk of flood, it will not have beeneent and suffered in vain. — Advo. cate. ' Man Drowned near Bereda.— La3t week a man named Edward Carey, better known as ' Old Ned the Mailman,' was drowned in the Marthaguy Creek. It seems he was attempting to cross the creek, ab the Calf- Pen Station, and there being a heavy fresh in the stream at the time, the hcrse he was riding was unable to battle with it, and he was swept along. Carey lost his seat, and in a short time tauk to rise no more. The horse l-eached dry landj and a number of persons searched for deceased, aud at length his body was discovered stuck in the forked stump of a nead tree. A magisterial iu quiry was held by Mr. E. Flood, jun, J.P.. Bereda, andadecisionof 'Accidentally drowned' appended to the depositions — Duhbo Dispatch Another Man Drowned. — We fear we have not yet received the worst reports from the lower river districts. The only accounts we have yefc to hand from the creeks between the Macquarie aud Castlereagh country tell' of the untimely death of two persons. The case of drowning we are now about to mention occurred near Narra wemar. A man, name unknown, in the employ of Mr. B. O'Mullan, of: YYillarey, ?Wammeraws,. as a stockman, was returning from Sydney to the station, after having delivered a lot of his master's cattle to their purchasers. The floods prevented him from going further than Narra wemar (Mr- It, Saiith's place), where he re mained for three days. ... On the fourth morning he, against the wishes of all on the establish ment, determined to leave. He said he was bouad to tin: e, and could not let the dangerous state of the country interfere with his journey. He, riding oue horse atul leading another, went away, and no more was heard of him till two men, engaged 'splitting in the bush came across two horses that were identified as those belong ing to Mr. O'Mullau's stockman. Suspicions were at once aroused, wheu a search was made. The tracks were followed, where they led into the creek on one aide aud out on the other. Some blackfellows dived in the stream, but could find no traces of the unfortunate man. At length, after forty eight hours' search, the body was discovered, lying against a log. When he ieft Nat ra we mar, deceased had on certain clothes, but when; found, he had not a vestige of them.: It is thought thab.the body must have been washed hither and thither against logs and debris until the clothes were frittered to pieces. —Ibid. ' A Boy without Food or Shelter for Three Days — Oja.tho 25th ultimo, duriug the progress of the flood, at'Mer'rigal (Mr. McGregor's) Sta tion, Marfchaguy Croek,, a little boy, the son of an employe 'of the establishment, went looking for horses, and did not return up to duak. Thtj ???'waters- gradually rising,' -great fears w&ve; epter tuned for Iu3 safety, and Mr. McGregor quickly seat several persons looking for the lad. The search was kept ap all that night and the follow ing days, and it was not until the third day the little fellow was discovered.. . Aernade his way to a high knoll about ten miles from Merrigal, aud there remained for three days and nights, not having anything to eat during the whole time. When he first went looking-for the hor ses, he became frightened of the the flood, and in [his confusion losb his way. The lad, when came upon, was of course very weak ; but thanks to Mr.' McGregor's kindness, all his wants were promptly supplied, and he is now all right.— Ibid: : ? Personal Statistics— The oldest duke is the Duke of -Leinstiir, agod 78; the youngest, the Duke of Norfolk, aged 22. The oldest marquis is j the Marquis of Westmeath, aged 84; the young- j esb, the .viarquis of Ely, aged 20. The oldest j earl ia the Earl of Oaslow, aged 92 ; the youngest, { the Earl of Carnwath, aged 11. Tm'o oldest j viscount is tne Viscount Moleswortb, aged 83 ; ' the youngest, Viscount Clifrien, aged 0. The ; oldest baron is Lnr.d St Leonards, aged SS ; the vountjest. Lord Ken von,' ayed'5. The oldest member of .the Privy Council is Lord Sii. Leon- ? ards, i;g«({'S8 ; the youngest, the Duke of Nor folk, a'uto'1 23-. The oldest member of the Houee. of Commons is iAr-.-W. H. Borrow, member tor South Notts, aged 85 ; the. youngest- Mr. Joiiu , Hubtou. inernU:)- lor Ni-rthallerto*\ ' aged 22. The oiliest judge in England is Vice Chancellor Sir J Sinarfc, ayed 76 ; the youngest, Sir VI 6 dry Haunen,- aged 49. The oldest- judge in Ireland ; is the Right; Hun. D.ivid 11. Pigott, Chief Baron ? of the Count of Exchequer, aged W ; the ? youngest, the . Ri«ht Ron; Michite.i' Morris, j ?Common;' Pieas; agfict 42. : -The oldest .Scotch i Lord of. Session is Hercules ? J. Jloberbson, Lord Bonhql.rus, aged ..73 ; the youngest, L'.-rd Mure, aged 58 The ohlest archbishop ' is the Arch bishop o£ Armagh'^ aged 68;'the youngest, the) Archbishop of York, ageil 50. Tiie oldest bishop of the Church: of England and- --Ireland is the Bishop of Cashel,, aged SG ; the youngest', the Bishop of Drirry, aged 45. r The. oldest, jba'ronet is Sir '?Thomas Bc-.clu'tt, ' aged 91) ; the youngest, Sir RdhertGresley, aged 3; ? The! oldest knight is Sir John ilenry Oouke, . aged 8S ; the youo£ ist, Sir Ciiarles. Heury. Firth,: : aged! 33.— -H'/ioV Who ia 1870. ' ,, ,. ,; ., \' \' .''''. .Imposition.-— As we' (M iisdcbrook' Chronicle) pointed out on a former occasion; the relief at forilnd- to' -sufferers from flood is- liable to, great a. use; impudence is sure to step forward aud loudly demand re'i«f .while the -realty dbserviiu suffer iu si'ohoe. W« are informed that; some 'oi those claimiag relief have large sums djepositer; m. the bailie, i A' good; hurse- whipping would bii serviceable to people wao thus impose ou tin b nevolent. . .,(''' ^ ? -— — ?-?? -I - i niriTiiBnr K.li 1'LuOD AT Tlih . u-,.,1 li.iVJin.-Ao ~u n-- -tiiiico tays the Yaxt Courier of. vu« force of the recent flood in the Fish River we may mention, on what we I e'eve to be gocd authority, the following circumstance :— Some years ago a mart named Fogg, a resident on the Fish Paver, was;- . sentenced to imprisonment for cattle stealing. Whilst undergcing YU sentence, he died, but bis body, at the request of his friends, was ^ivan fccv them for burial in the c metcry near Dryburgfe^ The coffin (made of lead) was buried fully sisr feet under ground, but such was the temfie; power of the late flood that it has not only whoilp swept away thejsoil off the site for the cemetery,, huh actually carried the coffin several miles dowKi the stream. Woolga-blo Lead.— The first lot of lead front Woolgarlo, consisting of forty-four ' pigs,' antfc' weighing over 41£ cwt , arrived at Hedley's ia Ya8P on Friday, and was reloaded on Saturday for Goulburn. Tiie Catholic Mission Fund. — The collee bion in aid of the mission fund for the diocese of Goulburn will be made, in St. AugustiBeV Church, Yass, on next Sunday. The object oi1' this fund is to enaWe the pious and much es teemed Bishop of Goulburn, who is at present in Rome, to defray the expenses of the passage ? to Sydney of priests for the Goulburn diocese*. . On last (Sunday the congregation at St. Angus tine's received a full explauatiou of the object oir the mission fund from the rev. ' pastor',1 wb.&- preached in his. usual eloquent and instructive. ??: manner.. - He also referred to the many ben«iSi;e? ?? that the faithful will derive fry constantly h;vw- ? ing a priest in their midst to administer ther sacraments of the church to those who stand ia. need of them. He concluded his very impres sive discourse by calling 'to the minds of Isis. hearers, facts that are only too. oiiun wifcaessed£ in their midst, viz. ? That no one Las ever beeai known to become poor anil despised through* wubscvibiug towards charitable and religious ob-~ jects, while it is known that many are left des titute by a life of continual drunkenness, and'; keeping iu a sbato of: sin' and iniquity. The. Yass Catholics have alwa^'s proved theinselvea. trne to the faith of thei? fatberp, and we are cer- tain. 'that on Sunday n'c-xt they 'will not be sloyp to manifest their willingness' to assist thein bishop in bringing in to their owa diocese priests . from the laud of St. Patrick— a land that has& sent ministers of the Cathol'C Church to ever#7 quarter of tho globe. — Southern Argus Accident to the Mail Coach. — Yesterday aa accident occured to the mail coach, near Mr.v Connor's, at Rydal, late on .Thursday night ok^ early on yesterday morning. ..'We uudsrofcand-, i that the mailman was, driving alotij?, when a pig,, „ in running across the road, so startled the i horses . that they turned short round kucl upset the: ve hicle over an embankmt-ufc. There ? we're sevent , or eight passengers, and we are informed thafc . was on a visit to the Western district, has had . his collar bone broken and' was otherwise so se* . verely hurl; that he; ha'l to return to Sydney.. Another gentleman,' nained William, vvaa also so*. much, shaken that ou his . arivirj^afc the Ctu.S- House Hotel, Dr. M'acihiitiie i iui lo be called ks to hid assistance.''' A l:uly pussei^or, whose name? .. we-: have ' not nseertnisierl, rocji-edf nciEyft rough. , bruises, but we' have not lccvrv'. * vvtieiUftr. alia was. severely iii juro'd. — Bathnrpi:. ','ima.i 