SKETCHES OF PREVIOUS RE FORMERS OF THE ITALIAN CHURCH. fra paulo sarpi, Born at Venice in 1;552, entered the re ligious order of Servitcs in 1565, was at first theologian of the Duke of Mantua, then officiating in the ministry at Milan under St. Charles Borromeo : made a doctor at Padua in 1 570, and provincial of his order ; was intimate at Rome with -Bellarnrine and the first celebrities of the day ; finally fixed at Venice, became deeply versed in scientific inquiries throughout the whole range of contempo rary knowledge, as his MSS. in the Vene tian archives abundantly show to this day. He is principally known by his vigorous resistance to the Roman court in a struggle much resembling tbe pre sent encounter between Piedmont and the Pope about the Siccardi law. The scene was at Venice The Prota- gonista was Paul V. (Camillo Borgbese), founder of a very fashionable if not other wise distinguished family. He had just come into enjoyment of the Popedom, and was flushed with his new-blowu honours to an extent natural in a young Pope, when an opportunity arose of ex hibiting in the eyes of Enrope. Two clerical Lotharios, the Canon Soipio Saraceno, and Count Brandolino, abbot of Nervosa, had been carrying their gallantry into the bosom of some Vene tian families, and had been pounced upon by orders of the Senate. The affair made some noise. Borghese came to the rescue of the cloth, and summoned tbe. Republic to hand hiui over the reverend culnrits: he met with a fiat lefusal. Fired with holy indignatiou, the pontiff issued a .threat of excommunication against the refractory commonwealth, and, failing in producing the expected submission, issued the Vatican thunders in due form. The old Doge happened just then to die, but no one dared to treat him a la Santa Rosa, and refuse him sepulchral rites. The Senate met on the 10th January, 1606, to elect his successor. Fancy the scene. The Council is met in the old billared palace, known to us all by Canale ti's vivid band. The myste rious Ten are ranged in their proper stalls The thousand representatives of the. Libro d'Oro are in the infejior ball, adorned by the pencil of Tintoretto. The Pope's nuncio is announced ; he sweeps up through the Assembly, and proclaims the acts of the republic a nullity, and any election of supreme magistrate made by an excommunicated senate illegal and vaid. He retires. The senators of Venice forthwith elect Leonardo Donato doge of the serene re public. The nuncio next day puts forth a declaration absolving all Venetians from their allegiance. War to the knife ensues. By orders from Borghese the interdict is laid on : no bell shall ring, no mass shall be sung, no child receive baptismal regeneration, no maiden be led to the lioty altar to be wed, no corpse descend with blessing to the grave. But the Council of Ten decree other wise. All and every one of the fore going rites shall be performed as usual, under strict penalty. The patriotic clergy of the republic are but too happy of tbe pretext to fling tbe papal interdict to the winds. One only church was found with closed doors. The Council of Ten order a gallows to he erected before the sacred portals, which are observed to be soon open. The head prebendary of Padua in the land domains of the repub lic, having received orders to forward to the Senate any despatch he might receive from Rome, replied that he would act as the Holy Ghost should inspire him. He got for answer, that the Holy Spirit had already inspired the Council of Ten to' hang the first who disobeyed the orders of the commonwealth. " Paul V., under these circumstances, had the incredible folly to march all his disposable troops to the Venetian frontier, and got together a. quantity of artillery at Ferrarn. It is true that underhand Spain, which had gome crow to pluck with Venice, egged on the weak pontiff to this display of imbecility, just as Austria at the present "moment might he prompting and abetting Pio Nono against Piedmont. .But in each case at the de cisive moment these temporal powers chose to back out of the business.. The war was, however, carried on by pamphle teers;- im both sides. Bellarmine was ordered. tpjiRield his popderqus. pen on 'A: .-> behalf hf the absurd doings of the papacy. The " blue books" he put forth are quite laughable when read at the present day under the glare of international jurispru dence. But the serene republic had a' champion unrivalled in dialectics, in civil and canon law, as in manly independence. The vigorous mind of Fra Paulo was ex erted in. the cause of his country, and he pulverised to atoms tbo pretensions of the Roman court, just as the winged lion of St. Mark was ready to trample into the dust the papal soldiery, should thoy venture to violate the Venetian territory. The affair ended by the tiara drawing in his horns and taking off the interdict. Fra Paulo's history of the Council of Trent is a complete exposure of that packed and partial assembly. So formid able was he considered to papal interests, that he was deemed worth assassinating at any cost, and was indebted to Bellar- mine for a friendly caution on one occa sion. But the emissaries of the Vatican took another opportunity ; and on the 5th October, 1607, not far from his resi dence. he was waylaid by five assassins, and received several wounds, being left for dead, with a stiletto i.i bedded in his jaw. The Senate summoned from Padua Fabricius Aquapendente, the first surgeon in Italy, to attend on him ; and when he died, in 1623, public mourning was ordered throughout the Venetian domini ons. It is known that he he had formed a party of more than three hundred patri cians of Venice for the iutrodueti n of the reformed faith into that great Italian commonwealth, which was quite ripe for ts reception. antonio de domini s. Born in 1566, in an island off the coast of Dalmatia, of a family which pro duced a pope and many cardinals, he studied among the Jesuits of Loretto, and graduated at the University of Padua. He was promoted to the bishopric of Segni by the Kniperior Rodolph, and subsequently to the arcbiepiscopal see of Spalatro, the old palace of Diocletian, in Dalmatia, in which archdiocese he procee ded to introduce many salutary reforms. The outrageous conduct of the Pope in the Venetian business just referred to opened his eyes still further t,o the unten able position of Roman usurpations ; whereupon he resigned his mitre, and i e- tired into Switzerland, and shortly after wards to Heidelberg and England, where he was made Dean of Windsor by James the First. He wrote in this country his work, " De Rupublica Christiana," demonstrat ing the inadmissibility of the papal claim to monopolise in one person the whole episcopacy, and utterly annihilate the in dependence of Christian bishops through out the world. Assured by the Spanish ambassador of the desire which Gregory XV. had to .welcome him hack to Italy, and desirous of revisiting a more genial climate, he returned to Rome, where his letters to his friends iu England were violated, and he was treacherously thrown into the Castle of St. Angelo, occupying the same dungeon in that fortress lately tenanted by Dr. Acliilli, where he died from harsh treatment and torture in the year 1624, Not content with this bitter revenge, the Roman Inquisition arraigned him before their dark tribunal after his death, pronounced him guilty of heresy, and, ordering his bones to be exhumed, proceeded to re-enact the dismal doings adopted in the previous cases of Arnaldo and Savonarola, and reduced to ashes in the Cavipo di Fiure the inanimate remains of their antagonist. He was a man not only of great theological acquirements, but conversant with all the various branches of physical science, and wrote early in life the remarkable treatise, De Radiis Lucis in Yitris Pcrspcctivis et h ide, 4to. Venice, 1611, in which, for the first time, the discovery of the real nature of the rainbow was propounded $ and Newton pays, homage to this great Italian reformer a3 a natural experimen talist and reasoner of the first order. 