[?] SUMMARY ^ EDftulfl ,P P.^Tpit *«r«,iw»th» has deprived hb oT tbe JH» lillil^ tf grepariug oar usual English Sum WMy, 'It* UwMnraaeat wets determined to break «hrV»^ «»»o«opoiyliia^ enjoyed by a Sydney »t»»«l ffpeapiny, and the crtpsegnences were that ?tnay.fucHrfcan wag displayed i-- the directory to j *mm dsiay and aunqyanct; in the conveyance of the j BiiL .Ti»d*iiaitMB of the steamers from Brisbane ' were altered every month, with a view of causing a ! ' failure in tiie arrival of tbe muls at Sydney, aiidou | two wiwsfflm the Goverolneut were compelled to adapt tiie .gncertain and expensive measure of organising m overland mail carriage. This unfor tunate quarrel is happily at an end, and we Lave the promise that the despatch of the outgoing mail for Europe this month, and the receipt of the in coming one, will be managed in a proper manner. Again we are deprived of the opportunity of reply ing to home tetters iiy return post, the in-coming mail being due at Toowoomba on Monday, whilst the outward mail closes on Saturday, and will be despatched from Sydney on the 2tet instant. The mail steamer from Southampton arrived at King George's Sound on the 7th instant, aud telegraphic intelligence from ijoudon up to March 15th was re ceived here and published iu our issue of Wednesday iMt. Th« political news of the month is scanty, but ?a the meeting of Parliament will take place on the 26th instant we shall have the opportunity of fur nishing an outline of 'legislative doings' iu our next monthly eunimary. We have had a few changes iu the representation of the northern con stituencies during the past two or three months, ami the seat for C'lennont is now vacant through the resignation of Mr (). de Satge ; hut the only one we can mention with conlidence is that for Kockhamp ton, which has been represented by Mr H. Milford during the past few months. The metropolitan members have exerted themselves daring the recess to bring about u change of feeling towards the present Ministry ; and it is expected that a vote of want of conlideucu will be floated immediately after the opening of the House. The probability of its success is, however, very shadowy, as the opjwsition forces are thoroughly demoralised, and many of its warmest supporters will be careful of their votes in view of the threatened dissolution. SOCIAL AND GENERAL. »mee trie jmrmcatwri oi our last Summary we have experienced a succession of wet and stormy weather, which has iunicted great damage in many parts of the colony. The cotton fields in the neigh bourhood of Ipswich were under water for several days, and the traffic on the Brisbane road was sus pended in consequence of the flooded state of the creeks and watercourses. The greatest Hood, how ever, occurred at Uympie, when a largo portion of tile town was Bubinerged and great damage sustained by the business portion of the community. A very interesting account of the visitation has been fur }!)»!) ti! by the local paper, which will lie found in another column. There was some talk of an earth- quake being felt in two or three places on the morn- ing of the 26th March, but the only reliable infor- mation we received came through the telegraph from Hawkwood, where the shock was sufficient to shake the buildings at the post-office and create consider able alarm amongst the inmates. Our criminal calendar has been heavy during the past three months. A Chinaman and an aboriginal were exe cuted at the Touwoomba Gaol on Monday, March 7th — Hie one for murder and the other for rape. At Brisbane a man named 1'ren dcrgast was hung on the 28th March, for the wilful murder of a young Irish labourer named Patrick Havtnett, the assumed cause being jealousy; but the circumstances attending the murder did not permit of any mitigation of the sentence upon that ground, a large sum of money belonging to the victim having beeu found in the prisoners posses ?ion. Another murderer, named Herrlich, is now waiting his trial in Toowoomha gaol, and as the scone of the tragedy was onlv a few miles A stant from Toowoomlva there was considerable excitement occasioned when the news of the murder was first brought into town. 'Hie victim was a German farmer and carrier, named Michael Klien, who was engaged iu carrying cedar from an extensive scrub Dear Perseverance station. Quarrels hod frequently occurred between the two men in reference to the ownership of the timber, and on the morning of the 12th February last Herrlich went to the camp belonging to Klien ami his party, and without auy warning presented his rifle at Klien's breast and sent the contents through the heart of his victim. The murderer flpd to the covert of the scrub, and re \- mained concealed uutil Saturday last, when, after nine weeks of almost absolute starvation, he was arrested by the police, and ltrought iu to the lock-up. The circHmstances attending the capture arc some what peculiar, and the details, which will lie found in another portion of the paper will bo read with more than ordinary interest. Ws are pleased to state that the meat preserving establishment at Clifton is now rapidly approaching Completion, and it is fully anticipated that opera tions will be commenced about the beginning of May next. The whole of the plant is now on the ground, the boilers axed, and the various buildings ready for roofing, bo that very little delay will be experienced in 'getting to work.' The Messrs. Tooth have spared no expense in securing tbe ser vieesof the most experienced and practical men for carrying on their new undertaking, and we trust they will meet with all the success which their enter prise deserves. We understand that the tin shops have Men in foil swing for the hut two or three week*, and about thirty thousand seven-pound tins are now in hand waiting the first consignment of ** Clifton mutton. ' Thb llev. Benjamin Sehofield, ordained to Hie work of the Christian ministry at Brisbane on the 29th ultimo, preached at the Congregational Church, Toowoomba, on Sunday last, morning and evening. Mr. SehofieM having panned ? course of study at Nottingham, and subsequently at the Theological College, Melbourne, nnder the Presidency of the Her. A. M. Henderson, is now, at the instance of tlie CoLvial Missionary Society and the Queensland Ct/ngrtpUaail Onion, abort to commenoe his labors ia a««o3itlon with the Rev. T.fenkyn in the visit*. 4ioa of tite district immediately surrounding Bock - ?Maspton, tad also is periodical ministrations to the \- f**Ue»wsidMu;i» the intermediate district between ,-. . ftwiWlTtoiiandtiie Peak Downs, and, if praoti . ; /g^ jHtfUftw field wfll be rautol^ *^ , -^irtpttrWirL wwdontonmrred in James-street *®a^^mBBBSwLma ? Liiir i'^— ^ complacency, 'which on ye got a knife and tobacco?' U appears that the man had beeu indulging iu 'Perking' on the previous ewmug, and being over come witii such an unusual stimulant, be availed himflf nf the advantages offered by the Minister foriJUjdn for taking a ?* snooze' until the following morning. - Or/n Roma correspondent reports:— A shocking and fatal accident, oe.urreil here on Sunday, March '27th. A youug married wotnau named Ash bom, who resided with her parents on the outside of the town, came down nu horee'uek tf- --rt!gory- street fur the purpose of vititing a married sister. On her return Lovie she stopped near the resilience of the I'olicc Magistrate for the purpose, it is sup- ' nosed, of shorteuuu/ the stirrup leather, and in so . doing overbalanced herself and fell. The horse im mediately bolted, and the foot of the unfortunate young woman having become entangled in the stirrup leather, she was dragged along the ground to the door of her father's Louse, the horse at intervals kicking furiously at her. Upon being extricated from this frightful po sition life was found to be quite extinct, her brains having been literally dashed out. The usual j magisterial inquiry was held on Monday morn- I ing before the Police Magistrate, and a verdict ] returned in accordance with the facts. ? An incident of rather au amusing character took I place a few days since. A young couple recently committed matrimony, and went into the service of an hotel-keeper iu the town. Matters passed ou smoothly eunuch, until one day in the hitter part of last week, when, mirahil- tlk-lii /who should walk into the hotel and order dinner hut the ' first'' hus band of the ' Lulie fay re.' He was supposed to have been gathered to his fathers years n^o. It reminds 'lie of Uyrau's ' Boppo.' It is gmtifjing, however, to know that no ' sceue' occurred, lieuu dict No 1 cheerfully conceding his pre-emptive right to hen- liet No 2; and benedict No 1, like the man in Scripture when relieved by the good Samaritan, went on hie way rejoicing. Thk Botanical Oardens at ISrislnne may be classed among the ' leading attractions ' of the metropolis of Queensland, ami now present an appearance that would gladden the heart iif many a ilori*t aud ^rchanlist in the mother country. Mr. Hill has suc ceeded in acclimatising a Urge variety of new and valuable fruits, which may be scat to the best :-d van tage at the present time ; and he has also acquired a magniliccnt collection of vines, which are believed to he admirably suited to the soils of the Tomvoniiiha district. The show of rare and beautiful plants, e. lected from every (juai-ter of the globe, is the leading feature of the gardens, and yield the most uiimis takcalile evidence of the exertions that must have been displayed in nursing them to maturity. ? We understand that Mr. Hill is desirous of promoting the establishment of an experimental garden iu this district, with the view- of assisting our local frnit growei* in the cultivation of the most valuable varieties of the vine aud orange, but in thk rt-nj jiracliail age it is doubtful whether he will succeed iu obtaining the necessary supplies from the Govern ment, or even secure the support of our locnl mem bers. During the |iaet month we have received a. number of choice specimens of various fruits that have already arrived at maturity, among which maybe specially noted the 'strawberry mango' ami the 'Chinese date plum.' The former possesses a rich and delicate flavour, which will un gardeners, more particularly as Mr Hill informs us that it is a tree of ' free and hardy growth.' The date plum will form a most exquisite addition to the dessert table, and we regret that we have not been enabled t-- distribute a few «f the seeds amongst our amateur horticulturists as it appears to be a fruit most admirably suited to the climate of the Dar ling Downs. Another new specimen was brought under our notice a few days ago, which is known iu Ceylon as the 'jacca iacca fruit.' The cone is exceedingly well developed, weighing between seven and eight pounds, and, having been allowed to arrive at maturity, the fruit has acquired that fragrant and delicious flavour for which it has become proverbial. Referring to the present condition of the gardens, the Courier says : — Notwithstanding the damage done by the recent heavy rains, the gardens are rapidly assum ing that neat and orderly appearance which has been one of their chief features. Mr Hill and his subor dinates have got through a considerable amount of labor during the last few weeks, and the result is most satisfactory. The yield of guavas has been abundant, and a very fair quantity of that delicious fruit, the China plum, has been gathered from the only tree of the kind «hich has yet fruited iu the gardens. It is rather nnfortnnate that the propor tion of seeds in this fruit is very small, and the opportuuities for propagating it are therefore limited to a much greater extent than was expected. One of the Java banana trees has borne fruit, and the Havour is superior to any banana previously intro duced into the coloiij'. The most peculiar fruit in the gardens just now is the Chinese currant. It is about as thick as a common tobacco-pipe stem, is of a brown colour, and very irregular shape. The seed is outside and the flavor is decidedly pleasant. An amusing ' ventriloquial' sell was perpe trated at Roma a few nights ago. Some of the inhabi tants were horrified by cries for help, apparently proceeding from some unfortunate man who had been thrown, and was being dragged by his horse across some vacant allotments near McDowall-street. Torches were improvised ; doctors sent for, who rushed madly about with splints and bandages. The native troopers were also subsidised, and all was confusion and terror until a late or rather early hour, when it was suddenly discovered that Mr ---, the ventriloquist who has been amusing himself lately in Brisbane, was amongst the most energetic of the volunteers. The "sell" was however taken in good part, although some of the explorers had come to grief by reason of severe tumbles into gullies and hidden pitfalls. It is said that the ardour of one gentleman who joined the chase did not allow him time to stop for those very necessary protections against mosquitoes and sand-flies which are usually worn by Europeans, but that he manfully struggled through 'brake and brier' with his un mentionables under his arm. At the last sittings of the District Court, held on the 8th of March last, the proprietor of this journal was proceeded against for publishing an alleged defamatory libel upon Mr W. H. Groom, the Secre tary of the Drayton and Toowoomba Agricultural and Horticultural Society. The alleged defamatory matter was contained in a letter from one of our correspondents, in which the committee of the society were requested to enquire as to the disposi tion of a prize which should have been handed over to the local hospital. On the trial it was proved that the society were short of funds and unable to pay the prize, consequently the secretary had been unable to hand it over to the hospital. No explana tion of this kind, however, was given to the press or the donor, either before or after the publication of the letter; but Mr Groom prepared to "take his remedy" in the District Court, and, to the astonish ment of the whole of our contemporaries, a verdict of £10 damages was recorded against us. This ex traordinary judgment has been attended with the most unfortunate consequences, for it has not only suppressed the liberty of canvassing the conduct of our public servants, but it has also established a most vexations and unsatisfactory precedent, under which many an unfortunate newspaper will be made to suffer for the innuendo of its correspondents. The Dalby Herald of Saturday says :— On Thursday last, the proprietors of this journal were served with notice of action for libel, damages being laid at £200. The name of the person bringing the action is William Benedict Murphy, a total stranger to us, but a gentleman who is, we are assured, held in great esteem at Roma, and the matter complained of is alleged to have been contained in a letter sent from Cunnamulla, and, it is asserted, published in the Dalby Herald of the 29th January last. It is further stated that that letter contains a malicious and defamatory libel, and that Mr Murphy has in consequence sustained damage to the tune of £200, which fact has determined that we shall make good. The case will be heard in Dalby at the sittings of the District Court in July next. In the meantime, we have reason to feel highly flattered to find that there is somebody in existence who considers we are "good for £200." It is no ordinary compliment in these dull times. mm* '#***' !**£?*-* he left ABnrn ipll^jSklteies^M Ike previou day, Sn ?£nfS3r^Va&Mfctfi;*nrmMaLtea« -iWl^wl-M^l»di»]ke7d^tiad ' to be left behind. The two drays proceeded some i distance all right, and Andrews crossed (Henbeck j some distance before Doras. When Andrews had I cot as far as Cairn's gate he turned round to look for Doras aud found he was not in sight ; and he stopped his dray for nearly half an hour ex pecting that Dons would come on. A man named James Armstrong going to Allora with his team then passed and Andrews returned Bnme distance with him. When within about one hundred yards from Glenbeck they saw Doras jammed between the dray and a tree, aud one of the homes down. They went to him aud found that although Jic vas iu an upright position he wasquitv dead, tile whole weight of file loading of nearly two lous resting on his chest. One of the horses hail fallen over the edge of the gully, and was partly suspended by the harness. From the appearance of the l-oilv tle.ith must have beeu instantaneous, for liesiiles the heavy weight resting against him, the horses had struggle! liaixl to get past the tree, thus cruRhing the man in the most frightful mauuer. After the body had been released it was brought to Warwick, and Dr. Margetts made an examination, when he found that the unfortunate man had lieeu very severely crushed, several ribs and his shoulder bone being broken, ami his right arm near the shouMcr severely mangled aud the bone broken in two or three places. A magisterial inquiry was held the same day before the Police Magistrate, when the above tacts Mere recorded. Doras was nlxuit I'iftv wars of a-'e. ami he li.i* left, n nit- Ui,,( | eight children totally unprovided for. Tiik eauie paper also informs us that a dona tion of £24 has been received by their townsman, Mr Adilenbroiikes, from his friends in Kughuul, towards I the Ruilding fund of Ht. Mark's church in this town. This handsome cum has been obtained principality through the ixertioiis --f Mr Aihlciihronkc's brother, who is a Church nf Ku^lam! clergyman at home. The example ia worthy of imitation, and shows what ciin be done even at a distance when a thorough interest is taken in any good work. It was decided at the vestry meeting ou Monday evening last to devote the money to building a pulpit, and the Archdeacon was requested to convi-y tiie thanks of the vestry to the parties who ha-l sent the donation. Thk first mail from tiympie since the heaw rains of the 3th and Oth March, srfiwd in hriebanc, on Thursday, March 31, and the Time* says that the passengers who started ill the Brisbane coach (which lias not yet arrived in (iympic) some thrre weeks ago, 'went through ml ventures, which, if relatwl at f loi.gth, mid iu the proper style, would make ft very interesting volume. Messrs. H. Webb and -!. .Spencer, who were in the coach, have arrived safely at last ; their description of the ' perils nf the road' lit-ur out the truth of a well-known proverb, King much stranger and more startling than fiction. A great part of the distance had to lie coTerei] by ilotvu right swimming, and very great risks were encoun tered, Mr Webb nearly losing his life on one or two occasions. The Urishaue 1'ond is said to be perfectly impassable for vehicles. ' Jur local contem porary published a letter on Wednesday last, which was credited to a fJympie correspondent, and it would be quite a treat if he could nanagc to give uh n brief outline of the perils which attended its jour ney to Toowoomba, seeing that it must have been written on or about the date of Mi Webb's swim uiinjj excursion. A SECOND trial of Thomson's "road steamer," the property of Mr Dalrymple, was made on Monday, April 4th, but the Courier states that the result was not so successful as the previous experiment had led them to anticipate. At the first trial the machine was tried alone, but on Monday three waggons, each weighing two tons, and loaded with six tons of salt —in all twenty-four tons —were set apart as the test of its powers. The load was backed up against Harris' store, and it was thought advisable to try the ascent of Short-street, the gradient of which is about 1 in 10, with two waggons, or sixteen, tons. At a few minutes past three o'clock the train started in the presence of a large number of spectators. About half the ascent had been got up with tolerable ease, when, in consequence of keeping too much to the right, rather soft patches of earth were got into, and one of the waggons got so fast that it was impossible to move it. This dilemma was, to some extent, owing to the narrowness of the tiers of the waggon wheels, which did not exceed three inches, and consequently cut deep into the ground. They ought to have been twice as broad, considering the weight they contained. After an hour had been spent in useless efforts to get the sixteen tons to the top of the rise together, the couplings were removed and one of the waggons was taken up with ease. The one which had been left at the bottom of the street was then taken up to William-street without a stoppage, and in the meantime some of Messrs. Harris' employes had run the bogged waggon backwards on to the solid road. It was then pulled up safely, and the three having been secured together, were taken along William-street, up Queen-street to George-street, along that street to Margaret-street, and then to Messrs. Harris' premises, by the engine. The trial lasted nearly three hours. In the difficulties which occurred in starting the steering apparatus did not seem to control the "steamer" so well as could have been desired. It will be in the recollection of our readers (says the Express) that a man named Dyer recently sur rendered himself to the London Police, and stated that he had murdered his mate, named Wilson, twelve years before, in Victoria. A body had some years back been found, and had been buried near the place indicated by Dyer, as no evidence as to the cause of death was forthcoming. Since the re ceipt of the intelligence from the police iu England, the body has been exhumed, and a telegram in the Sydney Morning Herald states that the scull has a hole in it, as if made by a pick, and the appearances corroborate Dyer's confession. A northern paper reports the following extra ordinary escape from a swarm of alligators: — On Thursday, as Mr ISerk.-lman, with his engineer, were returning from Bonnie Doon they attempted to cross the Deep Creek, on the Yaamba road ; in order to do so they borrowed a iong rope and a small punt from Mr Orr, of Ayrshire Park. Mr Berkehnan and a Mr C ? first ventured into the punt and tried to hawl one of the horses across, but ma the animal was knocked up he refused to swim, but managed to pull the punt under, consequently leav ing its two occupants in the water ; they could both fortunately swim, but they had great difficulty in escaping from the large alligators which were in num bers around them. As the swimmers were nearing the bank one of the monsters seized Mr C ? by the foot and carried off his boot ; and not satisfied with this, he made a grab at a saddle which Mr ierkclman had on his shoulder, but that gentleman held ou and pushed for the shore, and made it, after the most desperate exertions, nun«« only the girth. On Wednesday last, a bush man was attacked by au alligator while trying to cross the Bame creek, but diverted the attention of bis enemy by pushing to wards him his swag containing sugar, tea, and coffee, which he bblted without ceremony, and with out asking for hot water. Such adventures as the above may perhaps deter people from attempting to swun tbe creeks where alligators are so plentiful j we have frequently heard they were in immense numbers in the river and creeks near Yaamba, and our only wonder is that we do not hear of many fatal accidents, as bushmen and diggers are not particularly careful, and generally prefer to travel as the crow fiies, although lions may be Eleerrinir in their paths. F^* A BosHMAif, recently engaged in exploring the wltof limestone country at the head of the Uker liver, has reported the capture of a 'new animal' a the (JUnelmd Bay Exprets .-—While camped in a basin at the month of the singular cares hollowed out in the natural formation by the action of tiie weather, his attention was attracted by the singular and gigantic tracks leading from the upland maws a tbe margin of the river. Curiosity led him to keep several nights' Watch by what seemed to be a well beaten path, and by the aid of a timsMmarter moon he was enabled to observe » heavy man pass him, apparently on the road to its nightly feeding ground: The height of the animal is descnbedMthlt of an average horse at its wither; its form and g«t not anlikeUutof tiie nylghan; and the note uttered aswseieiof heavy ?numing, as if sufferingfromasevere cold. A shot fired at a distance of sixty orWenty Sff1 TlL?*?1 '1^ aad' bnt ?Piwrenay d3 inweave extort a shrill groan and accelerate tbe paaeof tida atrange mammal. On the following morning, however, gouts of blood were noticed ou le track, and «t a distance of aome three-quarters of a mile from where tiie shot was final the body of -e creature was found at the base of a preciiiito— ^?ylHmgmg ft. river. Whether deaWr^AM fnmtke fcnSetar was earned by tiie precipitatte* of the annual from so great a height in its fright «rfd MtteswerlatMd as the spot where thebrtte ?ad fallen was maeoeesible. For tiie same reason but ? cursory view of the body could be obtained by j which it appeared to be coated with a shaggy cover iug of reddish-brown hair, the head beisgdestitute of horns or ears, and the feet terminated Si daws as formidableaBspikonails. More definite information is required to affix to this discovery its true position in the fauna of Anstralia. We (Maryboroayh Chronicle) regret to hear that serious apprehensions are entertained for tbe safety of Mr W. Thorn, who although only a recent arrival in Maryborough, is well known to many of our readers as a gentleman of great and versatile energy. He had for some time past been engaged in tine dugong fishery m Hervey t- Hay, and left on tiie 30th uJt. t»8u;-eriiiteiid die operations'] person The flood in the Mary, by carrying enormous quantities of valnable timber out to eua, appears to have added another ami more lucrative source, of ineometothat derivable from the capture and ' rendering out' of dugong. We learn that during the first few days the party hail succeeded iu collecting a small raft of the stray material, which Mr Thorn took under his sole charge somewhere about the mouth of the river, at the same time sending the remainder of the party, consisting of two white men and three South Sea Islanders, to coast along the beach and collect some more. While engaged in doing this they were overtaken by a sudden squall, and driven on to a mud bank, from which they coald not extricate themselves without much labour aud delay. On making the river heads they found that all vestiges of the raft aud its solitary occupant had disap peared. The Northern Argus is responsible for the follow ing "ghost story," the particulars of which were furnished by one of the parties to the scene : — It appears that the watchman who takes under his especial supervision the William-street blocks, had his attention arrested about 12 o'clock at night, while on his beat, by the sight of a man dressed in black carrying a child's coffin on his shoulders, with which he entered the cottage of a man whose child was lying dangerously ill. The watchman, sur prised that the burial was contemplated at that un usual hour, followed the coffin-bearer into the house, and seeing no other occupants save the man and his sick child, asked him why he chose that hour for the interment, to which he made the reply of 'Why my child isn't dead, thank God !" "But," said the watchman, "didn't I see you bring in a coffin a few minutes ago?" "No, certainly not," was the reply. "Well, then, I certainly followed you into the house with one, I can swear !" However the man per sisted in his denial "that he had not been out of the house at all, and had been watching his child the whole evening, and never left it for a moment." Upon which the watchman left perfectly satisfied he had seen a ghost, and believes so still. One strange feature in the matter is, that the child died the fol lowing night. We regret to hear from Drislinnc that a very melancholy and fatal accident occurred at Cape Morctou on Saturday, April 1G. The lighthouse keeper, Mr. James Maxwell, was seated on a rock fishing, when an unexpectedly heavy sea broke over him ami washed him away beyond nil reach of succour. He was a native of the north nf Scotland, about thirty-three years of age, aud had been three years in the office indicated. He leaves a widow but no children. Up to Sunday night the body had not been re covered. The Expire** reports a rather determined attempt at escape which was made by six: of the loug sen tence prisoners at St. Helena, on Sunday last : — Their names were Hoss, M'lticrsnn (the Wild Scotchman) Howard, Brownlow, Dyball, and Patrick Gray, they all being bushrangers but one, they wore, however, speedily captured, and were lodged in the cells within a quarter of an hour. Tbe gene ral rule is for tbe prisoners to be looked up on Sun day after supper, and had just as good an opportunity tor their attempted escape every day of the week. The following conversation is reported to have occurred in an up-country Court-house. Solicitor, to intelligent S.P., appointed as a reward for political services: I must beg yon to give us an adjournment nine die. Intelligent J.P. : nine die, mic die ! Xo ; ceitainly nut ; it would be highly improper. Solicitor : Then perhaps you would not object to an adjournment i/m ilh-it. Intelligent J.P. : Ah ! that is another thing ; I don't mind an i/-se. dixiC. Solicitor: Then you decide upon an adjournment ipte dixil. Intelligent J.P. : Just so. The Guurkr states that the Wight llev. Bishop Tufncll is about to erect a school in Lcichhardt street, on his land, the site of some shops destroyed by flre a few years ago. Tin: following significant notices from the office of the Colonial Secetary appears in the G'unmmtHt Gazette of Saturday, April9: — 'From and after this date no applications for employment in the public service, in connection with this department, cnu be entertained, as there are no vacancies at present or iu prospect.' 