TOPICS OF THE DAY. The Penola, on her last trip to MacDonnell Bay, took 30 or 40 harvest hands for the South-East ON [?] that the former lessee of the old Theatre purposes building a new Theatre with hotel acccesseries. The nominations for the Sturt and West Torrens wflj take place on February 10, and the poll on the 14th. The gas question will be submitted to the citizens again to-night at a. meeting which has bean convened to be held in the Town HalL The meeting is called *' for the purpose of ob taining the citizens' sanction to light the city with gas." One of Cobb'a coaches from the Bay on Monday morning broke down, the tiro of one of the wheels having come off. Another coach was obtained, and the passengers brought on to town without much delay. Happily no injury was done to either <xmcu or passengers. la same parts of Victoria a systematic warfare has been carried on against the rabbits, which have become a greater nuisance than the kangaroo* are about the Border. The OeeUmg Advertiser states that 102,816 rabbits were killed daring the last quarter of 1869, on one station, by men paid so much per 100 for all they destroyed. The Society of Arts Exhibition was visited last week bya fair number of visitors. It still remains open. Mr. Wilton Hack wishes us to correct an error in the exhibition cata logue. A sketch of a Newfoundland dog is, by mistake, attributed to bin, and he thinks it doe to the artist to make the correction, as the work is very beautifully executed. Messrs. A. Hallett, J.P., ft. S. Kelly, J.P., H. Warren, J.P., and T. Playford, M.P., bav? been elected members of the Central Road Seard by tbe BvIUB?tMA of the PUttict Councils. We believe one of the unsuccessful candidates was only a few votes behind a more fortunate rival. Mes?ra. G. McEwiiv J.P., and R. Smith, J.P. have been nominated member* of the Board by the Government. Since the worla of th? Victorian Gold Quartz and Cement Crushing Company have baen started at Barossa 700 tons have been put through, the total yield being about 70ozs. of gold. It most be remembered, however, that with a large proportion of the cement taken to Hie crasher, quite as much, and in some in- I stances more, of ttie precious -metal |bad been previously picked or hammered out by the digger. We saw on Monday morning about 26 ozs. of gold just brought from the new Onka paringa diggings, by Mr. Sweetapple. There is no mistaking where the sample came from ; it is small, smooth, some of it shotty.'and all re markably pure. Mr. Sweetapple says the diggers on the river, as a rule, very much understate their earnings, and that all the ac counts hitherto published of the results of the workings have been far below the marie We understand that Mr. S. Doering, Secretary to the Attorney-General, and a Mr. Lester, who is staying with him at the Bay, had a severe attack of English cholera on Sun day. Or. Jobson, of the 14th Begiment, who was at Glenelg, was called in to attend them, bat he regarded the case as so serious that he sent up to town for farther advice, when Dr. Whittell went down to see the two gentle men. We hear that they were much better on Monday morning. An unfortunate accident occurred on Monday evening to a Strathalbyn tradesman, who was returning home from town in a spring cart, with a case containing 500 feet of crown window glass. The belly-band of tie harness broke, the cart tilted op, and the case fell with a loud crash on the hard metalled road. The Strathalbyn mail co Adelaide was just coming up, and it stopped to enable the passengers to offer assistance, which they readily did; but of course tie glass most have been all broken. On Sunday a fire broke out on Mr. James Idndsay >apremises,onGawlerPliuns, near Smitbfield. It originated in the stable, and destroyed two reaping machines and out buildings. Mr. Lindsay's entire horse, Young Fireaway, was in the stable, and was saved witheome difficulty. A large hay-stack also had a very narrow escape, but fortunately that was saved. The damage done is estimated at upwards of £200. The fire is supposed to have been accidental. On Monday afternoon the Chamber of Manufactures met at the Town Hall Chambers for the purpose of recommending gentlemen qualified to act as Judges in Section B (colonial manufactures and industries), at the Agricul tural Society's Exhibition in February. The section was divided into a laige number of classes, and gentlemen were recommended as Judges, subject to confirmation by the Exhibi tion Committee. It was decided by the Chamber to forward a recommendation to the Agricultural Society that in future all colonial made implements and machines should be classed under colonial manufactures and in dustries. BucknalTs river sports at Port Ade-* laide on last Saturday afternoon were really good. A splendid swimming race between Mr. Hunt (Champion of the Tees) and Mr. Miller (the celebrated Port duck), resulted in the for mer named winning. Afterwards Miller resumed his usual avocation, and received the tallest chasing he had ever encountered, and got caught at the last moment. Several pair oared races also came off. We understand that Hunt has challenged any man in the colony to a floating contest. The crews in port are also challenged to send four men to compete against four of the Collingrove's crew. We are informed that * person from Victoriajwas showing some fine nuggetty gold in town on Monday morning which he had washed in one of the gullies this side Mount Ixrfty. As a practical man he said he was quite sure he could mako £40 per week with such machinery as he could facilitate in half an-hourout of a packing-case. He says that the gold came from a large reef in the neigh borhood, and he has no doubt that all the gullies leading down into the plains contain gold more or less. We heard of another party who were up at Mount Lofty on Saturday, and who got 3 dwts. with the greatest ease out of three bucketsf ul of stuff. Speaking of the Mount Gambler Dis trict, the Border Waldt says:—The weather is again all that could be desired for harvest ing, and the crops are being rapidly gathered in. The reports of the wheat are somewhat conflicting, some farmers obtaining more than they reckoned on, others, and by far the most numerous class, much less. In some instances red rust has much deteriorated the quality of the grain, and Mr. Williams showed as the other day a sample from the Yabl Paddock very little superior to drake. There is little doubt] now the average yield of wheat will be considerably lower than usual. Barley and oats, however, have grown a fine sample, and will show a fair average. Boot crops promise a more than usually heavy yield. Potatoes and mangolds never looked better. Altogether the present season has been exceedingly fa vorable for the growth of vegetation. On Monday afternoon an accident—the result, we believe, of gross carelessness and fast driving round a corner—happened to a little boy some seven years old named Richard R^moK, The child, we are informed, was crossing the street near the Hotel Europe, when a cab driven by a man named John Smith came rapidly round the corner of GrenfeU-street and Gawler-place. It knocked down the little f ellew, and one of the wheels passed over his right leg and broke it. He was conveyed to the Hos pital, where it was ascertained that he had sus tained a compound fracture of the leg just above the ankle. On enquii y late last evening we learnt that the little sufferer, although in great pain, was bearing op manfully. It really is high time that the proposed Corporation new by-law in reference to driving round corners should be in force to prevent reckless and dan gerous conduct such as this. The Minstrels'entertainment at the Theatre Royal on Monday night was patronised by a very fair house. The stalls and gallery were well filled, and there was a sprinkling in the boxes. Anwmg the company in the dress circle were His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergosson, who were accompanied by the Hon.Ueat.-ColonelEdgoumbe(A.D.C). The heat was excessively oppressive, but in spite of this the performers spared no efforts to please. There was something on the pro gramme for every taste—songs, dances, and buffoonery. The principal songs were "King the Bell, Watchman," by Campbell; "Letter in the Candle," by Addand; **We Meet Again," by Amery; "The Village Blacksmith,'' by Campbell; and the vocal duet, "The Moon has Baised her Lamp above," by Messrs. Act land and Amery. The celebrated Golden Shoe dance by Kelly and Holly was repeated, and excited as much wonder as ever. The humorous sayings of Bones and Tony caused great amusement, as did also some of the ludicrous and absurd performances in the second part. The entertainment closodwith the farce of " A Ghost in a Pawnshop." It seems a curious notion to translate the Bible into broad Scotch, and yet this is what Dr. WaddeU, an enthusiastic Scotchman, proposes to do. He has issued a prospectus of the work, with specimens of the style in which it is to be carried out Dr. Campbell has left a prospectus with us, and is prepared to receive orders for the -work. Dr. WaddeU proposes publishing the Psalms separately, as the first instalment of the book. Here is a specimen of the translation of the fifth commandment: — "Be cannie ye o* yer faitbers an' o' yer xnithera, that yer sin days may be lang on the lan" whilk the Lord your God foresettles on yonl" The editor's note to this well-known passage is worth transcribing:—" An' ye forget themTwha.il mind you f" On the title page there is an engraving of what professns to be the burning bash, and the Scotch reading of the passage from Exodns—"The bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed" is certainly quaint enoagh:—" It lowed, an' was nane the waur." If the Doctor is able to carry out his object he wffl certainly produce a book of curious interest, though whether it will be of much use we are not prepared to say. An influential meeting of seatholders at St. Luke's Church, and other friends of the Rev James Pollitt, the incumbent, was held on Monday evening, January 24th, in White's Arbitration Boom. Mr. James WObamsthe senior warden, on being voted to the chair, remarked, as the convener of the meeting, that their pastor, after his many years' labor in this colony and having been instrumental in raising three churches where be had ministered with satisfaction to the several congregations, finding his health shattered somewhat, had applied to them through him for 12 months' leave of absence to enable him to recruit his health, and return to them with renewed vigor. It was well known that the salary he had received, and his generous nature had pre vented him from saving much. It was con sidered by many of the congregation that a testimonial showing their esteem and regard should be presented. Several of thecongrega tion and others supported the Chairman's remarks. Resolutions were passed to the effect that the testimonial should consist of a purse of sovereigns, and that Messrs. John Chambers, H. H. Hanssen, J. H. Clarke, W. Bishop, F. J. Blades, John Downer, T. Dodd, J. K. Hawthorn, George Mills, P. E. Hoare, V. Lawrence, J. H. Sherring, lan?, Colyer, Edmonds, and J.Williams should form a Com mittee, with power to add to their number, to raise subscriptions, and Mr. George Millsjwas appointed Hon. Treasurer, and Mr. C. K. Darton Hon. Secretary. The ladies of the congregation were requested to form a separate Committee; Hesdames KeJdandCodd and Miss Tapley to be the conveners- The former congregations of Mr. Pollitt are to be applied to to contribute to the fund. The meeting, which was very enthusiastic, dosed after thanks to the Chair' SUB, 