THE LAWYER'S CHRISTMAS; OR, BOGIE AND CHILLIPANK. (Written for the South Australian Chronicle.) CHAPTER I. BOGIE AND CHILLIPANK — CHRISTMAS IN ENGLAND. Bogie— that was not his name, but Bogue— David Bogue, as might be per- ceived any day from a small plate, about nine inches by three, on which was in scribed—"David Bogue, solieitor," and which indicated his office in — place. But as David Bogue devoted all his energies to the making as much out of everybody as he possibly could, those whom he had submitted to his reducing processes in revenge of being unable to make anything out of him, made as much as they could out of his name, and called him "Bogie." As a compromise between fact — which, as a conscientious historian, I am bound to adhere to— and popular prejudices, to which a writer must often defer, I here instruct the printer to place an accent over the final "e" of his name, thus — "Bogué"—so as to assimilate the sound of it to that given by his friends or his ene- mies (the distinction between the two is not always obvious). Only for this once, though, for truth must prevail. I think you will confess this is inge- nious. David Bogue in personal appearance by no means confirmed the impression created by the evilly-sounding name— there was nothing of a hobgoblin character either in his face or his figure, but, on the con- trary, his face was of a placid— I might even say oleaginous— cast, and his figure rotund and sleek. He had a sleepy way, too, of casting down his eyes and smooth ing one hand over the other not at all ter rifying to children. Grown-men, however, were observed to look uneasy when he assumed this attitude, which was remarked as generally the pre cursor of some grace to be denied or of same hostile act. "To-morrow Christmas Eve, eh, Mr. Chillipank? Well, what of it?" The dulcet tone in which Mr. Bogue spoke those few words cast a visible pallor over Mr. Chillipank's face, rendering the Etna glare of his nose more than ordi narily conspicuous. "I thought you might spare 'me, then, sir," he said. "Ever since I can re member I have spent that day with my family." "How old are you, Mr. Chillipank?" enquired Mr. Bogue, in the same mea sured and sweet accent as previously. "Sixty-three," replied the old clerk, "come next June, if, with the blessing of Providence, I may be preserved till then." "Sixty-three, Chillipank ?" returned Mr. Bogue, smilingly, "I suppose you have put by a little money in these years." "Heaven help me! No. I have had a large family to rear, and for many years a sick wife, and I have not been able to make any savings." "And at your time of life you would waste your time in revelry — nay worse, my time. I cannot afford to waste time, and I am not yet forty-five. Oh, Mr. Chillipank, how could you think of it ?" "Christmas comes but once a year," pleaded Chillipank, though he felt it to be hopeless, "And 'tis a poor heart that never rejoices." "A poor heart or a rich heart," said Mr. Bogue sedately, "best rejoices in the consciousness of fulfilling its duties — its duties to its employer. I believe I pay you five and twenty shillings a week ?" "You do, sir." "Punctually every Saturday?" "As you say, sir ;punctually every Saturday." "And every day in the year excepting Sundays, Good Friday, and Christmas are thus legally mine?" Chillipank made no reply. "Then pray let's have no more stuff and nonsense about Christmas Eve." And Mr. Bogue abasing bis eyes slowly, with great apparent unction glided one hand over the other. Be good enough to take out a summons for Mifflen; he was to have paid to-day by twelve o'clock, and it is now twenty minutes past." This happened not so long ago that the date is at all essential. For all the pur poses of this narrative it may be sup posed to have taken place in the city of Adelaide within a year or so past; but I must now ask the reader to throw himself in imagination twenty years back, and into one of those old country mansions of old England— only there to be seen, and best seen there on Christmas Eve. It is a spacious but unpretending build ing, erected in the time of the homely monarch called "Farmer George." Plain and sturdy as that prince, with not an ounce of superfluous ornament about it, but inside and outside, even to the very furniture, expressive of substantiality and comfort. The broad-backed, broad- elbowed, broad-seated, wide-legged chairs — the broad-backed, wide-hobbed, deep- chested fireplace— the old solid, stolid, broad-breasted sideboard — the broad, deep, wide bay windows, with benches in their recesses — all were alike sugges tive of durability and hospitality. And now these are lighted up, not only by dozens of pure wax candles in massive silver sconces, and by the blaze of a roar ing yule-log, but by the purer light of innocent eyes, and the more generous glow of joyous hearts. And the bright berries of the holly gleamed like car buncles; and more precious still, in the centre of every room, in every doorway, and on every landing, hung the lucent pearls of the mystic mistletoe. Go where you would you could not escape that charmed bough — old and young were alike brought under its won drous influences. Coy young damsels, with much blushing, and tittering, and pouting, only rushed away from one of the enchanted branches to find them selves face to face with some daring young fellows under another. And then what happened? What struggling, and ex clamations of "ha' - done!" and "I won't, now." Young fellows, did I say? Why there was that sly old boy, Nathaniel Bogue, David's grandfather, and 83 years old, absolutely lying in wait under every bough in the house; and that too, with such dexterity that Miss Smirker, a young lady of the mature age of twelve, but very observant; declared that Grand father Bogue had kissed seven young ladies in as many different parts of the house in as many minutes. As for David Bogue, he was always demure, was David. It cannot with certainty be affirmed that he kissed one; but he was very assiduous in attendance on a fair young girl with fair blue eyes, and it was remarked that those same blue eyes were apparently made for the purpose of looking at David Bogue, which so vexed young Augustus Foddle, that I do believe there would have been a quarrel; but who could quarrel on a Christmas Eve? No one. So young Augustus, finding himself opposite Miss Jolliker, who had very dark eyes, became suddenly con scious that dark eyes are very expressive, and quite as beautiful as blue ones; and then, looking above them he beheld, as if providentially, a tiny slip of mistletoe, just enough to kiss by. That was much pleasanter than quar relling over eyes of any colour, that only had glances for David Bogue. "No," said David, in that calm, mea sured voice that even in his younger days distinguished him, ''No, Maude, it is impossible, we are both too poor. There is nothing left for a younger son but to work and wait. "I fear so, David," she sighed rather than said. "It is so," he said with slow emphasis, drooping his eyes. He had not yet ac quired the habit of his smoothing his hands. "But must you go to Australia ?" she asked, sadly; ''Why to Australia, David? It is so far away." "Because," replied he, in his suave but inflexible voice, "it is there that wealth rewards labor; it is there that the strong will and resolute hands can gather riches." "We need not be very rich, David, to be happy," she pleaded. "I am sure I can be content with little — very little— and your talents and perseverance," she added fondly, "can command success amongst your own friends in your own country surely, as much as amidst strangers in a foreign land." "There are no friends but those which money makes or binds, no foreign land for him who can win it there." "And you will return soon? At least say you will return soon." David looked into those blue eyes now suffused with tears — for a moment his voice trembled, but only for a moment. ''In two years, I hope," he said. David never returned; the blue eyes grew dim with watching; the pleading tongue faint with prayer, until the eyes closed, and the tongue became for ever stilled on earth. Do those eyes yet gaze upon David from the better world? Does the tongue yet plead before Heaven's offended throne for David on earth? Does David ever think of that Christ mas Eve, and what he lost then? CHAPTER II. BOGIE, OR SNAPDRAGON. "The miserable old hunks," cried' Fanny Chillipank. "Hush, hush," said Chillipank, "he is a just man— a little hard I confess, but a just man. Give unto Caesar, &c.; You know your Bible, Fanny." "And he is a miserable old hunks; and I will say it if I die for it, to keep my poor old dad at the nasty fusty Office all this blessed day, and everybody else enjoying themselves." "The nasty fusty office brings us bread, Fanny," said Chillipank. "And there's Peter, and William, and Joe all got holidays, and are coming from all parts of the world to see their dear old father, and he from home. I can't bear it, I can't," and the impulsive Fanny burst into tears. Now here is a pretty position for poor old Chillipank— a clerk at five-and-twenty shillings per week, to be in —ruffianly duty pulling him one way and family affection the other. "We must make the best we can of it," he said. We've got the evening, and we've got to-morrow; so don't be a goosie; and Charley Spadge will be here, so dry your eyes." Thus admonished Fanny ceased weep ing and turned very red. I suppose young ladies of 17 are subject to sudden revulsions of feeling; but whether this was owing to the reference to the goose or Charley Spadge I don't know; but she exclaimed— "Oh, bother Charley." "You can do that yourself," said Chillipank satirically. "You can do that yourself, Miss," and he went forth chuckling. If Fanny had any purpose of obeying her father's parting injunction she had little time then to think of it; and where's the use? Charlies at the age of 20 are readily "bothered" by demure girls of 17 at a moment's notice. No; there was no time then; there was a goose to be plucked. As for the plum- pudding, that great work had been achieved a month ago, and was now ripening to a mature age; but there were mince pies to make, and— but what shall I say? Is not Christmas Christmas all the world over, and an Englishman an Englishman wherever he may be; and in what is the English stability and desperate earnest ness displayed to greater perfection than in the persistence with which he honors the old country's traditions in making himself ill with indigestible' compounds on a, Christmas? Hot! not a bit of it; never too hot for roast beef; never too hot for roast goose; never too hot for plum-pudding, Mince pies; and snapdragon. Now when Fanny — careful housekeeper — in recapitulating all that was necessary towards the proper observance of a good old English Christmas came to the item of snapdragon §he bethought herself by some strange vagary of fancy of David Bogue. "Snapdragon or Bogie I'm sure it's much about the same thing," she ex claimed half-aloud. "Is it?" said a voice; and her startled glance fell upon a stranger. He was standing at her side, with his eyes cast down and smoothing his hands. "So snapdragon, or Bogie, is much about the same thing, is it?" "How did you come here, and what do you want?" said Fanny, with outward bravery, but with some trepidation never theless; for there was something uncanny in the noiseless entrance of the man — in his unimpassioned manner, and the quaint questioning of the thought she was un conscious of having spoken. "I came here by the door, which being ajar, and no one replying to my knock, I took leave to open. To your second question, I want Mr, Chillipank. My name is Bogue." As Fanny afterwards observed, one might have knocked her down with a feather; but though there were plenty of those weapons at hand, plucked from the goose aforesaid, Mr. Bogue did not avail himself of them; she, therefore, summed up courage and looked Mr. Bogue boldly in the face. That gentleman happening to lift his eyes at the same moment, encountered those of Fanny. They were blue, and had an expression in them that reminded him of eyes long since forgotten. He started, and ceased caressing his hand; only for a moment though, and then resuming the familiar attitude, he repeated— "So snapdragon and Bogie is much about the same thing, eh?" He don't look very vicious, and he talks very softly, thought Fanny; perhaps he's not such an ogre after all. "It was a silly notion," she said. "She hardly knew how it came into her head—less still that she had uttered it aloud. She hoped he would pardon her." "Snapdragon,"said Bogue, "is a blustering spirit, it fumes and flames, and spits. It is, however, harmless to those who brave it. Am I like that ?" His eyes were still drooping. "I am sure I don't know," muttered Fanny, all confusion. "Perhaps your father— I presume Mr. Chillipank is your iather— can tell you. You will, have plenty of time to ask. I thought yesterday I should require his services to-day. I came this morning to say that I had concluded to dispense with them if he would make up the time in after hours during the week. But I have again changed my mind, I shall not need him at all after this week. Is he within?" ''He went out this morning early," replied Fanny, "with the purpose of going to the office at his usual hour." "Good. When he returns be sure to ask him whether Bogie or snapdragon is much about the same thing." So saying Mr. Bogue departed as silently as he came. CHAPTER. III. CHILLIPANK'S DISMISSAL. —THE BROTHERS. Mr. Chillipank was busily engaged in office work when Mr. Bogue entered, and with an affectation of cheerfulness he was far from feeling. Mechanically his fingers were engaged in tracing all the tedious and redundant whereases and aforesaids of a lengthy legal instrument, but his heart was with the children, and his mind busy in picturing the gloom which his absence from their festivities would cast over the family. They are good boys, though, he thought, and knowing their duties, will also know that iheir father must do this. "Heigho," he sighed, half aloud, "this will be a weary day." "Not at all, ChilHpank," said Mr. Bogue, who had entered unobserved—he had a knack of doing this — "Oh, no; not at all." Mr. Chillipank, on turning round, per ceived Mr. Bogue in the pleasant atti tude so often remarked. He turned pale. Mr. Bogue smiled. "I have made up my mind to spare you to-day." Mr. Chillipank was so utterly con founded at this unlooked-for grace, that what little blood he had in his wizen body rushed at once to his face, and climbed its highest pinnacle— his nose — on which altitude it settled in a rosy glow, shining on the surrounding features like the sun on a snow wreath. "Many, many thanks, Sir; I shall gratefully—" "Softly-softly," said Mr. Bogue, "I had not finished; I said j had made up my mind to spare you to-day, but there is a condition attached. The fact is, I intend to dispense with your services altogether, and as this is a broken week, if you are willing to waive the customary week's notice, I will make you a present of the odd days. Hand me my cheque book, if you please." The blood as impetuously receded from Chillipank's nose as it had flown thither. Possibly it went into his boots, as he did not feel any sensation of the warm cur rent in his frame. "Have I displeased you, sir,' he stammered. "Displeased me?" returned Bogue. "Oh no, I am never displeased, you know. There is your cheque." Chillipank made one unavailing effort to look into the eyes of his late master, then, with a faltering step, he went to wards the door. As he was going out Mr. Bogue, in his blandest, said—'By the way, Mr. Chilli pank, remember me kindly to your daughter, and be sure to ask her whether Snapdragon and Bogie is much about the same thing." "Now," said Bogue, in pleasant con verse with himself after the old clerk had departed, "this comes of sentiment. Here's this old beggar and his impudent chit of a daughter talking of Christmas Eves, and Snapdragons and Bogies, and all that infernal nonsense, instead of minding their own business." "A pretty mess I should have made of it had I yielded to sentiment some 20 years ago. I might now have been, like him, a wretched old pauper, with a dragging family of lubberly boys and a gawky. Well, no! she is not exactly gawky; and her eyes they—psha, why this is sentiment — Come in." At this summons a man entered, in face and figure not unlike David Bogue himself, but his air and manner were widely different. His eyes had a wild haggard look, and his gait was of a reck less cast, both suggestive of hard drink ing. "What do you want here," said Mr. Bogue. "How dare you come here?" "I do not come willingly," returned the other in a tone partly defiant, partly appealing. "But I want money. I am destitute and without resource, or I should not have dared come here since you last denied me." "You want money? You will not have it from me. Your daring is so far thrown away as my money would be were I to give you any.'' "You have plenty, David," said the suppliant. "You can spare a few pounds surely to your brother— your own brother" he added piteously. "I have no brother," returned David Bogue. ''I had once, an elder brother; he squandered the estate which, given to him by a weak and unjust father, left me to struggle with the world as best I might. I struggled and I conquered. But he the darling of fortune, dissipated his inheritance, ran riot, indulged in every vile excess, and then, crowning his in famy, absconded from his creditors under the assumed name of Farquhar. I accept you as Farquhar. I do not know you by any other name. What there was defiant in the manner of the man called Farquhar oozed away at each deliberate word of David Bogue. "I have done wrong." at length he said; "I know it —I confess it — I feel remorse for it; but is it for you to reproach me — your own brother? Think, too, David, this is Christmas Eve; think of the day, and have pity, so you may do well in the eyes of Him by whom sinners even as I am are not wholly given up to everlasting despair." "Begone, impostor," said David Bogue. "Were you a bold villain, I might admire, but not acknowledge you. As it is, I do not acknowledge you, and I despise you." The words were hard, but not for one moment did David raise his voice beyond its ordinarily unimpassioned tone. "To-morrow," still pleaded the mise rable man, "is the anniversary of that day when the Redeemer was born to save sinners." "I have no such mission," rejoined David Bogue; "depart." For an instant a desperate light shone in the eyes of the discarded brother. Only for an instant though. Then he said in a voice and with an aspect so like David that it seemed an echo and a shadow of him. "A happy Christmas Eve to you, brother," and departed. "Christmas Eve, Christmas Eve," re peated Bogue, "as if the eve of one day is not like the eve of any other." Not so, David Bogue, for there shall be the eve of one day that shall never have another eve for you on earth. CHAPTER IV. CHILLIPANK INDULGES IN REVERIE.— MAKES A STRANGE ACQUAINTANCE. When Mr. Chillipank gained the street he looked about him quite bewildered. It was some time before he could realise even a faint conception of what had oc curred within the last few moments. It is true he had been scarcely a year in the employ of David Bogue, but he had during the time begun to look upon his situation as assured. At his age it is no light matter without resources to be cast adrift. How had he offended? What had he done or omitted to do? He knew Mr. Bogue, with all his sweetness of manner, to be a hard inexorable man, who would exact his penny, or the full pennyworth of his purchase, with the most rigorous nicety; bu he had not deemed him capricious. Having per formed his duties with careful punctuality and diligence, Mr. Chillipank had never received the slightest reproof from his late employer. What did he mean by those strange words, "Remember me kindly to your daughter, and be sure to ask her whether Snapdragon or Bogie is much about the same thing?" Snap dragon and Bogie! Bogie and Snap dragon! turn it which way he would he could make nothing of it. "I cannot return home in this frame of mind," muttered Chillipank, after wan dering about vaguely for an hour or more; "Fanny would be sure to guess something had happened." Bogie and Snapdragon much about the same thing! An idea suddenly flashed across Mr. Chillipank's perplexed brain — Had Mr. Bogue been drinking? — the most tempe rate of men occasionally indulge at this festive season of the year. Chillipank took out the cheque and keenly scrutinised it. — No! there was nothing but sobriety there— the date, the amount, the signature, all written in the clear, firm, decided hand, usual with Bogue. It's an enigma, "Ah, yes," exclaimed Chillipank, with a sudden conviction, "that's it; an enigma — he intends to sur prise us this evening with his presence, possibly with some present, a Christmas gift for Fanny— Remember me kindly to your daughter. Yes, he has met with Fanny, perchance, somewhere. He's taken with Fanny — by jingo," cried Chillipank, slapping his trousers at the place where he had deposited the cheque, "that's the joke, Bogie, and Snapdragon. She's Snapdragon; that's it. I'll take a long walk and not go home till dusk, or I'm sure to let the cat out of the bag." Chillipank went in the direction of the South-road. "I can wander there undis turbed," he thought. "He's in the prime of life," remarked Chillipank, in pursuit of the hare he had started— "He thinks per haps to settle down — He can afford it— He is not a flashy man, and not by any means to be taken by fine airs and graces. —He is just the man who would choose for a helpmate an amiable prudent nota ble girl— just like my Fanny — that's it, ha, ha ! Bogie and Snapdragon, Snap dragon and Bogie. I'll just drink a glass of ale to the new firm of Bogie and Snap dragon." It must not be supposed that the wan dering fancies of the old clerk succeeded each other in the short space of time it has taken to record them here. The day had well advanced by the time that, fatigued with a long walk and much thinking (a novel occupation for the old man), he proposed to himself the modest refreshment of a glass of ale. Entering the small parlor of a small wayside inn, Mr. Chillipank asked the landlord for "a glass of Bogie and Snap dragon." The landlord was not a good- tempered man, and his irritability had been a great deal excited by some quarrelsome carousers in the bar. "I've no time for humbugging about bogies and snapdragon," he growled, "if you want anything, give your orders." "God bless me," explained Chillipank, did I say Bogie and Snapdragon? A glass of ale and a biscuit." "Why did'nt you say so at once?" snarled the landlord. When the landlord returned, Chilli pank courteously pledged him— "A merry Christmas to you, landlord." "You've begun it merrily enough, I'll be bound." muttered the surly landlord as he left the room, "if one may judge from your nose. I doubt whether it will end so merrily, though." Mr. Chillipank in the conversation— if such it may be called— with the landlord had forgotten to pledge the new firm; to remedy the omission he called for a second glass of ale — "It will do me no harm this warm day," he thought. As the landlord supplied the order a haggard shabbily- dressed man entered by the side door. "Landlord," said the new comer, "I am dead beat; will you trust me with a glass of ale and allow me to rest myself awhile.' The landlord glanced angrily at him— "We've no room for loafers here — trudge," he said. "Stop," cried Chillipank "I'll pay for the ale, landlord; bring a pint. To let a poor creature faint on the roadside for want of a glass of beer on Christmas Eve were not a Christian act." "You'd think little of Christian acts and more of the Licensed Victuallers Act if you had to do with the customers I have," retorted the publican, as he went for the ale. "A very good health to you, and many thanks," said the stranger. "Good health to you and a merry Christmas," responded Chillipank. "A merry Christmas," repeated the wanderer, as if to himself. "A merry Christmas to me." "Cheer up, mate," said compassionate old Chillipank; "have you no friends?" The stranger mournfully shook his head. "No friends this side of the world; God help me." What inference the old man drew (if any) from this exclamation it would be difficult to say, but the conclusion he arrived at — a very indiscreet one, and to be condemned by all prudent persons — was that his newly-made and not over reputable-looking acquaintance should spend Christmas eve and day with him, and be merry despite himself. Should any one ascribe this absurd notion to the influence of one pint of colonial ale, let us hope worse may not be said of any colonial production. In pursuance of this determination, Mr. Chillipank commenced, "Look here, Mr. —? "Farquhar," said the stranger. "Well, look here, Mr. Farquhar, my family is a very humble one, and I am not a rich man, but on Christmas eve and day it is our custom to enjoy ourselves to the extent of our means, and that generally allows us the pleasure of hospi tality. You shall spend the rest of the day and to-morrow as our guest." Farquhar shook his head, and cast an expressive look at this worn and neglected apparel. Chillipank, following his looks, replied to them— "Take no heed of that. We are not a very dressy kind of people, and any little matter in the way of a clean shirt or so I can manage for you without difficulty. Come, say yes. I'll take no denial." Farquhar was not naturally vicious, but weak. All his excesses, all his errors, arose not from an innate dispo sition to do wrong, but from want of firmness to do right. This offer from old Chillipank seemed to him like a special interposition of Providence in his favor. He still hesitated, however, saying, with a mournful smile, "I am afraid I shall be a sad blot on your fes tivity." "Not a bit of it," replied Chillipank heartily, "Only say you'll try to be happy, and our own happiness — I answer for my children as myself — will be in creased by seeing you so. Come along; will you have another glass of ale before you go? The stranger was on the point of saying yes, but checked himself, and declined. Then earnestly— "I must warn you I cannot stand much drink. I hope, in your hospitality, you will not now or at any other time press it upon me." "We are temperate folk, and never indulge beyond the bounds of prudence. We shall hardly desire you to do other wise." So saying, Chillipank took his newly-formed acquaintance by the arm and went out. "Well, I'm blessed," exclaimed the landlord, observing this cordial action, "if that stupid old fool hasn't picked up with a pretty mate. I warrant he'll get his bogie, and snapdragon too, before the night's over." CHAPTER V. CHRISTMAS PREPARATIONS BY THE SANGSTER FAMILY. We left David Bogue in his office say ing, "As if the eve of one day is not like the eve of another," and yet in his very heart he knew it was not — somehow what with the suggestive eyes of Fanny Chilli pank, and the recent interview with his disavowed brother — there need be no mystery about it, the man calling him self, and called by his brother Farquhar, was his brother, the Christmas Eve of 20 years ago would force itself upon him, and traverse every thought. "I don't know what's the matter with me to-day," at length soliloquised Bogue, after many unavailing attempts to force his mind to matters of business. "I'm afraid this lonely life is telling upon me. I think I will look out for a wife. I can afford to marry." So far Mr. Bogue's thoughts went in a straight road with Chillipank's, but they soon glanced off at a right angle far away from Fanny. "There's Mrs. Merryweather, a nice property, no encumbrances, and I should say not above 40; or stay, there's little Mary Wilton; the old man can give her a handsome dowry; young and rather giddy; but I think I could steady her." Down drooped the eyes, and smoothly over one fat fair hand glided the other, "Yes, I could keep her steady." "I did not think of accepting that in vitation from the Sangsters, but I will,'' Bogue decided with sudden resolve. "Parties are dreadful bores, but if one has a purpose, its quite a different matter. Little Mary will be there for certain." The Sangsters were very nice people. Originally of humble station, Mr. and Mrs. Sangster, by industry and thrift — not altogether that thrift under which some people dignify that very different thing, niggardliness — had arrived at a fair competence, and with a rare tact accommodated their habits to their im proved fortunes, without anything of that vulgar ostentation that so ordinarily characterises the parvenu. It is true Mr. Sangster misplaced his "H's," with a perseverance worthy a better cause. Equally so that Mrs. Sangster would occasionally be guilty of laches that would petrify ladies of the great world; but they were a good- tempered, generous, hearty pair — the sons, Harry and Fred, rough, gallant, frank lads; and the lasses, Lotty and Annie, as lasses should be — merry and wise, and gay and tender. Now, on deciding to celebrate Christ- mas Eve, Mr. and Mrs. Sangster, wisely reflecting that the enjoyment of any festivity is more with the young than with those whom age and worldly cares have sobered, determined that the arrangements for the campaign should rest with their children — in virtue of which Lotty was, by general consent, elected Field-Marshal, Annie as Aide-de- Camp, and Fred and Harry as scouts, old Sangster contenting himself with the subordinate, though not unimportant post of Paymaster-General, and his wife with the equally necessary part of Sutler. Besides the native forces, the strength of the army was increased by foreign auxiliaries, amongst others, by Mr. Phil Blote, who, by possession of a twenty five pounds photographic apparatus, was regarded in private circles as a rising artist, and Miss Mary Wilton, who could play the piano to perfection when she didn't dance — which she always would when Fred asked her. F.M. Lotty — Now, Annie, have you written down all the names ? A.D.C. Annie (biting her pen thought fully) — I think so. Shall I read them over? F.M. Lotty— Yes, better. \- A.D.C. Annie — Mr. and Mrs. Gray, and Mr. George Gray. Fred — I hate that snob. Mary Wilton (innocently) — What for? Fred — He's such a snob. Mary Wilton (not at all thinking to teaze Fred.) — Why, really, I thought him such a gentlemanly person. He dances divinely. F.M. Lotty (severely) — Keep quiet, you two. Proceed, Annie. A.D.C. Annie— Mr., Mrs., and Miss Spooks. Mary Wilton — Oh, I'm glad of that. t do so like that poor Miss Spooks, al though she is such a fright. Fred — Miss Spooks is not a fright; she's very pretty and accomplished. Mary Wilton — Accomplished! Oh gracious. F.M. Lotty — Will you have done, you Fred and Mary? Go on, Annie. A.D.C. Annie — Miss Tweezleback, Mr. and Mrs. Grandchick, Mr. Hoddle, and John and Frank Hoddle. Harry— Must we have Frank Hoddle? F.M. Lotty — Of course we can't leave him out. But why? Harry — Oh, I know why. That's the fellow that's always dancing after Grace Wade. It's quite disgusting. F.M. Lotty — What's that to you? Make haste, Annie, we shall never have done. Harry (mysteriously) — What's that to me? Oh, nothing; only let him look out, that's all. A.D.C. Annie — The Madgers. F.M. Lotty — Why, there's seven of them; and they don't dance, or sing, or talk, or do anything but sit against the wall all night like hat-pegs. But, how ever, I suppose papa would like to have them. Any one else, Annie ? A.D.C. Annie — Only Mr. Bogue. At this name each glanced interroga tively at the others amidst a dead silence, at length broken by Harry— Who's Bogue? F.M. Lotty — I don't know. He's one of papa's invitations — some gentleman with whom he has had business lately. Mary Wilton — Oh, I know him. He's one of my admirers. Fred (with an accent not at all denoting predisposition in favor of Mr. Bogue) — Oh, is he? Is that all? Mary Wilton (cheerfully) — Oh, no! He is a solicitor, but don't practice now. He lends money, and all that sort of thing. He's enormously rich, they say. Phil Blote (who had hitherto taken no part in the conversation, being busily en grossed in painting the proscenium for a stage) —Rich, eh! Has he any taste for art? Fred (maliciously) — Oh, yes! He ad mires Miss Wilton. Blote (who claims to say pretty things as well as paint them) — But Miss Wilton is Nature. At this Miss Wilton declared Mr. Phil Blote was a dear man, and promised to give him the first dance, whereupon Fred, without saying good-bye or with your leave, put on his hat and went out in a huff. You see the mere mention of Mr. Bogue's name, even in this peaceful and happy group, was provocative of discord. CHAPTER VI CHRISTMAS EVE AT CHILLIPANK'S— A GHOST STORY, AND AN INTERUPTED SONG. The way in which that extravagant old Chillipank wasted his money will, I have no doubt, be viewed with a just horror by all those careful people who contem plate a shilling with proper regard— sup- posing any such amongst my readers — for although he had no idea of going to rest on Christmas Eve, or of allowing any one else to do so, "until daylight does ap pear," he had absolutely bespoken a bed for his strange guest at a neighboring hotel, and paid for it. To do that strange guest justice, he altogether belied his unpromising ap pearances, for whether the good things spread before him or the kindly welcome of the family revived his cast-down spirits, or whether out of a desire not to mar their pleasure by any show of his own bitter thoughts, he became quite the life of the party. He could and did sing a good rough, hearty song, in a good round baritone voice. He could and did join in all the choruses, whether to the antiquated lyrics of old Chillipank's earlier days, or the latest novelty in the "Jolly Dog" line. He could and did sing comic songs, in troducing therein a dozen different voices, and recite snatches from all the best poets. And more than all, he had such a collec tion of ghost stories at his finger-ends as would curdle the blood of an entire nation. And what is Christmas Eve without a ghost story? I have faith in acted charades, drawing- room dramas, modern dances, Christmas trees, and all the refinements of this polished age; but never let us give up blindman's buff, hunt the slipper, snap dragon, and never, never the ghost stories, shudder at them as we may. In modern houses we lack one great element of a properly-concerted ghost story — the wide, deep fireplace, around which a large party could sit. As a com pensation for that want, however, Mr. Chillipank's sitting-room was so small that the fireplace became positively enor mous by comparison. So sitting round the room that everybody could see the fire (or that apology for one which Chilli pank insisted upon as appropriate to the day), and some brandy with salt in it being set afire to give a ghostly and ghastly aspect to the scene, the auditors prepared to listen to Mr. FARQUHAR'S GHOST STORY. I dare say some of you have felt at times that sudden, and mysterious chill which seems, as it were, to suspend the faculties, still the heart, and cause a sickly, clammy perspiration to break out profusely over the whole body, and that, too, not being sensible at the time of any bodily ill or mental disturbance. This is the kind of sensation that is said to pre cede the visions of those who claim the gift of second-sight, and may naturally, until science otherwise settles it, be re garded as indicative of some supernatural and repugnant presence. Benjamin Joyce, a young man walking the hospitals, as the phrase goes, like the majority of medical students materialistic, and not susceptible of any nervous im pressions, was the last person to attribute to any such passing feeling any impor tance, or to tolerate in any way a belief in supernal visitations. He had occupied apartments in Charles-street, near Middlesex Hospital, for about two or three weeks, when in the course of his passage to and from home he became aware of the constant presence, when he passed a neighboring house, of a young lady at the window of the basement storey. She was apparently very youthful and exceedingly beautiful, and he thought ob served him as he passed by. Medical students are not proverbially bashful, and Benjamin Joyce least so of any; nevertheless, though he would fain have indulged in some of those expressive glances which are the avant couriers of a closer intimacy, there was that in the aspect of the young lady that forbade them. It was not a forbidding, or a haughty, or a scornful, or icy look; but in the light blue eyes, shaded by dark eyebrows, and chesnut hair there was an inscrutable something — not an expression, but an absence of it — that seemed to fascinate and attract, and at the same time repel and awe. "That's a very queer looking girl," Ben remarked to himself as he first be came aware of her. "She's unaccountably pretty," he said, after having seen her once or twice. "By Jove, she's the most beautiful creature I ever set eyes on," he exclaimed at the end of the week. You can imagine that bur student was in a fair way of falling in love when he would call her an angel. You would imagine rightly. At the end of three weeks he came to the con clusion that hecould not live without her. He gave up smoking — left off pale ale — foreswore the theatres, and was drifting altogether into a sad way when one day accident befriended him, as he then thought. Afterwards he thought other wise. He was passing the house of his inamorata when a respectable-looking serving girl hastily opened the door and said to him, "For heaven's sake, will you hasten for a doctor. My mistress is taken in a very strange manner, and I fear to leave her." "I am a medical man myself,'' said the student, with what he then thought a happy audacity; let me see her." Hastily following the servant into the room he beheld the young lady, ghastly pale, erect in the middle of the room, her arms extended rigidly before her, with the palms of the hands stretched outward as if warding something off. Ben had, however, no sooner entered than the color gradually returned jp her face, her arms relaxed until they fell naturally by her side, and a smile came upon her lips, but did not extend to her eyes— those wore the same strange ex pression, or, as I have before said, absence of it, usual to them. As the young lady smiled, Benjamin Joyce experienced the disagreeable sensa tion I have referred to, but quickly shaking it off and ascribing it uncon sciously to emotion at finding himself so unexpectedly in presence of the object of his adoration, he advanced towards her, and, leading her to a chair, said "You are unwell. Can I prescribe for you? Will you —" "Thank you, it has passed. I am not ill. It is very absurd of you, Prender (turning towards the girl), to trouble this gentleman." Prender bowed submissively at this reproof, and left the room. "Trouble, oh no!" exclaimed Joyce. "For you, nothing —" Ben pulled himself up; he found he was on the point of committing a stupidity. "That is, I mean (he continued) I am gratified you do not need any professional services. Might I add that I am happy the misap prehension of your servant afforded me the honor of this interview." 'Why ?" The word was uttered in a tone of surprise, and again the faint smile broke over the face without illuminating the eyes. Once more a deadly sickening faintness took possession of the student. Reso lutely mastering it, he stammered— "Because— that is, I can hardly explain, unless you allow me the pleasure of re peating it." "If it would be a pleasure," replied the lady, "I can hardly refuse it to one who so readily proffered me his services." "I may call again, then?" asked Joyce. And although he felt exultation at her graciousness, the same dread feeling came crawling over him. "When? Soon?" "Whenever you may please," said the lady. Joyce took an early opportunity of the grace so courteously granted, and visit succeeded visit until at length he pro posed marriage, and was accepted. He had in the meanwhile ascertained that his intended wife was a widow pos sessed of a moderate income, and that her first husband had died nearly imme diately after marriage. Strange to say, however, that invariably in the presence of his betrothed he felt the recurrence of that subtle and peculiar faintness which he had experienced on first meeting her. In the beginning he disregarded it. At length, struck by the constancy of its visitation, he began to fancy it was the precursor of some insidious malady. Finally he concluded that it arose from some malaria in the house, or was the effect of some perfume used by his mis tress, and which, agreeable' enough to others, contained some essence to which his nature had an antipathy. He knew such antipathies existed. They were married, and shortly after he was taken ill. His wife was assiduous in her attendance on him. In her affec tionate solicitude she hardly seemed to sleep. Whenever he awoke he beheld those inscrutable eyes —I can hardly say watching him, for that would imply ex pression— but fixed upon him. Now a new sensation took possession of him— the strange feeling he had previously experienced either weakened in intensity by its constancy, or unnoticed from its prevalence, was succeeded by an in definable fear— a kind of horror seized him whenever he behead his wife's eyes rest upon him. ''I am going mad," he thought. His illness had lasted about a month, when one night as he was about to take his accustomed potion, which his wife handed to him, he saw as distinctly as you see my hand— Farquhar here passed his hand across the subdued light of the lamp. * * * * * * * "Oh my," exclaimed Fanny, creeping close to Charley. "Oh, please don't." Farquhar turned up the lamp. "No, I won't," he said. "I'll give you a song instead." "Oh, but do tell," cried Fanny, curiosity succeeding to fear in the revived light. "Did she murder her first hus band?" "Or both on 'em ?"asked young Joe. "Or did the second husband find it out and have her executed?" asked Fanny. ''And was he really warned by the ghost of the first husband?" enquired Sophy Merthyr. (She and her sister Lucy were of the party.) "Well, I really can't say," replied Farquhar to those questions. "The story was told me by one of the inmates of a lunatic asylum, and he never finished it, as he was called away by the Emperor of Morocco to assist him in subduing Peter the Great. But now for the song. MR. FARQUHAR'S SONG. "There was a young lady who worked at a sewing-machine; Never such a darling wore chignon and crino line; She was the prettiest, the daintiest young maiden ever seen." "I beg your pardon, Miss Fanny; the author of that song had not the pleasure of seeing you." "Nonsense," cried Fanny, blushing. "Right your are, old chap," said Charley, clapping Farquhar on the back. "Order! Order!'' cried Chillipank, "order, for Mr. Farquhar's song." There was a young man, a carpenter by trade.'' "Oh, that's you, Charley," shouted young Joe. "No it aint, Mr. Impudence," cried: Fanny, threatening to slap. "And his name for short was Charley, as I have heard it said." "There, now, I told you so," said Joe. "Order! Order!" cried Mr. Chilli pank, "for Mr. Farquhar's song"— ''And he was over ears, in love with this splendacious maid.'' "Like Charley with Fanny," said the irrepressible Jbe. "Joe," said Chillipank, "Order, for Mr. Farquhar's song." "Oh," screamed Joe, "Fanny's a pinching on me." "Fill your glass, Mr. Farquhar and go on with your song," said Chillipank, "don't mind them; young people will be young people." "Here's a long life to them, Mr. Chil lipank, and may they never be older than you are —." "Oh my goodness, what a wish," ex caimed Fanny. "In spirit," I was about to add, said Farquhar. "And now what about the carpenter?" asked Joe. "Oh, that's finished." "But what became of him after he fell in love with the sewing-machine girl?" "Why," replied Farquhar, "he mar ried her." "Is that all?" pursued the disappointed Joe, who evidently expected some more tragic end. "Quite enough, too," said Chillipank. Now, you may think that during all this time Peter and William were not very good company, but just you ask the two Miss Merthyrs about that, and I guess they'll tell a different tale. The truth is this. In all social gather ings you will find some who take a more prominent part in it than others, and it is owing to this, perhaps, that there is nothing to be said of Peter and 'William Chillipank, and Sophy and Lucy Merthyr, further than that they laughed very often, and seemed to enjoy themselves very much. Besides, I have graver things to chronicle than the foolish doings of an obscure party like Chillipank's, and giving my readers credit for some imagi nation, I leave them to fill up the gaps I have thus left open. CHAPTER VII. MRS. VUPCHER MISTAKES THE SYMBOLS. "Bless' us and save us," exclaimed Mrs. Vupcher, of whose usual morning salu tation of an alert duck, between a curtsey and a nod, Mr. Bogue seemed quite un conscious. "Ain't you well, sir?" Mr. Bogue's mouth made a singular twist, but no speech followed. He pre sented rather the appearances of making faces at Mrs. Vupcher; "Lo'r' 'a mussy," ejaculated Mrs. Vup cher, he's been drinking.'' For five years or more one of Mrs. Vupcher's daily tasks had been the cleans ing and arranging Mr. Bogue's apart ments. These consisted of three rooms, the front serving as an outer office, the intermeditate one as study and general room, the inner one as a dormitory, Mr. Bogue taking his meals abroad at a cafe, table d'hote, or restaurant, as his humor took him. Sundays,Christmas, or other holy or holi days not excepted, from 9 till 10 o'clock, between which hours Mr. Bogue took his breakfast, Mrs. Vupcher to whom was entrusted a pass key, entered the Bogue hold, and in her own impressive language "straightened up." "Lor' a' mussy," cried Mrs Vupcher, betrayed from that silence which usually marked her intercourse with the for midable Bogue, "He's been a' drinkin'.'' Well might Mrs. Vupcher be surprised into speech, for there, in the capacious leather chair in which we last left Mr. Bogue, he sat or rather lay huddled up with his arms' hanging listlessly by his side, his head bowed forward over his left shoulder, his mouth all on one side, and his eyes staring wide open, but perfectly destitute of expression. That "lone 'ooman," as Mrs Vupcher briefly described herself, had not always been such, but had once owned a Mr. Vupcher of a festive temperament. She had been accustomed to see that departed helpmate frequently in a state poetically phrased as "mops and brooms," and had on such occasions found nothing more efficacious towards recovering him from such condition than a somewhat vigorous shaking up. But even to the strongest minded female there is a vast difference between one's own husband and a strange man— and Mr. Bogue was such a strange man. Mrs. Vupcher, therefore, wouldn't "take that liberty." ''Aint you well, sir?" repeated Mrs. Vupcher. "Can I get you anythink— a little drop o' brandy, now?" This was generally the earliest resto rative called for by the late Vupcher when he regained speech. Mr. Bogue, by a sort of galvanic action, raised one arm, with a closed fist, at Mrs. Vupcher; then it fell slowly by his side, and one eye closed. "Shall I go for Mr. Chillipank, sir?" enquired Mrs. Vupcher. There being no response to this ques tion, Mrs. Vupcher exclaimed, "Well, he is far gone," and sallied forth in quest of the ancient clerk. Mr. Bogue had not gone to the Sangsters on Christmas Eve. There may be a strong will, but there is a stronger power. In the prime and glory of his manhood — in the conscious pride of a physical strength, unimpaired by any youthful excesses— in the exultant knowledge that up to the present time all worldly matters had gone well with him, and that before his vigorous self-assertion all opposing men and circumstances had been cast aside or ruthlessly trampled over, did ever Bogue for one moment consider that HE who gave could take away — that the highest human intellect, which is but a faint reflex of the glorious light of Heaven, might be quenched by that HAND which bade that light to be? Mr. Bogue's absence from the Sangster party did not at all interfere with the jollity of that gay assembly; indeed may have contributed to it, and certainly did so as far as Fred Sangster was con cerned, who seemed to be so entirely reconciled to Miss Mary Wilton as to be inseparable from her. Once Mr. Sangster remarked, "It's curious Mr. Bogue hasn't arrived — a man never known to break an engage ment." "Perhaps some important business de tains him," suggested Mrs. Sangster. "Important business on Christmas Eve!" laughed saucy Mary Wilton, as she whirled past in the arms of Fred. And so Bogue dropped out of their conversation—out of their thought— out of their world — as in his own office he had dropped but of his own so far as aught remained to mark him the Bogue of a previous day. 'Does it behove me here to give any further account of the Sangster Christ mas Eve? Surely not. Light hearts and light heels ushered in the holy Christmas Day there, as let me hope at many other homes. It is true that the proceedings were hardly so without restraint as those at Chillipank's humble abode. Those who have walked laboriously up the ladder of life some way, acquire a little stiffness of the joints in the process. Such marches seem to be attended with a fear of falling, and so society on the upper range does not disport itself so recklessly as the class who have not far to fall, and may hardly call itself "society." Yet, human nature is everywhere the same, and although the ceremoniousness of polite life gives a certain automaton- like rigidity to those elevated to it's frosty height, youth is youth, love is love, and ever will be evermore, and on Christmas Eve these are by general prescription allowed a more genial fling on less auspi cious days. For is it not the celebration of the advent of a new birth for man and the Gospel of universal love and brother hood ? CHAPTER VIII. CHILLIPANK'S BREAKFAST DISTURBED BY MRS. VUPCHER. Mr. Farquhar had betaken himself to the bed provided for him at the hotel, after promising to breakfast with Mr. Chillipank at 9. "You see," said old Chillipank, "we are all of us for the Bay to-day, to eat oysters at Moseley's. The boys are going down at once. So, after tidying up, Fanny, with the Miss Merthyrs, and you and I, will have breakfast, and follow. I've engaged a trap, big enough for the whole of us. I shall just have a short nap, as I aint so young as I used to be; but as for them, bless you, they think no more of sleeping than I do of — of — .' And Mr. Chillipank fell fast asleep as he sat. Mr. Farquhar did not sleep. He kept brooding, brooding, over the chequered career of his past and broken life, not the least singular passage: of which appeared that he— discarded by his brother— son of the same mother who had nursed them both — his earliest playmate— his nearest and, should be, dearest friend, by every tie of birth and close association— should be the kindly-welcomed guest of a stranger, and that stranger no other than his brother's clerk, as he incidentally learned during the chatter of the pre ceding night. Could (he reflected) this apparently ac cidental meeting, and subsequent invita tion to Chillipank's house, have been con certed at the instigation of David Bogue? He had known David in the days of his boyhood, to have been selfish, close, secret, and of a dogged, persistent na ture, walking even towards trifles in a weary, stealthy, but yet determined way. He did not then appear, however, hard, cruel, and vindictive. Had his battle with the world made him so now, or was his manner thus marked but a mode of showing his displeasure at the disgrace he, Anthony Bogue, had brought upon the family name? And the meeting with Chillipank, artfully contrived to shield him from desperation, and, per haps, gradually pave the way to restora tion of a brother's affection. He was roused from these reveries by the cheery voice of old Chillipank calling, "Come along, sluggard. Breakfast's ready, and we're all alive O." Hastily performing his ablutions, but with a dull dreamy wonder as to where all this would end, a short time found Farquhar reseated at the Chillipank table. "A merry Christmas," cried Fanny. Merry ! Aye, she meant to make it merry, you may be certain, for herself and all about her. It was a wonder to see her after the previous night's thorough dissipation. Alert, all smiles and dimples— the frag ments of the night's carouse cleared away — dispensing hot cake and cold fowl and ham, preserves, and all manner of dainties with a pleasant word for every one. "Hadn't you better go to bed, dear?" enquired Chillipank, with a very lame attempt at gravity. "We'll try and do without you, my love." "Do without me," cried Fanny, "why you silly old fellow you'd go and drown yourself walking into the sea for weeds and cockle shells and such like rubbish, quite forgetting you had a daughter, you unnatural old parent." "Oh, no," said the Miss Merthyrs, ,"Oh, surely not." "Oh, but he would," said Fanny, shaking her head solemnly. Mr. Chillipank chuckled. He had a passion for collecting what he called spe cimens. "Fanny," he said, "I hope you have not been drinking; it's a bad I habit." Mrs. Vupcher (for whom one of the Miss Merthyrs had opened the door responsive to her knock), just entered in time to hear the last few words. "Well may it be said," remarked that lady, shaking her head portentously, "and not a word ontrue. Well ac quainted am I with the symbols, as many a time my poor dear Vupcher was over come." Mr. Chillipank stared at Mrs. Vupcher, Unenlightened as to the motive of her visit, it strongly occurred to him that she was not unacquainted with the "symbols" of strong drink in her own person. Well, poor soul, he thought, its a festive season, and she may be excused any little excess she has indulged in. Then aloud— "take a seat, Mrs. Vupcher." Fanny, prompt as her father, had placed a seat at the table for Mrs. Vup cher, and before her a plateful of good things, with a cup of tea. "Take off your bonnet, Mrs. Vupcher. A merry Christmas to you." "A merry Christmas to you, Miss," re turned Mrs. Vupcher, "which it's young people as has merry days, not, a lone 'ooman, nor which to speak neether a lone man, which how he does it none can say but them as the boot pinches, and straightens things." "Rather—eh?" whispered Farquhar to Chillipank, raising his elbow, and putting his hand to his mouth— "a little— eh !" Mrs. Vupcher, quickly and quietly as this was done, perceived it, and well up in "symbols" interpreted the action rightly, but not as applicable to herself. "Exacshually so, sir," she said, "he's hall in a 'eap on a harm cheer, and is that gone which not a word can he mutter, but the faces he made, and tried to shake his fist, that he couldn't, which he winked one eye, and so mortial gone never to open it I believe agin unless with brandy neat, and taken twice." "What on earth are you driving at?" cried Chillipank, with some asperity, "who are you alluding to— what do you mean ?'' "Bogue," returned Mrs. Vupcher, with dignity, her mouth full of hot cake, "Bogue, as is dead drunk, speechless, and motionless." "Mr. Bogue drunk?" exclaimed Chilli pank, "nonsense, he is the most tem perate of men." Then the manner of his dismissal recurred to him, and the idea he had formed in a similar direction until dis pelled by the writing of the cheque. Mrs. Vupcher shook her head, "I know the symbols." Chillipank reflected a moment. "Thereis something more serious in this than drink —I will go and see him," he said. "Go, and welkim," said Mrs. Vupcher, "He's no sight for a lone 'ooman, which, let alone the trouble of his getting his boots off, which its many a time I've pulled at my Vupcher's legs (which he wore wellintins), as I nearly pulled my harms off, and him not thankful— here's the key." "I will accompany you," said Far quhar, "you may need assistance." "I shall be back soon, girls," said Chillipank. "Keep your hearts up. I'll get him to bed, and some one to mind him, and be back in a jiffy." "Perhaps I may mind him," said Far quhar. What thought had he then? CHAPTER IX. BOGUE ABED. "Paralysis," said the doctor. (They had moved Mr. Bogue, by the medical man's directions, to his bed.) "The most mysterious of afflictions, im possible to guard against, and difficult to deal with." "Will he recover, think you?" en quired Chillipank. "Partially, he may, for the first stroke is rarely fatal to life; but that he will ever regain the use of his limbs, even should consciousness and speech return, is more than doubtful." "This is dreadful,'' said Chillipank. Farquhar spoke never a word. "Has he any relatives, do you know?" asked the doctor. Farquhar made a movement as if about to speak, but whatever he purposed saying he repressed it, "None, that I am aware of," replied Chillipank. "Any friends?" pursued the doctor. "Any friends," reiterated Chillipank, thoughtfully. "I have never heard him speak of any. He was not a social man, and made few, if any, intimates. His heart and soul were in business." No relatives that are known — no friends —his heart and soul in business. HEART AND SOUL. Here is a text for a sermon. No heart to beat in unison with the distresses — to sympathise with the weaknesses — to throb with mercy for the failings of his brother man; nay, with his brother, by blood. A soul with no thought of a hereafter — with no consciousness of any more ennobling aim than the sordid traffic of the money marts— of the earth earthly, most earthly. "You are his clerk, I believe?" said the doctor to Chillypank. "I have been for nearly a twelve month," replied Chillypank, with par donable evasion. (This is no time, he thought, to take notice of yesterday's affair; he was not in his right mind; this illness was upon him then.) "Well, I have done all I can do for the present; I will return in the course of the day. Perhaps you would like me to send a nurse?" "I will nurse him," said Farquhar. The doctor looked at him. A queer nurse, he thought, but seeing Chillypank made no objection he said, "Very well," and took his departure. For a time the silence was undisturbed, save by the stertorous breathing of the sick man. At length it was broken by Farquhar. "Do you know me,". he asked Chillypank. The old clerk was startled; how should he know anything of his strange guest, but the little he had told him. Was Farquhar, too, losing his senses, or was he himself going mad, or was this all but a hideous dream, born of fat goose and rich plum-pudding? Chillipank looked at him woderingly. "Has he there," said Farquhar, indi cating Bogue, "ever told you who I am?" "I wonder whether he had anything at the public-house. I remember his saying he couldn't stand drink." Thus thought Chillipank, still staring blankly at his interlocutor. "Has he," continued Farquhar, "at any time confided to you his affairs— I mean his private — his," with a gulp, "family affairs." "Nothing," replied Chillipank. "All I know even of his business affairs is simply the details of his outer office. He was a close impenetrable man." "Aye! a close impenetrable self-reliant man. God help him," said Farquhar, in a subdued self-communing way. Then, after a pause, during which Bogue's one open eye rested on them with a singularly unpleasant stare, "I will tell you a secret — a secret may cost me my liberty, but I must tell it. You seem cast by Providence in my way on purpose. The whole of these two short days' events, so out of the ordinary course of things all point to you as the depositary of my secret, and to this as the place I am to tell it in— I am David Bogue's brother; his only brother." This revelation was made so hurriedly, that the deprecating movement of Chilli pank's head and hands at being made the recipient of an unpleasant secret was un availing. "His only brother, Anthony Bogue," repeated his companion. Poor old Chillipank put his hands to his head to steady his thoughts. The unexampled strangeness of the circum stances surrounding him in a few short hours with such rapidity was nearly too much for the not over-strong mind of the simple old man. "Stop, stop," he gasped rather than said, "let me think a moment. Oh I wish Fanny was here." In the fond old father's belief Fanny was equal to anything, from plucking a goose to solving a riddle. Gathering together as best he might his wandering thoughts, he at first concluded that this was some artful scheme of his new acquaintance to put in a claim to Bogue's property, should he die. But, then, he remembered that this pretension of relationship, according to Farquhar's own admission, involved a hazard of loss of liberty. Looking earnestly at the face of Farquhar, as if his dim old eyes could there discern the working or his mind, he was startled by observing the strong likeness between the two men. He then said, in a vague questioning way, "His brother?" "His only brother Anthony Bogue," reasserted Farquhar, unflinchingly. "You will require strong testimony of this," said Chillipank. A queer noise came from the direction of the bed, something like the uncouth sounds made by an old Dutch clock when it runs down; then a singularly clear, but unnatural voice uttered slowly the words one by one, "I— will — testify — it." "You hear," asked Farquhar. "I hear," responded Chillipank. "Brother— oh, brother," then pas sionately cried Anthony Bogue (I shall no longer call him Farquhar), falling on his knees at David's bed-side, "you own me. Say again, brother, that you own me. I am Anthony, your own mother's son. You will get better. I will tend you, I will work for you, I will be your slave. Say only again that you forgive and own me.' Dumb silence. David had again re lapsed into death-like repose. The watchers for a moment thought he made, a slight movement of his hands. His brother took them, chafed them; but there was no response; they also were dumb. CHAPTER X. A TRIP TO THE BAY. "I am out of all patience," cried Fanny, "what can Father and that strange man be doing all this time?" It was midday, and its enough to make any young maiden lose patience to know that the glistening waves are making music on the sands, and that they are dancing arm in arm with the rays of the sun, and that the feet of gay young couples are keeping step to the dancing, and their hearts keeping time to the music yonder at the Bay, and not to be there. The two Miss Merthyrs were no less impatient to enjoy that seaside holiday, but as meek young maidens, Chillipank's guests thought proper to make excuses for that truant. "Perhaps Mr. Bogue's troublesome," said the eldest. "And won't go to bed," cried in the younger. "He's always troublesome, the old frump,'' said Fanny, "he's a Bogie by name, and a Bogie by nature." "Oh my," exclaimed the Miss Mer thyrs, "is he so dreadful?" "I believe he never goes to bed," con tinued Fanny, "but but sits up all night like an ogre." "You don't say," exclaimed her com panions, their curioity aroused, "tell us all about him." "Well, then," cried Fanny, "to begin — he's not so bad looking." "Not bad looking," echoed the sisters sadly disappointed. "Hush, here's father coming with the trap," and Fanny tripped gaily to the door. "Good gracious me — what's the matter?" cried Fanny, for Chillipank's face wore such a scared and generally tumbled down expression, that she felt quite alarmed. "Nothing, nothing, child," replied her father — that is, nothing which in any way need disquiet you." "Well, but what is it then?" enquired the impetuous Fanny. "The fact is Mr. Bogue is seriously ill." "Oh, is that all?" said Fanny. Here is a commentary upon the life of a selfish man. Fanny, whose heart would have bled at the faintest indication of misery, who would have shed tears over the yelping of a bereaved pup, and upon whose sympathy the most outrageous flame of a penny novelist would tell with thrilling effect, on learning of Bogue's serious illness could only say "Oh, is that all." "You and the Miss Merthyrs there fore," continued Chillipank, "must re join your friends at the Bay without me." "Oh," pouted Fanny. "It would be unseemly in me to desert my master while in the state he is — helpless and unconscious," pursued Chil lipank. "Can't Mrs. Vupcher—?" commenced Fanny. "Besides which, my child, consider it is always our duty to assist the afflicted on such a day as this," added Chillipank reverently, "a holy day as well as a holi day, we cannot forget it." "Can I not help?" cried Fanny. "Or me?" both the Miss Merthyrs. "You can be of no use, my dears. Our strange acquaintance will keep me company. Such scenes are fitter for the old than the young. Doubtless in your progress through life you may have to assist at many such; you need not anti cipate the day. Go, now, and enjoy rourselves, children. I shall enjoy myself better when I return in the knowledge you have done so." So papa Chillipank went to continue his watch by Bogue's bedside, and Fanny and the Miss Merthyrs went to the Bay. Now when they arrived there Charley, Peter, and William were prepared to re vive them, but a more unsocial and dis organised party were never assembled, for— would you believe it? — instead of keeping together, first Peter wandered off with the eldest Miss Merthyr, then Charley strolled away with Fanny, and doubtless William and the youngest Miss Merthyr would have strolled away, too, had there been any one left to stroll away from. That not being the case, Lucy Merthyr said, "Where can they have gone to?" "I am sure I can't imagine," said William. "Hadn't we better look for them ?" en quired Lucy. "Oh," said William, "they're sure to some back." Which they did at last, each couple as it arrived saying, "What did you stay behind for? How foolish; we thought you'd be sure to follow," and a great deal more to the same purpose, which would imply that each had been greatly dis appointed. But, as later in the day every one ad mitted enjoying the trip very much, I conclude that two young people can en tertain each other, especially if of oppo site sexes and so minded, just as well by themselves as not. Chapter XI. A TALE AND A TOAST. They had finished dinner; then Chilli panks having returned thanks, said, "God bless all here, and many happy happy Christmas days to come for my dear children." I may be here remarked that not only Chillipank's two sons and daughter showed some confusion at the concluding prayer, but that the two Miss Merthyrs blushed up to the roots of their hair, and that Charley squeezed Fanny's hand under the table. From all of which, we guess that if Chillipank was not thinking of family alliances, other people were. All excepting Joe, who disdaining the society of girls as beneath his masculine dignity, had, while down at the Bay, joined other heroic youths in athletic sports, which terminating in the fracture of his pants, was absorbed in the more serious speculation of how to keep that misadventure quiet. "Before we now retire to rest, which we all need—" continued Chillipank. "No," cried Joe, who dreaded a dis covery of the injured pants. "For," pursued Chllipank, whom we have observed to have rather a moralising tendency. "Even pleasures fatigue, I have a tale to tell, and a toast to pro pose." "Hoo-ray," shouted Joe, seeing a re spite from the inevitable revelation of the damaged garment. There were two brothers who for 20 years had been separated. The elder inherited his father's for tune; the younger made his way here to Australia to make his own fortune. The elder, who was of a generous — one might even say an improvident— disposition, would fain of his own will have shared his possessions with his brother. But the younger disdained to accept as a favor from his brother's hand what he con ceived to be his right. He believed that a father coinmits an injustice in making one son his sole heir to the detriment of another; and mingled with this sense of wrong was a feeling, if not of bitterness, at least of estrangement from the brother in whose favor he had been dispossessed, heightened, if possible, by the knowledge that an amiable girl whose heart he had gained, and whose hand he aspired to, became thus for ever lost to him. "Time in its passage reversed the posi tion of the brothers. "The elder, whose easy and good natured temperament readily betrayed him into the hands of sharpers and unpro fitable enterprises, finally in a moment of weakness, harried in every quarter by duns, fled, in an assumed name, from England to these shores. "The younger, ascribing the loss of the girl he loved entirely to want of fortune, fancied he saw in wealth the only key to happiness. Bending, therefore, a cold and concentrated nature entirely to the hope of gaining this key, he devoted every energy to money-making. Gradually, as he became successful, regarding that which he had once considered as a means, now the sole aim and end of his existence. "Thus, in the one case, this unequal dis tribution made one brother a reckless profligate, eventually a wanderer and a vagabond — an absconding debtor afraid to face the world. In the other it con verted a man who, if cold, was at least not malignant, into a grasping, avaricious, harsh, hard, cruel miser. "Not long since the brothers met and parted in anger and hate.—But, bless Christmas, it puts better thoughts into people. "Fill your glasses, boys, and drink again! Hail Christmas." After this performance had been gone through, the young ladies, putting their lips to the gentlemen's glasses with many faint remonstrances and show of aversion, "Oh, they couldn't ;" "Why they'd be tipsy, &c;," Chillipank resumed. "Bless Christmas! for this day they are reunited. I have just come from a bedside where a stricken, but let me hope better man, lies with his hand in his bro ther's. "Mr. David Bogue has sufficiently re covered from his severe attack to have regained consciousness and speech. He has briefly signified his intention of pay ing his brother's debts and taking him into partnership. The brother was known to all here as Mr. Farquhar." After waiting for the acclamations to subside caused by this announcement, Mr. Chillipank proceeded— "He has also intimated that he will either start me on my own account or give me a handsome appointment in the law firm, whichever I prefer. Further, he desires me to say he will provide a husband for Fanny." "Much obliged to him," shouts Char ley, very red in the face, "he's not wanted to." "Or," continued Chillipank, "if she has already made her choice — which I don't for one moment believe—." Fanny here stooped to pick up her handkerchief, and the effort must have sent all the blood into her head, her face was so crimson when she raised it. "He will give her a marriage portion — so fill your glasses — girls and all— "Here's to Bogue," may be soon recover health as he has this day recovered happiness. POSTSCRIPT. And here's to Chillipank and Fanny, and all other good people, and a merry Christmas and happy new year to all my readers. A. PENDRAGON. 