amBMB mm— w ' — " a di vqjtcE oasis. .. i A Jivorco case — in wiiioh a huabaml seeks ilivurew from his .wife, and alio, by n counter-action,: H'pnr.ition -from her " hiiHbaiul— will shortly como More Lonl Orraiilulo for proof snri judgment. Tlio cnsb will bo one oftho mbst.oxtroonlihary thai' has for many years cqhio bi'toro the Scottish imiirU. Tho following la nn outlino of tho story : —The liuabnml was till recently a landed pro prietor in tho Western Ilighltimla.. While living , nt n wftteritig.phico on the Olyde. hia wifo insisted on going on n visit to London. There shu placed herself— oil tho ndvico of two " fast'Mftdies, well known in cortnin fnshinnnblo circles jn tho metro-. polls— under tho frlcudlv protection of an ofilclnl in the Patents uflico, whoso numc has recently- \- figured conspicuously in tho newspapers, in j\ notorioim " scondal'Vcaso :of a-diffcront descrip \- - -tion-from the- present. .-They .left Londou- and — wont to Ascot; were joined by tbo two.'." Indies". already mentioned, nnd contributed in their own persons to tho assemblage, of " fashionable" Booiuty - at the rncecoiuso, ;Moanwhilo tho husband wus enjoying himself in tho, lioighbour- hood of Diuioon. Leaving Ascot, his wifo mnkce tlio acqnnintahco of a gallaut colonel in tho army, nnd to - kcpp' hcr London friuud, however, "ns "sweetens possiblu, shy opens n correspondence with him, but dates her lutters from Rothesay, ponding tiient to a female: acquaintance thore. Tho- sccno Is chnngod -to-UosB-ahiro. Rcjuiniug Ihero one nf. tlio " gontlemcu"1 wlio lmd como north, aho shares with him the comforts of his shbotiog-iodge; while with tho other malo friend, s who is also enjoying himself in tho Highlands— at not more than thirty miles' distance— alio keeps r- -- up a correspondence, .'dating her letters, however," not from tho shootiiig-ludge, in Ross-shire, but, ns before, from Rothesay. .Into further detail it iB > -not desirable at prosont to enter ; on dit that in all probability tho London " ladies"— ouo of whom- rejoices in a title, but has beeu divorced by her husband— will bo cited as witnesses. It is appre hended that there will.. be considerably difficulty In laying salt on tbo talis of these gay but-fihy birds; but. should they be forthcoming, it is behoved that their evidence will givo some start — ling revelations of what may bo covered by "fashionabio life" in Londou. Ghoeqe Franois Train on a New Line.— Tlio other day Mr. G. F. Train appearod at Tnmmnny-liall, Now York, ns a preacher. The fact had been advertised in tho following manner: — " To.night Rev. George Francis Train preaches on 'Old Fogies' of tho Biblo compared to tbe beautiful character of tho Saviour.' The same discourse suppressed last Sunday evening by tbe bigoted Puritanical Oooper Institutes Trustees. Oho mnn against 30,000 preachers." At tho appointed hour Mr. Train, "resplendent in brass . buttons nnd white kid gloves," presented himself beforo n crowded audience and delivered a discourse thus described byjho NwJYotk Timcsj —""lie opened" tbo vials" "bf his'wmlh upon the Amoricau people, and conveyed to them tbo agreeable information that they wero a 'set of toadies, flunkeys, and cowards/ Several institu tions of modern society which have at least tho ruspectnbihty of ago and good standing in the community were soundly abused, among tbem the Church, tho medical faculty, and tbo Press. Ho nlsntook ttjxra himself to set history right in several important particulars, and informed his „ audience that a certain cargo of choico teas was Jumped into Boston harbour some years ago by tho Fenians. lie- detailed tho experiences of parti-' uularly extensive travels over all thn continents of tho earth, and iufcrlarded bis discourse with numerous snatches of ' epigram/ composed on .the Rocky Mountains, and tn various other out- of- the-way places. The result of nil his various observation appeared to lie that all the world .was sunk.in degradation and ignorance, nnd only ono man can save it, and ho wasGoorge Francis Train, the only man in tho country who'is not owned.' The subject en which he was specialty announced to speak, 'The Old Forgies of tbe Biblo,' was the only topic not touched upon," Mr. Wolls, the. special commissioner of revenuo in tho United States, 'calculates , that the actual cost to the Northern States, of the war was not css_than_.4, 172,000, 000 . dollars, - and adding tho cost to tho South, tho dcstrnction of property, ' Stnte debts, pension lists, &c.;, it will amount to 9,000,000,000 dollars, which Is about equivalent' to £1", 800, 000, 000. This official estimate, made now and at a lime' when .tho opportunities for carofu! calculation nro pretty complete, nnd when there is no temptation to distort the figures, may bo accepted as tho final estimate of tho cost to tlio United States of the abolition of slavery. Prior to the war tho general estimate as shown by tbe census returns, wns that thero wero nbout 4,000,000 slaves, so that their emancipation has cost nt tba rate of nbout £450 a head. Tho cstimato of loss in money is independent of tho lo38 of lifo which, including negroes, has been calculated at not less than a million adult.males, Notwithstanding this severe tax on its resources, however, Ibe-recuperativo power of; tbe couutry is enormous, and 'this is very largely due to. the. immense aud still coritiuuing Immigration. Dur ing the last four years very noarly three millions of immigrants have entered the country, nnd fully half, ttml number have arrived during the last fivoyeaiy. That roto of increase is still being kept up, lis more (bun 850,000 arrived during the year 1869, Including the increase due to births, tho advanco of population is now at tho minimum roto cf 1,100, OCX) a yoar. It is intended to pay off tbo debt of tho States in fifty years.— ft M. Herald. ASen9ational Yarn indeed.-Gho'st stories are beginning to loose interest, pcoplo not being so credulous as they wero in days of yoro ; tho scribe is ofton put to hfs wit's ond for " something new;"— and- hence wo have some remarkably curious discoveries. But tho following, from tho Jlfonaro Mercury , is about tbe-best v/o have seen': An anecdote of an extraordinary character hoa been current in Coomn during tho past few weeks ; and as it is given out by agos6ip in towo as " gospel truth," we ventured to publish the out- . lines, leaving them to he discussed by ourreadors. Some few years back a couple on Monaro took it into Uictr heads.to bo made one "for better, for worac." Aflor a respcctablo period of tirno had elapflcd, they were blessed with a family remem brancer that left no doubt as to its, paternity, filling the hearts of its parents with great joy, as should always be tbe case. Of coorso the little ohe wbuld bave to-be christened. Hero the first " little difficulty" presonted itself, the blest parents being of different persuasions. The bead of the family asserted his privileges and demanded that the pretty stranger baptized in tHo faith orthodox of his forefathers. To this bis " bettor half' demurred (there Is not a married reader wbo can doubt it), tbe lady adding that she would soonor hnvo tlio nrm cut off hor, beforo sho would have it chrlBtened in another Church." In the end the lady came off victorious in tho marital ©tiniest. Wo need not go to tho length of record ing In print tho name 'of tho fairy innocent " bono of contention suffice it to say' that it is still alive and- kicking. Now, tho strougest, part of the story comes.' Another child vwne born unto this happy household— to bo sure, thero is nothing at all singular .about such an occurronco as that. But the iiforc'said "gossip" iloplures,- that the second olive brunch la minus that part of tho arm which should bo nttachod to tbo -elbow. " A recent christening at a church in Conma was the menus of bringing this mysterious affair to light,, nniLwu_hiivo_as yet no causo for doubting the' accuracy of tho narrative, as it was givon in all sincerity and with many pious ejaculations." . An Irish gyinlemnn lately fought a duel with .mi intimate friend because tho Jailor jocosely asserted iJmt ho was born' without a shirt to his biii'le. 