As Tuesday will be the 'convincing day' with reference to the questions now agitating the minds of the burgesses of Hamilton, it may not be out of place to say a few words thereanent Wo have already expressed our opinions as to the necessity which exists for placing this town in a habitable condition, ajid also upon the equity of the principle of allowing pos terity to pay a portion of the cost of the improvements to be handed dowu^o them. We go in for necessities in preference to luxuries, and have made no concealment of our disappointment that the special order for raising the loan made no provision for our summer requirements in the matter of Water Supply, although it included the erection of a Town-halL However, since the Loan question was first mooted, cir cumstances have somewhat changed. It is now shown that the Council are going to Bpend £600 in water supply, £500 of ?which has been promised by Govern ment, and the remainder is to be expended by the Council It is also proposed that the Town-hall should be erected in connec tion with a new Court-house, Survey -office, Treasury, and other public buildings ; which Disposition, however, would be a good deal more satisfactory if it could be demonstrated that the Government wore favourable to the scheme, and intended to can}- it out. We need not waste words in commenting upon the present disgraceful state of our stree'is and roads. Their con dition is unfortunately too patent to every body, and there cannot be 3 single doubt ao iv fauc n isuuiu Jl I 'I** Mill' I lit ill ells* ceptible of traffic, especially when a Go vernment subsidy of .£1000 or more, can be obtained towards the cost The footpaths, if an)-thing, are worse than the roads ; and if the principal owners of property are willing to pay half the cost of flagging the footways in the leadiig streets, such con tribution amounts to the same thing as a Government subsidy The trotloire in Gray and Thomson streets are expected to cost £1800, so that tht Council would not be making a bad bargain in executing works to double the exteit of the money they would have to pay for them. To prevent dis satisfaction as much as'possible, the footpaths in otuer streets are u be kerbed with timber and gravelled, of coirse without any con tribution being exacted from the owners of the properties abutting thereon. The Lons dale-Etreet drain is to bare £750 spent upon it, being £500 from the loan, and £250 from the ordinary revenue. This is an outlay the ratepayers will probably grudge, especially after the large sums already swallowed up, apparently to no pur pose, in the same ever-wideiing channel However, we are told by professional men, that unless this gutter is rcugh- pitched throughout, it will eventually produce a chasm in our market reserve similar to that which swallowed up the Roman forum, and which was only to be closed bj casting into its depths the most precious thing iu Home. Historians relate that the little difficulty was surmounted by the vanity of Marcus Curtdus, who by jumping into the gulf on horsebackjjproved himself to be the most precious fool the age could boast of ; but people are not so patriotic now-a-days, and the money of the burgesses, to the tune of £750, is the most precious thing our civic rulers can think of throwing into the Lonsdale-street drain. If this expenditure is an absolute necessity, we may dismiss it with the observation that it cannot be helped. And now we come to the Town-halL Well, we must admit that the town does want a public room, and wants it badly. Unlike most other towns, we have no place in which the burgesses can meet to discuss the various questions of the day, or in which to assem ble in social intercourse either for recreation or instruction. Most other towns of equal size possess some conveniences of the sort, and the metropolis of the West certainly should not be without such a public build ing. By the way, the suggestion of our Melbourne correspondent in worth consi dering — viz., that tne Mechanics' Institute Committee should obtain authority to sell their land and premises far the purpose of joining in the grand amalgamation of the Government offices with the public build ings. Bat the question with many of the burgesses is, that they consider a, liberal outlay upon the streets is more urgently required than the erection of a Town HalL We must confess that there may be some reason in this. Bat then we have to remember that the item for the Town Hall cannot be eliminated from the loan without cancelling the whole affair, and this cancellation involves the loss of £1000 Government subsidy. It is only in the month of August in each year, that is to say, at the time of any annual election, that a Borough Council is empowered to take steps far borrowing money. Now, the probability is that if the present loan project was upset, the Borough Council, for many years to come, would entertain a wholesome horror of again approaching the subject of a loan. In fact we might fairly make np our minds in such a case, to muddle along in the present unsatisfactory way, with a revenue insufficient for our re quirementfl, and with a perpetuation of that feeling of dissatisfaction which a short time back prompted many to seek relief by trying to barter the corporate existence of the town as a Borough, for the questionable advantage of getting the place absorbed into the Shire. But even the Shire would'nt have us, and so the alternative seems to te a total relinquishment of the rights and privileges of local self-government, with the abandonment of all hopes of ever getting a separate seat in Parliament appropriated to the Borough. This is the prospect loom ing in the future, unless wecan do wbatother Boroughs similarly circumstanced axe do ing — anticipate our income for a few years, and give the town of Hamilton a fair start «u wuc ton*? ui j/iugicoo* K?miiinmg U|f Mje whole circumstances then, the balance of reason seems to be decidedly in favour of carrying out the loan scheme, and there fore the opposition to the erection of a Town-hall, no matter how well founded, should not be allowed to ont-weigh all the other solid advantages accruing from the loan. V, Some of the ratepayers no doubt are afraid of extra taxation. But. it ifl not proposed to increase the burthens now im posed upon them. The special rate of ninepence in fho pound could not come into force till next year j and when it did come into, operation, the ordinary rate would be reduced to ninepenoe also. Bo that the only difference would be that the public would have to pay two ninepences instead of a lump sum of eigbteeupeuct, which is exactly the difference between tweedledum and tweedledee. Some may exclaim, 'How can councillors who are elected for three years, give a promise that will bind their successors for twenty years to come t' Such a question would be » very pertinent one, as the existing coun cillors cannot go bevoud their term of office. They can do no more than promise to keep the ordinary rate down to ninepence, so long as they have a voice at the Council table. It is the duty of the burgesses to look after their future representatives, and we should imagine that no candidate ad vocating an increase in the rate would stand the ghost of a chance of being elected if the majority of the public thought they were sufficiently taxed already. We have left ourselves but little space to speak of the proposition to take a poll of the ratepayers on the Loan question. We may remark, however, that English communities, -who generally pride them selves on the perfect character of their free institutions, usually regard an appeal of this sort as a reflection upon the working of these institutions, and as an indirect acknowledgment that their representatives are either not competent to deal with the subject of the PIMsciium, or require to be Irpnt nn t/i t\ia mart hv nntjti/li* ^lpfnfiati Still, if ever there was a case in which the innovation was justifiable, it would be in a matter where the credit and a large por tion of the revenue of a borough is to be pledged for a period of twenty years. We consider the Council were quite right in refusing voluntarily to rush into the irre gular proceeding of a ballot, but if the majority of the ratepayers decided in some practical way that such a proceeding was desired by them, we should say the Couucil would be wrong in refusing to accede to it A public meeting, unless it is uuaniiaous, or nearly so, affords but a very inadequate test Such gatherings usually include many who are not ratepayers — some who have no votes perhaps holding up both hands, and others having three votes taking no part in the proceedings. However, if a ballot is decided upon, there will be plenty of time to take it before the loan scheme is confirmed, although ex pense and trouble would be saved if the polling arrangements of Tuesday could be availed of for the purpose. 