CHALMERS CHURCH. The Rev. A. Cameron preached his first sermon as minister of Chalmers Church yesterday evening. His text was St. John, xiv. chap. 12 "Verily, verily, I saynntoyou, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also and greater works than these shall he do ; because I KO unto my Father." He observed that it seemed at first sight a strange, even a startling, statement for Christ to make. What works, it might be asked, could be done greater than those which Christ had wrought? Did he not give sight to the blind, hearing to the deaf? Did he not cleanse the leper, and give life to the dead? And did he not do these works after a great fashion ? Not, like the prophets and apostles, in tho name of another, but in his own name ; not by invoking the help of his heavenly Father, but by his own power. He acted as no mere man, but as true and very God, who spake and it was done. Yet he that believed was to do greater works than these. Some supposed that the language had reference to the greater fitness of some of the miracles wrought by the apostles to make an impression on the minds of the spectators, as speaking to the foreigners in their own tongues, smiting Elymas with blindness, the death of Ananias and Sapphire. But that could not be the explanation. Such a miracles were by no means more impressive than the hearing of the woman by the touch of the hem of Christ's garment; and none was more majestic than the calming of the stormy sea. Others supposed that it referred to the greater number of miracles that the apostles wrought ; but there was no evidence that they were more numerous, and the probability of it was the other way, for the apostles wrought miracles only occasionally, whilst Christ wrought them almost daily. Others supposed that the reference was to the effects the apostles' miracles produced. This, however, though more near the true mean- ing than any of the other suppositions, was not the true one. The reference evidently was to the nature of the work done. The reason given for the doing of the greater works was " because I go unto my Father." in the context and through the whole of Christ's farewell dis- course, he referred to his departure from the earth, and going to his Father. After he went to the Father the Holy Ghost was to come the Comforter, who was to teach them all truth. It was not to be supposed that the presence of the Holy Spirit had never been experienced by the church before the day of Pentecost ; but Christ meant that after his departure the Spirit should be poured out in most abundant measure, and that his apostles and disciples would do more towards bringing repentance to Israel than he had done himself. The miracles which Christ had wrought upon the bodies of men were mere figures of the works which when the Spirit was poured out would be wrought by his servant, over the souls of men. Pain, and disease, and death, with which Christ's miracles had dealt, were, after all, mere shadows of the more terrible realities caused by sin and guilt. The fleeing away of these shadows was only an emblem of the removal of the more awful realities without which they could have had no existence. True raising of the dead was only an intimation of the power to quicken the human soul from a deeper death. Nothing proved more strongly that this was the reference than a comparison of the spiritual results of Christ's own ministry with the results of the ministry of the apostles immediately after Pentecost. Although Christ spake as never man spake, yet but few were converted in his life. His discourses more often excited anger and hate than belief, though his teaching was enforced by miracles, and commended by a spotless life. The number of believers immediately after his death was only about 500, and even for so important an event as the election of an apostle only 120 disciples were present. Yet how wonderful was the change when, after Pentecost, on one day there were added to the church 3,000 souls, the fruits of a single sermon. A great door had been opened, and within 30 years Christ was preached through the whole known world. From these remarks, a few practical conclusions were drawn. First. What in Christ's view was the greatest work on earth ? We were accustomed to look back to the days of his own ministry as the most wonderful yet seen. So far as his personal presence was concerned, they doubtless were so. But, as Christ himself taught, the salvation of a soul was more marvellous than the raising of the dead, or the creation of a new world. record. Wonderful as such works were, they might be done at the instance of believers, For it was to be observed, the promise was not made to the apostles or to ministers, but to him that he lives. And for a very obvious reason, We can not say of any office in the church of Christ that where office is there is power ; or, the more prominent the office the greater the power. But where faith is there is power, or, as John Knox put it, faith is power. Third. It was seen how it was that a Gospel ministry that would accomplish great things is and must be a ministry of the Spirit. Ministers were sent by Christ not only with a like commission and a like message, but also with a like qualified tion. That which was Christ's own qualification as an apostle and a prophet of the church was given to the ministry by the Out- pouring of the Holy Ghost. Yet it was strange, and at the same time awful, that the church had made so little use of the power which it thus possessed. It had done very little. Dark- ness still covered the earth. In this matter believers ought not to lose themselves in the crowd. They ought not to forgot that the promise was not so much to the church as to individuals. He asked his hearers, with the talent they possessed, what were they doing for Christ ? He did not speak of mere occasional and fitful acts, of prayers more or less earnest that this one or that one might be saved. He spoke of faith, earnest unselfish faith, Were they putting out their talent to usury, or were they hiding it in the earth and forgetting all about it? He thought it suitable to speak thus under the peculiar circumstances in which he and his bearers were placed. They had called him to serve Christ, and he had come be cause he believed that it was Christ's call as well as theirs. They had a right to expect much from him in the capacity in which he was called. But he had also to remind them of their duty. The great practical heresy of Protestants was that which confined to ministers the duty of looking after souls. It was a matter of personal duty and obligation for each individual to proclaim the Gospel to others as far as he could. It was not sufficient to say that they were weak and helpless. Christ had chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise, and there was nothing so weak with which Christ could not accomplish much. 