Wave Prospect. By the Brer. Dr. Barry. ' It iB like a draught of Fire ! ' — Ooldm Legend CHAPTER XIV. 'Holmw.' WAeihek. THE PUBLICAN BE RESPECTABLE. THE ClANDESTISE LETTER. Mr. Woodroffe' s stay in town was three days longer than he had anticipated, and his letters, during those - days, were somewhat more clieeiful ; hinting, indeed, at the possibility of the removal of the apprehensions , which had weighed en his mind. Their cause, how- : ever, he still kept secret, and vague fears continued1 to haunt his household. On the day after the visit of the deputation to/ Mr. Sieveright, those vague fears were by noi means lessened by the discovery that their exist ence was not 'unknown beyond their immediate circle. JCiibk Ui sUi}VL*tllcllCc (UiU CaiJUij WciV aOlA/liibiluu VU see Mr. Livennore driving up the avenue, with his ? fast liveried servant beside him, dressed for visiting.'; i Now, Mr, Livermore, since at certain day, had never . ventured so far ; and, besides, he had now been away j for some time, and had but just returned, it seemed, : as suddenly as he had left. ; - It was not to be supposed that he came simply to ' pay a visit of ceremony. Friendship was out of the question; -so that the servant who opened the door had his instructions. 'Mr. Woodroffe is not at home, sir — and Mrs.' Woodroffe and the ladies are sorry they cannot see any one to-day ; but if you have any business, Mr.; George will speak to youin-the library.' '? The visitor hesitated — tins was not exactly the rej ception he had wished — for -that suited his purpose j but he supposed that if he merely went away, it might be suspected that he had a purpose ; 60 he disf mounted, and was shown into the 6tudy, and waited for George. s It was a strange old room, in contrast to all the other rooms of the house, by reason of its quaint antiquity, both of furniture and building. The greater portion of the house was quite modern, and if any par i of the original building remained it was modern ised, with its modern name «« Wave Prospect ; ' and no stranger, either approaching it by the drive or sitting in its comfortable drawing-room, would ever have suspected the existence of that one relic of many cornered, castle-walled antiquity in its midst. The depth of the window recesses will show you that the walls are at least four feet thick ; and a glance at the chimney, modernised only so for as to be fitted with a grate, suggests to the imagination a greater breadth of masonry, such as might aiford above, one of those chambers in the thickness of the flue, in which ?we read ,the lords of ancient castles used sometimes to retreat, in their la6t extremity, when their enemy had battered in the gate. The thought occurred the more readily, because the recesses at either side of the mantel disappointed one when compared with the depth of the chimney ; at first, at least, before the eye had been satisfied with the massive looking carved oak panels which screened the masonry on one side, and had made allowance for an equal thickness of timber which preserved from the damp of the wall that pale and faded tapestry which covers the other. The subject on the tapestry might be anything, it was so dim with age ; but the dark deep carvings of the old oak panellings had preserved much of their sharpness, and attracted the attention of the guest. They reached upward to th.e ceiling, within a yard of which, in the centre of the recess, there appeared the inappropriate modern addition of a turned ma hogany pole, set perpendicular in tlio panel — just such a pole as one sees bearing up the centre of a curtain that gives to a particular style of bed, tlie well known name, tent. If the library itself, by its antiquity, was an anomaly in the midst of die modem house, this ap pendage was a still greater anomaly among the antiquities around. Certainly the hand that had inserted it into that old oak. wainscot was not one much observant of the unities of things ; nor yet, one would say, very studious of personal comfort, if, indeed, it had held up the curtains of a bed — since few would be supposed likely to choose that ancient, grim, and ghastly chamber for his sleeping apart ment, unless in deep devotion to his books he wished to he surrounded by them night and day ; or rather welcomed the discomfort that warned away repose ; or unless his studies were of that elfish character that required his magic books around him while he slept, lest the spirit he had power over here, should take him unawares when he parted with his spell. , ' And so it was here,' thought Mr. Livermore, ' that the old gentleman chose his dormitory, during the last years of his life— if Friend James's tale be true — and that pole is some corroborative evidence of its truth. But, ugh ! what a place to sleep. How wierd and ghost-like ! Just the room one would expect to be haunted, if not with spirits, yet with draughts. There is no accounting for eccentricities. It could not have been from, admiration of this fine old massive oak — as the curtains of the bed must have been here— concealing it— (tapping it with the handle of his wlnp) — lie must have had a side view of that old tapestry — rather suggestive of spectres ! — pale horse, pale rider, pale ladies with pale dresses — once varied in colour, 110 doubt— but like the hero and heroines represented, all iaded to a uniform pallor now. And the old man, too, who had that pole inserted for his curtains — Here he knocked again with his whip handle — liighex up, as ifhalfindicat ing the object his thoughts had presented. The sound was somewhat different from the sharp unreverberat ing knock which had followed his former stroke — more elastic, more full, as if it had not so solid a resistance. He looked closely for any difference in panelling, but there was none, it was in heavylook ing squares, . each like another throughout. He knocked again, but received only the first sharp re sponse. ? Again — again — only the same. He must have been mistaken. He was still, however, thinking of the circum stance, when George Woodroffe entered ; and, after the first salutations had passed, took occasion to admire the old oak, and to have another trial. ' I was curious about this fine work, is it all solid work ? ' Tapping again. ' Certainly, Sir. Livermore- I believe it is of im mense age, and one can easily see in that corner, where a small piece of plaster has come off, of what massive depth it is— the carving speaks for . itself.' Mr. Livermore examined the mouse hole, and was satisfied of the thickness of the timber — that little detail had more interest for him than the sharpness of the carving, the beauty and finish of their details, or the massive grandeur of the whole effect. ' My ear mu6t have deceived me. I inadvertently touched it, and strange to say it appeared to sound hollow.' ' Yes, you were mistaken,' said George, knocking on it again with his shut hand. The visitor had not been invited to take a seat — and George did not wish to prolong the visit — lie therefore asked whether Mr. Livermore had not inti mated, that he had some matter of business about which he wished to speak to bim, ' Well, not exactly business. My primary object was to offer my condolence and sympathy with the family, whose happiness is so ? ' 'Mr. Livermore, I cannot hear this; you must please to confine yourself to matters of business.' ' I presume Mr. Woodroffe is not at home— I am aware of the painful circvnnatan.ee under which ' I beg to interrupt. Excuse me, I do not wish to be rude, but whatever you inay or may not know, you cannot expect me to discuss with you anything which my father does not encourage me to discuss with himself.' 51 Well, well. The children, of this world are in their generation wiser tlran the children of light. Why did he make this child of this world wise enough to know that all this trouble was kept secret from the Woodroffes ? He apologised at once. ' Certainly not, Mr. Woodroffe. Pray psirdon me, I was not aware of it being a forbidden topic. I had besides a very small matter, scarcely to be called busi ness — more in the character of asking a favour, not for myself) Mr. Woodroffe, tbe day when I could so far presume is past — but on public grounds, and for the sake of a most respectable, deserving, industrious man — I try to usewliatevcr little influence I have.' ' Very properly, I'm sure. What is the name, and what are the circumstances ? ' ' Well, sir, it is about poor Juskins. He has had notice to quit his premises.' ' My father told me of it,' 'It is his only means of livelihood.' ' An evil means.' ' Oh ! I know your strong enthusiasm ; excuse me, I was going to say ' fanaticism,' about tbe liquor traffic ; but Burely you would not go 60 far as to bring to poverty and destitution, a respectable man and his family.' . ' Pardon the interruption, Mr. Livermore ; but the very traffic in which I tun to understand you want to continue liim, how many men and their families, once respectable, does that traffic bring to poverty and destitution ? how many to madness and crime ? how many to the hulks and the scaffold ? ' ' Ihat is the way with all enthusiasts, Mr. Wood roffe ; you saddle on the use of a thing what is only due to its abuse. Now, it is excess that pro duces fill those terrible results, which, I admit, are as black as you delight in painting them.' ' For many of the people, moderation is not possi ble ; for all — temptations to excess almost irresistible are held out by tliose houses.' ' Granted, sir; hut look at it merally, sir — as a divine. I'm sure I haveheard a divine say that mode ration, or non-excess, was a greater virtue than total abstinence.' 'Indeed! Did his reverence give a reason ? ' 'Yes, sir; because moderation involves selfcon trol, resistance to temptation. The abstainer only acknowledges his weakness.' ' That is, a soldier should not- disarm his enemy at once, but deliberately make opportunities for him to continue the deadly struggle.' Mr. Livermore, I think I could have chopped logic with your divine. 'Will you tell him how . r' ' How ? ' ' Socratically thus. Does -the greater include the 'less — or the less the ..greater- ? ' ' The greater, of -course, ineludes the less.' ' ' But does total abstinence include non-excess — or does non-excess include -total abstinence ? ' ' Total abstinence inaludes non-excess.' ' Ergo, &c.; — Q. E. D.,' said George. ' New, sir, the syllogistic form is .the handiest for transmission. I shall therefore send it, with my compliments, in this form to the divine — thus— t, ' 1. Of two things, .that is the greater which includes the other. '2. Total abstinence includes non-excess. '3. Total abstinence-is a greater virtue than non excess.' Mr. Livermore took up his hat, and moving to ward the door, said, 'I don't profess to be able to argue with divines, Mr. Woodroffe ; but I came to plead in the name of good and kindly feelings for a fellow man; such as divines preach ; for a renewal of the lease of poor Juskins.' ' If I remember rightly, Mr. Livermore, yon began by saying that you put it on public and private grounds. It is upon these grounds, viz., as the liquor traffic affects the public, and as it affects the publican lriruself, that, in good will to both, I cannot ask my father to let premises for a public'- housfe.' ^ ' What has 6et him against lum ? Surely it was not his fault, if that fellow Hirers' took too much and caused the injury.' ' Be quite satisfied, sir, that my father is quite incapable of a vindictive thought — even if the accident allowed it. If he lias not shown any such ignoble feeling against Bivers, be sure he has none against Juskins. But this accident has been a sharp reminder to him, that he ought not to help in keeping open places of temptation and ruin, for hundreds of such men as Rivers.' ' The men who engage in that trade are as respecta ble as any other.' 'Perhaps so, Mi'. Livermore, before they have engaged in it ; it is the trade, I believe, that has made some of them not respectable. Do we not a good work to them, to try and suppress their traffic ? ' 'Not respectable!' exclaimed Mr. Livermore, rather hotly, ' What do you mean, sir ? ' ' Well, sir, there's no use concealing it ; none of us — not you, or I, or any other thinks the trade respectable ; not to mention the secret practices at many public-houses — the people of both sexes who frequent them, and other vices to which they pander, and the necessity of their being watched by the police continually. You know these things as well as I ; but I need only open any morning newspaper police report to find the sort of odour that surrounds the liquor- shop. The list of wretches, found drunk and disorderly, fined 5s. and costs ; the oaths, thfe violence, the lawlessness, the beastliness that all seem to have emerged from the same reeking hot-beds'. Shall we call these ruffianly results respectable ? No more is he who has turned them out so.' \ Premises which the police are always watching for criminals are not respectable — such is the public house. ; A11 occupation which produces five-sixths of the crime, vice, and insanity in the land is not respecta ble — such is the public-house. A house from whose neighbourhood all remove their private dwelling as far as possible, because' of the squalor, obscenity, clamour, and wretched hap less misery that surround it, is not respectable — such is the public-house. An avocation which makes the sober man a drunkard, and maddens the drunkard to death, — hands over the victim, scarcely resisting, to the seducer, whose very nature it has fired to the crime,— and deprived of all mercy : — that cannot be respecta ble — and such i6 the public-house. Mr. Livermore was becoming uneasy. Indeed, hif dislike of the Woodroffe family amounting, lately, to absolute hatred, it was with difficulty he had masked it so long. He now made haste to depart ; George trying to calm him somewhat by assuring him that for Juskins himself, apart from Juskins the publican, he was sure his father would do anything in Iris power ; hut lie no longer felt free in conscience to have any property of his, engaged in the trade. ' WeU, Mr. Livermore (as he was in the hall), I wish you would be as ready to listen to a request of mine as I have been to yours, — a favour, too, on behalf of many poor families ; a favour to me — to all of us — and a good work before God.' ' AVhat?' ' We have numbers of workmen here now, and hundreds are coming to your new works. You are interested in having them steady for your work. We are all interested in keeping up their self-respect and comfort. There is abroad among them an uneasy feeling that in some way or another you ? ' 'I what, sir?' exclaimed Mr. Livermore, with scarcely suppressed passion. ' Excuse me, sir ; pray be calm. I only wish to suggest tliat, however unfounded, any bad feeling among men toward their employer ought, if possible, to be driven away.' ' ' AVhat is the impression ? ' ' Well, sir, they have the idea that you encourage them in drinking ; perhaps from your treating them 011 such occasions as I witnessed some time ago at the cottages. They have spoken of other reasons, but I don't enter into them. I only implore you, sir, to leave them withont any foundation by joining with us, in our attempt to save these poor fellows andjtheir families.' ( ' Astonishment made Mr. Livermore cool again, and he adopted the ironical tone. ' And what should be my first step in this direc tion, Mr. AVoodroffe ? ' ' The alteration of your design of adding a new gin-house to your building.' 'And next?' 'You have immense influence with the workmen. Can you not say to those who begin next month at the viaduct arch ? ' ' Sir — its foundations shall be laid with drink, and the key-stone shall be laid with drink (this as he was bowed out). You and your haughty family spurned my alliance ; Choose now my hatred, and see if the puny weapons of morals and religion and right shall not be shivered against the impenetrable armour of the people's vices. And so farewell, Mr. AVoodroffe, of Wave Prospect ; not for long, if I could get that fellow James just a few steps lower down the ladder of his vices, — so that he must do my bidding.' This open explosion, the beginning of which was all that was heard by George, the door being shut on the rest — this open explosion was the very last thing the visitor desired. In fact, he had systematically avoided it — and, naturally a man of self- control, had hope of concealing his dislike by appearing as condol ing friend at Wave Prospect. He had not given up— lie never could give up that dream. By some means or other he ever plotted to realise it; and he saw that openly proclaimed hostility to the family, was not the way to his end. But continual doses of brandy and water for years, however hardened a man may consider himself to its use,- must in the end weaken his control in moments of irritation ; and he felt he had now fairly thrown off tbe mask. There was only one chance now in that direction. AVhatever might be said of his other Bchemes, their success could not put him a step nearer that. He must isolate her from the rest. He must work upon her fears for them, so as to keep up that isolation. He must make her suppose himself necessary as a confidant, so as to save her father ; and the more she was isolated, the less protected she would be. And then — why then, when the crash came — he-could pick her up, by consent or force, out of the ruin of the hated house, and gratify his hatred and his passion at once. AVith this view he proceeded to act in his castle of Paphos, one hour later. Fortified thereto by his usual beverage, and carefully . selecting the words which he slowly and deliberately indicted ; having folded his note in the very neatest envelope, he made his arrangements that it should be delivered to her, not among the rest of the family, when she would be apt to confide its receipt, or be questioned about it— ? but when alone. The post, therefore, was rejected. Meanwhile the anxiety of the AVoodroffes was greatly aggravated by the morning's interview — ag- gravated by the simple feet which it proved — that tne cause ofMr. AVoodroffe's trouble, though, utterly un known to them, was by no means secret to others. So long as the outer world was not aware of it, their own apprehension seemed a sacred thing. Now, that the world inew more of it than themselves, there was a sort of jealousy of sorrow that chafed — and in the dark. 'Others could injure him whom they could not help. And this counterbalanced, for the dny, at least, the renewed cheerfulness of Mr. AVoodroffe s corres pondence from London. -It required all the efforts of ?the younger members to prevent their mother from completely giving waj . She would not, however, allow her daughters to remain within, 'moping,' as Bhe said.; there was nothing like going -about on their usual out-of-door rambles and visits, to -shake off the worst of these depressing cares. They therefore spent-the middle of the day thus : — 'For an hour paying their usual call at Mrs. Fairborne's, and sharing with her their troubles, wliich seemed easier to bear when she had been told them ; then treading their way tlirough lanes and courts -and narrow streets, giving the women, who were the only inmates .at- that hour, at those houses, encouragement at their -work, and talk ing especially about the assistance .which they ex pected from, them in the new movement against alcohol. *'? They had entered completely into Emma Fair home's idea of forming the women, — wives, daughters, sweethearts, and mothers and sisters into an anti alcoholic bond for the influencing of .the men. And the grand scheme was to enlist them, as far as possi ble, beforehand,.and to increase their strength for the great day of opening the hall, when they were tojie called on publicly to enter into the bond. Now, the hours went by more .rapidly than the sisters expected, as hours always do -when pleasantly and profitably employed, especially. in active work of doing good ; and the dinner had already begun, when they returned; they therefore kept their out-door dresses on, and hurriedly partook of some, and when they arose sought the cool air outside — Florence to the garden summer-house, with a hook — Emily to the avenue, which she paced quite briskly up and down at first, as if her very speed would Keep down gloom. Such speed, however, cannot be kept up long, especially by ..girls who happen to have in their pockets letters from an engaged lover, for Lord Bay ford was away on business for a few days, and of course he must either write or come. So she begins to loiter and think. AVell — these thoughts are less sad than the others. Presently out comes a letter — a bundle of them. She sorts them like cards, opens them like a fan, holding them out from her by the fingers and thumb, pressing merely the comers — is in doubt which to the elect one, chooses at length the sweetest, — and is soon lost in its protestations of love. She is nearly at the gate now ; a boy is by her 6ide wishing to be seen. She is absorbed. At last he touches her — when, quite startled, she hastily crumples up the letter in her hand, as if she would protect it. 'Don't be afraid, Miss' — presenting a note — 'I was bid give this into your own hand, and to beg of you to read it when alone,' and he vanished. ' Some trick of Bayford's, I know ; nothing will ever cure him of those romantic notions about pages, surprises, &c.;' How much she wished him to be cured ! 