LITERATURE. AMONG MY BOOKS.* Mr. Lowell, so well known in literature as a poet, with a serious and a comic vein, both of which he has worked with distinguished success, here appears as a critic, to no less ad vantage. The essays are upon " Dryden," "Witchcraft," "Shakspeare Once More," j "New England Two Centuries Ago," " Lessing," and " Rousseau." Of these, the first and the third are by for the most important, exhibiting, as they do, our author as the possessor of a refined and delicate taste, of singular acumen, and a choice gift of expression. He proves himself a man of wide reading and of deep insight into the springs of life and poetry. The essay on Dryden is particularly valuable as an at tempt to relegate to his proper position in literature a writer of whom it is the fashion to speak much but to read little. Mr Lowell's criticism is acute and yet kindly, though it seems to us that he dwells a little too long on the imperfections of the great English poet who came between Milton and the moderns. Dryden's career it is true, was one most varied and unequal, and perhaps no other true poet ever produced so much that was not only absolutely dull and poor, but deliberately bad. A good deal of this, as Mr. Lowell remarks, is to be attri- buted to the temper of the age in which Dryden lived, which was essentially prosaic and insincere. Well does our critic remark that:— " Thrice unhappy is he who, born to see things as they might be, is situated by circum stances to see them as people say they are,—to read God in a prose translation. Such was Dryden's lot, and such, for a good part of his days, it was by his own choice. He who was of a stature to snatch the torch of life that flashes from lifted hand to hand along the generations over the heads of inferior men, chose rather to be a link-boy to the stews." This is a hard character, and to prove it Mr. Lowell is driven to lay too much stress upon Dryden's earlier writings, especially his dramas, which are certainly not a fair sample of the poet's work, and which are deservedly forgotten. More generously does Mr. Lowell add that "If Dryden mostly wanted that inspira tion- which comes of belief in and devotion to something nobler and more abiding than the present moment and its petulant need, he had, at least, the next best thing to that—a thorough faith in himself.' He was, moreover, a man of a singularly open soul, and of a tem per self-confident enough to be candid, even with himself. His mind was growing to the last, his judgment widening and deepening, his artistic sense refining itself more and more. He confessed his errors, and was not ashamed to retrace his steps in search of -that better knowledge which the omniscience of super ficial study had disparaged." Mr. Lowell does not allow that Dryden was altogether a great poet "in the narrowest de finition," but acknowledges that he was "thoroughly manly," and that he was "a strong thinker, who sometimes car ried common sense to a height where it catches the light of a diviner air, and warmed reason till it had well-nigh the illuminating property of intuition.' As Wordsworth said of Burke, "he was by far the greatest man of his age, not only abounding in knowledge himself, but feeding in various directions his most able contemporaries," thus realising that fine saying of Landor, that " the great man must have that intellect which puts in motion the intellect of others." To have deserved this character is something, and one may pardon the depreciatory passages in which Mr. Lowell seems to us to be a little severe on the poet. Some part of this dispraise is really rather complimentary, as when the critic says that "we always feel his epoch in Dryden, that he was the lock which let our language down from its point of highest poetry to its level of earnest and most gently flowing verse." This is really true and well said, as also the remark that Dryden's enthusiasm " needs the contagion of other minds to arouse it, but his strong sense, his command of the happy word, his wit, which is distinguished by a certain breadth and, as it were, power of generalization, as Pope's by keenness of edge and point, were his, whether he would or no." As a satirist Mr. Lowell acknowledges Dry den's 'superiority, but he scarcely dwells suffi ciently on the poet's achievements, on which must rest his fame with posterity. No one in our language—scarcely any other in any language—understood the art and the re sources of satire better than Dryden. "If he is sometimes rough, he never took a base advantage. He knocks his an tagonist down, and there is an end. Pope seems to have nursed his grudge, and then, watching his chance, to have squirted vitriol from behind a corner, rather glad than otherwise if it fell on we women of those he hated or envied. And it Dryden is never dastardly, as Pope often was, so also he never wrote anything so maliciously depre» ciatory as Pope's unprovoked attack on Addison. Dryden's 'satire is often coarse, but where it is coarsest it is commonly in defence of himself against attacks that were themselves brutal. Then, to be sure, he snatches the first ready cudgel, as in Shad well's case, though even then there is some thing of the good humour of conscious strength.. Pope's provocation was too often the mere opportunity to say a biting thing, when he could do it safely. If his victim showed fight, be tried to smooth things over, as with, quarrel, but he never slunk away from any, least of all from one provoked by himself. Pope's satire Is too mgch occupfed jwcth the externals of manners, habits, personal defects, and peculiarities. Dryden goes right to the rooted character of the man, to the weakness of his nature." bearing out the opinion ex will find this a good guage or only spins upon itself. Take Dryden's 'Achitophel' and 'Zimri;' every line adds to or modifies the character, which is, as it were, a building up to the very last verse; whereas in Pope's 'Timon,' &c.;, the first two or three couplets contain all the pith of the character, and the 20 or 30 lines that follow are so much evidence or proof of covert acts of jealousy, or pride, or whatever it may be that is satirised." The final judgment upon Dryden, as a poet, is admirably expressed, and is perhaps the truest which has been ever pronounced "Certainly he is not, like Spenser, the poet's poet; but other men have also their rights, Even the Philistine is a man and a brother, and is entirely right so far as he sees. To de mand more of him is to be unreasonable. And he sees, among other things, that a man who undertakes to write should first have a mean ing perfectly defined to himself, - and then should be able to set it forth clearly in the best words. This is precisely Dryden's praise, and amid the rickety sentiment looming big through misty phrase, which, marks so much of modern literature, to read him is as bracing as a north-west wind. He blows the mind clear. In ripeness of mind and bluff hearti ness of expression, he takes rank with the best. His praise is always a short-cut to his sense, for his estate was too spacious for him to need that trick of winding the path of his thought about, and planting it out with clumps of epithet, by which the landscape gardeners of literature give to a paltry half acre the air of a park. In poetry, to be next best is, in one sense, to be nothing; and yet, to be among the first in any kind of writing, as Dryden certainly was, is to be one of a very small company. He had, beyond most, the gift of the right word. And if he does not, like one or two of the greater masters of song, stir our sympathies by that undefinable aroma so magical in arousing the subtile associa tions of the soul, he has this in common with the few great writers, that the winged seeds of his thought embed themselves in the memory and germinate there. If I could be guilty of the absurdity of recommending to a young man any author on whom to form his style, I should tell him that, next to having something that will not stay unsaid, he could find no safer guide than Dryden." The essay on " Shakspeare Once More" is fall of original and noble thought,even for so well worn a theme. Mr. Lowell begins by re marking on the happy circumstances of Shakspeare's birth, in the very age which seems to have been made for him " All favourable stars seem to have been in conjunction at his nativity. The Reforma tion had passed the period of its vicious fer mentation, and its classified results remained as an element of intellectual impulse and ex hilaration ; there were small signs yet of the acetous and putrefactive stages which were to follow in the victory and decline of Puritan ism. Old forms of belief and worship still lingered, all the more touching to fancy, per haps, that they were homeless and attainted; the light of sceptic day was baffled by depths of forest where superstitious shapes still cowered, creatures of immemorial wonder, the raw material of imagination. The invention of printing, without yet vulgarising letters, had made the thonght and history of the entire past contemporaneous; while a crowd of translators put every man who could read in inspiring contact with the select souls of all the centuries. A new world was thus opened to intellectual adventure at the very time when the keel of Columbus had turned the first daring furrow of discovery in that un measured ocean which still girt the known earth, with a beckoning horizon of hope and conjecture, which was still fed by rivers that flowed down out of primeval silences, aud which still washed the shores of Dreamland. Under a wise, cultivated, and firm-handed monarch, also, the national feelingof England grew rapidly more homogeneous and intense, the rather as tbe womanhood of the sovereign stimulated a more chivalric loyalty, while the new religion of which she was the defender helped to make England morally, as it was geographically, insular to the continent of Europe. If circumstances could ever make a great national poet,here were all the elements mingled at melting heat in the alembic, and the lucky moment of projection was clearly come." In his birth Shakspeare was doubly for tunate. Saxon by the father, and Norman by tbe mother, he was a representative Englishman: " A country boy, he learned first the rough* and-ready English of his rustic mates, who knew how to make nice verbs and adjectives courtesy to their needs. Going up to Lon don, he acquired the lingua aulica precisely at the happiest moment, just as it was becom ing, in the strictest sense of the word, modern- just as it had recruited itself, by fresh impressments from the Latin and Latinised languages, with new words to express the new ideas of an enlarging intelligence which printing and translation were fast making cosmopolitian,-words which, in proportion to their novelty, and to the fact that the mother-tongue and the foreign had not yet wholly mingled, must have bean used with a more exact appreciation of their meaning. It was in London,and chiefly by means of the stage, that a thorough amalgamation of the Saxon, Norman, and scholarly dements of English was brought about Already Patten bam, In his Arte of English Poesy, declares that the practice of the capital and the country within sixty miles of it was the standard of correct diction, the jus et norma loguendu Already Spenser had almost re-cre ated English poetry,-and it is interesting to observe that, scholar as he was, the archaic words which he was at first over-fond of in troducing often provincialisms of purely English original Already Marlowe had brought the English unrhymed pentameter (which had hitherto justified but half its name. by being always blank and never verse) to a perfection of melody, harmony, and variety which has never been surpassed. Shakspeare, then, found a language already to a certain extent established, bnt not yet fetlocked by dictionary and grammar mongers, a versifica tion, harmonised, but which had not yet exhausted all its' modulations, nor been set in the stocks by critics who deal judgment on refractsry feet.that wdll dance to Orphean measures of which their judges are insensible. Lhat the language was established is proved tivp uuformity as asefl by the . lo wrote for xnixed audisncas, astby Ben Jonson's satire upon Mars ton's neologisms; thatitat the same time atlzfenfpp o^ good equally Itijie. What was of great paporv Jao*mtr»ry line, had been drawn; between Jhiyi ^iords and lpw ; vulgar then! meant . Mtaply H^hat -mt-, cpmnbion^ .. i,i'4o,Il»ftwe?in;'.'iihe. ifof veree, .and privileged tfa(pr forever keep the Wt &moep;|fcm bfthepoet; led.whatworcUua instinct prompted, and saw do indiscretion in making a king speak as his country nurse might have taught him. It was Waller who first learned in France that to talk in rhyme alone com ported with the state of royalty. In the time of Shakspeare the living tongue resembled that tree which Father Huc saw in Tartary, whose leaves were languaged,-and every hidden root of thought, every subtilest fibre of feeling, was mated by new shoots and leaf age of expression, fed from those unseen sources in the common earth of human nature." In his criticisms of Shakapeare's powers Mr. Lowell is very happy, and contrives to say many new things which seem to us to be obvious, although they have never before attracted the notice of the thou sand Shakspearian commentators. Espe cially true and felicitous is the remark that while Shakspeare was an English poet in a peculiar sense, his method was thoroughly Greek, with this remarkable difference, that while the Greeks invested national themes with universal interest, Shakspeare did tho converse, and choosing cosmopolitansubjects, made them national by his mode of treat ment : "Wonderful as his imagination and fancy are, his perspicacity and artistic discretion are more so. This country tradesman's son, coming up to London, could set high-bred wits, like Beaumont, uncopyable lessons in drawing gentlemen snch as are seen nowhere else but on the canvas of Titian ; he could take Ulysses away from Homer, and expand the shrewd and crafty islander into a states man whose words are the pith of history. But what makes him yet more exceptional was his utterly unimpeachable judgment, and that poise of character which enabled him to be at once the greatest of poets and so un noticeable a good citizen as to leave no in cidents for biography. His material was never far-sought, (it is still disputed whether the fullest head of which we have record was cultivated beyond the range of grammar school precedent!) ; but he used it with a poetic iiibtiuct which we cannot parallel, identified himself with it, yet remained always its born and questionless master. H j finds the clown and fool upon the stage,-he makes them the tools of his pleasantry, his satire, and even his pathos ; he finds a fading rustic superstition, and shapes out of it ideal Pucks, Titians, and Ariels, in whose existence statesmen and scholars believe for ever. Always poet, he subjects all to the ends of his art, and gives in 'Hamlet* the churchyard ghost, but with the cothurnus on, the messenger of God's revenge against murder; always philosopher, he traces in 'Macbeth' the metaphysics of apparitions, painting the shadowy Banquo only on the o'erwrought brain of the murderer, and stain ing the hand of his wife-accomplice (because she was the more refined And higher nature) with the disgustful blood-spot that is not there. We say he had no moral intention, for the reason that, as artist, it was not his to deal with the realities, but only with the show of things; yet, with a temperament so just, an insight so inevitable as his, it was impossible that the moral reality which underlies the mirage of the poet's vision should not always be suggested. His humour and satire are never of the destructive kind; what he does in that way is suggestive only, not breaking bubbles with Thor's hammer, but puffing them away with the breath of a clown, or shivering them with the light laugh of a genial cynic. Men go about to prove the existence of a God ! Was it a bit of phos phorus, that brain whose creations are so real, that mixing with thBm, we feel as if we ourselves were but fleeting magic lantern shadows? " But higher even than the genius we rate the character of this unique man, and the grand impersonality of what he wrote. What has he told us of himself? In our self-exploit ing nineteenth century, with its melancholy liver- complaint, how serene and high he seems! If he had sorrows, he has made them the woof of everlasting consolation to his kind; and if, as poets are wont to whine, the outward world was cold to him, its biting air did but trace itself in loveliest frost-work of fancy on the many windows of that self centred and cheerful souL" The other essays in the book are scarcely equal to the two from which we have made our quotations; and that on " Rousseau and the Sentimentalists" is spoilt by some most un worthy and quite uncalled-for explosions of ill-temper against Moore, and Burke, aud Johnson, whose offence it was, that they did not reverence Rousseau so high as Mr. Lowell does. To call Burke " a snob," and to speak of Dr. Johnson's logic as "of that fine, old crusted port sort, the native manufacture of the British conservative mind," is for the writer to be simply unjust, to himself, even more than to his subjects. To sneer at Moore as" the ci-devant friend of the Prince Regent, and the author of 'Little's Poems,'" because he moralised upon the cottage where Rousseau lived with Madame de Warens, is not in very good taste. It cannot exalt Rousseau, and It certainly will not injure Moore. Mr. Lowell shows in this essay that he is not without a certain spice of that vulgar national conceit which holds that, to be a republican is the chiefest of merits. In other respects, he is a wise, kindly, and sympathetic critic, who has proved himself by his own works to be of kin to the great names in English poetry which form the subjects of his judgments. 