(Ornitgt Calnnm. A RIBBON LODG E PLOTTING THE MURDER OF A LANDLORD. The following descriptive scene of Rib- bonmen preparing to murder an Irish landlord is from Nightshade,' the new volume of the ' Rim-and-Bead Library,' written by Wm. Johnston, Esq., M P. Mr. Johnston's Orangeisin is well known, and the sketch must be taken for what it is worth :— A dozen men sat sleepless in a cabin; half a mile away, on that same dark night, and they listened to the blowing storm, and heard the splashing of the great rain-drops in the pool at the door. They listened, and sat on, talking; and they felt sure that no one would come near the cabin to disturb their talk that night, so wet, and dark, and cold, and stormy. ' I say he must die, Tom ; he is a bloody Saxon anyhow, an' he is a heretic an' a ' ' An' will ye lave the young wife a widdy, Pat?' 'Troth an' I will, then ; di ' thee care for our wives and childre ? Divint thee turn them all out into the cowld and the rain, the critturs ? ' ' And what right have the bloody Saxons to our money, anyhow? Don't they rob our clargy ; and don't they take our lan', and don't they want blood money, forbyc, the heretic divils ? ' said Mick Feeny, » dark, heavy- browed, sallow-faced ruffian, sitting almost hid behind a pile of turf in the corner of . the kitchen. 4 Sure our clargy tell us they're thieves, an' that the lan's ours, an' that they've no right to get our money,' said Frank Higgins. ' An' yet these Saxon villins ax us for rint ; rint indeed ! Jt's thim should pay us for getting lave to live in Ould Ireland at all at all,' chimed in Jimie Doogan. 4 True for ye, Jimie ; and if we had the good time come, we wouldn't let them live iu it, naythur,' added Pat Grimes, the first speaker. 'Well, an' that we wouldn't; and now 'a the time to begin, hoys,' said Larry M'Cann. 'Troth, we must make a beginning; an' it's time we wur at it, Larry.' ' 'Deed an it is, an' your'c the boy for a decent job, Mick.' ' The night is fine and dark now; and he he's comin' home at tights;, we'll soon make his nights darker, I'll warrant him, said Mick. 4 Ye'll he jokin' in yer coffin, Mick, I'm thinkin,' said Tom, as a hoarse laugh greeted the speech of Feeny. ' Whist about coffins, will ye ? one's enough at wonst, and that's for him' said Pat Grimes. ' The devil a coffin we'll give them ; but we'll give them somethin' to fill one, anyhow,' Mick said ; and the sentiment was received with applause, Mick being evidently a leading man in the matter in hand. ' Hev ye thim shooting-sticks in ordther hoys ?' shrieked out a thin, pale man, with a voice like an ungreased cart wheel. ' What di' ye know about shooting- sticks, Dan Murphy ?' asked Mick gruffly, ' lave thim to me, an' mind yer own busi ness.' 4 An' isn't it my bisness, an' iveryhody's bisness ; an' aren't ye furgetting the rale articles that can do the work, in yer pra- tin' about the dark nights, and coffius, and sitch like.' ' Who's to get his reverance's blunder- bush V asked Larry. ' Who's to do the job ? that's the ticket ' — then we'll settle about the blunderbush' said Mick. ' I got the blunderbush from Tim Goo- Ian,' said Frank Higgins, 'and he towld me his revcrance knowed it, but nobody was to know he knowed it ; and Tim tuk a file and filed off the marks, the numbers, and sitch like, and thin he give it to me ; and it's mesclf that's the boy will shoot streht with the holy tool.' ' Ye'vc a half too much tonguo in yer. head, Frank,' said Mick; 'if ye'd howl yer tongue and inind yer ordthers, it id be better for ye.' 'An divint I mind. me ordthers ? ' An isn't it me that did mind me ordthers, when I had to do the nate little job for Sam. Patterson, and- for Mr. Jones, and for——' 'Bad scran to ye, will ye whist— or well Bot.be done talkin' the night,' said Larry M'Cann, pulling him by the coat, . ' Now,; then, hoys for the hat' 1' . Mick called out, and came forward to the table with an old tattered hat in his hand full of dirty pieces of paper. On one of these pieces was marked a certain word ; the rest were all blank. The piece with , the word oh it decided who was to have the pries' 8 blunderbuss, and fire the first shot in the intended murder. As the men came forward one by one, some anxiety was . displayed. The first that came forward was young Tom Ma- guire. He stepped forward with a slight hesitation, not very apparent, perhaps, and unnoticed by the most of those pre sent, but not unseen by Mick Feeny. ' Come along, my boy,' he said, ' fir the honour, of ould Ireland and the glory of the Virgin. Tom came up to the table, and putting his hand into the hat, drew out a paper It was a blank, and he turned round and went back to his seat Next came Jimie Doogan. Mick had a word for him too. ' Ye' re come to rid Ireland of the bloody Saxons, like our old King Jimie ?' ' Feth, an' he run away ; an' Jimie '11 not do that.' Larry M'Cann said, as Jimie put his hand into the fateful hat ; and as he drew it out, made a grimmace at Larry, holding the blank ticket before him. At last it came to Pat Grime's turn. 'I doubt I'll not get the chance,' he said; as the hat nearly tumbled off the table with the motion of his hand. ' By the powers, there you go, mv boy,' said Mick, as out came the hand with the ticket of doom and bhio'd. ' I'll not flinch, I'll warrant ye; and now for my company — who goes ?' he said Ye must have an jther draw for it.,' said Mick, authoritatively ; and they went over the same course again, with some thing of less interest perhaps, since I 'at Grimes had the honour of carrying the priest's blunderbuss und having the first shot. The l>t fell to Frank Higgins this time Frank was to take the pistols and accom pany Pat Grimes; and Frank took them up and cocked them, and then let down the hammer and put them in his pocket ' Well, if I'm not to hev the blunder bush, I'll bb near the lioly article, any how,' he said; 'and these is nate little things to work with, be japers 1' So they settled the matter of a man's death in this Ribbon lodge after this man ner, and then they crossed themselves and invoked the blessing of 'the Virgin Mary and holy St. Peter, and all the Saints.' Then they arranged the death day among them, when these two men, Pat Grimes and Frank Higgins, were to carry out the sentence of death. But Pat Grimes and Frank Higgins had a 'holy rite' to perform before the priest's blunderbuss did its duty in the anti-heretic line. They had to go to Father O'Toole, and confess that on such a day, and at such an hour, they intended to try and send another Saxon victim out of the world. Father O'Toole was at home when the two men came to his house; and Pat Grimes had not long to wait. 4 1 have come, yer riverence,' he said, s he knelt down before the priest of Popery, to ' aise me mine of a little mat ter that's on it.' 'Well, Pat, an' what have ye been after now ?' said the priest. I've been after nothin', plase yer river ence, I'm only afore somethin'.' ' And what's that, Pat ?' ' Well, then, it's a little bit o' bisness the hoys has put upon me, yer riverence.' Another job is it yer mane, Pat ?' 4 True for ye, yer riverence.' ' An' whin's it to be done, then ?' ' A Thursday night next; an' me and' Frank Higgins is to do it, too.' An' who's the job, Pat ?';'.. . .. ' Och 1 yer riverence knows ' 'Indeed I know nothin' about it ; ' who'sthejob? I say again.' ' 'Yer riverence named him - Sunday was a week at the althar, thin.' ' That heretic varmin ! But be cautious, Pat, ye know the Peelers is watchin'.' 'Troth, an' I know, yer riverence; but we're watchin' too, an wo'll bate them watchin' this time, or' my name's not Bat Grimes.' : ' An1, so, thin, yer carrying out the law agin the stranger ?' : ' That' we are, yer riverence/ f Aii' ye want mo to clear ye, then ? Rave.ye the dues, Pat V : 4 An' sure we needn't come, here with out the ha'pence.' 'The Holy Mother Churoh most be obeyed ye know, :Pat Gf ihics, siitt Fat her O'Toole, as. Pat Grimes rose up. tb baud' him some silver money, the price of iirao- cent blood ' Kneel down now, Pat.' And Pat Grimes — a murderer in ,in-" tent, went put to take away the life of air' ' innocent man, denounced from the. altar '" of the Roman Catholic chapel by. Father " O'Toole, on the Sunday week previous, and then sentenced to death by tha secret . tribunal of the Ribbon Society— knelt down before the same Father O'Toole, and, having told him what he intended to ' do — namely, to murder a man— was ab solved froui the guilt of the thing that he intended to do. Father O'Toole did not look upon it as a great sin, indeed hardly as a sin at all ; but he viewed it in one' important light ; and that was a paying affair ; for he thought to himself that it was well there were such things as tender consciences, or there would be no money in the priest's purse. So wh >n Pat Grimes had paid the money, he knelt down before the priest, and the priest, thinking first of the money, aud then of the murder, and then of the money again, tried to look solemn, as be said — ' 1 ab solve thee from thy sins, in the r amo of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' So the Persons in the God head were invoked to the assassin's aid, and the Three were made by the priest a Trinity of murderers. Frank Higgins went through the same ceremony, and then Pat and Frank went ou their way strengthened and refreshed- for the work they had before them by the consolatory reflection that holy Father O'Toole had given them his blessing, and it was no more harm to shoot their in tended victim than it was to shoot a crow. — Glasgow Paper . 