IN MY VINEYAED. Atlast tho dream that clad tho field * Is fairest fact, and stable ; At last my vines a covert yield, A patch for song and fable. I thread tho rustling ranks, that hldo l'hoir misty violet treasure, And part the sprays with more than pride And more than owner's pleasure. ' II. Tlie tender shoots, tho fragrance Uno, Betray tho garden's poet, Whose daintiest lifo is turned to wine, Yet half is shy to show it, The epicuro, who yields to toil A scarce fulfilled reliance, But takes from sun and dow and soil A graco ungiiessedbyscience. Faint odours, from tlie bunches blown, Surround mo and subdue me ; Tho vineyard-breath of many a zone Is softly breathing through mo : From slopes of Eshkol, in tho sun, And many a hill-side classic ; From where Falernian juices run, And whore they press tho Massie 1 IV. Whore airy terraces, on high, Tho hungry vats replenish, I And, less from earth than from tho sky, I Distill tho golden Rhenish : Where, light of heart, tho Bordelais Compels his stony level To burst and foam in purple spray, Tho roso that crowns tho revel 1 V. So herc, as there, thc subject earth Shall take a tenderer duty ; And Labour walk with harmless Mirth, And wed with loving Beauty : So, here, a gracious lifo shall fix Its seat in summer weather ; For sal) and blood so sweetly mix, And richly run together 1 VI. Tho vine was exiled from tho land That bore but needful burdens ; But now we slack tho weary hand, And look for gentler guerdons : We take from Ease a graco abovo The strength wo took from Labour, And win to laugh, and woo to love, Each grimly-earnest neighbour. VII. What idle dreams 1 Evon as I muse, I feel a falling shadow : ! And vapours blur and clouds confuso My coming Eldorado. ' Portentous, grim, a ghost draws nigh, I To clip my flying fancy, ; And change the shows of earth and sky With evil necromancy. VII. Tho leaves on every vine-branch curl As if a frost had stung them ; Tho bunches shrivol,|snup, and whirl As if a tompest flung them ; And as tho ghost his'forehead shakes, Denying and commanding, But withered stalks and barren stakes Surround mo where I'm standing. IX. I "Beware 1 " the spectre cried : "tho woo Of this delusivo cnlturo ! The nightingale that lures thoo so Shall hatch a ravening vulture, To feed tho vat, to fill the bin, Thou pluck'st tho vineyard's foison, That drugs tho cup of mirth with sin, Tho veins of healHi with poison 1 " But now a golden mist was borno, With violet-odours mingled ; I felt a brightness as of morn, And all my pulses tingled ; And forms arose-among them first The old Ionian lion, And they, Sicilian Muses nursed, Thcoci'itus and Bion. XI. And ho of Tcos, ho of Borne, Tho Sabine bard and urban ; And Saadi, from his Persian homo, And Hailx in his turban : And Shakespeare, silent, sweet, and grave, And Horrick with his lawn on ; And Luther, mellow, burly, brave, Along with rare Ben Jonson. XII. "Be comforted !" they seemed to say ; "For Nature does no treasons: Sho neither gives nor takes away Without oternal reasons. She heaps thc stores of corn and oil In such a liberal measure, That, past tho utmost need of Toil, There's something left for Pleasure. XIII. " Tho secret soul of sun and dow Not vainly she distillcth, And from thiso globes of pink and niuo A harmless cup sho Alioth ; Who lovcth her may take delight In what for him she dresses, Nor find in cheerful appetite Tho portal to excesses. XIV. " Yes, over sinco tho raco began To press the vineyard's juices, It was tho brute within thc man Dotiled their nobler uses ; But they who take from order joy, And mako denial duty, But chain tho bruto they should destroy By Freedom and by Beauty!" XV , , Thoy spako ; and, lo ! tho baleful shapo Grew dim, and then retreated ; And bending o'or the hoarded grape, Tho vines my vision greeted. Tho sunshine burst, tho breezes turnou The leaves till thoy were hoary, And over all tho vinoyard burned A fresher light of glory ! _mi,rrmj BAYARD TAYLOK. 