THE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR GOLD FIELDS. [From the Register. | The large and influential deputation that waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Friday confirms the opinion expressed by us a day or two ago as to the growing confidence that is felt by all classes in the capabilities of our South Australian Gold-Fields. Our readers will see from the report of the proceedings, which we published in yesterday's issue, that the desirability of granting liberal terms to prospectors was freely recognised by many of our leading colonists, and confirmed by the Commissioner himself, although the latter was , naturally more reticent than the non-official speakers as to the exact terms which should be conceded. The conditions proposed are that in consideration of a Prospecting Company thoroughly testing "the gold-bearing qualities of the primitive feed of the Murray by deep anting and driving levels sufficient to identify the exact locality and ascertain its real nature, the Government should grant them the freehold of a 10,000-acre block in the form of a parallelogram, of a length double its breadth. At first sight this may appear to be a startling concession to ask for. It may be urged that a freehold title is rarely, if ever, granted in the colony for mminer purposes. It may be objected that wken we consider how upwards of £100,000 has been sometimes taken in Victoria out o£ an aere or two of land, the extent of the proposed grant is enormous. The over-cautious, who would plod along in their unobservant fastion, scarcely caring to notice a gold specimen in the path unless they broke their shins against it, raay protest lustily against offering adventitious encouragements to speculation. The eversanguine, who see a fortune in every bit of gold-bearing quartz that is pieked up, may exclaim against our giving away a monopoly of the new gold-field they see looming in the future, where a fewacres would be an ample remuneration. These, and a dozen other objections, may be raised against the proposal, and may be argued plausibly enough. And they would no doubt be applicable in the case of an established gold-field, especially if it were only of limited extent. But in the present instance eveiy one of the conditions j that would justify such a line of argument is wanting. Thedistricts in question, or at least the ranges bordering upon them, which were the subject of a feverish excitement three or four years ago, are now abandoned after what was intended for an exhaustive trial. The theory upon which our Melbourne visitors base their expectation of finding gold applies as much to the half million acres which, roughly speaking, form the Murray Mats bordering upon the auriferous ranges, as the particular spot they have pitched upon for their centre of operations. The country upon "which they propose to experiment is in itself almost wholly valueless. The capital they ask permission to expend will be chiefly if not entirely Victorian. Their outlay will consist chiefly of wages, and thus stimulate, consumption and benefit our trade. And finally they are casting in their lot where immediate success is so far from assured that they expressly contemplate the possibility of having to call np extra capital in order to complete their preliminary investigations. What are the actual alternatives before us ? A few days ago this theory of the goldbearing character of the primitive bed of the Murray had not been propounded. Even now it is purely theoretical Grant that it is visionary, and we have on the Murray Flats several thousand acres which we are willing to sell at an almost nominal price, to any one who will clear them and make them productive, and which there is little or no prospect of turning to valuable account. Immigrants arriving here at their own expense are to be henceforth entitled to a grant of land as a consideration for their introducing so much bone and sinew—so much additional producing power—into the colony; and we should consider them very far from being in their right minds if they elected to accept any of the land in question. The land, in short, is almost valueless for any agricultural purpose, while even for pastoral pursuits it is not by any means first class. We are not therefore asked to give away the pick of our unsold acres. We are not asked to grant lands which have been proved to be valuable for their mineral-bearing qualities. We are not asked to allow the country to be picked over by prospectors, who will take a section here and another there, according as they trace, or suppose they trace, the course ©f a gold-bearing channel. We are simply asked to grant a single block, not even following the windings of the river's bed, which forms far less than a tithe of the country that the proposed researches may prove to be gold-bearing, and which, taken at its present value to the colony, would be paid for over and over again by the money it is proposed to expend in testing it. In considering the proposal thus submitted, therefore, the possible gain to the prospectors ought not to have much weight. It should not be a question whether by conceding their demands we are placing within their react a possibility of enormous profit. The real question is whether we could get the country thoroughly tested in a cheaper way. Is any one else prepared to submit a more advantageous offer? Should we ourselves be disposed to borrow £20,000 or £30,000 and expend it in the search for a gold-field? Our conceptions of a Government prospecting party hitherto have been limited to two men and a boy, with "tucker" for month; and apart from the injustice of appropriating what may fairly be described as a new discovery on the part of our Victorian visitors, we question veiy much whether either the Legislature or the country would tolerate a large expenditure for such problematical results. There is no doubt a possibility of great success, but, on the other hand, there are abundant possibilities of failure. To test the capabilities of the vast district through which the Murray flows is an enterprise in which private capital andprivate energy alone can be wisely employed, and which would be cheaply remunerated by the alienation of a small portion of our valueless scrub lands. We trust the Government will be disposed to follow up the assurances of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and meet this proposal in a liberal spirit. It will, of course, fee their duty to put the agreement in a more definite shape than it assumes in the letter laid before them. Without questioning for a moment the bona fides of the promoters, the Government are bound in the interests of the public to see that a fair quid pro quo is secured—that not less than a certain minimum sum is actually expended in prospecting, and that the search is prosecuted in a thorough and workmanlike manner. We are assured that these conditions will be cheerfully accepted, and that even if the first expenditure is exhausted without yielding any tangible results, the probabilities are that if favourable indications have been traced yet further capital will be available for completing the work thoroughly. If this be the case, the Government may safely embody kthe terms of their agreement in a Bill, and rely upon its cheerful adoption by the Parliament. It is difficult to estimate the benefit to the colony that would follow from the discovery of a rich alluvial lead of such vast extent as the valley of the Murray would afford ; but it may weigh somewhat with us in considering the proposal now submitted, to know that the indirect benefit to the comumunity from the working of a gold-field far •exceeds the direct profit to the shareholders. In 18C9 the amount distributed in dividends by public mining companies in Victoria was £648,130. The amount of dividends secured by private enteqjrise cannot of course be ascertained; but taking it at one-half the above amount, we obtain a total of £972,195, representing the gross amount of dividends paid; wilile in the same year the value of the gold raised was £'6,179,02S. In other words, less than one-sixth of the proceeds of the gold produceJ was absorbed by shareholders as a profit upon their ventures, while the remainder was (distributed through the community, chiefly in .the form of wages. A NEW JOCKEY CLCTB.—Let there be one more attempt to form a Jockey Club!—Such is the decree of an influential meeting of sporting men wliich took place at the Globe lest evening. The time that has elapsed pitce the last Club gave up the ghost is lengthening into years, and those who have never ceased to chafe under the thought of South Australia's destitution in Turf matters are determined to make another effort. There never was the faintest idea of suffering horse-racing to become defunct, anl the interregnum that was expected to prove sufficient to revive the sporting instinct has now expired. The colony has long enough stood the reproach of being the only province unable to number Turf pursuits amongst its local industries, and the cordial way in which the hint to resuscitate the Jockey Club was received on Friday night gives assurance of more satisfactory results than attended the abortive action taken more than a twelvemonth ago. The initiation of the movement is committed to one who has exhibited an ardent love for field sports in various forms, and if he fails it will not be from want of exertion. There certainly should be no need to contemplate such a contingency as failure. So long as Turf affairs are so mournfully neglected as they have been, South Australia can scarcely hope to keep up her name as a good b country. She may be able to send out an article that will give satisfaction, but she cannot hope to attract the notice of outside customers. More than that, besides losing her name and character she will not have the means of enabling breeders to make public trial of their young stock and to compare their horses with those having a different pedigree. The natural, the inevitable effect of this must be to give them a leaning towards other colonies that offer them greater facilities. No doubt the perpetual feud about the racecourses has caused more delay and dissatisfaction than anything else, but if a strong Club was organized this question might easily be settled afterwards. At all events, the disagreements of the past and difficulties of the present should not be allowed to keep the colony hopelessly in arrear of her neighbours in this matter. 