THE DEAD MAN's HAND.-An aged in- habitant of the little town of Somerton, in Somerset, told me that in her youth, being one day in company with several other women engaged in gathering sticks in the extensive woods near that place, and having penetrated further than the rest into their recesses, she was startled by hearing the cry as she supposed of a woman in distress. Desirous of rendering her assistance, and yet afraid to go on alone, she went back for some of her companions, and then with them has- toned towards the quarter whence the shrieks proceeded. But these grew so piercing and dismal as the women advanced, that the lat- ter, becoming panic-stricken, retreated hur- riedly and left the wood in haste and fear. On their return home, they were told by an old woman that the screams and cries they had heard were those of a plant, which she described as "large leaves growing out of the ground with little specks on the back of them." In this description I thought I recognised the male fern; but I have since heard that there is a plant having thick speckled leaves which is called in Hampshire by the country people dead man's hand, whose weird name seems to suit better with the possession of this dismal vocal gift, only exercised, it is believed, once a year. Ellis. DREADFUL FIRE AND LOSS OF LIFE IN LONDON.-A fire, which resulted in the loss of the lives of six children, occurred on Saturday morning in the Waterloo Road. At about half-past three a.m. the alarm was raised that the premises occupied by Mr. J. Hill, furniture dealer, were on fire, and the man in charge of the fire- brigade station, only a few doors from Mr. Hill's premises, saw that flames were issuing from the win dows. In a few minutes after, Mr. Hill, and his wife who hadhbeen but recently confined, jumped out of one of the windows-Mrs. Hill with her child only a month old in her arms. They fell on the pent-house over the front shop, and were badly bruised. They were instantly taken down by means of one of the firemen's ladders. It was then ascer tained that six children were in bed in the attics of the house. The firemen at once made an attempt to get into those rooms. They passed along the copings of the next house, but upon opening the windows they were driven back by the flames and heated smoke. To enter the apartments then be came impossible, and the firemen went to work vigorously to extinguish the flames, which could not be subdued until the double house was for. the most partdestroyed, but some of the workshops at the rear and a large quantity of timber were saved. As soon as the flames were got under, and whilst the walls were red with heat, the fire men and salvage corps entered the attics, and there found the six children of Mr. and Mrs. Hill burned to death. Information was at once sent to Mr. Isaac Shepherd, the coro nor's oflicer, who had the bodies of the victims placed in shells and removed to the workhouse. The following is a correct list of the sufferers :-Dead-Esther Hill, aged four years; Thos. Hill, aged ten years; Kate Hill, aged twelve years; John Hill jun., aged six years; Emily Hill, aged eight years; Jauo Hill, aged fourteen years. In jured-Mr. Hill son., arms severely bruised; Mirs. Hill is injured in a similar manner. MEETING OF GERMANS IN EDINNUGInI.-A meeting of Germans was hold in Quen street hall, on Monday night, at which it was agreed to form a patriotic fund for the relief of such of their follow-countrymen as may be wounded during the war, and assist their wives and families. In the course of the evening the audience, which included a large number of both men and women, sang a number of national hymns, and gave hearty cheers for the King, of Prussia. At the close subscriptions were given to the amount of £180. The Turcos, captured in large numbers by the Prussians, continue to excite curiosity, followed by disgust. Wild stories of their conduct are flying about the German papers. Their habits are bestial, and the French prisoners shrink from them, ashamed of their companionship. One Turco is said to have been caught with a number of little fingers, which he had cut off to strip the rings from them; others are charged with mutilating wounded Bavarians. A very angry fibeling pervades the German army at the employmoent of such savages by the Emperor. W?rTCHnoAr IN AU0rArND.--At the dis trict court, Auckland, a very singular Maori case has just been investigated. The plain tiffis a well-educated young Maori, in the government service during the last nine years, and is considered one of the best draughtsmen in the survey department. In style, dress, and manner he is thoroughly European, and is about thirty years of age. His wife is also a Maori, elegantly dressed in silk, with orthodox hat, chignon, and feathers, but with the chin tattooed from the lower lip downward in deep blue- and not ungraceful-lines. They were attended by a largo party of friends, males and females, in all styles of costume. Many of the men were in suits of well-fitting black cloth, sur mounted by the old favourite chimney-pot, or the new Alpine hat with peacock's feather -the latter becoming them remarkably well. The defendant was a Maori woman of the old school, tempered by intercourse with anything but the dlite of Auckland society. Her dress was common, but European in style and make. She exhibited groat cool ness in court, and wonderful hardihood in facing the keenest cross-examination. In her personal appearance there was nothing remarkable except a remorselessly savage mouth and keen, penetrating weird-like eye. This woman is married to a European, a Pakeha Maori of thirty years' standing, and is looked upon by her country people as ex ceedingly skilful in the treatment of disease. The husband's name is Shera; her own, Miria. The plaintiff, WViromu Whihini (Anglics, William Wilson), claimed from Miria damages of £50 for ill- treatment. The evidence was characterized by the most con tradictory swearing. On the plaintiffs side it was declared that his wife, finding Pakeha doctors of no avail, had asked Miria Shera to come and see him. Miria took poor Wilson in hand. Finding him ill and prostrate beo fore the fire, she suddenly fell on him, thrust her fingers up his nostrils, beat him about the head, and produced a copious stream of blood, with which the evil spirit attacking him was to be driven away. She professed to have great power from a special divinity whose name she told Wilson was Wallace a new figure in Maori mythology, but pro bably to be accounted for by her husband, Shern, being a Scotchman. For this trifling service Miria claimed five pounds, and by threats of Wilson dying if the fee were not paid succeeded in getting it from him. She appears to have perfectly mastered the poor fellow, who, finding himself no better, sent for her again. The process was repeated, but with disgusting additions, such as wash ing her hands in his blood and lapping up part of it from her arms, which it is needless to repeat. The fee on this occasion was £8 10s. She killed his favourite dog, a young bloodhound. When Wilson cried for the dog she told him to " stop grieving. I killed the dog for his sin. The sin was part of your sickness on account of the wickedness of the dog. If you grieve, the dog will come to life and you willdie." A poor cat shared the same fate; but the most horrible treat ment was reserved for a young pig. Break ing its legs, she held it alive over the fire, and nearly roasted the poor animal to death. For these services a further sum of money was paid by the wretched ass, who, despite education and evident intelligence, seems to have inherited a large share of Maori super stition of the weakest kind. In addition to money, the doctress opened a cupboard and took from it a curious lot of household articles. They included two knives and a silver fork, a teaspoon, and an egg-cup, two decanters, a large wooden pipe, a felt hat, a shawl, two bird skins, a crimean shirt, and a tin dish. This case is so novel, and dis plays among Maoris who have had the advantage of careful training a superstition so gross that it has excited much attention here. Miria closed her performances by ordering Wilson to send for rum, which she took in large quantities, and getting very drunk wound up by a Maori dance. Whether this disenchanted her victim, or how he re leased himself from the syren's wiles, we are not told, but in court he appeared to have done so effectually. She met the charges with a general denial, and the magistrate took time to decide which party he thinks most entitled to belief. LonD Joni MAWNNERI ON WOMEcN'S RIonTs.-At Leicester, on Saturday after noon, Lord John Manners, M.P., presided over the annual meeting of the Institution for Trained Nurses. The noble lord said that in these days, when women's rights were being clamoured for on many plat forms, and even when cabinet ministers were heard to express hopes that women should successfully contest the seats on school boards, it was important to find out, if possible, less noisy but not loss useful fields for women's labour and intelligence. In such a work as that of nursing the sick, for instance, a woman might well engage without being called upon to do anything not strictly in accordance with her primary mission, or which would unfit her hereafter, should she with it, to return to the ordinary avocations of domestic life. The benefits conferred by institutions such as the one in whose inter ests they were met were twofold-to nurses and nursed alike-for heroic virtues were practised in the ministrations of a sick room, and eloquent lessons were derived by the bedsides of dying men. MYSTERIOUS OCOURRENEo.-On Monday last, while some workmen were engaged levelling a portion of the shore near Oar dross, they came upon a coffin, containing the skeleton of a man. Thecoffin was found ten inches below the surface, and about one hundred yards below high-water mark. Having boon disinterred, it was removed to the deadhlouse at Cardross Churchyard, where Dr. 3Buchanan, of Dumbarton, yestor day examined it. The skleleton appears to F be that of a large, well-built man, fully six fooeet high. The coffin, which is very much decayed, seems to hlave lain for a very con siderablo time. The authorities are making every effort to unravel the mystery. The circumstance has caused a good deal of ex citement and speculation in that usually quiet noigbourhlood. SPEED OF ELECTRI(ITY.--Mcl UnRCer tainty has hitherto been felt in determining the actual speed of electricity. In sub marine cables, and the ordinary wire lines, its course is greatly retarded from a variety of causes. Results of experiments, hitherto tried, hlave shown that electricity travels at the rate of 174,800 statute miles per second, or about 20,000 miles per second slower than light. OCINSEnS Cusroa.-In England it would souarcoly be regarded as an evidence of avery tender filial affection for a son to send his venerable father a coffin as a birthday gift; but a late visitor to China declares that in that country such a gift is considered the ne plaus ultra of courtesy and love. The cheer ful gift is received with gladness, paraded ostentatiously in the best chamber, and until required for its special use is made a deposi tory for clothing or food. Nothing is more common than for a person who is desirous of a grand funeral to provide his own coffin, according to his own fancy, long before his decease. TmI ANRooA.-A Bombay paper of date the 28th of Juno says:-A long narrative is published of the confessions made as to the sinking of the Aurora. The plot to sink the ship was made by the captain (George Har riott) with Elmstone and Whitwell, freight brokers, and a Hindoo broker, Saondirjee Shamjeo. The captain was to get £1000 and the carpenter £600, and the ship sailed with a cargo that was in a great part imaginary. At sea the carpenter got some turpentine out of the medicine-chest, spilt it on the floor of a cabin, tlhrewa lighted match into it, andclosed the door. Suspicion being arousedin Bombay, the native freight-broker was brought before the police-magistrates, and turned Queen's evidence. Elmetone, Whitwell, the captain, and carpenter afterwards confessed and were committed for trial. MILITr&Ic; PREPARATIONS IN ENGLAND.- Recruiting sergeants are scouring the counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sussex for re cruits for enlistment into the militia and re gular army. Some recent experimental practice with the Montigny mitrailleuso at Shooburyness showed a large percentage of effective shots per number fired, but the des tructive effects from the field-guns was much greater. An inspection of chilled shot the other day at the Royal Arsenal resulted in a large quantity being condemned. A com prehensive telegraph train for the use of the army in the field has just been completed. Military men are watching the progress of the war with a good deal of interest, with the object of ascertaining the peculiar value and importance of the new implements of warfare, and the tactics of the opposing forces. There have been some experiments at Shoeburyness with field-guns and small arms, which have proved satisfactory. A new breech-loader-or rather Enfield rifle converted on a new principle into a breech loader-underwent a successful trial the other day at the Royal Arsenal range. The chief merits of the improvement, which is due to Mr. Restell of Birmingham, are rapidity, cheapness, and simplicity. The breech arrangement consists of a steel block, which is moved horizontally to the right by the cocking of the rifle, and when the car tridge has been inserted, the pull of the trigger closes the breech and fires. An order has been issued by the military authorities stating that they are prepared to receive re cruits for the military reserve No. 1. A LAND or GocosTs AND G sorBLs.-Nor mandy is full from end to end of old legends of all kinds; and has the distinction of pos sessing all the hideous as well as the lovely shapes into which superstition have moulded ignorance. Loups-garous once abounded in Normandy; and even yet the belief in these horrid creatures still clings among the lonely and timid in remote districts, where drainage is bad, and the schoolmaster not abroad. As for ghosts, they are every where; so are changelings; so are hobgob lins; concealed treasures make the earth beneath one's feet rich and beautiful, if one only knew how to get at them; but how to first propitiate the dwarfs to whom they be long ? There is nothing to be done without them, and not all the king's horses nor all the king's men are of the slightest use if these goubelins are dissatisfied. The rumour of concealed treasures in the hamlet of Pincheloup, in the Commune of Trou ville, was so great in the last century that a short time before the revolution broke out the garrison of. Pont- Audemer was sent to search; it came back empty-handed, for the goubelins had not been consulted. The treasure lies there to this day. Also trea sure lies at the bottom of Orval, in the Fdcamp valley, snugly packed away in cer tain grottos; also in the mountain of Bre mont, where a sow, breathing flames, holds the way against all invaders, and did once really force a semi- historical person, an Italian, to retire. Treasure lies at the Chiteau de le Robardidre on the southern border of the forest of Droux, guarded by 1'Homme Blanc, a :magnificent fellow, who appears to the eyes of believers on the most holy anniversaries, especially on all the fdtes consecrated to the Blessed Virgin. The white man is a noble creature, and does no harm to any, save to those who would sacrilegiously meddle with the treasure he is said to guard. For one hour in the year, however, the way is open to the outside world. During the Christmas midnight mass he and all other keepers are off duty, and everyone can enter and take. One minute beyond the last words of the service, and all doors and concealed ways reclose with a swiftness that does not allow oven a groan or a sigh to pass. Bayeaux has other old belongings besides its tapestry, one of which is the legend of the fairy wife of lo Seigneur d'Argouges. It seems that Seigneur d' Argouges, being one day out hunting, as all seigneurs were wont to do in those days, met twenty lovely ladies mounted on twenty snow-white palfreys. One of these ladies, apparently their queen, was of a more incomparable beauty than the rest, and of her the good knight became so suddenly and desperately enamoured, that he offered to marry her on the spot. The fairy consented, on the one condition that he was never to pronounce the fatal word, death, before her; and the knight undoer took to obey this not too difficult condition. They were married, and lived for many years in supreme felicity; having a quiver ful of beautiful children to increase their joy, and knowing only peace, plenty, and prosperity. Unfortunately, one day, the fairy wife made her husband wait such a des perately long time while she adorned her self to her satisfaction for the tournament at which he was to assist and she to shine, that he lost his patience and his memory, and with a sharp rebuke pronounced the forbiddon word. No sooner had it escaped his lips than she gave a piercing shriek, and vanished, leaving however the impress of her hand on the door of the chateau. Every night sho may be seen dressed in white, wandering about the scene of her former joys, sobbing, and crying "La mort! la mort!" Death, death. That this story is absolutely true is proved by the arms of the house of Argouges, which bear a female figure, untrammolled by millinery, with a conclusive motto--"A la fio."-All the Year Round. SnoCKIoNG MURiEoR NARO HAMILTOON, VIoORoeA. A shobking murder has boon committed atKarabeal. Two Germans, named respectively Bees and Zim merman, who had boon great friends, were drinking together; and after both had indulged very freely, Bees ran away with a bottle of whisky which his friend had paid for. Zimmorman gave chaos, but caught Booes only after he had finished the bottle and was too drunk to offer any resistance. Zimmerman, who was in a most excited state and so intoxicated that he could scarcoly know what he was doing, boat his helpless associate with a stick until he died. An inquest was hold on the body last night, when the jury brought in a verdict of wilful murder against Zimmerman, who was committed for trial on the coroner's warrant. THE NEW TELEGRAPH LINo.-Tho South Austra lian Register states that after thbo imposing cero monial of raising the first polo of the overland telo graph, the works were pushed on with great vigour, and it was stated that ton miles of lin weore erected in two days. Timber for poles was plentiful, and admirably suited for the purpose. Mr. E. MI. Bagot has rocived information from Mr. Towlor, supervisor of the southern portion of the overland telegraph line, that hohas betweeoon the first of the month and Saturday last erected twenty miles of line, starting from Port Augusta, and that he anticipates com pleting a length of .fifty miles within the month. Mr. Bagot has also learned that his transport teams are in advance of the government parties on route for the interior, and are likely to roach the Peak first. STONE TO?MIAVAWKS.-A stone tomahawk, of the kind formerly used by tho aborigines of Australia beforo the settlement of the country by tho whites, was a few days since picked up in a scrubby bit of country near the Coolamino holes, on the Tooyal run. The tomahawk is in an excellent state of pre eorvation, the cutting edge being as sharp and nn broken as on the day, years ago, that the laborious operation of grinding it down was completed by its aboriginal fashionor. Since the era of colonization the blacks within the settled districts, and even very far beyond them, have universally discarded the use of the primitive stone in favour of the metal toma hawks obtained through the whites; and specimens of an ancient weapon have, in consequence, of late years become comparatively rare. The atone out of which the generality of theose tomahawks are formed is of a dark blue colour, of great density, and consequently very heavy, and owing to its extreme hardness, thoe labour of grinding it into the required shape must, with the primitive appliances at the command of the aborigines, have boon very great. Stone tomahawks in past times have not un frequently boon found upon the banks of the Mur rumbidgeo, but are seldom mot with in the district now.-Wagga Wagga Express. GOseT Sonroc AT CImIL.-Tho Panama MIail, August 5th, contains the following account of a great gale which lately prevailed on the coast of Chili:-Valparaiso has been visited by one of the severest "northers" that has been experienced for many years. It commenced on the 10th of July and did not abato till the 13th. The first intimation of the approaching storm was a stiff northerly breeze that set into the bay on the 10th; the barometer at the same time began to fall very rapidly. During the night the gale increased in violence, and the next morning.there was every indication of a heavy norther boeing lose at hand. About 7.50 p.m. the ships in port began to prepare for bad weather. At 8 p.m. there was a heavy sea running into the bay, and both wind and sea continued to increase in vio lonco from that time until 2.20 a.m. or the 12th, when it blow a perfect hurricane for about an hour. After that time the weather began to moderate and the barometer to rise, but there was a terriflo sea running until 6 a.m. As may be imagined, the damage done on shore andin the bay has boon very considerable. The following are the principal casualties that occurred in the bay. The N. A. ship Laurance Brown, cut away mizonmast close to the deck, maintopmast, top- gallantmast, bow-sprit, and jib-boom going with the wreclr. This was done to save the ship, as she was dragging down on the tier astern of her during the height of the gale. The Chilian schooner Paulita dragged from the bank and drifted round by the battery Chacabuco to the mole, where she became a complete wreck. The three masted schooner Teresa Acquaroni, dragged her anchors and came on shore, and was immediately abandoned by the crow. On touching the ground she struck heavily, and lost her rudder and storn post. She was afterwards got off by Mr. P. Alvarez and a gang of men noting under his orders. A steam launch belonging to Mr. P. Alvarez sank in the height of the gale, and a boy who was left on board on watch, is sup boaed to have gone down with her, no nothing has peon hoard of him since. The barque MIanuol collided with the hulk, and lost her bow-sprit and jib-boom. The stranded barquo Annie Nelson has boon com pletely broken up. Forty-one lighters have boon lost; and the floating baths, and the baths of the railway station, have been completely destroyed. On shore the damago has been still more serious. The stone breakwater recently constructed. by Mr. Thomas Eastman has been almost entirely swept away, along with a portion of the esplanade; and if the storm had lasted a few hoirs longer the foundation for the now bonded store would in all probability have been swept away also. Tho track of the Bolls Vista station also suffered considerably; and saich was the force of the waves in that part that several freight care wero almost buried in the sand thrown up by the sea. Several stores in the CaUella do Cochrano and Cabo, and the newly built stores of Don A. Alvarado, were inundated, the latter especi lly asuffering considerable damage. The breakwater from the latter building to the mole, or rather to where the mole stood, for it has boon destroyed, also has suffered considerably. Considerable damage was also done to roofs of several houses on the hills. The total loss on shore and afloat is estimated by some at. 300,000 dollars, while others estimate it at lalf-a-. million of dollars. As a train was proceeding along the line to Bolla Vista station during the gale, a hugo wave broke over the engine and hurled the driver to a considerable distance; fortunately, however, he escaped with only a few slight bruises. 