THE SEVASTOPOL HOTODS. TO THE BDITOE OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,-Over a dozen horsemen turned out on Friday last at Buninyong to accompany Mr, Rowlands and his pack for a day's hunt ing. The weather was all that could be de sired, jmd in consequence some, .excellent sport was anticipated. A kangaroo was started near Dimsdale's paddock in the vicinity of (he P.L .ranges, about three miles from tbe township. The hounds went away at a terrific pace, closely followed by all, but it soon was too hot for some, and the conse quence was that the field began to get "small and beautifully less," till at last only a select few were left. After going for about half an hour a tremendous stiff log fence, some 6ft. high, was come to, which proved too much for one gentleman, a Mr. Potter, who came to grief at this obstacle; however, no bones were broken,, and he was soon in the saddle again. Onward still the chase, continued, over hills and gullies in i^nick succession, not a single check occurring, the pack pressing the . quarry very closely. Ait last, after galloping some 15 miles, the kangaroo was run into at the end of Jacket Gully, Green Hills, the ' animal having jumped into an old deserted shaft to hide if possible from his relentlesb pursuers, but they were'too keen for him. A - Chinaman residing in a- hut which was close to where the kill took place came out and gased with astonishment on the (to -him) strange scene' that was beingenacted; the ?; hounds havingobtained the carcase of1 the kangaroo, were fighting and growling over his remains. The celestial evidently thought they might 'take a fancy to him, , fpr he m6anted a stamp t» be out of danger,, as he did-not ekifc mbovt' being the next victim.- ' I' may'^mention that Mr. Anderson ?was firstup at tile detfth, and-of course re ceived the tail; cloee behind him, however, i "were Messrs. Hedrick, Howlands, £L Selleck, Potter, R. Potter, and one or . two other gen tlemen. This was the fastest ran of the eeasop, lasting just one'hour.??1 On Monday last, the 1st inst, the meet was at Proter's Hotel, Dog Trap Creek, but in consequence of the hounds dividing, three kangaroos having been started, the ran was not up to the average. - NIMROD'S GHOST. Buninyong, Aag. % . 