MEMORIAL CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. LATING THE MEMORIAL STONE. The ceremony of laying tbe memorial stone of the Memorial Congregational Church took place yesterday. The day which had opened with a threatening appearance turned out fine, and the assemblage of persons belonging to the congregations of the different Independent Churches in the city and friends of religion could not have numbered less than a thousand. Amongst those present we may mention the lteverends Dr Nicol- Boo, R. McLean, Gellibrana, W. Smitb, R. Graham, Hans Mack, G- Clarke, Tinning (Richmond) Symonds (New Norfolk) Banks Smitn, Greene, Miller, Long, and Messrs H. Hopkins, Arthur Hopkins. Wm. Crosby, Charles Crosby, George Salier, W. Giblin, G. Propsting, J. C. Tolman, L. Lod^e, J. W. Woolley, C. Davis, J- Hole, &c; &c.; The arrangements for the convenience of the visitors and gentlemen who were to take part in the ceremony were well carried out; and a temporary platform with a sloping approach to it, covered with coir matting was erected for the ministers who were to address I the meeting, and the venerable Henry Hopkins Esq. j •who was to lay the stone. The Bnilding of the chapel has progressed so far that t^e outside wallg are above the first course of the main walls above tbe foundation, and tbe plan of the interior of the Chapel can be plainly seen. Tbese walls were temporarily boarded over so that a large number of the spectators were conveniently placed for reviewing the proceedings. At one part of the platform waB placed the harmonium belonging to the old chapel, at which Miss Sarah Sherwin presided and played the accompaniments the various hymns which were joined in by the assemblage present; and tbe Eonnd of the music and voices, a large number of them being children, was most'pleasing to tbe ear and very effective. Before proceeding to give an account of the ceremony of the day, it may not be amiss to give a, short account of tha present building- The cause of its erection is so fully set out below in the copy of the document plated in the cist under the memorial stone that it is not necessary further to dwell on that. We may state that the atone used is from the estate of Lindisfern, at Bellerive, and consists of brown with a pinkish blue and white stone, both of remarkably prime quality and consistency. The total cost, including the land, will be about £8000. The tender accepted is that of Messrs R. i R. Shields, and the portion of the work now being done is tu cost £5382. The total cost when completed with all internal fittings will be £6700. The architect is Mr Frank Bntler, who has certainly produced a veiy elegant design. The style of architecture is decorated Gothic. The principal entrances being in Brisbane-street, the front e'tvation will be seen-in .Elizabeth- street from any point below Brisbane-street, The tower and epire—120 feet in height and of elegant proportions— -which is to be placed at the angle of the streets, will be a very prominent object. The front will have a large handsome window with five mnllions and delicate tracery ; the height of the gable is sixtyfive feet. The lower pari of the front from tbe base course to the gallery line trill contain a series of archedgalips in broirn stone, faced and headed Trith white stone, the vrbole forming a front of great taste and beauty. The entrance on the right hand is by octagonal turret in which, as well ai in the tower, is a staircase leading to the gallety. The side walls are twenty weight feet in beigbt. having on each side a raised gable, like a transept 50 feet bigh . with large tracery window to throw light into the apse and roof, thus presenting a very finished appearance to Elizabeth St. The internal dimensions, including'the apse, will be ninety feet by forty«five There wiil be no pillars to support the roof, which is to bejeroined and tesselated ; bat the ribs well braced will rest upon corbels, or capitals of pilaster*, situated ona line with the springing of the arches of the windows. This is an outline of the werk to be done under the present tender- The result of an effort just made, stimulated by the liberality of Mr Hopkins, is, that after paying for rbe land, tbe committee Ibave in hand £3200. Tbe building committee are Messrs W. Giblin, George Salier, George Prop sting, J. C. Tolman. L, Lodge, J. Hole, Charles Davis, J. W- Woolley. and the pastor of the con* gregation, the Eev W.C. Eobinsan- Punctually at half-past two o'clock, the hour arranged for the ceremony to begin, tlie Rev R, Miller (rave out the Hymn, 881,.; Congregational Hymn Book, tune, Pascal, which was sung by the congregation, as follows:— This stone to Thee in faith we lay; We build the temple, Lord, to Thee : Thine eye be-open night and day, To guard this house and sanctuary. Here, when Thy people seek Thy face, And dying sinners pray to live Hear thou, in heaven, Thy dwelling-place, • • And, when thou hearest, O forgive! Here, when the messengers proclaim The blessed Gospel of Thy Son, Still, by the power of His great Name, Be mighty signs and wonders done. Hosanna to their heavenly King ! When children's voices raise that song ; Hasanna let their angels sing, And heaven with earth the strain prolong. Bat will indeed, Jehovah deign Here to abide, -no transient guest ? Here will the world's Redeemer reign ? And here the Holy Spirit lest ? That glory never hence depart ? Yet choose not, Lord, this house alone ; Thy kingdom come to every heart; In every bosom fix Thy throne. This was followed by tbe Reverend Hans Mack reading the 132nd Psalm, and the 19th chapter of the 1st Book of Chronicles. The Reverend Doctor Nicolson next delivered a dedicatory prayer, ending by invoking the mercy of <rod on all connected with the undertaking, especially the labourers and those working at the building. This was fallowed by the TeDeum, very well sung by the assembled multitude, accompanied by the Harmon-Tim. The Reverend W. C. Robinson then rpad the document, which was placed in the cist under the stone, of which the following is a cc-py :— The laying of this memorial stone presents to us a fitting opportunity for briefly reviewing the past. The congregation worshiping in the adjoining sanctuary, represents the first congregation of Independents in the Australian colonies, some of the older members are of the number who attended the earliest ministrations of the Eev. F. Miller in the year 1830. Several Christian men and women in Hobart Town who had been members of Independent Churches in England, having a deep conviction that the principles of Independency were more fully in accordance with the teaching of the New '.Testament, than were the principles of other churches, felt a strong desire to have a minister of thair own denomination, and after prayerful deliberation, resolved to obtain one from England. H. Hopkins Esq., wrote to the committee of Highbury College, explaining the position and wishes of the Christian friends at Hobart Town, and Air Miller, then a student at Highbury, having been requested to consider the matter, became convinced that it was his duty to accept the invitation, and was ordained in London, 23rd April, 1830. Immediately after hiB arrival in this city, a large room in Elizabeth-street was, for the purpose of Divine Worship, hired by the friends, and Mr Miller commenced his stated labours on the 17th October, 1830. The number of persons attending his ministry increasing until it became evident that a more cemmodious place must be provided ; it was resolved at a meeting specially convened to make arrangements bor building. The locality fixed upon was Brisbane-street, and the present chapel was opened on the 20th April, 1S32. The Rev. F. Miller was in every respect suitable for the position he occupied. As a citizen, his gentlemanly deportment, his philanthropy, his zeal in every movement for the public good, his business-like tact and large heartedness commanded the respect of the community, the admiration and love of his friends: as a pastor he was laborious and affectionate ; as a minister he was beloved by liis brethren of all denominations, on account of his catholic] spirit, and his (readiness to render help in every christian work. Thirty years' toil, as might have been expected, enervated his constitution, aud his life, -which, by judicious rest, might have been prolonged, became oppressed through physical weakness and suffering. It was very natural that, under these circumstances, he should wish to visit England, to him it seemed the only course of affording a hope of renewed vigour, and continued labour. Tlie members of the church having been made acquainted with his desire arranged as well as they could for supplying his place during his absence. He left Tasmania for England in April 1SG1, aud returned in July of the following year; not however to preach as he liad anticipated, but to serve his Lord by resignation and suffering ; not to labour, but to rest, for 15s work was done. On the 13th October 18G2, he entered into the joy of his Lord. Faithful hearts that had been sustained by hope felt in the deep sorrow of their bereavement a blank, & darkness, an uncertainty as to the future; they felt too, that the occasion called for faith on God's promises, for earnest prayer, for unity of purpose and effort. The congregation was scattered as sheep not having a sliepherd, the ordinances of religion were with difficulty sustained, but the Great Shepherd was watching over the flock, and in his good providence gave them another pastor. The Rev. W. C- Kobinson, having accepted the invitation of the church, commenced his ministry in January 18G3. Shortly after his settlement, the chapel being out of repair, and some alterations being considered deirable,fan estimate was obtained of the probable cost which exceeded £1000. This was considered too large a sum to expend in repairs and first suggested the idea of building. In course of time it became evident that the feeling in favour of a new building was strengthened, and moreover it should be called the Memorial Congregational Church,a memorial of the fact that the Kev. F.Miller was the first Independent or Congregational Minister, and the church which he formed was the first church of the Independent order formed in the Australian Colonies. When the subject was laid before H. Hopkins. Esq, who may be truly regarded as the father of Congregationalism in these colonies, he pi raiised £500 on condition that five persons in the congregation would each give £100. This was done done. In course of time other donations were added until the amount at the beginmng of last year reached £3000. The building committee intended to commence operaturns. They had no conception of the difficulty and inconvenience of building upon the site of the present chapel until they began to mature their plans. Having ascertained that the adjoining property extending from the chapel boundary to Elizabeth-street might be had for £1140 they reported this to the Church and Congregation who sanctioned the purchase. It became evident that, this change of site would necessitate some alterations in the plans, which were accordingly made. The tender for the whole of the building exclusive of the boundary fence is £6835. The total receipts as reported by the treasurer MrWoolley amounted to £4300. This historical sketch will explain why the building is designated the Memorial Congregational Church. Two other points require a brief explanation doctrine and polity- Every church Or christian society possesses something peucliar to itself. It may be unlike other churches in its polity and discipline, it may give greater prominence in its theological system to certain doctrines, it may interpret those doctrines either with greater logical precision than is attempted in some other systems, or with regard briefly to their practical bearing; those doctrines moreover may be formulated in creeds and simplified in catechisms, or they may be held only by general consent, as truths which are either expressly taught in the Word of God or clearly deducible from it. Such being the case the question may be fairly asked what are the doctrines held by a Congregational Church, and why is it called Congregational. The members of Congregational Churches are bound by no subscription to articles, and by no ecclesiastical law, except the law of Christ as revealed in the New Testament, notwithstanding which they are of one mind in all the fundamental doctrines of the christian faith. For as each church is a voluntary association, and there is nothing in its organisation to • interfere with the liberty of any man's conscience or his freedom of action, should . ny member so far change his opinions as to disapprove of the doctrines preached his plain course would be to withdraw from communion. The only bond of union is spiritual sympathy and love. But although there is no theological test to which Congregational Ministers, and church members subscribe, there are truths which most surely are believed by them, many of which they hold in common with other churches. The^oUowing summary of Christian doctrine will explain this.— In general terms it may be said that the members of Congregational Churches believe in divine inspiration and authority of the Holy Scriptures, and in their sufficiency as the rule of faith and practice. They believe in the one eternal, infinite, and unchangeable God—Father, Son, and Holy Spirit—who possess all perfection. They believe that man was created holy, that he fell, that all men on account of sin are exposed to "everlasting punishment-" They believe in the immutability and authority of tbe moral law. _ They believe in the loving purpose of God to save sinners—that to accomplish this purpose the Son of God was made flesh-^that the mind of God is fully revealed to man either by Christ personally or bis apostles. That Christ died for our sins, and that we can be saved only by virtue of his death, by faith in him. They believe in the necessity of regeneration by the influence of the Holy Spirit and in the continued work of the Spirit in the hearts of believers in order to perfect their sanctification. They believe that the fore-knowledge and loving purposes of God in no way interfere with the responsibility of men. They believe that a holy life will be the necessary effect of true faith, and that all who are united to Christ will obtain perfect blessedness. They believe in the perpetual obligation of Baptism, and the Lord's Supper. They believe in the immortality of the soul—the resurrection of the body—the last judgment—in the pnnishment of the wicked, and the blessedness of the righteous. These they regard as the most important verities of the christian religion. The I ground whereon they differ most from their brethren of other denominations is in their principles and Church polity as Independents, or Congregationalists. They are called Independents because they hold that every Church should in itself be fres to promote its own interests and carry out its plans independently of any control or legislative authority from without, whether civil or ecclesiastical. They maintain that the Church as belonging to Christ should be independent of the state—that matters of religious belief and conscience do not come within the province of the civil magistrate—that the New Testament neither recognises the existence, nor gives any prospective directions for guidance of state Churches—that Christ thus repudiated any such connexion of His Church with the world, declaring when questioned by Pilate concerning His mighty power, ''My Kingdom is not of this world,"For these reasons they believe that Churches should not have any alliance with the state—should not endanger their spirituality and influence by state patronage, nor re- nounce their liberty by submitting to state control; they are termed Congregationalists on account of their internal organization, because they maintain that according to the example of the New Testament, each church that has a congregation of faithful men, in which the pure Word of God is preached, and the Sacraments duly administered—each individual church should have the management of its own affairs. They believe there ii abundant evidence to prove that in the days of the Apostles, and in the early ages of Christianity, all churches were in their form of government congregational, and it is because they maintain that the teaching of the New Testament in this matter is that each separate church is, for all purposes of self-government, a perfect and unique oiganizaatiou that they are called Gongre.gaticmilists. But—while as churches they maintain this principle ofindependency, they are not isolated, so far from this, they are bound together by voluntary confederation, in unions where all the advantages of synod or conference are secured, while freedom of individual action is sacredly maintained. If they do not legislate for each other they give sympathy, and help. Their union is a family life, a family bond, the bond of common interest and fraternal love. They also hold that the church being a spiritual kingdom the members of the church should be spiritual —should have the spirit of Christ who is its sovereign head— that they only who are Christ's, who are trusting in his redeeming blood—who are seeking to follow his example and to live according to his will, should be members of his church.—The Saviour's command to celebrate his death is to those who love liini. These are the fundamental principles of Congregationalism—They are clearly expressed in the following summary. A Church—a voluntary association of Christians, The Word of God its only statute book. Christ its only head. Love its only source of revenue. The church, independent of the authority of pope, prelate, presbyter, prince, or parliament. The right of the members of tlie church to appoint their own ministers, and regulate their own affairs. Ail Congregations and all Christian pastors officially equal One is your master, even Christ, and all ye are brethren. The Churches independent in government, confederate in love and good works. Individual liberty, combined with Catholic unity. As the state must not control the church so the church disclaims all interference with the state. No compulsory taxation of religion. The same liberty we claim for ourselves claimed for all mankind. Such are the principles of Congregationalists ; tbey are our principles. We believe that they are in harmony with reason, and freedom, and justice ; that they are in harmony with tlie sacred rights of conscience, with sound philosophy, and with the word of God. And it is because we believe it to be the will of Christ that his church should be spiritual and self-governed that we hold these principles. We hold them in the sacred name of God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost- In his name and for his glory we to-day lay this Memorial Stone; in his name and for his glory, we build this Memorial Congregational Church.- And-whlle for ages to come it shall stand as a witness of the faithfulness and the goodness of God—a memorial of his grace in time past—may the glory of this latter house be greater than the glory of the former house, may its history testify that the gospel is the power of God unto salvation, may it, through many generations, be filled with those who worship God in spirit and in truth, and may multitudes, by means of the worship offered within these walls, hold fellowship with the Father, through his Son Jesus Christ, be filled with the Spirit, and thus be prepared to join in worship with the Church of the first burn in heaven- This memorial stone was laid by Henry Hopkins, Esq., on the 16th August, 1870, and in the 34th year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Charles Du Cane, Esq., being Governor of the Colony of Tasmania, the Rev. W. Law of Launceston, being the chairman of the Congregational Union of Tasmania, and the Rev. W. C. Robinson pastor of this church, the secretary. The other Congregational Ministers in Hobart Town being the Rev. G. Clark of Daveystreet Church, and the Eev. J. W. Simmons of Union Chapel, Bathurst-street. Architect, F. Butler, Esq., of Hobart Town, Honorary Clerk of the Works, G. Grant, Esq. Trustees. -Messrs. W. Giblin, Sandford Scott, W. Woolley, R. E. Dear, G. Salier, G. T. Johnson, L. Lodge, J. H. B. Walch, G. R. Napier, G. Propsting, Jas. Burnett, Jas. Facey, since deceased. Building Committee.—Pastor and Deacons, and Messrs G. Propsting, Davis, Hole, Tolman. Signed on behalf of the church and by its authority. WILLIAM CHABLES ROBINSON, Pastor. JOSEPH WILLIAM WOOLLEY^ W. C. R., for SAMDFOBDJ SCOTT at present in England I WILLIAM GIBLIN j- Deacons. LOBENZO LODGE J GEOEGE SALIER | GEOBGE THOMAS JOHNSON J LAYING THE STONE. The actual laying of the stone now followed, Mr Henry Hopkins, who had hitherto remained in his carriage opposite the gate o! the enclosure, being escorted up to the platform by Captain W. Crosby and Mr Arthur Hopkins. The stone being raised from its position, by the workmen in the employ of the contractors, discovered a small cist in the undereath stone about a foot lon^ and 6 or seven inche* deep and wide, in this was placed a zinc box soldered up,andwhijh contained a copy of the document above, engrossed on parchment,copies of tbe Tasmanian Times and the Mercury of the day,copies of the Independent (periodical of tbe Independent Church) and a copy of the Victorian and Sydney Independent-, also one of each of the coins of the realm, and photographs of the late pastor, the Rev Frederick Miller, Heniy Hopkins, Esq., and tbe late Mrs H, Hopkins, and also of the present pastor of the Church, the Rev W. C. Robinson, There are likewise plates of the old chapel and the new church. These photographs had been baked, so as to exclude all moisture, and were packed up in a small box placed inside the zinc case. On the mortar being spread by the contractor, Mr Shields, Mr Woolley handed to Mr »Hopkins a very handsome silver trowel which had been manufactured and presented by Mr Charles Gaylor of Liverpool-street to tbe Congregation of the Church. The trowel was of the usual size used by bricklayers and stonemasons, and was made of solid eilver and beautifully burnished, with an ivcry handle- From the handle iproceed on either side a very handsome wreath of silver leaves in frosted work, halfway towards the point, and the end of the handle was ornamented with a silver frosted button to corres* pond. On the face of the trowel was engraved the following inscription :—" Presented by Charles Gaylor to the congregation of the Memorial Church, Hobart Town, on the occasion of laying the foiradar tion stone by H. Hopkins, Esq., 16ttt August 1870." With the trowel was also a very handsome mallet of polished myitle wood with an ivory handle, the work and present of Mr Heywood of Goulburn* street. The trowel and mallet were enclosed in a very handsomely polished lightwood case lined with crimson velvet, the present of Mr J. 'R . Woolley. Mr Hopkins taking a little mortar on the point of the trovrel spread it under the stone which was then lowered into its place and Mr Hopkins tak« ing the mallet gave the stone three taps and said he declared the stone laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and may the blessing of God attend all who come to hear the word within the walls of the Church. He said that it was now forty years ago since he introduced the first Independent Minister in this colony, and it was thirty y«ars ago since he introduced the first Independent Minister into Victoria, and it was scarcely two months ago, since he had laid the foundation stone of a new chapel in Davey-street, aud he was now there that day to lay tbe memorial stone of a chapel in memory of the Rev Frederick Miller, a man beloved by all, and one of the most zealous men in the cause of Christ that he ever came across. He trusted that his successors in the Church would follow the example he bad set, and that many souls might be saved to God within the walls of the Church that was now being erected- It was now announced that presentations and purses would be received on the stone, and a large silver salver was placed for the reception of free will offerings. A large number of persons came forward and placed purses of money and coin and cheques on the stone. Amongst the purses was one by the male attendants of the Bible Class in connection with the Chnrch. amounting to £12 16s. The total amount collected amounted to £153. During the above proceedings the stone, which had hitherto been covered, was expoBedto view, and on the side facing Elizabeth-street presented a handsome highly polished brasB plate about 20 inches by 12, with the following inscription in large letters :— M J E M O B I A L C O N G R E G A T I O N A L C H U R C H . T H E J X R S T C H R I S T I A N C H D B C H F O U N D E D IN T H E A U S T R A L I A N C O L O N I E S U P O N I N D E P E N D E N T P R I N C I P L E S . T H K E E V. F. M I L L B R, PASTOR, A.D. 1830 to 1862. T H I S S T O K E W A S L A I D » Y B L B N R T H O P K I N S , ESQ., I6re AUGUST, 1870. The Reverend George Clarke]then delivered a short address, and said the act tbey had witnessed that day was net a mere ceremony without any meaning, but it had a meaning for those who looked below the surface of things. He explained that it proved that they believed in one true and all powerful God ; and that it proved they had perfect freedom to worship God, in their own way, and were not compelled as of old to build chapels in secret places, but that they could now do so in the face of day and all men. He concluded a short but te.ling address by remarking that this was probably the closing act of the venerableMr Hopkins' active services in the cause of the Church. That day was his 83rd birthday. He trusted that when his Master called him from this scene of his labours he would be able to say as the Apostle of old, " I have finished my course," He then dwelt on the beauty of Catholicity of spirit as shewn in Congregationalism, and prayed that the labourers in the building might be kept safe from all peril in the course of tbe erection of the building, <ioad that they might all shortly meet within its walls to offer up praises to God, A hymn was then sung by the Assembly, and tbe proceedings closed by the benediction being given. 