LITERATURE. ' K ALB ONE. AN OLDP0ST ROMANCE. Aiv. — The Nemesis op Passion. MjaJboue was a person of such, ready emotional nature, audsuchieasy expression, tbat.it was not hard for Hope to hide from herself the gradual ebbing of his love. Whenever he was fresh and full of spirits, he had enough, to overflow upon her and every one. But when other thoughts and cares were weighing on him, he could not share them. nor could he at such times, out of the narrowing channel of his own life, fm-m<h more than a few ecanty drops for her. At these times he watched with torturing fluctuations the signs of solicitude in Hops, the timid withdrawing of her fingers, the questioning of her eyes, the weary drooping of her whole expression. Often he cursed himself as a wretch for paining that pure and noble heart. Yet there were moments when a vague inexpressible delight stole in"; a glimmering of shame-faced pleasure as he pondered on this viable dawning of distrust; a sudden taste of freedom in being no longer fettered by her confidence. By degrees he led himself, still half-ashamed, to the dream that she might yet be somehow weaned from him, and leave his conscience free. By constantly building "Upon this thought, and putting aside all others, he made room upon the waste of his life for a bouse of cards, glittering, unsubstantial, lofty, until there came some sudden breath that swept it away : and then be began on it again. In one of those moments of more familiar faith which still alternated with these cold sad inter vals, she asked him, with some sudden impulse, how he should feel if she loved another ? She said it, as if guided by instinct, to sound the depth of his love for her. Starting with amaze ment, he looked at her, and then, divining her feeling, he only replied by an expression of repreaeh, and by kissing her hands with an habitual tenderness that had grown easy to him, —-and they were such lovely hands ! But his heart told him that no spent swimmer ever transferred more eagerly to another's arms some precious burden beneath which he was con- ctisasly sinking, than he would yield her up to any one whom she would consent to love, and who could be trusted with the treasure. Until that ecstasy of release should come, he would do his duty, — yes, his duty. When these flushed hopes grew pale, as they earn did, he could at least play with the wan fencies that took their place. Hour after hour, wh2e ahe lavished upon him the sweetness of her devotion, he was half consciously shaping with his tongue some word of terrible revealing that should divide them like a spell, if spoken, and ttten recalling it before it left its lips. Daily and tmoxly be ieli the lastagoay of a weak and pas- EK<reitg nature, — to dream of one woman in another's arms. „ She too watched ;htm with an ever-increasing tostirat of danger, studied with a chilly terror the woAings of his face, weighed and re weighed his wth&s; in absence, agonised herself with new and evernew suspicions : and then, when these had grown insupportable by their numbers, seized ttas& convulsively and threw them all away. Shea cooiing back to him with a great overwhelm - lng ardour of auction, she poured upon him more and more in proportion as he gave bar lWL Sometimes in tW inoments of renewed alto- : Am :i» half words to u iwnmtfW, aceosed. tumm lf before Jar of unnamed wrungj and lo bfe hinnpm, to to >, . vr 'i » s',' w v4 "m vv' X appear a duty j she must put away- her doubts as Ainu, and hftlrt him to bar ; she must wfaM to 866 Viih signs of faltering faith, or treat them as mure iympfcnm« nf ill "Should nota wHe, she asked herself, in proportion as wanderings of diitowf pontionr So she mid while Uyru not hmsflto penetaatMjghMmf jpibnrfto least ftflribke«m as% 0asueHopevat mp alhmst he ®Pe|||||' ICalbpriid revher griefbgSBevap lis timrebin reveeaiw ntet by fren| C Yef tifere were timto when he wuMpfe reriv4i-<4toMBmer notion, fie stuJfiL flbpe'i sis eyes, be pondered on all her nobleness. Hie wished to bring his whole heart bade to her, — or at least wished that he wished it. But hearts that have educated themselves into feithleesnew snnst sooner or later avenged On them. Nothing rouEL nave new parti this was utterly impossible for- her., Absolute directness was a part 'of her fiature ; she CQ.uldTdiB, butnot manoeuvre. It actually diminished Hope's hold ou Philip, that she had at this time the whole field to her- self Emilia had gone for a few weeks to the mountains, with the household of which she was a guest. An ideal and unreasonable passion is strongest in absence, when the ;dream is all pure dream, and safe from the discrepancies of drily life. When the two girls were, together, Emilia often showed herself so plainly Hope's inferior, that it jarred on Philip's fine preceptiona . But in BmOia's. absence the action of temperament, or whatever else 'brought them together, resinned its sway unchecked ; she hecame one great magnet of enchantment, and all the currents of the universe appeared to flow from thtr direction where her eyes were shining. When she was outT of sight he needed to jmake no allowance for her defects, to reproach himself with no overt acts of i disloyalty to Hope, t» recognise no criticisms of his own intellect or conscience. He could resign ! himself to his reveries, and pursue them into new subtleties day by day. There was Mrs. Meredith's house, too, - where they had been so happy. - And now. the blinds were pitilessly closed, -all but one where the Venetian slats had dipped, and stood half open as if some dainty fingers held them,- and some lovely eyes looked through. He gazed so long and so often on that silent house, — by day when the scorching sunshine searched its pores, as if to purge away every haunting association, — or by night when- the mantle of darkness hung tenderly above it, and seemed to collect the dear remembrances again, — that his fancies by degrees grew morbid, and its . pic. tures unreal. " It is impossible," he (me day thought to himself, that she should have lived in that room so long, sat in that window, dreamed on that oouch, reflected herself in that mirror, breathed that air, without somehow detaching invisible fibres of her being, delicate films of her self, that must gradually, she bring gone, draw together into a separate individuality an image . not quite bodiless, that replaces her in her absence, as the holy Theocrite was replaced by the angeL If there are ghosts of the dead, why not- ghosts of the living also ?" This lover's fancy se pleased him that he brought to bear upon it the whole force of his imagination, and it grew stronger day by day. To him, thenceforth, the house was haunted, and ail its floating traces of herself, visible or invisible, — from the ribbon that he saw entangled in the window- blind to every intangible and fancied atom she had imparted to the atmo sphere, — came at last to organise themselves into oae phantom shape for him and looked out, a wraith of Emilia, through those relentless blinds. As the virion grew more vivid, he saw the dim figure moving through the house, wan, restless, tender, lingering where they had lingered, haunt ing every nook where they had been happy once. In the windy moanings of the silent night he could put his ear at the keyhole, and could fancy that he could hear the wild signals of her love and her despair. XV. — Acboss tke Bay. The children, as has been said, were all devoted to Maibone, which was in a certain degree to his , credit. Bat it is a mistake to call children good judges of character, except in one direction, namely, their own. They understand it, up to the level of their own stature; they know who loves them, but not fwho lores virtue. Many a sinner has a great affection for children, and no child will ever detect the sine of such a friend ; because, toward them, the sins do not exist. The children, therefore, all loved Philip, and yet- they turned with delight-, when out-door pleasures were in hand, to the strong and adroit Harry. Philip inclined to the daintier exercises, fencing, billiards, riding; but Harry's vigorous physique enjoyed hard work. He taught all the household to swim, for instance. little Jenny, aged five, a sturdy, deep-chested little thing, seemed as amphibious as himself. She could already swim, alone, bat she liked to keep close to him, as all young animals do to their eiders in the water, not seeming to need actual support, but stronger for the contact. Her favourite position, however, was on his back, where she triumphantly dung, grasping his bathing-dress with one hand, swinging herself to and fro, dipping her head beneath the water, ringing and shouting, easily shifting her position when he wished to vary his, and floating by him like a little fish, when he was tired of supporting hen It was pretojr to see toe- child in her one little crimson garment, her face flushed with delight, her fair hair glistened from toe wafer, and the waves rippling and «h«wn| round her buoyant form. As Harry swam farther and farther out, his head was hidden from view by her little person, and she might have passed for a red sea-bird rocking on the gentle waves. It was one of the regular delights of the house hold to see them bathe. Kate came into Aunt Jane's room, (me August morning, to say that they were going to the water-«ae. How differently people may enter a room! Hope always came in as the summer breeze comes, quiet, strong, soft, fragrant, resist less. Emilia never seemed to eome in at all you i looked up, and toe had somehow drifted where ! the stood, pleading, evasive, lovely. This was especially the case where one person was awaiting her alone ; with two toe was mere fearless, . with "a" ddren she "was" buoytot, and with a hundred toe focgot herself utterly and was a spirit of irre- sritildedriighL. t ' But Kate entered any room, whether nursery or kitchen, as if it- were toe private boudoir of a prince and toe toe: jfavtmnte arid of honour. Thus it waa toe came th|£ mmning to Aunt Jane. " We an going down to see toe bathers, dear," toidfiato. ton utofctec ? - a. « !::trirf|%s -:& ,r ' . .v . I i m dk-v u I mias you every minute," said her aunt, de risively. cmBuI IsdlHrio very well. I have delightfulahire tf myself. What a ridi culous mSh ifc insSriiid that it was unpesabie to imagine a woman's laughing at her ojra comic fancies. I sit and laugh at my own nond||to ffy " It is a ahum to waste it/ said Kate|||lv;J It is a blessing thatoway ofis diapoteaof while you are nothere, aa AuntJane. You have quite enough of ifc ' a :'- ' 1.. ... , " We never have eimilgh," we never can make you repeat anyof yesterday's." " Of course not," raid. Aunt J ane. "Nonk sense must have the dew on it, «r it is good for nothing." - w So you are really hrippieStrione' ff Not so happy as wky<ri®3 m<h: — J00- or Hope. I like to haro fiow inth me now ; toe does me good. Boallj, I <fo not care for any- bodyehefSmnetimaB UUstorays cwdd bare four Sb a chrinpsgzfe- basket, with a nqrse to watch them, I should be so fast!" " "Then I will leave yqu alone without com punction," said Kate." "I am not alone," said Aunt Jane; I have my man in the boat to watch through the window. What a singular Being he is ! I think he spends hours in that bost, and what he does I can't con ceive. There it is, quietly anchored, and there is he in it. I never saw anybody but myself who could get up so much industry out of nothing. He has all his housework there, a broom and a duster, and I dare say he has a cooking-stove and a gridiron. TTr sits a little while, then he stoops down, then he goes to the other end. Sometimes he goes ashore in that absurd little tub, with a stick that he twirls at que end." " That is called sculling," interrupted Kate. "Sculling! I suppose he runs for a baked potato. Then he goes back. He is Bobmson - Crusoe on an island that never keeps still a single instant. It is all he has, andhe never looks away, and never wants anything more. ' So I have him to watch. Think of living so near a beaver or a water-rat with clothes on ! Good-by. Leave the door ajar, it is so warm." And Kate went down, to toe landing. It was near the " baptismal shore," where every Sunday the young people used to watch the immersions ; ! they liked to see toe crowd of spectators, the eager friends, the dripping convert, the serene young minister, the old men and girls who burst forth in song as the new disciple rose from the wares. It was the weekly festival ei that region, and the sunshine and the water made it gladden ing, not gloomy. Every other day in the week the children of the fishermen waded wrist-deep in toe water, and played at baptism. Near this shore stood the family bathing-house ; and the girls came down to sit in its shadow and watch the swimming. It was late in August, and on the first of September Emilia was to be married. N etbing- looked cool, that day, but the bay and those who were going into it. Out came Hope from the bathing-house, hi a new bathing-dress of dark blue, whieh was evidently what the others had come forth to behold. " Hope, what an impostor you are!" cried Kate, instantly. "You declined all my proffers of aid in catting that dress, and now see how it fits you ! You never looked so beautifully in your life. There is not such another bathing-dress in Old- port, nor such a figure to wear iL" And she put both her arms round that supple, stately waist, that might bare belonged to a Greek goddess, or to some queen in the Xibehragen Lied. The party watched the swimmers as they struck out- over the clear expanse. It was high noou ; the fishing-boats were all off, bat a few pleasure- boats swung different ways at their moorings, in tbe perfect calm. The white lighthouse stood re flected opposite, at the end of its long pier ; a few vessels lay at anchor, with their sails up to dry, but with that deserted look which coasters in port are wont to wear. A few fishes dimpled the still surface, and as the three swam out farther and farther , their merry voices still sounded close at hand. Suddenly they all clapped their hands and called ; then pointed forward to toe lighthouse, across the narrow harbour. " They are going to swim, across," said Kate. "What creatures they are! Hope and little Jenny have always begged for it, and now Harry thinks it is so still a day they can safely venture. It is more than haif-a- uuie. See ! he has called that hoy in a boat, and he will keep near them. They have swum farther than that along the shore." So toe others went away with no fears. Hope said afterwards that toe never swam with such delight ss on that- day. The water seemed to be peculiarly thin and clear, she said, as well as still, and to retain its usual buoyancy without its density. It gave a delicious sense of freedom ; she seemed to swim in air felt- singularly secure. For the first time toe felt what she had. always wished to experience, — that swimming was as natural as walking, and might be indefi- j nit-ely prolonged. Her strength seemed limifc- | less, she struck out more mid more strongly ; she splashed and played with little Jenny, when the child began to grow weary of long emotion. A fisherman's boy in a boat rowed slowly along by their ride. Nine tenths of the distance had been accom plished, when the little girl grew quite impatient, and Hope- bade Harry swim on before her, and land his charge. Light and buoyant as the child | was, her tightened clasp had begun to tell on Mm. " It tires you, Hal, to bear that weight so long, f and yon know I have nothing to carry. You | must see that I am not in the least tired, only a « little dazzled by the sun. Here, Charley, give | me your hat, and then row on with Mr. Harry-'' I She put on toe boy's team straw hat, and they I yielded to her wish. People almost always i yielded to Hope's wishes what she expressed I them, — it was so very seldom. | Somehow toe remaining distance seemed very great as Hope saw them glide away, leaving her in the water alone, her feet unsupported by any firm element, the bright and pitiless sky arching far above her, and her burning with more beat thaa she had liked to own. She was con- 1 scions of her fail strength, and swam more rigor ously than ever; but her head was hot and her ears ranft and she felt chilly vibrations pasting up and down her 'rides, thai were like, she fenesjed, tbe Imramerahle fringing oars of tho little jelly-fishes toe had so <men j watched. Her body frit almost unnaturally strong, and 'toe tori powerful strokes; but it eemaaHl%3)fiato went out into them and left a vaoaat carity within. More and more ber life seemed boding up in her head ; queer frocks came to her, at, tor instance, tost toot was an.; iuTerted thenuMueter with toe mercury all ascending late atouto at foe top. She shook her >CCbi..UA. ... -"C'3..£> ; jiwul «nd the fancy cleared away, and then others came. She began to grow seriously anxious, but toe distance was diminitoing ; Harry was. almost at the stops with toe child, and toe boy had rowed his skuwounti the breakwater oat of sight-; jgtj ynwwgpirrrfi nn leaned over the railing with HK back to l||r| ratchin g the lobster-catchers on th«K other sad&r-; IShe wae almost in zdt was almost her We| "riwl swam-"'dn, "fjir aiwaMaBbkccoiin alOw >xg$cbas, though jfoe rest (filler body| foamed losing itself in languor. Tfi»«ri>und in ealrhad grown to aroar,. as AntoysinaL wheels. ' ;'Tt seemed a long distance that she thus swam with her eyes dosed. Then she half opened her eyes, and toe breakwater seemed all in motion, with tier above tierof eager feeea look- inwdown on her. In an instant there Was a sharpsplash close beride her, aadehe frit herself gthspbd and drawn downwfiftia with k wforl of : something just above her, and then all conscious ness went out as suddenly as whra jriher brings at last to a 'patient, after foe roaring and the taimnlt in his brain, its blessed foretaste of the deliciousness of death. \- When Hope came again to conscionsness, sh» found herself approaching her own pier in a sail- boat, with several very wet gentlemen around her, and little Jenny nestled close to her, crying as profusely as if her pretty scarlet bathing-dress were being rang out through her eyes. Hope asked no questions, and hardly felt the impulse to inquire what had happened. The truth was, that in toe temporary dizziness produced by her long swim, she had found herself in the track of a steam-boat that was passing toe pier,- unobserved by her "brother. A young nwmj leaping from the deck, had caught hpr in his arms, and had dived with her below toe paddle-wheels, just as they came upon her. It was a daring act, but nothing else could have saved her. When they came to toe surface, they had been picked up by Aunt Jane's. Bobmson Crusoe, who had at last unmoored his pilot-boat and was rounding the light-house for the oater harbour. She and toe child were soon landed, and given over to the ladies. Due attention was paid to her young rescuer, whose dripping garments seemed for the moment as glorious as a blood-stained flag- He seemed a simple, frank johng fellow j of French or German origin, bat speaking "English remarkably well ; but he was not high bred, by any means, but had apparently toe culture of an average German of the middle class. Harry fancied that be had seen him before, and at last traced back toe impression of his features to toe ball for the French officers. It turned out, on inquiry, that he had a brother in the service, and on board toe corvette ; but- he himself was a commercial agent now in America with a view to business, though he had made several voyages as mate of a vessel, and would not object to some such berth as that. He promised to return and receive toe thanks of the family, read with interest- the name on Harrys card, seemed about to ask a question, but forbore, and took his leave amid toe general confusion, without even giving his address. When sought next day he was not to be found, and to the children he at once became as much a creature of romance as the sea- serpent or toe Flying Dutchman. Even Hope's strong constitution felt the shock of tola adventure. She was confined to her room - for a week or two, but begged that there might be no postponement of the wedding, which there- fere took place without her. Her illness gave excuse for a privacy that was welcome to all but the bridesmaids, and suited Mai bene best of all. XYL — Ox the States. August drew towards its close, and guests departed from the neighbourhood. " What a short little thing summer is," medi tated Aunt Jane, and butterflies are caterpillars most of the time, after all. How quiet it seems. The wrens whisper in their box above the win dow, and there >»g - not been a blast from the pea cock for a week. He seems ashamed of the sum mer shortness of his tail. He keeps glancing at it over his shoulder to see if it is not looking better than yesterday, while toe staring eyes of the old tail are in the bushes all about." tf Poor, dear little thing !" said coaxing Katie. a Is she tired of autumn, before it is begun r" u I am never tired of anything," said Aunt Jane, " except my maid Both, and I should not j be tired of her, if it bad pleased Heaven to endow her with sufficient strength of mind to sew on a button. life is very rich to me. There is always j something new in every season ; though to be sore j I cannot think what novelty there is just now, except a choice variety of spiders. There is a theory tha spiders Hll flies. But I never miss a fly, and there does not seem to be any natural j scourge divinely appointed to kill spiders; except j Bath. Even she does It so feebly, that I see them come hack and hang cm their webs and | make feces at her. I suppose they are feces ; I j do not understand their anatomy, but it must be a very unpleasant one." Yocl are not quite satisfied .with. life, to- day, dear," said Kate ; " I fear your book did not end to your satisfaction." " It did end, though," said the lady, K and that is something. What is there in life so difficult as to stop a book ? If I wrote one, it woaW be as long as tea Sir Charles Graadisons,' aadthes I never shnnlfi end it, because I should die. And there would be nobody left to read it. because each reader would have been dead long before." « But the book amused you!" intetrcptedKate. K I know it did." " It was so absurd that I laughed till I cried ; and it makes no difference whether you cry laugh ing, or cry crying, it is equally bad when, your glasses come off. Never mind. Whom did you see on toe Avenue f" . " O, we saw Philip on horseback. He rides so beautifully ; he seems one with Ms horse." "Iain gadof it," interposed her aunt. wThe riders are generally so inferior to them." "We saw Mr. and Mrs. Lambert, too. Emilia stopped and asked after you, and sent you her love, auntie." " Lore !" cried Aunt Jane. cShe always does that. She has sent me love enough to 'rear a whole family on,— more than I ever frit for any body in all mv days. But she dries not reelhr love any one,?' | I hope she w31 love her husband," said Kate, ratoer seriously . Mark mv wosds, Kate I" said her « aunt. K Nothing bat unbappiness will ever come df that marriage. How can two people be bappy who have absolutely nothing in caramon?" 11 Bat no two people hare exactly foe suae tastes," sMd Kate, exoeptHaixy and mysrif. ft is not expected. It would be fowd far tore people to be dxroreed because the oheprefrried white bread, aadfoe ofoerhtswa. j "They would be divorced very Aunt Jane, " for the one who ate broS x\ would not live long." Mon ktij J ,foinfc ane/M|tome dejectaom "YouSuakTI Iwfouigm tffiffoid, bufc eort of old 01 -inakiim imrasffcegt for people, and hatful foore fo do wiip|& life than oysters We ! g "No, <iearert!" dried Kate. "You h I 'Sgreafc deal foifewifo all our lives. You ,! 1 1 foQB sappoHmininer, first very inoffensive, and then working T5 I into our affections and spoiling us with cotj I How you behave about -children, for instanatP I "How f" said the other, meeklv. » a. ! i lean;" - ; help if? Hror totiA wwearing at tMsSS beys of five, paddliHg in the water there! $5 abdut foe mureler of the innocents ! Thrie srT few innocents to be murdered ! If I only gun and could shoot !" 1 " Ywaxnay not like those particular b<m» i Kate, "but you like good, wdl-behaTed chaT very much." " It takes go many people to take care of tW People drive by here, with carriages sobreti two of the largest- horses can hardly draw && and all fell of those little beings. Ihev sort of roof, too, and seem to expect to be all weathers." " If you had a family of children, perhaps would find such a travelling menagerie vera L. venient," said Kate. 3 "If I had such a family," said her would have a separate governess and guanfeab each, very moral persons. They should cice when each child was two, and stay twenty. The children should all live apart, eos not to quarrel, and should meet once or tvi$t day and bow to each other. I think that should learn a different language, so as not converse, and then, perhaps, they would coj each ether into mischief. "I am sure, auntie," said Kate, "you bs» missed oar email nephews and nieces ever aaj their visit ended. How still the he use b been!" " I do not know," was the answer. I beet great many noises about the house. S<pekcr comes in late at night. Perhaps it is Philip ; I he comes very softly in, wipes his feet very ga&J; like a clean thief, arid goes up stairs." ' I " O auntie !" said Kate, " you know TCp fepif got over all such fancies." I "They are not fancies," said Aunt Jul " Things do happen in houses ! Did I not kajj under toe bed for a thief during fifteen years, e find one at last ? Why should I not be aHori to hear something now ?" " But, dear Aunt Jane," said Kate, " you afr told me tins before." " No," said she. " I was beginning to telly; the other day, but Both was just bringing in ej handkerchiefs, and she had used so much Mrs? they looked as if they had been washed in here, so that it was too outrageous, and I forgot ere- thing else." " But- do you really hear anything F" "Yes," said her aunt. "Bath declares it hears noises in those closets that- 1 had nsiledn you know ; bat that is nothing ; of coarse s does. Bats. What I hear at night is the est ing of stairs, when I know that nobody ougti L- be stirring. If you observe, yoa will hear ii a, At least, I should think- yon would, oxuv ds somehow the universe always seems to stop, vise it is necessary to prove that I am foolish." The girls had ns especial engagement thstrel ing. and so got- into a great frolic on the stsrirl over Aunt Jane's solicitudes. They conths themselves that they heard all Ox 'rTPL" S fbotSalls oa successive steps, the crest of spki the brushing of an arm against a wall, the ki same suspended object that was stirred iz Once they heard some light object fall cc. a floor, and roll from step to step : and y<et h? I themselves stood on the stairway, and iiodh | posed. Then for some time there was sk& j but they would have persisted in their ohse finns, had not- Philip come in frem Mrs. Meredi I in the midst of it, eo that the whole thing j into a great frolie, and they sat on the stairs $ | told ghost-stories half toe night (to se cosmrixr-.) 