THE JSTOYELIST. THE SHADWELLS OF RABY CHAPTER LVIIL-MISS MARLYN TALKS WITH HER BLACK CAT. Mrs. Shadwoll would gladly have got out of this unpleasant task, but one way or other it must bo got through ; and it was better to dispatch it, than to let it continue to hang over till next morning. So she did seo Miss Marlyn-who stood, though invited to sit, and listened submissively, in silence, during the few minutes occupied by tho little con ference. A brighter glow for a moment flushed her cheeks, on honring that, for some reason, which Mrs. Shadwell could not explain, which sho approached and went away from, without touching, Miss Agnes Marlyn was not to accompany Kachel to the vicarago next day. At this point Agnes looked with a keen stoady glance for a moment at tho lady, who instinctively averted her eyes. Miss Marlyn, howovor, evinced absolutely no emotion, except in thoso very trifling evidences. " Anything moro?" asked Miss Marlyn in hor lowest tono, and with the faintest light of a sad smile. " No -nothing," said Mrs. Shadwoll, who was embar rassed in tho presenco of tho young lady who stood before hor, smiling, patient, and so gracefully sub missive, that hor heart smote hor, and sho almost wished that Agnes Marlyn had boon angry and violent. It was a rolief, however, that this little unpleasant ness was over, and without giving paia, or exciting an angry thought. But was this so ? . Miss Marlyn ran down stairs lightly to tho drawing room, where she had left Kachel in the middle of a duot. "Well, Pucolle, what was it?" she asked. '. Nothing, dear, only that I'm not to go with you to-morrow to tho vicarage," said Miss Marlyn, quiotly, sitting down besido her, and striking a chord. " And why aren't you coming?" " I don't know, and I don't care-I forget whero Ave stopped; here, I think." " Wait, Pucello-don't mind that tiresome duet and toll mo, aro you really not coming ?" " Oh, my dear, don't you know I'm not coming ?" said Miss Marlyn, with a smilo a little sarcastic and incredulous. "No-Iliad not an idea that anything could happen to prevent it ; and I entreat that you won't suppose anything so treacherous as my hiding it, if I had known, from you," "Didi fancy any such thing I Why should I, dear? What an odd, fanciful, huffy little creature it is ! But, really, it is not worth talking about. I should not caro to sojourn in that wearisome little iliaco, and be so be-Bonnied as I was when we last drank tea there ; nothing but its comicality makes it endurable, and the funof tho best joke wears out, you know, by repeti tion ; and, in fact, nothing but the hope of some little use as a daisy-pic ker, could have prevented its being absolutely insufferable. I can't admire oven the scenery there. I think it tho only interesting spot in the country. To bo sure there is an objeot that doos make the landscape interesting-I mean Mr. Charles Mordaunt, doesn't he?" and she laughed, and played half a dozen bars, and added : " What a beautiful blush, my dear. I wish ho were here to seo it." "Pucello, you talk like a fool !" "And I such a rogue ?" " No-but I mean to say, that I can't conceive any gui caring thej least for any man who has not first shown that he bikes her better than any one else." " And doesn't he show it? Come, I never ask any ono to confess anything in this I hypocritical world, but you know he does ; and you know you like him- and now lot us play this other overture." And she bogan to play so brilliantly and loud, all the time saying : " No-no-I won't hoar ; I'll liston to nothingbut music ;" that Kachel, half provoked, though she could not help laughing, did sit down and play the treble " You'ro not vexed, Pucello ; but I am-very muoh disappointed-and I shan't half enjoy my visit with out you. Are you vexed, Pucello ?" " I'm never vexed, dear-I'm not even curious-for I know perfectly how this little chango of plan came about," said Agnes Marlyn, leaning back in her chair, and looking listlessly upward. " No, dear, it is too long a story ; I'll tell it to-night to my littlo black cat, who sits on tho end of my pillow, and hears my complaint whonovor I have one to make, and sometimes gives mo a tiny bit of advice" This black cat of Miss Marlyn's-r-allusion to whioh in moods of sinister playfulness was not unfrequent-it is right to observe, had no matorial existence, and was altogether an imaginary oonfidant. " I bato that black cat, Pucolle ; I wish you'd make it jump out of tho window ; I don't think it likes us, and I'm afraid of it." Miss Marlyn laughed gently with a sidelong glance along tho carpot, and tho glittering edges of her oven teeth appeared with a pretty suggestion of malice that mado^ier for a moment appear like a stranger to Kachel. " Part with my dear littlo black cat with the yellow oyes, and sago counsel, and patient ears ! Ah ! no. It is sucha little wise-acre, and so sharp, and has heard all my secrets, and is so veiy old a friend, and only tho sizoof my hand, and never comes except when people uso ino ill ; and then it comes crouching and clawing along my pillow to my ear, rubbing its little whiskers to tho sheet, and tumbling so playfully, growling like a dear littlo tiger, or hissing like a tiny pet snake. You can't imagine such a darling ; when I was at school, where old La Chouette used to knock me about as she pleased, even before that, when I was beaton and half-starved at home, from that tune it was my solitary confidant-my own dear, little blaok rogue who listened to my poor little whimperings, and taught me tricks." Except in this little enigmatical speech, Miss Agnes Marlyn evinced no sense of wrong ; and when the hour of rest arrived, she kissed Rachel at her door, and wont to her room. She had not to pass Sir Roko's door, hut she could seo it as she went round the icorner of the gallery swiftly, and glanced hastily at it over her shoulder as she quickened her pace. She was not afraid of ghosts as most young people aro. I suppose on occasion, however, sho was capable of that kind of fear : but whatever may have been the tricks or menaces of her imagination when sho saw that áoor after dark, I am sure she hated tho sight of it. Hurriedly sho shut and locked her door. Her heart was full of bitternoss : but she did not burst into tears, as young ladies under a senso of wrong usually do in tho seclusion of their rooms. Perhaps tho tenderness of early parental lovo, and tho habit of being pitied, aro needed to induce that rolief, aud Agnes Marlyn had no homo affections to look back to, and had never en joyod tho luxury of being pitied. And so her training had steeled her against the necessities of sympathy, aud the habit even of pitying herself. Miss Marlyn sat for a moment before her glass, thinking and looking all tho timo at her relluoted features. Sho liked looking at hersolf in tho glass ; and she knew sho was beautiful ; and she could do that and think also. Her beauty was her power, and the vmd consciousness of this inspired her thoughts, and quick ened her sense of insult. Sho had sat longer than she thought, and waB a little chilly when she stood up to undress. Having gathered up her magnificent hair, her graceful limbs were quickly laid in her bod. She did not put out her candle ; she liked thinking in this kind of light with her small hand under her cheek. Her heart was full. An intense, cold anger was struggling in it, and yearned for some expression in act. übe was turning over all sorts of things in her mind-talking, as her phrase was, with her littlo black cat. They had a long confidenco, and it was late when she put out her candle. Miss Marlyn was a clever person, and mado theories, and often saw farther into millstones than other people. She fancied a ohange of manners toward her when Miss Barbara had como down that day from her talk with Mrs. Shadwell. Who had brought about that ohange ? and now sho was in consequence forbidden to go to tho vicarage. Insult upon insult ! Cowardly outrage ! Very well. Sho was not a person to. bo stricken down with the blow of a fan, and walked over. She would talk for a littlo time with her littlo black cat, and soo what was to be done. Next morning Miss Marlyn carno down serene and beautiful, in good spirits oven, for she had quito made up her mind, and saw her way a littlo in advance, distinctly. Up to last night, whatever she might say or write, she had been in a great indecision. A grnin of passion had determined tho equilibrium, and Miss Marlyn's futuro, for some chapters to come, was now distinctly written in those tablets of her littlo brain that retained inscriptions like adamant. At the appointed hour away went Kachel, Agnes Marlyn standing on tho steps, and smiling her farewell. When the sound of tho wheels grow faint in tho distance BIIO was still smiling though looking down musingly at her littlo foot, which, on the smooth Caon stone, was beating time, as it wero, to tho gentle mea-. sure of her pleasant thoughts. Then, awakening from them, she looked up at tho clear autumnal sky, and abroad over the fair landscape. It was tho sun of Austerlitz, the augury of conquest, and she ran in and amused herself with jubilant music, and some spirited marches on the old piano. Miss Marlyn read her novel, and took her walk, and sang songs to the jingle of the old instrument, whioh was abandoned to the wear and tear of practising ; and at tho usual hour she repaired to Mrs. Shad well's room, and was particularly gentle and submissive, and, some how, engaging. She offered to read to Mrs. Shadwoll, who was beginning to relent ; won, insensibly, by her melancholy littlo attentions. Mrs. Shadwoll, however, hada long interview ponding with old Wyndlo, but fearing that a mere refusal would appear ungracious, she asked Miss Marlyn to como to her for half an hour, by-and-by, and read a littlo then, if sho still felt dis posed. Miss Marlyn pathetically thanked her, and entreated that Mrs. Shadwell would think of some way of making her usoful during the very brief stay that remained to her at Baby. Tho eveningclosed over that gloomy household, and darkness succeeded ; and Mrs. Shadwoll, looking to tho littlo clock over her chnnney-picco, saw that it was half-past seven, and remembered Miss Marlyn's promise. ¡ Just then, tho door opened roughly, and hor husband j entered. He looked palo and angiy, and came over sdently to the little table, which was placed beside her, and sat down at it. Then, suddenly, he said- ( "What has become of Kuchel?" " She went to-day-I thought you know-to tho Temples, to pay a little visit," she replied. "Well, shebas returned by this time, I suppose?" "No ; she was not to return till to-morrow, or, por haps, noxt day." " Upon my soul, that's being rather cool !" Mrs. Shadwoll looked rather frightened at his angry face. " I hope I haven't done wrong, Mark," she began. " You have sent Miss Marlyn with her, of course ?" "No; Miss Marlyn ia here." " Oh ! and wasn't she askod?" " Yes, dear Mark, at first, but that was changed afterward." " Changed, was it? So she has gono off without her governess," he said. " But her governess couldn't be of the least uso to her there ; and you know you said you thought Miss Marlyn was unnecessary; and she's going away," pleaded she. He stared at her very angiily, tho moro so that he was a little puzzled by her very obvious rejoindor. "Upon my honor ! you'ro growing quite a debater; that's a vastly clover answer, only it don't quito demon strate the wisdom of sending Rachel oif alone among such a set of muifs, to moot that d-d follow, Mor daunt ; and I don't seo what business you had to send my daughtor away on such a visit without acquainting me with it." " But, Mark, dear, don't you remember that you told me that I might always scud Rachel there without troubling you about it ?" " I say, having asked Miss Marlyn, as the proper person to accompany her, it was insufferably imperti nent withdrawing that invitation ; it strikes me, if sho is good enough company for you and Rachel, that Mr. Roger Templo, and Charles Mordaunt, and old Miss Barbara might venture to sit in tho samo room with her. Have you heard anything against her ? I should be glad to know tho pretext on which wo aro to bo treated with that kind of insult. And recollect the effect such a snub, from such a quarter, must have upon tho position of that young lady, in whom you professed such an interest, and whom, I think, we are bound to protect, not only from common wantB and dangers, while she stays here, but from damned impertinonco and slander. " Ho thundered tho last words, actually palo with anger. " But, Mark, doar," sho faltered, " there has not been a word said." "Yes, that's tho odious cowardice of the thing, don't you seo ; there's always a risk of being exposed and punished if one does say lies of people; and don't you perceivo that tho work is just ns effectually done, and far moro safely, by letting the world know that the vicar and his family won't lot a given young lady into their house, and decline to sit in the room with her. Do you think it fair to Miss Marlyn that wo should allow that ? I don't, I can tell you, and I'll wiito to give them my opinion of it, and Rachel shall como home to-night. And with these ominous words ho rose, lowering, and stalked from tho room, shutting the door, with moro emphasis than beseemed the chamber of an invalid. There are two doors to Mrs. Shadwcll's morning room: ono through whioh Mark had como and gone, oponing on tho great gallery; tho other from a small anteroom, which communicates with a back gallery. As Mrs. Shadwell sat there stunned and frightened, this latter door opened, and Miss Marlyn, with a book in her hand, entered. Mrs. Shadwell was in tears. Miss Marlyn's smile vanished-she stood still. " Pray, come hero, Mass Marlyn, and sit down," sobbed Mrs.. Shadwell, vehemently, forgetting the coldness and reserve of tho last week, in her agitation. "Now, I ask you, Miss Marlyn, havo I slandered you. -havel? Have I ever slandered you, or permitted any ono to slander you ?" ' "Oh, dear Mrs. Shadwoll ! I could not imagine such a thing !" exclaimed that beautiful young lady, much shocked apparently. "Slander mo-slander anyone I Utterly impossible !" "Mr. Shadwell has been here, so amazed about that little visit to the Temples, and your not having gone with Rachel." ? " Oh, dear Mrs. Shadwell ! How very provoking ; you have no idea how much I prefer being hore, and you know I should only havo been in the way thero, and I should not havo liked it at all ; and I know they havo not much room, for Mr. Mordaunt is staying thore." " And Mr. Shadwell is so vexed, and he is going to writo, and to send for Raohol to-night ; and so, I sup pose, wo shall loso the only friends that aro left to us." "But if you were to ask Mr. Shadwell not to write, j surely he would not." "Mr. Shadwell is vory kind, so kind, you have no idea ; but ho is very firm, and when ho thinks a thing right to bo done, nothing ever moves him, ho always doos it, and I am very sorry-" And Mrs. Shadwoll broke down again, and when sho looked up Miss Marlyn was gone. In loss than ten minutes' moro Agnes Marlyn ro turned flushed, radiant, and so beautiful ! Sho had prevailed with Mr. Shadwell, tho letter would not bo written, nor Rachel sent foi', nor tho arrangement with tho Temples disturbed. , It was running so rapidly up the stairs that made tho riso and fall of her dress show her quickened breathing, and that called that brilliant colour to her cheeks whioh seemed to give a fiory softness to her eyes. Her words and tones wore very humblo ; thoso oyos were cast clown. Thero was tho modest gratification of having done her benefactress a little service ; a very timid pleasure, and an indescribable pleading sadness in her tones and attitude. And along with all this-imper ceptible by all but that marvellous organ, tho oye of a wife-was thero not the baleful light of an insufferable triumph. Ten million-fold rather at that moment would poor Amy have aocoptedall the vexation that threatened than boon so rescued. She rocognizodh tho extraordi nary boauty of that girl. She felt, with a deep seated agony, how facile had been her influenoo whero she, oven in botter days, had failed to persuade. Liko other foolish wives she worshipped tho beauty and fascinations of a husband whom other people saw as ho was, and she thought him irresistible. In black mourn I, All fears scorn I. Love hath forlorn mo, Living in thrall. Heart is bleeding, All help needing, Oh, cruel speeding ! Fraughted with gall. With a heart wounded and resentful she yet con tri ved to smile and thank hor. Shopraised her read ing the meauing of which never reached her wandering thoughts, and heard thc cadences of that sweet' voice that stirred her heart with tho anguish of jealousy. When Agnes Marlyn had bade hor good-night, and departed, she looked in the glass with a pang, her retina still glowing with tho radiant boauty that had just left the room. There mot her the plaintive, faded littlo face, whose glory was over, and the large eyes | still beautiful, and to which', as sho looked, the tears sprang. "Amy, Amy!" sho murmured, slowly and sadly, with a mournful little shako of her head. All at once tho change of years came up before her-the flight of her power-its irrecoverable loss-and the wild uncertainty of future times. 