MIRACLE-WORKING IN LONDON. A man, calling himself Dr. Newton, who asserts that he has received power to perform miracles, has been inviting the sick and maimed to attend at Cambridge Hall, Newman-street, Oxford-street, to experience the benefit of his miraculous agency. A gentleman, writing to a contemporary, thus describes the proceedings : —About one hundred persons of both sexes were crowded together at the upper end of the hall, and in the centre of a small space between them and the platform stood Dr. Newton in his shirt-sleeves, calling upon the diseased to come forward and be healed. Grouped in different parts of the hall were some blind, many lame, and many paralysed persons waiting for an op portunity to get to the front. In his frequent explanatory remarks to the people around him, he said he did not perform the mimiAou by his own power, but by the Divine power which was given him for the purpose, and by the presence of -which in the hall every one was blessed. When a patient was placed in his hands he would make some such speech as the following, which was literally made in one instance .-—"lt is by love this is done, especially female love. You must lore the doctor. You. must believe in him." After calling upon God and the holy angels to help him, he would usually pass hU hands over the face and limbs of the patients, jerk his own limbs about, as if through a shock of electricity, and then declare thorn cured ; or, if it were very apparent that they were not cured, he would assert that they were partially cored, and would totally recover in a given time. Sometimes the Doctor would assert that the disease was too far gone to be entirely re moved, and sometimes he would refuse to attempt the cure. He announced that if any were too sick to be brought to him, their friends might bring any article belonging to them, and through that article he would effect their cure. Pockethandkerchiefs, a waistcoat, gloves, &&, presumably of sick persons, were handed to him. These he would squeeze, and, calling upon "God and the holy angels," "the Divine power," or "the Holy Ghost," he would order the disease to leave the person to whom the article belonged, and would then declare them cored or fast recovering. Menaad women suf fering from various forms of partial lameness were put through their facings i? a painfully shuffling manner, and were then almost per suaded that they had been cured; but the con tortions of their countenances, in their unavail ing endeavors to realise the cure, ludicrously upset the would-be ""i-j*lo_ and the delusion was more fully dispelled when they attempted to walk from the hall. A P??r woman w carried op the hall in a chair, aad placed before the Doctor. She wai unable to walk without the assistance of crutches, or th«s aid of other persons. The Doctor first of all called upon her to love and believe in him, and then kneel ing down, he passed his hand over her legs several times. He next stood up, and com manded her to rise. The poor woman straggled hard to obey, but was unable to do so. He lifted her out of the leat, and half-dragged her across the floor, notwithstanding her cries of pain, telling her she was able to walk. Having taken her some yards, he suddenly left her standing alone, and commanded her to walk back to'the chair. She struggled to obey, but screamed with agony which the effort caused her, and would have fallen to the ground had she not been supported by two persons, who led her away. A blind mas, who had bean led into the magic circle, remained standing near the Doctor for a long time, but no notice of this was taken by him until his attention was forcibly drawn to the man by a woman, who begged him to give the blind man eight, He walked up to the man, looked at him, aad laid, " I can't do it." Great confusion followed this announcement, and a deaf man, whom the Doctor had failed to cure, but who watched the proceedings closely, and his friends, com menced denouncing the operator as an impostor and swindler, and called upon him, if he had the power he claimed, to cure the blind man. The supporters of the Doctor proposed to turn the denouncers out, but this was sot attempted. General attention having been directed to the case of the blind and deaf man, the Doctor attempted to get over the difficulty created by the blind man by saying that he did not profess to cure the worst cases of blindness, and with reference to the deaf man he said the drums of his ears were gone, and the Holy Ghost would have to perform an act of creation instead of cure in order to give him hearing. Several other cases were submitted to the Dootor, but the result in every instance was the same. As the people were leaving the hall, Dr. Newton offered to give a Divine blessing to all who would pass in procession by him, and some eighty or ninety persons actually accepted his benediction. The Winter Season. —We observe that as the winter is advancing, L. Roach, 44, Bundle street, has determined to cleab out the whole of his Winter Stock of Drafeby and Beadz uade CLOXHTXG at reduced rates. The public are invited to inspect the Stock and compare prices. do' In order to facilitate partnership arrange ments, the Extensive Stock of J. A. North more is now being offered at such a reduction in price as will appear almost incredible to persons not acquainted with the tremendous losses which importers hare been subjected to during the past season. In many instances the prices are considerably less than would be abtained for the came articles in the TEngliiJi insrket. A reference to our advertising columns will furnish particulars* do Totted Eels.—For people of good stomachs and hearty appetites there is no need to skin eels. There is no doubt, however, that their flavor and digestibility are increased by skin ning, although the skin contains fat, which greatly helps to warm us, by supplying fuel for the slow combustion within us, by which our animal heat is maintained. The pickled eels that are sent in casks from the northern coun tries of Europe to the south are never skinned. After cleaning your eels, and cutting off their heads, cut them into pieces about two inches loug. Put them into a brown earthen pot, to which, if there is not an earthen cover, you have fitted & waoden one. Season them with pepper, salt, and allspice; if you have parsley and thyme in your garden put in a few sprigs. Pour over the eels a little more vinegar and water than will cover them; put on the lid, and set the pot into a slow oven, or on the ashes on your hearth. They should not be too modi done; as soon as the flesh will come away from the bone, they are done enough. They will keep some time. Wh«n I herrings are cheap, and before they are shorten, you may pot them in the same way. These you scale, cut off the heads and tails, and out them 1 across in two or three pieces. i 