TEXTS -FROM- SHAKESPEARE - " Gratiao . speaks, an infinite deal of nothing, morethaln any man in allVeuice ; his reasonsare t as two gramus of wheat hid in; two bushels of chaff; 'you shall seek all day ere you find them; when you ?have them, they are not worth the search." When Gratialno was rebuked by his friends for bin tendeucy, to engage in unprofitable eonversation, he might; if it be true that unfortunates obtain comfort by companionship, have consoled himself with the thought that there were many individuals in,yenice whose tocnues wagged as freelry, and w"hose mental attainments were as insignificant as his.., And could the ghost of Nerissa's partner now revisit the gl.tnles of themsmin Le would find that the disciples of Grstiano -have increased and multiplied on the earth, anl instead of any surprise being manifestedl by the public at a man speaking an infinite deal of nothing, the wonder is when one stands forward and talks common sense. It is the fashion now-a-days to speak a great deal of no thing. In the streets, in the train, in the theatre, at an evening party, or in the ball room, the con. rersation bears the de ep, decided, unmistakeable stamp of, nothingness.' Men and women talk no thing,when they make their morning 'calls; the lady. ofthe house site fur the proper length of time listening to nothing and replying with nothing ; and to the extent of nothing has she and her viiteirs been ,interested and profited when the latter retire. Preachers there are who givars their congregations forty-minute doses of nothing on the Sabbath: the congregations yawn at nothing; a few in;dividuals say-Amen-to nothing; and the minister concludes with the pious hope that the divine blessing will be added to this infinite deal of ntliiig. There are men who sacrifice the best pairt of a life-time in learning to acquire the habit of 'talking nothing with a certain amount of ease an'd cinfidence. They persevere, and in time they have their rewartL It will untit them for the society. of persons who are out .of the fashion, and whlo seldom speak unless they have something to say, blutttlhat is a consideration of little importance. The miost pitiful spectac:c is that of an intelligent ma~italking nothing, and knowing thathe is doing so, "ii order toi camply .with the rules of society. If 'you look at him attentively and he is aware that you are taking stock of him, the sheepish ex pression, which his face assumes shows. heyond a doubt that he is ashamed of himself, that he feels he h'?s been doing one of the things which he ought not tq' have done, and against which his heart n ost violently rebelled. I could form a tolerably acci rate opinion of the nature of that man's thoughts when he retired to rest in the evening. There are few things' more annoying to a man of stuidions halbits and 'of a reserved disposition than lo quacity.. The. avalanche of words that comes do-wn upon him from his shrew of a wife, or any other nuisance near which he may be located, nearly smothers him; lie s?ieculates upon the moti've power which can keep a tongue going in cessantly from murning"till' night, anrid wonders whether it is quiet when its owner; is asleep. " Learn to hold thy tngue," says Fuller. ".Five words cost Zacharias forty weeks' silence." .It would be much better for all of us if we could pro portion our conversation to the amount of know ledge 'which wae possess. We eat a sufficient quantity of food to enable us to keep up the streiigth of the Ionly, but we neglect to' supply the mind with that which would give it health and stre 'ith. Ilow, then, can any one expert to find even two grainsi of wheat among such superabund ance of ihaft.' Loquacious peolple are seldom cured of their habit after they have arrived at a eertaii'age. They then talk their fourteen Poors a day with a regularity which iannot be affected by any circumstance', and the only reasonable way to treat them is to let them alone. To attempt to reason with themn on their folly is like an endeavour to sail against the wind. They aSre like the arro6ts ;'they talk ecaause they like to do so. I think s.ch people do not care much whether there is ainy'iine present or not, and that they feel just as well pleased when they have only themselves to talkb;i as when' they are aldresiing half-a-dozen persius. Women, especially, have been frequently overheard discoursing with the greatest gravity for hours "together when they have not had the slightest idea that any one was listening to them. It s;is'of a woman of this class that Ben .ohnson wrote - S! My madam witha the everlasting voice ; ' The bells in timu of lestilence ne'sr made. " lke nolse, as were in that perptual motion." But 'while' I should not care to live in the same house with an individual poscessing a tonge .like Mrs. Candle's, and adetermination to use it equal to th'dt lady's, I would not, on the other hand, chuse for a companion one who'answeredin mono syllabics' and 'spoke uoily when it was absolutely' ne essary. Of course if one's choice were limited, the "silent ihlividinal vould be prefeable, to to the loquieioui'lonei becaseo tin ie first place, it is less antnoy'ng to be le? alone than to 'be talked into a state of'a iilent miefi:ration, and secondly, because a silent mainmay be esteemed wiser, than he really ia, while the, flly of au .,empty-heaed fellow :vwith an over-moving tongue, is apparent. It is siot "necr?sary hat:a man, iniorder that he, minaynot lay himself open to the charge of speaking iothing,'should either reumain silent or talk philo s.,phy. "There are sitnations in which either of lithese courses would be out of pIlace. But it is grnetly to"be desiredl that the silly `ustom of I:sling' nonsense jst' because it is considered tlocessary that a'ertain amiount of talking 'houild be done, should be abolilshel;. I put it to' ay mani ihn has h'eenfpresent i tia widdigh br o luncheons or dinner; 'or whateverbe ileaase to call the meal, whether he everh erdil idegroom, who, under ordinary circumstances," was a man of in telligence, deliver three consecutive sentences of sense in resp'onding'to the toast'which is always drunk on, such, occasions. IB ask those who have been in the habit of attending public dinners or other demonstrations at which the whole pro. grammenof toasts is gone through, and everybody drinks to his neighbour's health, whether they ever heard a chairman give the toast of 'the Queen" in a sl.eech that could not justly be characterised as linked humbug long drawn out. If. the absurdity of all these things were only recognised by the public, the number of Gratianos would soon grow smaller and beautifully less. : . OBSERVER. Williamstowis, October 4th, 1870 . 