LYCEUM THEATRE. Wo have seldom seen the tragedy of " Hamlet performed so evenly, and we may jay so pleasantl as on Saturday night at the Lyceum. U.ntalk this beautiful play, in which almost every sentence 13 a word-gem, and conveys to the thou-htful meanings the thoughtless never dream of, th mere rending of the poetry of which should be sufhcient to please, so excellent are its inlleren excellencies, is sacrificed to the "star" for th time, and made the vehicle for his ^ 1 urifiu.ition On Sattirda) night, however, it was placed on the stage with a most commendable attention tr details, and to that mitwird dressing which every j draiua, however good ii may lie, r. quires. The most of tile actors eogsged played their pari , evenly, and without much "iiiouihini/' or rant and the greater number of the scenes were played so smoothly that the attention was not dis tracted from the language of Slialopaare to the continual annoyances of mistakes and break downs Herr Bandmanii a Hamlet struck us as bi'in" n most excellent, all through, performance. It did not appear to us that he introduced any striking innovation, or any very new reading, but his performance throughout wits most evenly sus tainedj and therefore more pleasing than the playing well of a few scenes, ami the" abominable rendering of the remainder. There are no doubt some scenes in which Mr Montgomery shone to greater advantage in u Hamlet," and in which he gave a rendering more in consonance with the general idea of Hamlet than llerr B andmann did on Saturday night, but we are strongly inclined to think that taken as a whole the latter'B perfor mance is one that will give as much pleasure altogether as that of Mr Montgomery, beautiful as the rendering by that gentleman was. Ilerr Bandmann played the character in a most natural manner, and although quite as forcible at times as the text warranted never gave way to that mouth ing and rant which spoiled the otherwise good Hamlet of Mr lalbot. There were times indeed when we thought his words approached towards a drawl, and once or twice he seemed too bois terous-for instance when delivering the lines "Till then, sit still, my soul; f'.,ul deods will risn, Though all tlio earth o'erwliehn them to men's oyes." His scene with the Ghost was rather differently played to what we were accustomed to see, and he held out the cross of his sword to protect him, in the manner that any good Catholic would be supposed to do, which added greatly to the reality. The gem of his acting in our opinion was the scene with Ophelia when she gives him back the love tokens. It was a rare and beautiful piece of passion representation, and Ilerr Bandmann and Miss Rose Evans bad an equal share in the honor. Thesnul rending woe of Ilamlct when Ophelia proffers him the many little love gifts between them was depicted with a thrilling yet natural power that moved many a heart in the audience, and his fits and starts of anger and love were rendered in a terribly real manner. The tender, loving, gen tlemanly style in which ho Bpolce to Ophelia as she turned from the crucifix " Soft you, now, The fair Ophelia-Nymph in thy orisons Bo all my sins remembered," contrasted powerfully with the alternation of j fiery declamation and pitiful, broken-hearted words that followed. The soliloquies hardly attracted so much notice as usual. Herr Bandmann delivered the soliloquy, "Oh! what a rogue and peasant slave am I," sitting, and succeeded in giving it more of nature and less of art than is usual. " To he or not to be'' was a beautiful piece of elocution, and the advice to the players was delivered in a most suc cessful manner; indeed we think Herr Bandmann can hardly be equalled in this particular address. In fact our impression of llerr Bandmann's Hamlet is that it is as even a piece of acting as has been seen on the Australian stage for some time, full of many excellencies, and remarkably devoid of any detractions. Tin: manner in which he has mustered the English language shows great appli cation. On Saturday night only once did he allow the foreign accent to be apparent, and that was in a speech which was spoken very quickly. At the '-nd of each act m which lie was engaged he obtained a ca!l, The other characters were ail represented very lairly and evenly. One of the most agreeable features of the evening was the enacting of the part of Iloratio by a gentleman whom the imagination could without any great stretch picture as the friend of so noble and intel lectual a being as Hamlet. It has been the constant and absurd practice to cast for this part the greatest "stick" in the company, by means of which the confidences and speeches of Hamlet to him of whom he says " .Since my dear .soul was mistress of her choice, And coulu of m<Mi distinguish her election, [ She hath sealed thee for herself," are the causes of laughter. Horatio was played by Mr Loathes, to whom we must accord the praise that he looked and acted the character to perfection, lie played his part with due atten tion to its being a subordinate one, never for getting he was but a satellite around the great star of the play. .Mr Le.'.thes has certainly a fine stage figure, and his attitudes and manner upon the stage are most refreshing after the numerous ungainly figures and ungraceful actions to he met with on the. colonial stage. Mr C. Warde played the Kiwj in a style conducive to the proper development of the play, and was applauded for the only long speech in the part Mr Heawood's Polonius was a fine bit of Shakesperian acting, and this gentleman showed that be fully under stood and. appreciated the author, his delivery being easy and natural, and such fis to cause every point to he caught. Ilis delivery of the advice to Laertes was very good, indeed we think we have seen few better representatives of the character. Mr Parker played the part of Laertes as well as the short time allotted for study allowed, and Mr Verner took the small part of liosencrantz satisfactorily. The Ghost was played by Mr Stanley, who did not appear to be very conver sant with the text, but otherwise played carefully a very difficult part for a comic actor to enact, We must give Mr Weller credit for playing the First Gravediyjer with a dry humor well suited to the words of the part, into which is compressed as much wit as some books and plays now-a- days contain throughout. We should certainly have liked to see Mr Stanley in the part. Of the lady actors undoubtedly Miss Rose Evans, who enacted Ophelia, took long precedence. Shakespeare never makes his women important, they are at all timen mere adjuncts to the play, but what he gives them to do and say is thoroughly consistent with the sweetest side of woman's nature, and therefore although a lady actress cannot make the part of Ophelia important as that of Hamle.t, yet she can make a u'rsat impression in it, and this Miss Evans did. Her scene with Hamlet when she proffers him his gifts was a beautiful piece of acting-the spectator could not decide which was the better. The manner in which she burst out weeping, when left by Hamlet, was thoroughly womanly. Her ucting throughout was charming, and such as went direct to the heart. In 'he niad seen'.; she was most consistent, and her glimpse* of reason were great evidences of power. Her sobbing as she was led out by the Queen was something inexpressibly touching;. In lact we consider Mian Evan-; a nio.t at tract ivt) and capable actress, whom no one can m YjitllfjiU iMriiig "i "(Wlf is e!i!s»-m «f li?r kwmu'V »H'-i "H'.lni). '% h ItWiViy ('Ml fti !ltt! vu<\ «.i Hio {tm-Ui atd; 'Viw Holmes did not seem nt enae as the Queen, The small part of Osric was enacted by Miss Julia Ashley, who was dressed neatly, and made a very pretty young fop. We cannot close this notice without giving a due meed of praise for the very effective manner in which the piece was mounted. We noticed some new arrangements which seemed to suit very well, especially tlie hiding of Polonius in the closet, so that Hamlet had no need to thrust his sword into the air at the wings ns is the custom. Altogether, tho play was very well performed and got up. To-night " Othello" is to bo porformed. A Finr, which was foiInnately discovered in sufficient time to permit of its being extinguished before any serious damage was done, occurred at the Echuca steam saw mills on Wednesday last. A quantity of saw dust at some distance from the building was being burned, and during the heavy gale prevailing 011 that day some portions of the burning stuff were blown on to the buildings. The men were off work at the time, but being quickly mustered 011 the alarm being given, they set to work with a will, and, in spite of the terrific boat of the day, to which the fire added in no inconsiderable degree, succeeded in subduing the flames in a short time, POLITICAL GOSSIP.-The rumor (states the llerald) is that the hon R. T Anderson is to represent the Ministry in the Upper House. As yet the Cabinet do not see their way to any accessions from the Assembly, and whatever etfirt is now being made is only tentative. The competitor moat likely to distance any one in the rase lor the Secretariat to the Agent-General is sail! to he Mr Byron Moore, hut it is doubtful whether an appointment will he made. At a Cabinet meeting to be held on Monday (to-day) it is likely that two gentlemen will be appointed on the Royal Commission to inquire into the working of the Land Department. EXTIIAOUDINAHY YIULD or BARLEY.- A rare hut'perfectly icliable instance of the extraordinary yield of a field of four acres of barley, at the farm of Airs O'Kelly, Carisbrook, has just come under our (Ballaral Star) notice. The yield gave eighty seven bushels to the acre, or a gross return from the four acres of about 350 bushels of excellent barley. The land is old,, but being situated 011 the banks of the Tnllaroop Creek, has often been inundated by the floods. Finn AT BALLARAT.-From the Ballarat Star we observe that a fire occurred a little before mid night mi Friday in the premises of Wycltes and Co, tailors, Ballarat, but through the exertions of the Fire lSriuade the place was not thoroughly destroyed John Wyckes, who was in occupation of the place, stated that wlion the fire broke out he was feeding bis horse at the back ot the pre mises, 011 entering which he found a lot of men. This was however somewhat refuted by a statement made by a young man named Henry Levey, who was the first to burst open the door und enter the premises, and who stated that be then saw Wyckes in a stooping posture. This, with other suspicious circumstances, caused Detective Eason to arrest Wyckes on the charge of arson, but whether it is intended to take proceed ings against him is not known. The property was insured. BAD LUCK AND GOOD LDCIC.-The Telegraph is responsible for the following:-"We are informed of an extraordinary piece of ill-luck that lately befel a digger, but which illustrates the old proverb, "it's an ill wind that blows nobody good." Last week an unfortunate digger, who had bought a 66ft allotment at Berlin, for LI, found bottom at three feet, and seeing no appearance of gold pronounced it a "duffer," and tried to sell out to his neighbor for 5s, without success. Two Chinamen, " new chums," who were passing, looked at the hole, and, after much persuading ventured to givo 12s and a nobbier i'or the claim. Before sundown, they had taken G71h of gold from the hole, which produced them L3,29G-a pretty good profit 011 their investment 