LECTURE ON THE GOVERNMENT OF .THE EAULY CHURCH. I OH Wednesday evening lost, the Kev. ur. IU'JLIRC delivered a lecture in the Free Presbyterian Churc ! Grafton, on the " Government of the Karly Church Tito attendance, despite the heavy rainbar, fell, ju ! about the haurnaoied for the lecture wos numerui Tho rev. lecturer commenced his discourse, 1 I explaining what he meant by the Burly Churc which waa not the past Apostolic Church, but tl Church of tho Old and.Now Testaments. In aaec faining the true government-of the church it was t safest course to confine themselves to thc govcrnme given to them by precept and example in the bibi which furnished all thu necessary elements of chun government, under which God himself the head of tl Bible Church .carried on its affuirs through a long couiso of timo, and perhaps, through a more vari, time than tho lust seventeen or eighteen hundn .years of its history. The rev. lecturer then pr cecded to show that tho term " church " was derivi from a Creek word, signifying what belonged to t ' Lord. The word " church " in the bible had variety of meanings. . 1. It meant; a number Christians coming, together to?.; worship ; God a portentous piacjo of worship, so the won " when ye come together, in the church,, let there 1 no division omong youAràd let your women ' koi silence in the churohes.k 2, It meant large commuuiti of Christians,. under Vpne Presbytery or Gorier Assembly, as the church?Ut Jerusalem, nt'Antioch, Ephesus, and at Corinth, each of whioh, churchc doubtless, consisted of moro than one congregatio 3\. It meant all those in tho sight of .Dod, who. a members of ChristV mystical body, or the elect who tho Father gave Jo\the\Son in consideration ; of h performing tho work\of\meroy ; and Christ so loy« tho church and gave^^imîelf for it, that ho :migl present it to himself a glorious church: and,ll General Assembly and tba church" of the first bor which arc written in heaven.' 4. It meant all tho throughout tho world, who, profess the Christi! religion and subjection to Christ, together- with the children. It i9\iii this lust sense we understand tl church, and as we shall deal with 'it now, You^ ai to understand, of course,' thnt the Christian roligic spoken of in our last definition of tho church, existe before Christ came.in -thlyicsh' -existed always uhei God. hud' a cliurdh ott earth. Tho lecturer ne: proceeded to give a correct definition of the Govert mont of the Churoh.^poinling out that the Old an New Testament Clxu'rch were Identically the sam, except so for as its ceremonial character wa* conccrnci Tho rev. ' lecturer then' roviewed tho Government ( the Various ¡.churches; affirming .that the oiHco,bearei appbinted^by Christ in his Church on earth, " were ni legislators, ar mon who make laws, hut ministers nh must apply wisely .to tho circumstances of thc Churc the law» comrrVittcdstb them by their Lord. He the endeavoured to'shoatSiy. argument,: and reference t the Jcwlshf'ThuroliTYTiot tho government of the Ol Testament Church was neither voluntary, Erastiar prelatic, nor IndMrcnde'nt, but that it was purel Presbyterian. ThcMirst ruler> in tho' New TeBttimcr Church, was tho patter, a teaching Presbyter. Hi office was to teach tho Word, to administer the Bocro monte, and to ordain godly men to tho office of th ministry. Tho office of ruling elder appeared to hav been to visit the sick, and to observe closely th morals and roligion of thc people.' Tho deacon's dut was tu attend to (ho secular aimil's of thc church, tak caro of tho, poor^sand to assi-t tho other nflicc-bcnror I in receiving and disbursing tho funds of tho church although'they wereVto bomen full of tho linly Ghosl they were not to preach ort|olibcratc iii Church Court! He had now reviewedjuHefly the Early Churcli and found that thTr^tficê^Mirers In tho Presbyterin Church, corresponded uuenctly with them, . and th inference to bc drawn Oiwefiom was that true Presby tcrianism was exactly uftcT the pnttcrn of ' the Nei Testament Church. The rev. lecturer next notieci the courts in which thc Government bf the Furl; Church was administered, which was divided inti throe hoods:-1. Tho session or congregational courl which consisted,of thc pastor of tho congregation acting as Moderator, and of.two'or more rulinj ciders. Tho deacons ot tho congregation might nt teni thc court, and give advice, hut they had no volo ii ecclesiastical uiitiiiB. 2. Tho Presbytery was tho ncx judicatory nf the New Testament Church. "It con silted of tho pastorsVonioVaio ruling elders, Sa. Ii the carly days of the Johuicn, there was doubtless i Presbytery in every Jorge town,, where- ChristiaiiUi was established, such i\ Jerusalem, Antioch, Corinth and Ephesus, Its powers extended to tho ordinnilm of ministers, to tho admonishing, censuring, deposing and excommunicating ofjita ofllcc-boa'rcrs, when au; of them exposed themselves to tho disciplino of thi church. .Thc inst.and highest Court in.which thi govornme'nfbfthe church wai administered was thi Great Council.or General.Assembly, from whiol argument, the rov.'. lecturer deduced that tho trui Presbyterian Church was founded on -tho pattern thi Apostles had given them\Tho rov. lecturer havini endeavoured to g]y.e V biW's eyo vlewiof the Govern ment of tho Curly ChWch)~he next called attention ti thc several inferences oVdticlblu therefrom, viz. Theil first inference was thatWio .Early. Church was anti' quakerism. About thV timo of the Kcforinutiun fanaticism, .which, was opposed to the spiiit o; ChilstianllyY made' its appearance not only in thi Continental butin the Bril lah churches also. Out o this fanaticism originated the sect under considoi allon thc fouiider oi .whom wa* George Fen-but Penn ir hiter times, who gave the. system a more plausible appearance, and this funaiiclsm led this sect to throw ; away thc positive ennctmenlB,'preccpts and ordinance! of the Bible, being under the delusion that no on< lind a right to speak on religious malters utile*! directly and unmistkkoably moved by tho Spirit ot God. Quakers did riot believe in a'standing ministry and consequently theyylicfltot b»liov'e iii any kind ol church government. Tho» second infuronce was thal tho Government of "the, Early Church, was anti Independency. Tho : sect of the Independents was unknown to tho woild uiVjUl the seventeenth century, Tho author of it was one lwblnson, who was educated amongst the fanatical Bi'cr'montfoned above, which Utterly disowned a standing ministry in. tho ' church ¡ but Robinson saw, that in order to bo moro successful, ho would be required to change his opinion, and adopt a moro moderate view on Church Government. The leading principle of thc Independent system is thus expressed by themselves:-"Every particular society of risible professors agreeing to walk together in tho faith and order of tho Gospel WOB a complete church, and had full power in. itself to elect and ordain all church olHceis, to exclude all offenders, and to per foi m all other acts relating to the edification nod well- being of the churcli," Independents ondoavmrcd to shew that all tho churches mentioned In tho New Testament were singloNeongiégutious that worshipped in ono place and had ono nn'stor ministering to thom. Independents say further, that tho power of ordination of ministers and tho GoVcrnment of the Church in general ls voste'd iii tha\ people and not in tho Presbyters of tho ("burchetts such.. This assertion is annihilated ? by Presbyterians by thc following arguments:-1. Tho general power of tho keys, or tho power of discipline, wus given by Christians, not to the members, but to the Apostles andpostoisof the church. 2\. The Presbyters of . the church are called by a variety of numcs, which convey tho idea that the* Government of- tho church belongs to them-such as pastors, bishops, or overseers, stowards, and governments. 3. Christ's instructions for tho government of the church are addressed to tho office- bearers and not to the members thoreof. 4, Tho various branohes of church power and authority ara severally committed, not to'thc members, but to tho pimtors and presbyters of tho church., To them ls given tho power of blpdlng and loosing-or tho power of tho keys ; also the power of ordination. These and other arguments, contended tho rev. lecturer, destroyed equally tho pretensions of prelacy as well as Inde- pendency ¡ though the two systems wero diametrically opposed. Ho condemned tho modo of church govern- ment, as adapted by thc Independents, as unscripturnl. Tho lilli d lofercnca was thut tho Government of the Early Church was anti-Popery. The Government of tho Church of Home consisted in giving to tho Popo an cxclu'ive supremacy .not only over tho doctrinos and institutions of-tho church, but over the cou sclencies'of men, He holdall tho laws of tho church in his hands, and-administer cd according to his supreme will. When our Lord said to Poler-Thou art Peter, and upon this rock willi build my Church," he did not mcun that ho would build hts church upon Fetor, but simply that, os tho. term Peter meant a rock, ho would build his' ohuroh upon a similar foundation. Tho fourth Inference was that tho Government of tho Early Church was auti-EpIs copney. Tile'Episcopalian foi in of Church Govern- ment invested tho power of administering such a f;ovcrnmont in a body of men called bishops or pro- ales. These men claimed wonderful powcts. Bishops affirmed thai they, had authority, to deorco rites und ceremonies, i. e., ' to Introduce now ordinances and to modify, those wliiuh^ Chi Ut had appointed, and to fix ana determine tho meaning of scripturo by eccle- siastical imcrpioialioul. They further claimed tho power of uniting men th Christ-to bestow pardon of sin, and to regenerate tty means of baptism, and lo possess tho faculty of conveying Christ's com- mission and tho gift of tho Holy Ghost to all on . whom they picoted to lay their brinda. Hi endeavoured to prove in a lew words that thi claims of tho prelacy were. utterly unscrlpturnl Hi» last remark on tho pretensions of Bishop; -was that although they had several accounts ¡ti (he New Testament of tho, qualification« bf Prcebytei Bishops, thero wns not tho- slightest allusion in tlit whole bible to thc qualifications of-Prelate Bishops: they we're therefore constrained to say that tlic Fielato Bishop was an intruder and impostor in thc visible Church of God. Tho fifth inference was thal the Government of tho Early Church was anti Eraslianism. This erroneous system of church .polity was framed by one Thomas Brastun, Doctor ol Medicine of Hcidolburit. The system asserts'thc entire subjection of the church in every respect to the civil magistrate.' "It.deprived tho church "of exer- cising the power of diciplinc, which Christ had committed to it. It denies that Christ is tho hoad of tho Church, but places the onrthly sovereign in that position and asserts that ho has a right to rule over ...tho chutch. and .people "of God,,-and. God's ministers. Tho tenor of tho whole bible refuted such a system. . This erroneous..system Bpreod. very rapidly, through thc' .continental os well .ast British churches. Even thc venerable Presbyterian Church of Scotland did nót'oscape it. it Worked its way into that body Until it rent it asunder. Tho prônent llstabliahed ChurchW Scotland ' was _\inder in complete sway. The Established Church wuïhvowedly Erection, and any church', that sustains. connection ; with it, or receives its mininera, witaout making them renounce their Era^tinnism, must ha>c on EraBtian element in it. The buBis of the Union Church in these colonies made provision for this principle, in admitting ministers coming from, the present Established Church of Scotlnud\ without asking them to disavow their Ernstian principles^ Tho sixth inference ? was that the Government^ ttie^ Early Church wail ' ánti Voluntaryism. This swteVu may bu said to be. .the reverse of Erastiani8m,>j|(a'it affirms that "the'State huB nothing to* di with religion, thus' inevitably loosing tho citato from an obligation under which Christ binds it as his subject. That tho Stato had a right to defend religion was proved,by Peter and Paul.' Yet unscriptunl as the voluntory system ?; was, ' it wns accommodated to tho liberal basis of the Union Churches in these colonks, The seventh and lust inference wp» that the Govern- ment of the Early Church was decisivo, distinctive, und definitivo in its principles; as wo may well supporo that n church that was personally superintended by Christ himself and his Apostles, must have been perfect in oil respects, HO far as its circumstances would .admit. Npne could be Butlered within its palo that would holdXerroncnus' views. . Any question that caused disturbance was referred tn tho General Assemblies, and' then, definitely and finally settled according to thatmnd uOho spirit. How different are most churches nowTa-Hays. Thc general tendency of unión Christians or churches, which contemplate uniting,.is to Icava.questions of vital importance open to bo' viewed and wrestcd\jay their members na thoy pleaso. In these colonies' especially, questions of vital importance were left to ilia caprice bf private individuals and to thc whim of a mnjurity in u con- gregation, to bc settled os : they pleased. That was not thc practice of the chutch in its carly und best days. In. those days; at now iivthis colony,,the ques-' tion of tho Ilenilship of Christ was not left on upen question-tho placing of uninspired hymus on thc same level with the bible,:was not left an opon ques- tion-thc introduction of opera music and senseless dead. musicul\instruments was not .loft an open question. Indcdd, it cannot bo said that tltcso wera left open questions, except so far ? ns' congregations were concerned, foitoheNjcnernl Assemblies of this colony and -Victoria,Npoamfcely deoided in fuvour - of these unscriptural'quWlons. Ho could not, said tile rev. lecturer, then stnpNui show them tho unseriptural ness of organs and hymns, ns part bf the» public worship of God, suffice it to soy, that they were part of that wild worship which Paul so emphatically condemned. Having given. them somo insight into the Government ol tho Eirly Church, ho trusted his hearers would adjure to, tlint practico i which ap- proached near cfit toViatvform of government. The above is only an outlitte -it the rev. 'gentleman's dis- course, which bccupTcdysome time in delivery, and was listened to with m niked attention throughout. 