A DAY AT THE MELBOURNE CATTLE TABDS. It is early morning — bo Tery early, indeed, that prob ably few persons wholly unconnected with live stock are moving ; but at Newmarket, though the stars are still bright, though the masts of the ships in the bay barely pierce the mist in which their hulls are shrouded, — all the population is energetic and alert as if three and four a.in. in the morning were the most ordinary of business hours. There are two yards, or collections of yards, in the JiBoll which has of late years become and been named Newmarket. In sonic defined relation to these ' jwst and rail arrangements' stands every horse, dog, man, and boy — every cow, bullock, hheep. ana lauiu at present doing or sunermg m meir vjcmuy. Tliese are the cattle yards-aud the sheep-yards res pte ively. All manner of lanes and by-roads from every point of the compass radiate towards Newmarket as a com mon centre. From tliese are debouching droves of cattle aud flocks of sheep from evciy part of Victoria, and from many a plain and forest beyond the Murray. Thousands of fat sheep and lambs have come in by rail the night before, and are now moving in from paddocks where they huve passed the night. The Newmarket Hotel is dispensing hot coffee, and occasional bever ages of a 'shorter' description, by tho gallon. Weary men. with faces worn by hard woather and want of sleep, are 'turning in' for a short doze, or 'turning eut' to begin the day's work. There is no other sale-yard near Melbourne where sheep and cattle can be sold. This particular spot seeniB naturally adapted fur the purpose to which it is devoted, and means have been taken to render it the most convenient, effective, aud accessible stock mart in Australia. Nor is the landscape devoid of beauty. Eastward, at a distance of three miles, lie the spiles and roofs of Melbourne. Beyond are forests, green- Bwarded and devoid of undergrowth, the blue ranges of D&ndcnong;, and dimly distant, the tnoiv peaks of the Australian Alps. Southward, the sun lights up the bay of Wil liainstown, studded with masts and the Bails of many nations. To the westward all is plain. From the spot on which we stand to where the southern surges break against the farms of AVarrnambool and Port Fairy, 200 miles 'in a bee-line,' stretch the Western Plains, rarely broken by hill or forest. Northward, the eye, passing over many a league of park-like country, studded with farms, anil wealthy in stacks and well-filled barns, rests an the bold outline of the far known Mount Macedou. But while we are pouring out our soul in landscapes and such imitilities, see how the cattle mobs are moving on from every lane and by-way, and heading for the spacious receiving-yards. Yonder lot of splendid cattle have apparently come right through the city. Surely that cannot have been the case ! It is even so. They arc from Gipps Land, and since they left the rich meadows and forest parks of that favoured district have been undergoing a fortnight's purgatory (let us be mild) on the woist road for horse and man, cattle or coaches, in Victoria. They did passthiough the city — through the most busy part of it, over Prince's Bridge, and straight up Elizabeth-street— aftei this wise : — After leaving Dandeuong they prowl about till night is well on. Midnight sees them in the suburbs. About two o'clock in the mornins they arrive at Prince's Bridge. At that hour their drovers feel sure that not even a ghost of ordinary respectability is abroad. There is no shout, or cry, or crack of any whip, as with a 'still and awful' demonstration the drove is ' put at the bridge.' Over they go, with & slight shrinking and mutual shouldering, as they espy the gleaming river over the parapet, and before them the long, broad, lamplighted avenue. One or two of the party are of course ahead, to moderate pace and prevent a stam pede. After a weird ghostly fashion — as of a procession of slmdowy beeves, attended by the spirits of defunct stockmen— they troop up Swanston-street, crossing after a time to the great northern entrance to the city. Small is the number of wayfarers fortunately. Coralic, homeless and reckless, gives a half gasp of fear and glides down n lane. Old Stagera, belated as usual, mutters 'fat cattle, whosh cattle at thish time night — might hurt sp-poctable people, sp- pectable people,' and subsides into gateway. Policeman X steps down an area friendly to the force. But for these apparitions Melbourne is a city of the dead (plus gas lamps), the highway is gained, and another mile sees them at Fleni' ington, close to the market. From the racecourse, and over the pontoon bridge of the Saltwater River, comes the western contingent, which boils from the marshy flats and volcanic trap 'rises ' of Port Fairy. These are nearly pure short horns, all station-bred cattle, and looking as fresh and full as if they had never left the well-grasped, well sheltered paddocks they were calved in. They have had truly 'a good time' in this mortal bovine existence. Grass and water have they never lacked in their lives. They are utterly ignoraut of the na,ture of saltbushes and sandhills, l-aoges aud stringy -bark trees. It is little more than a week since they left home, duriug which time they have experienced none of tho ordinary hardships of the road. Small wonder that they look as if they had come straight out of their stalls in an English county, rather than from an Aus tralian cattle run. But stay ! What large drove have we here, number iug. perhaps, twice as many as cither of the others, which the Northern or Sydney-road is delivering ? They are from the far North, evidently. Men, horses, aud cattle, have a long-travelled air. Rather wilder in their looks, veiy tender footed, you may notice among them many bullocks with the long horns and enormous frames ( which characterized the colonial cattle of an earlier stock ; fine cattle, but needs good country to fatten them thoroughly. Yes, truly, and what superb condition must these cattle have been in when they left their run, a thousand miles away. Aye ! stare and doubt if you please, these cattle, now barely inferior to the best shown to-day, have come every step of a thousand miles— rather more than less. They come from the Paroo or thereabouts, in close contiguity to the Warrego and the Bogan, across the Queensland border. I am not quite certain whether Beyond the rainless Batwon, Beyond the red Barcoo ; but as the Mulligan SaW ''d.Owfl Ihete '— a toleasant district, which may be described. as being 'about a thousand miles from everywhere.' lib* tnany a long night and weary day must the fellows in charge have passed since they left their desert home 1 What &. -aradise !— what aa abode of the blest, does this Newmarket, with the briny air from the bay and the cool green tints of the rye grass and clover paddocks appear to tboir way-worn souls. Only let them get the drafting over and happiuesB unalloyed, inexhaustible, sets in that very moment. Hcigho ! we are bordering ou the sentimental side of the spur and stoekwhif, reminding us of the tune — ?When the hardest day was never then too Laid. How, how many cattle have we altogether? Let us count -200 Gippslnnders, 150 from Port Fairy, 500 from the Paroo, 180 very nice cattle (light weights) from the Upper Murray, just brought in by young Fitz Beanstalk — his party consists of two native lads and a blackfellow ; some small lots of paddock cattle make up the total, which reaches 1200 head. One wonders how all these cattle arc accurately divided and placed in separate pens 1 «f ore two o'clock in the afternoon on this very day, and whether mixing and confusion do not sometimes occur. Nothing of the kiud takes place. The receiving-yards are large and distinct. Loug lanes, with rows of pens neatly gated, provide all requisite facilities. The whole affair is constructed with reference to the newest lights of cattle science, and is massive, macadamized, well drained, and well managed. But are not some yards and pens more advantageously situated than others ? Granted. But all this class of difficulties has been foreseen, and provided for. The stock agents to whom the cattle are consigned draw lots for places before their arrival. Town drovers in their pay are dispatched to meet each drove, to inform the person in charge of the exact yard and pens to aich he is entitled, and to point out the best way in. Then on arrival all goes smoothly. There is no wrangling, conf usiou. or injury to stock possible. Each knows his appointed place, and the men go on with the woik of drafting uninterruptedly, having all in readiness by the appointed hour. Twelve o'clock Long ere that hour, horse men, cabs, buggies, and tr.ips generally Are to be seen lining the well-macadamized road, rather under three miles in length, which lends from central Melbourne. The visitors are 'human warious.' Shepherds and salesmen, butchers and over seers, stockmen and cattle-dealers, squatters, with occasionally a merchant (come to see how the stock look from that Burrabumja station in which our firm has an interest— yes. Sir !) make up the crowd. There is muck diversity of aspect and bearing among the butchers. Some arc manifestly prosperous, some patently seedy. Here is a brother of the guild in the tra ditionary blue raiment ; there a quietly dressed person, who might bo a banker or a town-abiding squatter for all that appears to the contrary ; one drives a white chapel cait with a broken down trotter ; another canters up on a cover hack, being a pretty con staut and straightjjoing member of the Hunt Club. However different in garb and manner, they are toler ably alike in the keen scrutiny which they bestow upon the various pens, far the market has been 'bare' for a week or two past, and the ' men of flesh and blood' arc short of stock, and what the salesmen call 'hungry.' The whole place is like a, fair. Everyone who wants stock knows full well that at no other place can he be so well suited. Butchers and dealers from Ballar.it, Sandhurst, and many another inland town, are there, knowing by experience that they can buy more profitably than at their own doors. 20,000 sheep and :J00O or 4O00 lambs ore in the sheep-yard, principally in pens containing fifty. Here you have your choice of Lincoln?, Leicesters, Cotswolds, and South Downs;, with their crosses, from the evergreen pastures of the we-t. Skipton merinos, the famed flocks of Larra and Eicildouu are there represented. Pure Caindens (like Hawk-eye, without a cross) from Mount Hope, hesides liu£e-framed wethers in thousands, from Ecbnoa last night, from Rivcrina, from beyond the Mmrrumbidjee, hevond the Lichlan. Everybody's sheep are here, frnra Thomas Jackson's tiventy ewes to Mr. M'Intyre's S000 wethers. Shepherds, long- haired and grizzly bearded, from the inmost deeei-tf, appear in this quarter, strange aud wondering of aspect, JeadingcoilieB of inestimable value. Town drovers, also, with their dogs, brisk, alert, confident, familiar with the scene, wool is everywhere ; while barking and bleating seem to be the only recognised dialects of the department Squatters and overseers are in force round thfi cattle yards. The former are present to ecjoy the sensation of seeing their ' top penB' run up, before their eyes' to fancy prices. These are chiefly of the jeuneste dorce of the order, the seniors knowing by experience chat their presence will not alter the law of demand aud supply.^ The overseers have mostly 'come down in en rge,' and have a feeling which prompts them to a ? tue last of the animals which they 'have |-erliaps driven so many a wearv mile withanatienwnnd +...., ,lnv.,..to hardly to be exceeded if tbey had been their o«n transformed brothers and sisters. It is gratifying to their feelings to Bit on the rails and see all this self denial bear fruit in high prices, though reiy galling to mark a vagabond butcher's boy, wholly destitute of fine feeling, taking these cherished animals to the abattoirs at full trot, cracking his whip behind tliem as if they were malice scrubbers. By previous arrangement, at 12 precisely Mr. Flaherty mounts the rails, to sell the Paroo cattle. With a winning smile, a persuasive glance, and an air of Arcadiau truthfulness which impress even the hard ened butchers, that accomplished agent commences :— 'Gentlemen : Before I offer the first pen of the splendid draft of cattle you see before you, allow me a few words of explanation. {'I am fully aware that before such an array of judges mere words of praise go for nothing — for less than nothing ! But I feel that I should be neglecting my duty did I fail to draw your attention to the very uncommon circumstances— highly advautageous to you, as buyers -under which these cattle come before you. Do not they remind you, gentlemen, of the' pleasant times of the good old days, when we were all younger men, better riders, and jollier fellows than we are now? ml,iv we n£ji^i!n'i b uuuuiib lYtw bo ueuigu smo. TOUCHini that a murmur of approbation and faint denial arose. In those days, gentlemen, the cattle were larger and heavier than any that we find in these. I see you a-ree with me. We have all legretted that the immense frame aud extraordinary weights which we used to see and hear of, were becoming things of the past. Cattle are not allowed time to grow in these days, or to fatten properly after they have grown. 1 am here to-day, gentlemen, to offer you a draught of bullocke, equal to anything that I ever recollect Look at them. Have we hud anything here to compare with them of late ? Talk of being fat— these cattle have been fat and ripe for two years. And (most impressively, even solemnly) gentlemen, its all in them now. They may appear to have fallen off a little on the road— peihaps a little loose fat may have rubbed oif. But they have been carefully, I may say wonderfully, travelled by my friend Mr. Brigalow here. They are as quiet as milkers ; and for the number, taking ripeness, age, size, weight, and quality, I firmly believe that such a lot of cattle never entered the yard ! What shall we say, then, for the first pen ?' Whether Mr. Flaherty's peroration added much to the account sales we have no means of knowing. Probably the pens sold none tho worse for it, as from his eloquence ou the state of the market they averaged the highly satisfactory price ot L9 odd. The Gipps Land cattle come next. They are smaller than their predecessors, but very prime, as level as peas, have fallen off but little, and that they are ' good all round' is known by previous experience to every habitue of the yards. They pass off quickly and merrily at a price which just beats the Paroo division, but not by much. The Upper Murray cattle, which are neat and good, but light, bring about L7 all round. Last come the Port Fairy cattle. They are incon testably the best in on this particular day, and a buzz of approbation and excitement is heard as a sales man, not much renowned for oratory, clambers up and begins — ' Now then, you butchers ! do ye think j-ou know the X STZ brand. Strikes me you've seen it before, mid paid for it too, as very like you will to-day. They haven't come veiy fur, and I don't know as they've fell away much. If they have, they must ha' been quick about it, f.ir they only left their camp yesterday week. I'm going to keep the fancy pen till last, so give 'em a start and don't keep me waiting.' The fourteen pens were not long unsold, after this laconic address, which was responded to with cheers and laughter. ' Go it, Billy ;' ' Well done, old man ;' ' We'll run you for Melbourne West next time there's an election,' wc-re remarks that^caught the ear— the last criticism being ' Sure he'd make an elegant spache only for the murdthering cowld he has.' Now comes the crack pen, and certainly they are regular ' plums,' as the stockmen say. Five roans, three reds, and two white bullocks ; they were ' fit to bring the teats into your eyes,' as an elderly drover declared. If they were not pure shorthorns, the stain of inferior ' blood was very faint and very remote. Bar the very cream of prize cattle, they were a match for any British shorthorns, and the he.it grass-fed cattle in h U wmld. ' Now, boys, drive on !' said the man of few words, — whose are they going to be '! ' Ten pounds -that be hanged ! eleven— twelve —thirteen ten — ten — ten —fourteen ; Jones has 'cm ; fourteen --fourteen. Well done old Twist, they're your sort, ai'nt they ? — Fourteen ten — ten — teu. Did'nt think you'd be beat off like that, Twist.1* 'Fifteen,' roars that apoplectic tradesman, purple with jealousy and wrath. Jones declines the pecuniary duello, and the hammer falls. It aint such a bad average, confesses Kir. Crab— eleven pound ten all round [ The Sfcles are over : 1200 cattle have passed the hammer, and 20,000 sheep have been sold privately. In no case are there more than two sale days in the week, and then only when one day is insufficient to clear off the stock. Next day accoitats ore furnished and the cash paid over. Everything has been conducted with wonderful dUpatch, and with a fairness and openness which leave nothing to be desired on the part of buyer or of seller. Everyone is satisfied that according to the state of the market the exact price current has been given and reoeived. Each purchaser has bad an opportunity of inspecting, cheaply and conveniently, the whole of the stock furnished, by a, «ist extent of pastoral country. He has had an opportunity of purchasing at.fi- ft hand, the exact quality and quantity suitable to bis wants. There is no aysteni of middlemen. The humblest butcher, if solvent, can buy his pen of sheep or cattle as independently as the owner of twenty shops. Mr. Fitz Beanstalk is As well satisfied with his L7, as the owner of the X.Y.Z 's. with his Lll— for the same reason, he has got the fair market price. All is finished, and the necessary beer having been imbibed, cabs load up, fast trotteis in buggies, emulous, take the road, which looks like a section of the return from the Derby,— and 'a day at the Melbourne cattle-yards' is over. 