PotTOB. — There »i« no business transacted at the Polir* Court, on Wnndav last. AOOIDKVT. — On MVmdav Inst, an accident oc curred to Mr. and Mrs. T. Holyhead, which fnrtunnrplv rebutted in nothing more serious thnn n severe slinking. They were returning from BomVialn. and wli»n near Mr. Tnvlo.-'s residence in Cooma, thff nole of the hiiggv broke and alarmed the horse. Tim nnim-il romrrnnpcd *o kick and finellv succeeded in relieving himself from the veViinlp. which Ivw nftftn mnr-h riiimnirnrl bet t,Vii- hnnm. Mrs. Holyiipad was in tho huggy all this time ; nnd had it not howi for the prespnce of mind exercised by tu» husband, she and the little child Rhe had in her arras would probably have met with a serious accident. LAND- SALE. — The land sale on Monday last was very poorly attended. Lot, A was withdrawn ; lots B and J were purchased by Messrs. Watson Brothers, of Buckley's Crossing ; and lots C and D were bought, by Messrs. Brooks Brothers. For lots E to Ino offer was made. The land offered at the villspe of Colinton remains unsold ; no offer what ever being made for it. In fact, on TuPsday, the Land Agent went through ihn form of offering it for sale to a vacant Court House. Biixiaeds. — The match between Messrs. A. Myers and T. O'Bpen, of Cooma, was ployed at, the billiard room of the Coonm Hotel on Monday evening laft. The event caused great excitement, and the number of spectators could not be computed «t less than 125 to 130. The game was 500 up, and the amount competed for £20, or £10 a side. Ifyprs was the favorite at tile commencement of the game, but the betting was level (ill the fourth 'hundred had been entered, when O'Brien was bRcked to win at odds. Shortly after 8 o'clock the play commenced ; Myers taking the cue first, giving a miss in baulk. O'Brien followed, and each player hnd possession of the balls several times before on advance was made. Myers, however, managed to get a brenk and a lead over his adversary. This lead he maintained with little variation to the con clusion of the first hundred. Whilst on the second hundred, O'Brien made the distance between them considerably less ; and when Myers had finished his break putting him in the third hundred, tho game stood at 208 for Myers and 19R for O'Brion. At this stage, the game wbr suspended for five minutes ; and when resumed Myers had possession of the ban's, and again got a fair lend. Before the fourth hundred was commenced, O'Brien had taken the lead by nearly twenty points ; and on finishing his \\-r«ik rarryVn|- -\i ecovr* into fhc Wt. century, rtio game stood at Myers 380, O'Brien 401. After a further adjournment, play was resumed, and though Myers made several nice breaks he could not pass his opponent ; O'Brien winning a well contested match by 38 points. Of the play, very little need be said — it was anything but brilliant, and each man had bis share of M luck." Myers made one or two «aeeeseriil spot strokes, and O'Brien showed boibp very pretty play. Both men evidently played to win, and the spectators from time to time testified their appreciation of the abilities of the players by applause. We heard slight odds offered in 'Myers' favor if both played 300 up on Mr. Woollen's tab'p; hul, arrangements could not be satisfactorily completed. Weather. — The favorable weather during the concluding part of last, and the first few days of this week led us to the hope that the weather had taken up. On Tuesday the fog was so dense that it was not dispelled till about 12 o'clock, when the sun shone out brightly. It was feared, however, that rain would follow the fog of Tuesday, and about 8 o'clock on Wednesday morning a steady raw set in, which lasted all that day. We had high winds with rain during Thursday night, but tiie weather on Friday cleared up. Thepunt which was washed away from Bucklev's Crossing has been seen at the Pinch River, 150 miles away from where it was taken. Recoveey op Mes. CALB'WHiii.'s Body. — The remains of the unfortunate woman, Mrs. Caldwell, who was drowned a short time since whilst endea voring to cross the Snowy river, have heen reoovered. They were found some fifty miles lower down the river than where she entered. JJOAT foe thb Umaealla.— We are informed that Mr. Hannafard, the contractor for theBredbo Bridge, has received instructions from the authorities to build a boat for both the Utnaralla and Bred bo Rivera. The boat, we understand, will be placed in the custody of the mail contractor, who will then have every reasonable facility for carrying out. his contract. It is a work that should have been attended to some years ago; but such, improve- ments effected are belter late than never. Local TNDtTBTfiY. — During the week, we were shown a fair specimen of handicraft in the form of a boat, built by Messrs. Mawson, Woollett, and Whoiohan, for Mr. Joseph Bolfe, of Ironmoneie Station, near Bobundarah. The craft, is a little over twenty feet overall, four feet six inches in beam ; will carry a ton of goods with ease, and about, twelve passengers. Travelling Stock — On Sunday last, a fine mob of nearly 1000 store cattle passed through Cooma in charge of Mesirs. Brown arid Lethbridgt, en'route for Gippsland. The cattle are from the Richmond River. Hospital. — The usual monthly meeting of the committee will be holden on Monday afternoon, at 4 o'clock. The Matls. — The usual order of arrival of our Sydney mail now seems to be reversed ; the mail has been very late throughout the week. It would seem it will never again strive in Cooma at its fixed hour. ACCIDENTAL DEATH. — From our exchanges we learn that Mr. John Jaggers, eldert son of Mr. J. Jaggers of Bega, met with an accident at Trunkey Gold Fields, from the upsetting of a cart. The injuries he then sustained resulted in his death on the 9th of May last. Cape Howe. — The Melbourne Age contains the subjoined news from the above locality, furnished by a correspondent :- Mr. P.B. Walker, a$ pre sent encamped near Cape Howe, for the purpose of extending the telegraph line on to Gabo Island, had a narrow escape in attempting to cross in a boat to the island ; their boat capsized, one mar, getting right under it, but mirafiilouMv es-»ped. Mr. Wnlfeer stuck man'u'ly to the capsized boat, nnd after struggling with it for more than three hoitm in the sea, they nil got it enfe on shore agnin. A boat, which could only have been lost recently, and also the bulwarks of a vessel, were washed ashore near Caps Howe. All the roads are in such n state that traffic is almost impossible. My instru mpnfs, &n.;, are on a dray on tho road from Non guttn to bore, but, it mav be a long time, yet. before, the dray will reach Eden, but as T am safe in Paradise, T ought to be contented. All anxieties about the boundary line will booh ho pet. at rest. Tiip snrev party, under MY. Black, h«ve. brought be linp on from Forest-hill as far as Delegate, and O»p, party under Mr. A. 0. Allan i« on their way to DeWatp., to cirry tho line lo the destination or termination point at Clone Howe,. j1'1 The Macquauie Bunyip.— It mnv seem very ?tranuo flint, we, us well as Lake Bngpy, the Murrrnmbidpe, and other rivers, should have a bunyip— but I'll give the story as told : It was during the flood, the precise, drto 21th April, time. 11 p.m. Two gentlemen, free boldefs; residing not three miles from Dubbo, having to clear out, wp.nt to a hut. on higher ground with their household goods, &c.; A sound like rumbling thunder came from the river. ' Ah me !' said one, as both were ruminating over a log flre, ' there's at least tn half acre of ray ground on the bank fallen in.' And he sighed. Presently there was another sound — Bounds repeated — as though an elephant or a rhinoceros were in trouble. And thon followed the Bwee.t music or braying of iin asp, loudly bursting off at first, nnrl diminishing softly in the distance. These two freeholders — in vliom I have the fullest confidence— went to the hut door, which faces the Macquarie, and looked through the darkness towards the river. Hairs soon stood on end like quills upon file fretful porcupine. They over that they saw a huge monster clinging to a very tall find stout trao of eucalypti species — a large tree well known to both. Its head was like an elephant's, only the two tusks projected — one from between tho eyes ; the other, smaller, a little abovo the nostrils. The only eye they could see was like a ball of fire. The body was scaly, like the crocodile's ; the fore-limbs long, the talons about ten times as large as a Bengal tiger's. As the river continued to rise, the bunyip held more tenaciously to the tree, and grinned his tpctb occasionally as if in fear or danger.' Once he lashed his tail, and on striking the water the noise was like a diminutive sound of Niagara, i The river still rose, but a limb in the tree presented the monster from crawling up further. There was a struggle to get higher; but this effort brought down the tree which he was clasping right over him, and both seemed to float quietly down the Macqunrie. My informants didn't sleep that night ; and next morning discovered that, a large pOftioB of the rirer's bank had Mian in, and two trees embracing each other which had followed suit, were the causes of their previous cvenine's discomfort and nlfivm. Excerpta. — In Melbourne a subscription has been set on foot to assist the family of Walshe, shot by Supple ; £500 has alroady been raised. Ah Pew, convicted of the Glenluce murder, was ex ecuted at Castlemaine lust week. — Draper has been found guilty, under the Trusts Act, and remanded for sentence. — A collision occurred on the railway liaa at Melbourne, by which sixty persons were injured. — On the night of the 24th May a rocket was fired from the steamer City of Hobart at Hobart Town ; the rocket fell through the skylight of the Council Chambers and set fire to the matting ; no damage was done. — A strong shock of earthquake has been felt at Clare and Bundalleer, near Adelaide. — A man named Burre, a Frenchman, was found dead in a hut at Moonta ; a man named Pottery was arrested as having caused his death, and com mitted to stand his trial on a ohargeof manslaughter. — Two persons were nearly drowned in the Yass River on Tuesday week. — West, Maitland has bpen flooded five times since la#t March. — At Bacchus Marsh after the late rain 8 the grass, according to a local nnper, grew six inches in twenty-four hours. — At ' The Springs,' near Low Ilearip, Tasmauia, a storekeeper was eased of his cash-box ; suspicion pointed to a certain individual, who was seized, stripped, and lashed to a tree, with a lantern burning placed over his head ; in this position he remained till removed by a constable,. — Thomas Welsh, an old and well-to-do farmer at Bacchus Marsh, hung himself with an old towel in front of his own house. — Part of a human body was found on the beach fit Woonoona ; it was buried by the police. — Two little boys were recently suffocated by a land slip at Wangaratta, Victoria — The share holders of the Woolgarlo lead mine anticipate handsome dividends ; it is intended to ship the ore direct to England, where it brings £13 per ton, thiii cost of which, excluding the gold and silver in the ore, will not exceed £6 10s. per ton. — The late flood at Bodalla caused the river to turn from its usual course into the street, carrying away a Chinese store, a dwelling-house, a ball room, and a stable ; four Chinamen were drowned at Cockney Flat, the bodies of three have been recovered. — At Euro bodalla the flood was frightful ; no lives have boon lost, but much property has been destroyed. — At Burragorang a young man named Peter O'Brien was drowned whilst attempting to cross the river ; he was the main support of nn aged mother and sister, and his death has caused quite a gloom. — At the Lower Pyramul, a few days ago, a nine-mile race with 11st. 6lb. up was run in twenty-nine minutes. — Lead and silver has been found by a person digging a well at Wallabadah, on level country and only a few miles from the main Northern Road; it is eapposed to be a continuation of the ' Htitfe Gotten ' lodes.— During the last ten months mining shares at Ballarat have depreciated in value to the amount of two million pounds.' — At New castle, last week, a man was thrown on the rails near the tramway and severely cut ; another miner had his bead broken by a lot of coal falling on him a third bad his thigh fraotured by a skip falling mgainit him. — The ghost of an old woman, toll, lean, and haggard, has been seen at Kempsey; it was seen three consecutive nights by two men, whom the apparition approached, uttering tbe most piercing and unearthly Bhrieks.-r - A lady named Mrs. Rowsell, of Armidale, was drowned in More- down Creek, New England ; whilst crossing the creek, which was considerably swollen, she was thrown out of the buggy.— The Goulburn Annual Races take place on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday next ; the entrances promise a very successful meeting — During the last flood in West Maitland a man named Chapman was removing his furniture and bedding, when the vehicle got bogged, and the goods had to be removed by men up to their necks in water. — At Broughton Vale, near Kiama, a family named Sproule narrowly escaped being swallowed by a landslip ; the family had retired to rest, when Mrs. Sproule heard a peculiar noiso. Slip, awoko her husband, who got out of bed and found the floor of the room covered with mud and watpr. He at once realised their position, and telling his wifo to gp+ away from tho house, took h'fl child, wrapppd in a blanket, and thon went to his brother's room nnd roused him, when all sought shelter in a neighbor's house half a mile distant ; nest morning nothing but the roof of the house could be si-en. — An old man named Kennedy, at Mr. Morris's station, near Junee, wbb choked by a pip.ee of moat sticking in his throat. — The residence of Mr. Grovenor, of North Yass, recently escaped destruction bv fire, from tbo explosion of a kerosine 1«)«d. — The. Praidtoood Dispatch, in commenting on the heavy losses sustained by the Araluen miners, and their indomitable enprgv in endeavoring to recover their position, says : 'It would bo well if other portions of the community would take a ? pattern by thorn, and in place of continually crying out for help mako stronger and more determined efforts to help themselves..' A New England squatter, finding his herds diminishing mnde search for the missing cattle, and found a mob of 200 mustered and ready for driving close to the mob he found two horses saddled, but the riders, being surprised, decamped.— A most daring attempt to escape from the Dubbo Gaol, and a cowardly assault on the gaoler, Byrne, was recently made by a prisoner named Cnmeron, under committal for horse-stealing; the prisone' threw boiling tea in the gaoler's face, and then attempted to escape ; Byrne followed, notwithstanding the pain be was in, and felled the prisoner by a blow on the neck before lie Courier, Tomarking on the subject of political testimonials, says the Robertson testimonial scheme has proved a failure. — A. Hancock, T. Oostello, and Bridget Hurley, of Burrowa, have been charged with manslaughter for causing tbe death of an inebriate, named Cummins, by treating ' him to several glasses of rum ; the case has been partly heard. — The Gold Field Coramision hus been appointed, consisting of Mr. Baker (member for the Southern Gold Fields, who resigned his seat and seeks re-election), Mr. Innes (barrister), Mr James Coombes, Mr. Frappel, and Mr. Thompson. — In the Victorian Parliament a motion has been tabled to grant Dr. Lang, of Sydney, £2000 as a recompense of his services in procuring the separa tion of that colony from New South Wales. — Cameron, for the Smythesdale (Victoria) murder, has been committed to take his trial at the next Ballarat Circuit, Court. — The ship Ben Nevis, wrecked outside Port Phillip Heads, has been raised and towed into Hobson's Bay. — James Wakeficld, convicted of murder and sentenced to death at the recent Bathurst assizes, has been reprieved ; sentence, imprisonment, for life, the first, three years in irons — Mr. F. Bracker, one of the first settlers on the Darlftig DownB, Queensland, died recently, after a brief illness.— The first of the Queensland cotton for this season has arrived in Brisbane from Towns' plantation ; the quality is extra good. — Sugar beet has been successfully grown in Victoria. — A daring case of highway robbery took place at Renalla, Victoria, on Saturday laBt. — The roads between Dubbo and Bourke are almost impassable. Between 500 and 600 sheep have been drowned at Colane.— At Mara, Spilsbury'e dam, valued at £600, has been destroyed, also McCulloch's dams and the Moonagby dam. — At Narandera there is no flour, and pollard is used for bread ; no tobacco to be had for love nor money. — A boat was rowed through the streets of Dubbo last week. — Squatters down the Bogan and Marra have had to clear out of their houses. — The pedestrian match between Higgins and Young Austin, to take place at Mel bourne, is attracting attention. — Attention has been directed to the inhuman manner in which planta tion owners in Queensland treat the Polynesians. — Messrs. Holloway and Brock of Wagga Wngga, narrowly escaped being crushed to death by a tree ; they were driving a bugey, and a burnt tree fell within a few feet of the horse's head. The Land Bonus System. — A writer to the Sydney Mail of Saturday last, under the signature of ' A Voice from the Upper Murray,' has the following : — Sir, — I cannot help expressing my surprise and dissatis faction at seeing by the papers that the much-tnlkcd-of soiiemo of promoting emigration by the bestowal of land may become law. Surely oar Parliament did not consider the injustice they are likely to perpetrate, or they will pause before taking a step fraught with so much evil. I will now endeavour to point out whore lion tho injustice and to whom. In the first place, it ie decidedly unjust -U- the children of old colonists— the native-born of Austrnlin— who are debarred from privilepo'a conferred upon pcoplo horn thirteen thousand miles away. Surely, if land is to be given by the Government, those born on the soil are the most entitled to it. Secondly, to both owners of freeholds and leaseholds, or free selectors who all either have paid or will have to pay a price for their lands, and who will by this law have a class as their competitors in producing from the soil, who get thoir land for nothing. The competition between these is unequal, and therefore unjust. Then land being given to any class of people is unfair to those who have bought, as it reduces the value of land, and is a breach of faith and it impolitic. It is also an injustice to the whole population of tho oolony who depend upon the people Baltine or leasing the land to tedacmthe oolony from the heavy debt that it now labors under. If our Government Is phiUmthropieally inclined, on it set Sad many destitute people in Australia! Am there not many worthy people who have hitherto by arduous labor efeed out n. suhristeuce, and wore who have become comparatively well off by un remitting industry, and whose all has been swept from them by the recent oalamitoiu floods— their homes desolate, their children almost naked crying from cold and hunger, and men and women compelltd, for tin first time in their fives, to beg for bread from their more fortunate neighbours! What a boon ! what a blessing I— equal to manna in the desert to the children of Israel— would be grants of land to these; a freehold, a home for their families, a ohanco of retrieving their dreadful losses and becoming once more happy in the health and comfort of their children. And are not they entitled by their Josses, their misery, to more assistance and protection from their Government than the British emigrant? Are they not as deserving of land as the discontented from England and Ireland!— the 'leader 'of strikes, the stump orator, the agitator, who makes his own parish too hot, and being unable to get employment emigrate; the Fenian brooding over the wrong* (real or imaginary} of Ireland, shooting landlords, rescuing pri sontrs from the law, blowing-up streets. For some of the above type will assuredly come among many industrious and deserving men. I appeal to my countrymen, if it is right that to these should be given our lands, our heritage, find we, born on the (oil excluded from participating! I appealtotheFresp, the preat redresser of wrongs of this age, should this be f Is it just? I nppeal to the men of talent and position to aid in redressing this wrong, if such it be. To my view tha principle is wrong; where will it cease? The requirement at present, according to our legislator views, is the importation of British yeomen to occupy the land and to cultivate. (What for, God alone knows, as the price of produce is in many parts so low that farmers have a diffi culty in paving expenses ; in fact, many, perhaps half of those that have commenced operations during the last eight years, are dependent upon storekeepers and othors to carry them on, and are livinp from hand to mouth.) A year or so hence, some sapient leginlator will discover that natives of Europe are required to develop certain industries— vine- prowine, sericulture, &c.; ; or possibly natives of India, to crow cotton and rice ; or of the Mauritius to cultivate tho sugar-cane ! Is it not monstrous to think that to each of those may be given our land, while the families of old colonists are excluded? I can imagine the answer to my arguments will be — that the colony, to he great, requires population. This may be, but w« most not pay too much for ereatness. Population is too dear at the price note offered — the pick lands of a colony, and at the sacrifice of justice. I will not trespass further upon your valuable space, hut hops that abler pens than mine will assist in showing up the evil, and that all my countrymon will aid in tho task. The Burrangong correspondent of the Mining Record writes : — I have hoard grumbling bnth loud and deep about ' the Sydney coves as want to flood the country with ' emy gr&nts;,' ' and as to Riving thorn grants of land because they pay their passage, that, in the opinion of somo of our pro found politicians, ' out-heroda Horod.' They argwe in thiBway: I paid mv passape from England to this place, and for years rust I have npent all I hnve earned, thus contributing to the revenue of the colony; my children were all horn here ;f and if the Government are really anxious to have the peoplo settle upon tlie land, give us, whoarehcro,: tho'same chance as tbev would holdout to people sixteen thousand milts away. If they do not, it's a robbery !? . , 