POETBY, ORIGINAL AND SELECTED. ADELEINB It wag night in the aear month of June, And a crescent was sailing on high— The crescent of.Dian the moon flailed op in the lead-coloured sky; ? And tbe night it was cold and bleak; And worn and weary was L , ; And ghostly from peak to peak Bailed Dian far up in the sky— Car in the hyemal sky. And I was alone on the waste, And the was away op on high— ' , That i'*i'ten as pun and as chaste Ai Dian that sailed through the aky. ? That maiden as pun and a* bright As the beautiful Queen of the Night That so silently sailed through the sky. And I watched the fair crescent afloat ' Till I thought it a mystical boat, Till I thought it a magkal boat That was sailing far up ia the sky. Then the boat it grew larger and brighter, And a halo was cast round her bowi, like glad wavelets that letmed to invite her. And ho ? sailors wen ghosts I on whose, browi Gleamed stan 0! the loveliest brightness, 8hone stan of the loveliest hue ; And the bark danced along in its lightaeM Through worlds and worlds of bine; Aad I knew not that it wai a vision . ? That was mocking my dreaming view— ? A ghostly and magical vision That wu haunting my feiered view. And among tbe weird throng of this boat '?? Wai one that on earth I had sees— ' One whose name all my life knew by rote— Twu my angel the lost Adeleine. : .And 1 gasped from my bosom for pain. And I straggled with desperate Iotb. That I saw her, butsawher in vain; That I saw her, but law her above. And I whispered, 'Oh, beautiful boat, - Bail hithenrard, bitherward, hen!' And my heart in my breast wildly amote With a jeaming and terrible fear. But the dream sailed on in the sky, ?-'-?' And in it my fair Adeleine. . ) And to heaven I uttered a cry For one clasp of my radiant queen ; For I would not have kept her on earth, In this world of regret and of moan. Nor have Bpoiled her celestial mirth, Just that I Bhould no more be alone. But my heart it was bursting and wild,' And I burned with an absolute love For wig clasp of the heavenly child, . ' Then to send ber again up above. But the boat it sailed dreamily on In its vaporous mystical shroud, Till at last the fair vision was gone ! . , the darkening shade of a cloud. Then I watched it passing slowly ' ? Leaving its shadow of light, ?? ?? - - ' ? While my knees were bending lowlj, ? Praying return of the eight, ? - While my heart was bending lowly Craving return of the Bight. ' And I cried to heaven wildly For one look of my bright Adeleine, -?'??? Who so calmly had looked, and so mildly, From her seat by fair Dian the queen. And I watched tbe clouds unceasing For the boat that was hid in their breast While my terrible love was ncreasing, And my heart was refusing to rest. But my prayers they were all unheeded, For the bark was no longer seen, l-.-.Te DifT alone e?'mly speeded; But gone was my loved Adeleine. Then the tears came rushing forth blindly, And I sunk on my knees to the earth. That I once could have wished so unkindly As to Bpoil for an instant her mirth. The mirth of my heavenly maiden, The joy of my lost Adeleine, ? The joy of dwelling in Aidenn, ? The xest of my life and my queen. And I was alone on the waste. And she was away up on high, r . That maiden more pure and more chaste Than Dian that sailed through the Bky. JTet I Bhed an ungrateful tear As I thought of this world of stone. That she Borrowed nevermore here, While I BUtfered anguish alone. : .. i James Dohlop. 