NEW SOUTH WALES'. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, JULY 13. Our two delegates to the Conference returned to Sydney on Saturday last, and have been congratulated by some of their friends on not having lost their principles while they were away. It certainly would have been a triumph for Sir James Martin if Mr. Cowper had been seduced by the arts of Sir James M'Culloch to forget his oft-repeated pledges in favour of free trade, and to clutch at a temporary increase of revenue, in order to extricate himself from present embarrass- ments. There seems to have been some opinion entertained by the Government at Melbourne that our delegates would yield, and that Mr. Cowper's necessity would be Sir James M'Culloch's opportunity. Whether this expectation was due to any private representations from Sydney I am not able to say ; but, at any rate, it has been disappointed, and it is clear that the Melbourne Cabinet, if it is persistent in its present policy, must continue to bide its time, and either wait the return of Sir James Martin to power, or such an overwhelming pressure of financial difficulties as would compel Mr. Cowper to yield. The Sydney Morning craldoi to-day contains the published report of the Conference, and also an historical digest of the proceedings with reference to the Customs Union. From this it is clear to everybody that the only object Victoria could have in pushing the Customs Union would be to drag all the other colonies into the circle of its protectionist policy. It certainly would not gain in revenue, but would probably lose, as the percentage of consumption per head is most likely greater in Victoria than in some of the other colonies. Moreover, in a union it would have to surrender some of the protection it has already established, for it is just as jealous of South Australian wheat and jams and wine, and of Tasmanian timber and oats, as it is of English ready-made clothing. Intercolonial free trade must take away the existing protection from the Victorian farmer, the Victorian sawyer, and the Victorian vigneron. There is no cosmopolitan feeling in your Cabinet, even to the limited extent of a merely Australian fellowship. It has never said to the surrounding Governments, " All we are brethren," It has been every whit as jealous of the co-Australian on the other side of the frontier as of the British manufacturer, and has treated the South Australian farmer and the Tasmanian splitter as foreigners. What substantial gain, therefore, is there in store for Victoria in the Customs Union? If Mr. Francis could have carried his point, what would he have gained except the sentimental satisfaction of having persuaded the other colonies to adopt his tariff? Such a result might have been gratifying to himself, but how would it have benefited Victoria relatively to the other colonies? The only way in which it could have done so would have been (as hinted in the New Zealand manifesto) by making Melbourne the great emporium of Australasia. But, even supposing that result to accrue, another effect would also be that imports would be cheaper in Melbourne than elsewhere, and Victorian producers would thereby be subjected to a keener competition than kindred producers in the other colonies. To be the head, therefore, of the great protectionist league, though it might flatter Victorian pride, would not be any direct financial advantage as compared with her neigh-, hours. If the protectionist feeling is still to remain paramount, it seems to me that the colonies had better remain aloof until the effect of this policy is fairly worked out. A full account of the Conference will, of course, go to England by this mail, and will be perused there with some interest. One thing will be very clearly seen there, and may possibly affect the present policy of the British Government and the opinions of the Manchester school. That point is, that in all the colonies but New South Wales there is either a tendency towards protection or an indifference to the question. The attitude taken at the Conference by the delegates from South Australia and Tasmania plainly showed that they were quite willing to tax British imports if they could have a free intercolonial sale for their local produce. They have no special zeal for free trade, and their charity begins at home. It is only in Sydney that free trade is identified with local interest, and it happens to be the interest of Sydney to maintain itself as nearly as possible in the position of a free port. I say "Sydney's advisedly, because the free-trade feeling I is not so strong in New South Wales taken as a whole. The country people do not care so much about ad valorem duties, and the big squatters and large landholders would probably prefer a protectionist tariff to direct taxation. But with Sydney itself, and with its kindred port of Newcastle, free trade is not merely a tradi- tion brought from the old country, or a theory learned from books on political economy, it is native to the harbour. Commerce is the very breath of life to a great seaport, and Sydney is the chief port in the Australasian South Pacific, and stands in the centre of a vast coal-field. Sydney, therefore, is the last city of Australia in which free trade will give up the ghost. But what will happen if the Manchester school succeed in hurrying on their policy, and force the Australias into a premature separation? Sydney would then be overwhelmed. Colonial independence would merge into Australasian independence. Its local policy would be outvoted, and it could no longer stand alone to work out the free-trade theory on the sound and natural basis of its superior maritime advantages. The first effect of separation and political federation would be to close the Australian markets more tightly than they have ever yet been closed against British goods. Thcprotectiouistparty.thatlikes a high tariff for its own sake, would combine with the territorial aristocracy, which dis- likes direct taxation, and there would be no other party strong enough, or firm enough in its self-interest, to resist the united pressure The dream of the English economists that the Australian market would be just as open to Great t Britain after as before separation would be found to be only a dream, and an Australian imitation of American tariffs would teach them that there was more truth than they were willing to allow in the maxim Trade follows the flag." So far as I can gather at present, the feeling in Sydney is that the Conference has done good by simply clearing the atmosphere Some misty delusion has been blown away, and we all see now exactly where we stand. The candour and frankness of Mr. Francis are to be commended. There was no conceal ment, no attempt to hide his real meaning under pretty phraseology, and no artful angling to catch even the two minor colonies. Nothing was said or done to tempt them into a closer union with Victoria than they are in at present. On the contrary, they seem rather to have been repelled than invited. Plain outspoken honesty of this kind is more satisfactory than diplomatic evasiveness. We all know now what we want, and we have found out that we nearly all want separate things. Victoria wants supremacy, New South Wales wants free trade, South Australia and Tasmania want a free Victorian market for their produce, and New Zealand wants freedom to increase its customs revenue as the exigencies of its war taxes may demand. How is it possible to reconcile all these differences? The Synod of the diocese of Sydney closed its labours at the end of the week. One of its concluding discussions was on a proposal, ably defended by its originator, to introduce a class of lay-deacons into the Church that is, of persons licensed to preach, who should yet continue their secular avocations,, and support themselves. On behalf of this innovation it was contended that something of the sort was urgently needed - that the clergy were not able to attend to the multifarious duties thrust upon them that it was utterly impossible to pay for fresh assistance, inasmuch as it was with extreme difficulty that the stipends of the existing clergy were raised that deacons were originally laymen called in to assist the apostles and that other denominations have greatly extended their influence by a judicious adoption of lay agency. But there was a very strong feeling against the proposal. In was not an angle. It was against the established customs of our forefathers and the traditions of the English Church, and to imitate the dissenting sects would be practically to confess in them a superiority. The bishop discouraged the project, and even ridiculed it. He doubted whether the ministrations of butchers and bakers and tallow-chandler would be effective, and stated that even gold- diggers had turned up their noses at catechists and lay-readers as no better than "locals." Yet there was a time in the history of Christianity, when the " foolishness of preach- ing" ployed a rather distinguished part. Certain fishermen, not to speak of a certain tent maker, pretty nearly turned the world upside down," and but for them the bishop of Sydney in his lawn sleeves might not have been here to sneer at "locals." Some of the leading lights of the English Church have lately lamented that the Wesleyans ever ranged themselves outside the establishment. It was not the wish of their founder that they should do so, but the then stiff, rigid, and formal establishment offered no comfortable home to the new emotional development of Protestantism. But now that the Church is in peril, and in danger of losing its position as the church of the nation what wise member of its communion would not rejoice if the Wesleyans could all be gathered in But they would not come without at least some part of their organisation, and they would not stay if they were to be subject to the canons. To accept Wesleyanism now the Church must condescend even to accept " locals," and why need it be too haughty to yield a point that might even now save its life ? If Episcopolians.in those colonies are too refined and nice they will have to be content with belonging to the Church of the select few. They will not get and keep a firm hold of the majority of the population unless they are willing to adapt their organisations to local wants and conditions, and do whatever may be good for the present distress." 