OPEN COLUMN. , To prevent misconception, we wish it distinctly i to be understood that by inserting the com- munication of a correspondent we by no ! means identity ourselves with the views ; expressed, or endorse the statements made. t We give them no force beyond what our readers themselves may think proper to attach to them. 1 FRANCE: T B K CATHOLIC CHURCH TO THE EDITOR. Sir — The language which every sympa thiser with France and Catholicism is forced to listen to in railway carriages and on the streets is really sickening- and most offensive. The little penny rags of newspapers as the7" fly around are no less insulting. Every right-minded Catholic must now acknowledge the just and supe- | rior claims of a good Catholic journal upon them for support — from which they can draw pure and genuine information — and cause them to loathe and despise the dark and turbid waters which flow through the anti-Catholic press of these colonies. It is no lie to say that the Eng lish gentleman is the best trpe of elevated human nature that can be found, whilst on the other hand an ignorant English man is one of the most stolid and sense less specimens of creation that could be raised in the most uncivilized country. The colonies seem chiefly stocked from the latter breed ; of course there are ex ceptions, but they are the rari nanies in vasto gurgite. If France for tiie last 30 years had oeen an eneniy to England, if she had in every conceivable way thwarted her progress and created alarm, Englishmen might certainty rejoice to see France crushed. On the contrary, France has given for the last 30 years the most unequivocal and palpable tokens of friendship ; she has not played false to Englishmen ; she has gone baud in hand with them in all the imnro volumes of social and politic?) 1 inter course : uc was the ti led and <>n;y friend that Engiuid had to depend upon in her u.-i -Te-r. .'tour, when R.us.fia tdreateued to J.-.-'iV-- her of nioro than naif her empire in r i.i England. to-day, ireats that iM.ndsaip wnhapat >y and perfect in difference. Her Minister 3 coolly fold their anu.s and luuk on at the disad vantageous struggle of France with united Germany, and make 110 eff >rt to stop the useless Ido-idshed and dcvw'r- tion. If N apole- u or his vi : ' is try p-ive precipitated the nations into w ax Prussia ougnt surely to rest satis u en witn imia- ing Napoleon as her prisoner and seeing her Ministry overturned. King William of Prussia — if ids word is to be relied upon — declared that his object in pro moting the war was to rid France of the Napoleonic dynasty ; why then does lie not desist now that he ha3 succeeded in doing so, and make peace with an un offending Republic. It is the duty of England, if she possesses any influence, to treat with Prussia. The great majority of Englishmen desire it too and insult the Government for their apathy. France though crushed, not conquered, will not forget those deceitful friends who abandoned her in her darkest hour. A young nation will spring Phoenix-like from the ashes of the old, and seek a better revenge by straightening the crooked policy of Bismarck, and they will have it too. The policy of Englishmen, though selfish, may not be ill-timed after all, aud they are only reserving their fuel to cook their own victuals. The vast mass of the English population and the English press clearly portend that the day of Eng land's visitation is not far distant. The tone of the English press is most unmis- takeably revolutionary uprooting and tearing down all the olclen and most sacred landmarks of constituted mon archies, whilst the masses of the people are instructed under Beales, Bradlaugh, and Odgers, the head-centres of revolu tion in England. English statesmen see everything European is fast tending to a universal wreck ; they know that the duty of allegiance to constitutional monarchy is flung to the winds. They see their own countrymen eager to join in the affray, inspired with a hatred for the Queen, her Government, and the nobility, glad to get rid of them at any price. They hear the press advocating revolution, and they see the Irish gird ing up their loins with staves in their hands ready to strike a blow to emancipate themselves from worse than Egyptian bondage. They see that that day is not far distant, and they are reserving their strength for it. They will then look round to their old friend and ally and they will not find her — they will meet no succour from revolutionised Germany, Italy, or Spain, whilst Russia and China are annihilating her power in the far East. She will then sadly deplore her fatality in allowing the principles of Catholic nations to be pulled down and trodden under foot all over Europe, even in her own kingdom too — the only prin ciples which could have saved her — Catholic subjects have been ever true and devoted in their allegiance to their sove reigns, it is only when they fell off from their Church and its dictates that they rebelled against the civil authority But England must pass through a severe ordeal before she will be convinced of this. As regards the affliction which the Head of the Church is passing through, igno rant men are not slow to insult, nor yet to prophesy the final overthrow of the Church. Such lying prophets as these have never been wanting in any age of the Church. Even in the days of the Apostles, when the Saviour's blood, shed for his beloved Spouse, was warm upon the earth, there were Hymenaeus and Alexander. Again, a little later, an Ebion and a Marcion appeared on the earth to prophesy the downfall of the Church, and, after delivering their lying oracle vanished ; but the Church still re mains. So it is, even to our own days, in South. Australia. So far as the security of the Cliurch is concerned, Catholics are not alarmed. The cry of the Church be ing in danger never was uttered by Catholic lips. God has, from time to time, permitted persecutions to come on His Church for His own wise designs, re vealing still more clearly His merciful Providence over her. The prince of darkness and the revolutionary power of Italy are enjoying their short day of triumph . N o w is their hour, and the V icar of Christ is betrayed into the hands of wicked men who thirst for his blood. But the powers of darkness will soon be combatted and overthrown, and from the darkness of the grave the Church will come forth more terrible, and resplen dent with beauty, clothed in all the orna ments of grace as the Royal Prophet be held her at the right hand of God. Astitit regina dexteris ejus circumdata omni varietate. Victor Emmanuel and his accomplices are not more powerful than Vespasian and Caligula were, who fiercely attempted to pluck up the tender shoots of the Gospel. The revolutionists of the day are not as strong as were the followers of Eime and Alaric the first. Neither are they so terrible as Attila or: Genseric, f>r greater and more learned than Julian, the Apostate. N or are the principles of the revolution (I mean Pro testantism) more extensive than Axianism. They all persecuted the Catholic Church ; 1 they had their day, and they are gone — ; forgottm too — and their progeny and title a'-o beonu extinct, Yet the old Carbolic tree is still nourishing through; f.hij snrinur of hjjp.h. without. ri.oti av svrrm- : 1. » o — 7 o — r j torn of decay. A few rotten branches; | have from time to time been lopped off i by the violence of the tempests, but j the venerable old truth still stands | majestic. Nescirsct vegetior resurget. The antiquary in religion as well as the scholar in ecclesiastical history, are as tounded as they descend along the rapid current of time, approaching nearer to; I our own days, to read the summary ven- i geance which God has executed on the sacrilegious robbers who have dared to lay hands on the Ark of God — and are surprised that evil-thinking men of the present time do not take warning by the dreadful fact. As far as time and place will permit, I will instance a few exam ples of the dreadful punishments that befel those who attempted to deprive the Pope of his patrimony. We find that the Emperor Henry IV. thrice besieged Rome, and set up an Anti- Pope. Shortly afterwards, he was finally subdued by Robert Guiscard, a Norman and a most lamentable death befel him. In the 10th century there was Crescen- tius, who sought to expel the Popes, and to restore the Greek emperors. His end was a most tragic one. He was hung by the orders of the emperor, and his head was impaled on the battlements of St. Angelo. Arnold of Brescia rob bed the patrimony of St. Peter, and expelled the Popes. A few months after wards he was burned alive and his ashes scattered in the Tiber, and the Pontifi cate was again restored in the person of Adrian the Fourth. Again, there was the Emperor Otho the Great, who drove Pope John the Twelfth from the throne. He died of apoplexy. Otho of Saxony invaded the Pope's territories. France and Germany conspired against him for so doing, and drove him from his own kingdom. Frederic Barbarossa laid sacri legious hands on Rome whilst Alexander the Third was Pope. He was drowned in Cilicia, and his children were punished with the nost unheard-of misfortunes. Henry the Fifth persecuted Pope Pascal the Second, and he was severely punished. He died of pestilence a short time after wards. Frederic the Second conspired against the Pope. He was destroyed by poison, administered by his son. Philip le Bel persecuted Pope Boniface VIII. He, like the other persecutors, had a sudden death — he was killed by a fall from his horse. Bonaparte the Great took the Viceregent of Christ prisoner. From that day, the eagle of his glory which had always been accustomed to gaze on the oriflamme of victory, drooped its wing, and was ignominiously trailed through the dust like some lifeless thing. He died in exile, chained to a barren rock. Joachim Murat, in 1815, invaded the Pope's territories. He was condemned to death, and shot three months after wards. Napoleon II. received from his father the title of King of Rome. He also came to an untimely end in the Palace in Germany where Pope Pius VII. was deposed. It is already become a fact in history that Napoleon III. and his cousin were intriguing with Italy, and bartering away the Pope's dominions for Lombardy , and to overthrow the power of the Popes in Rome. The Emperor is now a des picable prisoner in the hands of the Prus sians, hated by his own nation whom he betrayed and led to slaughter, and an ob ject of hatred and derision to the Prussians, whilst the other conspirator is a vaga bond throughout all the nations of Europe. Where are Cavour, Farini, and all those who sought to rob the Popes of their earthly inheritance — they have all been brought to nought. They have had short malignant triumphs — they are all now dead, and the Church lives. Their lives were counted on the narrow scale of years, months, days, but her age is reckoned on the endless revolving circles of ages. She enjoys a perpetual spring of youth whilst her enemies and the per secutors of the Popedom are sealed up in the frozen winter of death. I have enu merated several other startling examples as I came down from age to age, and from country to country, along the mys terious path of time, of the viols of God's displeasure heing poured out upon those who dared to rob the Pope's terri tories ; but in the examples I have given the most sceptical can learn a deeply- carved lesson of the wondrous Providence of G > 1 for His Church and the glorious realization of that divine promise, "Lo I am with you all days, even to the con summation of the world." The storms of heresy and the tempests of persecution have from time to time swept over the face of the Church. At one time we see the barque of Peter lashed into fury by the unchained hurricane, and struggling with the angry billows as the? seem to bury her beneath their foaming waters ; at another she is raised on the bosom of the swollen billows until she seems to touch the very skies. Fearfully the ship rides the storm. God himself has been her Founder — the charity and the virtues of His Son are the materials from which she is formed — the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth, is the wind chat fills her sails ; T»fzvr» -le? in +.nA i>nm ivn a IJLVX U4K.J1. UOX vv 1A J.11J.XU01VU of Christ — "Go, teach all nations, &c.; , teaching them to observe all things. I have commanded you ; and, behold, I am with you all days, even to the consumma tion of the world." "The gates of hell shall not prevail against you." Her pilot is St. Peter, and his successors the Roman Pontiffs, by Divine appointment. "Peter, thou art a rock, and upon this rock I will build my Church." "Peter, when thou art converted confirm thy brethren," &c.; At another time and in other places we see this barque sailing over the wide oceans, where waters sleep in placid silence, freigh ted with the blessings of religion and civilization. But whether the Church is agitated by storms, or reposing in silence, she is ever the same — inimitable and unconquerable. She has been planted and raised up by the Master Architect of Nature to last for ever, and she shall bid defiance till the end of creation to the changes of time, the revolutions of em pires, and the combined terrors of na ture. All the nations round about Peter's Chair have grown old and died out. Corinth, Ephesus, Philippi, Carthage, Byzantium, Athens, have been for cen turies a mass of ruins — the names of these departed cities are erased from among the living while Rome flourishes in eternal youth — her armies are more numerous, stronger and better disciplined to-day than they have been in any age for the last 1,800 years. As for the Pope's personal safety there may be fears and anxieties. We know that over 30 Popes, from St. Peter down to the pre sent day have suffered exile, imprison ment, chains, and after all, the Papacy is the most ancient, the grandest and most august dynasty in Europe. We know that He who can chain the whirlwind and tame the swollen empires of the ocean, can, when He pleases, subdue the fury of the present revolution, and we know that it is equally vain to strive and attempt to bring to nought what God has built up, and no less ridiculous to suppose that the children of the Catholic Church regard that Church as a work of human policy, subject to variations and changes, or that the children of the saints could tremble before the spurious offsprings of Luther, Cranmer, and Voltaire. Amidst the scoffs and insults of Protestantism we shall cling still more closely to the Holy Pontiff. More dear to us in his exile than when surrounded by the glories of the Quirinla. Thabor we passingly admire, but Calvary and its Crucifixion we never lose sight of. So with the Pon tiff in his present sufferings, we fondly turn our hearts to him who directs our consciences, who supplies our wants, and who combats our enemies and the ene mies of God's Church with the sword of prayer. I will conclude this long letter — which has grown on me unknowing'? and eagerly — in the language of Tertul- lian and Fenelon." We are not to be feared by you (the enemies of the Church), neither do we fear ou. We are the successors of the martyrs, and we shall never tremble before the de scendants of Julian the Apostate. We are the children of the Crusaders, and we shall never yield to the sons of Luther, Cranmer, and Voltaire. I am, Sir, &c.; , INQUISITOR. 