The Prussian Educational System: TheUwinPrussiaistJiatevorytown orcommunity must mf'''''' schools supported by the taxes and administered by the local authorities, who are elected by die citzens and called Aldermen or Town Coun cilors. All parents are compelled to send their chil dren to one of these so-called elementary schools, whether (he v can pay the oharpe of apennva week in a village or a shilling per month in towns ,or not. This money goes toward maintaining the schools, and any deficiency is made up from tholocal taxes. The compulsion exists in reference to a higher educational nstetution than elementary schools ; but parents who send more than one child to any school supported by the community, have a reduction made in the charge, and a limited number of pupils, whose parents can not afford to pay Mho full rate, enjoy either this re duction are admitted entirely free, at tho discretion of the authorities. Thus the higher schools, as the commercial or colleges, are not established merely for the rich, but are opou to the poorest, the fee being about four dollars in gold a quarter — a very low price. Still, reductions are made, as before, to large families or poor persons who cannot afford to pay the full price. The Prussian schools are divided as follows : First, elementary, embracing village or town schools; second, higher citizen schools; third, real schools, or ono whore languages, arts and sciences arc taught ; fourth, seminaries, or one for training elementary schoolmasters; fifth, colleges; sixth, industrial; seventh, school of orclvitcets ; eighth, mines ; ninth, agriculture; tenth, veterinary, and eleventh, the University. Tho diflerence between the elementary schools of the villages and those of towns consists in the greater variety of subjects. In the former, reading and writing in German characters are taught, with geography and hiBtory of Germany, and the four lirst rules of arithmetic: in the latter, writing in Koman characters, general geography, history of the world, fractions, rule of three and chain rule. The higher citizen schools, adapted for the wants of tradespeople, teach mathematics, Latin, and French, to a certain extent. The real school is divided, like the colleges^ into six or seven classes, and every pupil must pass an examination before rising to another class in one subject, and to another in a higher one, bilt must in all subjects be in one and the same class. The pro ficiency ib decided by the number of errors made, and not by value of points, as in England. The last examination at the real school and college corres ponds to the University B.A. examination, but gives no right in Prussia to a degree. With this examination tho general education ends, and the study of the profession chosen by the student then commences. This B.A. examination at college alone entitles one to enter as a student at the universities ; the same test at the real school docs not give that right. Latin and Greek are more taught at the college than at the real schools, while the living languages, chemistry and natural philosophy, are the' more prevalent branches of instruction at the latter. Those who have passed the B.A. examination at the real school can afterwards go into tho industrial, schools, i.e., engineering, telegraphing, &c;, or to those of architecture, or veterinary art, or become chemists or apothecaries. Those who have passed the B.A. examination of the college can enter the mining, coal, salt, or metal offices, or go into tho post or customs departments, with the right of promotion in turn, as these appoint ments are confined to those who have passed the examination. Those who wish to study philosophy, medicine, law, philology, theology, tc, must go to tho univer sity. The English universities correspond nearly with tho German college, as any institution like the German university is unknown in England. Every German student has already passed, when entering the university, an examination equal to the English B.A., conferred only at the close of the academic course. Every student must study philosophy for one year, and pass an examination called the phi loseopiimia, after which he attends only the lectures of his parti cular branch of study. There exists a doctor's exa mination in every branch, though students of law or divinity are not compelled to pass it, while those of philosophy, philology, or medicine must do so. The doctor's diploma is the only degree conferred by the university Jmt does not give a right to practice as a medical man, for which another, called the State examination, is required. The studies of the University last about iour years, at an expense of seventy dollars a year for the lectures. No student lives in tho university, which is used solely for lectures. The universities are maintained and administered by the Government, while all the other scholastic institutions are supported by tho community, under control of Government — thus a uniform system of education is insured. Poor students can have the expense of the lectures debited to them, to be repaid when they are employed in any remunerative work. There ore likewise stipoidia, or assistance in money, attached to each university, left by charitable people for needy students, and administered according to the conditions of the will. Ko student who is able to pay can receive a stipendum, therefore no Fellow ships exist in Germany as they do in England. The teachers of the elementary schools are educated at the seminaries, to which schools are attached where they can instruct children, and are thus practically initiated into the art of teaching and of maintaining proper discipline. They are then ' certificated,' as in England. The teachers of tiie higher educational establishments are Doctors of Philosophy or Philology, and each takes only Ihat branch in which he has passed his best examination, which his certificate declares. No one can be a teacher in any public school without passing the requisite examination and possessing the necessary certificate. Private schools can only be kept by licensed and duly authorised persons ; these never give a higher education than the 'Citizen School,' and are generally merely elementary. Governesses at young ladies' schools must likewise have passed anexaminatian, without which they dar« not teach anything, except needlework or tho Ger man language to foreigners. The governesses ex amination is not confined merely to that class which has chosen teaching- as a pr-fession, but the daughters of the best famines are as proud of having passod it as their brothers are of having obtained their doctor's iegroe. The opinion in Europe in general is in favour of Prussia for education. Tempeuauce Hall. —The New Sonth Wales Alliance for the Suppression of Intemperance held their weekly lulling in the above hall last evening, Mr. A. B. Annstrong in the chair. The following speakers ad;iaessedthe meeting : -Messrs. Druce, the captain of tho missionary ship John Williams, Walker, and Knox, Till-. Sinclair. g:ivo a recitation, and Messrs. Mountcastle miit Davis sung various songs during the evening. There were about 159 persons present. Uobough or tub Glebe.- The polling toek place on Monday, the 7th instant. Mr. John KoUly was elected ulderman for the Outer Glebe ward, and Mr. 'William Munro alderman for the Bishopthorpc ward. Mr. Edmund T. Blacket was elected alderman for the Inner Glebe ward, on the day of nomination without opposition, and Messrs. J. R. Young, and A. H. C. Macafee, were elected auditors on the same day, also without opposition. / Scullers' Eace fob £50.— The match made on Saturday last, between E. Trickett and P. Coulon, came off yesterday afternoon over tiie course on the Parramatta Eiver, and resulted in a victory for Coulon. The steamer Cobra, with some 200 spectators, witnessed the race. At the time of starting it trans pired that Trickett's boat had received some injury, and a delay was consequently occasioned before the boat was repaired sufficiently to be enable it to float. The two men got off on even terms, and Trickett soon took the lead and appeared to maintain it without much difficulty. The betting being then S to 1 in his favour; the contestants had pulled nearly two miles of the course, when Trickett, who was still leading by three lengths, gave up and allowed his opponent to row the remainder of the race unopposed. Trickett was taken on board the Cobra, and was evidently much exhausted. The stakes were handed over to the winner last night. Pbince ok Wales Opera Hodse. — HcrrBandmann has been giving a fine representation of ' Hamlet ' since Saturday, to large and appreciative audiences. Great pains bad he taken to get un this play with un usual attraction?, several scenes being introduced that have not been given by any of the artists who have hitherto undertaken the pourtrayal of Shakespe:e's chef -Pcaivre. HerrBandmann's reading was a master piece of elocution; his voice is sonorous and clear, and his action splendid. He was repeatedly applauded, and called several times before the curtain to receive the usual token of the people's satisfaction. Mr. Hobkins played the Ghost with his invariable care, and Miss Kate Corcoran's Ophelia was a charming representation. Mrs. Jones played the Queen, and Mr. Holloway the King ; Mr. George Leopold taking the part of Horatio, and ilr. Andrews that of the Gravedigger. A finer representation than that given of tiie play of Hamlet, upon this occasion, was, certainly never seen in Sydney. It will be repeated during the week. 