INDUCTION OF THE REV. J. W. LAWSON. On Tuesday at noon, despite the rain, the Presbyterian Church was well filled to witness the induction of the Rev. J. W. Lawson to the pastorate. The Rev. Mr McMillan, Hamilton, preached the induction sermon from the text of the Acts of the Apostles:-"Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Ghost hath inmade you overseers to feed. the Church of. God which he hath purchased with his own blood." This text hlie treated under three heads, first the charge to thie minister towhom' was commnitted the care of all the flock, second the manner and nature of the enppoiitment, and third the duties. In the first place he argued that no minister should assuime the charge of any flock unless he was epecially called of God; and' thoen the outwvard ceremiony of appointment wasesimply i scriptural ratiti cation of the caill by the layleg on of the hisads of the presbytery. In suppoort of the allegation - that presbyterial ordination was scriptural-and that bishop aii'd lijeibyter were synonylmous ad cuivertible tdernus,'hs quoted from Timothy andother portions of the New.Testiment, and aurgued that under the Chrihtiain dispelnsatiosn ill miuistorsvere bishops or presbyters, heiuce equal in authority and powver. Under the third head 'lie showed wlhat ivwre the duties of both miniister and people. Mr M.11illa next recapitilated the history of the Port. land Churlch since the translation of Mr Kelso in the Novoember of 1868 to Pleasaint Creek ; the subseqient call of the cssngrega tioln in the May of 1889 to Mr Ballantyine, and the reason it was not prosecuted; and filallythecall to the Rev 'J. \Y. Laiwsoli, ill November last, three weeks ago sustioiiied before the liHnamilton Presbytery at Mdount Gambier, and the appointmentu by that body of the speaker as Clerk and thle Moderator, the Rev J. Mlciuberts, to induct Mr Lasw. son aits pasutor, provided no objections were raised andi sustained. He was now .pre. pared to hear iiany objectionis. After a considerable pause hlie requested the congregation to stanod, and if eatisfied with Mr Lawson, to testify the samie by holding -up the,right hand.:. Thu ,whole congregation stool up and imade the de claration, in the. lmanner.- slpecified. 'lr MclIhlin, thlen qulestioned Mr Lawesoilas to his belief in the, standards of the Pres byterian Chiurchi, and the answers' being satisfactory proiouniced the induction ser vices as tcompleted anid tlhe. Rev Johnr WVhiteutian Liewoun, as the duly authorised minister of the Portland congregation. The Rev J.' M1ltoberts next occupied the pulpit and expressed, whilst counselliing the inew pastor, the sympathy which he 'feltwitli both the minister iand the congregation.. He charged the minister to study well the Word of. God and to iumpart freely to his people the results of such study. At a period in the world's history' when nothing; not. even ministers of the Gospel, '-wivs taken on trust; it "was the duty fbf all miniisters who would advaice the cause of Christ to investigate the groumidy of:their faith, the hope that was in them, soeb thieot all times when required they might be able to defeid the faith against every adversary. The minister should show in his own life and practice an exalmple of ieekbiess, purity, anld goodnxluess; prove that hoe' is iii reality the follower of Chriast ' the - head of the Church, but that othlerwise pretences with out the heart were simply a ,mockery, 'a delusion and a ham. He iwas sorry to say that smae ministeras fromi* whon better might have .beun expected had brouglht scandal upon the Cllurch, but this in the nature of things could never be wholly avoided,' then those who elmaioned faithful should learn Iront the fall of others granter circumspoutiol, anld by rbeiewevod purity anld real do theisr best to repair the mischief dolie to Christianity. \Yhilst not followin,. the popular cries of the day the minister should by uno ieoins noegleut thaei'. The cry was for greatelr power in the plulpit, and this wvias a deladll the lchurch must attend to if milnisters iyere to keep a hold on their coungregatius. T'hisv was not a tile' for tlheologicul conltroversy. il ser mo11s when the funldalenltals of religion were assaleiled, but for practical trulths to edify aand instruct; the simple trith of Christ. as presentaled is the scriptures. From what hlie lhad hard and seen lihe .was happy to welcomme Mr Lvwsou' into the ranks as a co-presbytur, andwlas now fully in accorid with the Inelmburs, of tlhe cougregation as to the wisdom of their choice, he would commond both pastor aud people to God. .The ulinisters.liresent, and finally "ho members of the cuogregation gave the right hand of fsllo'wship to theo now pastor, and the ceremolny of the:induction closed 'with praise and prlyer. Tie ministers and 'elders after.tho in duction lunched at M1'Coeiaohy's Lamb 'In, where the healths of the Rev J. W. Lawsoon, tIle now pastor, the late pastor Rev S. Keleo, wvers duly. proposed and respunded to, aiid a very p0l5asant pro. gramme was goise thnrogh ni which tie custoemary toasts o' the Queon, u. '&o.;' were given. TEA MEmnTING. On the evouing of. Tuiesday a ten meet ing in connexion with the induction of the 11ev J. \Y Lavoen, was held in the Asseulbly . rooms, Percy-street, Mr James HIsawkins occuplying 'the oair. The room was tastefilly deoorated with flags, the Uiion Jack occupying the lplace of hoiior at the Imack of thin chnir. The tables laid out with ten services, decorated with flowers, and slirroundsd liy orowds of well-dressed sitters, had a fine elfect. The north end of the roona. raised platform ayes occupied 'y thie Cbairman, ntd the gentlemen who took lart as speakers in the proceedings. After tea; the Chairiman opened the tiro. ocelings, annolunoing that he felt ioth pride and pleasure in presiding over a conm Ipny oth numierous andl respectable., I lIe was happy to find that the welcoiei to the Roe, Mr. La wsoni was not confined to r the members of his congregationl only, so i the array oil the platform would show that 'we had representatives from all the other 1 churches, and we would speedily lhear what 1 one of the gentlcman hadto say in the name \- of the ladies of the Portland Presbyterian 1 Chureh, when presenting the gift of a pulpit t gown, Bible, hassock and psahn book to the ' Rev J. W. Lawson, the pastor whose induc ttion most of those present had witnessed this r day lie would now call on the Rev J. I MeRhoberts to represent the ladies of Port I land. (Applause.) Rev J. McRoberts said the position was Senhbarrassing, and lie could hardly be ex pected to accomplish the task hlie had unidertaken with the dignity that: the Portland ladies might expect in their'repro enitative. Imperfect as his representation of-grace, goodness, andppurity must be, he still u,,dertnk the taskr ; asaigne4 cheerfully as he considered the congregation had made a good choice in-Mrr Liwson,and rit was but proper the Portland ladies should lend their- help-to- meake his imi piortuit work as easy as possible under the circonetances. He lihad for years felt a ldeep interest in the people of Portlnid, and hbid the ionorof the private frieindship of tlhe late pastor the Rev. S. Kelso. Through his friendship with Mr Kelso le hind learned to know and esteem the people, and now he was, happy toi say. the sympathy; wits renewed. through AIr Lawsoon hom i-he trusted woull prove both zealous and earnest in carrying oi the work in the gospel for which his predecessor in the ministry had labored for ten years. In this work he hoped he would receive the best help of ,he congregation-and from thbe pupit gown, Bible, hassack and psalm book he had to present it. might be inferred that from the outset he would receive the best helpfrbioi the Portland ladies. (Applause.) Mr McRoberts then handued over the articles iand prayed thait he might uise them well in the exercise of his calling. Mr Lawson expressed his deep gratitude .to the ladies of the coigregation for the gifts which he regiirded more as oliciat gifts than for any iieritniu himself, but oni this ground be would niot regard them the less but would hold; them of still greater value in his chiaracter of a Christian minister. Overcomne as he was by the proceedings of the earlier part of' the day lie cduld not make a speech, and the ladies must take his assurance of the deepest gratitude for the gifts-and his censtant endeavour to deserve them. lIe would 'before closing express his gratitude to his brothers in the ministry, Messrs- 11.11illian and MlcRoberts to both of whom, miore particularly the litter, he felt deeply indebted, also to the geontleineis of other churches' who hbd honored tthe occasion with their presence. (Applause.) ..The Rev. AIr lMeMillan next addressed the meeting and said from his experience of the colonies there were few places to be enimupared to Portland, and he must con gratulate Mr Lawson heartily, not ionily on his hppointment but the manne'r in whidib -the ladies of the congregation had come forward to assist -him 'in his labours. He iiiderstood that the church was finiancially ,clear, and the present prosperous coaditiohi. spoke well for the energy of the late minis ter and the completoe organisation of the commiittee. There was only one point required to make both AIr LIawson aniid the people of his 'euongregation perfectly happy and that was a wife. (Roars of laughter.) --And as the ladies had already furnished him with so. much, he had lno ldoubt they 'would complelte"the teork by furnishing hint with a wife. (Great ap iplause.) ,-. ,..: The Rev.A Mr Alluutt did not attend the lmeeting suo imuoh tin -tlhe4charioter ,ifli speaker as a guest. Was present at the induction services and thought; bhey were ieculiarly seleimn. He felt a deeper in terest iii rI. Lawson probably an the ground thit the circuimstaiiida coiineiitd withli his I.Prtland call sassewhat resembled his owvn. Fur both the prospect at present appeared clieering, but seinetimes the brighest pros. pcts pirove delusive, aid the nien' who ihad at first started with imany followers had iften enided with few or oune. But as lie did nat intelnd to sermosise he would turn to a brighter s'ubject'andd from -his ownu exp'ierience wouldl advise the newvly settled pastor to speedily' got marriod. I (Great Laoghter.)- In aooompliushing this desirable object lie hoped- hewould not be so uifortunate as the man, his arm ii' a sling, thati one timee' appliid to thei speaker at Daylesford to perform. for hbin . a that interestinmm' ceremloiy. 'Hie, 'Mr Ailnutt, ippoinmed 7 a.m. of a wiuter's i morning for the marriage ceremony, and at the tins named the poor little bride almost frozen to death arrived:with the < party. Took her into the parsonage and i admniusistered hot oelfee, and whon she a was auicieouttly restored conunomiced thei muirriage service; thie oliisrch olerk, he'i might explain, wai a black men. (Lsuhiter.) \Yhen the slieoker arrivel i at' the part:--" If you kiuuw any just I osuse why i:e," the euppsod groioimi in a remarkably excited voice shout. c ed," Slop I Stop," lI'I the wrong mna."n" (Shouts of laughter.) ''hie surprise of the minister can be iisore readily iiiiagined I than lescribed, and the fun of ths whnole a was inrenisiied, when one of the party, a iii true colon.al style, puttiing his haisd to c mouth addressed another with tboht phurtinent remark:-" .hy word that's a i near shave." (Loud laughter.) Thie speaker hoped uothiing so uefortunate I would ever happen his Iriiad Mr Lawson, : to whorm he wis proud to extend thei right hand of fellowship. '(Applause.) I The Roe J. Powell followed in a spoooil welo ruing Ur Lswso, as a friend anld brother in this ministry, and thuen the Rev J. Ii. Brennand in an allegory of groat beaouty shlowed the vast impolrtances of the Chri'tinn inuister's mission as cotmpared with the mioro worldly labours of the merchant, the warrior, the historian, and the poet, but, want of space precludce a full roport, The lev J. Mdaltoberte on the oall of theo Chairman moved a voteto of thanks to the nladies who provided the too, to which the Rev Mr Lawson responded. SDIr MloMillan responded to the vote of the clergymen present, proposed by Mr Lawson. Mir Thurman responded to a vote of thanks to the ohurch committee. and iMr Hawkins to the vote of the Chairman, when tile meeting about 10 p.m. olosed with the doxology. 