THE COUNCIL AND THE PRESS. The following letter on the subject of the Council and the Press appears in the Tablet of the 29th January: — Sir — Having returned this week from Rome, it may perhaps be not uninteresting to your readers to hear my impression of what is taking place there at this moment. I suppose your readers are not likely to attach any importance to the incoherent rhapsodies of the newspaper corre spondents, but it may still be worth while to say that a more complete, and even ludicrous, contrast can hardly be imagined than that pre sented by Rome as it is during the session of the Council, and the imaginings of the correspondents, Putting aside the hash they one and all make of the Conciliar sayings and doings, the utter entanglement and mess in which they flounder out of one misstatement into another ; there is a feverish, melodramatic, ranting quality in the Roman Correspondence, which is the very oppo site to the tone of all who have to do with the Council. After a long morning in St. Peter's, beginning with the Mass of the Holy Ghost and the recital of the sublime prayer, u Adsnmus Dominef &o.;, the Fathers may be seen returning as they came, with peace, concord, and serenity in their looks a9 in their hearts, to their homes to ponder over the subjects which have been before them, and to consult with their theologians in the quiet lodging or secluded cloister. Those who are present at the Sessions are of course only able to give us the general assurance that in the Council the Spirit of Truth, whom we as Catholics know reigns there, is manifest in all His most blessed fruits of benignity, mutual love, and forbearance and courtesy ; and that as per fect liberty of expression is allowed, so also a singular modesty and reserve in the use of that liberty are the main characteristics of this vene rable assemblage. But without any pretence to special sources for knowing that such is the case, the bearing and appearance of the Fathers outside the Council are quite evidence enough to those who care to receive it, that the violent debates, sharp sparring, and strife of words, noisy inter ruptions, arbitrary control and headstrong oppo sitions which the news-writers so plentifully ascribe to the Bishops, exist only in the inte rior consciousness of the writers. Poor fellows 1 it is indeed a hard lot to have to furnish bricks without straw to bind or even clay to mould. The daily tale must be made, and so from early morn tili dewy eve, at breakfast, in the reading- room, full of stale Galignanis and hungry scribes, on the steps of churches, in forum, and museum, aud gallery, in barbers' shops, and artists studios, their eyes and ears are open to see what is not and to bear what .may be j and on the slender foundation that Bishop A. was seen in a carriage with Cardinal B., or that Archbishop C. left two cards at Palazza D., is founded a column cr two of stuff entirely undeniable because utterly incomprehensible. After nearly two months' stay in Rome, and frequenting a great number of chief salons, in which the Roman and foreign society meet and entertain the lay and clerical celebrities now in the Eternal City, I have come away with the intimate con viction that on the great doctrinal question which our papers tell us divides the Council into factions, there is an absolute unity of opinion among the Fathers, while on the subsi diary one of the opportuneness of defining that doctrine, a divergence of opinion exists which has not a shadow of bad -will or of the spirit of opposition, and which serves only to set lorth more distinctly the entire freedom with which all the Fathers enter the Council, and will enjoy as long as it continues to sit. When I say there is this divergence, I am only saying what 3 sup pose a great many of us feel in ourselves. There are moments when the thought of a great many persons who, though Catholics, are accustomed entirely to take their views of things in general ' from the non-Cathdlic and anti-Catholic sources, rises up in our minis, and we think with certain apprehension of what they may say or even do, when the living voice of the Church speaks again in their ears, and does not harmonise with their " liberal" ideas ; and yet, on the other hand, we feel that the very fact that there are such Catholics is one of the strongest reasons for the present gathering of the Council, and for its utterance on the great question of the where abouts of the Church's Infallibility. What moves us, laymen or clergymen, within ourselves, must therefore surely move the Fathers also, who, as such, feel for their flocks as Fathers only can feel, and must sway them with a great anxiety. But this cannot even be suffered to take the form of mistrust as to the ultimate result of the deliberations. Both as witnesses of the faith of Catholics in their respective widely- sundered dioceses in either hemisphere, and as judges together with Christ's Vicar, whose it is to moderate and to confirm the faith of his brethren, the Bishops know that the Holy Ghost is in the midst of them, and all the phraseology of secular assemblies and of human passions and interests is utterly out of place and utterly unknown in their hearts and mouths. You will perhaps say that thi9 statement con tains but little. On the other hand; your readers must be aware that as Fathers .and all the officials of the Council are held to secrecy by their oath, any pretended communications as to what passes in the Council itself are self- condemned, and it is only by keeping this fact steadily in view that they will he able to wat.e through the sea of malice and twaddle, brimstone and treacle, which flows and ebbs day and night in the English press with a dreary sameness, without some kind of fear or irritation. I sum up my Roman news then in two words. First, all is going forward with a majestic calm and peace such as the world cannot imitate or even imagine. Second, not one word of truth is to be found not even in the Roman correspondence of the whole tribe of English newspapers, from Jupiter to Saturn inclusive.— I am, Sir, yQBr obedient servant, Q,. London, June 20. A Scotch Definition of "Bunkum. "—The Mowing droll extract is from a report m the Scotsman of a debate on education m the Edinburgh Town Council: — Bailie Miller — I rise to speaKdo order. I have heard maoy arguments against parties in this Council for excluding the . Biwe from the schools. I have not heard a single member of the n.anv who have spoken to-day hint in the most dis tant manner at any such thing, and fhat argument appears to me to be a kind of bunkum. Mr. Mog- Bunkum. Withdraw the word bunkum. (Laughter.) I stand upon it that the word bunkum must be with drawn. The Lord Provost— What does it mean? Mr. Hope— It is some kind of abomination. Bailie Miller— If the word I unfortunately used has given offence to anybody 1 withdraw it at once. 