MR. COMMISSION ki CLARKE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER, lipiS Sin,?Any constant readers the Queensland newspapers must by this the be pretty well acquainted with this of III cr I have lately perused some correspondence > both in your own and other journals, which i anything but fair. In the first place, it strikes me that newspaper correspondents, in dealing with a public- paid (errant, should scrupulously adhere to the truth, as both his position and prospects are at stake. A correspondent in the Courier of May 10, under the ti nature of " John Kelley' has departed; on this course, perhaps unintentionally,''-* r through being misinformed. To be contain tally brought con- spicuously before the pub): I must be a most unpleasant thing, and morejartioularly so as in Mr. Clarke's case; where there is substantially no right of reply. As op Commissioner Mr. Clarke's tongue is tied and his pen paralysed. I have been, Mr. Editor, a resident upon this gold-field during the greater portion of the time Mr. Clarke has held office, and have been constantly thrown in his way in matters of busi noBt which had to be transacted through his department, In court and out of court I have failed to discover any reason for the wholesale way in which he has been assailed, and I therefore feel that erroneous statements should not go under. tradicted. I will not trouble you further, but will at once proceed with Mr. Kelley, your correspondent. Without denying the accuracy of Mr. Kelley's statement with reference to this being the best gold-field in the colony? leaving him to the enjoyment of his own opinions come to his first cause of complaint. As a prelude to his attack upon Mr. Clarke, who assails that gentleman's honesty of purpose in administering the law. He says by inuendo that his defective and mnladmiiiistrativoaots have driven capital and open competition from the field, to give place to rowdyism and penury. Now, Sir, the absence of capital from this field is attributable several causes. The people of Brisbane have never received a penny dividend out of dozens of speculations they entered into here; they have been swindled of their money by specious and lying statements, and they are very justly thoroughly, sick of the place. As for obtaining capital from the neighboring colonies, there is not the ghost of a chance of obtaining assistance from them. Both Victoria and New South Wales are kept pretty well posted up, and in consequence two or three schemes which were going to be floated in the Ballarat market were blocked before the actors had an opportunity of even making a first appearance. Mr. Clarke was certainly not the cause of this catastrophe. The registration of claims upon the Imbil rush, and so soon after its opening, did, at the first blush,ccrtainlyappoarstrango,and excited a good deal of conflicting opinion, and was to my mind an ill-advised step ; but the causes being ascer- tained namely, continuous rain and want of provisions, tools, and money by the miners? explained all. But, Sir, the prosperity of the gold-field is not the real stimulus, I fear, which has actuated Mr. Kelley. Ho, without further parley, comes to the real casus belli. After stating that capital has fled from Imbil" there was never any more, or required, the sinking being at the deepest 35 feet), he goes on to say that in the case of Boyle v. Kitt and others, Mr. - Clarke's comment was con desirable on the ground that he had partaken of a glass of wine, or some refreshment in the some house or in the same company, with the defendants, and that he went ed with the utmost contempt the address of the attorney for the plaintiff'. Now, Sir, I do not know whether Mr. Clarke takes a glass of grog after sitting in court for many hours ; most men do do. I did on that occasion. I think on that particular occasion 1 drank by myself, as I was busily engaged. The last statement is utterly false, the attorney for the "jumpers" either had no defence, or of misrule said he intended to reserve it for the Supreme Court, as it was the intention of the jumpers to appeal. Well, they have appealed, and they have jumped; let them jump against hope they will jump the wrong way. If any one thing more than another tends to the re-introduction of capital it is "jumping another word for thieving. You are perhaps aware, Mr. Editor, that of late this has become quite a profession, in which all, lawyers included, go in to win and divide.? Yours, to. 