GHOSTS. [A correspondent sends us (Brisbane Courier) the following, and vouches for the accuracy of the statement of facts therein contained.] Allow me to introduce the dramatis persons : -Myself, a youth of twenty summers, an utter disbeliever in ghosts ; Mr. H., a gentleman in business in Sydney ; Mrs. H., wife of same, a stern, decided, educated woman ; Miss as- sister of Mr. H., an old maid, any forty years old, much given to Beethoven *. sonatas performed with much vigor and no feeling upon a" pianoforte ; Sophie B., only daughter of the before mentioned Mrs. H. by a former husband, ' a handsome, educated, engaging, intelligent girl, same age as myself ; I will call myself James, and say I am the promised husband of Sophie.' It was on the 23rd of April, 1866, St. George's day, when the statue of " Albert the Good, in Hyde Park, Sydney, was unveiled in presence of a large concourse of people, with the volunteers, military, firemen, and friendly societies all drawn up in order around. And here I' must mention that Miss H., the maiden lady before mentioned, had left Sydney a few days before in one of the White Star line of ships for London. We that is all the persons described, except Miss H. had been to see the statue unveiled and had returned to Mr. H.'s residence in one of the loveliest suburbs of Sydney, and after a pleasant evening with my betrothed, I departed" for my father's house about 10 o'clock, and; after my usual pipe with the " paternal" retired to rest. It was my habit to call for Mr. H. on my way to business, and to walk with him into the city. On the next morning, April 24th, 1860, -I am particular about dates-I called as usual, and while waiting for Mr. H., Sophie came into the sitting-room, and after our usual morning' salute she said, " Oh, James, such a curious thing happened me last evening after you left. I' was sitting on the settee where you left me, and I must have fallen into a sort of dream. I' fancied you had not gone, but were still sitting beside me, when we both (as I thought) dia timely heard my aunt's (Miss H.) steps coming down the stairs, (Here I must mention a peculiarity in Miss H.'s stop-she always came down stairs stepping as it were one foot heavier than the other. I thought I said to you,' ' There is aunt's step on the stairs. You laughed at me, considering my aunt is now some distance on her voyage ; but still we heard the, stop coming along the hall. It stopped at the' door, and you immediately rose to open it. I' shall never forgot your look when you saw absolutely as I did Miss H. standing at the door. You looked perfectly aghast. I thought my aunt advanced towards me, and said twice, in her usual voice, but very reproachfully, ' Why did you not tell me my mother was dead V After' these words she retraced her steps, and we heard j her as I thought retire to her room." I Of course I laughed at Sophie for her dream, as I called it, but she persisted in taking a note' of the day and hour. Three months after, a letter arrived from England, stating that old' Mrs. H.-that is, Mr. H.'s mother-had died' on the 23rd of April, at a quarter-past 10 p.m. Thus ends my chapter on Ghosts. It only con- firms many instances of a similar nature described in the first volume of " All the Year Round." I will make no comment. You can give my name to anyone wishing confirmation of the above. I leave it to yourself. a 