UTAH AND KANSAS. Bt a South Australian. More than onco we have been able to present sketches of the Great Western Land, as con veyed in letters t9 friends here, by a former colonist of South Australia, who left this rro fmce a year or so ago. Not many months back be traversed the Salt Lake Valley, and in tho mnexed extracts we give his impressions of the Mormons and Mormonism; also glances at the territory of Kansas. Tho writer, who sends the present communication from Loavonworth, Kansas, commences by assuring those with whom he corresponds that ho cannot tone down his previous descriptions of the natural features of the country, or his estimate of tho climate, and defends himself from the least imputation of having exaggerated either tho virtues or vices Df the people he has mot. Ho proceeds: — '?'I have been puzzling my brains to remember what it was that taxed y«ur credulity so much, and have come to the conclusion that I have written nothing whatever but the plain truth — upon no occasion drawn upon my imagination, or too highly- coloured any statements. If I have committed any error it has been quito in tho opposite direction. If I ?were to give an outline of what I have seen and heard since landing in this land of wonders I should have to make many statements far more strange and wonderful than any yet mado. No person can form anything like a correct idea of tht3 country or its people unless they have boon horo. The more I see of tho country and the people the more am I convinced that there is no country upon earth like it; and as to tho people, why, the world nover saw such a strange mass of humanity collected togother as is to be found in the United States to-day, nor were there ever stranger developments of human nature than are seen here, ?whether you refer to the political, social, or moral condition of the people. Why, look at the community of free lovers at Oneida, in the State of New York, where the sexes live together like the beasts of the forests, selectiug one to-day and another to-morrow, and so on from one year to another. This in one of the richest and most powerful States in the Union, and surrounded by the free and enlightened citizens of that leading State ! No other civi lized nation upon earth would tolorate such an abomination in their midst. This is no small affair, but a large community with factories, farms, workshops, with a regular organization owning property worth millicna. Again, thore is the Salt Lake, another foul disgrace, a dark, black spot, where every kind of vice and wicked ness reigns ; but the day of retribution is at band. You may expect to hear a good deal about them before long, as it is the intention of the Government to break up that nest. Ono of old Brigham Young's Danites, or destroying angels, mado a deathbed confession a few weeks ago that he had murdered 400 persons while employed by the Mormon Church for that express purpose. It was and is still the practice of that Church to destroy all who attempt to leave them, or in any way attempt to expose then* vflo actions, or question old Brigham's right to rule. Salt Lake City is one of the most beautiful in America ; great care is taken to make and keep it clean and pleasant. On the side of all mam streets runs a stream of pure, clear water, which decends from the mountains with which tho place ia surrounded. Some streets have a stream on both sides. All private residences are built in a uniform manner at one distance back from tho street, and all are compelled to keep up a n«at trim little garden in front.- These are irrigated from the streams in the streets, causing them to yield flowers, shrubs, and fruits in rich abundance. This Mormon community forms one of the worst despotisms on a small scale that the world has ever seen, and old Brigham is one of the shrewdest, craftiest, cruellest tyrants who ever lived. It does seem straage that euch a numbor of people should submit to be robbed, oppressed, and murdered in the manner they are by suoll an old sinner. By his robbery and oppression he has made himsoU one of the richest, if not the very richest man in the United States, and tho second largest private depositor in tho Bank of England. He owns nearly all the best and most profitable property in Utah— his herds of cattla and hor&es; are immense. Wives do not live all together in the house with tho men, but each has a littlo cottago for herself, so that any one can tell how many wives a particular person has. without asking, by the number of huts around the house. The number of wives each one has ' is regulated by Brigham and his Bishops, and if a man with half a dozen wants tho seventh he is obliged to get permission from head-quarters before he can take her. If this permission U obtained the woman dare not refuse, aud on the other hand if Brigham orders a man — a thing he often does— to take another wife ho is oonx pelled to do so whether ho wants her or not. To refuse is to endangor his life. Iaberty,of speech is a tfiing utterly unknown, as no one is safe for a moment if he says anything against the doings of the Church, and everything id regulated by the Church, even to tho price of all articles bought and sold. A tenth part of everything goes to the Church— or rather, into Brigham's pocket. I could tell you much more about this nest of vermin, but forbear lest I should tax your faith too much. Tho weather is very changeable. On Saturday the ground was covered several inches deep with snow, with sharp frost during the early part of tho night. Sunday morning it rained up to noon, when it began to snow and freeze. Tho afternoon and evening are bitterly cold— the coldest we have had this winter. We often have all sorts of weather in a fow hours. My stay in Leaven worth will be very short, as I intend to visit several other parts as soon as possible, including California and Oregon.' The writer, in a gossipy way, refers to other matters, and then says that he purposes passing through tho Salt Lake Valley, over tho Rocky Mountains, through California, then taking a trip of 800 miles by sea from San Francisco to Northland, in Oregon. Ho expects to travel yet 12,000 to 15,000 miles in his tour through that vast continent. ' In a later letter ho remarks upon political and other affairs thus: — 'There has beou no period in this country's history when gravor issues have had to be settled. Congress ha3 before it the questions of taxation, retronch mcfct, finance, tariffs, and of the reconstruction of the Kebel States. Taxation is a most for midable question to grapplo with ; but it must bo met, as tho whole country 13 literally groan ing under its heavy burden. Trade is seriously crippled by it — everything ia taxed and boars a revenue stamp upon it, from a box of matches upwards ; but how to reduce taxation with tho present fearful national debt rostiug upon tho country is what no statesman in tho land can tee his way clear to do without endangering the whole political fabric. Talk of retrenchment in the face of such vast numbers of hungry office seekers and political blood-suckors, who throng the whole country, aud, Hko tho horso- looch, are constantly crying give, give. To attempt anything more than has already boon dona m that lino would bo next to madness. But tho reconstruction of the late Robol or former Slavo StateB will prove tho most difficult of all— in fact, it is the question of all questions just now how to adjust and arrange tho shattered and disjointed political elements; and unless groat wisdom and prudonco, combined with firmness, is used this great Republic will yet bo split in two. At present tho two parties, represented by Butler aud Sumner on one side, and Bingham andTrumbull on the othor, are in hot anta gonism in the House and Senate. If tho present state of things means anything, it means separation, and if it ends in anything it will bo in division. The wholo of the former Slavo States are in fooling and sentiment aa much in rebellion as they were at any time during the late war; and if there was a ghost of a chance for thorn to set up a Government of their own independent of the Federal they would split off to-morrow. Tboy only submit now because overpowered by money and num bers. But this Btato of things is changing fast, and, like people recovering from sickness, they feel their strength increasing every day. They may ratify and adopt the 15th amendment, and again be clothed with all their civil and political rights, and every Stato be fully represented in Congress, but that will not make them a loyal people. The history of tho world is full of instances in which a pooplo kept down by forco is a dangerous element to tho safety of'thoao who rule over them. I shall not be saying too much if I say that the wholo political elements are heavily surcharged with oloctricity. Tho rumbling thunders of party strife are heard evou now, and at any time it may break out into a fearful storm, carrying misery and suffering, and even destruction and death in its track.' . . . ' It is likely that aline of steamships will be started between Australia and San Fraucisoo, opening up a route via the Pacific Railway to Portland in the Stato of Maine, then by steam ship to Milford Haven in Walos. By this route you will be able to reach London in about 40 days, and pass right through tho United States from west to east, crossing over the Rocky Mountains, through the great Salt Lake Valley, along the shores of some of tho great lakes, through Western Canada, and, if you like, closo past Niagara Falls, thus forming ono of tho pleasantcst routes of travel in tho world. Como along when you arc ready.' Dipsomania. — Constantly supplying peoplo who cannot control tbeir proponsity for drinking stimulants and somnolents cannot be too severely condemned. In every town of nny size thore are wrecks whose complote breaking-up is tracoable to this iniquitous practice. Here is from a Victorian paper a caso in point: — 'Qoorgo Spurting, a licensed victualler in Barnard-street, Sandhurst, sued William Banuerman for £22 5s. 6d., value of liquor supplied. Defendant was at one time one of the most influential men on ^ Sandhurst. Evidence was given for tho plaintiff that the goods were supplied to defen dant's order, cither personally or by his ser vants, and were mostly delivered at his houso, frequently by plaintiff himself. For the defence it was contended that defendant was in such a deplorable condition of mind and body that he was not capable of transacting ordinary businnss. Allen Reeve, who held a power of attorney to transact defendant's business, said that plaintiff had beon told he was killing de fendant by inches by supplying him with liquor, and was cautioned if he continued to do so he would not be paid, but plaintiff continuod supplying all tho sarao. Dr. Macgillivray, an intimate friend of defendant's, doposed that de fendant's mind and body were shattorod from long-continued drinking ; ho appeared to havo an uncontrollable propensity to drink, and to supply it as plaintiff had done was slowly and surely poisoning him. Judge Macoboy con sidered that plaintiff's conduct had a direct tendency to shorten defendant's lifo, and that this slow poisoning ought to be treated as a crime, and he gave a verdict for defendant, with costs.' Why is Canada like courtship ? Because it borders on the United States. 'Biddy,' Baid a lady to her servant, 'I wish you would step over and fee how old Mrs. Jonet is this morning.'* In a feir minutes Biddy returned with the information that Mrt. Jones was just seventy-two years, seven months, and two days old. A lady had a custom of saying to a favourite little dog to make him follow her, 'Come along. Sir.' A would-be wit stepped op to her one day, and accosted her with, 'Ia it me, madam, you called T 'Oh, no, Sir,' said the ady, ' it was another puppy I spoke to.' 