I icmPHlHP'® WOOING. br badington White. I (FROM THE BEWRAY^ iXBVUu.) (FBOM ins. ~ "WeIJ,.sin'al>. what is your news of the I house to which 1 directed yoa f" asked Sir Philip stanmore of his servant, as that worthy entered the baronet s lodging, flashed and huriiBd walking. •< js enterca hurried wanting. « ^adylthe play laSt m S?wSi'idy of a wealthy gentleman "Sheis th0 pj,iiip," answered the ^^CteSumphrey Murdyke." .. valft »jg Mardyke, as I live! exclaimed fhg b&root;'k # , 'v°ar fellow' a* cousin I never met, but TWweU enough 20 years ffh01 hive little cause to love this Humphrey Itiiw for he inherited a fine old place in *r vSahire which, but for his existence, ?SStoSf2mStte- Andsothat lovely "T.mr cousin Humphrey's wife! I saw fr in? a few minutes, when she removed »er ■ „v far coolness: but I swear I am over MdSrs in love with her. Never did I tf upon a fairer faee; Did you ask all thetj FhiHpTI contrived to scrape ftc Lntence with Master Mardyke's servant, ^nntrffellow. The house is only a Iodg !fl«Wtb.e»tlen.»n£rfcb. Th., ^ few visitors, and have been only six ""OoodT^w^ call nP°n "y con8ltt this ttTthe libertine Oonrt of Charles Stuart frere were few men more deeply dyed in sin SlnPhilip Stanmore. He had begun life with Wad vantage, but had wasted hiesubstance Zm the most profligate men of the day, id now lived chiefly by his profits at the «mine table, and by the victimisation of Ennser men fresh from the provinces, who, i their ignorance of Court and town, regarded he accomplished baronet as the arbiter of and fashion. He bad spent a handsome fortune and vet had the reputation of the Uith he had wasted. At thirty-seven years fagebe had learned the sharper's wisdom, nd tried to hoodwink his friends and ditois as to the real state of his purse. Sir • uilip had never married; but the time had tow come in which he felt the necessity of jje ■ happy stroke in the matrimonial itat He was still an eminently hand-1 man, and on the strength ' of ..caaonal epigram and a few graceful ,e songs modelled upon the verses of Lord Chester, and popular among the beauties | i the Court, he enjoyed the reputation of a i fpretty wit and poet Trading upon these j , it must go hard with him if he had to fascinate some .wealthy maid or But in the meantitoe Sir Philip was _eut an admirer of beethtyas to be won je first glance of a lovely face, and so i a believer in his own powers of conquest ■ he fancied he had only to secure access ie fair stranger whose charms had at Kted -fais bold roving gare in the crowded ijhwse in order to obtaip her good graces, i snrprise on finding the name of the F was very great, and pot altogether un issnt. ■ ■ i. . , , [ "Humphrey Matdyfce." he muttered, as he id the room to and fro when his servant I left him, " Humphrey Mardyke, that Broth favourite of fortune, whom my rich ~it chose 46i his heir forlove of -a woman chad jilted him to marry 'the lad's father 1 futhere ever such a reason for favouritism? < so that lovely creature is the wife of my mtry cousin,—a woman born to adorn a rat. I will call upon these newiy-found pons without an hour'e delay." he baronet put on his plumed hat, and u paused to, contetnpilatbhimself though t iSjyin the glass beforelehringhfa'lcdgirigs. Ihecrotr's feet begin to show, Phil, " he u ^5?^f * " *^8' fi®c thou wer't pro- ■ wtotbe holy state of matrimony, conldst i out find an Object worthy so great a * I He strolled slowly down the staircase an use out into the street, where he gave man lawless greeting to acquaintances as h ■Bens way to the neighbourhood of Covet Intel, w wluch locaUty his kinsman's lodi ipwas situated. Mrfw Mardyke was out, the servant tol in,tethis lady was within, arid alone. ■ wmS1^?8 wis<? displeased to aval PPI^^ty. • He bade th ,hu toame' -»nd followed a V1® Mney'e heeis thatMistres fcinhla 2 r®e decline his visit. ftS^hhnself with a perf™gra lady at her ease. T] ^ caught Iris attention SiTrt.«Tar^^0.him 8fcU1 moree lh rfnSrS? . of day, and t PttOiJltFOf IDftfltlAP wlilek .aw.Lid.J RouSrif'0' ®B^which^5fiti fcloX ^ ^prorindal rearing seemed ^mCAfe^aaigh; " japwM ss» ? \ all^hw, ^ ,F<w to « all the dissipations of his cousin's profligate existence: while Constance had fallen into a fatal habit of making comparisons between her husband's countrybred plainness of speech and manner and the subtle charm of Sir Philip St&tmore;'s discourse, which flattered without seeming to flatter. She would have recoiled with horror from the idea that this man was more to her than an acquaint* ance should be .to a married woman, pet she found the hours between his visits long and heavy; and as the fame drew near for the return to Warwickshire, she looked forward With supreme dislike to the dullness of her country home. The time came at last, however, when the return journey could no longer be delayed. The London visit had cost Humphrey a year's income: for he had lost considerable sums to Sir Philip, at cards, and had paid heavv vcuuo, una naa Daid daaw lA^sasaj" ssas^iffljfi BSTBtMaiMSMifc ■^?i2saaa^tf!fa*s s It was in vain that Sir Philip entreated his consul to remain in London. The hunting olwtinate^ ose ^and, aQd Humphrey was ^Youmimtspend your Christmas at Holm wood, Philip, he said cordially; but Con stance aid not second the invitation. She Kite^I,SXS'rhtrep1,b*rallete*", He made the answer a doubtful one. He had so many invitations for Christmas; but. if possible, would spend a few nights at his cousin s house. ^ should like to see Holm wood once more, he said. " I was there when a boy, and well remember the fine old place, which my father was foolish enough to toll me might be my own some day. Do not think I envy your ownership, Humphrey. You make a better squire than 1 should have done." . With this they parted; with much cordiality between toe two men—with, a reserve that was almost coldness on the part of Constance. Her hand trembled faintly as she gave it to Sir Philip, and the one piercing glance which he shot into her eyes as she raised them timidly to his facfi. told him that his tactics had boon successful. He had, played his cards with supreme.caution, taking care that no word of his should offend the wife's modesty, or give . her an eaase for r banishing him from her presence. By every assudious attention he had madehis friendship valuable to her, and he trusted to the future to recompense him for the tronble he had taken, , Christmas drew near, after an interval that had seemed bleak and dreary to Constance Mmdyke, fair as was the home to which she1 and her husband returned when they left London. To Humphrey the antumn months had brought pleasant occupation; and he fancied the simple course of their country life muat needs be as agreeable to Constance as it was to himself; especially as ahe made no complaint of the dulness of her existence, and, indeed, contrived tb assume an air of gaiety in bis presence which beguiled him into a complete belief in her happiness. She was no skilled hypocrite, but a secret con sciousness of her own wicked folly had taught her artifice.' The pain of parting with Philip Stanmore bad' awakened her to the shame fill truth. It was not as a common acquain tance tljat she had learned to take pleasure in his 8oristy. Unconsciously she had allowed his influence to become paramount in her mind,'lo the utter destruction of her happi ness. : LAs Christmas approached) she was tortured by suspense, now hoping for his coming, now graying that he would not come. "What good can arise frbm his visit?" ahe asked herself : " the place will seem ohly drearier whenne is gone." : Butbowevershe might argue with herself, tbe.8ecret feeling of her heart was an ardent desire tb see Philip' Stanmore again; and when his horse galloped np to the gotbic porch of Holm wood House one fine December afternoon, it seemed to her as if dulness and sorrow vanished before the coming of that expected guest. , He came quite alone, unattended by his servant, who knew a little too much of his master's life to be safely trusted in a country house, where his tongue might have been fatally busy, to the baronet's detriment. ; Sir Philip was not a hunting man, and his mornings were given wholly to the society of his hostess. Humphrey had a perfect confi dence in his wife, and knew no thought of jealousy. The baronet was, moreover, 10 years his 'senior, and the simple country gen tleman had no idea of the insidious power kbat lurks in the conversation of an accom plished courtier arid'diplomatist Left thus to their own resources, it was not long before the acquaintance between Sir PhiUp Stanmore and Constance Mardyke ripened into something more than friendship. Sir Philip knew himself to be beloved, and after a prudential delay ventured to reveal his own hopeless passion. The avowal came when his victims entanglement made her too weak even to.assume indignatiop, and Bhe could only implore him to be silent and tb leave her. . " It was an evil hour in which we met," she said. " You know not how much 1 owe my husband for his disinterested affection. I was a penniless girl when he chose me for bis wife, and from that hour to this have known nothing but Hie most indulgent kind ness from hishonds." i Sir Philip responded to this speech by a lamentation of jhis own unworthiness, and an expression of his warm regard for Hum phrey1. He pretended that his avowal had esoaped him against his own will, and pro imploringly. " Your friendship is more to me suta the love of other women. Trust me, Couehihce, and I trill try to prove myself trortfcy of tha^ friendship. ! Reassured by tills declaration, Constance no longer urged the cnytaQfneut.of Sir Philip's fisit, nor did he again 'offend her by any " noons to his guilty passion. The days afcjj rapfdly in the dangerous pleasure of society, while the evenings were rendered —it to him by games at cards, in whicv UVtOU/ IUBHV 'UMJJf PVU1U »fford to lose, and lost with grace, little knowing how welcome his was route empty pockets of his elegant man. The simple-minded country gentle-, had[ a perfect belief in his cousin s friend and gave him his ontire confidence upon j m anMaaf 9 said once, when Sir Philip had tafiatmghim on bis good fortune, BW finer estates than Holm wood; anything happen to me in the id, my widow will be one of the « women in the ooonttyp" • S5\5W<SE!ds6,,"ob"eMlt rmade it a month after my marriage. A Ing man had need to be prepared Mr (he f i-rr'g— worst. In default ofa sort, my wife will inherit every acre and every sixpence I Sir Philip bad been artfully leading the conversation to; this point. Much as he ad mired, nay, after his own fashion, loved Con stance Mardyke, it was far from his thoughts to encumber himBelf with a runaway wife, a penniless woman whose dishonored career would be a burden to himself in the future. Vety different would be his prospects should some accident!remove the ownerof Holm wood from his pathway. > Once assured that the estate was secure to Constance-in the event of her > husband's death, Sir Philip gave himself up to guilty dreams andiguilty. > wishes; and if a wish coula have killed . Humphrey Mardyke, that gentle man > would not have had long to live. * With Christmas came other guests to Holm wood—Constance Mardyke's father, a grey haired country parson; a aquire.and his wife, with a couple of pretty girls, from their home some 540 miles' distance ; and a young man called Basil Hungerford, a bachelor cousin of Humphrey's. To these guests Sir Philip con trived to make himself infinitely agreeable ; and the festival season passed with mucb mirth and joviality on the part of all except the hostess, whose guilty Conscience weighed heavily upon her in the midst of these simple domestic pleasures. On New Year's Day there was to be a great meet and hunting breakfast at a market town 30 miles from Holmwood, and Humphrey Mardyke had given his promise to be present at the public breakfast, as well as in the hunting field. This^would oblige him to leave home on the previous day; and on hearing' this, Sir Philip declared his intention to depart at the same time. "1 came here from Lord Scarsdale's," he said. " His place is but 15 miles distant, as yon know, and my road will lie with yours for 10 miles of the way. We can go together, cousin. I promised Scarsdale to return long before this ; but you have made my visit so agreeable, it is herd to tdar myself away." Sir Philip and his host set out together on the appointed morning, accompanied by Basil Hungerford. Constance came to the pprch to bid ber husband and guests good-bye. She was looking paler than usual, and, strangely care worn, as it seemed to her husband, who looked at her anxiously as he bent down from his saddle to give her his farewell kiss. 'Why, you areas pale as a ghost, my dar ling,' he said; " what is amiss ?" She assured him, in hurried accents, .that" there was nothing amiss; she was only a little tired. Sir Philip Stanmore was the last to bid her good-bye, and as he did so he contrived to slip abetter secretly into her hand. Had she been inclined to reject the missive, she could not have done so: but she had, indeed, little inclination to decline this first letter which she had ever received from him. As the horses galloped away down the avenue lead ing to the park gates, she hurried to her room' to read the baronet's communication at her leisure. It was a passionate love-letter, in, which the writer dwelt despairingly on the agony of > this parting, deploring in eloquent words the fate that severed him from the only woman he had ever .truly loved. Weakly, fondly she dwelt upon these passionate words, and her tears fell fast upon the letter before she folded it and hid it in the bosom of hdr dress. For two days she was to be alone; ample' leisure in which to dwell upon a missive that seemed to her like a first love-letter. Hum phrey had written to her bnt seldom before their marriage, and his ct poor and schoolboy-lils the composition of rhymester. Throughout those tv Constance Mardyke ws of the man who bad won path of duty. Vainly di banish his image from „ taken too complete a possession" manly wits, and happiness in a life-long separation from him seemed impossible to her. The day appointed for the hunt was wet and stormy, and she roamed listlessly through the empty rooms, listening to the rain beating I against the windows, and toward evening try-' ing to distinguish the sound of horses' hoofs in the avenue. But night closed in, and her hus band did not return. She sat up late watting for him, but at midnight he had not arrived. " He will come to-morrow, no doubt/' she said, as she dismissed the servants and retired to ber own room. Strange dreams haunted her that night—dreams with which the sound of the falling rain mingled dismally. She fancied she was walking with her hushand through the rain and darkness upon the road by which he must needs return ; out although they seemed to walk rapidly, they could make no progress. One particular turn of the road, with three gaunt poplars growing on one side, and on the other some pollard willows shading a stagnant pool, a spot she remembered well, was always before ner in that weary night mare-like dream. She woke in the morning unrefreshed and low-spirited, to drag through another day. It was growing towards dusk, when she rose with a sense of weariness from ber tapestry frame, and opened the cabinet in which she had hidden Sir Philip's letter. An idle fancy had seized her to read it once more before her husband's retnrn, and then she might perhaps bring herself to destrqy the precious docu ment. She opened the door of the cabinet, took out the letter, and began to re-peruse the : lines that were already but too familiar to her. As she read the first words, a faint sound near at hand, like a half-suppressed sigh, startled her. She looked up suddenly, clutching the guilty letter to her breast, and in a mirror opposite the open door'she saw the reflection of her husband's face. He was standing on the threshold. She turned, in supreme confusion, to meet him. He stood within the doorway, his countenance, as it seemed to her gravriy reproachful; but before 1 she could utter a word, the familiar figure ! melted into thin air. She hurried to the landing-place outside the door, but there was do living creature there. The thing which aim had seen was a shadow. She fell at the foot ^ of the great staircase in a dead swoon, and it was not till ad hour afterward that her maid found her there, with Sir Philip's letter olasped in her band. Her first thoughts on recovering consciousness was a fear lest this letter Should have heed seen'; but throughout her swoon she nad held her crdmpled paper tightly. "Has my hiuband come home?" she isked. j "No, madam.", .. ; " You are quite euro ? s "Yes, indeed, madam," the gid answered trithsnrprise. ' • . \ That nigbc passed and there were no tidings of Humphrey Mardyke, although his groom, Vrho brought home the horse on which his master had hunted, said' he had fixpected to find him at home. ! "He left the Wetberby before I did,", said the ma", "bnt I believe be bad some notion of breaking the journey at Scars We 'Hdjfe^ta* more give him tuft t&vitiraoii; w ub there tot anight ss they parted,, companyat fta cross yoads pn Monday last, 5 This seemed likely enough, and the pro longed absence of the master gave no uneasi ness (o the household at Holmwood, though Constance could not banish the memory of the!pale shadowy fignre, so like and yet so different from, life, which she had seen in the twilight To the servants she had not dared to mention this figure, believing it an emanation of her own guilty mind, and fear ing_ their ridicule of her folly, or possibly their suspicion of her sin. She waited anxiously for her husband's return, resolved to welcome him with affection and to struggle with ell her might against her fatal regard for Sir Philip. Unhappily the opportunity to fulfil th|s penitent resolve was not to be afforded, to her. Next day passed without any tidings of the absent, and on the follow ing evening there came the news of her husband's murder. He had been found shot through the heart, lying on the brink of the stagnant pool, at that very spot she had seen in her dream. . . The country was up in arms to discover the doer of this evil deed, Humphrey Mardyke had been as popular as he was wealthy, and people were.eager to see his assassin brought to justice. Lord Scarsdale was one of the witnesses at the inquest. He described now his guest had left him at noon, intending to ride straight home. He had another guest, who had left him at the same hour: but the roadsof the two men lay iu opposite directions, for Sir Philip Stanmoro was to ride to a town 20 miles distant from Scarsdale, on the London road, there to find a coach that plied to and from the metropolis. This was all Lord Scarsdale could tell. He had seen the two gentlemen part company at the lodge gates, and had then returned to his house. The inquest was brief, and threw little light upon the circumstances under which Hum phrey Mardyke had met his "death. His pockets had been emptied of their contents by hasty hands, for they were turned inside out. His horse was discovered loose in a field some distance from the scene of the murder, and the state of his mud-stained garments gave evidence to the fact that the fatal shot had been fired while he was still in the saddle. Who could doubt that the deed was the work of some highway robber ? Humphrey Mar dyke had not an enemy in the world, and ] what personal motive could prompt so vile an. assassination except the vulgar greed of gain? A large reward was offered for the apprehension of the murderer ; but days and weeks went by, and no information was brought to Holmwood, or to the little country town where the inquest had been held. News was slow to travel in those days, and three weeks elapsed before Constance received a letter of condolence from Sir Philip Stanmore —a letter in which he dwelt with generous warmth upon the merits of the deceased, and delicately forbore from any allusion to his passion for her who was now free to return his affectum. Weak and wicked as she had been, Constance Mardyke lamented her hus band's untimely fate with genoine grief. The thought of her own guilty preference for another man filled her with self- reproach, arid now that it was too late to atone for her error, the error seemed doubly base. She was not, however, suffered to mourn long in her country solitude, Within two months of her husband's death Sir Philip paid another visit to Holmwood,, riding over from Ids friend Lord Scarsdale's, as on the previous occasion, in order to give a kind of accidental ap pearance to his coming. He had not been many hours at Holmwood before be assumed the speech and bearing of a loyer, nor did he fail to win the widowed kgirt from her penitential grief. In the pre jitepe of the observant old butler he was, *fc§ggiyer, carefully ceremonious. It was too et to show his cards, except to tire jiri, of whose heart and mind he had jo made himself master. A faint flash umph brightened his eyes every time . _ lanced round the ' noble room or ptoward the wide expanse of park and wood before the old Tudor windows. The only obstacle _ to his possession of this place and all ics belongings had been removed from his pathway. _ He knew that he had but to wait a fitting time in which to claim tiie widow and her fortune, nor did lie leave Holmwood until he had made Con stance promise two things: first, that she would come shortly to Loudon, where change of air and scene would help to banish the haunting memory of the dead ; and secondly, that she would become Lady Stanmore as soon as a decent period of mourning had elapsed. While talking of her dead husband Bhe had told Sir Philip, somewhat reluctantly, of the strange vision she had seen on the threshold of her bedchamber. But this apparition he ridiculed as the work of a distempered fancy. " It is little wonder for yon to see ghosts, in the solitude of this dull old house," he said; and it was upon this that he persuaded her to consent to a sojourn in town. Once in London, remote from village gossips, he knew that it would be easy for him to hasten the marriage which would make him master of Humphrey's noble estate; and he had pressing need that this change should take place speedily, as his finances were at the lowest ebb. His hopes were not disappointed. Constance Mardyke came to London, % accompanied only by her faithful serving woman. She occupied the lodginp itf which she had lived with her husband during the previous year, and being utterly ignorant of all business matters, and without friends in the me tropolis, she very soon allowed Sir Philip to assume the management and to obtain the complete control of her affairs. No suspicion of mercenary motives on his ride had ever entered her mind; she supposed him to be as wealthy as he was fashionable, a delusion which he took good care to sustain. He tons became, even before his marriage with the Widow, absolute, master of Humphrey Mardyke's fortune. ' ! Sir Philip was not, however, less eager f6r the celebration of the marriage and at tpe close of the summer Constance consented to becbme bis wife. They started for Holm Wood almost immediately after the marriage ceremony, the bridegroom secretly eager to respect the estate which was now.his own. He found it even wider in exteiit than he had hoped, and was much gratified by the recep- • don he met with among the tenantry, who were fascinated by his easy, affable manners, and somewhat Inclined to prefer him to the lhte lord of the soil. k ; For some months the novel grandeur and occupations of his position made life toler ably agreeable to the baronet; but he wash man of restless nature and long habits of dissipation. The time came when he grew weary of Holmwood; weary, too, of his wife's society, as it seemed to Constance, Who kept a close watch on the changes of her husbands countenance. The aocomplidied courtier, who had been so devoted as a lover, was now Often moody and absent-minded, and When' his wife questioned him with tender anxiety, was sorely puezled to aooount for his gloom, \- "Now, Constance, few men whothlnkat til are without^ fttr daik thoughts," & told, imptiientiy, not wtieh me » doitf- J The truth of the matter doll a residence for a man who has ^Bptjbia life in (he society of a Court, We muat live in London if yon would we me cheerful. Then" is a funeral atmosphere In this place, £3 if it were haunted by tne shadows of every master who ever inhabited it iirthe past" * " What, Philip; have you seen a ghost! "No, Constance, I am too much a man of the world for that; but the doloess of the place gives me bad dreams," " Yes, I have heard yon cry out In y»ir Bleep," answered his wife, thoughtfully. "Inqefed! Havel uttered words that yon could distinguish!" ' , "Not often. Once yon spoke of the plsce where tbey found my husband. 'Under the willowB by the stagnant pool!' yu cried. Strange, is it not, that the place should h mat you in your dreams, as it haunted me on the night before the munier?" Sir Philip's brow darkened in gloomy thought, but he made no reply to his wife* speech. He left her presently to ride alone, and an idle fancy took him to the spot of which she bad spoken—the bend in the road where three tall poplars stood out black against the winter sky, and where the pollard willows bent their weird trunks across a shallow, stagnant pool. He looked at the place for some minutes, lost, in thought, and then turned and galloped home again, as if the foul fiend had been behind him. From thiB time he daily became more rest* less in his habits and gloomy in his temper. The wealth that he had won for himself could not give him happiness. His wife's beauty had ' no longer power to charm the fickle mind that had ever sought new conqeests: nor was her gentle yielding nature calculated to maintain ascendency over his fitful souL He had de termined to go to London soon after the be ginning of the new year, and if possible to go there alone. On the anniversary of the night on which the shadow of Humphrey Mardyke had appeared to his wife, it came again, but this tame to the new master of Holmwood, who met the ghostly form of his dead rivat in the corridor, upon which his bedchamber opened. Again it was in the early twilight that the vision appeared, pale, grave, reproachft#of aspect; with fixed eyes and solemn motion; and again Sir Philip tried to convince himself, as he had tried to convince Constance, that tire figure was but the emanation of a disturbed brain. He did not succeed in his attempt; however. Men were prone to superstition in-those days, and the barcgpet was inclined to regard this spectral visit as an omen of his own untimely death. He was on the point of starling for London next day, after declaring that he would not spend a night in that accursed haunted house; when a couple of messengers came from the nearest town to request his immediate pre sent* there. Something had transpired which promised to throw light 'upon the circum stances of Humphrey Mardyke's assassination, and the county magistrate wanted the attendance of Sir Phjlip and Lady Stanmore— the latter to identify some property which was supposed to have belonged to her first hnsbana. The baronet's face grew ghastly pale as one of the men stated their errand. He was at first inclined to resist the summons, on the plea of his journey to London; but the of the two men declared the magistrate's orders to be imperative. They were not to leave Holmwood without Sir Philip : and Lady Stanmore was to follow immediately, in her coach or on horseback, as might be most convenient to herself. " It is not a four miles' ride," said the man, with grim politeness, as Sir Philip and he rode abreast along the avenne. The baronet <"V<* nothing. This species of summons was strangely like an arrest; but any attempt at resistance would have been worse than useless. He saw that both men were fully armed, ml that their horses were as good as his own. Arrived at the town, he was conducted at once to the chief inn, where he found one of the county magistrates, Lord Scarsdale, And some other gentlemen, seated in the principal chamber awaiting hiB coming. The magistrate received him with steady politeness; but his familiar friend, Lord Scarsdale, saluted him coldly, and scarce touched the hand which he offered. " You were not present at the inquest held on the remains of Mr. Humphrey Mardyke, I believe, Sir Philip Stanmore ?" mnd the magis trate.' "I was not I was in London at the time; and did not even know of my friend's un happy fate. Nor should I have been able to offer any evidence had I been present at the inquest." _ "Indeed ! You were in London at the time. Can you swear to having reached London on the 4th of January in last year !" "Certainly, if there is any occasion for my taking an oath on the subject wWchTcahhiw myself apprehend. Lord Scared aleis aware that I left his^ house at noon on the 3rd of the month, with the avowed' intention of riding to Gorsham, on the London road, there - to join the mail coach." "And yon never saw Mr. Mardyke after • bidding him good-bye at Scorsdale- gates!" " Never. Our ways lay separate from the moment of leaving the, gates." "And how about your horse, Sir Philip— what became of him when you joined % coach ?" "Ileft him attheinn at Gorsham, to be brought up to London by a pack-horse driver next day." "Will you swear that you were not in the Haverfield village on the night of the 3rd of January, several hours after the mail coach left Gorsham, and that you did not there ex change a broken-knee'd home and a gold watch for a sound animal!" : Sir Philip started and grew deadly pate. " I was never in any place called Haver field in my life, that ! am aware of," he said, " nor did I ever make such a bitgid&Bitint; you speak of." ■ "Indeed," replied the magistrate. "Then Lord Scarsdale's groom mnstbe mistakenas la the identity ofa horse which was offeredioraale herein yesterday'smarket, and which h« swore to be youre-a bay gelding, with a whitestreak on one side of the face. Did youever own such a horse, Sir Philip!" "Nay," interpoeed⩝ Scarsdale, white the baronet hesitated, " he cannot deny that ■ the horse was once bis. L remember IV , ■ per" ' - auuipuiQX WMUY!M),d» * 1 The watch!" gasped Sir Philip. " Yes," replied the magistrate, producing a massive gold watch. " On being guoationed. the man who offered the horse for-eate de clared himself to he an innkeeper at Haver field. He reoeived this watch and a bn knee'd hone from a traveller who shelter at his home on tbenight < January, alter having broken xndesfh the attempt to Jtthup] rate that divided a short cute toe main road. The man « hone of his own for the injt toil watch, which he was * "** aoooont iff the the suspicion of being a party to the death cf tout wife's first husband." *■ Tfce story is a tissue, of lies," cried the baronet; "aconspiracy." " In that you canfaavenoobjectiimtosee the man who offered the horse for sale, and whom we found wearing this watch," answered the magistrate; and at a nod from him a respect able-looking countryman entered the room. He swore immediately to the identity of Sir Philio Stan more with the traveller who had taken si/felter at his bouse, drenched to the ttin, and worn oat with a cross .country ride on the night of the 3rd of Januuy. His evidence was perfectly clear and straight forward, and no questioning of Sir Philip's could fthaVf his statements. Lady Stan m 3rd bad now arrived, and on being shown the watch, at once recognised it as her late hus band's property. She had yet to learn the awful inference to be drawn from the manner of its recovery. "If yon are indeed unconcerned in this badness, it will be easy for you to find an alili. Sir Philip," said the magistrate; "but in die meantime you most consider yourself under arrest, and I shall be compelled to order four removal to the town gaol, their tc await your trial at the next assizes." Constance uttered a cry of horror cm bear ing this, and sank, half fainting, into the chair that had been placed for her. Sir Philip bad by this time recovered his usual self-pos session. He protested against his arrest as an infamous and preposterous proceeding. " In all probability this man is himself die j assassin," he said. _ | " We have the evidence of Lord Scaredale and bis groom as to the identity of the horse. Sir Philip. It is that which justifies your arrest" I "And I have twenty people at command who will swear that I was at home at Haver field all through the day of the murder," said the innkeeper. Sir Fhihp Stanmore was removed to the town gaol, after having been compelled to surrender bis sword and travelling pistols. He parted tenderly from his wife, who be lieved him the victim of some fatal error, and who would fain have accompanied him to his pwwr This be forbade; and departed be tween his gaolers in haughty silence, after giving his wife the address of a London law yea; whom she was to summon immediately to his aid. A month would elapse before the assizes, and if the baronet were indeed as in nocent as be protested himself to be, there could be no great difficulty in proving the fact of his journey to London. It was impossible for him to have reached London on the 4 th, if be had been at Havexfield at the hour mentioned. Hie was not destined again to face his a£ cnsera. His health, which had been in a declining state ever since bis coming to Holm wood, broke down completely under the misery of his position, and an attack of gaol fever brought him to a grave at least less shameful than that which would have awaited him as a condemned murderer. On the night before his death he sent for his wife, ana to her earn alone confessed his crime. He had turned his horse's bead immediately after leaving Scandal? gates, had ridden across a common that skirted Humphrey's road home, and had overtaken him at the three poplars, where be shot him through the heart without a montent's parley. He stopped to rifle his victim 's pockets, m order that the act might seem that of a highway robber, and had then ridden off across the country, reckless which way he went in rite great horror and agony that came upon him after the commission of [ rite crime. At Haverfield, finding his horse completely lame, and having very little money, be had been compelled to offer the dead man's watch as temptation to the land own : 'It was for four sake I did the deed, Con stance,** be said; and the unhappy woman believed him. " There was only his life be tween us. I knew that tou loved me, and in the last boor before I leu Scaredale I came to rite desperate resolve that aided in your hus- j hand's death. Urn act was as mad as it was wicked, and I can truly swear that I have never known an hoar's peace cf mind since it was done." He died at daybreak ; and Constance re turned broken-hearted to Holmwood, there to lead a life of solitude and repentant sorrow for a few years, at the end of which time she fell into a decline and died, leaving the fine old plape tofallintothehands of her firsthus band's distant relations, who came from a northern shire to take possession of the estate, and who were never troubled in their occu pancy by the shadow of Humphrey Mardyhe. 