Week ending October 1. The usual quarterly .meeting of the Caledonian Association took plae in Brisbane last week, and was attended by about fifty members. The Hon.* A. Mucalister, president of the society, presided. The minutes of the previsbns meeting were read and confirmed, and the treasurer, Mr. Stewart, gave a report of tile financial condition of the society, from which it appeared that it was in a prosporous state, the funds to its credit in the bank amounting to forty pounds. After the business part of the meeting was orer, Mr. MIacalisnter said that the funds were inoreas ing so rapidly that he thought some definite conclusion should be arrived at regarding the way in which they should be spent, and he would be happy to hear any suggestion n the subject any member had to make. He had also to mention that a number of gentlemen were desirous of holding a soirse sometime abont Christmas, when they could all meet togetherfor the purpose of passing a pleasant evening. Mr. tdtf't, vicec-presidcntof the society, also thought ey should come to some conclusion about the sai of the funds, as it was of little use letting them lie in the bank. He was also strongly in favour of holding a social gathering of the members. Some diaus sion then ensueod as to the first clanse of the regulations, which only provides for assisting miem bore of the society, who are in distressed mi . cumstanees. The generality of the speamker thought": that it should be now comprehensive,,and prodide to assist all Scothmen. Finally the disofsuion was postponed until the next medting. Anothei aug. gestion, the discussion of which was also adjotianed ontil a future period, was the adviuibility of harsg a benefit society, for the better providing help in eases :ofdistress,andfora more extended sphere ofoperation. After a few remarks by some of the members on matters connected with the society, the mieting concluded with the usual vote of thanks ti the chairman. Before the gathering separated a 'few enlivening airs were played by Meesrs. Fezek and Mackenzie, on the pipes of the society, and afew reels were danced in true Highland fashion. Some late arrivals supply the following partioslars respecting the new settlement at Fort Darwmin, in'the northern territory of South Australia.: Thbe port is good and safe, and the site of the township, Palmer eaton, a most eligible one, but is badly off as regardo water, the only supply being a welL The population, when our informant left0 included 0aly the Goer?pment employds, numbering about forty, te telegraph;on. struction party, about eighty umber, and a. few land selectors. In the i u hbourhood of the township good landis ?bs~e Mueh of the daud which was surveyed and onut nuie half-sile blotks for the purposes of seleftion is uiseles, but on the borders of the rivers rs there re il allnviallat many miles in extent. A great deal of the countrylpppeas to be esubjeet to inundation, and these fn give ast- : dence of extreme fertility. The tropical olntse whiehe were sent up from Brisbane throve remarkably well, on a piece of land prepared for themi .a short detanee from Palmerston. Phsrehad been no siekneso ef sny moment among tlpresidpente, nor among .thos who were employed diminingsthe countr-y, though. away from the coast tbilheat ws very oppressive, and the mosquitoes snd esih8ad-flies almost unendurable ,Whe selection of town lotb sommenced on l l and ended on July 28; and of country lots on Sep tember 5, and ended on the l0th. The selebtia seem i much pleased with the treatment they received at the i' hands of Major Douglass, and they entiertained im. ate dinner, which passed off most saucesfully A?' --. pedition to the Boper River started 'from Pial mton on July 28, under Mr. M'Lachlan, who was to exuns the country for telegraph purposes. The rest ielegrph pole was ereeted on September 15, by Miss D ougipe, who was provided with a rammer for the ooaeibn teomd of woods native to the locality. Thbe erent aws' eel' brated by the firing of guns, and ench other rjo? - as the cireumstances would admit of. A paoklg h of the scene was taken by Ouptain: ipt.ab ? a Gulnare. The aboriginals are'deser~ibedie ,.ug w p treacherous. Their arms are priialp p , which they propel with the .wo?m'oinnr e thrug , stick. The war spears ame terrible-looking wmspouiu,'Ž ten or twelve feet in length, with batbed hasde?ot;: heads two or three feet long. The hunting espea'rs:"a about four feet long, made of reeds, with hardwood - points, and can be thrown withsreat force. Mr. Josiah MitheU, of thejosal Park, Melbournee in an account of the Sydney.Ziibition furnished to a Melbourne gaper, has bleab Tollowing:s-Nexttin impirtaneafter the scattle, viewed from a prodnuer'sa stand.poiot,'lhhould place the collection of eultivated products exhibited by Sir William M'Arthur, of Om den Park, and Mr. Walter Hill, of*the Brisbane Botatio Gardens. Theestwo collections were full of interest and information, and served, to illustrate the natural capabilities of the respective colonies of New South Walesand Queensland. Sir William M'Arthur'e '"s collection consisted of a large variety of seaelds, roots (turnips, mangolds, carrots), preserved fruite--raisins and prunes-the latter got up in a style to pie with the French article, jams, and jellies of varioes sorts, wine, oliveoil, capers, &k;, &c.; In addition to the exhibits contained io bags.jars, &o.;, the itterest in ' this collection was still further enhanced by theur rounding pillars of the building being dressed up as! industrial trophies with dried speciaesuu oof4the various pilants. Truly the New south Wales aeple owe much to the M'Artlhur faetly, end- th.i t nt representstivre treads right worthilyin tBhAotalps of his father in promoting the' deelo anJth iri bhe.ne sources of thae colony. Mr. Walterlji. piclido h of Queensland products also exhibited it.amount of practical skill, combined with intelligen fore thought for the f,,ture prosperity of tbhat olony: .The Qoeensland people may reckon themselves fortunate in the possessiou of such a man b he is?without doubt, "the right man in the right 'pluee?.'H i collection comprised the coffee plant, 'ipadlltU.ea?pg, ten, cotton, tobaseco, and allspice plAnts.:les$isugels number of beautiful and delicate variegatlelfd ined plants, alocesias, calladiums, draeeoas, ,o?e.-ll jin surprising condition considering the distalnueex h'ad been brought. Indeed they might only have :come from the nearest garden, so 'yeli did they all :looek. In addition to useful and fancy timbers, here we have fibres-not coiled up in small bottles as our V.ictorian fibres are, but hanging in large practical looking masses on the wall, alongside ofspeoelmons'oftheplante from which the fibre is obtained:--Queeuislasid hemp, Mexican hemp, Indian hemp, sun hemp, planitain hemp, hIemp from Chiea grass, jute hemp, 'bo~string hemp, Ceoylon hemp, Guiana hemp, bResella ihemp, besides all the vaRglieesof cotton. Some of those fibres will no doubt prove sources of profitrsable futire industry. Then we hive seventeen vaPrietles of tse sugar-cane, and sixteen varietiesof suagr manureed from the said anes. Bodt???a4vrious seartl its, jams,jellies, and tobacco, ao:wlliaiihost of eloilat manufaetures. Nlarly thlo'i 'd ofghsae vegetable products have been intro;au~'*bQu'eeiland by Mr. Hill daring the past dfteeis''h ndithisterytte to illustrate in the most foriib'jlthfitar at one the capabilitiesoenhe colony and hblate*uch nmaybe aso complished,4vli but a small money outlay,'n'jfdieg to the productive resources of a new couoetiy by-te right application of intelligenoeespracticek'iiiI0 und untiringindustry. ThcQueensland people &opnire; reason to be proud of plain Walter Hill, sirdiimnaed by uch fruits of his ceal, than if he were bed.?ied with ashy number of medals and had a host o'ftites. With this conviction, I was painfully impaesad bn a seeing thas olletion of plants s?ent from our Botanic Gerden; debidedly the shabbiegt lot in the whole plaeohnd,'is the main, of intereR only to the boaiol. al etuasLt Flaming yellow labels, setting forthlii large blao?b letters thie titled name of the exhibitor, were plastered on each pot. The glaring adrertise. ment attracted attetition tobwhat otherwise would haer . passed unnoticed, but the notice thus attracted as - anythling butgratifying to Victorian pride. It was decidedly npleasant to be taken by the arm and lej up in front ofa pot containing a mere fragment offl. plant (Oepkesituasfollicalaris), and asked, " Is that what youe call plnt-growing in VictriaP" I would have disavowed the whole lot, had it not mben thr the damniug vcridence of tlhe yellow labels. On tlheothor hand, one had to turn up thle eaotiJoeto Sit this nomeaof Sir Wom M'Arthur aqd W. Hill. Such is the'dilFsrene between practio4 merit and scientile Imeretricioasness. The Thames eorresppndento?f a New Zepland paper: says:-" The news publiehed'reepcting thasew geld rushles in Queensland hase'reated quiteoa stampe?] ?/' amongs tshe digging community. Forthe last fartnvght 'avery c leaner has taken a few men away to this :t hbra&?,but this mornitg, and again this aternoop, the number of men with swags, and the word 'Qeueseadsd' atheir tongues,isquite uaparallslledyths e Thams~1 . cole cold boisterous winds, says our Dalby raro mporry ot last Saturday,' have been sac .. -ietil.b' more genial weather, and tile glees now •. deat0 i "set fair." 'Eports from the farms at 5sultoillesnbr tlate that' Te season lias been very p'»Touorable for farming pursrilts hitherto, and the laud is being rapidly.prepared:ond planted. One en terprising farmer has poeufi a quantity of sugar cane, which he Bhasplautaei, Bt ermined to try whether it is not possible to raise something on the rich alluvial soil more profitable than corn and potatoes. He has every faith in besgijaeessitsal, seeing that the cane grows quite wel.'pipon the Clarence and -unter rivers in Nse6tnerw , 3 ses,- which are several degrees further south ti"U1hiDby, and consequently -mutt be much colder, notsitBhstnding that we are farther from the sea. We are sure that all persons who desire to see this district advance will wish him inaceas in his new enterprise, the value of which, if satisfactorily developed, will be incalculable. The Qympie paper supplies the following: A?n accident accompanied by a -fatal termination occurred on Wednesday last to a lad of the name of Boddington, the third son of avery bold and respected resident on this gold-field. On the ylorning of Wed uesday. Mr. Bucklond, the mianager ~of the Bank of New South Wales, being aninous to tseod out a note -*.far as Mr. King's place, at tile Comnmissioner's " smp and seeing the boy Boddington standing about e'-II d him if he would like a ride1; the boy said " &Sand; Mr. Buckland mounted him on hiis horse ' t , and away he went. The lad arrived safely Sat the- camp, and delivered the note, but on * th return the horse became frightened sad bolted, and knocked the poor boy off agamst the limb of a tree. He was brought into town and received medical assist. *' ante, but he died the same afternoon. SaThe volunteer parade on Saturday attracted a con *ierable number of spectators, there being between 2Ooad 200 persons present. The volunteers musas • red. petty etrohgly, about thirty members of- eaech 'rplbelng on parade. Tlhe men having fallen in pt "about half.past 4, marched to the parade-ground, n"de.r the command of Captain Hodgaols, and pre.. .edd by the band. At. about 5 o'clock, tile brigade a.jotont, Captain Verney, came on the ground and ro'eed eto inspect Uhemen,. After being wheeled *;from line anto open column, the brigade "marched lst" in slow and quick time; they then went through .. aripn.a evolutions for about twenty minutes, the Stillry firing eight or ten rounds of blank cartridge, Snd the Rifles being thrown outas skirmishers. After Ohe parade, the brigade marched through the town, the mand playing a number of enlivening airs; and, 'haviug aeturned to quarters, the men were dismissed 't about 6 o'clock. A' ery serious accident occurred on Wednesday to * a'South Sea tslander in. the employment of Dr. o.: r lOr '.of Dalby. The .boy, who pould not ride; '" d blieenrepstedly warned not to mount the horoes. .?nl«is takin &ao; e to:rnter at the creek on the day ted, a?n .t -e was a saddle on its back, " he godnlt i~| thegate. " He proceeded to ._rbbloe tii walk, when one of the S-tor.0ak rSdodbg tUowed, and begas playfully t' o j.tmp up at the hore's head, a proceeding which h. iii tomcedto, and therefore took little notice of * bey/ufohri owsing up his head: This movement, how : aers'kbiii ydid not like, and he took off Ihis cap, with .bieh heaimed ablow at tte dog. The horseo jumped .ononeside to avoid the cap, and bolted, when the boy :ell'off, and his foot becoaing ea tngled in the stirrup -aiare-aragged at the- outibe ls abont fifty yards, h -en the stirrnp gnae;y. a?w.s picked up in .whtibl,'and conveyt 8 'tdoitr'a residence, where ,rey: .remedy was apif d It was found that he Lnaduostmined »eerse ?ijitiino the back of the head, •frio whibh itis not 9expected that he will recorer. "- ' niore furoe aces, says the Peak Downs paper, are to be erected at the eopper-mine ! Such are '_ te lad tidings that we need hardly say wp 're' d"ietghted to.make public. - No -more telling trtbnter cold be paid tothe,wealth of the mine, and o miorner?ertsin declacation could be made of thecon .flne'feltinnitby.ite proprietors. One of the principal iartt ors aTthe company ia now here, and it is dear b. the mine is td be worked with greater vigour that . As oon as this becomes generally known in attention will be drawn to our great mineral , n ther copper-mines that -are already ve .nl tan a chance of being worked. h'I ineht of Mr. Arthur Hodgson, to act in ojdncn i se. Douglis and Watrs, ae com esilsonoserfsoospe-alspd for the purpose of carrying. t"t ithe oljepti btfthe London International Exhibition tl- SBf-1871hi aeolnieed in liet Saturday's Government ;" 'rotn the 26th August to the 28th September last, i:two days more than a calendar month, says the -jmpie pners, Chc were crushed et the Enterprise m--ad Vactorna sus -lt1196 toneo of quartz, which :nrielded, in the :ag , 8409 or.ls dwt. of gold, or .an aveage of 2o. t?dwts. 8gii. for'every~o on of nqeteerasbhed nd ing that period.- :i The following is e latest Gym icrulshinge : -:ntterprie: 216'tone from No. 2:es-nti, Monrkland '-'Whitby And party-yielded 698iss. 96 tons from So. S south, Smithfield. (raised by the tributors), S-iolded. 18sozi.; 109 tons from No. 4 south, New H :rookland, yielded 87ocs. 80 fons of surfuec stone dam No. 1l north, Now Monckland, yielded Bozs. 5dwte. Victoria: 244 tons from the prospector'es oslaim, Smithfleld, yielded 2150ss. 85 tons from the prospector'a claim, Ore, yidded 2Sozs. 15dwts. 12 *. tons from No. 9 south, Caledonian (a trial lot) yielded soss. 18dwts. u: We'learh by telegram that the Boomerang, steamer, -'ut Tos eviillegon Monday night for southern ports , O pofgold. The last crushings at Baren-. dip eto be very satisfactory, and there ' .i-a cession to the population during' a ye:--The blacks have been h tcr -utrages on the ooast near the 'whavie besieged and threatened to "-o ? nrkm m engaged in constructing the eew' oneto the Norman, and there are no Sto 0to their relief. SV rn Government are employing con uioet in theeonptruction of earthwork batteries to do fend dtbpoonu Bay. •*(A-«iekethaatoh took place on Tuesday afternoon -htutb.~osea ground North Ipswich between the boys ,ftie'TNorth Ipawich Primary School and eleven .im eof ·the Ipswich Juvenile Club, which resulted p'Sljt ictorLy for the latter. ....aleting of the members of the Reehnbite Society .-sta-l'd at the Temporanuce Hall, Ipswiclh, on Tuesday : ening, w«aB there was a fair atteondance. Two now -ese,'rinitlibed. A *.* .'co? l s4ting of Messra. Shillito, Aylott, 'Is4 t dfidat the .Pine Mountain on MBon. y. veBig?te for the purpose of establishing ??dis .titt dof Hope-in lbthe frst instance as an. aui nilaryW'tonliIpswich society. Tihe proceedings were held inthoeongregatioal .Ohapel, which was exceed?. ingly well illed much incireSt ing evinced in the object. : Mr. Bai~Eno outipd the chair, and made a few introductory of'Bnrk, after whlich the meeting Buodrse..edly. BShillitoind Aylott upon the -?t~ttg h tlti? thnegtablishment ofasocioey of the prs toTitn. Tiity.thres, meober $;ohnoIn o sali n4l meeeting.concluded in tjbj inld fo inpietment-f ofloials boing ra&"ol cing; eJt e ciit'oeeed0 nysiaBrtwtpaper, that a 'a ago a mebtingof pinegrwterd vesiding in h...tnghbsburhood was held at the Union Hotel, Pallpygo consider the best mode of utilising *- to m?ke them a remunerative crop. One on ttweam tbdistil spirit from them, and several ,.a .who attended the meeting contributed'pine 'itl 'for the test. Mr. Carmichalel, chmist, of usen-ttreet, undertook the labour, . an we*: hare bsoreus a sample'of the result. The yitheds been .tigrills and a-ba? of spirit to one anfla-iig alloea i ne- apples. The sample is a veryji~lg, cleir 0,it passg a- flavour somewihat imilr to eau It is impossible to say whit improre. . miget iirbt not o made in ahe spirit by judicious ,a.»ivouring,oloauring, and keeprng for three or four f.resi but in its present state it is not likely to super S"de brandy or whisky. .. ' • - :Woe find the (qllowing in a New Zealand I.aper:r witb regard tb the obttruclion offered by the nalivestl th' poostructieomf tbetegrallph line, Mr. Oommissioner ulaviaks^afJor IHamlin (resident magistrate fur .$O).lnrpned from Eatiteririaon Wednesday last. At , M. M.Olarkemet the obstruotive natives " av"6 tho e telle.raph line there, and, after lengthin -d'dcau?ion, did not seccced in removing their objections. H left the settltaient without aby" gerangement having 'been come to, as tnc .natives tssiated, withiogged obstiiinay, on'their doetrmiod Sti.on to rrent tih line crossing their country-as sdistaecof five mile--utiless they were paid'£50h0, togetl er.vlthl yearly fo?yument of £1 for evry post -ca.tf1 and bn . additipual for overy post cut in thrir forest. heerepertitions of vat ious an.ld exttionate ?u~li becoming quite disheartening. ^^ '-.A V.-.., ' ..A.· The Gladstone paper is respnnsibh for the fol lowing sensational story :-Within a mile or tiewo of Calliope diggings there is a waterncourse, which in ordinary seasons hlas a well-Slled hole of clear, cool water, in tempting proximity to thie road. Many a thirsty travellor has turned aside~-lhere to moisten his parched lips with nature's -pu~est beverage. A few week-s ago a lady equesfinen stopped at this spot, dismounlted, and took ah'beak?e? the refreshing liquid. But through the pelhibid water there glittered somnething, which at once diverted the lady's gaze from herown benautiful (ofcinure) lyes. What is this--yellow-lheavy-it must be gold And sueb it proved-a handsome 7oz.-nugget. A Rockhamnpton paper of thie 10th instant says: The invitation of his IErellency to the principal renidete of thle Ilace to aecompany him os his guests to Waet~sood, where a magnificnt collation was await ing them, was iheartily and numeronsly responded to, and thejoyous throng left by train on Saturday de termined to make a day of it. When the serious business of the hour, the gastronomie part, was over, when pyramids offlesh, fowl, andfruit haddisappeared, and champagne ceased lowing, thie beauties of noture exerted their claims to notice, and the company spread themselves "all about," in the higlhest good unumour with themeslves and everybody else, particularly their host, who " lId tho laughter and enjoyed the conversea tion." Just beforin leaving by the return train, which started at a quiarter io#, exhausted nature received a further secruiting froets additional refreshlment, and thle compaiy reseched town about hlalf-past 8 o'clock. There was no speechifying (that ghost to enjoyment), a wise prohibition--pity it can't be followed on other oceaeions.I-Nortlhen Argue?, October 10. Thle Melbourne royal commission appointed to con sider the question of tile federation of thie Australian colonies have agreed upon their report. The report recommends that an attempt should be made to obtain from the Imperial Government what maybe termed a permissive act-an act enabling tie whole or any of tihe Australian colonies to?anite for such purposes, at suchb time, and under seeh conditiots, as they may each and sorerally determine upon. The position of the colonies in the even ot, war between Great Britain and any other power tis.tli. subject of long and anxious -eoasidefation. She only-power which the colonies. do not -pOsseass whichll would enable them to maintain a position of neutrality .is that of entering intd nogdtiationsnwhth other states. Had they this power, theyr-oold be enabled, in casne of tile mother country enigaging in war, to remain taentral, and would thus be in thie same position as that occupied by Hanover when ruled by a king of Oreat Britain, Neufehabtel under the King of Prussia, the Ionian Islands when governed by a commission appointed by England, and Bavaria at the present time. TIhe report suggests that t1is power sabould be conceded to the coloui-es,-so that, in theorent of war, they may be free to take the course which may seem most advantageous." - Our Pine Mountain correspondent, ic giving en account of the monthly inetingof litestraach Agri cultural Society, bold there on t.he ltllinstant, says: Mr. Handcok read a paper upon aiieiacltivation and manufacture of arrowroot. After giving some very useful hints upon the duties of individual members of agricultural societies, hlie went on to prove from practical experience that arrowroot (which had hitherto been too much .neglocted, owing.to the attractions of cotton) was mutch better adapted to our soil and climate and more valuable to the farmer in a c6m mercial point of view than cotton. Last year he planted something less than three rods, contain fifty-six plants, which yielded 961bs. of e l manufactured arrowroot, which, at 4d. per lb., woiid give a return af £80 per acre. The gratisg-msia was simple, and easily constructed. -ain-water was better than creek-water for manufaoturing purposes a the creeak-water, being hard, gaPve the arrowroot a dingy appearance. After allowing £h0 per ep for eultivation and msnufaeture--Wlhieh he thought was ample--it would give n net profit of £50 per acre. The same writer says:--The farmers are now. busy with cottono planting: a good number of acres were planted list month, and the plant is now above ground and looking well a but except in favourable situations the preeent monthl is tbe best for planting, as cotton makeo little growth itil warm weather sets in. But it is desirable to have it as early as posible, as it gives a better chance for a good picking before the autumn rains. set in. The extent of ground under cotton will be,greatly in creased this seaston, notwithstanding the failure of the last two years. It is sincerely hopod tliat the arduous labours-and persevering energies of thesfala;mttv-?ill be rewarded with an abundan d 2a 'bitiirjd crop. There seem to be suficient g3etsii'topt taining such a hope, as the seasonn'isamortai eb than any we have yet seen. We Zai4 4 - h of thirty hours of steady rain, ad- w be generally finishecd by the endjf - ,h ground will be in excellent coition fr trly start and a good stand. A moist aid.gent ?g pring and a dry autumn will crown ourlabous with success. Mr. Walter Hill, Curator of thie Botanic Gardens, has forwarded us a sample of 1Taflat dates, a case of whichl has been 4poie4a hiss-hands by Mr. L. Sbith Toravers, of fobitt1TssW, Tasmania, to dis tribute the seed. ThIe d r?l?ue without question tIhe lnest fruit of tile kind, both for sice and fiavour, lthat has yet come utdr -our notice. If it can be aclimatised here it will prove a most important addi tion, to the long list of tropical and semi-tropical fruits we already poseess in Queensland. The cash receipts on the Southern and Western Railnay, for the week ending last Saturday, wore as follows :--Passengers, £172 2s. 6d.; parcels, £11 its. 3d.; miscellaneous, £85 13e. ltd.; ggods, £1025 2s. 1ld.; total, £1244 10s. t d. At the Rockhampton Circuit Court on the 7th instant, Llewellyn E. Davies, lately an alder'man of tlhe town, cas convicted of causing the death of his wife by beating her while they were both in a state of intoxieation. Next day the prisoner was brought up for sentence, and (several witnesses having spoken favourably as to his character) the Chief Justice ad dressed him as follows:--"Llewellyn Edward Davies, -This is not a ease in ehih character can be of an?: use. No doubt many other witnesses couldbe brougt to give similarly favourable testimony. '~oIji% not think me destitute of sympathy for your sad pai: tion or your domestic unhappiness. Since the ad journment of the Court yesterday, I have given your csee anxious coasideration. But the sentenre of the Court cannot be lenient, or one of slight severity. You have heard thie evidence given, and must have scon tiat faets have transpired which will not allow mo to give way to sympathetic feeling. It is my duty -and a very painful duty-to sentence you to a long and ignominious captivity, and one embittered by re loeetions on thie dreadful crime you have committed -uhich cannot fail to ihave a withering influence on tile rest of your life. It has transpired during thie trial that you are a nman of social position, and this adds to the pain and regret I feel in passing sentence upon you. But sympathy must not be allowed to distract my judgment. Is justice to stay her hand mwhen she slribrkes tile man of education, and reserve her terrors for those who have at least ignorance to pilead in extenuation of their wrong-doing P She must not stay hei' hannd, or many men, emboldened by impdanity, will give reins to their passions and inflict death upon women while pretending to administer deserved correction. I must exrcise the powers society has conided to me for the protection of its precious inter ests. A light punishment inour nea e would gise rise to a fevlingottSeourityt d biebomiunuity. With deep pain I protinounce the sehteobe of the Oonirt, which is, seven fears' penal serritu8e. Upon hearing the senotence the prisoner seemed to be completely para lysed; he stood with his eyes fied upon the Judge, without movingor making any attempt to speak. He nas tbuchpd seoveral?meeby tlogaolorbefor heatirred, and ?r. Sheelhywarrs slst obliged pp tke his arm -anudleadhim fromthbdockb. HehowevreFemovered higi elef and left the Court in the same calm, almb in8ifferent manner hie had exlibited thrlsoghoitthe trial. Onae of the loeel peapprs says :v-The een toioe olffdlewellyn Davies appears to have created almost halveral surprise. His Prime, foe obvious reasons, was deemed a comparatively venial oae by thoe aequaionted' withltislong-comntinufed domes tic thoubles, and his good" qualities as a- man and a citieefi. BDut iii he face of thie evidence tendered, tile jdly w-re bound tp convict, and the judge to award a puaishdleat:'oresponaiug to the revolting character of the crime. Hadthe b h loier killed his wife by a .ingleO blow in a moment of exasperation, i iat might Ihave been lome-mit?ation of the offence, bat-her death mao compassed;b euohs jrutal treat nmentas could seareely be surpsnsht by -h Fiji sanvage. Thie main was furibous from intoxication, no doubt, but is society safe with such men outside a gaol or lunatic as luin ? P Bad Davies becn ah ignorant criminal oak~n from the tower ilasses, the probability is that hie would' Irje been sent to the gallowsa; and we cannqt pertive ih Ihis ee'nteneo anything more theni tin'- degree of punishment absolutelytpeessaryf. or the protoccion of soioty. -; 0 . At a meeting of the coimitten of the Queensland Turf Club, the gentleme who held office last year were unsninpously%' -el-ted-namely, Sir.Maurice O'Connell, president; his Honor Mr. Jnstoll Lut wycle, vice-prbidAit; Mr. M'Oarthy, Bank 6f New South Wales, treasurer; and Mr. W. H1. Kent, hen. seeretar. It was decided to hold the usual mid summer race meeting on New Year's Day. From a letter signed " OCtholioen" in our issue of the 15th. instant we extrapt the following: At about twelve o'clock pp .gondkg.~night last, the brigantine Amberst left Brislianelsith a cargo f?'ioervhandise, also with two passengers for Mary oiuugh, one of whom, thesRye. Edward Pjlcr, was proceeding en rooutto Frser's Islknd,a s missionary tbtthie aborigios. ZNpt lauvitig obiervod any intima tion of this facrt it seemo ii me only fitting and proper that those who symdathise with the projected mission, of whom I truot there are many amongst us, should know that, ejetherthere be any human organi nation or not.engaged in holding the rope while the attempt is being- made to fathom the depths of this otherwise unexplored pit of human doepravity, he to whose noble example the churchles of Queensland are indebted for the germ idea of " bush missions," and whose indomitable courage, self- reliance, and Christian faith sustained him while giving practical exempli ecation to thlatidea, has again gone forth in obedience to the Master'es commission, not indeed to preach the Gospel to tle jpifltually neglected of his own " kith and kin," but rather to attempt the moral uplifting of the dark-faed nid, alas, alas! still darker minded savages amosgut.%iiaos roe dsoele. Seeing that Providence has .iisas".p an agent eminently qualified by his utter self abnegation, strong faith, fervent love .to' Obititr and yearning sympathy for the mlssiotinniy. wo', shall we not, as indi eiduals and.as rem?kherbe guilty of culpable neglect of duty if.we do aotarbuse ounrselves to a due sense of oulr personal and colleeltivre responsibilities, and cordially extend to our large-hearted representative not only our urgebht prayers and hearty good wishes, but also our generoqs syslpathy and practical co operation P We have to acknowledge receipt of a neat little pamphlet entitled "Guide to BSerioieulture."" The work is written by Mr. Tiomas Dickins,the President of the 8ilk Supply Association, and edited by Mr. Dodwell, of this town, who has abridged the original by omitting such portions as were not likely to be of practical use here. The "Guide" is well and clearly written, and cannot fail to be of service to all who propose engagingin' this interesting and important branch of industry. The following in Mr. Dodwell's preface:-" The following pages have been compiled pDrincipally from Mr. Diekino's " Guide to Serici cdltuore," and may, consequently, be relied upon as being strictly accurate in even the most minute dbtails. Very many yeare--indeed I may say an average life time-hase been passed by Mr. Dickies in the study of silk in all its various branches and I do not believe that many could be found who laboured harder or expanded more capital in fostering and improving this most wonderful product. It is not my intention to make this pamphletlonger than will sullmee to convey to those who may peruse it a sulflcient knowledge to enable them to enter successfully into the important undertaking of silk production; but I would wish to impress upon them that, although the entire process is.easy and, simple, it ie only'by unceasing vigilance and careful attention to what may appear to be the minor poi?nts, that a superior quality of silk can be roduced, and large proat be ecommanded. As the p st attempt to establiil a cotton .spinning and \- companoy resulted in failure, it can bardly be ted that .esllroeling will.be attempted in the eoony for manyyears to come. I shall, not, there fore, extend my remarks beyond the production of tte, cocoons, for which there is an unlimited demand ih England0 owing to theoauceesful introduction there of the reeling branch of the silk trade." Not the least important feature in ts0 operations lately conducted at-Town sari-by Mr. Manning was .the curingof muttone hbms, and tongueso, and we are glad to Efind that thbi~e articles are not designed solely for exportation whoTeeale, but maybe purchased retail in'the town. We are indebted to Messrs. Oribb and Foote for finBding ourselves in a positlion to speak of both these articles. Thh biuimsu sound, well flavoured, and of good colour,.ann m a welcome addition to the breakfast table, bes , le g excellent for sandwiches and they are oldt rie so mode rateu to be within the reasoh of all e tongues are in tins. Thebsparevry a ppbtiing, and in capital cob ditios. If allthe meat eared by Mlr. Manniog during the past season is equal to these, neither he nor the public are likely to have any reason.to complain. We have before us a sampleof "Out Tobacco, manu dactured by Kilner and Co., Ipsowich." This tobacco, lwhioh is grownin the district, is prepared from the alef,ss in England, without having been pressed into g6;?-and it is put up into neat quarter-pound packets, sodold at about half theprice charged for the Im ported article. It is of good quality and lavour, and although not equal in beody to American tobacco, smokes pleasantly and well. Mr. Kilner has entered into this speculation with spirit, on an extensive seeale, with akilled assistance, and good appliances, and we shall be very glad indeed to find the enterprise resulting in success. 