ILLUSTRATED HISTORY OF IRELAND. To SISTER MAKY .FRANCIS CLARE, OF ST. CLARE'S CONVENT, KENMAEE, CODNTY KEEEY, On receiving a Copy of the Second Edition of her Popular History of Ireland, DEAR SISTER, on this Christmas Day, When all the world is glad and gay, And many feast and many pray, As each his taste inspires ; When heart to heart kind wishes sends, Ajid soul with soul more closely blends, And friends draw nearer unto friends Around the social fires. I, lying on my sick bed, share But little in the feast or prayer, Save that my own poor heart I bare To the Almighty's eyes- Save that I strive one thought to raise, In silent gratitude and praise, For many, many happy days, Tliat on my memory rise. Thus, from the general crowd removed, Chastened, perhaps, and self-reproved— My heart., by some strange impulse moved, Turns, gentle Nun, to thee : Turns to thee 'mid thy cloistered towers, Thy distant hills, thy tranquil bowers, Where the bright stream makes bright the flowers, The fairy finiM. As in some lonely street of Rome, When incense fills the famous dome, And draperies Jiang from home to home, Along the Corso's way— Before Our Lady's sculptured stone, Or shriue by some dim taper shown, Unseen, unnoticed, and unknown, The pijjerari play. Thus do I pen this simple line Far off to thee, Madonna mine ; Nor thou the heartless lay decline, Nor thou the boon deny : It breathes of love, how rude the words ! Its soul is sweet, how harsh the chords ! It seeks no plaudits, nor rewards, But in the heart to lie. Before me spreads thy wondrous page : Brehon, and bard, aud saint, and sage, Across the grand historic stage, Sweep in majestic file ; Not like the ghosts in Banquo's glass- Phantoms that vanish as they pass— But in substantial living mass, As once they trod the isle. Here Tara's Halls are lit once more ; Here Patrick seeks the appointed shore ; Here, o'er the waves' untrodden floor, Brendan's frail bark doth flit; Here the Four Masters, for all time, Build up their chronicle sublime— Not all of good, or all of crime— But true as Holy Writ. Here, in thy work's new daintier form, Green maps outspread as fresh and warm As, when has passed the summer's storm, Outspread the meads of May j Maps like the fields they typify, Where names the place of flowers supply, And glorious deeds salute the sky, Like mountains tall and grey. Here is ClontarPs "wave- trampled " strand Here the Milesian chieftains land ; Here flashes out O'Neill's Red Hand ; Here fought the famed Red Hugh; Here, loving man and fearing God, In green Tyrone, O'Hagan trod, Like "him who now doth bear the rod— The upright and the true. ' Nor be the southern septs passed o'er ; Here, from Glena to sweet Glendore, Spreads the great name MacCarthy Mor. 0 ! Lady, on this day, Let me, who boast that ancient name, My clan, my country's voice proclaim— Let me anticipate thy fame In this unpolished lay. •Thou hast done well, thou gentle Nun : Thou, in thy narrow cell, hast done Work that the manliest hand might shun— The History of our Land ! 'Twas love that winged that pen of thine, 'Twas truth that sanctified each line ; 'Twas au ambition go divine That nothing could withstand. As long as there are hearts to feel For Ireland's woe, for Ireland's weal, This glorious tribute of thy zeal Will wake the grateful prayer; Henceforth be sung with loud acclaim, Be writ upon the scrolls of fame, The last and dearest Irish name Of Mary Francis Claxe. D. F. MACCARTHY. ASSAULTING A BARRISTER.—The District Court -on Monday was crowded with professional men and others interested in the hearing bf the summons against Mr. Robert Bowmanfori unlawfully assaulting Mr. G. Paton Smith, M.L.A. for SouthBourke, on the 12tb inst. The defendant was ordered to pay a. fine of : £10, with five guineas coBts, or in default two months' imprisonment. After the conclusion of the case, a subscription was opened by- Mr.Bowmkn's friends with the- view of; collecting the amount of- 1 ttie flhe and costB. The sum of >£30 m» quickly ^realised, but Mr. Bowman declined; to* accept the money. \---v''' 