A CIIAPTER OF ACCIDENTS. From the Edinburgh Daily , Sept. 7, Nairn— Man Drowned.— The Margaret and Elizabeth schoonor, belonging to this port, arrived here on Monday evening. She reports that whilo on her voyage to Nairn, and while passing nclms- dale, she oxnoricnccd a vcrv heavy sea. Ono of tho men named Patterson, bclouging to Inverness, was sent out to stow tho jib, and whito engaged in doing so, his foot slipped, ho lost his hold, and fell into tho sea. Tho ship was put about imme diately, but as a heavy sea was running, they had great difficulty in working up to him, and before any assistnnco could bo rondorcd he had disap-/ pcaro'l. IV o understand that Patterson's father was killed, while working on board a vessel at Inverness last year, by a largo beaui falling upon him. Falkirk — Accident. — A labourer, named James Maun, employed by Mr. Melville, wood merchant, Grahamstown, near Falkirk, had his thigh-joint dislocated on Saturday afternoon bv a fall of six feet. lie wns assisting to tako a lonil of wood out of a canol bargo, when part of tlL tackling in uso gavo way, aud ho fell inconsequence. Iio was brought to tho Hil5nhnrf»1i Tnfirmnru yesterday. Kilwinnino— Fatal Fire— A Man Burned to Death.— At four o'clock on Sabbath morning fire was discovered to have brokon out in tho back building of that property situated in tho Byrcl, belonging to Mr. Alexander M'Gown. Tho flame \ spread so rapidly that nothing could bo dono t» savo tho building. "NVo regret to say that thodoafl body of a man, named James Downcs, was found among tho debris. IIow the firo originated re- mains a mystery. Man Drowned in the River Clyde.— On Monday afternoon, about fivo o'clock, a carter, named William Boylo, 49 years of ago, residing in Castlo Street, near Ruthorgton, was drowned in tlio river Clvdn. nonr Sii/iwHoliI Wnt-l?e iifuln, following circumstances: — It appears that Boyio was engaged carting soda waste from tho river hauk, and whilo in tho act of backing his homo ho slipped and fell into tho water. Every effort was mado to aavo tho drowning man, but without effect. Tho body was recovered in about an hour afterwards. Her Majesty's gunboat Trinculo has been sunk in deep water whilo proceeding from Gibraltar to Malaga, having been run into by n Spanish mer chant steamer. Two men, named Buillie and Joy,; wore drowned, I A Talking Machine.— On August 27"anShl- bition of quito a novol character ws opened at tho now building called tho Palais Royal, Argyll Street, Oxford Circus. It is an exhibition of a talking machine, which by mechanical appliances is mado to give forth utterances resembling thoso of a human being. It is tho invention of Pro fessor Fabor, of Vienna, and has been constructed and patented by him, and is certainly a wonderful spcciinon of human ingenuity. It is truo, tho question may ariso, where is tho utility of it, seeing that evory man, woman, and child possesses a talking machine, more or less perfect, of his or her own. But tho mnchiuo has its utility novcrtho- less, for it illustrates a much neglected scionco of acoustics. Moreover, it is highly interesting as showing how for ingenuity tuay go. Tho machine has a mouth, with touguo and lips, which aro sot in motion by a mechanical apparatus which sets free a portion of air from a large bellows, and so controls it as to produce tho sound required. It pronounced, with great clearness, ovory letter of tho.alphabet, many words, and a few sentences perfectly ; not merely set words, but any words the audienco chose to namo. It also laughed, and uttered other cries oxprossivo of humnu passions, to tho astonishment, apparently, of every ono who heard it. Great Destruction of Jute by FinE. — A fire, involving tho destruction of property roundly estimated at ovor £15,000 atoriing, brolco out on August 25th, in a building at the Victoria Docks, la which was stored 3,000 bales of jute, each balo being valued at £5 With all possible expedition a great number of land steamers and manual power ongiucs were started to the spot, as well as the poworful steam floats by Shand and Mason, The fire, however, soon rososo high as to illuminato tbo church steeples on both sides of tbo Thames, whilst tho shipping in tho river wa3 also brought out in prominent relief. Under the direction of Mr. Ontohouso, tho district foreman, the brigade and also tho salvage corps went to work in their usunl intrepid manner, but tbo bandages of some 100 bales of juto giving woy, tho material was forced about in a state of ignition, and in a very short limo the roof fell in, and it tlicu bdeamo apparent tlmt the building and its contents were doomed to destruction. As to tho origin of tho disaster not tho least information could bo obtained. Tho following is n copy of Captain Shaw's official rcpost of tho damage " M shed building on south sido of Victoria Dock, tho property of tho London and St. Knthnrino's Dock Company, 150 fool by 150 feet, containing about 3,000 bales juto, nearly destroyed. Insurances unknown." Anxiety iteoardikn Gkhm AN vbswi a hTOVA npprohonsions nro entertained among tho numerous Gorman shipmasters at tho various ports in tho Firth of Forth for tho safety of a number of their countrymen who proceeded to sea last week for Hamburg, Bremen, and other places. Tho in activity of tho French fleet hitherto had caused n number of captains to hopo that they might reach their destination unmolested, but as the portion of tho fleet which 6ailcd lately from Cherbourg is now reported to have commenced tho blockado of the Elbo it is not improbable that some of these German shins lmvo been captured. The number of tho vessels under the flag of tho North German Confederation which are at present lying up on account of the war is about 5,800. A largo portion of thoso belong to Hanover and tho llanscatie towns, and in tho majority of eases they nro owned by tlio masters, who invariably carry their wives nud families on board during the summer months. Thoso who are thus situated, having been debarred from procuring employment, will feel tbo effects of tbo war very severely. Shocking Occurrence.— On August 16, a shocking accident ; or a determined net of suicide, occurred at tho Park station on the Great Eastern Railway. A gentlemanly lookiug man, apparently between fifty and sixty years of age, took n single ticket for Lea Bridge, and as a fast goods train from tho North of England approached the station ho prepared to cross tho lino. lie wns told to ro- inaiu where iio wns, but ho stoppod quietly down hum! Kim UUU WftlKCU on IO 1110 line. A porter followed and caught him by the coat to stop him ; but by a rapid movement ho extricated himself, and was standing in tho middle of tho up line when tho goods train reached tho spot. Tho engine, travelling about forty miles an hour, struck him with tremendous forco, scattering his head and brains iu nil directions. Tho skull was shattered, and was afterwards picked up in four pieces, two being found about fifty yards from the spot where the uufortunato man had teen standing. Tkriurlk Murder, in Manchester.— An Irish labourer, named Patrick Durr, has murdered hta wife nt Red Bank, ono of the lower districts of nraiicuuMcr. Tliev wi'iu »ccu gulug Iiuruu and quarrelling. Durr afterwards gave himself up at tho police station, saying ho had strangled his wife. Ho was brought before tho magistrates, and bis son gavo evidence against him. Ho stated that when his father and mother enmo homo his father made a nooso in a rope and put it round his mother s neck. Tho woman screamed when tho rope was made tight, nud tho man thou left her awhilo; but returning shortly after, ho said, " She 6 not doad yet," and pulled at the rope until she wns. Outhueakp.— Victor Emanuel being comiscr- atod by his Ministers because he had broken out with tho measles, erysipelas, and scarlatina all within a few weeks, replied : 41 Ob, theso outbreaks ore all notbiog compared to what a popular out break of the pcoplo would be." | Glasgow detective polico havo been sue- rcsfliuj in discovering a house, kept by a man pamod Abraham Froyd, wlioro a very oxtonsivo ;rado has bcon dono in altering the appearance of Itolpn watches, and sonding them into tho mnrkct ignin. In tho shop wore found thirty silver and five gold watches, which havo been more or less tampered with — having been re-gilt, ro-plntod, or o-ongraved, and had new numbors substituted for jtlio original ; and in tho itouso of Frcyd's brother- in-law two gold .and fivo silver watches, similarly altered, were discovered. A bad enso of impediment of speech in a young girl wns ontirely cured tho other day. The girl wns swoot sovontcon and abundant in her locks— so much so as to create considerable envy. At a public ball an envious one of Jicr own sex said to n young man, " you seem to admire that stuttering thing's hair, but you may tako ray word for it it is all false." Thereat tho young ono with tlio im pediment turned round and poured out a brilliant torrent of invoctivo against her defamer, accom panied by two smart boxes on tho ears, and tho euro wa9 complete. A Canton Prison. — Ono day wo visited tho of tho tcrriblo scenes which awnitcd rao. Tho women's prison was comparatively decent and airy. Thoy were chained by tho legs, but could rnovo about, and were busy at different kinds of work. Their children were with them. They thomselvcs were clean ; and ns wo loft them sorao money, thoy wore in groat glee. It was different In tho men's prison. In a largo court-yard, sorao fifty or sixty gaunt and wild-looking creatures sat eating, gambling, and some of tbcm working. They were chained at the legs, but their arms and hands were free. A more terrible and filthy crowd I hover beheld. Most of them were only kept for execution. At first, they allowed U9 to walk about, without apparently heeding us niffcli ; but give thorn ; and ns soon as thoy saw mo tako out tho money, they made a rush at mo. Lcgrand warned mo not to allow them to touch mo as they had almost all terriblo skin diseases. There was therefore nothing for it but to lay about mo with my stick, to keep them off; and throwing tho monoy over their heads, thoy soon left us free in tho scramble for tho cash. In a dark coll, not far off, I found fivo poor creatures undergoing tlio most awful punishment refined cruelty could do. vise. Each had round his neck a board about four feet square, preventing his over lying down or resting his bond. I was horrified to henr that this awful punishment is inflicted for compara tively slight delinquencies, such ns theft. They aro condemned to threo roonthsof thi9 torture, and few survive it. Ono poor wretch wns trying to rest witli his body on tho rnisod floor, tho bond dnngliug out in a miscrablo manner. Thoy looked tired to death, and stared nt us in amazement. When they saw money, they wanted to close up to us ; but their boards, of conrso, kept thorn at a distanco from us. I left some money, and tho gaoler promised to divide it equally among them. On leaving theso unfortunnto people, I felt quito unmanned ; hut worse remained behind, for in the yard through which wo had to pass, a poor pri soner wns nt tlmt moment giving up tlio ghost. That he might bo ready to bo carted awuy, they dangling out. I thought ho was dead, for lie was deadly white, with closed oyes, aud his emaciated frnmo seemed motionless. Tho gaoler and pri soners however assured mo' that ho was not dead yet, but would bo shortly. Just then, his eyes moved. Nobody seemed to enro an atom for him. It wns a cruel sight to sco ; but tho prisoners strolled about, tlio gaolers smoked, and all went on ns usual, whilo this poor soul was departing from a body kept ready for instant removal.— Chambers Journal. Indian Meal Muffins. — To such of your readers ns suffer from dyspepsia, and not to them only, but to all who appreciate an nrticlo of food adapted to tho land we live in', Cleveland, I recom mend tho following For tlio break fast or tea of threo or four individuals, put about a quart of frcBh milk into a saucepan, and stir into it two good handfuls of freshly ground maizo meal ; stir it until it boils; then take it off tho firo and add a good big picco of butter, salt, &c.;» to taste, about a teacup full of yeast, and ns mucb wheat sufficient to make a stiff sponge ; then set it to rise in tho ordinary way. When tho spongo is ready, work it up like an ordinary but rather soft dough ; then roll it out thin— say about a quarter of an inch in thickness. Cut out tho cakes in any shape with a mould, a lid, a tumbler, or any- thing handy. Sprinklo tho cakes well with flour and bake at onco. The result will bo Indian meal muffins, and with molasses or butter or coffee, they form a repast for a king or a Northern Australian. Lost in tnn Bush.— During tho past week, savs tho Ilobart Town Mercury of tho 2Cth ultimo, considerable excitement was manifested among tbo pooplo of Bothwcll, by an occurrence of tlio most distressing nature— the loss of a child in tho bush. At 8 o'clock on Tuesday morning, 18th instant, "» »»« vuuK.9 II lllliiuta, U MIl'pUVlU Oil IMC Cluny Fork ostnto, missed her eldest girl, Knto, aged threo years and five months, whom sho had scen at play outsido the houso fifteen minutes previously. Sho called her name, and looked iu every direction, tho ground being clear iftid open for some distanco from the houso ; but not seeing her, sho concluded she had run nftor her grand mother, who had gone to a well distant some few hundred yards. Such, however, was not tbo ease, ns tho grandmother lmd not seeu her. Terror- stricken, tho poor mothor rushed wildly with an infant in hor arms over tho neighbouring paddocks, still calling fur her little one ; she heard a cry and ran to the spot whence she funded it proceeded, hut could neither see nor hear her child. Now, almost frantic, sho began to roalizo tho possibility of her littlo darling being lost iu tho bush, and prudently mado tho circnmstanco known to Mrs. Brown, of Cluny Park, who, with tlint truo maternal feeling experienced only by parents, at onco summoned all tho farm assistants, and mounted her horso to assist in tho 6cnrch for the tnissiug child. After four or fivo hours' fruitless offorts Mrs. Brown sent a report to the superinten dent of polico nt Bothwcll, requesting his assistance. Unfortunately ho was absent at tho time, but constnblc Steward was speedily on tho spot, and with tho father, who had bcon from homo all day, renewed the search. Night coming on, fires were lighted in tho hush, and every window in Cluny Park house illuminated with a view of directing mo citiid, snouiii sno seo them. Tho bush in tho neighbourhood wns trnvoraed all night, and tho child's namo frequently called, but all "in vain. Soon aftor daylight on Wednesday morning tho superintendent of potico and about twenty persons from Bothwell arrived on tho ground, and a syste matic sonrch commouced, and was continued whilo daylight lasted, and still no trnco 6f tlio lost child. Reluctantly, and with harrowed feelings, the work was discontinued uotil next morning. Rain set in with a cold south wind, to which tho littlo sufferer must bo exposed, shivering, starving! Tho feelings of tho parents can only be imnginod, not described. Oo Thursday morning tho search was resumed by about thirty other residents of tho townaliip, Nutwllliatoodiug tho frequent and heavy showers, tho bush was scoured in every direction, but without avail, until 4 p.m., when loud shouting wns beard in tho direction of tho house. All ran, ns they rarely ran before, until met by messengers sent out to inform them that tho child was ibuud. Tho glad tidings were re ceived with such au outburst of hurrahs tbnt struck terror to tho kangaroos abouudlng in tho vicinity, and, of course, made tho leaves of tbo surrouuding eucalypti 44 clap their littlo hands in glee." Dolight was visiblo in every countenance, and a feeling of joy pervaded all hearts. When found the child had lost its boots and socks, and was goiug towards Cluny House; its little feet and legs were mnch scratched, otherwise it did not appoAr much worso for its exposure and want of food fur Gfty-six hours Its little hands were full of bush flowers. 