/ THE EDUCATION QUESTION. -♦' A series of papers by a Lay Catholic signing himself ' Delta' has attracted much attention. The writer deals vigorously with a subject he has no doubt long and se idously studied. He is very impartial in Ms criticisms upon all classes concerned — and caustic and bitter upon some indivi dually. Nevertheless ' Delta' is sensitive even to the ' bush' criticisms of ' Epsilon' — whose ' dilemma' is demanded ' in form,' and he does sum up very well. what every one knew before he wrote. Who did not know years ago — that the Irish National system was perverted — dis- honestly administered, secretly used for sap ping the ' vast fabric of the Catholic Church in Ireland,' and that all the Bishops who accepted it in good faith were shame Jtully betrayed and obliged to abandon and denounce it. All this is as notorious as 'the unjust ?onstitution of our Council of Education' and the unreasoning violence that chaiac terised the debates, and the calumnies so recklessly uttered by political charlatans against the best men in the community. 'We did not require ' Delta's' aid to know that by authority of ' the Council of Edu cation Protestant theology was forced upon Catholic children as a necessary part of Becular instruction in public schools' and that such teaching was given by persons ?f any or no religion. It was well known that the ' Council ©f Education' without necessity but in the exercise of powers unwisely given by the act, did enforce inferior and unchristian passbooks to the exclusion of others of acknowledged merit. What has ' Delta' ', added to our stock of knowledge on this subject ' which, he neverv saw:..-, or heard treated fully or fairly as its importance required' ? Well lie does undertake to solve difficulties, ?which no sane man I have met ever proposed. He gravely tells us, ' that go teach all nations' does not involve secular knowledge. Who ever said that the Church had a duty to teach chemistry or conic sections, arithmetic or geometry, any niuie than, to organise a fleet of ironclads, or lay the Atlantic Tele graph 1 I commend to him ' the appended extract from the Pastoral of Cardinal Cul len. 'Delta' meets the objection made by himself only, as far as I can discover that ' it is no dishonor to the priest to catechise his young flock even in a public school.' The cognate duty of attending the plague-house, the prison and the scaffold, shews the obligation, its honor and its crown. Truisms these. Then we are told of catechists and their uses. Every Catholic Sunday school witnesses their use fulness, even, though not ' professionals.' This does not seem very neio, nor deep, nor hard to discover. One word more and ' Delta' shall speak for himself. Colenso and the Eabbi have' in some way fascinated my friend. He would have his child taught by the best masters in things secular, even though they might imitate the national teachers, who dogmatise against faith — and in violation of their plain admitted duty. But St. Jerome learned Hebrew from a Rabbi and his example settles the wisdom of having heretical teachers. 'Epsilon' is likely to appear again and remind his friend that the children of our primary schools are not quite as safe in the care of proselytising teachers of our time and country as the venerable and learned St. Jerome was in the hands of the Rabbi. But let 'Delta' speak for himself. I quote from his letter No. 2 :— 'It is idle to say that education should be under the sole control of the clergy. If they have this authority by right, the right imposed a duty — they might have performed that duty while their power was unquestioned — and every one knows that for eighteen hundred years the duty was not performed either by church or state. Jntra muros peccatur, et extra. The truth is the education of the people is an entirely new thing, rendeied necessary by the progress of events, and the political state of the world, and it must be dealt with more or less in ac cordaucs with modern views. All exaggeration of rights, on the one side or the other C3n only be hurtful. To say therefore, because our Lord gave a commission io His Apo8fcles and their successors to teach all nations, and therefore all education sacred and secular must be under the control of the clergy is not Catholic doctrine, but pure impracticable nonsense. As a Catho lie I should certainly confide the religious edu cation of my son to some person authorised by the Church to teach religion. I would noc send him for that purpose either to Dr. Colenso, or to the most learned Rabbi in Israel ; but if I wished him to learn Arithmetic or Algebra, 1 would not sefk a better authority than Colenso, nor would I hesitate, if I wished him to learn Hebrew to follow the example of St. Jerome and to apply to the Rabbi. The real difficulty is to obtain the best secular knowledge, and at the same time not to neglect the all important one thing necessary for the life to come.' This passage is liable to misrepresenta tion. I therefore humbly beg to give the following authentic view of the subject treated therein from authorities that will be universally recognised : — ' As rulers of the Church of Christ, chief pastors of his flock, rigorously responsible to the / Prince ot Pastors for every soul committed to our charge, it forms, it is obvious, our first and paramount duty to attend to tho pastures which they feed, the doctrine with which they are nourished ? It is, we feel assured, unnecessary to observe to you that, of all modes of propagating error, education is the most Bubble and dan««roui?, furnishing, as it does, the aliment by which the social body is sustained, which circulates through every vein, and r«aches every member ; ami that, if this aliment should i prove to be corrupt or deleterious, it will not j fail to carry inoral disease and death to the en- I tire system. Hence the awful obligations we are under, at the peril of our own souls, of watching over the. education of tho people whom God has entrusted to our charge.' (Synod ical address of the Fathers of the Council of Taurles, pages 6 and 7) . The following is an extract from a letter addressed by Cardinal Cullen to the Catholic clergy of the Archdiocese of Armagh, in 1850 : — 'The right which we enjoy, and the obliga tion under which we are placed, of attending to the education of youth, are derived from the Divine Commission by which we exercise our spiritual ministry. This commission, which was given to the Apostles and their successors, is the following words, 'Going, therefore, teach you all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy ! Ghost, teaching them to observe all things what | soever I have commanded you : and behold I am '? with you all days, even to the consummation of 1 the world '-Matt., XXVIII. 19 20,— evidently inculcates the duty of teaching all the dogmas of faith, aa well as all the principles of morality Whatever regards the nature, Attribute*, and moral government; of the Deity; - as. well as what-: -. ever concerns the conscience of man in his in- £ dividual capacity or numerous social relations, allthis is directly contained in the Divine Com- I mission. But the subjects thus indicated must t have a direct or indirect connection with the I various departments of human knowledge, and I the exercise of the Divine Commission must con i aequently extend to the supervision and control I of every system of education proposed or insti- i tuteil for the children of the Catholic Church, ' lesfe in any particular department of knowledge I they should be infected with errors or opinions s at variance wibh their faith ; so that the Divine ; Commission given to the Apostles implies a ; positive duty, imposed exclusively on them, to j teach all divine truth, and, if I may so say, anega- c fcive duty or right to impede the teaching and to 1 resist the propagation of every error, opposed ] to heavenly revelation. This right of inspection and control, whenever there is question of the faithful committed to our charge, belongs pre eminently, as you are all well aware, to the episcopal body, according to the words of the Apostle, — 'Take heed to yourselves and to the whole flo^k, wherein the Holy Ghoat hath placed you Bishops, to rule the Church of God, which he hafch purchased with his own blood.' — Acts, xx. When the education of the children of one diocese is in question, the matter is within the jurisdiction of the Ordinary of that diocese. When many dioceses and provinces are con cerned, then the question is not to be decided by any particular Bishop, but by all the prelates of these provinces, or, when they disagree, by the supreme authority of the Roman Pontiff. To resign such a ri-*ht, to shrink from the duty it involves, to suffer the little ones of Jesus Christ to be torn from the maternal bosom of the Church, to be delivered into the handa of un principled or irresponsible teachers, or to be im bued with erroneous doctrines, would be to prove false to the Divine commission we have received, to abandon to the wolf, like the hireling pastor, the flock committed to our trust, and to dis honour the glorious ministry with which 'we are invested, by a treachery as cruel as it would be unprincipled.' I beg also to refer ' Delta' to the fol lowing extract of the document presented by the Catholic Bishops of this colony to the Council of Education on June 21, 1857 :— ' The Roman Catholic Bishops of N. S. Wales beg to submit to the Government the following statement of their views on Primary Education in this colony, lu doing this they are influenced 1 by no hostility to the present or any other Go vernment. They ave simply discharging a con scientious duty which they owe to their flocks, whose faith bh'ey arc bound to protect. In order to avoid the possibility of a misunderstanding respecting what they require, they beg to state, that they do not object to the Government satis fying itself as to the competency of the teachers and ascertaining, by inspection, that they dis charge their duties efficiently. Neither do they object to the strictest supervision over the ex penditure of the public funds. In places thinly populated, they do not require separate schools. They are satisfied with one Board, provided it be properly constituted. What they require is : — 1\. ? Thab wherever the Roman Catholic children Amount to the normal number required to con stitute a public school, the Human Catholics may establish a separate school which shall be j entitled to all the aid granted to public schools. 2\. That iu all schools the property of Roman Catholics, the right of appointment and dismissal of teachers shall belong fco the managers of such j schools. 3. That in mixed schools the Roman j Catholic children shall nob receive religious in- j struction, moral or doctrinal, in common with ! children of other denominations, nor in any case j from a teacher not of their own creed ; and that j no class hooka objectionable to Catholics shall ; be. used in such schools. 4. That aid be granted ; for the training of Roman Catholic teachers. ; The Roman Catholic bishops cannot co- operate with any system of education that does not re cognise the preceding principles. Moreover, ? they feel assured that a liberal Government will admit the justice of what they subjoin, namely — I. A fair representation of the Catholic body in the Council of Education. 2. That school books of acknowledged merit as to secular know ledge, and approved by the Roman Catholic bishops, should be provided by the Council of Education for Roman Catholic Schools, on the same terms a3 class books are provided for obher schools. 3 Thab to remove the auspicion of proselytisiu no child be allowed to attend reli gious instruction given in a school belonging to a religious denomination different from thafc of tho child, except at the request of its parent or guardian. 4. That the power of the Board should be executive, and not legislative, and thus the question of education be removed from the arena of politics. From what has been stated, it is apparent that the Roman Catholic Bi.shops claim nothing for their co religionists ? whbh they do not advocate for every section of the Oorarnuaifcy.' If these documents should help to the understanding of the question which en gages the attention of the Catholics of this ! colony, as well as the zealous_ labours of 'Delta,' their publication again will be a benefit, and oblige — ZETA. 