Political State of Sodtii Australia. — The special correspondent of the ' Argus ' wiitos : — ' Tlio pusillanimity and disorganisation of the present Assembly arobocoming more than a passing joke. Thoy may well causo unonsiness as to our political prospocts and tho development of the Constitution Tho Assembly wns electod about two years aco under peculiar circumstnncos. The prominotico given to tho land question producod an extra infusion of country blood Tho secession of many old Iondoia of tho House — some retiring into privato lifo, and others quitting tho colony — opened a door for third rato men, who would hardly havo ventured forward at an ordinary election Simultanerusly with the break up of old party associations, there was an influx of raw eneigy without any discipline or organisation. Formerly such tyroR would havo sat a whole session in tho House before thoy learnod tho uso of their tongues. But there was nothing in this caso to repress or overawe them; In tho scramble which brought Mr Strnngwnys to tlio surface, tho seniors divested themselves of all tho respect due to thoir seniority, Tho juniors reversed tho natural ordur of tho House in their own favour. They emancipated themselves hofore tliey wero ripe for it. Since then they havo acknowlodged no oxtorna) leadership, eitlior Ministerial or Opposition. Still less have they any of their own, or oven a shibboleth to answer in plaoo of loadcrship. They havo been n buffer between the two rival sections of tho formor Assomblv. nnd nnfinrr moro. It is dnubtfnl now if any dogreo of oxperienco or any amount of waiting will over make them moro. In all probability, after Christinas they will resume their cross legjed attitude in front of tbe Treasury benches, and block the political thoroughfare again. If spared to seo another session they will make it like tho other two, and when tlieir time oxpiro3 tho public will have to look back 011 three years of a legislative blank ro dcemod only by a dubious land reform. Bnt somo of tho electors extend thoir misgivings beyond next session. I11 the event of a dissolution either now or twelvo mouths hence, what subBtituto may wo obtain for tho present impracticable House? Nine tenths of the cross-legged Musselmcn aro suro to como back again after taking to them a few other obstinate spirits liko unto thomsolves Thoro may bo a further eocessinn of nncientB which will swnmp tho power of all who remain, and diminished the already scanty supply of leadership. It iB conceiva ble that noxt l'nvlinmont may be little better qualified for woik than tho present, and, in fact, that bona fido work may be susponded until the Assembly lias timo to roconstitu'o itself.' Temperance at Melbourne. — Tho ' HornldV telegram states that thej twenty seventh annual toinpornnco meeting wns hold in tho T'enipoianco Hall, Molbourno, on Monday night. The report was satisfactoiy. Tenders havo been aecoptod for build ing a hall on the prcsont sito, Russoll street, to cost Two 1'eiisons Killed hy rein a thrown out op a Bcaav. — Tho Dubbo correspondent of the 'Western Post' reports Hint Mr Gcorgo Smith wns in a buggy on tho the day of polling, in Dnbbo, with Mr W. lieakes. who wos driving, Mr Mark Mangiug store keeper to Mr Brockloburst.of Burraway station, and some ono olso. By accident, according to the inquest. Manning was thrown out of tho vohicle when emerg ing nt a fast rate from Wingowarra into Macquarie streot, and George Smith also Tho former was killed instantly. Tho latter lingered, but never spoke ofter tho concussion. Manging was buried on tho 24th, and Smith on Christmas Day, Manging leaves a , widow and nino oliildren. A moro lamentable ocour \ rence could not have happoned in Dubbo. Fatal Accident on the Ci.iffs af Newcastle — K Tlio ' Cbroniolo ' of' yestorday reports : — It ia 0'j» H painful duty to rooord the doatb, by occidont, of. M boy, naniod Arthur John Josiah Bnrgoyno, aged' si* Hf years, son of Mr Thomas Burgoyno, who residos near II the Gas Works, Blanc-streot, which molancboly ovont i took plneo on the Cliffs, on Saturday (Now Year'a 1 Day), whilst attending a picnio ihcro. A magisterial 1 inquiry was held on the body, at tlio Court-bouso 1 yesterday, when tlio following ovidenco was adducod' 1 — Thomas Burgoyno stated . I reside near tho Gas 1 Works; 1 went, 011 Snturday, in company Willi my i wife and tlireu sons, to a picnio, held on tho,clif}j 1 opposite tho barrack wall; my wifo and mysolf wen I assisting nt tlio picnic, nnd the boys wont to play, I liutweon 3 nnd 4 o'clock I was informed that my gou § Arthur John Josiah Burgoyno, hnd fallon ovorths 1 ciifl ; I went to tbe bench and found bim doad. TI13 | deceased was six years of ngo. William ltoubon 1 L'urgoy no, brother to deceased, deposod : 1 went in i company with the deceased and another boy d0ivn 1 a path nt tho side of Ihe cliff. Wo turned back nnj 1 wore neaily at :ho top when I hoard my nnmeenilej H out by the deeensed, and on looking round I saw hjm || 011 his hands and foot slipping do^n, end then be I went head loreir.ost down tho cliff- Deceased wai I closo to ine and nobody touched him. Dr, Knngcj H deposed that, ou Saturday evening, ho was called (j 1 tho hispital to seo a child that had fallen off tb8 E cl ffs ; he found him quite dead The Hock was broken 1 and the middle portion of thespino; such injuria II would cause instant death. m Frightful .'Accident. — It is reporled in tlie'Yay 11 Courier that an inqu at wns held on tho 28th ultimo nt Mrs Dougl.is's, White Swan Hotel, Yass, on (|jj Bp body of Willinm M'Master M'Konzio. Stuart iH M'Ker.zio, tho father of deceased, stated that his soa H would have been 10, years old next January. Here. 11 sided at Throsby Creek. He was not at homo when 9 tbe nccidunt happened, Ho had last soon bis boy l§ alive on Christinas ove. When bo returned homo oi p the Sunday following ho brai d of his dentil. No one H knew ot tho death until Sunday. Search had beea p made 011 Saturday. Tho body of deeonsed was found p on tho roadside below his paddock. He first saw tbe li dead body when it was on a vheetnf burk carriod by bii p brothers. His wifo hnd beon taken ill on Cbriatmai ii evo, Mid his brothers woio taking tho body (0 their p own place, not wishing to frighten his wife, j]e p however, hnd the body taken homo. Ho reported tin & matter to tho polico and to Mr Bcsnard. Tlie body ^ is dreadfully bruised, Tho nose is completely dinged I® in, and his little eyes are burnt in his head, lie b:. |j lieved that ono arm nnd onu log were broken, Nooni H snw the boy go out on horseback. His wifo knew that If tbeir son wns going out. He had his permission to iidi p the more. John M'Kenzio, undo of doceased, stated that a man named Davies told them first that the boy wns dead, llo believed Mr IJ. Busnard saw tho body $ first. Mr Nr Besnard took down the statements of Mr P P. Besnaid and Mr Davies in writing (tlieso doca. =5! ments were not to hand, however) Ho and liii || brother went and found tho body lying on its fncooa ;f tho edge oT the road. Wo wore taking it to our own place whon deceasod's father told us to enrry thi jgj body homo. Deeonsed wns thrown from his borst 0. and dragged. Ho had tracked tbe distinct marks of S dragging for 174 yards. Ou the track there wnsi -5f sapling with blood 011 it, .whero deceasod's head most have struck, Ho beliovod he had been bucked off, at M bo bad discovered markn of four distinct bucks mad) & by tho maro, near which marks bo found tho hat el ip deceased and a pair of hobblos, As there was nt IS medical man in attendance tho coronor examined the |p body, wbioh he said presonted a dreadful appearance, tho nasal nnd frontal bones being smashed in. The ^ jury icturned a verdict ofaacidontal death by falling j?® from a horse. The English Pedestrians. — According to the ' Australasian,' tho presencoof tho English footracei! in Melbourno renders tho subject of pedcstriaiiism 6^' one of unusual prominonco among 1 110 other reorca- S' tions of tho dny- In reply to a challenge from Harris II there is an offor from b raille Hewitt, champion of IS England, to run him 150 yards. 200 yards, 300 yard?, 440 yards, and 880 yards, for £100 a-sido each ovent, H tlio races to extend ovor two days, nnd to como oS ffjjl on tho Molbourno Crickct Ground. A deposit of£2i) g for each ovent (or £100 n all) has boon innde as an ES oarnest of Hewitt's good laitli. Toploy, tho chnmpioi walker of tho world, is prepnred to accept tb- if] challenge of Mr J J. Miller, after ho has mado good M tho latter part of his present engagements in Vietom k| nnd the other colonies, llo undertakes to walk M twenty-ono milos in threo hours, for £200 a-side 1 p -'j feat said to havo never been porfornied boforo by any y . j ono but himself and Westall. Supernatural Appearance.- One night last week (says the Kiama 'Pilot') a young man was coming from Shoalhaven, when he beheld what he believed was a ghost, or something very like one. On cross- ing Mount Pleasant, he was riding Ieisurely along the night being dark, but sufficiently light enough to enable him to discern objects, when, without any previous intimation, his horse started at something. Simultaneously, a strange noise was heard, and on looking down to the side of the road, he beheld the spectre. Tho head was only visible, and he described it as being larger in size than a cow's. The ears were as long as a person's arm, while the eyes appeared as large as a man's fist and kept whirling round and round. The horse immediately started, and did not halt till near Kiama. We have been informed that another individual observed something startling on Sunday night, not long ago, about the small hours. He was returning home, and when between Mount Pleasant and Kiama, a creature in the form of a man, about 6 feet in height, —with black stripes down each of his legs, and minus a head, made its appearance very near his horses head. The individual looked at it, and continued his course but several times he noticed it following him at brisk pace. He immediately put spurs to his horse and the ghost taking the hint quickened his pace. They raced for some distance, when suddenly the spectre 'vanished into thin air.'' Such are the circumstances as related to us. We refrain from giving any opinion on the matter. They were related to us in all sincerity on the night of the occurrence, and the witness was very nervous, ail |. 'all of a shake.' The only conclusion we can arrive at is that the spectre might have been 'Parke's Ghost,' taking a tour round his beloved constituency. Stabbing at Gunning. — On Taosdny evening liil £ (says tho ? Yass Courier ') a man named Cbatld Bohen wns brought to tho Ynss hospital from One- f( ning It nppoars that Bonen, who is aploughinon i: f* tho employment of Mr Best, hnd heon drinking witi ?; his mato, one William Balfour, at Mr Grovenor's liott Gunning- On leaving tho bar, they took botrt f. witb thom to Bohon'a hut somo spirits in 1 i; bottle. Towards dawn 011 tho morning of tlio 29:1 'f, ultimo, Balfour ran down to M* Best and soil ^ excitedly to him, 'you'd best go nnd seo your man I believo l'vo stnbbed him.' Bohon, who wasfonm ;j in his hut, stupid with drink and weak from the lo 1 g of blood from tho stabs in his chest, rcmombere! ?j nothing of the circumstances which gavo rise to It ;. affair. Fortunately tho wounds aro not of a *eij §? sorious nature. Balfour is at present in tlio Yass g gaol on remand. He will bo b ought up next \Yei | nesday before tho Yass Bench. Death from Drowning ? Tlio Oily Coroner be. 1 nn inquest yesterday morning, nt tho Oriodio; | j , Young Hotel, Watorloo, respecting tho death ol s-j ; child nainod William M'Giegor. Dianiah M'Giego i; ( the mother of fbo child, stated that the deceased « a i a littlo more than two yoara old ; tho last timo si snw him alive was about 3 o'clock on last Sundi g aftornoon ; ho loft homo at that hour with thu g | . other children of hers to see tboir grandmother, si £ resided a short distanco away; about three-quntli r| of an hour after thoy left homo, her son, aged 5 | j years, returned and snid that ' Willio ' wns do' j| , grnudmothor's well ; she immediately wout down » | found tho body lying in her mother's liouso; A | ^ Moon stated that sho was a widow, and resided ii a houBo situated botween Pitt and George stree | ( Waterloo ; Ihe deoeasod was her grandson ; botwtj i ) 3 nnd 4 o'clock last Sunday aftornoon, deceas j . with his brother and two sisters camo down to I I j house to wish hor a happy now year; sho was in I i buck ynrd when tliey came in ; she went round tot 1 ^ front to bring them somo fruit; the girls follow t ^ her; whilst gatheiing fruit, one of the girls remart jj that she did n- t see littlo Willio ; she went iinint j ^ ately to look for him and found him struggling in I g water in tho woll ; sho gavo tho alarm, and a lioighbi | ? ? „ Delia— came and recovored the body ; abi | a qnartor of an hour had elapsed from tho arrival g| ' Ihe children at hor place to ihe timo she saw dccm|| ' in the well ; bIio did not think more than n guarES J ofnn hour elapsed from tho timo she first saw® * body in tho well until its recovory by Air Delia ;ig » nnd tho children' wcro tho only persons on IK| « premises ; after tho body had been recovoied. Hansaid, who had already been sent for, arrivod, «KJ « adopted means to restore animation, but nitluB success. Dr Hansard stated that on first exannniM 1 the child, I10 looked upnu it as a hopcloss cosoi|g « adopted the uaual remedies to restore suspenw ? animation, but without avail ; there woro no innrBMg ' injury or violeuco whatevor on the body, which Ira tho appearanco of having boon just takon out ol gj water ; death resulted from asphyxia from droffiii« 1 The jury returned a voBdiet to tho , H ' l,, child was accidentally drowned by fnlliog r gj . welh — 4 Herald.' H t)Fip Bodv Found.— Tlio Eurongilly corrcspond nnt ortho Wngga Wngga ' lixpress', under date 21st nltimo, narrates tlio following On Friday last, as two voting men named Robert Patten and Georgo ' «|.nura woro riding within sight of tlio station ol Mr Morris a liorri bio and sickening succtaclo mot thoir ' ' „ ''within about forty yards of a road leadii-.,j to Iiin'o kiln thore lay stretched upon tlio ground tho Intilntcd form of a human being, and down to tho very boots utterly divested of overy partical of cloth ? _ ono of tho arms wns gone, and decomposition , Infd 80 far dono its ghastly work that all hopo of iiluntifioation was out of the question. By aomotho main9 havo boon supposed to be thoso of a Churn iron but this supposition has sinco been generally roico'tcd, as, upon closer examination, thohair upon tlio skull was found to bu[mueh finer and silkier than j usually the case with tlio natives of tho ('clestial Finpiro. Tlio whole of tho ciroilm tauccs attending this incident aro moro than extraordinary, nnd havo rrivoti rise to an endless amount of very unsatisfactory coniecturo, It is exceeding strango that a (led body should, under any circumstances, l ave lain unnoticed ns long as this ono ovHontly must havo dono within actual sight of a station, aud it is still moro strango that it should havo found its way thithor naked, and tliat nowhere in tho bush around any fragments of clotliin' should havo been found. Tho wholo affair is surrolinded with murdor and foul play, and it is to bo hoped for tho relict of tlio public mind, will bo satisfactorily cleared up. Tho Cootamundry police |, ive been informed of tho occurrence, nnd tho fullest inquiries will, doubtless bo instituted. KOUOORED FltACAS BETWEEN T.VO JUSTICES OF THE IVace ? The 'Western Bxvminor ' says that it ia rumoured that a fracas oecuried recently' at Molong, botweon two gentlomen, both Justices of tlio Ponce, each of whom ought to have known hotter. So fai ns we can learn tho slumbering embers ot passion worn evoked by electionootirg proceedings, and blows quickly followed words, until a ring was f. fined and tho conflict proceeded on regie at 2 o'clock in the morning. Nat having received a reliable version of the affair, wo do not givo the names (f these worthios, but trust tho Government will llnvc sufficient feeling for tho dignity of the Bench to cause strict inquiry to be mado in the matter. Shocking Cuijbi.ty to a Mare- — The following instance of barbarous cruelty is recorded by tho ? fl-niliquiii Chronicle : — Mr Runt, tho baker and con fectioner, his a mnre, used in his business, which last Fridiy evening at six o'clock was snfe in the stnblo to tlio roar of his shop. Next morning tho animal was missed. Biting subsequently found on tho com mon, the moro was brought home, and when there fonnil to havo bad her tongue cutout, and hor body cut and mutilatod. Since tho shooting ot the horses belonging to Mr Willou'hhy. now some five years buck, nothing approaching this in atrooity has occurred, and for tho wretched perpetrator of tho last criino lynching would ho too mild a punishment. It strains .-trnnge, quiet, aud inoffensive citizens should lio subjected to these cruel violences ou their pro perty j but tho rascals who commit them are usually 1 10 cunning and secretive to allow of their being dis ?covered, and the only probatilo chance of this sccins ti be for the Government to offer a largo reward, and j tuis attempt to sedueo cne of tho gang, through his sj iliWity, to turn informer. Deatu by Di'.owning. — Tho City Coronor liold an inqnest at the Daniel Lambert Hotel, Newtown, yes terday, respiting the death of a boy named Peter Stephen Murphy. John Murphy, the fatlior of tbe boy, deposed that tho deceased was li years of age ; nbout half-past 9 o'clock on Saturday morning, he and his wifo left homo to go to a picnic; thoy left their four children, 'tbe eldost of whom wss only 10 years of age, in tho house, thero is a waterholoin the yard, covered by a trapdoor; before leaving homo bo placed a fourteen gallon boiler upon the trapdoor; tbe boiler was full of water; ho left a bucket of water for tho ?children to use, so as not to give thrill occasionto go to tlio well; ho also cautioned them against going to tbe well ; whon ho returned about half-past -i o'clock ia the evening he missed the deceased ,- he inquired for bim, and bis eldest daughter said be was at a friend's house at Cnmpcrdtwn ; be sent his wifo to hoc if the child was there ; he then wont into the yard, when lio found tho boiler and trapdoor h id been tnken off the welll on making inquiries his eldest daughter s.iiil that she and the girl had removed the trapdoor, and that the lady who lived next door had told them to do so ; by this liine his wife bad returned from 'Oamperdown, and informed him that she had not found tho child ; ho then got tho grappling irons, and proceeded to search tho well j after a short timo tliu body was brought to the surface; after recover inj 'bo body lie sent for Dr. Sedgwick, who came and prononnccd life extinct; a small billy, with 11 rope attached to it, was also takon out ol thu well, Mary Dymock s'atcd that she was a married woman, ami resided in O'Connell, Newtown, next dooi to John Murphy; tho santo uell which supp'ios her premises ?also snppliis Mr Murphy's ; nbout one o'clock on Saturday morning sho saw Murphy's children on tho j well; thero was a boiler of water on tho trap door, and one of the children was bathing in it ; some of ! the water wa3 running into the well, and she told the { oldest girl to take the children into tbe kitchen if sho | wanted to wash tliem; sho told thom to take the i bailor off tho well ; tbe eldest (laugl)ter and another I girl took the boiler oS tho trap-door, -and stood it j alongside the well ; she sent thom away from iho ' well, and told thom not to return ; she did not aoo | any of thom nt the woll again. Johannah Mary j Murphy deposed that sho was washing her youngest i -sister-find brother in the boiler on tho top of the ! 'well, when Mrs Dymock told hor to remove the | bailor; she did so ; her brother then opened tlio -. itrnp-duor of tho well, and commenced drawing up j water in the billy (now produced); she pulled his ear,an cent t.im :-wny from the well; sho aud Alary j 'Connor, the gni who was with hor, went into the \- kitchen, and soon ulterwnrds missed her brother; she made seaicli for him. but could not find liiui. Dr K d^vick was of opinion that deceased met with his death by drowning. A verdict of ' Accidental ?death ' was returned by the jury. I'iiadd on a Sydney Bank.— The E, S and A. j Chartureil Bank of Sydney was on Friday last robbed j of tho sum of £100. The fraud came about in this ;i Av:iy; — Somo timo back a small account was openod i iu iho name of F. II, Leo with tho Newton branch ;j of the Commcroial Bank, and on the 29th December I -a ni in opened another account in tho name of .'I William Oliver at tho 13. S. aud A. Chartered Bank, j paying iu what purported to bo Lee's clicquo on tho ; New ton branch of tho Commercial for £o-13. Two j days afteiwnrds, on Friday, Oliver's cheque for £100 i -was presented and paid before tho fate of tlio cheque '| for £5lj3 had been ascertained Two men aro already ?I in custody charged with conspiracy to defraud and the whole of the monoy with the oxception of about £30 has been recovered. Joseph Salisbury, ofCG, 1 pjjthurst.streot, printer of a publication cnlled the IolieoNews, was arrested by dotective Elliott on SUurday tno nii.g, and a man named Gioig, who bad boon employed by Salisbury or bad hnd business transaction^ with him, has since beon an est ed by a ?detective, with tho assistanco of the local police,' nt . , in. lie wns brought down to Sydney last nijilit, Grelg had £18G in his possession when take, n in o custody. Salisbury appeared in custody beforo . ' tlie rohco Magistrate {Captain Scott) yesteidav j morning ; and, after the evidence of tho apprehending i j 'n,8 lmt' '10'n taken, wns remanded ?til fliiirijaj, hail being refused. Detective ' nott depn-ed that ho rop.il tho warrant to tho prisoner which charged him anil others with having t-. .',0li ?'ii 0 3(^t'1 0f Doeomber, at Sydney, P '''awfully conspired, combined, confederated, and J08'1 '-lid by divors fnlso pretences and *i„... i i?8' flllsoly anc^ fraudulently obtained to win' ?' B[vo? . ? 11111 0 £10'. the money of tho bank, w tl intent to choat and defraud.' Elliott accused ni . 1°''!' mtl.' identified himself with that of 'inn i'53'''® 0,10 '10 *-'0 notes (the procoeils ?rn M ?.T.0-,,Uq'?)- I11'1 iu otl.or ways Prisoner j ' ,. ,' I'1*0 right; I have identified myself outlinrir ^ W° ^ rem,lrk that the pol ce n -X ^ ,t0 b0 onlitlu(- to credit for the was thoinfn , -?' w p'1 ''°y acted, for no sooner £ tlmn stcr' m .''i' 01 rolj,,017 conveyod to tlioin I one of flm I™ tn''cn to intercept nt various po nts, | have left towu!!!^ iC^j'pl'C0S wl'° was roportcd to 1 hejfod'n'«M- Ar,'ui't 'n a Wife.— Iu a notice 1 relates tho fnM ll)sbaiul' 1,10 ' Burrungong Argus' I lust ,oll10)vl'? 0,180 °f brutality:— 'A mnn 1 cliililren U'a(io-!»a »ifo-who ia the mother of three I luads n7~J? , a 'lr,rac and drny and fetch two I =ml after.'0,' fmlacaok ofwater from tho bush. I tor down anH te' wns 'ot 1(-ady bo knocked I Mbmanlv ae i t bC^ hot aU'tofmen. This I ond, osakii.it t'll'own in his tooth, \- 2 o'clock in tho ruvu.'8ui lln returned homo drunk at 1 «ud beat hor wVth''!^ ' d,'°8S^ bis wifo out d bed a tlio bush in i, ? , ® chain. She run through 'i quarter of a miln'n'' 1 to 11 Wond's lionso a I 0«n hrr^/ ™ who to'urned with hor to hor I miles without . ' ,'';ru while sho wont four stncld'e9 for n cart to I sliowcnt to tho^nfii?!' *?J w'1'cl1 having obtainod, I *beir we ? , l,nG-; °f ,or ™lat''-»-8'Who did all in* '^baad which hotn ° Uer 'ot '0 'Sain join her | -one '? wlllcb- 'owover, wo undorstand sho has Fat it, Acciiikst in a Oow.ieuy.— An inqnost was held at Anvil Creek, on Saturday (snys tho ' Alnit land Moicury ') hy tho district (joronei- Mr James Thomson, upon tlio body of Uichnrd B-icltriiniti, a minor, who hnd been killod in the Anyl Oieek conl pit on tlio previous day, under the following circiin atances: — lu tho forenoon d.-censed was at. work in the pit nnderminiiwi t:.o coal, find had c-^envntoil a npncu about four or five feet in longfi and about three-quarter;! of a yard wide. incensed was warned by a fellow workman that lie ought to put n ??sprng' or mippoit un.ler tlio coal, hut he said lie had littlo moro to undermine liefer.! taking the c r.l (town. Tli ) whole mass presently fell upon bim, nnd crushed him to death instant mer.iisly. Xf'ii;ep;o caution of putting in a 'spi-ag ' had been token, tho accident would not have bapponed. There is always a sufficient supply ot timii:'i l;cpt in the pit, and it was not considered that nny bluine was nttoeh able to any cno tiut ilifceafl-. d himself. Mi Farthing, tho owner of tho pit, said it wns not u-nal for the coal in his pit to give way if L-ft unsupported, but it roquiied to be wedgod or blasted to bring it down. Ho did not consider it necessary to use props at the place whero doceased was working when the coal fell Tho coal tlmt crushed deceased was a solid mass o: coal. Deceased was usnnlly a sober man, and at tho timo of his death was a total abstainer llo leaves a wifo and six children. The jury returned a Verdict of uccideutiil death by the falling upon docuased of a mass of coal. Burning of a Wheat Field. — Last week (says the 4 Western Examiner ') a wheat field, the properly of Mr D. Kennedy, of Ponto, was completely destroyod by firo The fire is supposed to bo accidental, and to have arisen out of the carelessness of some travellers, who campod noar tho fence of tho field, and lighted n fire tliore, sparks from which wero blown into tho crop, which being very dry soon idnzed, and was entirely destroyed. Tho loss is a severe one tn Mr Kennedy, following immediately after the had seasons of tho past timo yeais. , Narrow Escape fiom Bleeding to Death. — A rather singular ovent 1ms occurred at ltockhamptou, Mr Fisher, ono of tho directors, and the opener up of the Itosewood Copper Mine, left Westwood by tlio train for Uockhiimpton, and went directly to his hotel : he had tea and conversed freely with those at the table upon business and other matters. After tea ho said he wns tired and would go aud lie down. About 0 o'clock til u company in the coffee room heaid something dropping ou tho fio;r directly above, anil fancied that water had been spilled, aud thinking that it would trickle through, a basin wns placed on tho floor; almost dircctly a drop tell, and it was found to be blood, Mr Oomtonsy. a gentleman who is stopping nt Fitzroy, ran up stairs, opened the door, and saw Mr Fisher lying insensible oil his bed, with all the clothes about him perfectly saturated with blood ; ho immediately gave the alarm, and medical assistance having buen procured, it was then found that the blood was flowing from an artery in the neighborhood of tho groin, arid it was supposed that Mr Fisher, while nslecp, had kickotl violently, and thus opened an old wound. Active steps wcio directly takon, the artery sown up, and ice applied. Mr Fisher was restored to sensibility, but he lies in a very prccniious state. Snake-bite Antidote — The 'Argns' gives some particulars with regard to tho mode in which tho injection of ammonia iuto tho veins acts io cases of Enako-hilc, About 1 p.m.', December 21, Mrs Donovan, in crossing a log fence nt Kcdesdale, noticod a brown snnko coilcd round her foot. Sho foil down, at d on getting up saw the snako escaping. She noticed a spot of blood ou liei stocking. On going homo an attempt was made to scarify the wound with a pair of scissors, and the wound was also sucked. Afterwards sho took two nobblers of brandy, nnd applied Shire's antidote. At 6 p,ni , whon brought to tho Kyneton Hospital, no had symptoms, except drowsiuoss, appeared, lint later iu the evening this increased, and more brandy was given; in nM, from the timo of the bite till near midnigi. 7 nz. The stimulants were now stopped, bnt hy 12,-10 the patient had become mueli worse; could not bo kept ou her feot nor awake without, shaking; pupils dilated, extremities cold nnd clammy. In consulta tion it wns decided to try Professor Halford's treat ment. Twelve and a half minims of the s rongest liquor ammonia diluted with twicc as much water, were injected into a vein of the forearm, The patient moused instantly. '? L do not feel a bit sleepy now,' sho said ; iu a few seconds the bauds became burn ing hot; she u -w complained of hondachc, ihe veins of tho forehead wero distonded, and peispiration broke out in her face ; she retched a little, and then said that sho felt quite woll and began to walk up and down without help. At 8 a.m. she ate n hearty breakfast, and at 11 a.m insisted on going homo. Sho has continued well ever aince. Doos in Council. — An unusual gioupiug of the canino spocics loi-Ic place during tho aldormnnic sceanceat the Town 1-lnll, yesterday afternoon.' At an early stago of tho prociiedings, the uninvited guests comprised a very largo kangaroo dog and a mongrel; but at a hit or hour, and tho Council sat abovit threo, a triumvirate was formed by tho accession of a kangaroo dog pup, foaming at tho mouth, who after sundry gyrations, during which there seemed every probability tliufc he would either fall into a fit or jump through the glass doors, and precipitate himself from tho ba'cony into tho street. Btuck his tail igno minioualy between his legs, nnd »trctclitng.liis fore feet in the manner of an isoccles trinuglo, ensconced himself, and remained as completely at bay under the Oouiicil tabic. Tho cuno sofas were vacated in con siderable confusion. Alderman Bown vociferously addressing tho eh .ir, said ' We want no dogs in the Council ' ' It's your dog,' ' It'B yours,' ejaculated the aldermen to each other in recriminatory tones. Alderman Macintosh, who also disdained any con nection with the animal, and was understood to Bay ho never hud a dog iu Iii3 life, endeavored to coax it from its retreat. The piosiding alderman thrust back the mayoral chair, and retreated in dignified disgust; and it was somo tiir.e before the intruder, seeing he was opposed on all sides, and that the constablo in attendance had been press d into tho service, thought it was time to move. Soared away by a 'unanimous 1 hoorush,' and a baker's dozen of uplifted arms, suffi ciently alarming to havo frightened tho wildest herd of cattle, tho unfortunate animal, amid cries of ' He's mad I* rotreatod down tho southern sfaircasc. The folding doors were carefully closed, and leopuncd as soon as tho honorable body had recovorod thoir equanimity. — Empire. Electioneeeinq Uows — The ' Biirrowa Express,' in alluding to the Lnchlaii elections, sta'os from nine o'clock in the morning until the result of tho polling at this place wits known, the Courthouse yard was densely crowded with the ' free and enlightened ' from the surrounding neighbourhood. Much bantcr and 'chaffing ' wore indulged in by tCioso nssoinbled ; but the utmost good humour prevailed until the h.tter part r,f the evening, when some little commotion was raised hy sundry individuals, gifted with hut a very slight modicum of discretion, giving vent to their exeitemont inn very objectionable way, viz , by bespattering with oggs in a s'ato of putroscenco certain of our townfolk who had — personally or politically - become obnoxious to them. This silly prnctico is quite indefensible, and can have no other result than to increase the bitterness and seotarian rancour that already prevailed hore to a great extent, avd which it should bo the duty of every lovor of ponce and quietness to use his host exuitions to diminish, it possible. During tlio day, about 1 S i persons (chiefly composed of tlio native born population) formed themselves into a procession and inarched through tlio town preceded by a green rtiul blue flag, on which tho qualities of tho native candidate woro inscribed in neat and appropriate characters, extolling tlio oloqiienco, talent, and liberality of tho ' Australian O'Connell,' as Mr W. B. Dalloy has hccu happily termed. With tho ex ception of tlio matter before alluded to — tho 'rotten egg'1 process— tho olection hero passed oil in a quiet nnd poaccablo manlier. But as much cannot bo said for Murrtimburrah, whero a disturbance was occa sionod by tlio silly desiro for display of a liory zealot, who induced two of his employoos to boar an Orango flag in triumph through the streets, tho words 'Dalloy for over I' being' inscribed upon it in smudged characters, as if dono with a pieco of char, conl, or something equully suitable As tlio colour of tho flag denoted that tho inscription was only intended by way of derision, and to bring Mr Dalley's name inlo ridicule, a few of that gontloman's supporters, naturally inccnscd at what they deemed an insult to ono for whom thoy feol Biich profound admiration, determined to mako a seizure of such an ingenious source of annoyance, | and consign it to destruction. On making the nt tompt, however, tho gentleman who walked by tho sidoof tlio standard boarcr, and who had oxprcsscd his determination to dofund bis colors, struck wi'.li a heavy walking-stick the first individual who endea vored to appropriate the obnoxious flag; but another guntluman proved more succcssftil, and after wrest ing tho flag from tho boarcr, immediately tore it to ribbons. _ No furthor attempt at violence was ;nade; and had it not been for tho roprehensiblo conduct of tho individual whoso procedure could not fail to dis turb tho poaco and harmony of tho community, tho polling-day in Murrumburrnh would have provod tamo and uuoxciting in tho extremo. Labour and tub Crops — In roforanco to tho crops and scarcity of labour tho ? Albury Banner' has the fo lowing The crops of wheat and oats liavo gener ally been unusual y heavy in this district this season .Somo of the crops wero much laid by the last heavy rain, which came down ill the thick of harvesting operations; and considerable loss was occasioncd by over l-ipo grain being shaken out of tho ear by the lato storm of wind. Tho stripper has been busily at work but where that implement has not been avail able tliei o has been much difficulty in getting the crops gathered as much as 25s por acre having be n refused for hand reaping, in future the sso of machinery in harvesting will no doubt become still more general than io tho case at prosont. Tho vines look well everywhere. ' Manaiioo Election — According to tho ' Emp ro' thero is a majority for tho lion D. IOgan !)2 Threo other returns yet to como in, but it is not yet ex pected tliey can alter tho final result. HBoE2«Wi»3''s flsa!Bs. Stomach Li vcr and Bowels.— In all painful affec tions of tho stomach, and disordered actions of the | liver and bowels, ono sing'o trinl of thoso Pills will demonstrate that they possess regulating nnd renova ting powers in a high dogreo They speedily restore tho appetite, lesson tho unpleasant distention of tho abdomen, and so prevent inflamation of tho bowels, and other abdominal ailments Holloway's Pills afford the greatest comfort to tho dyspeptic invalid without harrassing or weakening tho most sonsitivo constitution, or interfering materially with tho ordi nary studies, pleasures, or pursuits Tho simplicity and 'efficiency of this trcatinont has evoked tho grati tude of all classes in both hemispheres anil, com- manded a sale for these purifying Pills unprecedented in medical history. 