NEW ZEALAND. (FROM OUB OWN OOBSBSPONDSNT.) DUNEDIN, Oct. 5. , I IjTy Uat letter, wh'enl lead it now in your oolumns, appears like,fin illustration of the : fijdage ^about 4Ube delusiveness of haman ' hopes. - " Mr. Fox was right when he said the ? ; war is stampedout" A lew months of com' ; latativepeace, each month quieter thanks pre cureor.ledmato make thatstatement. Techni cally, it is probably correct The war which began ^pitb the outbreak of Tito Kowaru and, jtheescabeof the Chatham leland prisoners under Te Kqoti'a leadership, has subsided; . , apdltssubsidence certainly appears to be thu ^sult.oif a series of victories on oar part, and a'careml occupation of each posts as are likely to bold the xema&der; ofthe "rebels" in check. *s But . the animosity of certain tribes ^ jui4 / their power to do us mis ? chief |xe very far from being "stamped ,-ont" apdif Jhe war is at an end it is'soloe close we shall ,c*li the next outbreak a new wjar. How soon I may have to chtoniolo «ach an ev$jt |t is impossible to divine, but afttfr the events of the past month, no one can venture to be vety sanguine as to the future. 8nch glimpses as we have obtained of the position,, purposes, and ideas of those natives who are not on friendly terms with the pakelia, show only one gleam of sunshine. There appears to be little or no anion amougst them. So long as they do not com bine we need hardly fear any serious disaster, although anyone section of them may single handed give ns infinite trouble. On the East Coast for some time past we have contented ourselves with setting friendly Maorie8 to catch Te Kooti, which, with much bluster, they are continually promising to do. The accounts of their various expeditions have reached yon from time to time, and I need hardly remind your readers that they have all' bad one refrain, "Agreat victory, bttt Te Kooti again escaped." Latterly, whilst various bodies of natives, some under native some under European leadership, have been scouring the Uriwera country, capturing old women and accepting the surrender of half-starved Hau-haus, Te Kooti, with such following as he still retains, have always been somewhere or other where no one went to seek him, although, if we are to believe constantly re peated statements, he never attempted to leave the hiding-place to which he retreated at the beginning of the winter. With return ing spring, however, he appears to have taken heart again. We hear of his suddenly appear ing at LakeWaikaiemoana with 100 men early last month. This news is followed by the assur ance that he has gone off to Tokangamuta to see the King. He is not short of ammunition; he iB not short of Bupplies; and if the number of men reported to be with him is not very great, we may remember, with uneasy sensa tions, that it does not fall very far short of that with which he commenced his career of rapine and murder little more than two years ago. Scarcely had this unwelcome information reached us when, the little community of New Plymouth, which has for so many years "lived in the midst of alarms," was startled out of such sense of security as a year's peace had made to creep over it by the news that Tito Kowaru had passed with an armed fol lowing within three miles of the town, on his way to the native meeting at Pariaka. When this was reported by telegraph from Nelson, the Government very promptly despatched some 40 men of the armed constabulary, who were taken round to Taranaki in FT. M.S. Blanche. Thus, England's "last ship" (in these waters) fulfilled Lord Granville s pro mise, without waiting for the danger from without which was to have been the con dition precedent of such help. This prompti tude was probably very valuable. The fact that a Queen's ship conveyed the reinforce ments would, no doubt, be quickly known amongst the natives throughout the district If mischief was brewing, this show of pre* paredness would be quite enough to put a stop to it, or, at least to postpone it. From what I nave been able to learn, however, it does not appear that any attack, was con templated. As a considerable portion of the force originally despatched in the Blanche has since returned in her to Wellington, we may conclude that the Government does not feax any outbreak. To those at a distance, however, the whole affair is very perplexing. The news that Tito Kowara had passed within sight of New Plymouth, with 80 armed men in his train, proved to be perfectly correct. He passed south to the scene of his old vic tories and defeats, and made a sort of senti mental journey to the various places where his comrades ielL On the sixth day of the Pariaka meeting he made his appearance there. He was received with loud cries of welcome as befitted the occasion when so great a patriot made a public entry into the kainga of his friends, the whole crowd of those natives who played the hosts at this meeting going out to meet him waving branches of trees over their heads. On hiB arrival at the village he and Mr. Parris, civil commissioner of Her Majesty's Government in New Zea i land, spent an hoar or two in rating one another soundly, and then everybody went to dinner. The next day Tito Kowara intimated to Te Whiti his royal pleasure. He had come to know what all the talk had been about This ascertained, he expressed his contempt of Te Whiti's proceedings; declared his inten tion not to attack any body unless molested, but to retaliate if his face was scratched; and went away. .If your readers will look at the map and see where this happened-will keep in mind that Tito Kowaru is the native leader of whom until this thing happened we were accustomed to say that he was hiding for his life-will remember that Mr. Commissioner Partis is the representative of the Govern ment to the natives of the district where all this happened; that he went to the meeting with the knowledge that Tito Kowaru was in the neighbourhood and intended to go to Pariaka, and further( that he had informed the Government of this fact and asked instruc tions how to act-if they will combine all this with the recollection of our recent campaign on the West Coast against this Tito Kowaru and his cannibal horde-they will undo stand what I mean when I say that the whole of this Pariaka affair is a mystery to those of us who live at a distance from the scene, and excites in our minds gloomy forebodings of new massacres of defenceless settlers, another war, and another war loan, and an indefinite postponement of all zeal progress in the sister island. Tito Kowaru, whom we are sup. posed to'be "hunting to death," marches, with 80 well-dressed, well-equipped, armed men, through our province of Taranaki, along the roads our settlers have made, to look at the spots where his victories against us were achieved, and to mourn over the comrades slain when reverses befel his arms, meets the representative of our Government in the vil lage of a so-called friendly tribe, abuses him and the pakeha generally to his heart's con tent : sn&ps; his fingers in his face, and then marches back through or on the skirts of oar settlements to ^rhathe calls his home, flinging at our heads as he leaves the announcement, " If my face is scratched I will retaliate." This man has bat 80 followers i he takes no pains to curry favonr with Te Whiti or any one else, yet he defies us openly, and our Native Commissioner sits and listens to him; our Armed oonstabnlary, instead of try ing to capture him, takes shipping and goes home to barracks In the capital where nothing'wote harassing than daily drill can interfere with its comfort, and the Govern ment and the oountry looks on aoquiesoent If new massacres, a >new. war, and a new war loan follow, shall we not reap what ve have sown? The garrison of New Plymouth, before Tito Kowaru made his ap pearance on th» scene, was 13; now, I be lieve, it is abput doublethat number. The total effective force of the militia of the pro vince of Taranaki is 7L Had Tito Kowaru : been disposed for a mid on New Plymouth,. there is everyjreason to believe that he might have burnt the town, helped himself to a gbod.. store of ^ammunition, and returned quietly home with very little damage to his fftroe. ;? ; [The meeting at Pariaka, which brought B&r.; Parris ana Tito .Kowaru faoe to faoe, .appears to have been a Jiatoo. Te Whiti li' *' man of some iniiuenoo jamongthe natives, and bis summons appears to have been freely responded to. His manifesto was-" Taranaki btttan the war, and Taranaki most end it" Bat when it came to the point) it appeared that Te Whiti's idea; of ending the war was ; thus embodied-"King,no good. Queen no good-Te Whiti is the onljr man who has cared for his people," When Tito Kowarn asked him who was behind him, te., who would support his pretensions, he replied, "There & one Father, one Son, ana one Holy Ghost; altogether these are thtee- yes, they are three, yetate but one; and that 1st!" It is hardly to be wondered at that Tito Kowaru should have exclaimed contemptu ously of the meeting, "Your talk-what is there in it ?-I don't see the end." As Pariaka is not to be found on any pub lished map, it may be well to state, for the information of your readers, that it lies be tween Mount Egmont and the sea, a few miles from the cape usually named after that moan tain, but known locally as West Cape. An. ntelligent correspondent of a local news paper thus characterises it" Pariaka ia a sort of refuge for these vagabonds, and it is to this place they fy for safely, when any crime has been committed. Here the greatest - ruffians feel themselves secure,, and defy the European civil authorities to molest them." I nave devoted so much space to native - affairs that I must leave political news for my qext letter. What little there is will improve by beeping. I should mention, however, that the attempt to make the Otago - University a colonial institution has for the present fallen through. , Appointments to the classical and mathematical chairs have been made. In neither case has any candidate already in the colonies been successful. Oct. 6. A telegram, which appears this morning, in- - formB us that Tito Kowarn did not return from the Pariaka meeting so peaceably as he said he would. The account of what took . place is not very clear. He is stated to have robbed some friendly natives at Opunake of ' 60 sheep, but subsequently left most of them«. behind. This he is stated to have done be- - cause he was afraid of being attacked by the -= friendlies, although it is also stated that, when the latter went in pursuit of him, they - were driven back by a detachment of his men. The affair may, therefore, have only been a squabble arising from a difference about the sheep, bnd not from an attempt at spoliation. The accounts we receive of native - matters is unfortunately always coloured by the political ideas of the transmitter, and . though I have no reason to suspect anyBtrone _ bias in the quarter from which this comes, I think it probable that our Defence Minister - would have told the tale differently. 