TELEGRAPHIC NEWS [From Greville's Telegram Company (Reuter's Agents) to S. A. Advertiser.] MELBOURE, May 3. At the meeting of the shareholders of the National Bank, Sir Francis Murphy, Chairman, said that but for counsel's opinion, the Directors had intended to appropriate the half-year's profits thus— £20,000 to dividends; £33,000 for bad and doubtful debts ; £5,000 for the Re serve Fund; and also provide against contingent losses, by transferring a con tingent fund from the Reserve Fond. The Chairman believed it probable that the losses were much over- estimated. The Bank was in a sound condition, but no institution could stand such a call as had been made upon it by counsel's interpre tation of the deed of settlement. The Reserve Fund amounted to £216,000. He (the Chairman) expressed it as his opinion that the Auditors ought not to enter upon i questions of policy. The Directors had decided to remove Mr. Wright from the management, but could not then an nounce any other arrangements. The Auditors* report was read. It esti mated the bad and doubtful debts at £80,000, not £60,000, as stated by the Chairman, who explained that £20,000 had been carried forward for the same purpose last year, and had been used this year. Mr. Wright admitted he had in discreetly fallen under obligations about mining shares to a customer of the Bank, who threatened exposure, because Wright refused him an overdraft. The meeting then agreed to postpone confirmation of the report antil a special meeting, to be called by the Directors, they giving 21 days' notice, when the question of a divi dend from the Reserve Fond will also be considered. The retiring Directors and Auditors were re-elected. The meeting was a very large one. ? |From the Express.] MELBOURNE, May 3. Mr. Wlntie had a very large funeral yesterday. The Aldinga sails at 4 o'clock. Comsacks have been sold at 10s. 9d, in bond. At auction Greig & Co. sold 75 quarters of Otard's brandy at ss. 9d.; Martell's dark passed in at 63. «. SYDNEY, May 3. The third officer of the Walter Hood reports that the gale caught her off Cape Howe. Two suits of sails were lost in trying to work her off the shore. On Tuesday it blew a hurricane, and the ship struck at 8 o'clock at night. The anchor was let go. The Captain, who was forward giving'orders, was struck by a tremendous sea, which washed him against a spar, and smashed his ribs. He only lived till Wednesday, when he was washed out of his cabin drowned. In trying to take a line ashore the cook died of exhaustion. Haynes, a pas senger, and two others were drowned. The weather became fine on Thursday, but another seaman was drowned in try ing to take a line on shore. Two mates and six sailors swam towards the shore, and three of the sailors were drowned. The others reached the shore. A raft was constructed on Saturday, and launched with a line attached. The current swept it southwards before entering the line of breakers, but only two passengers named Smith reached the beach. Only the starboard side of the poop was left above water, and every sea was likely to destroy this. ; On Friday evening 13 on the wreck were still alive, without food or water since Friday. They killed the captain's dog, and caught his blood in a south wester. The animal's blood and flesh sustained | them until the morning, when the Ella long life-boat; after several unsuccessful attempts, happily reached the wreck and rescued them. REVENEz A VOS MOUTONS; OR •* RETURN TO YOUR SHEEP." " It amply meant a resuming of the subject; used At the Bar, Bench, Imperial Parliament, in the best essays, and by most elegant writers." —Dr. Spicer, at Unley, March 2nd. [Ihe following amusing paper, showing the origin of the above phrase, has been written for this journal by a lady contributor.] Swift observed that where one man goes another man follows; or, according to the Scotch proveib, "If ae sheep loop the dyke a' the rest will follow." The Scotch, by-the-by*. of all nations in the wozld, abound is such scraps of pithy wisdom. The eccentric Dean's remark, however, must be taken as applying specially to literature and conversation, for he added, "If a phrase has the misfortune Jo occur twice in print it will be repeated, probably a thousand times," -which he affected to condemn as a great evil; bis maxim being that each phrase should bs erased from the tablets of the memory after it has been a nine days' wonder ; and that every man who has heard or read the same thing nine times over, should thereafter set upon >iimiH>lf decent restraint, and check its reproduction. By these few remarks, he as sumed to strike at the root of what, in his in imitable style of ircny, he chose to cite as a great evil, for he gives as an instanco " How bis flesh and blood rebelled when, on opening at random the last work of a well-known baronet, the first words that met bis gaze were " Revenons & nos moutons. Let us return to our sheep." Swift lived and satirised up to the middle of the last century, and could he come back amongst as, he would still find the old pro verbial expression which excited SUCh in^ignn tionin him, in daily use, adopted into Rnglinh, and as intelligible and useful translated, as in the original—indeed, its utility, its shortness, as a point of union in an interrupted discourse is its only recommendation; for of genius, wit, or spirit, it can boast none. However, with all its simplicity it has stood the test of tune, dating as it does from the end of the 15th century, when it made its first appearance in an ancient farce, "L'Avocat Patelin; or, the Wheedling Coaxing Lawyer." This piece was recast by Brueys some years after, and it was reproduced in its new form for the first time on the stage, the Ist June, 1705. "L'Avocat Patelin," in humor and plot, would not have done discredit to Moliere, and can still be read with pleasure, and might still be acted with applause. The dramatis persona are few in number, as was generally the case with French prose cosoedies in those times. Lawyers and doctors were also favorite themes with the satirical pens of tie French writers for the stage. In "L'Avoeat Patelin," the lawyer is, of course, the chief personage ; Ms wife and daughter ; a rich draper, Mr. Williams, Patelin'a next door neighbor, and whose son is in love with the lawyer's daughter, Benriette; whilst the draper's shepherd, Agnelet, is engaged to Colette the lawyer's maid. The play thus turns upon a double intrigue between the four young people. Lawyer Patelin, the fawner, coaxer, talking over lawyer, in a soliloquy, confides to us his penniless, briefless condition, with no chance of one poor little suit to help him on; bis clothes so miserable and ragged that no one would take him for a lawyer, at moita iifaputer, or. in other words, a village schoolmaster. Ah, poor Patelin! there is no other way for thee but to use thy skill at a little innocent swindling to get a «uiUof clothes, at least out of thy neighbor, Mr. Williams, the rich draper. So he throws his lawyer's gown over his shabbi ness, to give him an air of dignity, walks into the draper's shop, and introduces himself. He tells Mr. Williamsthatamongsthis late father's papers was 'an ackowledgment of a debt of 300 crowns to Mr. Williams'* deceased father, and Patelin proceeds to say, "I came to ask you when it will be covenient for yon to receive the money, as I have it ready counted out at home though, I suppose, yon will want time to *et a receipt drawn op before a notary; which the other agrees to have done by 5 o'clock the next 1 morning. Patelin, then, as it were carelessly, takes up a pieoe of cloth, remarking that the color is very flattering to the eye—chesnut ooler, so doubt, a shade invented by Mr. Williams, who has mow genius in his head than in all the combined heads of the village. "Do you remember when we were at school together it Mr. Nicodemus's, and that you were as tiandsome as Cupid, and learned anything you liked? &c;, &c; Now I have long had a fancy for a coat of that color, so to-morrow morning, when I bring yon the 30) crown*, perhaps I will take some of that cloth." Says Mr. Williams—"l will put it aside for you." The lawyer {not finding his account in that, brings up again with—" This morning I counted out 1,200 livres to invest in the funds, but I see Mr. Williams, you will come in fora share of it. Williams—" Buy your rente all the same, you c?n have the cloth." " Not on credit, Ido not like that," adds Patelin. "How well you look, Williams ; such an air of health and long life'. Bow much cloth shall I want, that I may bring enough money over and above the 300 ? The whale suit complete. And to renew our ac quaintance yon must dine with me to-morrow; a client sent me a goose. My wife would like to see roe dressed in a suit of that color. Do you think I can get it made for dinner to morrow?" Williams—"l will send',it at OBce to your house by one of my boys, who will bring back the money, which you say is ready." Patelin rejoins—"l am not above carrying my parcel mjslf, and it is nearly dark, £0 under my tiovm it will look like a. bag of lawsuits." t_ Exit Patelin, who has gained bis case, and walks off with six yards of cloth under his arm. As he does not make his appearance at bis neighbor's the next morning as per agreement, Mr. Williams calls to see after his money and the goose. He is received by Its. Patelic. who begs of him to speak quite low, as her husband has been suffering from brain fever, .. and had all yesterday un transport art cerveau, which has kept him in bed ever since. "But." says the drapar, "he came to my place yester day, quite jolly sod hearty." '' You must have dreamt that, sir," suggests the lady. " Now, indeed, that is good," says Mr. Williams, " and my six yards of cloth which he took away, is that, too, a dream?" Mrs. Patelin—" Six yards of cloth! Ton choose your time for a joke badly, Sir." "A joke, indeed," poor Wiilixms chimes is. Here Patelin rushes in. apparently in a feverish excitement ; how ever Mr. Williams fancies he recognises in him his yesterday's visitor. Mr. Patelin salutes him with •• Good day, Mr. Anodyne," pretending to take him for the apothecary, " pray give me no more of your pills, they neatly made use give up the ghost." " I wish they had made you give up my doth," rejoins Williams. Patelin—"The doctors have kitted me with their drugs." Williams—" I want my money." Patelin—"l am pleading for Homer against the nymph Calypso. Wife, wife, drive away these butterflies from about me. There are thieves, too, trying to get in at the door ; don:s you hear them ? You rogues I will soon drive you away. Mypoleaxe, mypoleaxe." (Patelin here seizes his stack, crying out "Thieves, thieves." Mr. Williams in the meantime is glad to escape.) Another trouble now bewilders the draper. Hs finds out that bis shepherd, Agnelet (the diminutive of lamb ; agneau, lambkin Agnelet) has been robbing him. Six score of sheep are ■nimring from his flock during the month ; so one night he hid himself close to the fold, catches the shepherd in the fact of killing a sheep, accuses bun of it, gives him a thorough beating, and promises to prosecute him. Colette—the lawyer's maid, who is keeping company with Agnelet—tells him to apply to Patelin to defend him, cautioning him at the same time not to tell her master that it is against Mr. Williams he will have to plead, but to say that it is against a former master. So Agnelet secures the services of lawyer Patelin, who promises to get him off if Agnelet will; act according to his directions—to ar-y and all interrogations either from the Judge, the plaintiffs lawyer, bis master or himself, faia only reply was to be in the language of cheep —"Baa, baa n —as though the beating his master had given him had deprived him of his senses. The 3rd Act brings on the trial before Mr. Bartolin, the Judge. The parties are ordered to appear in Court. Mr. Williams, Mr. Patelin, and Agnelet.— Our lawyer is much disconcerted when he finds whom he has to plead against, and wants to withdraw, but as Mr. Williams dees not employ a lawyer, but conducts his own case, the Judge declaring he will have at least one lawyer at his audience, Patelin is obliged to remain. So he conceals his face as best he can with a handkerchief, pretexting a tooth ache. Mr. Williams, as plaintiff, is called upon to state his case. He tells the Judge that the rogue, the thict—"Call him by his name, or by that of bis profession," Bays the Judge, interrupting him. Mr. Williams—" Well, Sir, this wretch of a shepherd robbed me of six score sheep." Patelin—" It has not been proved." Mr. Williams, aside—" Faith that lawyer is something like the one of my six yards of r clot*." The Judge—" What proof can you givef Mr. Williams—" What proof! I sold him yesterday 1 delivered to him six yards—— six hundre 1 sheep, and I now find only 480." Mr. Patelin—' 81 deny it." Mr. Williams (aside)—" Now, indeed, if I had not just seen the other in a high fever, I should say this was my man." The Judge—" Never mind your man, prove the fact." Mr. Williams—" I prove it by my cloth —- I mean by my account book. What is become of the six yards—the eix score sheep which arc missing from tny fiock T" Mr. Patelin—•' They died of the scab." Mr. Williams—" By jingo! I think it is he : himself.'' The Judge—"lt is said your sheep died of the scab. What do you answer to that ? " Mr. Williams—"l answer, with all due re spect, that it is false ; he earned away under— he killed them to sell, and yesterday I, myself (aside). Oh! 'tis he—(to the Judge)—yes, I sold him six—six—l caught him in the act of killing a sheep." Mr. Patelin—"A story invested to excuse the blows he gave tins poor shepherd, who on leaving this is going to be trepanned." Mr. Williams (to the Judge)—" Now, indeed 1 Monsieur le Juge, nothing is clearer; it is be hiaself. Yes, he walked awey with eix yards of cloth from my shop yssterday, and this morning instead of paying me the 30 crowns—" The Judge—" What the deuce does he mean with his six yards of cloth and 30 crowns? The question is about stolen sheep." Mr. wfilioma—"lt is true, sir, it is another business. But lam not mistaken. You must know, then, air, that I had concealed myself in the fold. Oh ! 'tis he, indeed, most certainly. I was hiding when I saw tins rogue come; be sat down there; he took a fine sheep—and, with bis Boft talk, he worked round me ae well, that he took away with him six yards—" -*■ Ths Judge—" Six yards of sheep ? " Mr. Williams—"No, of doth; confound the man." The Judge—"Let alone the cloth and the man, and return to your sheep." Mr. Williams—"So I wiu. The scoundrel then taking a knife from fats pocket—l mean my cloth—no, I am right, bis knife, he—he— put it like this under his gown, and walked away, and this morning, instead of paying me for it, he denies both the cloth and fae money," The Judge—" To your sheep ; return to your sheep." Mr. Williams—"Well, Sir, he robbed me of six score sheep, and this morning, instead of paying me 30 crowns for six yards of doth, chesnut color, he paid me with black butterflies, the nymph Galipot, and I know not what non sense." The Judge—"lndeed, Mr. WHiitms, no Court of Justice is the kingdom could get at your affair. Yon accuse this shepherd of having robbed you of six score sheep, and yon mix op with it six yards of cloth, 30 downs, black butterflies, and all such stuff. Now, once more, ' Beturn to your sheep,'or I shall release this shepherd. Bat it will be perhaps well for me to interrogate him. (To Agnelet) CoraeiSfrsg; what is your name ?" Agnelet—" Baa." Mr. Wiflknis—"lt is false, his name is Ag nelet" The Judge—"Agnelet or Baa, never mind. (To Agnelet.) Tell me, is it true that Mr. Williams gave you charge of six score sheep ?" Agnelet—"Baa." The Judge—"Ah, the fear of justice upsets him. Da not be alarmed. Did Mr. Williams catch you killing a sheep one night?' Agnelet—" Baa." Mr. Patelin—"The blows he got on the head have injured his brain." The Judge—"lt was very wrong of you, ii£ Williams." Williams—"Wrong, indeed, of me. One steals my doth, the other my sheep; one pays me with rubbish, the other with * Baa, baa;' and into the bargain I am told that I am in the wrong." The Judge—" Yes, indeed ; you must never strike, especially on the head." Mr. Williams—"Oh! the deuce take it! it was dark, and when I strike I strike anywhere and everywhere." Mr. Patelin—"He acknowledges the fact, Sir. Bahama confitentvm reum" Mr. Williams—€^Now, go along with your coo ntareurn; you shall pay me my six yards of cloth, or'Ze ZHaHe CetKportera. 9 (The devil tike yon." The Judge—" Again at the cloth ! You wfll not keep to your sheep. Out of Court and of case. No expenses." Mr. Williams—"l shall appeal; aad as to you, Mr. Patelin, you shall hear from mo •gain." [Exit the four personages. | In order to facilitate partoashrp arrange marts, the Extensive Stock of J. A. North more is now being offered at such a reduction in price M will •«*?? atoost incredible to persons not acquainted with the tremendous losses which importers have been subjected to daring the past season. In many instances the prices are considerably less than, would be obtained for the name articles in the English market. Areferenoetoouradvertisirigcolunw win fumiahpartioulan. do" 457 