TO WHAT FRANCE OWES:HER . DOWNFALL. IT is singulair that the principle which Louis Napoleon invoked to .secure his elevationri to the throne of France, should have in the end ruined him. . It was upon corruption that he relied to accomplish his..ambition,.and corruption has eaten him up., The truth is told by his vast army, on paper, easy enough to marshal in bureaus but very ineffective an against 'active foe ; chassepots by themillion, duly noted and registered, receipted and paid for, but never delivered; mountains of fixed ammunition, properly rolled and •m de up, but composed for the most part of. non-explosive sand, answering all the requirements of weight but nothing else; imperfeetfuses, lighting readily, but going out before results could be reached, and shells:constructed so as to explode harm lessly in the air and not in the enemy's lines., No such huge, festering mass of corruption and rascality has ever been revealed to the world as that of the late French Empire.. . It, fairly reeks to Heaven. The talklof another coup d'etat is not by, jny means as wild as it would seem at thefirstglance. The large army of plunderers who had stich a good time under the Emrire, forging vouchers for chassepotsin largenumbersand pocketing the proceeds - appropriating the 2000 francs demanded from each person con scripted, who did not wish to serve drawing rations and pay for a large and profitable army on paper represented by mere numerals, created at adash of the pen, but as expensive to the national treasury as real live soldiers with backs to clothe and stomachs to fill-these bood-suckers and vampires, the legitimate spawn of a Government founded on corruption, will not give up so long as thereis even a ghost of a show to bring back their wooden Casoar and set him on high, to be worship ped by all men, while they devote all theirenergies to the cleaning out of what ever is left of manhood, honour, and vit alityin the French nation. The restora tion, or attempted restoration of Louis Napoleon is not only a possibility, but a probability.-News of the World. TwIx FOALs.-On IHumewood station, which adjoins Yass, and which belongs to Mr R. A. Barber, there were no less than three sets of twin foals this year. This is something extraordinary, and worthy of note as perhaps a similar circumstance has not happened at any time or on any station in the colony.-Southern Argue. A PERILOUS NIGHT AT SEA.-On Tuesday morning (says the Newcastle Chronicle) shortly after 7 o'clock, two fishermen, named Benja min Chamberlain and Peter Nevis, put out to sea to follow their usual avocation. After going about six miles in a northerly direction, they. came to anchor, but after staying at this spot about two hours they were unsuccessful in getting any fish. Seeing indications of. a strong southerly breeze coming up, they quickly got up-anchor, and made sail for the harbour, but the gale came upon them too quickly, and after going a short distance they had again to drop anchor in order to shorten sail. They started again under close-reefed mainsail and reefed jib, but had not gone far when the jib split. Their only resource was to come to anchor again, and knowing that they would have to remain out all night, they managed to get within a mile and a-half from the breaker beach, so as to be out of the track of vessels going in and out the harbour, for fear they should be run down, and here they anchored in sixteen fathoms of water and re mained there the whole of Tuesday night. early on Wednesday) norning, having repaired the jib the best way they could, they again got under way, and succeeded in reaching within three miles of Nobby's, when the jib again split, and they had again to anchor, and remained in this spot all day, hoping that they would either be seen from Nobby's or from some passing vessel. A signal was hoisted on the sprit-end sixteen feet high, but it was not observed. About 6 o'clock the weather calmed down, and a breeze was felt to be springing up from the eastward, and, the jib having been repaired, they stood out about half a mile further to sea, and the breeze treshening, they were enabled to reach the harbour, about half past 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening. A tremendous sea was rolling the whole of the time the men were out, and this caused the boat to leak, and they had as much as they could do to keep the boat free from water. The boat was an open one, only eighteen feet on the keel, and it is a wonder she rode the heavy seas so well. The night of Tuesday was very stormy, with litte rain, but it rained heavily the whole of Wednesday. The men had no food of any kind with them, but had a little fresh water, and when they landed were thoroughly exhausted and drenched to the skin. Another night they could not have survived.-S. M. Herald. The Brisbane Courier states that some con sternation was caused in the Gardens on Sun day afternoon, by the freaks of two drunken Germans, who were accompanied by a large Newfoundland dog. The pair went about the grounds tor some time frightening the prom enaders of the gentler sex by their wild cries and gesticulations. On arriving opposite the private enclosure behind the aviary, wherein are kept the prize geese which Mr Hill exhib ited at the Sydney Exhibition, the dog jumped over the fence, pulled out one of the valuable birds and succeeded in killing it. ' The master of the brute instead of trying to prevent this piece of wanton cruelty, aided it, and when the goose was dead trampled on its body. We believe that the bird which was killed was of a very rare variety, and was estimated to be worth about £16. The assistance of the po lice was called in, and the offenders secured 1-efore they left the gardens. When arrested they broke out into a perfect frenzy, and tore the clothes of the constables in their endeavour to getaway. They were, however, at length tied with ropes on a cab, and in this manner they were taken to the lock-up. The next day these worthies were brought up before the Police Magistrate, and committed to the re ception-house as lanatics. It seems that the that the men, whose names are respectively .Michael and Charles Fischtner, are suffering from a religious monomania. They are far mers, residing at German Station, and are pretty well to do in the world. Their own statement, as given to Mr B. Simmonds, is to effect that they came into Brisbane to erect it into the "New Jerusalem." While in the gardens they saw a "black dragon "- the goose, which is of a dark colour-and the voice of the Lord came to them, telling them to set their dog on it to kill it. After pray ing, they did so and succeeded in killing the ' dragon." They also gave utterance to a great deal more rhapsody of a religious charac ter, in the course of which one said that his brother had been to heaven. While there he had had a fight with the Devil, and after a severe battle had succeeded indriving him out of Paradise, and they-the two brothers were now appointed to save the souls of the people on earth. Whether these extraordinmary statements had been made for the purpose of avoiding the punishment, which had they been in their proper senses, they would richly de served, it is impossibly for us to say. At any rate our informant was fully convicted that the men was insane, and Dr Hobbs, who examined them through an interpreter, also arrived at the same conclusion, for be advised their de tention in the reception-house as lunatics ub fit to be at large 