TEE NEWS OF TUE 3 At. w It was fully anticipated that the gteamer Lady Young, having on board H.It. H. tho Duke of Edinburgh, would arrive at tho Sand ridge Pier during last evoning ; but, aa sho was not telegraphed from Capo Schanck at oigUt o'clock, it would bo impossible for her to got up boforo daylight, especially with tho strong, north wind blowing all night. The Society for tho Promotion of Morality .will hold a congroas on Tuosday, the 25th Octobor, at tho assembly halL Papers on tho following subjects will bo read and dis cussed : — Parents and Children, by tho Right Rev. tho Lord Bishop of Molbourno ; Refor matory Work, as it Relates to the Fallen, by the Rev, Joseph Dars ; tho Chinese Ijifli eulfcy, by the Rev. R. Cummins, Ballarat ; Po pular Amusements, by the Rov. J. Martin, B.A. ; Licentiousness, by the Very Rov. the Dean of Molbourno ; and on Intemperance, bv the Rov. J. J. Hallev, Ballarat. Mr. Alfred Wyatt, barrister, has been appointed by tho Government Crown pro secutor to conduct the prosecution of pri soners at , tho ensuing sitting of tho Sale circuit court, which commences on Tuesday next the 23th inst. Tho Grant murder case will come up for trial in this court, and will probably occupy some time in the hearing, but with this exception the present session ib comparatively light. Now the first fever of the war excitement has subsided, the defence movements ini tiated by the Government havo compara tively dropped out of sight. Tho Boheme is, nevertheless, being pushed on steadily if not very rapidly, and in duo time all that was promised will be executed. At Williams town tho works' are progressing satisfac torily, now that the contractor has been ordered to. go on with his job. The masonry is gradually assuming definite form, while tho earthworks will be ' kept up to tho stonework, so that the entire construction will 'oe finished out of hand at onto. While these preparations aro progressing, the guns aro being placed jn readinoss tor mounting as soon as tho bat tery and foundations are ready for them. So soon as the Wiltiamstown works havo boon finished tho Sandridgo batteries will be taken in hand, and varibns important modifica tions carried out in order to give tho guns at present in position a better range of tho anchorage. Whilo this is going ou, the men in the garrison corps aro undergoing a steady course of drill, and will shortly bo ablo to undertake tho duties formerly performod by thfc Imperial troops in garrison, whilo the artillery corps, which is partly orga nised, will take charge of the batteries and Hold train of artillery. Several ad-, ditional men were passed yesterday for the garrison corps, aud it is probable that by tho end of next week the corps will bo completed. On Thursday noxt, it is hoped, tho garrison corps will bo ablo to mako its first public appoaranco as guard at tho opening of the Parliament, and shenld it do so tho public will doubtless be Gratified to see the veritablo nucleus of a national army of dofence, small though it be. Throo months' leave of absence has, wo learn, been granted to Mr. C. Rowand, In spector of Roads and Bridges, in consequence of his continued ill-henlth. Mr. Eo wand's present sickness has, it is believed by his friends, been mainly caused by the oxposuro to which he has been subject during the winter. With a view of recruiting his health a visit to Tasmania is contemplated, as a change of climate has been recommended by Mr. Rowand's modical advisers. Tho now garrison corps has now been thrown open to all candidates for admission, whother on tho list for employment in the polico force or not. The Gazel!?. notice, giving tho requirements and terms of service, will be found elsewhere, A telegram was recoived yesterday by the Crown law department, intimating that tho coach in which his Honor Judge Smyth was returning to his circuit had been upset near Seymour, aud that his Honor was suffering from an enforced detention at that place. Mr. Smyth was not se riously hurt, but was unable to got on his way to Mansfield, where ho is due to hold tho circuit court to-d.iy. Ho was, however, busying himself in an endeavor to got a private vehiclo to complete his journey in. The roads aro, according to his honor, in a very bad state, but tho break down is, wo learn, attributed to the coach being overloaded, whether with passengers or with luggage is not stated. Judge Smyth has been unfor tunate in Ins visits to Mansfiald. Last time ho was dotaino/l by tho floods, and now an accident prevents in all probability the punctual appearanco of liis honor to open tho court, If it should prove that the coach was overloaded, as stated, it ia prO' bable that, the proprietors will bo prosecuted under tho 21st sec. oi tho Liconsod Carriagus Statute, 1864, for carrying passengers in ex cess of the number licensed. It is understood that should the trial of Supple for wounding with intent to kill Mr. G. P. Smith bo concluded on Monday, tho prisoner Elton will noxt bo placed in tho dock and his trial proceeded with on tho following day. Very contradictory rumors aro prevalent with regard to tho finding of the medical board appointed to inriuiro into Elton's sanity. Wo aro informed, however, that all that has been said on tho subject is purely speculative, as nothing has been per mitted to transpire as to tho naturo of tho roport. Tho Grand Lodgo of tho A.I.O.O.F., finished their sitting on Thursday morning. Thanks wero passed to Brother William Stutt, M.L.A., and to tho coaching compa nies. Tho sum of twonty-fivo guineas was voted to tho grand officers, to be by thom distributed among the charitable institutions of Geelong. Tho remainder of tho session was spont in amending tho constitutional laws, which being complotod, tho Grand Master appointed the soveral committoes for tho year, as also his district deputies, and tho Grand Lodgo then adjourned till tho third Tuesday in August, 1871. A samplo of the gold and silvor medals, no less than fifty-two of which aro to bo presented to tho prize-takers at tho forth coming Horse Exposition, has been shown us by tho secretary ; and wo must oay that for uniqueness of design, appropriateness for thoir purpose, and undoubted valuo, theso trophies reflect groat crodit on their donors, Messrs. Goydor, M'Caughoy and Co. Tho manufacturers aro Messrs. Stokes and Mar tin, of Collins-street, and thoir handiwork deserves most honorable mention. As Tuesday next, tho 25th inst., is tho day and dato of closing entries for tho iwonty-six classes ot Horses, intending no minators must not neglect tho opportunity of contending not only for tho handsomo trophies, but for tho swoepatako which tho promoters havo liberally arranged to bo proportionately divided between tho first and socond winners. Wo learn that two ac complished equestriennes, of unblemished re spectability, havo consented to put tho ladies' hacks through their paces ; whilst the Major-Commandant of tho Princo of Wales Light Horso has made special ar rangenwits to facilitate tho nomination by members ef the Volunteer Cavalry for tho Charger class. A mooting of tho members of tho Pilot Board was hold yesterday at tho Custom House, to invostigafco tho circumstances connected with tho collision between tho barque Mary Francos and tho Sydney steamer Macodon. The members of tho board prosont were Captain Devlin, Messrs. Sutherland, Freyer and Stephen, and tho secretary, Captain Burroll. Captain Howard Smith, on behalf of Captain Pain, the master of tho steamer Macodon, with pilot Lilloy, who was in chargo of tho samo vessel, wero also in attondauce. The only evidence taken was that of tho captain of the barquo Mary Francos (William Dow). His ovidonoo was to tho effect that tho accident occurred at the Saltwater River junction with tho River Yarra on tho ovoning of thn 17th inst.; that tho barquo was in tow by tho Black Eagle steamer proceeding to tho Bay, and whon off HumbugReach tho steamer Alacedon was noticed, and from tho peculiar position of the vessel it was thought Bho was aground. Tho barquo's holm was put hard a-starboard, and he hoard tho pilot on board the steamor tell tho captuin of tho tug to como on. Tho barquo was proceeding slowly, and when off the junction tho Macedon turned into the stream almost at right anglos with tho river. The captain of the stoamtug slipped tho tow rope in order to savo his own vessel from collision, and almost at tho same instant tho Macedon caught with her stern the starboard cat-hoad of the Mary Francos, carrying away tho foot and causing othor damage to tho barquo. From questions asked by Captain Smith and Pilot Luloy, the witness gave it as his opinion that nothing could have beon done on board tho steamer to havo avoided tho collision. The meeting was, at the conclusion of tho ovidonco of this wituoss, adjourned until such timo as the JIacedon would return from Sydney, that vossol having sailed yesterday. It is to bo regretted that so much loss of timo and continual adjournments should take placo over a matter of investigation of such a simplo naturo. All tho witnesses woro in attendance on Thursday, whon tho meeting was first called. The wholo mattor could have been properly inquired into, and tho blame, if any, saddled on tho right shoul ders;, but, from tho inability to form a quorum of tho Pilot Board on tho day in question, tho whole matter must remain in abeyanco for somo timo. Tho committee for tho Alfred Hospital ball, at their mooting yostorday, resolved to ask Mr. Sprigg to act, jointly with Dr. Blair, as honorary secretary. Later in the day a. letter was rcoeivod from Mr. Sprigg thank ing tho committee for the compliment, but regretting that his engagements prevented his giving tho time required to do the work efficiently, but offering, unofficially, to givo overy assistance in his power. Tho attention of persons wishing to join a building society is called to tho prospectus of the Universal Permanent Building and Investment Society whiohl appears in our advertising columns. Tho gentlemen forming the oommitteo aro well known in commercial circles. Over 1500 shares havo already beon appliod for, and we understand it rs intended to limit tho first issue to 3000 shares. The Molbourno hounds will meet at Hei delberg to-day at two o'clock. Tho quarterly meeting of the committee of the Victoria Agricultural Society was hold on Thursday afternoon, at the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Heidelberg ; present, Mr. P. Fanning, the vice-president (in tho chair), Messrs. Bond, P. W. Smith, Laidloy, John Bell, T. Creighton, JatneB Donaldson, Job Smich, Watmough, Alaplcstono and Dur ham. A letter was read from tho hon. W. Degravos, enclosing a cheque for his annual subscription (£3 3s). The troasurer roported that the balancq to tho crodit of tho society would, at the 'tad f)f the month, be £150. Returns wero asked for from tho Chief Secre tary's offico as to tho amount paid by tho sooioty in prizes during tho past financial year. -Mr. Wingrovo said . the amount was £240 10s. The circular further stated that an ; amount equal to one-half of tho monoy paid in prizes would ba givon to the society (£120 5s.), providing it did not oxcoed tho amount received from irivate sources during the samo period, and lastly' that tho sums so givon to tho wholo of tho societies did not exceed £4000. Tho secretary ' said that, under this ' scheme of distribution, tho society wouid be a loser of £50 aa compared with tho old system. A letter was read from tho Bondigo Agricul tural Society, requesting tho Victoria So ciety to appoint ono of thoir members aa a judgo of horses at their forthcoming show on tho 27th inst. ; Mr. John Bell was unani mously chosen, his- expenses to bo paid by the Bondigo Society. Mr. Fanning said ho much regretted that ho had to move that the secretary bo instructed, on behalf of the society, to write to Mrs. II. Stooko a letter of condolence, oxpressivo of tho groat loss tho socioty had sustained by the death of Mr. H. Stooko, who for soveral years had been an aotivo and zealous supporter of tho society. Tho motion was seconded by Mr. J. Bell, and carried unanimously. Mr. John Bell proposed and Mr. James Donaldson seconded the nomination of Mr. Josiah Mitchell as a fit person to be the president of tho society. Mr. Bell said that Mr. Mitchell had always been a warm friend of the society, and was, besides, practically versed in almost all agricultural matters, and would, if elected, add to tho usefulness of tho socioty. Ho thought the time had gono by when presidents woro chosen for no other reason than that they had a long purso. Messrs. Creighton and Job Smith proposod Mr. Alexander Brock ; but, upon a show o£ handa Mr. Mitchell wasolectod. Mr. P. W. Smith called the committee's attention to the fact that Mr. P. Laugan had opened a store near tho East ern Market for tho salo of fruit and iarm produce on commission, and urged upon thoso present to support him, and thus savo themsolves the trouble and annoyance of having to attend tho Eastern Market, and at times sacrifico their produce whon not sold within the very limited timo allowed by the City Corporation. The rules of tho society wero then revised, and considerable discussion took place. Tho only material alterations made wero tho ordering all pay ments to ha madu by cheque, the electing annually all the officers and committee, tho coiWiiittee electing from among themselves a yice-preuidont and treasurer. TJpon the mo. tion of Mr. Fanning, the day of mecti- P was changed from Thursday to Monday, in order that tho reports of tho meetings mkht find their way into the ThnrBday country editions of tho wookiy papers. Messrs Maplcatono and T. Creightou moved 'That tho secretary bo dirootcd to call a puoi;c meeting of tho society to commie r tho desir ability of uniting with a central society sou to form ono largo and influential societv ombracing all tho sociotioa within a radii™ of twenty miles from Melbnuriio.' Mess-t Durham and Boll held that uotico should have been given of this attempt to abolish tho society, so that thero might havo boon a fuller attendance of tho committee, and moved ns an amendmont ' that th« secretary bo not so instructed.' Tho ameudmcut was carried. Tho meeting was then made general, and proceeded until a late hour to (liscuss Mr. Lincolno's papor on Deep Tillage and Drainage. Tho Maaonic ball, proposod to bo held on tho 1st November, in tho Town Hall, has ?we understand, been poatponod, as the'appli! cation for the uso of tho building, made on tho 23rd September lost, has only now been acceded to, so that sufficient tima has not been allowod to mnko tho nocessary arrange, ments. Wo understand that a mooting of tho rate- ' payers of Coburg is to be held at tho board room, at soyon o'clock, on Monday next, to protest against tho way in which coutr'acta bavo recently been carried out by tho mem bers of tho board. ' Harris, tho defaulting seorctary of the '? Bulla Shire Council, was yesterday com. mitted for trial on a chargo of embezzling tho sum of £050. Tho evidenco for tho pro-'' '. sedition was short, sharp, and decisive, ' Mr. G. P. Smith, who appeared for the prosecution, showed that ou the Gtk of August last tho prisonor ilrow from the '' Troasury a sum of £G50, which was the first instalment of Govornmont aid due te tho shiro for tha year. Thia amount ho paid T into his own account in the Bink of Austral, asia, and tho noxt day drew it out by his own '?'? cheque. Prisonor was committed for trial, ?, bail being allowed in two suroties of £300 ' each. Mr. Woolcott, who watched tho casft' '?- for tho prisoner, statod that he resorved his defonco, but ho had a substantial answer to j tho charge. !_, The laugh always comos in somewhere at a criminal trial. During tho hearing of tho caso aaainst the prisoners Jones and David son, yesterday, for scabbing a sheep ran, a witness named Jefferson waB Rummoned, i This individual was not a bad likeness of tha ; gonial Jeff, in his well-known impersonation. T\ ol Solon Shingle, who excites so much ri amusement when called up as a witness at a ^ mock court on tho stage. Tho original, who mado his appearanco yesterday, was .7 not a whit less droll. Having swung him- - self up to tho witness-box, ho directed- J a blinking but earnest gaze into the-, distant Tuturo after tho stylo of) Jack Bunsby. Mr. Adamson, tho Crown.'?1 prosocutor, commenced to question him, L- but his replies wero given iu a mumblem which was almost unintelligible. ?'.' Speak r' up,' said tho judge, whereupon Jeff mado a' n sort of a startas if stirred withalongpolo, and emitted a ' Ha^ — ah, ay, ay,' but still it was '' mumble- jumblo. 'Open your mouth,'.A(i Baid tho C. P. 'Haah, ay,' said Jeff.i . 'I b olio vo tho man has something in his'ra mouth ! ' almost screamed Air. Adamsoiir ' 'Aha, ay, — so I havo ! ' blurted out JeffV aloud, and apparently quite Buryrisod with1. : tho discovory. AVith that he hooked his fore-7) - finger, and inserting it botwoeu his jaws, G ' pulled out a groat quid of tobacco, which ho : coolly transferred to his pooket. The mumble ;l was gono, and Mr. O. P., amidat a roar of ;j laughter, congratulated the witness upon the recovery of the big manly voico with which : naturo had endowed him. ? !| John Chinaman is not content -mkhtmt his i I legal experiences, among others. He has' oven penetrated to tho Equity Court, or rather, perhaps, has been luggod there. With his accustomed pliability, ho fights tho ' What you call 'era ? — plan'ffs ?'' with tho right weapons, and gets a legal gentle man to 'putteo on his speculuui«' and find1 a flaw in tho bill if he can. A littlo while-1 ago one All Hong, with a, Co. of three almond-eyed brethren, wont to work on as claim near Scraso'a Browory, in tho gold fields' motropolis. John aud hia mates. burrowed and burrowod until they had, bogun a vault beneath the brewery, which! was not regarded by Mr. Scraso aa an im- ; provement to tho premises. So stops wero ? taken to obtain an injunction against Ah Hong, which was granted. Theio was a stoppago of just halt a day over tho works, j presumably whilo Ah Hong trotted to Mr,, Flam, and mado out whether it waa a clear ij caso of imprisonment if tho burrowiDg went :| on. Tho brewer could not believe his eyes ;| next morning when ho saw three Chinamen' ij come to work just ' as if notbiDg had hap-, j pencd, and also a fourth, who wu3 not Ah' I Hong. An intorpretor was procured, out of I pure kindness to the Chinamen, and went I over to oxplain tho risk thoy ran, H» ii- I atructed them as to the nature and I torrora of an injunction. 'Welly good,' I said tho grinning boss who succeeded I Ah Hong, ' Welly . good,' and went on I working with his men just as if an injunction I had no terrors at all. 'You go to gaol,' I says a bonovolent legal gentleman who ac- .1 companied tho interpreter. 'No foar,'re- 1 plioa John. 'Aieo ko wa (keep tho pot :? a-boiling, lads),' And so tho btneroleBt I party gave it up for a bad job. On TluuV I day a motion came up in the Equity Court to I attach Ah Ching (the boss) and tho three 9 othor Chinamen, or in other words spud I them to gaol, for a breach of the injunction. I Howoyer, it was affirmed by his Honor TOt ? tho injunction only applied to Ah Hong, odd ? so tho motion was dismissed. ? Tho ' following letter from Mr. Gillies, ? undor date 19th October, to tha Ballarat ? Chamber of Commerce, is given in tho Star pj of tho 21st inst. :— ' The Attorncy-Gener^ B informed mo that the reason why MLvst m had not had insolvency jurisdiction extended ? to it ia tho same way as Sandhurst, is that 9 he (the Attoruey-Ucneral) has since M ? reason to doubt that it would bo of any ? service, as it ia altogether doubtful what tte 9 uriadiction of the judge would be — the set ? having made no apecial provision for tho ap- 9 pointment of country judges excopt Gcalong pj and Beoehworth. Under these circuirsiances 9 tho Attorney-Gonoral is of opinion that it ? will not be desirable to make any othepjia- 9 tricts until tho new Insolvency Bill (to, be ? introduced next session) becomes law.' '''? 9 A verdict of wilfully and maliciously 'mur- ,| dering her child was returned by a coroner! I jury against Ellen Tighe yesterday. .Ids I evidence given at tho inquest will be found j in another column, . I A Goelong Anglers' Protection Society I was formed last ovening at a meeting h.«M ;J at the Victoria Hotel, the objeot of which ' j to prevent illegal fishing by nots in tho 1 creeks and rivers near Geelong. A largo I number of gentlemen enrolled themselves m members. '? Mr. Lovien, who is tho largest peach grower in tho immodiate vicinity of GeoloDg, states that on hundreds of trees thore will be scarcely any fruit. At the Geelong Polico Conrt, yesterday, Thomas Burns was charged with having stolen somo property from Hedley s Howl, Ashby, in tho year 1869. The prisoner slept at tho hotel, and, whon his bedroom door waa opened in tho morning it was found that he waa gone. Upon searching' ««, room it was discovered everything portaDio had been carried away, bed, blankets, and sboets, and tho window loft wide open. .« none of tho stolon property had ever M& ; found, or traced to tho prisoner's possession, i ho was discharged. Whon steady sober men who live .?by the rule of thumb, and seldom make mistaWJ, break into the proprieties, they seldom stop half way in thoir vagaries. Mr. Andrew Andoraaa, of Geelong, plumber, ami i6«?y bo presumed glazier, arrived in MelbonrneDj the last train on Thnrsday night. When M got into tho city his object was to steRflu wife, who was staying at some friend f ? =«? was not at tho particular friends he «? peoted, and thereupon ho took M-LJ1'' abroad in search of her. That ho did «£ I find her was, perhaps, not his fault, wrtau it is, however, that somebody c eejw find him, and that with speed. _ It .w»'» seem he dipped his beak into -* a tankard, and that, by-and-by, » «i became, to use an old salt 's express.', 1 three sheets in tho wind. How ho ramJWJ through streets and through stref' ««' 1 came to Bourko-street might bo told d»W tioally, but it was in Swauston- street w he met .his kismet. Here he was occm» by an elderly flabby looking 'V''^ womankind, who first of all was ?&& that ho Bhould accompany her to anW)»-, Wr hard by. - Finding that ho was ada ni to her solicitations, sho took heart of ''£ «,d «aAe a desperate snatch .at his S On? wasn't enough hoover, and Z hod to fight f«r ifc» aDd a* last s«ocfie(led. ? tnrine !-or prize. Andorson was not *°?,^'ti,. woman till a policeman camo tmTa the meanwhile, however, a slight Kit »rty had flitted by and taken the lime J 1 r from th0 hami\0f, if8 fat '? b'-iy Wder She was described as an uidescrib , y old offender, and was ordered to gaol Jv tbo beach for six months. Anderson, f/tho meantime, determined as fast as pos riblc to return te Gceloug. Ttwill bo seen from an advertisement flsewhcre, that the inspection o£ the Engi neer Corps bus again been postponed, S? to the flooded Btato of the nvor. Tho Bcndigo Advertiser gives publicity to fnrt kuown in Melbourne some time past, /'a to tTo effect that Mr W Sota jl'Cann, formerly M. L. A. for Gcelong, iTurftlcd down in business in San Francisco. _Z ? tto name of W. Ncilaon and Co. Messrs Neilson and Co. advertiso thorn selves 'in the Alta California as telegraphic Mr S. S. Farrell, one of tho candidates for election as representative for Thomson ward, in tho Goolong Town Council, met the burgesses last ovening, at tho St. George's Hotel, Pakington-strect. Thoro is likely to be a very sharp contest in this -ard. Mr. Hopton, his opponont, is an nounced to hold a meeting this evening, at Kelly's Crown Hotel. \ Some anxiety is folt at tho longthencd absence from home at Geelong, of Mr. T. Curie. This gentleman has now been missing several days, and fcara are appre hended that he has met with some sad mis chance. ? ' Respectability and education oomo to strange passes in this colony. Yesterday, at tho City Police Court, a man named Herbert, who had tlie wearing aim apuueu ui n geiiwu man, was informed against by constable Sherwood for having: at different time3 been milty, of insulting oohavior to tho passen gers who travel by tho M. and H. B. Rail way Company. According to the showing of the constable Herbert was a very demon of disorder, and indeed haunted him and the station like a ghost. Tho accused's state ment was that ho went to tho station merely to take a nap, ho being so hard up as to render his purchase of a bed impossible Ho had, he said, arrived from tho Cape of Good Hopo only a few months- ago, and his behavior, as far as ho knew, had always beon vithin the bounds of propriety. As ho had been fined for a similar offenco before, tho prisoner was now fined £5, or in default . ordered to go to gaol for one month. Ho went to gaol accordingly. At the present rate of progress backward, the South Australians will soon havo a vory heavy deficit. By our Adelaide telegrams it will bs sees that tho South Australian ox penditnrb for tho quarter haa been £237,000, trhilo the income has boen only £146,000. An inquest on the lato firo at Mr. Davies', cabinctmakor, Ryrie-atrcet, Geelong, will be held on Tuesday next. Snipo are vory plentiful at Meredith. Some very plump birds wero sent to Gee long last ovoning. From a private letter from a lady in Fiji tho Ballarat Star of 20th Oetobor extracts tho following. Speaking of tho climate, sho says :— ' It is without exception the pleasantost I havo yot'bben in ; hot it is, no donbt, But I havo never felt tho heat hero as much as in Melbourne. The thermometer in the hottest time ranges from 75 to 80; I have not seen it higher.' Speaking of labor, sho says, ' I believo labor, or rather the want of it, is the only difficulty in the ulantor's way ; it is no doubt a great one. Slero wo are, for instance, almost at a stand still over since wo . came on that accounts Yesterday we had twenty-six Fiji men hero,. and this morning sixteen of thom ran away. They were men wo brought from Vifci Levu, and were to stay a year; but they got afraid of tho natives of tho land hero, as thero is war between their tribes just now, and so they ran away., There are several IadieB about Bau, the nearest mission station to ua, aboat twenty miles from this by land, most oi them from New Zealand. I amVory lonely. I havo not Boon a white woman for eleven months.'. ? : . A number of female disputants, accom panied by syinpathisinj; husbands, Bought redress at the Bast Collingwood Police Court yesterday.1 Two families, named respectively Cameron and Callaghaa, reside near each other in the vicinity of Rokeby-streot. By contemptuously resisting all neighborly advances, and publicly proclaiming that the ' Callaghans wero bono gatherers; and re cipients of charity, Mrs. Cameron excited the uncontrollable anger of Mrs. Callaghan, who yearned for and vowed revenge. Accord ingly, a few days ago, , Mrs.- Cal laghan, with clenched teoth and uplifted hands, confronted tho tradiicer of her family. Mrs. Cameron attempted to escape, but before she could do so a savage assault ? was made upon her by Mrs; Callaghan, who tore out her hair by handfuHa, drenched her with water, and then chased her with stones. The evidence given by tho complainant was not supported to the entire satisfaction of the bonch, and they thorefore determined to inflict the nominal penalty of 5a. enly. A niiunuruoae, m wnicn Agnes Murphy was complainant and Mary Callaghan defendant, ' was also heard, and resulted in tho latter being called upon to pay another fine of 5s. . Tho evidence given in both eases was of tho usual reoriminativo character, but, though discreditable to the parties themselves, it was productive of considerable amusement in'court, and tended to onlivcn the ordinary monotony of tho proceedings. Thoro waB a good attendance at tho Royal ' on Thursday ovening to welcome Mr. Hos \- kins and Miss Florenco Colvillo in tho School for Scandal. Miss ColvilJo's dobut has been looked for 'with special interest, and sho was very heartily greotod on making her first appearance aa Lady Teazle. After her performance of , tho charaotor the Mel bourne public will bo prepared to endorse almost all the encomiums which havo been pasBod upon Miss Colville in Sydney. She has tho endowments for an actress of high class comedy in a handsome and intelligent fact-, a graceful form, and a melodious voice. It was evident also, from tho commencement of the comedy that sho. had ? studiod her part carefully, and endeavored to render it with a fidelity to nature. In many portions she was highly successful in this effort. ' As the play wore on she gained confidence, and her acting in the varying emotions of the screbn scene was really excellent, eliciting the warmest approval of the audience. The Charles Surface of Mr. Hoskins -was. of ? course, admirable,' and Mr. Rogors Boldom played Sir Peter Teazle better. Tho perfor mance was repeated lost evening with still greater success on the part of Miss Col ville. . .... The Gregorys will give an afternoon per formance, as usual,- to-day. The usual entertainment of tho Temperance Society will be held this evening. Tub Snow-flake troupe of Christy Minstrels will give one of their performances on Monday evening next, at the Carlton Orderly-room, in aid of tho funds of tho Carlton Cricket Club. Tho perfonaaauo will consist of negro eccentricities, Ballads, and a local stump Bpeech, concluding with the amusing black farce, ontitlod This :; Tiwcoromittee of management of tho Immi grants Aid Society's Homo for tho houseless and destituto held their usual weekly meeting at the Homo yesterday. Present, the Rov. Goo. Arackie, . .and Moss™. Griffiths and Oliphant— Mr. Griffiths in the chair. Tho superintendent- jnado tho 1 ? 'allowing return of the number relieved during tie past week, and tho state of the home SL Pres,ent :— Number remaining last week, -j»t- ; admitted since, 203; discharged, 193; died, 1 (Isabella Flauni^an, aged twenty-five years, native of Ireland, cause of death, re mittent fover) ; remaining, 395 porsons. con ElStinc* nf '917 v«n» *7O ...-.— .._ ? .1 on _t -i i.._ . jo w* —vi *uv;*i, io wuuiuu, uiiu ou cuiiurcn. At the same date lnst year thero were 178 men, U women and GS children. Of tlio men, 93 are unablo to work from infirmity or sickness; 132 aro picking oakum or employed in various duties about the placo, and 12 aro hired out ; of the women 1G are nick or infirm, 3 are employed- at needlework, 2 working out, 9 in tho laundry, and « tewing bair, &c.; In outdoor relief 19 fami lies, or 101 persons, were relieved on presenting tno nooiety's relief cards. Donations per super gtendeiit— Mr. Hoekius, £1, ami Mr. J. Henry, £1. ' The bodies of the two children, Ellen UArcy Tapley and Herbert John Cowl J-apley, who were drowned in the Catnpaspe en the Oth instant, having been found in t.'io nver, an inquest was held on 19th October, when a verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. 