? CHATTER HI. UNDER THE SPELL. BY FREDERICK WILLIAM ROBINSON. JfR. Edmund HarliDgton Lanceford was prepared W receive Lis youngest son in b handsomely furnished chamber, the windows of (tbich commanded the frozen lake and the avenues of limes: a gaily furnished chamber even, and a vivid contrast to the dark exterior of the mansion. Pictures in massive frames upon the walls, vases, and statuettes, aiid delicate carvings under glass shades, in various parts of the room, silken hangings falling from gilt cornices above the windows, some eipensive Wedgewood ware and Dresden china sprinkled about the mantelpiece. There was a vase of exotics on the centre table, and Mr. Lanceford, with bis back to the fire, and his hands behind him, stood on the hearth-rug and seemed to be admiring it. «Master Lanceford has arrived, sir," announced a servant. " I shall be very gkd to see bim." Master Lanceford, followed by bis brother Edmund, shorlly afterwards made bis appearance, ran to his father, and was lifted up in bis arms to receive a paternal kiss in the centre of his forehead. " Welcome, William Ernest, to the Limes. My dear Edmund, will you oblige me by retiring? It will take you an hour to dress for dinner in a proper manner. We dine at four precisely, neither in our shirt- sleeves nor in ehooting jackets." "I'll come out like a gentleman, Mr. Lanceford,—like a—tramp, I was going to SBy, but I won't; " and with an incipient slam to the door, Mr. Edmund Lanceford withdrew. "Come to the fire, William Ernest; you must feel cold after your long jonrney." " No, papa. I found it rather chilly in the railway carriage; but the ride home has set P me all in a glow," replied the son. " It was kind of you to send Frisk to Dorchester, d sir." "Frisk, Frisk," repeated Mr. Lanceford ; "who's Frisk 1 " " The pony, sir." "Ah! the pony—v«s. I thought r t you d would he glad to see Frisk again." p Mr. Lanceford bad not thought anything of the kind ; hut he took the child's thanks for his consideration, nevertheless. Mr. Lanceford dropped into his easy chair, and Willie came and stood by bis side, and leaned his head against his shoulder. There Wad certainly affection in the manner with which the father's arm drew the boy to bis side. " And what improvement have you made since midsummer, William 1" said Mr. Lanceford. " Why I have grown an inch and a half, and I've got the history prize, and if it had not been for Harry Perks I should have brought home the good conduct medal." " And who's Harry Perks?—and why did he prevent you scoring an honour in that art which my children have never excelled in?" The lip curled a little as be spoke; but William Lanceford was too full of his subject to pay much heed to his futber's demeanour. " Harry Perks got up to his Iarks'wiib my silkworms,—hid them all in my Sunday hat, and I flew into a bad temper and I flung the bat at him, just as we were ready for church." " You must have been in a pious frame of mind, that morning, William Ernest." " I was sorry for it directly afterwards, sir ~especially as it hit him rather hard on the Dose." " Directly afterwards,—ah ! that's a Lanceford failing! If we could only stop the minute before the fault, the weakness, the sin, and not tear our hair and .-gnash our teeth, when remorse biases out' it is done!'" Mr. Lanceford was looking very intently at the fire. He had almo9t forgotten the son at his side. " But I only lost a medal; it was a trumpery bit of bronze, after all—just like a bad penny, papa. Harry and I are the best friends still." " That's right, bear no malice, mon JUs; and forgive the man who steals tbe fattest silkworms away from us. By the way, Wil- The boy looked up as his father paused. "When did you see your mamma last?" " One half- holiday last month, I went to Uncle Pembercast's." " I hope you spent a pleasant day there ? " "01 it is always pleasant with mamma— she's so kind, she's so fond of me. I wish tbe wouldn't be so anxious about me, though," added Willie reflectively. " Anxious about your studies, of course ? " " No ; anxious that I should Dot grow up and forget her—as if that were likely, or as if anyone ever forgot to love his mother, pa!" "A moral impossibility; but," he asked, after a pause—" is not your dear mamma, afraid, William, that you should forget to love me too ?" "I—I don't think she said much about that, sir." "Ah! probably not. But she is of a more fearful nature, William Ernest, than I am; for you are my son, and I trust you." The boy looked up at his father affectionately. " I am not of a suspicious nature; I lake my boy's word that he loves me and am content. He takes bis father's word, and trusts in it, knowing it iB spoken for his good." " Yes," said tbe boy, quickly. "Now, go and dress for dinner, like a young gentleman." " I don't think my boxes have come jet, papa." "Well, get rid of your travel- stains; you 6 j°> 01 f° r £ otten the way (o your old "No, no; I have a capital memory." The boy departed, and tbe father drew his chair closer to the fire, rested his hands upon his knees, and looked into the depths of the red coal. Something that his boy had said «et him thinking very deeply, took bim far way from the present, sowed wrinkles in the high white forehead, and closed the lips firmly on each other. There was more'life in the ™g diamond on Mr. Lanceford'a finger,—it seemed leaping out of its setting in the firelight,—than in the still figure in tbe velvet ejair. Tbe first dinner-bell rang and rouBed «r. Unseford fromhis reveris. HsroMfcnd went out of the room like a ghost, his slippered feet falling noiselessly upon the carpet. Meanwhile Willie, in bis own room was arranging himself for dinner, wbeD a tap at the d <ior announced a visi!or. "Cume in," cried Willie; and a very slim, pale-faced youtb, some three years his senior, entered the apartment. " What, Nathan!—I was just thinking of you." "Were you?" was the reply, in tho weakest voice imaginable; "that is kind of you, William—thank you." Nathan walked elowly across the room towards his brother. They shook hands together ; then Nathan drew a chair very close to the fire and shivered over it, while "Willie put his collar straight. Nathan Lanceford was not a fair specimen of an English youth, and formed a striking contrast to his elder and younger brothers. The air of Dorsetshire had planted no roses on his cbeeks, but had given him a palp, pinched expression of feature, and darkened him beneath his eyes. He was a sickly-looking lad, and tbe way in which he wore bis hair—long and straight to his shoulders—did not add any charm to his general appearance. " When did your Bchool break up, Nat? " " Last Wednesday.'' "Any fun?" " They had what they called fun in the playground. I didn't see much fun in it myself; it was too rough for me." " 0, I like rough play sometimes." " I don't; it hurts so." " You're pretty well in health, I suppose, Nathan ? " asked Willie, pausing some hair-brush manipulations, and looking at his brother doubtfully. " Don't I look so ? " said Nathan with a weak smile. "0, yes, I'm well enough. eople tell me how white I am, and how thin I am, and that I'm moping myself to eath. I never mope." " I should think not." " Papa says I'm not like a boy,—that I ead too much, and think too much ; and hat he shall keep tho library locked if I on't behave myself; but then you can't leaso papa in everything; and Edmund's boy enough for the two of us. I6ay, Willie, the first bell has rung some time," and he started to his feet with a look of dismay. " You had better make haste. Wo have no company this week, and papa will dine with us." Willie burst into a loud laugh. "What's the matter?" " Somebody has been playing tricks with you, Nathan. That's my brother Ned, for sixpence." " I dare say he has," with another feeble smile; " he's always so boisterous. He came into my room to borrow something, I remember now. I suppose it's something pinned behind, Willie? " "Yes,—ha! ha!—it's a towel, I think." "Will you please take it off?—thank you, Willie. It wub very foolish of Edmund, I think; very unbind too, because he knows I don't like it." He was proceeding to leave the room when the object of his censure dashed in unceremoniously. "I say, Willie, two minutes more young shaver and you'll upset the governor's dignity for tho rest of the evening. HoIIob, Nathan, so you aro here to do the amiable, at last ? " " I am not deficient in " Nathan ^ stopped and looked with amazement at his brother. Edmund Lanceford wns certainly dressed for dinner that particular evening, though where he had procured that enormous white neckerchief was a puzzle to Nathan. Everything was en regie except the white tie, and that was of pantomimic proportions, and stretched to an enormous distance on each side of his neck. " Are you going down Btairs in that, Edmund ? " aBked Nathan.. " In this choker, do you mean ? To be sure I am. Papa likes white ties; he said " But that's so large." " Papa said nothing about the size, and this was the smallest I could find. I fancy it looks very genteel myself; " and Edmund Lanceford took a further survey of it in Willie's dressing-glass. " I wouldn't keep it on, if I were you." " There's only a choice between this and a salmon-coloured stock with blue spots. I say, Willie, look alive. Propriety, my boy ; propriety." Willie was ready, and the three brothers hastened down stairs to the stately diningroom of the Lancefords. Master Edmund, with great gravity, was the first to enter the room and to take the butler unawares. That functionary, who was drawing the corks of some bottled ale at the side-board, dived his head out of sight at once, and was seen to shake a little fat leg behind him spasmodically. Mr. Lanceford, sitting at the head of the table, surveyed his son and made no comment; and the liveried menials bringing in the dishes glided about with purple complexions and mouths shut very tight indeed. The dinner commenced and was proceeded with in ceremonious fashion. It was a silent meal, however, at which Mr. Lanceford presided; and what it lacked in ease it made up in statelineBB, and therefore pleased Mr. Lanceford. Once or twice the younger boys glanced at their father, as if to read on his smooth, fair face, the impression made by Edmund and his huge cravat; but Mr. Lanceford'a countenance was not an easy one to read, and had puzzled in its time children of a larger growth. Edmund Lanceford paid strict attention to the courses, was scrupulous and exact in his deportment, and preserved a gravity of expression throughout dinner-time which might have been real, or an artful caricature of his father—acoording to the fancy of observers. The dinner was concluded at last, and Willie noticed that hiB brother Nathan had done far from justice to the good things placed before him, and had not returned from school with all a schoolboy's appetite. The wine and dessert were placed on the table, the servants retired, and shut father and eons together. Mr. Lanceford looked at the young gentleman with the cravat. "Itis not very often that I trouble my children to dine with me, for it is seldom my engagements will allow of that pleasant little mortification." The sonB of Lanceford had nothing to say in reply to thii obisrration. I had a hope that my children, accustomed early to the habits of society, would grow up gentlemen; that my eldest eon would be the first to show the Lanceford blood in him, and set a fair example to his younger brothers. Pleasant and comforting it is, not to be disappointed in one's expectations. May I ask, Mr. Edmund, where you found that jack-towel ?." " What jack-towel, Mr. Lanceford?" "I allude to that ornamental appendage around your neck: a very humourous conceit, and worthy of the brilliant mind that framed it. Will you please to give ub the signal to laugh ?—we would not be so deficient in politeness as to throw cold water on your efforts to amuse ub." "Oil don't want you to laugh, if you're not inclined, sir," said Edmund, colouring a little; "but you were rather hard with me yesterday about that shooting- jacket, and I thought I'd have a little fun out of my evening dress." " Ah 1 I fear I am too easy with you, lads; I would have brought you up as my companions, and lo, familiarity breeds the usual contempt! Unwise is the father who is * hail fellow, well met,' with his sons." Mr. Lanceford was not a bad hand at moralising, although his aphorisms were not always suitable to the occasion. Mr. Lanceford was not a harsh father, for the reason that he detested trouble more than anything in the world. He had not been "hail fellow, well met," with his sons—had, in fact, seen too little of them in his life, and left them to school-masters and private tutors, who were paid to train them up in the way they should go. They went their own way to a considerable extent, for it was a bore to reason with them, and painful to Mr. Lanceford's nerves to reprove them. There would be time enough to check them he thought; they would outgrow boyish follies without his interference. When anything serious transpired,—anything serious meant when they disturbed him and his pleasures,—then he would step forward and be firm as the rock. " We will change an unpleasant subject," remarked Mr. Lanceford; "my boys are not always home for the holidays, and heaven knows who directs their manners abroad! I have an idea in my head concerning the future education of you three young gentlemen, of which I will inform form you another day ; for the present let us banish care to the shadows. Nathan, my dear son, you give me the horrors: take some grapes, drink some wine, and look lively." The father leaned forward and clipped at the stalks of the grapes, and picked out the finest punch for his own consumption. In that little action, and in the care with which he poured his own glass of port from the docanter, was there any clue to Mr. Lanceford's character ? Don't be too free with the wine, lads," he said, after a time; "I'm not quite certain of the effect it may have after two glasses. May I nsk if any of you young gentlemen have sketched out a plan for the next month's amusements ?" Well, I have thought of one or two things," observed Edmund. Not always havinc the pleasure of your company at tbe Limes," continued the parent, " I am very willing to do my best to entertain you during your holidays. We must have a few friends to enliven us in Dorset, and when Dorset grows too dull for us, why if you are kind onongh to behave yourselves, we'll emigrate to May fair, which is a convenient distance from the pantomimes." Edmund and Willie brightened up at this, and cried, " capital!" Nathan did not care a great deal about pantomimes, they were so noisy; he liked Hamlet best. But even Nathan gave way after his third glass, which was filled on the sly by Edmund, who was aw fait with the decanter, and drank his wine like a man of the world, and talked of London and the fine sights to be seen there. "You will not leave the pantomimes till tbe last week, papa ? " said Willie. Mr. Lanceford inquired the reason of that question. " Because I promised mamma to spend a week with her at Brighton before I go back to school. I wouldn't disappoint her for the world." Mr. Lanceford held his wine to the light, and was silent a moment. " Eight, William Ernest, right—study the wishes of your best friends," he said at last. " We will manage not to disappoint mamma." Why the mention of mamma's name should suggest thoughts of William ErneBt's luggage, did not appear at the moment; but the next question of our hero—yes, Willie Lanceford is the hero of our story bookwas about his box with the brass nails, and whether it had arrived yet. 0 ! how he wished that box had come. Mr. Lanceford rang the bell and made the necessary inquiry of the lackey. Yes, the box had arrived, and was at that moment in the hall. "Olif it might be brought into the dining-room! He had brought some little presents for them all—" Christmas boxes yon know: might James bring in the box with the brass nails, please, papa?" James received the required permission, and in due course the box was deposited on the dining-table among the wine-glasses and dessert-plates, where it looked rather an awkward ornament, with a blue patch on the side marked " Waterloo to Dorchester." Willie was in high spirits; the port wine, the arrival of his box, the fature prospect of pantomimes, had made his eyes sparkle and his cheekB flush, aDd he stood on the chair rubbing his little hands together and chuckling with delight. The father leaned back in his chair, and watched him with a pleased smile'; it was a novel sensation to be surrounded by his children, to see them happy, and his heart beat somewhat faster. He had sought happiness in a good many ways, good and bad, but he- did not remember feeling more comfortable than just at that moment. It was very strange why he should feel so quietly happy sitting there, with none of the Mends who valued hie society and loved to hear him talk, at his elbow. Once his face shadowed for an instant as an unpleasant reminiscence fell on his brain; but it was shaken off like a waterdrop. He did not like ghosts stalking unbidden to the feast. "Now then," cried Willie, "all in to begin, as Harry Perks says. Here is the key of the blue chamber—did you ever read Blue Beard, papa; the man who served his frivMQtttf" I Mr. Lanceford flinched. A shaft from this Lilliputian, shot at random, as it were, struck him and made him smart for the mo ment as he sat there. "An interesting story with a two-edged moral. Yes, I have read it." " I can't say I like it much myself," said Nathan. " 0 you are not old enough to under stand it," said Edmund to his brother " here—paBS your glass." "No, thank you," said Nathan, heel tating. But the glass was replenished despite Nathan's objections, and presently the quiet lad began to sip his wine and look at the wax-lights in a knowing manner. "Now, attention, ploase," commanded Willie, unlocking the box and opening it, L " you mustn't expect anything very slap— very fine," he corrected, catching sight of his father's elevated eyebrows; " for pocket- money is scarce at breaking-up time, and if it had not been for mamma you might have come off shorter than you have. Here, Edmund, catch ! " and a handsomely-bound volume went spinning towards his eldest brother, who adroitly caught it, opened it, and burst into a laugh. "Milton's Poems!—By George, here's tough work for a follow. I say, Willie, is not this bringing coals to Newcastle ? Why there is a Milton—fifty Miltons for what I know—in tho library." " Is there ? " said Willie, disconsolately; I did not think of that. And I forgot too you weren't very fond of reading." Ned was quick enough to see the shadow on his brother's face. " Well, I'll read it for your sake, Willie, and keep it too, in lavender, and I'm very much obliged to you, old fellow. I hope you have written my name in it." " Yes," said Willie, fishing in the box again, "in my best round hand, on tbe yellow leaf. I'm afraid it has run a little, though. Here, Nathan." Something id a paper that looked like a pair of boots, and which Nathan took with a mild thank you, and proceeded to deprive of its wrappings. Willie stood on the chair watching the operation nervously; the first rebuff had made him doubtful of the success of his presents. But Nathan was a more thoughtful youth than his brother Edmund, or the wine had sharpened his faculties that evening. " A trap, bat, and ball—mahogany trap, too; well that is kind of you, Willie ; just the thing for me at school." " I'll bet you sixpence you don't understand it," said Edmund. " Simple as possible, my dear Ned," said Nathan, quite vivaciously. " Look here, now—the ball goes there, and you strike this end of the trap with the bat so, and—0, murder!" The ball had shaved Mr. Lanceford's left whisker, and gone through the lookine-glasB on tho mantelpiece behind him. Nathan looked in a half-silly, half*-frightened manner at his father, who turned round, surveyed for a moment the round hole made by the ball, then shrugged his shoulders, and resumed his former position. " An unfortunate choice of presents, William Ernest," said he, " and likely to prove rather expensive to me. Upon my word, Edmund," turning to that young gentleman, " your sense of humour is particularly acute." Edmund was in convulsive throes of laughter; ho sat swelling and turning purple, and writhing on his chair. " Nathan's 6uch a muff, sir." " That's a lie ! " cried Nathan, suddenly firing: up to the amazement of them all; " a muff's a fool, and nobody ever called me that; nobody ever will when I grow up. If I can't play this trumpery thing " Mr. Lanceford hammered the table gently with a pair of silver nutcrackers. "Gentlemen, my wine has been too potent for you, and you have not exercised a fair discretion in the drinking thereof. I regret to propose an adjournment to the drawing-room, where some strong tea, followed immediately by an early bed, may make you presentable objects in the morning." " Wine too potent for me! " cried Edmund with a hiccup: " that's a good one,— that is." Edmund had talked or drunk his enormous tie under his ear, where it hung lank and drooping, and looked very intoxicated indeed, even if its master's sleepy eyes and flushed face had not warranted Mr. Lanceford's insidious allusions. But the father would not argue the point, and wished to cloBe the wine-bibbing ere hia sons began to quarrel among themBelves or became incapable of finding their way to the drawingroom. He rose. "One moment, papa; I am not at the end of my presents; there's one more, you know." " But I did not know, my son." "Ah! but there is." " I pray the gods for better fortune with it," said he lightly. " Is it for me ? " "You are the most thoughtful of sons, and of brothers," he remarked; "and," with a visible yawn, "I am all impatience for the oracle to speak." A small packet neatly sealed was tendered him by Willie, who dropped on his knees and leaned across the box to watch hiB father's countenance. Willie had no doubt of that present pleasing his father and winning the warmest thanks. He had reserved that bonne louche till the last. The paper envelope dropped, and a small morocco case made its appearance. "It's Willie's portrait," shouted Edmund. " Willie is the most extravagant of mortals," added Mr. Lanceford, opening the case. One little start—a red flush and an angry frown, there and gone like magic, and then Edmnnd Harlington Lanceford, Esq., standing with his back to the fire, the picture of a well-bred gentleman. " Isn't it like life, papa? " cried Willie. "It seemed leaping towards me when I opened tbe case," said he. " Yes, it is a striking likeness, and comes upon one like a blessing unprepared for. Thank you, Willie, thank you." He did not raise his eyes from the portrait —eyes which flashed a little, but doubtless with delight. Willie locked his box and sat down in silence. He was a boy hard to please; even the reception which the third present had met with seemed scarcely to content him. " May I take the liberty of asking, Willie, how this came into your possession f " inquired thft fetbwr* " Mamma sent it to mv school one day, and such a pretty letter with it," said Willie, in reply; " she thought I should like to keep it for her sake, and that it would remind me of her when we were apart." " And yon cast away the gift, William; is not that ingratitude? " " I have a copy," cried Willie exultingly, "a photograph; you can't tell one from the other, the man said I shouldn't." " I would have been content with the copy—this is robbing you." "No, no," said Willie; "you want the portrait more than I do, papa." Mr. Lanceford looked up for the first time. "How is that?" "You never see mamma," exclaimed Willie; " she is always too ill to come to the imes." " Eight," was the moody answer. Edmund and Nathan sat side by side and looked at the decanter they had finished between them. How much or how little those boys knew of the family secret is hard to guess; but they sat there and were conscious it was a painful subject to the sire, and one on which it was dangerous ground to tread. " Don't wait for me, children," said Mr. Lanceford at last; " I will join you shortly in the drawing-room." The boys took the hint and rose to depart ; Edmund had drunk the most wine, but Nathan was the most unsteady on his 3\. They went out arm-in-arm; Willie, inclined to be thoughtful, following in the rear. They were standing on the leopard's skin before the drawing-room door, and Edmund was laughing boisterously at Nathan's mild inquiry for the handle, which " had got moved somehow," when Mr. Lanceford's hand fell lightly on the shoulder of his youngest son. " If you proceed so slowly, Willie, in the world, you will find yourself in the background and your friends winning all the prizes." Willie murmured something about the school prize he had not yot shown his father, and then asked more eagerly if he had the portrait safe. " Safe as life, William Ernest," said he with a light laugh; " no one dare lay hand upon that gentle mother's face of thine." What was that crackling and flaring in the great dining-room firo which had been recently so wildly poked at? What was it that the butler, standing on the carpet roses, stooped to look at, after locking up the decanters of tbe Lancefords ? CHAPTER IV. Mr. Lanceford kept his word with bis sons, and did his best to entertain them during their holidays at Dorset. They were allowed every license by their parent, and the domestics of the establishment found a considerable portion of time taken up in attending to the wants of at IeaBt two of the young gentlemen. The servants received orders and obeyed them with alacrity— wore profuse in their expressions of pleasure at seeing the young masters home again, and only showed their discontent in the servants' hall, where the general opinioD wns that Master Edmund made the place a little 'ell upon hearth," and that Master Willie wasn't much better, for tbe only time he wanted to be quiot, was when his brother wouldn't lot bim. Tho servants of tho house of Lanceford hml had experience of Master Edmund's eccentricities for tbreo weeks prior to tho arrival of tho two younger sons, Edmund Lanceford having deemed it fitting to resent a flogging he had received for inattention, by walking out of the Collegiate School, Leamington and making for tbe Limes, whither he arrived in the course of tho woek so ragged and dusty that Mrs. Dornton, at the Lodge, told him there was nothing to be given away and he had better go about bis business. Mr. Lanceford treated this escapade in the usual way; it was very wrong of Edmund Lanceford, and be would have preferred his remaining at Leamington and keeping a good boy; but it was the boy's deBtiny to be rash and ungovernable, and perhaps the master waB in fault; he would inquire further into it when he had the time to spare. It is questionable, such is the inconsistency of human nature, whether the grumbling servants below stairs would not have been sorry to part with Master Edmund, despite the trouble he gave them : certainly one or two of the prettieBt housemaids,—although he was " an "mpudent young monkey," "and ought to have been ashamed of himself! "—did not object to his visits to the lower regions, where he tore their caps and their gathers in chasing them round the dressers and tables, and one day set the " whole house up in harms"—quoting the butler's complaint to Mr. Lanceford—by appearing with a large bough of mistletoe and kissing the maids all round, including even the cook, who was fifty years of age, and who threatened to scald him, but didn't. Then he gave his orders with invariable good temper, and with always a " there's a good fellow;" and a fair word and a laughing face go as far with domestics as with most people. Out of doors with the gamekeeper, or in the stable with the grooms, he was decidedly a favourite, for he was free with his tips, when he had any tips to be free with, and he treated them all aB hiB equals. Jemmy Dornton, tbe coachman, who was a hard man at timeB, but who had lived long enough in the family to believe there was no house like the Lancefords', thought there was only one boy in the world at all equal to "that Ned," and that was "that Willum!" Perhaps that Willum did not improve during his holidays, with that Ned for a companion; seventeen and twelve are scarcely fit associates, more especially when seventeen Bets a doubtful example. There was a great deal of his half-brother's nature in Willie Lanceford, and it is the weakness of boyhood to oopy one's senior. .Frank and generous as his brother Ned, almost as impulsive, equally aB bold in his way, the younger child posseBBed a more affectionate heart, and had always a thought, which Edmund seldom had, for the feelings of others. How long that affection and consideratenesB might last with so 'inconsiderate a companion was doubtful. Mr. Lanceford, who appeared more - interested in Willie than his elder sons, possibly saw the danger of this companionship, and took Willie for long rides, till he grew tared of the efforts that drew him away from his library—for he was a Btudious man at times—and his ehooting, and his visits to his gnttd cttghboarii - - • And Nathan all this time kept in his own room, or to the bookB of his father's library. He did not care for the hounds, like Edmund, and he would as soon have trusted himself in a balloon as on Willie's Shetland pony; every effort to get him from the houee seemed to give him pain, and when he was forced or cajoled to join his brothers, he walked by their side absorbed in thoughts of his own. He was the quiet one of the family, keeping his affeotions very deep down in his heart, and making no demonstration; cold, reserved, and only thoroughly pleased when left to go his own way. His brother Edmund called him "a great girl," which compliment Nathan returned by calling him a great pig," when there was a door locked and bolted between them. Perhaps Mr. Lanceford had more reason to be proud of Nathan than the rest, for that son always returned home with a box full of prizes, and Optima engraved on his schoolmasters' reports; but Mr. Lanceford was a man of few signs, and did not exhibit any favouritism towards the clever one of his house. _ The holiday time passed on, parties were given at the Limes, and everybody enjoyed himself but Nathan, who, sitting with his white kids in a corner, presented rather a miserable object, and was not to be rouBed under any pretence whatever; juvenile parties were returned by the gentry of Dorset, and the children of Lanceford were whirled off in the family carrirge to participate in the festivities. Willie found the time pass very pleasantly, and three weeks of his holidays had nearly ran their course before he was thinking of the dear mamma waiting for him on the Sussex coast. Three weeks, and they were only just thinking of London and the pantomimes! "We must positively start for London next week," Baid Mr. Lanceford. " But—mamma!" " I don't fetter your inclination, William Ernest," said the father; "you are free to depart to Brighton whenever you please, despite my idea that a day will make little difference." "Well, it won't make, much difference." " And Brighton is a dreary place, William, and there is only Uncle Pembercast to keep your spirits up." " Uncle Pembercast—O my! " " And cousin Amy,—although very young to be a playfellow of yours." "I don't like playing with girls," said Willie. " Still you can bathe." Willie's teeth began to chatter at the idea; but his father would not dissuade bim from seeing his mamma; let him decide for himself. So Willie Lanceford thought one day would really make no difference, and it was rather hard to have a chance of seeing a pantomime and give it up for the sea-side in January. He would stop just one day. His mamma liked to hear that he was happy ! That one day was forced to be two, for business of importance detained Mr. Lanceford at the last moment in Dorset, and the final week of Willie's holidays was two days old when they were rattling up to London. In the first-class carriage which the father nnd his three sons had to themselves, Mr. Lanceford mentioned the plan concerning the future education of his children,—a plan to which he had alluded on the first night of Willie's arrival. Edmund and Nathan were growing up fast, and before they repaired to college to complete their ednc.ilion, Jin intended to hare a private tutor to tho Limes, and keep his sons under his own eye, until such time ns he thought them sufficiently advanced in their studieB to proceed to Oxford or Cambridge. ' 0 ! I don't care about studying any more," said Edmund, bluntly. "lam sick of tutors, and the sight of Latin and Greek makes me ill. And as for college—catch me wearing a mortar-board on the top of my head! " " You are very welcome to grow up a dunce, if you please," said Mr. Lanceford; the tutor will arrive at the Limes nevertheless, and you may obey him or not, according to your humour. I shall have done my duty, and you will, as a matter of course, have neglected yours." " But when lam twenty- one " "There, there, we know what is to happen when you are twenty-one. You will be your own master then, and a gentleman or dunce of property, as the case may be. We were discussing the subject of education; does it suit you, Nathan ? " "Very well indeed, sir ; a private tutor at home will be so much more comfortable than remaining at school." You will miss your schoolfellows, Nathan?" " I never cared for one of them, papa." "I shall have to ask you the question some day, Willie," said Mr. Lanceford, " for the plan of dividing my sons proves a failure." " What, give up my school, and—Harry Perks!" "Possibly." The Lancefords arrived in London late in the afternoon, and proceeded direct to their town house in Mayfair. After dinner Mr. Lanceford complained of fatigue, and Jemmy, who had arrived by the same train, was sent away again with the oarriage. The visit to Drury Lane was positively fixed for the morrow, the third day of Willie's laBt week, and Willie went dispirited and pantomimeless to bed. Whether Willie Lanceford had had bad dreams, or received "a call," or felt his conscience preying on him, did not appear at breakfast-time. He breakfasted with his brothers; but was as silent as Nathan, and stared at his reflection in tbe silver coffee biggin, as though it were his fetch. " I say," cried Edmund, who had usurped the easy chair, and was turning over the Times with great attention, " what's the matter with you fellows ? Have you had a row ?" ' . " I never have a row," eaid Nathan. Willie's nabbed the rust, then." "Nabbed what? " cried Willie. "Taken the huff. Who has hart your feelings, Willie?" " Nobody; I only feel a little dull, Ned," explained he. "I eliall be better in a minute." " Here, Til read you the programme for Drury Lane this evening,—attention! " Edmund recited the particulars of the entertainment offered to the public, and Willie- and Nathan listened attentively, Willie brightening up when Edmubd read of the "Bowers of Bliss in the Silvertyangled Xtataa *f On Stumy Iftlwds," where the transformation took plaoe, and the fun began. " It will be very pretty," affirmed Willie, rubbing one hand over the other. "I don't think I shall like it much," said Nathan. " What's the good of pantomimes?" Willie relapsed into thought again, and presently, when Edmund had found something interesting in the paper, and Nathan had drawn a pocket volume from some secret receptacle, and was poring over it with his head between his hands, Willie slid off his chair, went silently to the hat-tree in the ball, put on his cap, and walked into the street. Willie knew ilayfair well enough, and found ; his way without any difficulty to a narrow.lane at the back of his father's house, where Trere a number of stables, and a greater number of grooms and stable-boys. There was considerable bustle in that damp, stone- paved lane; all Mayfair had been out holiday-making yesterday, and carriuges were being washed and horses rubbed down in every direction. Willie came to the Lanceford carriage at last, and stood watching a slim, loosejointed youth dash buckets of water at one of the hind-wheels, and charge it with a mop. "Jemmy's boy," said Willie at last. "Where's Jemmy ? " Jemmy's boy touched his front lock of hair to the young master, and answered, "in the stables." Willie watched the washing process, and tried to count the revolutions of the wheel a little longer, then went into the stable opposite, with his hands in his pocket, afad a very woe-begone expression of countenance. m Jemmy, in his shirt-sleeves, and with his a apple-face of a glow, was rubbing down the horses and hissing melodiously. Jemmy was an opinionated man in the matter of horses; indeed he had been known to express a great many opinions on divers subjects in his time ; and woe to the man who dared to lay a hand on Mr. Lanceford's horses, or know anything about them, or understand what ailed them, or what particular boluses were best for them, when they caught cold, or were " out of sorts," " any way. And Jemmy's horses, as they were called, appreciated his attention, were only manageable in his hands, and evinced in no small degree their affection for the apple-faced coachman, who was the first to bid them good-morning and the last to look in at night with a lantern and make sure that they were warm and comfortable. Jemmy's voice, or Jemmy's tread afar off, was the signal for his equine friends to whinny with emotion, and put their heads out of the open half of the stable door to look after him. Then there was Jemmy's dog, a wiry little wretch that bit at everything that was not a Lanceford, or Lanceford property, who came in for a fair share of Dornton and quadrupedal patronage, and who at the moment of Willie's entrance was comfortably seated on the back of the mare his master was diligently grooming. " What, Master Willum Ernest! " said Jemmy, knuckling his forehead after a fashion he never swerved from in his most familiar moments; " any message from Mr, Lanceford?" "No, Jemmy." " Merely out for pleasure, Master Willum I Ernest ? " he suggested. — "That's all, Jemmy," replied Willie. L " You don't mind me here ? " " Why I ought to be used to you, by this toime," said Jemmy with a grin, as he resumed his hissing, and groaning, and o I " woing," and " come over, lass! " Willie watched the operation for a few n minutes, as gravely aB he had witnessed the washing of the carriage-wheel. Then he s burst forth with— "I say, Jemmy, I want to ask your advice." l " Worry muoh obliged to you, Master o Willum ; anything I can do in the way of h advice you may rely on." c " I always used to come to you when I—I was in a fix, Jemmy." m " Ah ! you used. Do you remember falling in the lake and coming to the lodge y for advice, because you feared your mother would be frightened to death at the sight of you, Willum Ernest ? " " Ah! and you told me something about t your mother, and how you managed once. You went straight home, I think, for fear of catching the shakeB." "Exactly so." "Well, it's about my mother again, Jemmy." "Well," said Jemmy, conceitedly, "if there is any toe-pic on which I can coom out, its 'mother,'Master Willum." "My papa, you must understand, promised me a pantomime." " Darn it!—the whole lot of it ? " "To see a pantomime, I should have said; don't be Batirical, Jemmy, or I shall never get on." Jemmy looked pleased; he was rather proud of being satirical. "And of course I'm fond of seeing pantomimes ; and so I have stopped here a little too long I'm afraid, considering I promised mamma to spend my last week's holiday with her." "Ah! that's bad." Jemmy had finished his grooming, and was devoting his whole attention to the narrative. "I fancied one day and then two days would not make much difference, and now it has grown to three days, and I am to see the pantomime to-night." "That's four days to-morrow," said Jemmy, with the confidence of a Cocker, "leaving three for your mamma." "Yes, and I don't care so much about the pantomime now." " Justlook'ee here," said Jemmy gravely; 'Til put a pal-lal case to yon, Willum Ernest, which occurred to me once. I can only put pal-lal cases, you understand, for it bean't Mr. L&nceiord;'s coachman's place to take one side or f other." " And it really happened ? " "Do you think it could be a pal-lal case If it hadn't?" Willie did not see how it could very well; £0 Jemmy, standing iu shirt-sleeves and oratorical attitude, commenced his parallel. "All that passes in strict confidence, and nothing said to nobody, as a matter of course," lie began, by way of preface. "Now, then. When I wor a little boy abouttenye&rs; end a-hall old with black curiytaiiv-— "Why itfsbrown!" '.'All trouble, Master "Willum, and—the he&dwhe; but doan't interrupt, please, or w t you'll put me out and spile it. When I wor a little boy with—never mind what kind of coloured hair—I had a mother stopping at the Isle of—Dogs, down in the country somewhere, where the sea cooms rolling beautiful. And this mother wanted to see me the last week of my holidays, just as yours might, and my father had promised to take me to Duo-row's to see the horses—for I was al'ays fond of horses from an infant in arms up'ards—and I had told my father, just as you might, that it wor koind of him to think of taking me, and thank'ee too I'd go." " And did you, Jemmy ? " asked Willie breathlessly. " Well, a queer sort of cattle stopped me. Master Willum,—a kind of nightmare, dreamt my mother wor ill, took sudden with something awful in the innards, and that there she was a-lying in her bed unable to move, the doctor said, though she couldn' keep a limb of her still; and she kept call ing out ' Willum '—Jemmy, I mean- ' Jemmy, Jemmy,' till my hair rose on my head, and my eyes opened wide, and there "" wor." " Where ? " cried Willie, intensely interested. "Where I wor before I went to sleep, without my mother, who might be ill for what I know'd, and who doted on me more tban anythink in life. I couldn't go to Ducrow's after that, Willum Ernest; I went straight to my father, and I said, ' father, I've been three days longer from my mother tban I ought; will you let Jemmy see me safe into the Brighton train, for she may be ill, or fretting werry much to see "Jemmy, you did right! " cried Willie in high state of excitement, and totally blind to any trifling errors in the construc- tion of the story. " It's a case very like my own. You don't know how determined it has made me feel. And what did your father say ? " "0! he said," said Jemmy, giving a scratch to his head with the curry-comb, " he said I wor the best of boys." " And so will mine," said Willie. "I'll find him at once, for I must go to Brighton directly. Didn't TOU feel, Jemmy, as if all the pantomimes—I mean all the crows and horses in the world, wern't worth a button after that?" "I felt it would turn me sick to see 'em." " Where's my pa ? " And with his chest heaving, his hands clenched, and his dark eye flashing, the hoy marched out of the stables, down the lane, into the front street, and up the steps of his father's mansion. " Where's Mr. Lanceford," to the porter. "In the study, Master William." Master William, without even the ceremony of knocking, burst into his father's study a moment afterwards. Mr. Lanceword was writing when the door was flung back, and be looked up with a less amiable expression than usual at the interruption. " Well, William," rather sharply, " what' 1B it ? " " I wish to speak to you, papa." " I am busy now, child ; I shall miss the post if you detain me." " And I shall miss the train, papa." "What train?" " The train that must take me to mamma ; promised to Bpend a week with her, and I I haven't kept my word ; and I am a anceford !" " But you will never give up the pantomime ? I have engaged a box, my son, and have been looking forward to the pleasure f taking you so long." The father spoke with a strange earnestess, and the boy wavered. " 0! papa, don't try to persuade me to top. Think how lonely mamma is." "She has her niece, brother, sister-inaw." "But she sees them every day, and me nly two or three times a year. And she asn't complained, or written to say how ruel I am. Papa, I will go !" Mr. Lanceford watched his son for a oment keenly, then Baid very slowly— "Go, then; I have no wish to thwart ou." " May Jemmy take me to the train, sir." "Yes." The boy looked wistfully at his father, hen ran into his arms. " You are not cross with me for going ? You wouldn't like to hear that mamma was fretting about me ? " "No, no; I'm not cross, Willie," said the father with more tenderness; "but you muBt not love mamma too much, or let her teach you to forget me. There, go now. You will leave Brighton for your school, and I shall not see you again for six months. Here is some pocket-money." And five sovereigns clinked in the boy's hand. " You are very kind, papa. Good-bye." "Good-bye. Your school boxes shall arrive iu time." When Willie had left the room to superintend the packing of a small portmanteau, and to surprise his brothers with his adieu, Mr. Lanceford struck his hand smartly on the desk. "Does he turn away like all the rest, and will he grow uplike all the rest, unfilial and indifferent? Pious people," taking up his ran pen no-pin again, « WOuld call this a judgment on me " He glanced at the letter he had been interrupted in, reached forth bis hand, and tore it slowly and deliberately into fifty pieces. " Let her wait." _ Fiveminutes silent thought by the time piece ticking on the mantelpiece, and then he struck the bell on the table. "Tell Master Edmund that I wish to see him!" he said to the footman. "Yes, sir." The man withdrew, and in due course Master Edmund stood at his father's desk, still wearing the surprised look which the sudden announcement of Willie's intention had left upon his face. " Got your hat, and go with Willie to the Brighton station. See him safe in the train, and telegraph that he is on his way to Mrs. Lanceford, Belle-vue Mansion, Brighton." "Is she lodging there, sir ? " "So William Ernest says." _ William Ernest had said nothing of the kind, for the reason that the question had never been asked him; but Edmund Harlington Lanceford, Esq., knew more than the world gave him credit for. Master Edmund received some money from his father and withdrew. In a little hile Jemmy brought the carriage and pair o the home, andMr. Lanceford stood be- hind the window-curtains and watched his eldest and his youngest son depart. He did not step to the front and wave another adieu to Willie; but contented himself with " blushing unseen " in the shade, and perhaps with wishing God speed to his boy on his journey. I say perhaps, for his wishes lay deep in his heart, and his heart was not on his sleeve for the daws of the world to peck at. And yet he soliloquised in Hamlet fashion, too. " That boy will be a trouble to me," he muttered; " even now in bis youth the will of the fledgling beats me off from the path I Would lead him. It is the cloud no bigger than the hand; but it is there!" That night whilst Mr. Lanceford and sons sat in a private box of Drury-lane Theatre, Mr. Lanceford yawning wearily, Edmund lost in admiration of the ballet girls, and Nathan fast asleep with his head buried in the playbill, two figures were standing on the balcony of a house that faced a surging moon-lit sea. Two figures beneath one heavy shawl, which draped the head of the lady and waB carefully wrapt round the dark-haired boy pressed warmly to her side. "Is not this better than a hot theatre, and a world of maskers mocking all that is good and true? " "It is a beautiful night," said Willie, " and they are half through the pantomime by this time. What fine games the clown is having now ! " "You are not soTry to be here?" cried the mother. It was a jealous cry, and the boy felt the arm round his neck tighten and thrill again. "No, mamma, I am glad I have come, I am always happy with you." Poor mother! Was she not happy too that night, with all at her side that made life yet worth a struggle ? From the room within there falls on that happiness, too full for words, a harsh voice from the world—the practical world that knows not what happiness means! " Amy, I shall catch my death of cold this winter's night. You are acting very rashly with that boy of yours. Pray come in and shut the window." Amy Ellen Lanceford turned, folded the shawl more closely round her little one, passed with him into the lighted chamber, and drew the blind before the moonlight and the silver pathway struck out on the (To be continued.) 