The opposition of the Beechworth "mining Board to a reduction of lease rents seems to'l be " a matter af wittles" after alL" They dread that their occupation will be gone if the greater portion of the auriferous terri tory in the Ovens district should come to be fjVon up under leases instead of miners rights. As the Ovens and Murray Adver tiser aptly puts it, " their craft is in danger, " and the cry now is, great are the boards '< and the works which they have accom- " plislied." Boiled down from a bombastic half column of semi-legal jargon, their rea sons for objecting to a reduction from twenty to five; shillings a-year rent per acre, are briefly as follow: — Because of the arbitrary power of the Minister of Mines, waiver of labor covenants is not only winked at but encouraged, so that leaseholders can. occupy for merely speculative purposes large areas at the nominal expense of £1 per acre. If holders of leases were amenable to local courts of- justice in the same way as occu piers of ground by virtue of miners' rights, much of the land now being shepherded would be honestly worked. If five shillings instead of a pound .par acre were charged for lease rents without proper provision being made for the due observance "of the lease covenants, the. reduction would not appreciably afiect the . companies which do fulfil -fhemWhile- here we must quote in full the vigorous language of the framer of fhe. repprt, whognnst, like another celebrity, have graduated on the Nation,' it "would" " undoubtedly largely benefit that clamorous .« class' the -shepherds of leases,-, and pro- " inoters of bubble mining companies and " mining swindles generally, to whose sys- " tematic knavery as cfeethe,gre veiling want "of cohfidence " and ' consequent' 'depression " in mining industry.'"' Tie last reason — save the mark — against any reduction is, that from July, 1868, to February, -1869, 40,727 acres were applied for under the leasing regulations, ont of which only 400 acres were taken up nhd/rent paid thereon; mdjhat mace! then. 2400. acres had been s&qpherdedm;: as long "aslfwelye months, at a nominal oast TdzJ, 'a Jeporitof'£15." " It is difficult to Hargue seriously or with patience upon such a report as theahove. Bat as the protest of the BeethWorth. "Mining i -Board sniakea very Mmvmiient handle 'for &e;'<Sajfty"SecretaiyL oFJBnes, had .the Minicter DepM-immt continues to be too " busy writing' iocbnifi to lialliu-ataiiti see fhings . with bis own Will Ado violence to frtirB&mgsi;, and in thecalmest lfflbnnfte<odtadb- fequehdiy tob;prcmrietie%'- with carrying, nhilling- eeeking, up and down fitniis son of a — r-j" we cap only plead excessive provocation, and throw ourselves upon the mercy of the court. To answer the objections then in order. Because the Government has neglected to provide ade quate machinery for enforcing the fulfil ment of mining lease covenants, and irregularities take place, therefore the rent should not be. reduced. This is the. argu ment of the Beechworth Alining Board. "Was ever such nonsense put into print 1 As if it were the lessee's fault, whether the rent be five shillings, or five pounds as it used to be, that Sir Brough Smyth has issued an ukase, and forgotten to appoint an. executive. The Mining Board calls the charge a " nominal expense of XI per aoe." Utey would find it a remarkably "nominal" rent if they had to prospect seven or eight hundred acres for ten a dozen years, with not sufficient returns to -pay for firewood. The rents paid by the Kneebone, the Great Extended, the Wellington, and the Golden Lake Com panies, have been particularly nominal, so . nominal that one of the companies has been wound up, and none of the others are ina flourishing condition. Ballarat bag actually been supplying El Dorado with money, and employing the local population for the past twelvemonths, and this is the return. Thig is the gratitude of a lot of fifty pounds a-year seeking — but the ghost of Count Shucksen rises, and we proceed to the next reason. The board says, if leaseholders were made amenable to local courts of justice, there would be an end of shepherding. W-elh so say we, and so we have uniformly contended. Bnt what has that point to do with a reduction of lease rents ? As wdl might the Beechworth bakers say to their customers, if yon send your children to RflbVil in Afoltvinraa IsmaoiI cIiaII La > crown a loaf. The third objection is answered in our reply to the first, all but the "hifalutin" part, which but to quote is to refute. The fourth (and last) clause of this famous protest is the very acme of absurdity. It amounts to this, tiiat out of 40,727 acres applied for, only 400 were taken up. Was ever engineer so " hoist with his own petard 1" Had the rent been five shillings instead of a pound, the chances are immensely in favor of many thousands of acres having been taken up instead of a few hundreds. "Why, an " alarming sacri fice" slop-seller would tell that sapient "Mining Board that if he advertised 40,000 caps and bonnets at a shilling each instead of four shillings, lie would have a better chance of getting rid of his stock. Altogether, the Beechworth objections to a lease rent reduction are as frivolous as they are impertinent j so frivolous and impertinent indeed that the sooner the "Mining Board, institution is consigned to oblivion the better it will be for the mining interest. But for the broad views entertained by the Ballarat Mining Board, and the many excellent suggestions they have made to successive Governments we should long since have coincided with Mr Brough Smyth in his desire to sweep away an incumbrance and an anachronism. The Maryborough Mining Board, we sue informed by telegram, have also set their intelligent countenances against any reduc tion. Let us hope that such near neighbors have not been guilty of the felly of giving their reasons — even upon compulsion. We wish we had space for the whole of the Ovens Advertiser's logical article on the lease rent question. We must, however, content ourselves with quoting one of the most pertinent portions, ami with this leave the subject for the present. Our contemporary says - The assertion made that on Unl hpiannilar mrafaglease would simply benefit "shepherds" and the promoters of babble com panies is without warrant. For these classes a high rental has less terrors than for the bona fide company who intend working their lease. Bow many straggling progressive companies, which might now hare been paying concerns, have had to sneenmb in consequence of this exorbitant rental? It is the last straw that breaks the back of the camel, and the paying of £.300 or £400 per aonnm for permission to search for s lead he s brought many a promising concern to grief. In their antipathy to capital and great love for the bone and sinew of .the country — as they flatter ingly term the individual miner — the members of the mining board seem to forget that their pro teges are unable to take up and work ground other than the shallowest for the want of the necessary means and appliances. It is easy and simple to denounce the leasing of ground, bnt will the members of the Mining Board point ont by what other means capital be induced to take part in die risks attendant on mining: Not by the tenure 'of the bye-laws, for this has proved snch a source of litigation that capitalists have steadfastly set their faces arainst it. And with- out capital what prospect ti there of the resources ' ofthe colony being properly developed? It is quite certain that this working miners, in this dis trict at least, are unable for the task. The Mining Board admit this, when they adopt a reso lution asking the Government to grant pecuniary assistance for the purposes of prospecting. With the vast area of auriferous ground which, accord ing to the board, will be unrighteously usurped by lessees, so soon as the rent is reduced, what need is there of applying for assistaaceto pros pect for new goldfields. In another part of this paper will be fonod a rather lengthy acconnt of one of the most sensa tional tragedies that has ever been enacted in Ballarat. In a second edition, published shortly after the fearful occurrences that happened last Saturday, we set forth that at about half-past nine o'clock that morning Mr James Matthew Cook, of the firm of Cook Brothers, ironmongers, .Armstrong Btreet, entered the establishment of Mr William Uoss, also an ironmonger, residing in the same street, shot Mrs Moss dead, and imme diately afterwards blew bis own brains out with the remaining charge of a" donble-barreiled gun. At three o'clock in the afternoon an inqnest, of which a report will be fonnd else where, was held upon the bodies, and verdicts were returned to the effect, that Mrs Moss died from a gnn shot wound inflicted by Mr Cook, and tiiat the latter died by another gunshot wound inflicted by .himself— the jury having no evidence as to the state of ins mind- The immediate cause of death was in each case made exceedingly plain, but at the inqnest no light was thrown upon the reasons which indnced Mr Cook to commit two such shocking crimes as murder and suicide. In our extraordinary edition of last Saturday we gave some few of a number of rumors which were current, and in tins day's issue we republish them for what they are worth; as, so far, . they - have neither been substantiated nor disproved. After the -.inquest the remains of Mr Cook were removed to Messrs Cook Brothers' store, at the opposite side of the street, by Mr Atkins, under taker, and at twelve o'clock yesterday they were quietly conveyed from thence to the New Ceme tery, where something partaking of the nature of a burial service was most feelingly read by Mrs Cook, the sorrowing widow of the deceased. At half -past three o'clock the" same day toe remains of the late Mrs Moss were taken by Messrs Mor ris and Sleight from Mr "Moss's residence in Armstrong street to the New Cemetery, the cortege bring very numerously attended. A pro cession, composed of twelve of Mr Moss's appren tices, flanked by three of his workmen on either side, preceded the hearse, which was followed by eome eighteen or twenty private vehicles besides s nnmber of cabs. The interment took place in the Church of England portiqn of the cemetery, and the bnrialwrviee. wBS conducted by the Bev. J. Potter, of Christ Church. The road from the western boundary of Bal larat But to the eastern boundary of the borough at the termination of the Melbourne to Ballarat (sontb) main road, has been declared a mainjoad in- accordance with the Wfnd section of" the' Boroughs Statute of 1869. . The ordinance sif .briirvers' baptism was list : night administered in the Camp street Baptist Chapel by the Bev. S. Finklsteip , niter an impres- . rive discourse, whUhlwas listened to with deep attention. There was a crowded congregation. Four candidates were faimvraal, onebf whom was anagedfemsIe ?4y«riof age. _ "T the walkihg match, .in connection -frith the JfflBMoffBWfb&Sf; TntedaV, 'the name ofMr Lypll should appear, uhQ'tibt In the afetotediase. W"e refertothelistttfenteite giveninonrBaterasy's lame: Byall is qdlBrf«00-y«raB behind aerateh. Mr R. Don should have figured in the steeple chase as having ic yards start, At shoot half-past seven o'clock last Saturday night the bells of the. sister brigades rang ont lustily, and in a'fewtmnutes a large crowd had assembled in front of Mr Hoberts' photographic studio in Start street, where bright flames were seen issuing from the root The brigades were promptly in attendance, the Western being stationed in front, and the Eastern at the rear. By the time they arrived the fire bad completely gutted the studio, which was composed wholly of wood, and all that remained was to pre vent it from spreading -any further. This was speedily accomplished by the firemen, who worked with a will, and in a very little while ex tinguished the flames, leaving in place of a hand somely fitted studio, a mass of charred and half- consnmed timber. Though insurances amounting to £200 on Ihe dock and building bad been effected in the National, Mr Roberts sustains a heavy loss, almost the whole of his apparatus, furniture, and .fittings, having been destroyed. The most serious of the losses consist of a splendid enlarging apparatus which cost over £85, and several thousands of negatives, the precise Yalue of which it wonld be imDossible to estimate. The origin of this fire was exceedingly simple. A woman bad been engaged to wash out the studio by the light of a small glass kerosene lamp, which either exploded or was accidentally upset, and the flames .almost -instantaneously spread over the building, which was a wooden adjunct to the brick house which 'fronts Start street. Mr Harrison dentist, who lived in the same house, had his things much knocked abont while the fire was being extinguished, but the inconvenience, we believe, is all he has to complain of. In accordance with a resolution passed at a meeting of the Western Railway Extension league, held in the Prince's room, Alfred Hall, in this town cm the 11th instant, an active csnvass is now bring made for the purpose of obtaining fends to' promote' the object which the league has in view, viz.;— That the extension to the West shall be from Ballarat. We understand that the residents on the line of ihe proposed route hence 1 to Ararat will shortly be called npon aod invited to give their aid to the project. Another instance has been afforded of the demoralising influence exerted by the Chinese. Sergeant Lamer while making a tour through the Chinese camp yesterday, came across a girl named Jane White, sixteen years of age, who was lying in a honk amongst several ugly mongolians. A short time back the girl's father was stabbedby a Chinaman, and she was a witness in the case, which resnlted in the conviction of the prisoner. The mother and father are at the present time living at Golden Point, and it may reasonably be concluded, know something of their daughter's actions. She was taken to the Eastern leek up, where she was charged as a vagrant, and will be brought before the court this morning: At the District Police Court last Saturday Kennedy Sienna, the man referred to in our last issue as having flung a knife at his wife and child, was brought up charged with wounding with intent." As Mrs Senna did not wish to press the charge the prisoner was let off with s caution, which we hope he will remember for some time to come. At s meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Agricultural Society, held on Saturday, Mr A. Fiiken was unanimously elected president, a pro forma ballot being gone through in order to com ply with the role, because Mr Bath had been nominated. This gentleman refused the pre sidency, but retains that of treasurer. The other principal business was the firing prizes, time, date, and other details for the forthcoming ploughing match. A fall report of which we give in oar columns. A man named Thomas Mackin has been ar rested on a charge, of being concerned in the bur glary committed a few days ago at the store of James Hall, in Peel street north. It seems that Mackin himself admitted to having been present with bis cart, and drivine away the stolen pro perty, so that it is probable some cine will now be obtained to the other burglars. Although the silly season is over, and snake stories and monster mushrooms are out of date, we most find . a corner for an immense oyster, found on Friday, at Flat Island, near Qneenseliff. The bivalve was measured in our presence by tbe purchaser, Mr Louis, the well known piano- tuner. Its dimensions were 8 inches across, and 23 inches ronnd, and the weight, we were informed, was 3 lb 51 oz A feed for the Sing of the Cannibal Islands, one would think, hot it certainly was not suitable for the Scandinavian Btomsch, beirg a Itetle too strong for deglutition, although "greatly daring," Mr Lcnis made a vigorous attempt at an ounce or so of the corpulent mollusc. The shells may be 6een at the Earl of Zetland hotel. John Scbalmer, a native of Prussia, was brought to the hospital yesterday Buffering from \- -r- — csussa v7.u accident wbicn happened to him on the previous day. It appears that as he was working, at Clarke's sawmills, Buogaree, a piece of timber was forcibly pressed into his groin. Another esse of sudden. death at Geelong oc curred on Saturday morning. A journeyman tailor, named John Scott, in the employ of Bnrke Brothers, working st his own residence until half- past two o'clock, was found dead at half-past eight. The inquest will doubtless reveal the cause of death. Information reached Geelong on Saturday morning of the all bat certain death by drowning of two fishermen, residents of Jan Jnc, named Charles Einsporn and Godfried Forster, who went out in a boat on the previous Tuesday, cray fishing. On Friday evening their boat was found by B. Gahan and V. Matthews, fishermen, high and dry on the beach, near the month of the Swampy Creek, in die vicinity of the wreck of the "Victoria Tower.' The mast and paddles were found not far distant. It is supposed that the boat capsized in the endeavor to beach her through tbe surf from a strong easterly wind, thfli fh maaf <mt hrnVnn hv otpS(st«t« 4La bottom. We have received from a sympathlser'fire ihB- Ungs in aid of the Btee family. The adjourned special general meeting of mem bers of the Mechanics'' Institute, Sebastopol, was held on Friday evening, at right o'clock, the object being to disease the advisability or other wise of increasing the subscription fee. Fifteen members were in attendance: Tbe president stated that tbe institute was rapidly drifting into a state of insolvency, the revenue bring greatly under the expenditure, consequently something must be done. He would recommend, as one means of increasing tbe funds, that tbe subscrip tion fee be doubled. Mr A. Alichine proposed— " That tiie subscription fee be increased from ten shillings to one pound per annum, to commence next quarter, viz., 1st August." Mr Martin seconded. Mr Wilson moved as an amendment, and Mr Nichols seconded — "That tbe subscrip tion fee remain as it is." On a Ehow of hands beiog taken the president declared the original motion to be carried by a majority of one, his casting vote. It was suggested that should tbe committee get sufficient encouragement by an increase of members daring tbe current quarter tbey may dispense with the increase of the sub scription fee. The Revs M'Cutcheon and Wilson were both of opinion that the most advisable coarse wonld be to make a free library of the in stitute. Most of the members present coincided, and the secretary was requested to m.lra en quiries sis to the advantages derivable from that course of action, and report at an early date. The meeting then closed. . - Says the Argus:— The birthday parade of the military in garrison and the local forces— the official designation of our volunteers— is this year to be a smart affair. The troops present will con sist of a detachment at the 2-lSth Royal Irish Regiment, now in garrison, with whom the Mel bourne, suburban, and country corps will parade. A.large master is expected. The parade will be held in Albert Park, better known as St. SSlda Park, where it was held last year, and the various corps will form np in the following order: — Volunteer cavalry, a battery of .volunteer artil lery, a detachment (about ibO men) of the 2-18th Royal Irish, Jbenaval brigade, volunteer artillery aeting as infantry, tbe metropolitan and suburban district rifle corps," aod the country rifle dorps.' A detachment of artillery will be detailed to fire a royal salute from tbe Prince's Bridge battery, and an escort of cavalry will .be detailed for hit Excellency. The cavalry will consist of the me tropolitan, troop, of the Prince of Wales Light Home and half the Ballarat troop of the same, corps. Tbe other cavalry corps will parade dis mounted. Of the up-country corps, none but the Ballarat cavalry will be allowed to come to Mel bourne on Monday, bat the -others will all be Tnonght-fnto town by early -trains on Tuesday. We believe that itfajntended-by the authorities that, after the formal parade, a few battalion manmavres shall be executed. ' \- The much-vaunted deodorising .mineral from Swampy Creek, tried at : Geelong last week on spate Toy stinking patenti,- turns put, according to good judges in sneh matters, tube .a," .rank " failure. "... ' ;"2 Gunner Andrew Lillie, of the Emerald .Hill corps, who Btraok-Major Jlrone just afterparade, baa, been formally discharged from the Volunteer, fence tor jcondnct insubordinate, outrageous, and ! subversive of military discipline." Several of the officers of the Russian corvette - Bszzarin, it is stated, have femained in South Australia far " statistical pnrposea." The corvette., proceeded directto Japan - ; cf- 1:, The Overs Spectator is iotormiS on reliable authority thai' m -''grekter 1 Quantity of ground about Htesham has been :aown withl wheat and. other ,-jgraifi,itklB,«snh than .In Auy previous year, and that the newly sown crops look well fees they hare appeared above the ground. Mr W. D. C. Deno-ren received on Friday night from the members of the Loyal Liberal Associa tion, of which be was one of the principal foun ders, a jnst and graceful recognition of the esteem and respect in which be is held by them, in the shape of a presentation of a chain, locket, and seal, and a complimentary entertainment at which nearly all ihe principal Liberals of tbe district were present, including the Minister of Mines, Mr. Casey, MT. A , and Mr Bnrrowes, M.L.A. Tbe many warm eulogies (remarks the Bendigo Advertiser ) passed by tbe different speakers upon Mr Donovan must have been peculiarly gratify ing to that gentleman, and some reward to him for tbe long and faithful services he bss rendered to this district — services of tbe most disinterested acd patriotic kind. To him indeed in a great measure is owing the building gp of one of the strongest political associations in the colonjr, which has always been forward in the Liberal cause, and bss vigilantly watched the attempts of the enemies of democracy to trench .upon the liberties of the people. He has been its life; to bim is due in a great measure the vigor of its actions. The meeting was characterised by the warmest good feeling and cordiality ana every thing passed off most happily. Ah Pew, convicted of the Glenlace murder, will be executed at Gsstiemaine to- day. There is to he no birthday ball this year. We understand, says the JT"elegrapht that his Excel lency the Governor applied to the trustees of the Public Library and Museum for tbe use of the Exhibition-building, for' the purposes of a ball, bnt was unable to obtain it, owing to the hall bring lumbered up with cases and exhibits. The accommodation at Toorak is not sufficient for the occasion, and the consequence is that the vice regal festivity in honor of. tbe Sovereign's birth day will be limited to a dinner, to which the principal officials and members of the Legislature will be invited. Tbe estimated population of tbe colony on the 31st March was — Males, 401,316; females, 314,284; total, 715,600. The increase during the quarter was 5316 persons. Tom Thumb and snite terminated their season st tbe Mechanics' Institute on Saturday night, tbe attendance being large. The programme was tbe same as that performed daring the week, and was snnnorted with anite the usnai snirit. The commodore's comic singing is nsnaily most en joyed by the audience, and on Sstardsy night be seemed to be fnnnier than ever, and perhaps a little broader in the part be takes in the farce. Mrs Stratton's singing met with the customary amount of favor, while Miss Minnie's comparison with tbe array of little boys and girls, -and subse quent all ronnd kissing, afforded a good deal of amusement. The company will, we believe, hold one of their levees in the Alfred Hall on the Queen's birthday. Mr Coleman Jacobs is about to form ringing classes on a large scale, and to successfully cany ont his project offers fair encouragement in the shape of an undeniably low fee, viz., five shillings per quarter to adults for weekly lessons. The first classes will be held next Wednesday evening, at the Alfred Hall, when ladies are requested to attend at half-past seven, and gentlemen at half- past eight. It is intended by Mr Jacobs to give half-yearly public concerts. Bachelder's celebrated panorama of the Ameri can war will reopen for exhibition in tbe Mechanics' Institute this evening. We under stand that Mr Bachelder, after having amassed a large fortune by tbe exhibition of this panorama, sold it to Mr Rayner, who is now, therefore, ex hibiting it for a third time in thiB colony. Having so often bad occasion to write in complimentary terms of thiB pictorial production there is no need for us to say more to recommend it again to public favor, than that since it was last here it has undergone considerable renovation, and that a few fresh incidents have been incorporated with it, which have made it more complete than it was before. . ... Mr W. C. Smith's large sale of forms, town, snhurban, and conn try allotments, will commence to-day, at one o'clock, at Craig's hotel. The schedule will be found published in our advertis ing columns. Some well known and central sites in Ballarat West are included in tbe list. ' 