. ITEMS OF NEWS. The chief and most exciting topic of news by tlie mail is, that Europe is again en gaged in war. It has long been known that an ill-feeling has existed between Franco and Prussia. As France did riot get her wish in the war between Germany and Denmark, the ancient enmity of that country against Prussia had new impulse given to it, and this has been rankling and. smouldering, notwithstanding all the. pretences of the Emperor's desire for peace and conciliation. Napoleon has been true to his hereditary instincts ; the model of the First Napoleon in liis treat ment of Prussia lias been his constant study ; and, amid all his external show of peace, has been secretly making prepara tions to have a blow at Prussia, on tlie first favourable opportunity. But this im perial scheming has been well understood, and probably Jjover-matched, in the diplo matic scheming of Prussia ; and now, the two countries, in a high state of prepara- +iaw Prv»» w«iv linvn "Unrmn ciKvi-fin ocj U4VJJ. DUH1V JUGI, HO if they had counted before hand that a contest must come. We regard the alleged cause of the war as a mere pretext. France lias asserted that the nomination of a Prince of the. House of Prussia for the vacant throne of Spain, is the cause of the war, but this is really an excuse ; still the Emperor thinks that the excuse will serve as a good Avar cry,, to raise the fervour of the French na tion, to check and curb the advancing pride of their haughty neighbour. Prussia has denied that die nomination was tlie act of the nation, and yet, although Eng land proposed that she should formally and officially, renounce the candidature; in or der to 'satisfy France, .'and probably stop the Avar, she has peremptorily refused. It is thus, then, that two clever, ambitious and . unprincipled men have met each other, and the peace of Europe, and the lives of thousands of men, and the comforts of thousands of AS'ornen aud children, are counted as nothing. It is said that the sympathies of England are along Avitli Prussia; .yet both parties in the House stand aloof from anyexpresr sion of opinion. Gladstone declares for neutrality, but Disraeli advises ah armed neutrality. The House lias passed strict measures, to enforce the neutrality.. 'Men are forbidden to enlist to assist either belli- gerent ; biiicers are forbidden to compro- mise themselves ; and the export of even coals for either belligerent is officially pro- hibitecf. While this may be necessary at the present stage, as Avell as the building of ships, and the export of Avar material, it Avill inflict on England, a very large sa- . . orifice, as the export of coals is annually - a very large' item in the national industry. Although the two belligerents have promised. to respect, the neutrality of Bel- \- giuin and Holland, every step of the Avar Avill'-tend to; compromise the interests of these countries ; and, then, as England is pledgee! to the interests of Belgium, the prospect' is clear that England will be in- volved before a-ory long, if the Avar should assume the terrible dimensions Avhich both France and Prussia seem to contemplate. Because of. this prospect both the navy and army ai'e to receive additions, and poAvar lias beengiA'en to the GoA'erhment to call Parliament together at a Aveek's notice. Tlie arrival of the troops Avliich have been aa'itlidraAvn from these colonies Avill just be in time. Poor John Bright will hoav be at his Avits end ! His quaker notions Avill not suit such circumstances as these Avhich haA'e suddenly arisen. Peace, no doubt is a'ory desirable, and is undoubted ly good, and, although a time Avill come Avhon peace Avill prevail ; yet Avliilst there are rogues in the world, and men, Avhose life and amusement are to shuffle king doms, there Avill bo need for ships and- arms, und soldiers to keep off tho enemy, and to protect the lives and interests of peaceful countries. When such Avars arise even a quaker should pray — may God de fend the right ! The French troops, Avhich haA'e so long been the material and carnal help of the "Holy Father, on his tottering throne, are being AvithdniAvn. These troops sur rounded the Vatican Avliilo the Council sat Avitli closed doors, and, under an oath of secrecy, received, as Avas blasphemously pretended, inspirations from the Holy Ghost concerning the faith the morals, and the government of the . clmrch, and tho personal infallibility of the Pope; and,. Avith their bayonets kept at a distance any l'oe of the church, or any heretic, avIio might dare to approach to hear the sound of the " lively oracles." IIow many, tears the Pope, now infallible, lias shed at the with drawal of the servants avIio haA'e maintain ed his throne for some years past, Ave do not kno\y ; but Ave fancy, as the remem brance of Gaeta came back into mind, and the old footman's di ess, in Avhich he once escaped, now greatly moth eaten, rose up into view, his soul became troubled and melted Avithin liim, notwithstanding his recent ussumptioimof divinity. But since the. French eagles liaA'e taken their flight homewards, and the Pope has been left in the hands of his people, it Avill be for the Romans to consider Avhat they are to do. The national party is not extinct; there are still remnants of that noble and cour ageous party Avbo once gaA-e to the Avorld an instance of braA'eiy never excelled, and under Avliom Rome almost instantly rose to at least a " firstling" of lier ancient glory. We do not know Iioav that party may be reoi'gauized, and the remnants gathered ; but Ave are quite sure that their object is the same, and their aspirations the same, and that they never can be satis fied uutil Home be again the capital of AiiAi-ffj/l Tiolri" W /.» fir iaaI !« avoAving' our sympathy with that party, and from Avishing them success in their rising, Avhen the time shall come for sweep ing the rottenness of tlie long-lived and hoary apostacy into the Tiber. It appears that the Italian Government have guaranteed to respect the frontier of the Papal States ! Wo hope that Govern ment Avill so respect it as to leaA'e the question for decision to the people. We cannot believe that the Italian GoA'ern- ment aa'ill p, lay the outrageous part of the French in prohibiting the Romans from as serting their liberty. Will the Italians send them troops to expel Gauabaldi and his heroic bands, should they enter it at the Avelcome of the Roman people, giA'iug the Infallible Father, and 'his corrupt court notice to quit ? Probably so ; : but Avill the Italian soldiers so far forget themseh'es as to fire upon their compatriots, Avhose high object is the unity and glory of the Italian Kingdom? . The Austrian nation has cut the " Holy Father" from his moorings, so far as 'the help of that -power, is concerned, in the offi- cial notification to Rome, that the concordat has ceased, in consequence of the promul gation of the " dogma of Infallibility." It Avas a base agreement, haA'ing in view. the spiritual and moral enslavement of the Aus- tiians for rill timo'. coining. It Avas a col- : lar of priestly chains round tlie necks of that people, by. which the Pope hoped to be '.secure from all trouble ; but ib is iioav broken to shivers, ; and ciist into the dung heap. The Austrians are. right in the view aa'hicli they haa'e taken. They made a concordat with one -whom. they took for a oadiriary mortal like themselves ; it Avas a concordat betAveon equals ; . but now that they know, that the concordats are not equals, but that one is an Infallible," av bo claims to be " King of Kings and Lord of Lords," and to be so far above all human law,, that no laws or oaths of men can bind him," they have instantly de clared that the concordat is at an end, and that Avitli such a " monster," or Avitli such a " diA'inity" they Avill have no agreement. This is "rather 'a' cutting ansAver to the Pope and his Josuite friends, who have made liitn infallible. Not only Avill tho. Austrians not acknoAvlodgo the dogma, but they Avill be on no terms of unity and amity Avith one who claims, either truly or falsely, so high a dignity- 1 On the 13th of July, 1S70 the cup of tho iniquity of 'Rome became full, for on that day the 'dogma of Infallibility Avas foimally voted. Four hundred and fifty ayes assumed to be the voice of the Holy Ghost, in declaring Pope Pius IX., and all his predecessors, personally infallible ! Eiglity-oight voices ansAvered " no." That no" has reverberated to the ends of tho earth, and up to Heaven, and before long the proof Avill be manifest that the " no" is tho truth. On St. Peter's day the dog ma Avas to be formally promulgated. The great day came, the deed Avas done, and Avliat, we may ask is the Avorld the better? Such a deed as this, if true, ought to make a great difference in the " Catholic Avorld" inNeAV SouthWalcs. Tho ad a'antage ought to have appeared already, even before the arrival of tho mail. By the spiritual agency of saints and angels, Avhom the Romanists Avorsliip, tho. utter ance of tho Holy Ghost, in St. Peter's at Rome, on St. Peter's day, ought instantly to have been reported at Sydney, and in all the Avorld, convincing heretics, and sending confusioD into Protestant Stand ards, raising St. Mary Cathedrals a"ithout the expenditure of money and labour, and giving Romanism such demonstration before tlie public as that everybody Avould Iioav their knee to Archbishop Polding ! No such thing — the whole thing is a farce and a lie of Satan ! ! ' We haA'C a fine example of the Romish faith, as believed and practiced in the highest quarters of the church, in tho on- jonuous Avealth of Cardinal Antonelli. One of the virtues of the Romish Church is "poA'erty." . Ono of the counsels of perfection is to renounce the Avorld's goods to the church, and live in poA'erty. If this " virtue" had any virtue in it — if it Avcve really believed in by those avIio teach it — if it Avere not intended to apply only to such blockheads as the Marquis of Bute, avIio can give to the church a million of money, and to sentimental youngv ladies, avIio Avish to take the retreat of a Convent —surely such high and holy gentlemen as cardinals Avould wish to have the glory of such virtue, and Avould illustrate its Avortli iu humble houses, small bank accounts, and no fortunes. But the case is exactly the opposite. . While poor Romish girls, find half famished Romish families, in J.LtflU-UU. ituu OLL13 J CU.U UlltJll. Peter's pence to the " poor Fisherman" at Rome, the Pope himself and his cardinals are rolling in luxury of every description. The cardinals have the most splendid man sions, the best horses, aud the richest livery, the most gorgeous displays, the richest tables, and the most delicate vi ands ! Not only this, but their bank ac count is represented by millions ! So much so that. Cardinal Antonelli, some of Avhose Avealth is said to be. secured against all possible exigencies, in some English funds, gave, on the occasion of the marriage of his nephew, the small pre sent of .£200,000 ! This is Popish pover ty ! The meaning of Avliich is — poverty among the people ' bub riches among . the clergy ! Would this Romish grandej send £200,000 to the starving clod-hoppers of Ireland? Not lie : but by the publica tion of some spiritual indulgence lie would compel those clod- hoppers to pay their last penny to support the grandeur and lux ury of the church ! It Avill surprise nobody that the Fenians are overjoyed at the breaking out of tlio war. More joyed still Avould they be if England Avere involved. They are still longing for " England's extremity." Long ago they have avowed that they will Avait for that "opportunity." In their excite ment they haAr'o held a meeting at Dublin to express their sympathy and love for France. But this is only a part of their programme, and the part Avhich is intend ed to meet the public eye. There is ano ther part Avliich is under seal. Is it likely that they Avill propose an arrangemen t to help France, if France Avill help their Re public in return ?. Capital thought. Were we near Gladstone Ave .should suggest an alteration in the Enlistment Bill, to en able the Fenians to set out for France, but Avitli this as the secret purpose, to pro hibit their return Avlieu once they had gone. , Their absence Avould bo a positive benefit, to Ireland. But, present or ab sent, we luwe no doubt that short Avork will be made. Avitli them should their mur derous sympathies make a development in overt acts. The opportunity Avliich they long for Avill never come ; for England Avill never he reduced to such extremities as to be unable to crush such A'illanous Avretclies and all avIio are secretly aiding and abet ting them. 