COUNTRY NEWS. "A little boy's definition of punishment for telling lies, when asked about the nature of an oath at the Ballarat East Police Court, on Monday, proved very amusing. All he knew," says the Star, "about 'a future state of re- wards and punishments' seemed to be that if he told a lie he would get ' hammered.' His evidence was rejected." A suicide took place at Percydale, near Avoca, a few days ago, when Thomas Shiels English, late member for Avoca division in the Maryborough Mining Board, put an end to his life by drowning himself in a water dam. After his death the following letter was found, addressed to his mate:—"My dear Jock,—If I am not at home in the morn- ing you need not expect to see me alive ; I know I have lost the respect of all my old friends, so that I am not worthy to live ; you will find me in Clapperton's dam ; I shall bid you good-bye, and God bless you, and may you never feel as I do this day.—Yours truly, T. S. ENGLISH. P.S —Do you claim my dress- ing-case and clothes, as I would rather you had them than anyone else." The Ballarat Star relates :—" The body of a man about 30 years of age was found at the Anakies on Monday morning, about 400 or 500 yards from Troy's store, and near the watertrack, under such circumstances as to give rise to the suspicion that a murder has been committed. When found, the body was with its face downwards, a slight mark on the forehead, and the throat cut from ear to ear. No weapon was found near. The name of the deceased is unknown, but it appears that on Friday night he asked two men en- gaged on the waterworks to give him a night's lodging. His request was complied with, and he then went out with only his drawers and shirt on, and was not seen again till Monday morning." A correspondent writes to the Mount Gam- bier Standard to reassure people as to the pro- bability of a volcanic outbreak at Mount Schanck. He wishes to point out that the natural conditions of earth and water have varied so greatly since the volcanic era, that the first indication of volcanic outbreak would not make its existence visible by a tall column of smoke rising from either of its former seats of activity. The first indication of its pre- sence would be felt or seen through the more sensitive medium of the subterranean waters. Further, it appears that the fracture of the lower strata of the earth's crust extended southward of Mount Gambier and northward of Mount Schanck, indicating their origin from a common centre. And this again affords good reasons for believing that the actual focus was to the eastward of this line, and probably any indications of renewed activity would bo first observable in the same direction. The Braidwood Liberal gives the following account of the recent case of attempted assassination in that district:—"On Wed- nesday evening as Mr. Weber, district super- intendent of roads, was returning from Nel- ligen, while coming up the mountain at a necessarily slow pace, on reaching within about four chains of the top his horse exhi- bited a disposition not to advance, frequently shying from some object only perceptible to himself, it being then dark. The rowels being vigorously applied, a rapidity of motion not calculated on by the would-be assassin was produced, and in all probability saved the in- tended victim. Simultaneously a shot was fired, the horse making a sudden jerk. Mr. Weber's hat fell off, but whether from the effects of the blow from the slug or the action of the horse it is difficult to say. While re- covering the hat Mr. Weber heard such a movement in the scrub immediately above him as to leave no doubt as to his close proximity to a deadly foe. The hat exhibits marks of its having been in contact with the ground, and on the opposite side is the un mistakeable evidence of a slug having entered into and torn a portion of the top edge." A correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser makes the following remarks about our forest trees :—" Every one resident upon the gold- fields knows that when the trees are felled a young growth in almost every case very soon springs up from the base of the trunk, and with amazing rapidity, if not interfered with, forms absolute jungle, so great is the force of the vegetation developed in the new channel. Now, no one who has paid any at- tention to the subject can have any hesitation in believing that the exercise of a little care and supervision would soon recover the ground with forest trees of a character much superior to the old ones, which, as a rule, are useless through age for anything excepting fire- wood, and judging from what we can see around us a period of 30 years would be sufficient for the growth of more solid timber than has been cut down. But for this end it is abso- lutely necessary that protection should be ex- tended to the young growth, and it appears monstrous that such has not long ere this been afforded, and that the reckless cutting down some of the young trees should have so long been permitted ; but as it is, whole sale destruction is the rule wherever a group of saplings can be conveniently destroyed. What is wanted is the enforcement of exist- ing laws regulating the cutting of timber, and the appointment of a staff of men whose duty it would be to act as foresters and trim the brushwood so as the sooner to cause it to grow into shapely trees. Give us that, and there will soon be little ground for complaint that our forests are disappearing." " It is fortunate for society," says the Wagga Wagga Express, "that the young scoundrel Dunn, who was so speedily captured by Mr. Johnson and others at Junee, after endeavouring to obtain a revolver to enable him to take to the roads, has, for five years at least, by the sentence of Judge Francis, been depried of all opportunity of doing further harm. His Honour, in passing sen- tence upon Dunn, read him a severe lecture, which elicited from him nothing more than the defiant remark that when next he came into court it would be to receive something more than a sentence of five years' im- prisonment. He is about as ill-looking a specimen of a young bush ruffian as we ever remember to have seen, and it is to be hoped that before he is again turned loose upon society a little of the devil in his nature will have been taken out of him. His Honour, in warmly complimenting Mr. Johnson upon the spirit he had shown in effecting his capture when he found out his real character, said that some men in his position would have given up their pistols when demanded, and many others, though they might have refused to surrender their arms, instead of acting with the promptitude and energy that Mr. John- son had exhibited, would have said nothing about the demand made upon them from the fear of after consequences to themselves. Mr. Johnson, his Honour conceived, had acted with singular courage and determination, and was fairly entitled to the thanks of the com- munity, for his conduct in the capture." "It is so very seldom," remarks the Colac Observer, "that a man dies and comes to life again, that when a startling fact similar to this does occur it is generally worth chroni- cling. A man named Samuel Talbot, a labourer residing in Colac, becoming sud- denly indisposed, the services of Dr. Rae were called in, and after the usual medical inspec- tion the man was ordered to bed, and the doctor departed to obtain the necessary re- medies. While away a message was sent to him that Talbot had suddenly shuffled off this mortal coil, and believing the statement to be true, though somewhat surprised, he drew out the necessary certificate, stating the cause of death. The friends of the supposed dead man immediately took the necessary steps for the funeral, the undertaker and the registrar of deaths having been informed of the mournful event, and no doubt chuckling at the thought that business in their line was looking up. In the house where Talbot was laid ' straight out upon his bed' was gathered a number of women, and mourning and lamentation could be heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be comforted, when, lo ! Talbot opened his eyes, and stared around him with marvellous surprise at the scene which was being enacted in his house. Of course, the women screamed and covered their faces, forming all manner of thoughts about ghosts, and it was afterwards found that Talbot had merely swooned away, and had been in a sort of trance for a number of hours. The undertaker was compelled to desist making the coffin, the registrar de- stroyed his certificate, and the doctor in- dulged himself with a hearty good laugh. The joy of the friends can, of course, be better imagined than described." M. CHAPPERON, Italian consul at Buenos Ayres, was stabbed with a poniard while passing along one of the most frequented streets of Buenos Ayres in the evening, and to the weapon was attached a paper, on which was written :—" The punishment of those who dishonour Italy." Before expiring, M. Chapperon said that he had been murdered to prevent revelations feared from him. He is also stated to have designated a Brazilian of rank as the author of the crime. THE Paris Cosmos says that the Russian Government has resolved to establish an astronomical and meteorological observatory on Mount Ararat, situated near Tiflis, in consequence of the excellent report given by Dr. Piazzi Smith of the fitness of such high situations, derived from his experience on the Peak of Teneriffe. 