OUR SUMM43QT. Tms Burdelrin Birer.at, Bowen; Queensland, is flooded, andahe surrounding' country is under water. Thirty ;one chains of telegraph wire are dow^i The <Husenfrjin<the river isjfeorful. No such floods have. ever becn «xpSi?oiiced in the district sinpc .first it was settled. "' ':' "i a3if inqtiiiy intoTtir. ThomaS Taylo^s insolvency is proceeding ait Melbourne. Hisdefalcations of- trust moneyamount-to £600. ^He^'fl,, .sou ofthat r /Baptistiuiiiuster ial^^ WMi'somuch'scah^ai.y^ or^o^go. - ^Mr. Cuswoi^> a; stepson_of J)x. Bragg, of Hawthorn, Victoria/has comtnitted isuicide by taking prussic acid. ~r , . -A woman named Susan Egan has been found dead in the Yarra ait Melbourne!, It is suppoSed . she was murdered, and a journeyman butcher named Edwards has been arrested on.suspicion. Power, the Victorian bushranger, has been a constable on the Beeehworthroad. The directors of the Commercial Bank of Victoria have resolved to prosecute Draper on another charge of fraud. ' . Intelligence from New .Zealand reports the defeat of Tc Kooti at Ohuremutu; sixteen of his men were killed, and others were wounded. Tho rebels are at last effectually hemmed in. • The Board of Agriculture at Melbourne have agreed to give £200 to be distributed in prizes at the forthcoming Intercolonial Wine Show. A meeting of the inhabitants of Scone was held the week before last at that place, on the occasion of the departure of. the Rev. Canon : Child from the district. The Avoea took away last trip gold and specie to the value of half-a-milhon, sterling. A letter from the Tasmaniau Government has • been laid on the table of the Victorian House of Assembly inviting a Conference of the Australian and New Zealand colonies on the subject of customs' union. There .has been an extensive seizure of indecent photographs, lately imported into Victoria. Perkins has been found guilty of murder at Hobart Town, and has been sentenced to death. Twp of the rioters,who attacked the Treasury at Adelaide, have been bound over to keep tho peace for six months; the ringleaders, however, will be tried by a higher court. The South Australian Parliament is dissolved. A movement has lately been made for tho erection of a monument to the memory of tho late William Boss, ex-moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. A murderous assault has boen committed at Bathurst on an old shepherd named Absalom Hewitt, who was dragged from his horse bytwo men and all but killed. The dead body of a newly, born infant was found in Sydney harbor recently. The Government have offered a reward of £100 for the discovery of the murderers of Margaret Boycc. Mr. Arthur Lyster and Mr. Beaumont arrived from California last week. They havo joined the opera company in Melbourne. The committee enrolled for the . purpose cif raising funds for a testimonial to the Hon. John Bobertson are confident of raising an amount something like £20,000. Hilliard, the ex- collector of Customs at Gladstone, Queensland, has been convicted of embezzling public monies, and has been sentenced to three years' imprisonment. The man Prendergast has been placed upon his trial for the-New Farm murder at Brisbauo. The counsel for the defence wishes to establish a case of manslaughter. There havo been great rains in Queensland. Latest news reports the rivers still rising about Bockhampton. More than 7,000 sheep havo been drowned on the Wolfong station. Several veiy rich reefs have been struck at Mount Wheeler, Queensland. Some cowardly miscreant altered the points on the railway line at Newcastle recently; as a consequence one of the engines was damaged, \- and the driver and stoker only escaped with their lives by jumping from the locomotive. A bottle containing seven hundred difflnonds has been deposited in the N.S.W. Bank at Mudgee. Mr. Parkes has moved for a new trial of the late libel case of Murray v. Parkes. A large number of passengers have left litis colony for California. Mr. Salamons, the Solicitor-General, is a candidate for the Northern Gold Fields. The Peel River is flooded, and the town of Tamworth is partially under water. The financial debate closed at ono o'clock on the 4th inst. The amendment was negatived, the Government having 16 majority. A Melbourne tobacconist has been fined £25 for selling inferior tobacco in Cameron's brand. Fresh tracks have been found near Capo Otway supposed to be those of some survivors from the Maria Gnbriclle. Mr. O'Sullivan, a teacher in the Soman Catholic orphan school at Parramatta, has been charged before the Bench of Magistrates with assault, in that ho exceeded his duty by punishing tho children under his charge with undue severity. The case was dismissed, but another summons has been served on defendant, which it is said will be supported by stronger evidence. The Argyle Agricultural Society have received the promise of several splendid special prizes for their forthcoming exhibition. The supposed bushranger, Thunderbolt, captured by the Queensland police, turns out to bo some miserable impostor, who devised this plan to secure for himself a free passage to Sydney. Five men in the Great Northern Junction Company, Ballarat, have been arrested on a charge of stealing gold. Tho company belicvo they have been robbed to tho extent of about 500 ozs. Six other men were also to be approhended. Last Antnmn George Francis Train attended tho Jockey Club races at Jerome Park (N.Y.) and betted very frcoly, but always, as it hapened, on tho losing horse. The last day, Eaving wagered heavily on the favorite, he again lost, and supremely disgusted, took out bis pocket-book while on tho members' stand and sang out, " I'll bet five to ono I'm the biggett fool in tho city or county of Now York." i^Af ter repeating the challenge several times, a taan standing in the course immediately below looked up, and, with .his portemonnaie in bis hand, said " llalloo, stranger, I'll take that bet, provided your name ain't George Francis Trtun. Good News foe Long-winded Debtobs.—A tradesman in Singleton announced last month that the accounts of all parties indebted to him, which were not paid by the 29th of February next, would bo placed in the hands of his solicitor for rccoveiy. Good news this for some of those people who are troubled with indifferent memories in matters financial, as the 29th day of February next will not moke its appearanco until the year of grace, 1872. Tbo ghost of a woman killed on an Illinois railroad is suid to huuut tbc sceuc of the casualty, and the accessories of a snoctrol train and locomotive ore not wanting. If it would haunt eomo of tha dirootons tho effoot would bo liucr. 