OPENING OF TIIE ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. Tlio (Ecumenical Council was opened on December 8\. Amid tho ringing of the bells of nil the occlc- siasticnl odiflecs in tho city and salvoes of artillery from tho Ciwllu of Snn Angclo aml Mount Aveiilino, tho procossiuti formed in the Upper Atrium of llio Vatican, uccnntlcil the Srcila Kuogia, and passc(|_ through— thu-Tiowcr— Atrium- into- thoCatlie3rul. Regular ami Secular elorgy woro ranged ou oitlier aide, and the procession consisted of six Archbishop- Princes, 49 cardinals, 11 Patriarchs, 680 Archbishops and bislions, 2H Abbots and 29 Generals of religious orders. In nil about 600 ecclesiastics preceded tho 1'opo, who waa carried into tlio cathedral in the gesta- tonal chair, ilis Holiness first knelt some time before the Hacmmcnt, and tlio assembly then took their places in llio Council-hall in seven rows.' After mass had been chanted by Curdinal Putrizi, tlio Archbishop of Iconium pronounced tho inaugural discourse. The Pope, wno appeared uTTjo in the onjoymont of excellent health, than gave his benedic tion, tho cnroinony being corriod out in oxnet . accor dance with the Htato programme. The Tribunes of tho Council ball wcro occupied by the sovereigns and princes prosent in Rome, tho mombcrs of tho jjlflomaticJMu.y,JRoncraU-DuniontratKl-KatislerrAnd- tlio Roman anu foroign nobility. The Council-hall prosontcd a most splondid and imposing appearance. Aftor giving tho benediction tlio Popo rcccivcd the homage of tho members of the Council. The ap pointed prayers followed, nnd tlio Popo tlirco times invoked tho aid of tho Holy Ghost for tho Council. A hymn to tho Holy Ghost being sung by the choristers. Porsons not members of tho assembly thon quitted tbo hall. Tlio Prelates approved tho decree opening tho Council, the To Doum followed, nnd tho corcinony terminated. Tho Empress of Austria was present in tho gallery sot apart for foroign Sororoigns. Tho weather was very bad. On December 2 tho Popo read to tho mombcrs assembled a short homily, in which lie said that it lmd given liim groat plcnsuro to inaugurate tho Council on tho appointed day, and to see tho BisliopB assembled in greater numbers than ovor. Tlicy had como to teach all men tho voico of God, and to judgo with the Popo under tho auspices of tho Holy Spirit on tho errors of human science. The Church was stronger than lieavon itself ; and now was tho timc to consider what remedies wero officaeious ngainst tho proeont ovils. The Bishops should strive with torn to secure pcacefulness in the monasteries, order in the Church, nnd discipline among the clergy. In conclusion, ho invoked the Holy 8pirit, tho Virgin and the Holy Angola. Tho fourth sitting of the General Congrega tion wns to bo hold on Decombor 28. After the olcction of tho committee appointed to consider the questions relating -to - religious-orders, the assembly will probably enter upon tho discussion of certain proposals regarding dogmas of faith. Duelling to among tho subjects announced for discussion by the (Ecumenical Council. Tho debate will bo opened by tho Bishop of Privas. Among othor matters of speculotion connected with llio Roman Catholic Council it has become a question, not merely what thcBo rcverend'scigiiiora will say (if tlicy aro lo eay" anything), but how they will say it. Latin, of course, to supposed to ho the official longue, but at a little rehearsal hold tho other day they came to signal grief at once on the question of concocting tho wldress to his Holiness in answer — wore parlamenlico — to his speech from tho clinir, for it was found that all tho Latin avaitoblo did not sttfllco for a common con versation. A fow American Bishop proposed to nub stitute French, and tilings went on smoothly for a few minutes in tho tonguo of tho Gallicons, when tho Bishop of Reggio protested against tho profanation. Mutters of tlio Church could only be' treated in Latin, ho said, tho Vulgate being written in that holy tonguo, and somo one cvon suggested Christ and the Apostles as having spoken that tongue. And so the Latin debate was resumed by tlio fow who had mastered tho tonguago to a spcakable degrco. Tho others sat in silence, but whon it came te signing the address they did all sign it liko men. Tho following arc tlio names of those who form tho committee on Anglican Orders in tho Vatican Council Cardinals Kcisarcli and Cullcn. the Archbishop of Baltimore, Dre. Manning nnd UUathome. Had Dr. Newman been iu Rome, bo would havo been asked te act as secretary. The Times correspondent gives us in tho following description, an admirablo idea of tho varied characteristics of tho crowd attending'ou the proceed ings : — " Of courso London, with its throo millions, can got up a largo multitudo of men, on a good many occasions; but it couhl not bo anything lilro so etrango, so motly, so pioturesque, and so surprising. Imagine all tlio figures in all niotures of churches, countries, cities, villages, by all tho Italian and all tho Dutch artists, walking out of their franiCB, just as they aro, and you liuvo tho crowd in which I have boon wandering like a mofo in a sunbeam. I am living in company with RaphocI, Titian, Paul Veronese, and also Teniors : for I havo never seen mora beautiful drosses, novor more quaint, never more savage and uncoutii." Describing tho service, he says "Strange os it may seem to English Protestant cars, tho service was incessantly going on at all tho altars in tho church 5 congregations woro assembled at them, bolls woro ringing, and responses chanted, and overy now and then thoro wns a procession, with bell and candlo,fr6m ono part of tho church to anothor. In tho vory midst of tho sightseers, occupying everywhere tlio most commanding positions, from tho slightest to tho j&qst; commanding dangerous elavation,.prieits_ woro celokrating moss, as if they woro alono in the vast solitudes of tlio old basilicas hero. I must odd that ovory ton minutes tho word of command was given. in no gontlo voieo td somo body of soldiers, to clear on avenue, push back a crowd, or make somo now combination. This tliey had sometimes to do iu tho toco of strong remonstrances. Lower down the novo I hear tho thieves wcro plying thoir trade, with concerted attempts at disorder. ' I11 tho Homily dolivercd by tho Pope at tho open ing of tho (Eouinonica! Couuoil as conveyed to tho world in a telegraphic summary, His Holiness was reported to havo said that " tho Church was stronger than heaven itself." Wo _ awaited an ox- phuiabion of this apparently unintelligible expression, und wo fiud it in plain words in tho text of tlio Allocution itsolf, winch has ronchcd us by post. Tlio Holy Father did really say that tlio Church was strongor than- Heavon itself; hut ho grounded his saying, first, on tlio authority of St. John Chiysostom, then on that verso of Holy Writ " Heavon nnd earth shall pass away." lio somowliat quibbled between Heavon as implying Iho'Makor of all tilings and Heaven as part of tho things made, and simply meant tiint tho Church was stronger than the physical world— a superiority which, in a general sonsp, may bo olaiuiod by all miiul ovor all matter.— Times. Australian Pkesbrved Mk.it Patronised by Louis Napoleon.— On December 21,- tho Eniperor received at tho Tuilerics Mr. Tallcrman, tlio enter prising manager of Loudon Australian Meat Agonoy. Napoleon III., who during thoi wholo of his reign, has novor.. neglected any invention which was likely to prove boneficlal to tlio. country, appears to havo bcon struck-wlth tho Btotomonts mado concerning tlio- economy- of nsitig-Australian- meat- wlioro largo quantities of animal lood aro rtHiuirod for tho army, navy, poor-houses. _niid_8omfckitehflMt — Mt_TnUer man, was Invitml to como ovor nnd bring with him a certain quantity of Australian beef and mutton, in order to tost ita "qualities by being cooked in tho iiuporial kitchen iu various ways, and then to bo. tasted by tho Emperor and othors. Whon tlio oidinary process, under Mr. Tallormon's directions, hod boon gono through, tho Euiuoror ordorod tlio various dishes to bo sent to tho soldioro ou duty at tho guntd-room of tlio Tuilotics, and then further directed that the men should express their opinion on thom. Out of thirty soldiers, Awonty-flve declared thoy wero quito satisfied with sueh food, ond found it an ugrecnblo eluuigo from tho ordinary rations. Tho Emperor remarked that ho thought tho dissenting -flvowautingiirnppotitor oshofoundtho Australian moat palatable, however cookod. Mr. Tollorman, accompanied by Mr. Mortimer, tbo Paris agont, eamo awav a littlo surprised at tlio, minute investigation the Emperor mndo about everything concerning the transport, preserving, and cost of Australia!! meat. O'Donoyax Rossa. — In order to render ineffectual any attempt toTeseiliT'O'Donovwi Uossa, increased military precautions hnvr, it is said, been taken by tho authorities at St. Mary's Convict Prison Chatham, where ho to now confined. It to slated t hat O'Dtmoran Rossa having been advertised in the London Gazette .tlio mcmbor for Timicrury, a motion will bo mode 011 tho assembling of the Iluusopf Commons that tlio convict shall lako his seat.' The fact is urged that 'diitil Parliament repealed tho law disqualifying Jews, tho oloction of Baron Rothschild by tho Cily of London was never gazetted. Tho appearance of Rossa's nnnio iu tho Gazette is held by somo lawyers to givo him a prima facte title to a scut in tho -Houso of Commons, and that tho House would possess the power to cull liim to iu bar and to lus scut. A numbor pf letters from Ireland and elsewhere "havo bcon addroscd to him at the prison with the letters "M.P." after his name; Under the prisonrbuuln;- "tions, liowcvcr, no convicTls-pcnniUcd to write or receive letters froin uny person except at intervals of several-months. _ Every letter addressed to a convict is also read. Hwould Bcon tlint Rossa wns soon In possession of the information that he hod been ulocted, ulthough no officiul communication was mado to lmu ou tho subject. Tho whole of the Fenian convicts now undergoing their sentences of penal servitude nt Chatham arc kept as much ns possible, during the hours of labor, from the other convicts, and excepting in certain inslnnccs, are always employed within the prison walla, and not on the -dockyard extension works. Tho principal work per formed by O'Donovan Rossa to that of darning the convicts stockings, in which he to stated to be nn expert hand. Like all tho other convicts tho Fenian prisoners have to attend school for so many hours — The'18tharD6rty passed over in peace, Lite two parties being intimidated by the display of forco made by tho authorities. The Orangemen held their procession and burnt Lundy in one place, nnd- the Catholics held theirs nnd burnt King William in another. It was believed for somo hours that the Government would prohibit both, but they . vory wisoly took tho opponito courso and protected bo#th. Tho display is objectionable because it. is mado sueh a liondlo for insult, but for once tho Orangemen seem te havo been moro in tho right of the two parties. Thoir display was very old nnd has never been for bidden, while tho Catholics, not content with asking its suppression, threatened the Government that if it did not yield they would employ force. It was absolutely neccsraiy to show that Ireland was still ruled by law, and fortunately tho precautions taken proved effective. — Spectator. Referring to the same event, tho Saturday Revieto says : — Fcoca was pre served at Dorry on the 18th, but it was preserved in a truly Irish way. Twelve huuilrcd soldiers and police lined the way while two illegal processions passed by. As cocli party luid its own illegal pro cession, and Protcstnuta wcro no better off tiiau Catholics, the local public was charmed with the im partiality of the arrangement, and thought that a rcry clever way or getting out of a scrape had been diviseu. Tho Approntico Boys had tho honour of first an nouncing their intention to defy tho authorities, and it was thoy who were regarded as the enemies of publio order. But a Defence Association of .Catholic workmen- thought propor lo volunteer to" pufcthem down, and offered in Uie handsomest manner to save tho Executive all trouble in the matter. Tlio remedy was worse than the disease, and the attention of tho authorities was concentrated on preventing tho Catholics from preventing the Protestants from breaking the law. Tlio Protestants wcro ullowetLtUo. honour of commencing, and..witliout_disturbanee_of. "any sort they marched about, went to church, and burnt the elfigy ofLuudy, the traitor wlio nearly surrendered the town to James II. While tliey woro happy and comfortablo In their attendance nt divine service the Catholics had their procession,, which ended in burning the effigy of William III. It then began to rain, and overy one went away much pleased with the day's proceedings. That there arc some Irishmen belonging to what used to bo considered an extreme eectiou of Irish politicians, who keep tlicir senses in the midst of tho excitement now prevailing, and who are quito rcody to acknowledge Ino just and generous feelings with which Englishmen are ready to approach Irish ques tions, is proved by the very creditable and well-timed lcttorof ThoO'Doiioghiio. Becomes forward to explain to his countrymen the change which in this respect lias passed over publio opinion iu England, and to warn against the misstatements of those who'wish to moke them bclicrc tliat there is notliing to be hoped by Irishmen from a Parliament sitting at Westminster. Ho insists that his own personal experience warrants 'lum in saying tliat cvory just request or claim of Irishmen is sure to receive from tho present House of Commons the readiest and most patient attention. Ho made, however, a suggestion in tlito letter which was very well meant, but which we think delusive. Ho urged that the Irish members may le loft-to- settio Irish matters among themselves, that they .should ngrce on what was to be done, ond that, except on rare occasions, the rest' of the House of Coiuuiou9 should accept their decisions. ' His motive for making this suggestion was, wo presume, to persuade his countrynionjhntjheyjuight easily have as much a Parliament of tlicir own as if the Union -wero -repealed, while yet they might aroid the danger and reproach of seeking to break up the unity of the empire. A sort of precedent may bo supposod to 'exist in the customary arrangements of Scotch members, who have long been permitted to model Scotch Dills to their liking, nnd to decido in private meetings what legislation for Scotland is needed or would .be acceptable. But the precedent will not hold. As wns seen last Session, tho system breaks down when nny Scotch Bill of real importance and touching general principles is brought before Parlia ment. 'The debates on tho Educatiou Bill showed that the Scotch members could not agree among themselves on suoh n measure, and- that tho House would not allow itsolf to be superseded on a question -nf <imti nAnuml inloriKt. I)t tllfi institution of Q HOTf system of national education.— Saturday Rerieto. . 