1".. "ALIVE IN THE DEAD-HOUSE: The Sin: Francisco' Alta Californiac gives Fan account of the experience of a German wlho :wnossupposcd to have died in that city, and. whose body .was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached totlle hospital in which he had been, under treat ment:-" TheL body was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already. been placed,'and between them. The cover was put on aind the keeper of the dead-house re tired for the night. About midnight a loud soreaming-and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, but, being aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves 'rather than attempt to beodme peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to pro ceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had bgon a few hours previously pronounced extinct, :id 'vho had lieen dressed . in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted joutright, while;the terrified German rushed lieadlong..throeigh-thelong. halls and corridors' ofthe blilding, spreading dismay and teror 'asfie went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him inlIbis , frantic career, but "the next instant- the poor German fell on. the floor in a fit. The physician was 'sent for, and restoratives used, by which he' was restored to consciousness. How. he felt when he re turned to consciousness we give as he told it himself:--'Yell, yen I got sick and vas in bed that day the doetorcanie to me anda sail I vas very sick. He;: vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I yoke in de night, and there was no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no'bed clothes, for I van cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for the bed clothes, and, och, vat you think I got-vy. a dod man! Dare he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going avay by the other side, vee,'sure, I put my hind on another. Then I roared, and called, and cried out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a board that was covering me. "Oh," said I, "vot does this mean, vere am I? Am I ded ?" and I roared and bawled, and threw off' the cover and jumped about as if I asee mad. And I knooked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open-it for me, add I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not sure. I had the ded man's dress on me, At last the door opened, and ven I looked at the man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and -I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and van I come to myself I thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here.' " 