THE COMIC HISTORY OF AUSTRALIA. By Punch's Patent Historian. With Illustrations by Walker Chalks, R. A. CHAPTER XX. — Closes the Seventeenth Century and opens a new one. Governor Hunter was a man of the very best intentions, but as good intentions are only useful in the infernal regions, they were not of much benefit to the colony — albeit the colony was by some persons considered an infernal region. Though possessing- great wai-mth of heart, His Excellency always took things coolly, and never had the least relish even for brandy hot. His integrity was no doubt great ; but the influence of the military despots acted on his feelings like a grater, and caused him to cut up extremely rough on many occasions, when he might have polished off his opponents in a quiet way. The settlement owing to the general disregard paid to his general orders, soon fell into a state of dis-order ; and the official monopolists who had ruled the roast (and boiled) ever since Governor Phillip sailed for England, attained a degree of rampancy, which was absolutely terrific. The lives of the poor settlers became a burden to them, and they had very little else to carry. The majority of the colonists, became good-for- nauglit, and even the most respectable persons found that the reward of virtue was of the shabbiest description. Vice flourished ; so did the whips of the floggers ; and the richer the aristocrats grew the weaker was the gruel which the poor middle classes had to put up with. Society was in an awful state. Growers of grain had to eat their own produce or sell it to officers at half price ; and buyers of merchandize had to pay officers a commission of several hundred per cent, to buy it for them. There was in the colony no such thing as a non-commissioned officer. About this time a ship called the Sydney Cove, and containing some very unfortunate coves, was wrecked in Straits which I have no hesitation in calling Base although I am aware they are usually called Bass. Tho crew of this ill-fated vessel got a shore on the coast, (where shores are said to be plentiful) and set out for a good long walk to Sydney. The poor fellows endured terrible hardships ; some were crowelly ill-treated by the natives ; others sank under their own sufferings ; and the surviving remnant was of the thinnest and poorest description. They could'ut reach Sydney, their arms being of the ordinary leng-th, but they got down to Illawarra where being found in grub by the blacks they were subse quently found in great misery by some fishermen. The convicts who continued to make bolts wherever they had the chance, had a great idea of China. They often tried to walk there, but in all cases found themselves compelled to stop short of their destination. Some gave up the project ; and all either gave themselves up or gave up the ghost. The land of Shadows is supposed to be a good deal further off than China, yet more than half the people who set out for China, found the road thither a very short cut into the land of Shadows. They died in con siderable quantities, and their bones laid about the bush in a very melancholy manner. The aboriginals saw heaps of them, and afterwards pointed out to the white-men, the ghastly relics of these once muscular Explorers. Ml ( Some exceedingly tall and wonderfully thin missionaries who had been trying to convert the heathen into Christians and had narrowly escaped being themselves converted— into pies and sausages — arrived in Sydney about this period. They came in a little leaky brig called the Nautilus whose cabin accommodation was very limited, though her capacity for shipping seas, and plunging bow under and carrying away sails and spars was almost unlimited. The Missionaries who left Tahiti in a plump state, were so much reduced by suffering and sea- sickness, that when they landed in Sydney the most inveterate cannibal would have rejected them as unfit for food. They settled themselves in the neighborhood of Sydney and having turned to with a will soon got into the way of making money. One of them, a gentleman of the name of Clode, was sent into the next world very soon after his arrival. He was sitting in the parlor of his lonely cot, counting out the money which had resulted from his turning to as aforesaid, when he heard a hand on the latch. He at once conjectured that the hand had a body and a pair of ears connected with it, and had no hesitation in saying " Come in ! " The Hand upon the latch came in at once, and having opened the door, brought in with it, the head, arms, and other members of a very trouble some body known as Tom Jones. Being in, Tom Jones produced an axe, and proceeded to question the reverend Mr. Clode. "Where's yer blunt?" — asked Mr. Tom Jones running his thumb along the edge of his weapon. " In the left hand pocket of a pair of breeches that have gone to the wash". — said Mr. Clode with great presence of mind. He little knew the man he had to deal with. Tom Jones was not to be deceived so easily. " Bust yer breeches !" said Jones with calm dignity, " Have the good ness to fork out or — ! " The swing which Mr. Jones gave to his axe finished the sentence with a large note of admiration. It intimated to the agitated Clode that unless he forked out rapidly he would very speedily be knife and forked if not pole-axed by his visitor. "Fork sir?" said Mr. Clode, "Yes sir. Help yourself sir "—added he, handing J ones the plate basket containing a knife without a handle, two iron spoons, three ancient forks, and a brass tinder box. It is worthy of notice, that ghosts though universally regarded as unpleasant things are not readily given up. I have a very large circle of acquaintances, but there's not one man I know of, who is willing to give up the ghost. — Ed. S. Punch. " Get out ! " — said Jones, kicking the humble offering up the chimney. "With pleasure Sir ! " said Mr. Clode running towards the door. "There's one for your nob ! "—cried the rather facetious Jones, splitting the reverend gentleman's skull with one stroke of his axe. "That's what I call first chop. Now for the plunder." Mr. Tom Jones then proceeded to rifle the house, in which he found an old pair of boots, three old socks, an empty carpet bag, two holey dollars, and fivepence. Having secured this valuable property, on which he pro posed retiring to America and living luxuriously, Mr. Tom Jones sat down to think over his plans. He had, however, no sooner taken his seat, than he was taken himself by a couple of policemen and lodged in gaol. He was kept in chokey for some days and subsequently choked in chains. On the 1st of October 1799 the church which was put up on the east side of the cove was burnt down. It was thought that the convicts had a hand in the fire but on examination none were found to have been scorched in the least. It was, however, well known that they did'nt like going to church, and had therefore strong reasons for desiring the church to go to blazes. Governor Hunter who was a very moral man, and never allowed a felon to shirk his religious duties, set the gangs to work on another church, and while it was building, made them attend service in a store. This appears to have been regarded as a dreadful punishment. The fact is the preachers of those days were rather prosy, and unlike modern occu pants of the pulpit, were terrible bores ; and as the overseers were in attendance to prick tip the convicts and keep them wide awake, tliey cotdd not seek relief in slumber. The reverend Mr. Marsden, who was a very good man, and a very sharp trader, preached at them with untiring vigor, and was particularly severe upon people who drank rum ; which considered that he sold rum himself and made a deal of money by it, was very disinterested on his part. The period of Governor Hunter's rule, (which was not remarkable for giving good measures) was chock full of incidents. The natives were troublesome, and not only asked for "bacca " and "tixpences" with per severance worthy of a better cause, but not unfrequently speared the farmers upon the Hawkesbury. Many persons suffered considerable inconvenience from having darts thrust in their bodies, and nulla-nullas applied to their sculls. It appears however that the blacks got as good as they sent or even better, and instead of being- treated to rum and tobacco were treated with inhumanity — which is not by any means palatable. There were some floods on the Hawkesbury which did a deal of washing in a very abrupt manner. Indeed some settlers were stript quite naked owing to all their worldly possessions being in the wash — of the flood- water. Some acts of piracy were committed by the convicts ; but the brig Harrington which Mr. Bennett says was carried off by a gang of ruffians, was not built at the time, and was not seized until 1809. Acts of piracy are however much more numerous now-a-days, than they were in> 1799\. Literary pirates swarm amongst us anil their skill in "cutting-out ' the richly laden vessels of honest traders, is only excelled by the impu dence with which they pass off the pirated goods as their own. A textile fabric was made from the bark of a tree in Hunter's time. This is usually thought to have been some kind of coarse cloth ; but 1 am prepared to prove that the textile fabric was of fine quality, and must have been used in making sheets. That the majority of the settlers on the Hawkesbury slept on sheets, is well known ; and it is also pretty well ascertained that these sheets were sheets of bark. Here then we have the "textile fabric " alluded to in history. In June there was a public meeting called for the purpose of building a gaol, the convicts not being at all comfortable in their then existing quarters. And in September 1800 His Excellency the Governor having " done his five years " went Home to England in a big ship, and in a state of satisfaction at having got clear of New South Wales. ( To be continued.) official monopolists. ' explorer's bone-dust. folding lost sheep. 