MARRIAGE WITH A DECEASED WIFE'S SISTER. If the Notice-paper in the Assembly had not presented such an apoplectic appearance an .addition to it might have been recom mended to the attention of the Attornev General. Special information has reached us from England which offers to our legislators a chance of something more than local dis tinction. The Marriage Law Reform Asso ciation at home, having lost their Bill last session for legalizing marriage with a deceased wife's sister, are preparing for another effort, the prospects of which are very encouraging. They have done this colony the. honour of more that- once acknowledging her as a useful ally in the- cause of marriage reform. South Australians visiting England have frequently experienced unexpected proofs of esteem which their Legislature has earned by its attempts to remove an anomalous injustice. Sir Richard Hanson, who has from the first been identified .with the legalizing Bills, no 4ess than three of which have been sent home within thejpast tec years, wrote by last imail to a friend in Adslaide, urging special reasons for a *re aewed effort to be made if possible before the present session closes. We have also been communicated withl-y the Secretary, of the Marriage Law Eeform Association to the same effect. The information conveyed in these letters is mutually confirmative, and thei^simultaneous arrival ie at least a happy coincidence. The English Bill of last session was in troduced by the eminent barrister Mr. Chambers, and the support which had been promised for it was so strong as almost ito ensure its success. Its oppo nents, mistrusting their capability in a fair contest, adopted other and less straightforward means of averting the issue which they dreaded. The Bill was delayed, and its promoters were out-manoeuvred on formal poicts, until the rush of 'business at the close of itke session consigned it to the bourne of £he murdered inuoceats. Its friends had special cause to be annoyed at the underhand manner of its defeat, for they knew that many potent influences were ranged on their ade. They had secured the zealous co-operatien of the Liberal Pxess in London. They were openly countenanced by the most intelligent and advanced section of the Liberal party. They more than hoped that the personal sym pathies of the Government were largely with them, especially those, of the Premier himself. Having still all these inducements to persevere, they will no doubt stir them selves betimes as soon as Parliament re. assembles. Meanwhile they are reminding the Colonial Legislatures who have been making common cause with them of the necessity for a joint effort. They point out that an opportunity now exists by means of which we may help , each other while furthering our ownspecial ends. Through two distinct channels they send us an assurance that the Bill which has been three times disallowed would' be assented to if re enacted while the, present Government continues in office. . .,: .- .; The most positive assurance on 'tins point comes through Sir Richard Hanson, and we have been kindly permitted to quote his own aceonnt of it. Sir Richard says :— -.' A short Jdme Mace I met Mr, Chambersj.who last stsfibn infroclucea the^ilffbMeealizinR such1 marriages, . ^got into talk on the subject,-. ; and' he'! .then -said' tHat; li& could state | authoritatively that if another Act were : sent home from South Australia for the same j purpose while the. present Ministry were in office it would ' not' be' disallowed if Her Majesty's assent had been given, or if reserved that it would, have received her assent here.' What Mr. Hansbnry, the Secretary of the Marriage Law Reform As sociation, has to communicate is confessedly mere rumour, but he is convinced that it is well authenticated, and the independent testimony which has come from another quarter should decide its credibility. After premising that matters have very much altered since the former Bills were sent home, he continues:— '1 am able to give you a fact which would be likely to have much weight with any member of the Legis lature who might be asked to bring the measure forward. It is this : — A very eminent member of the Cabinet, when in formed of the rejection of your three Bills, was very greatly surprised, and said, 'That shall not happen again while I have any influence.' On the face of things, therefore, we may be con fident that another Bill would receive the royal assent, and such an event would have great influence with Parliament and the country as regards the English measure.' The recollection that this reform has. been attempted by the South Australian Legisla ture no less than three times is ample guarantee that the colony is in earnest in desiring it. The Government, or whoever may choose to undertake a new Bill, need have no misgiving as to the primary requi site of public approval. The practicability of the scheme may be further tested by the large majorities which carried the previous Bills. This fact should also neu tralize the objection as to protracting the present session. If the character and sym pathies of the Legislature have not wholly changed during the past six years, the proposal would excite very little discussion, and still less opposition. It is a question which has been brought within, narrow compass, and on which the public opinion of the country is decided. The passage of such a Bill would be literally a form, and so even would be the drafting of it. Nothing simpler could be imagined than tfee Acts formerly passed and still standing on the Statute-book. The first of them is No. 19 of 1S57-58, the second is No. 19 of 1860, and the third No. 27 of 1863. To save our readers the trouble of reference we subjoin a verbatim copy of the Act : — 'Whereas doubts havo arisen as to the validity in this province of the marriage of a man with the sister of his deceased wife, and it his expedient to remove such doubts. Be it therefore enacted by the Governor-in-Chief of South Australia, with the advice and consent of the Leirislative Ceuncil and House of Assembly of the said province, m this present Parliament assembled— ' I. That all marriages which havo been heretofore or which shall be hereafter duly solemnized between any person and his deceased wife's sister shall be deemed and arc hereby declared valid, and of full force and effect, any law or custom *o the contrary notwithstanding. Provided always that it shall not be compulsory for any oflk-i&ting; minister to celebrate- such marriages.' It is understood that i;he Attorney-General contemplated some declaratory or quieting Bill, to meet the disclosure recently made in the Supreme Court. Possibly the two subjects cosld be conjoined, or, if not, they might be appropriately discussed at the same time, if their ?essential affinity could not be recognised iby the draftsman, ;it might be observed in Committee. Were Parliament manifestly -on the eve of proro gation it might be unseasonable to expect- a further postponement of the long-delayed recess. Bet the Government themselves cannot yet foresee clearly when everything will be ready for His Excellency to come down. It may be a --fortnight, and it may be a couple «tf months. A short Bill, there fore, which might beimshed through all -its stages in two or three days without inter rupting current business, would entail -ho great extra »eriiice. It might be as likely to expedite things by stimulating a listless Legislature a* to protract the session by swelling the Notice -paper. Since the Christmas holidaye neiiUzer House has dis played much inclination ito hurry itself; and after so much time has 'been spent on sheer futility, two or three hours might be saved for a purpose which is :at once practicable, and commendable. The colony has gained; some credit for itself iby its enlightened eourage in promoting this object, and the' preservation of such credit' eught to be worth the trouble of formally repeating the attempt by which it was first earned. We trust that, evec now at the eleventh hour, the Legis latuce will make some response to the flattering appeal of its English associates in the .cause of marriage reform. The Alsianda Silver Mining Associa tton\ — Tie annual report and balance sheet of the Almanda Company were issuec yesterday, the latter being made up to th- 31st December last. It exhibits a gross ex penditure to that date of fully twelve thousand pounds, which has been met bj calls to the extent of £9,974, silver produced to the value of £692, and minor receipts £25. There wan a deficit of fully thirteen hundred pounds, which seems to have been somewhat redueed during the current month. A statement of assets and liabilities, brought down to the 25th instant, gives the latter at £908, and the former at £6,325, in chiding machinery, tools, buildings, quick silver, and retorted silver on hand. The sixth call, which was due on the 20th instant, ought therefore to have placed the Directors in, possession of a small credit, besides the marketable silver that ,ha» been realized from recent crushingB.: 'Since the starting of the: new machinery in July last 1,092 tons of ore have' beeEiput.throughjthe amalgamators, , and the produce of standard silver has been over three thousand ounces. The Directors still take a. sanguine view of the situation, as may jbe inferred irom the concluding' paragraphs of their report, which we subjoin:— ' ''\\- '??' .-?;. ; ; ( *.' r '/ The pif ec^rVare jirepipujg ' a' small parcel of the ore. from BagqtX level. for transmission to Etagland, with a vjew of. ascertaining its value and the most; effective mode of treatment ^ In the meantime; they'.are negoiwtingiwith a con tractor to undertake the sinking of a proper shaft' on the' course of the ''lode, and to connect the requisite pumping-gear with the engine now on the mine. . ' 'A, favourable offer is under consideration, and the' Directors recommend that no time should be lost in pursuing this important work, as it would thoroughly test the mine; and, judging from what is at present in view, they have great hopes that in the course of a few fathoms sinking the lode will become concen trated and remunerative.' The Troops.— The steamer Claud Hamilton sailed on Thursday from Melbourne with a detachment of troops from New Zealand for Port Adelaide, and it is understood that tho 14th Regiment are to embark by the same vessel for Melbourne on Monday next, at noon. The Late Mr. William Bakewkll.— The remains of the late Crown Solicitor were interred in the North-road Cemetery on Thursday after noon, January 27. The funeral cmiegt left the deceased gentleman's residence, Payneham, shortly after 3 o'clock, and proceeded to the cemetery by way of Hackney, over the Com pany's Bridge, reaching the burial- ground at 5 o'clock. The procession was a lengthy one, of over 40 vehicles, including four mourning coaches, which contained tho chief mourners. The first was occupied by the deceased's brother (Mr. Samuel Bake well), son (Master Leonard Bakewell), nephew, and Dean Russell ; in the second were Messrs. G. and J. Warren, W. J. Brind, and D. W. Scott ; the third held the Hon. A. Stow and Messrs. W. J. Fullarton and H. Scott ; and Mr. F. G. Smith occupied the last. There was a numerous attendance of members of the legal profession, including Mr. Justice Wearing, the Commissioner of Insolvency, the Crown Solicitor, Chief Secretary, the Sheriff, and Messrs. Belt, Boucaut, Bonnin, Brook, T. B. Bruce, Bundey, J. W. & A. G. Downer, Fenn, Labatt, Mildred, Robinson, Stuckey, Thrupp, Wliitby, Wiglcy, and others ; His Lordship the fiishop, Canon Farr, Revs. J. Jefferis, E. Griffiths, and R. Haining; Dr. Moore, the Hons. A. B. Murray and T. Hogarth, and Messrs. L. Glyde, M.P., A. Hollett, G. and J. Hance, A. Forster, Galbraith, Billing, C. Sabine, J. P. Stow, J. Macgeorge, Meyer, Wadham, J. M. Linklater, C. C. Cornish (Clerk to tho Crown Solicitor), and Reid, wore also present. The burial service of tho Church of England was conducted by the Dean. DARLING BUSHRANGERS.—From Bollybulka, Tolarno, in the Darling back country, our Menindie correspondent writes on February 15 :— "I remarked in my last that an opening for aspirants for bushranging notoriety existed since Baker and Bertram had cleared out for Queensland ; Mr. Ross, alias Towney, and two mates have taken the vacant position. Their first exploit was stealing a horse known on the station as the Bushranger, and which Redford left at Bollybulka when he came back from the Lachlan. Mr. Owen, the Superintendent, com- menced at once with the police, and provided them with the best horses on the station. Trooper Bailey and a blackfellow are on their tracks Ross is known to be a very determined character, and more than two ought to pursue. What will the police authorities now think about their having reduced the number of the Darling police force when every week brings accessions to the bushranging business, for it is an esta- blished profession here ? How many hawkers will try their fortunes on the Darling when at any moment they may be served as O'Brien and Young were, and the vagabonds are allowed to get away, and laugh at the incompetency of the police. One of the horses which Trooper Bailey took from Bollybulka came back, and it is feared some accident or encounter has taken place between him and the bushrangers. I have every confidence in Bailey, and that he will render a good account of them should he sight them. He is a good strategist, and though short- handed will outwit them." The ONKAr-ARixc.A Diggings. — As -was gene raily anticipated, tho floods of the past fev d&ys; havo put a stop to operations on the nev rush along the Onkaparinga. The water cani- down on Tuesday, and very soon it had made i clean sweep of the diggers, who were compellet to take refuge on higher ground, where the] are still encamped, waiting for the subsidence -of the stream. The Warden has considerate^ ?suspended the provisions as to tbe working o the claims in order to protect them for thei prospective proprietors, who will havo soim little diSiculty in identifying their boundaries Every facility will be given them to lay ou their allotments according to the .position the] occupied before tho flood. Mr. Peterswalc estimates that there are nearly 400 men on tin Onkaparinga and Jupiter Diggings, and hi speaks favourably of tho result of .eperations or the latter. Tub Weston Minstrels.— Those has been i waking up at the Royal, thanks to tho promisi of a command night, which, however, wa hardly realiiced. The satellites of vice-royalt; were there in force, but they had to transfe their allegiance from the vice-regifi box to tin stage. Hussey, Kelly, and Holly «endeavoure- to console them for their disappointment, an- they must have been hard to please if after al they did not enjoy themselves. It was prope that the best house of the season shouli have the best performance. With oni or two exceptions, such as the ' Goldei Shoe Dance' md ' Tobias and Biancus,' whicl the public would not on any account allow to b withdrawn, tho programme was entirely new It comprised 'Gonic good songs and dramati episodes, one .of which fairly hiuufcugged th audience, who could not decide until it wa done whether it had been intended for fun o earnest. In hit; ' Ole Virginuy' character o Nicodemus Johrsou Mr. Kelly furnished a fresl stylo of plantation breakdown as grotesque ii its design as it was cleverly executed. Mr Hussey's dramatic forte appears to l»e in th( superstitious aspect of negro life. In hi peregrinations, r.hcther as Toby, canfidentia clerk, or as tho man who has missed tko 'Pou: o'clock Train,' he is always encountering spectres. His irtcrviews with thorn an rendered Bcreamhi£Jy absurd to the spectator by the terror with which they inspire Tobj himself. It is thoroughly negro terror, whicl strikes suddenly and as suddenly vanishes, Much incongruous tumour .and drollery an blinded with it ; so much, in fact, that the humorous always preponderates over ilu horrible. For such. a picture Mr. Hussey .musi have studied Sambo closely in real life, and noted all his emotional peculiarities. Mr. Kelly** fwourite nigger is of .a wholly different type. He is of the rollicking, Jove-making, danciug kind, whose grin u generaUy accompanied by a guffaw. As a specimen of ihis class Nicodemus Johnson was first-rate in its combination ol Sambo's most distinctive qualities. The repartee and 'chaff' in the first part were well learoEed with fresh jokes, and whether old or new may have never found readier appreciation than they did yesterday. The laughter was quite e$ual, both in quantity and heartiness, to that rarest of all side- shakings which is pro duced by tho broadest farce. Speaking farcically there was also a change in that depart ment yesterday, tho dramatic agency being substituted for the 'Ghost in a Pawnshop.' The primary object of tho writer must have been te bring on as many of tho company as possible, and the next to send them off again as fast as possible. But the real merriment was concen trated in the persons of Hussey and Kelly, tho Former reproducing his old r6le of Toby, and tho latter appearing as a circus performer, imbitious to stand on his head. We fear that the dramatic agency wont help much toward avinc the foundation of the Ethionian uphnn] of broad comedy. Iho artists are all there, but they want a competent playwright. To-night an important addition will be made to the troupe in the person of its Director, Mr. Weston, who is spoken of as a champion banjo- player. After the : large and delighted .audience there was yesterday a successful season is almost assured. *Mr. Weston at least deserves it. , Presentation to Rkv. J. Llotd.— - A silver medal and a purse containing 33 so vs. have been presented at Wallaroo to the Rev. J. Lloyd, the indefatigable Welsh 'minister there, in recogni tion of his ceaseless exertions in -the temperance ciausc. ^Prpbabjy no man in the' colony has' laboured so. assiduously or so successfully. Tho Reyi 'Al . Michie/ T. Jarrett, and S. Raymond iook.partin the proceedings. Meetings of Companies.— Meetings of the 'oilowing Mining Companies will be held this lay, as advertKedi^-Hamley, Paramatta, ' and Spring Creek. '. '. '' The' ^JoktH'.— Writing from Blinman on January; 24 our correspondent remarks: — ['During the' past .week 'the/ heat has^bedn intense.' 'Yesterday ' there was a strong wind with clouds j of dust. This morning thoreis a change; it is now raining, and the sky is quite overcast. i The - eclipse, on Monday night, was distinctly seonj- ; -its appearance being similar to that described in other places.' From Port Augusta on the same day our letter says :-— 'The weather has bceu very changeable —first strong southerly winds, theu northerly and dusty. Yesterday and to-day tho wind has been N.N.E., with lightning and immense clouds of dust. Now (at 9 p.m.) tho wind is tho same as all day, and we shall havo rain More morning. It made an attempt to rain to-day, but not much. We had a good view of tho eclipse just commencing, 10.12 p.m. ; totally covered 11.13 ; after this cloudy and visible only at rare intervals.' From Molrose on January 25 our report says— ' It is now raining very heavily. Showers have been falling through nearly the whole night. The weather is still warm; thermometer about S0°.' The actual extent of the rainfall at Port Augusta and Melrose has been already givon. Concert in Aid of Catholic Orphanage. —On Thursday evening, January 27, an amateur concert was given in St. Francis Xavicr's Hall in aid of the funds for supporting SO poor orphan children. There was a very good at tendance, so that tho proceeds will probably form a substantial addition to the fund. Tho programmo was an excellent one, and its various parts were well carried out by all concerned. Miss Morris presided at tho piano with her accustomed ability. Tho entertainment com menced by a pianoforte overture by Miss Delano, wlu'ch was excellently played, and was followed by a quartette ('Die Thriine'), sung by members of the Liedertafel, whoso musical abilities are too well known to need comment. This was succeeded by a song, ' Lurlieberg,' by Mr. Do Normanville ; and another, 'I cannot sing tho old songs,' by Mrs. Pfacndler, which was very feelingly rendered, and earned a vociferous encore. A well-executed duet, 'Tho Syren,' by Mrs. Gunson and Miss Lucas, and ' The Good-by at the Door,' by Mr. Mumme, having been sung, Miss Lucas's 'Kathleen Mavouniccn' earned a well- merited redemand, 'The Harp that once through Tara's Halls' being substituted. Another quartette by tho Lcidcrtafcl con cluded the first part of the ontertainment. The second part opened with a solo on the piano by Miss Morris and Mrs. Daly and other ladies who had already sung rendered several choice pieces. Another quartette by the Liedertafel was well given. The enter tainment closed at about half-past 10 with the National Anthem, having been considerably prolonged by the large number of encores thai were demanded. ULOOLO DIGGINGS, NEAR KOORINGA. - Writing from the Burra, on January 26, our correspon- dent says: — "Many have been the enquiries regarding the seven ounces of gold reported by the Northern Argus to have been brought in to the Burra from Uloolo Diggings, but no one appears to have heard of it in this neighbour- hood except through the newspaper mentioned and the Register's quotation of the paragraph. It is too bad of any one to fabricate such intelli- gence, as people when thus misled are apt to disbelieve the truth. Last week a party of four brought down from three to five pennyweights, which they had collected out of trial dishes. Others had a little, and all who chose to try would eo tolerably certain to get a few specks more or less out of every dishful of likely-look- ing dirt. Several holes are sunk, the deepest 20 feet, and bottomed, not on pipeclay or slate, or on any true bottom, but on quartz boulders. These are too hard for tho diggers up there to penetrate, and so they leave the holes without further delay. The fashion seems to be for every one to knock off work or prospecting to witness the washing of a pan of stuff, hence no regular trial has yet been made. Certain it is, however, that really good weighty gold is there, and it is equally certain that broken quartz is extremely plentiful ; but as no reef has yet been discovered the auriferous richness is uncertain. About a dozen persons are camped there. The proprietors of the private land have offered any person permission to prospect free of charge. Mr. W. S. Douglas.— On Thursday, January 27, a meeting was held at Messrs. Kingslwrough and Chapman's officos, Advertiser-Chambers, to consider the form of the testimonial to bo pre sented to Mr. W. S. Douglas, late Manager of the Bank of South Australia. There were pre sent—Messrs. W. H. Charnock, W. Wad ham, W. Townsend, M.P., James Smith, M. Kiugfiborough, W. Morgan, M.L.C., A. B. Murray, M.L.C., Henry Brown, C. E. Steven ?son, L. Scammell, C. Platts, Pearson, W. W. Gill, J. T. Turnbull,'and others. Mr. Towns iend was voted to the chair. It was resolved that a Committee, consisting of Messrs. Jas. Smith, M. Kingsborough, and W. Wadham, should purchase apiecdof plato to be presented -io Mr. Douglas, together with a purse of sove reigns, 'on Monday next at Green's Exchange. .Presentation to Mn. DoucL.vs.-rOn Thurs-, day, January 27, Mr. W. S. Douglas was pre ?sontcd, in the Board-room of the Bank of South Australia, .with a handsome testimonial from his lato fellow-officers, : consisting of an olegant -ipcrge and handsomely-carved oval waiter, pur chased at Mr. Davis's establishment, in Rundle fitreet, where they may be seen during the week. Mr. T. D. Smeaton, Mr. Douglas's successor, presented the articles, and read a letter signed by three of the officers on behalf of all the others, expressing the ioehngs of respect and regard which they entertained for Mr. Douglas during his connection with the Bank, which had extended over 17 years, and wishing him, with his family, a safe and happy voyage to England. Mr. Douglas, in .a brief speech, tendered his warm thanks to tho contributors to the testi monial, and assured them that he entertained the same friendly feelings towards tho staff as they had expressed iu regard to himself. The salver bears the following inscription : — ' Pre sented to W. S. Douglas, Esq., by the officers of the Bank of South Australia, as a token of esteem and regard on .his retirement from tho Bank's service.' Bubua Railway Station.— Tho terminus at Kooringa is by tho residents unanimously voted to bo a shabby affair, qutee unworthy of the use for which it is intended. There is no accommo Jation whatever for passengers, and but little For the officials. Possibly this is to make up for the palatial station at Wasley's, where an inex pensive structure would have answered every purpose. 22nd says:— ''There has just been established in Collins-street, near the Atuonrcum Club, a branch of a remarkable firm — i.e., that of It. G. Dun & Co., of the United Sfciten, Canada, tho United Kingdom, and now of Australia— Mr. John George Barnes being the head of tho Melbourne office. Tliis firm was first established in 1341, and has thrice changed its name, although its operations have been continuous. It proposes to supply to its subscribers con fidential and complete information respecting the firms with whom they are dealing. Thus, in the United States, R. G. Dun & Co. have printed a large volume in which occurs some half-million names of traders, against whom are set hieroglyphical marks by which the initiated can discern the condition and prospects of the person or persons concerned. This book is lent to the subscriber for six months, and then replaced by another, bringing the information ip to date. In other cases — say, for instance, n England, where the transactions of It. G. Dun md Co. are not so numerous as in the States — mbscribers are furnished with written reports -f the 'antecedents, character, capacity, avpital, and credit' of their customers. As may )e supposed, the relations between the infor UlitUbS -UiU W1UII UUSIUIUCIS iUC UJ1UUI U1U BUUI OI the strictest confidence. The subscriber has to sign certain specific terms in this respect; the information given him is contained in a Brali ma- locked book, which has to be returned after a certain interval; and onerous conditions are laid down, which, appear, to reduce the chance of the information 'getting into wrong hands to a minimum. .In fact, Brahma locks are en countered at every; stage of the Company's dealings. Mr. Barnes has signed testimonials testifying to the value ; and integrity of the operations of his prmcipals : from'66me of the leading merchants in London and elsewhere in England; and in the United States, some of tho leading commercial journals havo expreased a favourable opinion of such transactions, which may have at .first 'sight, and to* English eyes, a questionable' shape. ' Tho Melbourne office will not bfrat work till:next Maiph.' - / ; ' The Gawler Bridges. — Gawler was not visited by such heavy rains on Tuesday ay neighbouring localities. No damage of im portance was done except what occurred - wing to heavy rains elsewhere. Theso caused tho North Para to come down with such a flood as has been rarely witnessed even by the oldest inhabitant. All the Gawler footbridges on that, river Were soon swept away, and tho now Wil laston Bridge itself was subjected to a von* severe test, immense logs and trees bumping against it like battering rams. Those who saw tho flood first coming down describe it as a mass of water about say scveu feet high, tumbling and splashing along at a rattling pace. Tbe South Para was also flooded, though not to any great extent. This is tho second time it has been set running sinco it dried up in November last. [From the Ercnimj Journal.] Representation ok Wist Tokukns.— Wo aro informed that Mr. P. B. Coglin has con sented to stand for tho representation of West Torrens. DESTKTCTrVK FLOOD AT M.VNNUM. — The weather ---i January 25 at Mamium was very unseaso. i o. From 7 a.m. till 4 p.m. it raineil incessantly, and came down liko a sheet of falling v.v'ier for more than an hour, filling the gullies fuller than they have been for years. Mr. Thomas Randell's house, which is unfortu nately built in the embouchure of ono of tho gullies running into tho river, was Hooded throughout, the furniture and goods receiving considerable damage. Several other places L'wl two and three feot of water inside. At ouc point on tho main road tho water washed tho embankment from under tho metal, thus clearing for itself a passage three feet wide and four feet deep ; and in the evening ono oi Darton k Co.'s wagons, heavily laden, fell through the metal crust, from which it was next. places the road has been severely damaged, a^-l lias been rendered dangerous for traffic Fak North Floods.— We are informed that the rain commenced at Blinman on Sunday night, at about a quarter to 12, and continued till about half-past 9 Monday morning. Tho mail-coach, which left somo time Into, contained no passengers, only tho driver and guard. After they had left Wilpena, at about half-past 5 in tho afternoon, the ,raiu begun to fall very heavily; and it came on so dark that, but for the thorough knowledge of tho route which tho driver and guard possessed, they must have lost, their way. The showers fell without ceasing during the night, and on Tuesday came down with redoubled violence. Early in the after noon, in crossing tho next creek to tbe Yanyara Creek, the leaders had got \i]- the bank, and tho wheelers wore partly out, when a rush of water struck tho coach ami capsized it, knocking the bottom out and sending tho mail through tho back. The two men were, of course, pluntrcd in tho creek. Tho guard soon scrambled out, and, seeing the driver struggling with tho Hood, caught him i-y the hair and drew him out, thereby saving his life. In attempting to reach the mail bag the guard again fell in, but soon recovered himself. He and the driver unharnessed the horses, and went in search of the bag, ami found it washed on to a little island. When they returned lo the place whore they had left tho coach, they found that tho force of water had completely smashed it. Altogether tho men were about three hours and u half in the water, and the utmost praise is duo to them for their perte vorance. They went back to tho stables ubout, eight miles distant, and proceeded on their journey the next morning. Tho rain ceasrd during the night. Such a Hood, wo are toid, has never been seen in tho North, us on Tuesday five inches of rain fell at Pekiua. Largo guru trees woro torn up by tho roots, and carried into the plains, which were all under water, and many drowned kangaroos were to In. seen flouting in it. The groom at the Mam nario Station was washed away two or thm hundred yards whilst out searching for Jjis horses. TilU.S'DEKSTOIlM :\T LkNM'S CltKLK.— A CO1T( - spondeut writing from Bel tana says:— 'A heavy thunderstorm fell in tho neighbourhoeW of Leigh's Creek on tho 3rd January, and flooded tho creek bank high, washing away troughs, &c;, and filling up the wells. There was also a good shower to tho westward. On the 11th we had a tine soaking rain of several hours' duration, and from the appearance of the country round 1 think it was general. Judging from tho frequency of thunderstorms during tLe past three mouths, wo may reasonably hope for a good season at last. Port Adelaide Waterworks Assessment.— waited on the Commiasie- r of Public Works this morning in reference to n reduction of the Waterworks rate. It consisted of tho members for tho district, tho Mayor, Town Clerk, ami sovoral other gontlemcji, and various ? reasons were placed before tho .Commissioner why the inequality at present existing between the City and Port rates should be removed. Tho Com missioner informed the deputation that as the estimate of the income from this Source luul already been calculated, it would bo undesirable to make aay reduction at present, but ho inti mated that in on Act to bo introduced next session for tho supply of the suburbs, tho whoJ* of the rates would bo adjusted, and placed as much as possible on tho same footing. Criterion Battkry.— Tho result of tho firnt retorting at Mannum not having equalled as per assay, led to an examination of tho tailings to ascertain if any of the gold was being lost in them ; and an assay of seven i-omids weight, of this previously considered refuso stuff, pro duced a button of gold nearly a pennyweight. To prevent this enormous waste it was neces sary to havo moro effectual machinery, and the proprietors arc now placing a Chilian Mill fit tho foot of the blanket tables. Through this they will pass the tailings already accumulated, and tho result added to the gold previously ob tained will give tho yield of tho quartz crashed up to date. The heavy rains, elsewhere re ported, washed several tons of these valuable tailings into the River Murray. Lost in the Hush for Six Days. — On January 22, as Mr. J. Collins, of Glcnburn, was looking for shcop in tho Tiers, he wont to a hut where ho was in the habit of staying, and vu opening tho door found a man quite naked lyiuj; on his bed in a very weak state. He said he had been at tho Talisker Mines looking for work, took the wrong track, got into tho scrub, was lost for nix days, and was ?vithout water all tie lime. There were tea, sugar, and flour in tho iiut, which ho appeared to have largely used. He stated that he came from Swan River, was a ihipwright, and left his wife and three children ;here. Mr. Collins took euro of and conveyed lim to Mr. Chaiubers's station, where the latter gentleman kindly promised to keep him till he ecovercd strength. Strangely, however, tie nan left early on Sunday, ami was on the road getting something to eat. A3 ho went ? along1 innnrAiiflv imitn «tvnnnr Jin pnnlrl tinwll** Un. « got well t-o soon after being six days withoi t water, so that probably there was an error as to time. The. hut in which the man took refuge was so out of the way that ho must certainly havo lost himself, but for how long is uncertain. Darlino Weather.— During last week thi weather was extremely hot in the Darling country, tho thermometer having risen irj places to 120° in the .shade. After such warmth a change was expected, and on Thursday last expectations were satisfied by a splendid rain, which lasted all night and for two days'. TLe country round was flooded, in many direction: impassable, and on several stations sheep water ing at troughs were shifted. The successive rains give promise of a splendid season. 5o* Mess-srs. Parr k Luxmoore request the special attention of Capitalists, Stockholders, and others to their .Sale This Day, at tbe Exchange Mart, of all the valuable Squatting Property known as Warrakimbo, in the North :omprising 320 Squares Miles of superior I1 ceding Country, with all the Stock, say 23, 000, low depasturing. Sale at 12 noon £J- The undersigned, having purchased, under of Waterloo Ho'ise, Wallaroo, amounting to Two Thousand Ono Hundred and Thirteen Pounds Sixteen. Shillings ana , Fourpencc (£?-., 113 16.v 4d.), at a discount of 34 per ueut., or about 7s. in the pound off wholesale prices, are -now clearing out tho' same without reserve. The Stock, was purchased from tho best wholesale houses in the city, and will be sold considerably under their prices ; therefore the community-. will- find thk an opportunity of- purchasing' such as rarely occurs. ^-Jno. BALLAsmE H Co., 38, ltuudle-f treet. -352c-3 