THE CAMBRIA SAPPHO YACHT RACES. [From The Times, May 19th.] The triangular race between those two yachts, over a total distance on the three angles of 60 miles, was sailed on Tuesday off the Isle of Wight, and won by the American yacht, which has thus proved the victor in all three of the matches sailed by her with the Cambria, the umpires having declared the Sappho the winner of the silver cup in the second 60 miles course, round Cherbourg breakwater from the Nab lightship and back, in which she walked over the course on Saturday last, the Cambria having refused to start, for the asserted reason that the course was not dead to windward, and therefore contrary to the articles of agreement. As, however, the umpires gave the course, and signalled the vessels to 'go, it seems impossible that the umpires should have done otherwise than confirm their own decisions on the day of the race, when the matter was subsequently brought before them in the form of a protest from the Cambria, or that the referee should have failed to agree with the umpires under the circumstances. The course selected by the umpires-round Cherbourg breakwater and back was not dead, to windward, whereas the course not selected but available-round the Shambles lightship-was, dead to windward, but this is all that can now be said. When the owners of the Cambria and Sappho delegated their powers each to a rope sontative umpire they personally ceased to have any further voice in the matter and find simply to obey orders, or, as the Cambria has done, lose the race. However, to leave this unpleasant subject and to return to the fact of Tuesday, the yachts weighed from Cowes Roads at 5 o'clock in the morning, were taken in tow by the Vectis and Gem steamers for the Nab lightship, off the east end of the Isle of Wight, and on reach- ing the lightship were cast off from the towing warps and clothed with their canvas for the race. The wind was from W.S.W., a rather light whole sail breeze. The Cambria set mainsail, foresail, staysail and jib, and square- headed fore and maintopsail. The Sappho had on her mainsail, foresail, staysail, inner and outer jib, and fore and main jib-headed topsails. An enormous topsail was first sent up, but this was rather too big to carry aloft on a wind, and it was therefore sent down again and a working sub-leader substituted for it. The courses given from the umpires' steamer to the yachts when the latter were ready to start wore No. 1, W.S.W. ; No. 2, S.E. A E. j No. 3, N. JE. ; 20 miles each course. Wind at starting, W. S. W., a, moderately light full sail breeze. From the starting point off the Nab lightship the lightship bore N, | W., and the Culvors W. R N. At the end of the windward or first course, where the Vectis steamer, with the umpires, would be found as the mark vessel for the yachts to sail round, St Catherine's bore N. N.B., the Needles N. by W. i W" and Forolnnd Farm, on Bom bridge Road, N.E. by E., just open of Dunnoso At 8 a.m. the preparatory gun was fired from the umpires' steamer, and 15 minutes afterwards the starting gun, and the yachts were off' on the starboard tack, the Cambria being on the, weather of the Sappho, stem and stem, and about 60ft. only separating them. After the yachts had been sent away the Vectis stormed. on? from the land to pick up her position at the end of the W. S.W. course for the yachts to round, and the Gem at the same time steamed off south. to anchor in a position for the yachts to round at the end of S.E. N E. course on the second angle of the race. It was not to be expected that a long, swift vessel, such as the Sappho, would remain long under the lee of a shorter vessel, and, in,-! deed, she soon gave indications of drawing out from under the Cambria. The latter, immediately this became evident, went about on the opposite tack, and stood in for Bainbridge Point, but the Sappho put her helm down at the same time and followed the other's manoeuvres. Both tacked again under the Lodge at 13 minutes past nine, the wind freshening a little, and the Sappho, which had already weathered the Cambria, loading off the land by nearly a cable's distance But short attacks along the Isle of Wight shove wore the Cambria's game, so long as she could play it, with her longer and more powerful rival, and very soon after standing off from the Lodge she was about again and hood- ing in for the cliffs midway between the Lodge and Colors, the. Sappho reporting every man centre and hanging determinedly on the other's weather. Tack for tack the two worked together round the Colors, and on standing into Sundown Bay the Sappho led by nearly half a mile. In the long board male from the rivers to the red cliffs west of Sun- down she had an opportunity of exhibiting her speed, which was not neglected by those on, board. As they got well into the bay the wind slightly freshened, and, chanting the tide, they both continued their board through on the port tack, until they went about under the rod cliffs, where both stood off again, the Sappho at three minutes to 10, and the Cambria seven and a half minutes later. Just previous to the latter going about, the wind somewhat broke off her in one of the hills, but she was kept on, and sailed assist in with the beach as was safe with "* her draught of water, and this was followed by short attacks along the edge of the shoals on HH J , , ' = Sparkling. The Sappho tried to avoid this kind of work by trusting to her speed in long boards off the land, but the lee-going tide soon ended this, and she was tacked in under the land to join the Cambria, which was not improving her position greatly by the judicious manner in which same was being sailed and peculiar fitness for the work she was doing. The Guinevere, schooner, scurrying the pendant of the Commodore of the Royal Victoria Yacht Club, was in company, and seemingly failing at her best. Comparing the Cambria's progress with hers, the former was certainly sailing much better than she did in her last race with the (Sappho on the 10th instant, and was now gaining sensibly upon her. with 40 miles of a free wind to finish the race with, it was not to be expected that the Cambria could win the race, but she might take first and chiefest honours by beating her rival to windward, and to this end all the efforts of her captain, pilot, and crew were now directed. At 20 minutes to 11 the Cambria tacked from close under Luccombe China for a short board off to clear some rocks lying inshore. Three minutes off was enough to accomplish this, and then she was about again, and pulling immensely on the Sappho, which had not quite made up her mind for such risky work. At 1955 the Cambria made her great coup. The Sappho had now joined fairly with her in working thus up along shore, for to have left her any longer would have been giving the race away to the nimble and) slippery Britisher, and both met on opposite tacks under the Uuuchurch cliffs. The little one came out on the starboard tack, classing up to the wind, and spinning along in the (style which made her fame as a racing creek two years ago. The Sappho came in on the port tack in all her beauty and stateliness, and with 1' power" written, speaking metaphorically, on every inch of her hull and sails. But her power, her stateliness. and her beauty now availed her nothing. The other had to avenge a former defeat, and did so unmistakably for sailing right across the Sappho's shows, her helm was then instantly put down, and there lay the haughty Sappho, jammed dead to leeward by her losses but waspish rival, and both heading in for the land within conversational distance as that the situation could be fully as well as fairly appreciated. It was splendidly done, and the Sappho was in " limbs." On tacking off from the land again the Cambria was not to be enticed on a long board for the chance of exhibiting the distinguished prisoner she had in charge, as in doing so the prisoner might possibly escape by length of legs, and so went about again for the shore, the Sappho perforce following suit for now, fairly in the toils, there was no reasonable hope of escape so' long as the Cambria acted perfectly her self-imposed part of custodian, until this dreadfully exasperating short board in its continuous application was abandoned. A thick fog now suddenly descended from the top of the high downs at the back of Bouchurch and Ventnor upon the coast-line and the adjacent water ; the yachts were working over to windward for St. Catherine's point, and the Cambria nearly come to sudden and serious grief in oonBe<i<ienco. In tacking in about two miles as it was supposed, for the coast when close aboard could only be seen in very dim put-' line through the fog- her keel at the after part struck the ground twice heavily, and for a few seconds hung there but the brave craft fortunately slipped over the rock and swung round safely, and off on the opposite tack. The fog thickened still more, and when each vessel was seen from the other as they chanced to tack in company, or cross each other on opposite tacks, it was only momentarily, and then with grand ghost-like effects as each flashed thus suddenly upon the other from out the gray wall of fog. Still both stuck to the land, the Cambria from a determination to carry on, the winning game to the uttermost, and the Sappho from a determination not to lose her small but dangerous rival while engaged upon such special work, but to wait till the time, which must come eventually, arrived for a long reach from off the land for the mark-steamer. Nothing was seen of Ventnor as the yachts worked past, but a glimpse was obtained, of. Pelham Cove and St. Lawrance, and the great fog-horn at St. Catherine's, which had been heard some time before, gave the direction of the point and Rockton-road. Fourteen successive tucks the Cambria made to windward of the Sappho between Bonchurch cliffs and St. Catherine's, and just as the last was being made the fog lifted suddenly, and, with the granite light tower on St. Catherine's CLOse to on their port bow, the yachts emerged from fog world to the view of the umpires and the company on board the Vectis in all the pride and glory of taunt spars and well-fitting sun-gilded sails. Fourteen times find the Cambria tacked successfully and continuously on the weather of the Sappho between Bonchurch and St. Catherine's, but now came the chance of the Cambria. The mark-boat lay about seven and a-half miles off St. Catherine's, and from the last lack made under the point the yachts had to stretch off into Ore Channel on a long reach for the steamer to complete the first angle of the course in the 20 miles beat to windward. Now that the fog was gone the yachts got a steadier and a fresher breeze, and they hummed along superbly through the smooth water, length of keel under sail power now telling its inevitable tale, the Sappho as the two drew from the land fore reaching and weathering upon the Cambria. At two minutes past 1 p.m. both went about again on the port tack, the Sappho coming out on the weather quarter of the English schooner, and ten minutes afterwards changed again to the starboard tack to fetch round the steamer, which was accomplished by the Sappho at the. 15m. 50s,. I Cambria, at the. Mm. 30s. A mistake had been committed by the Cambria is making one of her attacks after getting clear of a fog, and this mistake materially aided in making up the three minutes and forty seconds the Sappho scored ahead of her in passing round the mark-boat. Another and still more serious felt by the Cambria, as compared with the Action of the Sappho, acting under like circumstance,, EACH the slowness with which her sail was got aloft and set for running before the wind over the second and third angles of the course. This Sappho got all hours aloft and drawn in, an almost over to the short space of time, but in proportion as she had been quick the Cambria Bros slow. There is this reason, however, to be given by the disparity of time in piling up the canvas on the vessels ; the Sappho's was got aloft day's first-rate crew of racing seamen, who have served aboard the Cambria, Aline, Oininro, Condor, and other smart English craft during the past two years ; while the present crew of (ho Cambria had not worked together on board her before in any race prior to her two matches with the Sappho. This difference of time in rounding the mark beat, and the long time the Cambria took to set her large canvas, gave the Sappho a large lead over the second angle of the course, and by the time the former had got up her " balloons," "equates, " water," " ringtails' find other flying sails aloft, the Sappho was car * rying alone; with her the last of a now falling same, and leaving her rival to pick up stray airs and calms. ' By 3 p.m. the wind had inclined a little more to the southward, being now right abeam to starboard, and the yachts still managed to slip , along pretty fast under their immense clouds of sail. All interest in the race, to all those on board; the uno having a strong lead of the other now became concentrated in speculative opinion as to the distance being gained or lost by each. Later in the race on this angle it became evident, , AS had been fully anticipated, that the Cumbria was, by comparison, much too short and small a Vessel to compete with the Sappho over two successive courses of t warp ty miles each with the wind abaft the beam. At 4 p. in, the Cambria fell in with very light winds, and was barely able to stem the tide that was now running strongly ff> leeward of her course. The Sappho kept the fast of the dying breeze in her sails, and youngest the Gem steamer, the second mark vessel, at 4h. 54m. 40s., gybing over her \- main boom as she starboarded her helm, from the Gem the Sappho started on the last 20 miles run in for the starting station off the Nab on the back of the tide, and managed to finish by passing the mark-boot, with the umpires, at 45 minutes past 8 p.m. The Cambria fell into a succession of stark calms and paltry airs of wind, and all her ringtails, jMta£fjai|s, balloons, and other fancy canvas were of no avail in getting her along. The ebb tide came down upon her bows and carried her mercilessly back in the direction she had come, and it was not until one-and- a-half minute past 9 pm- that she managed to get round the second mark-boat. The third, or finishing, mark never was passed by her, for she became the prey of the windless tides in her after endeavours to reach the Nab, and drifted wherever they chose to carry her, The umpires took the Vectis steamer out to search for her, and in this helpless and dispiriting state she was found, taken in tow, and anchored in Cowes Roads at about a quarter-past 2 o'clock yesterday. The race was to race at all after the twenty miles dead boat to windward had finished and the first mark-boat I'oundvd, but up to that point it was one of the most interesting and best contested matches ever sailed in English waters. The Cambria renewed her fame of two years ago in tackling and thrashing the Sappho in the gallant way she did in working up under the shore between Dunnose and St. Catherine's. But we believe that, under no circumstances, could she have decisively beaten the great American. More than this-in regard to the racing qualifications of the Sappho as she now floats, with all her alterations to hull, spars, and sails, there is probably no schooner yacht in England that could equal her on every point of sailing. The Sappho, throughout her matches with the Cumin ia, has been handled very smartly by on English captain and crew, under the direction of Captain Fish, of New York, who has carried out the alterations to her hull, L, and supervised a" that has been done in this country to her. 