Wallaroa Ciiiifi WALLAROO: WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 4. THE coarse the Legislature is pursuing in its treatment of the Land Policy of the present Government-supposing that the Groveri^ment has a Land Policy--has atleast one distinguishing merit. It is con sistent with that which the wisdom of Hon. members dictates upon most matters in trusted to their discretion, and it exactly conforms to the precedents ifyey haye, for the most part, set up on former occa sions when dealing with the public es tate. That there should be twenty new members in the House makes very little difference in its quality-none that we! know of excepting that between tagrag and bpbtaii. On Thursday, Hon. mem bers wbo spoke condemned the land bill almost from first line to last. Excepting from the Treasury Benches not a single word was heard in its favor. Guilty, was the unanimous verdict. But this bad bill,-and it is a very bad one, the worst that has yet seen the light,-was, by the common consent of the speakers, to be read a second time. Either ; through cowardice or entire apathy to duty, what they condemn with their voices they in tend to sanction by their votes. The Commissioner of Crown Lands moved the second reading, despite the protest of Mr ALEXAKDEB IJAT, who, prescient that circumstances were about to compel him to illustrate the course taken by \yeakminded men in emergencies, begged for delay. Mr HAY felt that the Bill was a bad one, but he .dared not to take upon himself the responsibility of voting against it unlesB he felt certain of moral' support from outside. There can be little question who was forcing the Commis sioner to make the running on this occa sion. What Mr HAT would have done, had he understood the game, was to have gone to the Premier and with him plead ed for delay. Mr HABT knows as Well as we do that if the Ministerial Bill were before the country a month before the second reading took place his interest in the Treasurership would not be worth one weekB purchase. His strategy was therefore to rush the Bill through its first two stages ; and Mr HAT interceed ing with the Commissioner, was as a sea man praying to a gale. Two members of the Government spoke on the occasion, the Commissioner and the Attorney General , and their speeches were charac teristic and worthy of the men. The Commissioner has been to* England, and has probably heard some of the great masters of Parliamentary eloquence at Westminster. As a child's squirt is to a fountain, or the light of a candle to that of the sun, so iB A£r ABTHUB BLYTH to those orators, who, he is impressed with the conviction he eqqals, or exceeds. The Constitution Act, said he, had given to the colony the very great and valuable privilege of the control, disposal, and 1 treatment of the Waste Iiands, and all legislation affecting them entailed very considerable responsibility. This sonor ous sentence, which, certainly, does something towards making up by sound what Mr BLTTH lacks in sense, was a fit ting introduction to a speech recommend ing that the "valuable privilege" re ferred to should be treated as if it were dirt, and that the method of *4 control, disposal, and treatment of the Waste Lands" should be one, compared with which a general scramble would be a fair and equitable partition. Then Mr BLYTH proceeded, strong in argument as he was great at declamation. A system of clas eification, said he, must necessarily pro duce dissatisfaction as there would al ways be a feeling that the £3 land was put in the £2 class, and the £2 into the £1 class. We should have imagined that the purchasers of £,2 land would not be 80 much dissatisfied if they obtained land worth £3 ; and, if they did, the remedy would be in their own hands as they could pay the additional £1; or, at the offset, they might have refused to purchase ; but we bow to Mr Blyth. 'We axe not very clear what he meant, and, we sus pect he was not; but, he may have meant us to infer that the sellers would be dis satisfied, in which case we should submit, that sellers, as a rule, would prefer £2 to nothing at all-the fix Mr Blyth in tends to put them in. It would, we sup pose, be Mr Bltth*s natural modesty that led him to say " it was not a good thing for the Government to derive from the land a revenue largely in excess of their expectations." Unless " their expects tionB " should be on a far more moderate scale than Mr Bath's reputed self-esti mate there is not t ie slightest fear of any such untoward event occurring as that he alluded to. But it was in Mr BLTTH's peroration that, if it were possible, he ex celled himself. There we caught a glimpse -a sort of beatified bird's -eye view-of the great man's future. The Ministry and the Legislature, trustees and conser vators of the public estate, were actuated by some " higher and better objects and motives," than realizing the fair value of this eBtate. ' So, it would appear; but what would a judge and jury say to trus tees thus minded ? Believing, Mr BLYTH said, as he did, that this Land Bill would promote some, " greater, better, higher, and more important objects," than secur ing a few shilling per acre for the land, he asked that the bill might paaB. We submit that it is not kind of Mr BLYTH to place us in the dilemma he did by this manyradjectived appeal. If we accept his statement we are compelled to the belief that he is one of the blindest and most benighted of men. If, on the other hand, we refuse to swallow this mixture of bathos and bombast, we arrive at the heart-breaking conclusion that an " es teemed relative " has been telling fibs. The speeech of the Attorney-General I on behalf of the measure-one that we ! value in proportion to its disinterested nature--brought out into strong relief the remarkable contrast that there is, in one respect, between the late administra tion and the present one. In tke STBAJTG WAYS Ministry , the Attorney-General towered, in intellectual pre-eminence, a head and shoulders above most of his colleagues. Under the HAET dispensa. tion the Attorney-General is but the " boy in buttons " of the Ministry, with all the consequence gentlemen of this de gree of merit generally assume. Conse quently, Mr BAKES rose " to point out a few of the provisions of the Bill for the benefit of hon. members who said they had not had time to read and thoroughly understand it." Mr E. C. BAKEE rose to, what his vulguarly termed, "teach his grandmother to suck eggs." The manner | in which our colonial Solon accomplished his self-appointed task was unique. We have, in a previous article, alluded to the equitable proposal of the Government to allow selectors, who maybe loafers and the very scum of society, to pick out the best land at one price, after which the re fuse will be offered to capitalists, and in dustrious thrifty colonists who have saved some money, at an advanced figure Mr BAKEB, endeavoured to set this matter straight. He believed ten annual pay ments of 2s each would be about equal to 16s cash down. But then, what Mr BAKES believes, and what happens to be fact, may be widely different affairs. If this was what Mr BAKER learned at Cam bridge, both his time and his father's money were thrown away when he, was sent to college. We submit, that at the current rate of interest in the colony 2s per annum is very little over the interest upon 16s. Mr BAKEE says it is more, considering the rate the Government can borrow money at. We say that this consideration is totally unconnected with the question at issue. It is the selectors who, (fe facto, borrow the money. And this leads us up to one very weak point in the Government Land Bill. ! The Commissioner of Crown Lands ! veiled partly, and partly misrepresented, a truth when he said the design of the Ministry and the Parliament was " to give to persons who wished to settle upon and cultivate, the land the first choice, and, with this view, to impose such res trictions as to prevent those not belong ing to this category from availing them selves of the privileges by right and law conferred upon the cultivator," The effect of the Ministerial Bill, should it be carried, will be, not to give a certain class of persons, who may or may not be des erving of the privilege, the first choice of the land, but actually, the land. Whether Parliament does or does not choose to admit the fact, the truth is there is a considerable quantity of land in the colony worth more than 20 per acre to the bona Jide cultivator. This is evidenced by the selection that has taken place in the Narracoorte area. To alien ate this land for ten annual payments of 2s e ch is really to give it away, when the in terest onlyupon its value,has been paid for 10 years. jp0r, high interest is but another name for bad security. On what prin ciple then of justice or equity can the Government give away the national es tate to persons, both deserving and un deserving ? And upon what principles of right or- fairness can it turn money len der; at either the current or a lower rate of interest, to one portion of the commu nity, or to immigrants arriving ? If land is to be given away to immigrants, or money lent to them, why are the indus trious inhabitants of the colony, quite as useful in their way as the farmers, to be left out in the cold ? A. far more equit able plan would be to divide tfye public estate between the colonists, pro rata on the term of their residence here. But the Government proposes not only to give the estate away, in which each colonist is interested, but to augment the taxes paid by the one class in order to make up the deficit caused by this improvident and imprudent generosity. Instead of the Government fostering thrift, instead of encouraging the ac cumulation of capital, a premium is placed on improvidence, by the steady and in dustrious men who has become a capita list being actually legislated against and placed at a disability in favor of the loafer who has perhaps swallowed hundreds of acres of land, or the fraudulant bank rupt who has fattened on the exertions of his honest and hardworking creditors? The actual fact 1b the Bill has been devised and drafted under the auspices of such inordinate incapacity, that it is in the favor of the bankrupt and the impecu neous rather than in that of laborious, diligent, and reputable colonists. It is' calculated to attract only the the 'in digent, and to create indigence rather than wealth in the colony. The popu lation it will retain will be those who ruined by it, and in conse quence of it, cannot leave the colony. The population it will attract will be merely those who, having no money, will be well calculated to minister and add to the pauperism tbere is in the colony. To believe, as Ml* BLYTH professes, that far mers with two or three hundred pounds in their pockets will come fyere to be placed on an equality with neighbours who have not a cent, and to be subjected to the periodical visits of a Government in spector-a man probably with as much, (it would be impossible to have more,) ig norance and vanity as his superiors-on what ought to be freehold property, is a species of infatuation peculiar to the Treasury Benches. If the Commissoner had included amongst those," higher, better, greater, and important objects" alluded to in the latter part of his speech, that of himself and colleagues to drynuree the Treasury at no matter what expense to the country, there would have been one real to several fictitious ones. / Ma EBENEZEB. WAHB M.P., true to the instincts of many men wlio have no capi tal, is very anxious to levy a contribution I upon the eatateB of capitalists who, having wealth at their disposal, have invested it in real estate in this colony. And, to do him justice he moved a resolution to this effect in a speech that was calculated to i have an imposing effect in more senses than one. For the nonce he had dabbled a little in political economy. He had crammed for the occasion; and his ex aminers, not having any learning of their own to confront with his, were forced to admit that he had conducted his case in a rather more profound manner than they could oppose to him. Into abstract ques tions of rent, interest, and capital they politely declined to follow him, at the same time indicating the profound respect they entertained for words so strung toge ther as to be hopelessly beyond the reach of their intelligence. But if they knew very little of abstract questions involving the theories of taxation they felt that it { was desirable they should understand what they really were doing before they again ' followed such a luminary as Mr WARD. And the hon. member, divining that the feeling of the House was against him, withdrew his motion, thus having gained merely a sort of quasi triumph. Accura tely to sum up the result of the debate would be to say that Mr WABD illustrat ed the old saw, " a little knowledge is a dangerous thing." Hon. members, on the contrary, shewed that the vis inertia of pure and unadulterated ignorance may sometimes act usefully as a drag upon specious, but deceptive reform. The only argument advanced against Mr WABD'S verbiosity was contained in the pointer rejoinder of Mr- DDFFIELD. Mr WABD had alluded ta what might happen if his motion were carried. Absentee landlords, Baid be, might sell their estates. In that case, Ba,id Mr DUFFIE&D; the motion would defeat itself as there would be nothing to levy a tax upon. It seems that Mr WABD had promised his constituents lie would bring this matter forward ; and there were people, said he, who regarded such promises as mere clap trap. To this Mr DUFFIELD said " Hear, hear." Mr Vim then said he should be ashamed to advocate upon the hustings that which be was not prepared to justify and support in the House. We do not see that the House is in any way concerned with what Mr "WARD might or might not be ashamed t& do. Whether a provision that it should take cognisance of the pec cadilloes of its members might not be beneficially inserted in the Constitution Act IB quite another question. Then Mr WABD managed to tag on to a few of his sentences some pickings and parings from books pn political economy. His propo sition if carried, was to have the effect of decreasing the rate of interest in the colony for " the value of interest depend ed solely, he understood, upon the supply and demand for loans, not upon the sup ply of capital available for investment in the purchase of real estate." We, perhaps ignorantly, thought that investors in real property were occasionally borrowers. We thought we had heard of mortgages ; but perhaps we were mistaken. Mr Wabd continued "if absentee proprietors sold their estates, consequently realizing a large sum of money, which was now in* vested in real estate, and, looking forano* ther source of investment, placed that money in the loan market, it would have the effect of reducing the rate of interest in the money market instead of increasing it.". In the spirit of the view we expressed above we should again have imagined that for there to be sellers there must also be buyers, and the buyers would probably be in the money market in much the some ratio as the sellers were, unlesB Mr WARD called down capital for them from above, or, what is perhaps more pro bable, up from beneath. But we let thiB pass, merely remarking, that Mr Ward is a more thoughtful man than we supposed. We should have imagined that the rate of interest was of very little consequence to him. The cream of Mr Wabd's argument was drawn entirely, we believe, from the depths of hie own consciousness, for it has not the remotest relation to any book on . political economy we are acquainted with. He said he(< was not seeking to ta* capital invested upon loan in South Australia for the purpose of productive enterprise. lie held that was very different to capital in vested iu real estate." And further he said it" used to be said if they began to tax the possessors of real property they must tax bondholders as veil; but that would be an absurdity, because if they place a tax upon the amount which was lent it would attach a loner value to their bonds by reducing the rate at which they would be epid. He said while they should be very glad to receive foreign capital fop the prosecution of useful public works, he did not think tKey should begladtoh^e that capital invested in their real estate." Again, we find, we have been totally at sea, unless Mr Wa$d Bad a double enteadr# meaning, This, however, we entirely acquit him of. It' is as much as the hoQ. member can do to find one meaning for much that he- aaja, let alone two. It seemed to us, and (there are many other persons equally benighted,) that when the G-overflment received the money of absentees in exchange for land, this money really atid truly,was realized for the purpose of being used for reproduc tive works. If so, and we have a distinct recollection of an Act called Sutherland's which disposes of the proceeds derived from the sales of Waste LiandB, who would, beside Mr Wabd, draw the dis tinction between the man who advances money upon laud or the man who lends upon Government securities? But the one process Mr WABDIB anxious to stop, and the other he thinks is worthy of en couragement. Now, if he had Baid he was anxious to stop any money being ex- - pended on reproductive works we could have believed him. There the repro ductive works initiated in the colony, would, we suspect, be ffew in number, if Mr "Weed's votes all took effect. The other way in which we perceive that it is possible to attach a meaning to what the hon. member said, is, that virtually, the money received from the sales of Waste Land has not been applied to re productive works by that Legislature of which he ia so bright an ornament. And this view is certainly borne out by proceed ings at the Northern Territory, Port Wakefield, and elsewhere. Further, as he does not consider that the capital in vested on real estate has been applied to reproductive works, he may have a shrewed suspicion that tuch will not be the case in the future. As far as we are able to judge, it probably would not. It might go into the pockets of Bome great contractors, and from thence, who sliali tell the strange tale whither ? But, we contend, Mr Wjlbd having in some way attempted to constitute himself keeper of the mace for the House, should not first give a lecture on political economy that neither he nor hon. members com prehended the meaning of, and then stuck into this lecture sentences, from which inferences may be drawn, having a ten dency to be derogatory to both past an d future Legislatures. MB Gttodall'e surrey party met with an old hermit under Ben Lomond, Tasmania. He had. a grizlj beard hanging down to the middle of his body, and his toe naito were long and curved. He was dressed in badger skins. It was some time before he appeared to understand what was eaid to him. It was however elicited that be had been there for 12 years, and had not Been a white man for the past six jean. He did not give any ac count of who he was, or whj he had selected sucl& a solitary life. Monday's Melbourne Telege graph remarks: "Slither the police are most conscientiously carrying out tho minute of the Chief Secretary regarding Sunday liquor traffic, or else the fear of the lav ifi quite sufficient for the publicans. The houses yesterday were all hermetically closed to . ereryone bat lodgers, bat it was to be remarked that* lodgers' have been more numerous in Mel beurne than they hare ever been even in the j memory of * the oldest inhabitant,' " A little boy's definition of punishment for tel ling lies, when asked about the nature of an oath i at the Ballarat Eastern Police-court, proved very ; amusing. All he knew about " a future state of j -rewards and punishments," seemed to be that if j lie told a lie he would get "hammered." His evi. j denoe was rejected. QxEiosa gives promise of becoming a haren of rest to those of the fair sex who have failed to find suitable mates elsewhere. At a meeting in that town of the Young Men's Christian Association it was decided that it was good to many young, and many of the benedicts announced their in tention to tie the knot as soon as suitable part ners were found-a hint which, the Advertiser says, should rejoice the hearts of some of the mar riageable young women of &eelong.; WE (Border Watch) understand the Binnwn Binnum wool realised np to Is 5d per lb. in the grease, in the last London wool sales. IT is to be feared (says a Victorian contempor ary) that there are many laymen who read and preach on a Sunday what they do not practice. A angular instance, as carrying out this assertion, occurred a few weeks ago, when a lay reader, re siding under twenty miles from Geelong, spoke of the wickedness of doing any work -on a Sabbath, and then went home and ordered several of his men to go out into the bush 'to fetch wood with which to burn lime or bricks. MB T. Wright, formerly manager of the Na tional Bank, Melbourne, has sailed for England in the Superb. He takes the management of the National. THE last of the Lightning will soon be removed from the fairway in Corio Bay. On the 12th and 14th inst. a final series of explosions were brought off, which it is believed have had the desired ef- fect of so breaking up the heavy keel as to render it now an easy matter to bring the whole of the remaining portions of the wreck on shore piece- meal. The Adelaide correspondent of the Australa sian, writes as follows.-I thought we had done . with the Indian shipments, but the idea waB un just to Lord Mayo'e perseverance. He favoured us first with his private opinion, which was flat tering. The consignees of the cargo favoured us with theirs, which was a damper, especially where it involved quotations. Now a select committee have sat at Fort William, and summed up the evidence on every individual venture. Their re port, which arrived by last mail, is a cross be tween of Lord Mayors optimism and the pessim ism of Messrs. Gilianders, Arbutbnot, and Co. On the wheat and flour it beetows the highest commendation within the range of an Anglo Indian vocabulary. The one is '* nearly equal to thobest quality of American and Cape flour." If so there must be some indifferent judges at Mark-lane, where the comparison has hitherto lain quite the other way. The wheat is" equal \- to the best fiatoa Doodia and far superior to the wheat usually sold in the bazar for the commis sariat department." The committee are judging by a standard of their own here, which regards riutritive power more than quality. From a trial grinding of South Australian and Patna Doodia they ascertained that a maund (821b.) contained £9}lb. and 681b. respectively of breadstuff ; bran, 16$lb. and I2flb. Hie waste in tbe native sam ple was consequently less than in the South Aus tralian, and to this the committee must refer when they place the prize wheat of the world as a good second to commissariat grain. But their valuation is much "more agreeable than their ana lysis. It reckons the wheat at 4 rupees 14 annas per maundy-equal to 7s. 4d. per bushel; and the flour at 5 rupees 8 annas per maund, nearly £13 lGs. per ton. The consignees agents reverse those conditions of quality and value. They be stow more praise and less money than the com mittee. The prices fixed on some of the samples, 4 to fi annas per lb., are shown to be out of pro portion to the actual purchases of the commis sariat, which were made at a third of that figure. In prices generally the committee have overrated the trade, sotaetimes to an absurd degree. The preserved meat of the Adelaide Company is ticketed at 10 to 12 annas per lb. (16d. to i3d.)> while the agents find it slow of sale at 4 annas. Jams at a rupee per lb. are said to be fully a third above their saleable value. Our vignerons would willingly give the select committee a good commission to sell the sample wines at their own valuation, 12 to IB rupees per dozen. The agents complain of the market being so overstocked that ?ales are difficult to effect on any terms. They propose to accelerate a clearance by sending the remainder to auction, and probably by next mail the finaLacoount sales will be forwarded. The few items in the shipment which are hopefully regarded both at Calcutta and Fort William are wheat, flour, biscuits, butter, soap, and jams. All thne articles would bs reliable enough of sale for private consignment, and the confessedly low price which the sample lots realized would be improvable m course of regular trade. I® ""ting of the gradual march towards ex tinction of the Maori race, the Warrarspa paper says, with, peculiar pity :-" Although the num bers are decreasing in nearly the same proportion here as in other parte of the island, still this de crease is very slow, and unless some such misfor tune as small- pox or other epidemic should occurr we are afraid few of us now-living will witness the ' last living specimen of the race.'" It is so very seldom that a man dies and comes to life again a short time afterwards that when a startling fact similar to this does occur it is generally worth chronicling. It seems, ac cording to the Colac Observer, that a man named Samuel Talbot, a laborer, residing in Colac, be coming suddenly indisposed, the services of Dr Rae were called in, and after the usual medical inspection the man was ordered to bed, and the doctor departed to obtain the necessary remedies. Then a message was sent to him that Talbot had suddenly shuffled off this mortal coil; and be lieving the statement to be true, though some what surprised, he drew out the necessary cer tificate stating the cause of death. The friends of the supposed deceased man immediately took the necessary steps for the funeral, the undertaker and the registrar of deaths having been informed of the mournful event, and no doubts chuckling at the thought that business in their line was looking up. In the house where Talbot was laid " straight out upon his bed," was {gathered a number of women, and morning and lamentation could be heard, the friends weeping for the poor man, and would not be comforted, when lo ! Talbot opened his eyes, and stared around him. With marvellous surprise at the scene the women screamed, and covered their faces, forming all manner of thoughts about ghosts; and it was afterwards found that Talbot had merely swoon ed away, and had been in a sort of a trance for a number of hours. The undertaker was compelled to desist making the coffin, the registrar des troyed his certificate, and the doctor indulged himself with a hearty good laugh. The joy of the friends can, of course, be better imagined than described. 