Tpji'.13j»rd of Agsieulfcr trCj at its TOeet ing. on Wedneadiiy^ia making its final p-joparations for givinf , up t^e ^^ in rv becoming msoiaer, arranged a few things which ha-£ ren jained to be dia poaed of at th» la? .b moment. These are matters whioh, with. one exception, do not call fw? aa; j special notice. The gap occasions*! b; f tlio disappearance of the board is a . matter for grave con sideration. B ,ufc before referring to this, we rauat give a passing glance at ttio subject, 7 .finch, aa we stated, had an exception .al value amongst tho last acts of tb e board. Having carried out, in a very successful manner, an exte7jsive and complete compe titive exhibition of Australian wines — those that came from Sydney and A-d«laide, aa ?well aa from oar own colony — the board adopted a sensible oourse m appropriating a small portion of the fund stil). at its disposal to the object of obtaining the opinion of ex perts in Em-opo upon tho exhibits. There was nevertheless some objection offered to this rational proposal j and, strange .to say, the objection had its origin amongst somo of the exhibi tors, or tha.r fiiends on the board. We wish to direct attention to the matter chiefly bocauso one of the members of' the board hit the point of the matter with predawn, when he mud that tho unwillingness of B*rae of tho exhibitors to allow their c^ir.^lfcs to be sent to Europe admitted of one construction only, namely, that thoir .winea had. been got. up, in a temporary s'ato of perfection merely for the pur pose of obtaining prizes, and that such winea would not 'endure long keeping or a sea voyage. This simply ex presses in a moro direct ' manner what is an undefined goneral impres sion in the trade and amongst the public. And it is of particular Value as coming from one of the board, and not from any outsider whose motives might bo liable to be mis construed. The public generally es perionce disappointment at the barren results of all the numerous competi tive displays and awards of prizes amongst wine exhibitors for years past, for the natural fruit of these should havo been an abundunt supply of superior wines in the market. This su perior supply, however, is aa yet an un fulfilled want. Rewarding producers of samples which aro not followed up by large and continuous merchantable supplies as good as tho Bamples, is simply trifling with the subject, and playing at wino production. And ex hibitors themselves should be glad of the opportunity, aa tho public at large undoubtedly would be, of having it proved by the experienced experts of tlio English market, that the winea in question are aa excellent from the British merchant's point of view, ns they aro from our own Austra lian stand-point.. It is, therefore, satis factory that the exhibits aro to bo for warded to Europe for the opinion of skilled people there. With this last characteristic act, the board may be considered to have finally quitted existence. la its vacant place to know no suc cessor, no substitute 1 Although it may seem ungracious to nay it, we niUHt nevertheless give expression to the belief that, if no more practically useful body were to succeed it, it would be better that it should have no succps sor. But wo think it is very possible to originate another society that would infinitely surpass in all respects the de funcfi body. In that case, however, the new creation should originate and subsist in a mannpr wholly difierent from the late board. The latter may be remembered now for the pur pose of serving aa a warning against any repetition of the fatal mistakes connected with the constitution of the board. It had an artificial life and a false foundation from the beginning. It was the creature of Government funds ; Government favor was the breath of its nostrils. It had moreover no clearly defined and profitable mission to work out ; and there was an utter ab soncoof broad purpose or original views in its conception and design. It would, in f ict, be difficult to say for the pro motion of what particular object in connection with agriculture, the forma tion of the board was devised and carried out. The only practical thing it was in tho habit of doine was that of distributing to country societies the funds which the Government were willing to put at its dis posal. But this could have been done much better and moro eco nomically by a clerk in the Chief Secretary's office. All this must be avoided in the future, if a now and im oroved societv is to arise out of the ashea of the board. Voluntary exer tion, tlie resolve on tho part of tho agricultural community to form an or ganisation that will fulfil the wants and the' desires of the cultivators of the soil, in all 'things which concern the progress and presperity of agriculture, — this is what must inspire and guide the ' establishment of a body which will more than replace tho defunct board. It must, too, for the mest part, be self-supporting. When its members pay their own way independently of the Government, when they clearly comprehend what the obiect 13 for which they pay, they will soon consti tute a (practically useful body to pro mote the interests sf agriculture. And they will moreover then bo in a posi tion to merit and obtain tho aid of the Government, given not in money merely, but in various other 1 way» more -valuable tllan money. ' , We pointed out not long since how th» Government here- might with advan tage follow the example of the United States Government in its official recognition of tit© interests of agricul ture. With sucb a self-sustained society aa we now refer to, emanating from the asrioulturiots themselves, Tw©3enfc ing itself as a basis to operate iipon, the Government could lend aid which would be truly advantageous, instead of being ruinous, as it was in tho ci-.so of the Agricultural Board. It is pre mature now to enlarge further' on this topic. But enough has been, said to point the way towards the formation of an institution which would do ' yeoman's service' in the cause of agricultural development and improve ment in Victoria. The harangue of Supple before sen tence of death was passed upon him does not throw any light upon the question of his sanity or insanity. It rovoals evidence of an ill-regulated rather than of a diseased mind. Ire logic is bad, but not incoherent. Its chief characteristic is the manifestation of a desire, on, the part of Supple to be regarded as a hero, not by any means a raro idiosyncrasy, or one incompatible with porfeot sanity. As there can be nothing so mischievous to society aa ..the disposition ? to elevate the criminal into the hero, this pe culiar feature of the harangue chal lenges attention. From beginning to end it is fuli of self-assertion, and it contains not one word of regret on the part of the criminal for having taken tho life of a man with whom he iad no quarrel. Nor does he seek to shelter himself by the subterfuge ?. that the rmirder was tho result of accident. Weaknesses of that sort would detract from, tho heroic grandeur with which he seeks to surround the deed. ' I ' consider that by my act I have' done ' this eommunitv n. rrnnri strnlrn rlf nnr ' vice.' These were his words, and when it ia remembered' that the ',' act ' was the murder of Walsiie, the grounds for his self-exultation may be imagined. The choice language in which Lo denounces slanderers, affurds a glimpse of his own proficiency in the vulgar tongue, and detracts consider ably from the nobility of his senti ments. He also claims te be a martyr to patriotism. ' Years ago,' ho says, ' I had a ? quarrel with George Paton ' Siimr, on 'account of the scurrilous ' abuse which he heaped upon my ' country, and of which I knew he 'was the writer, and tho cauRe of its 'I being published in The Age. I was at ' tho timo.tho only Irishman on the staff, ' and I felt bound by ail tho ties I held 'sacred to defend my country from his ' scurrilous attacks.' If ho had gone a little more into detail, the mock heroism ho invests himself with would have, disappeared. At the timo he rofers to, Mr. SniTn had left The Aye befero he did, and there, waa no occasion for any strain on tho ' sacred ties' to account for his own departure. There have been at all times as many Irishmen on the staff of The Age as on that of any other paper in the colony. Our only object in calling attention to the mock-horoic characteristic of Supple's harangue, is to counteract the .bad effect which might bo produced by art appeal to the worst passions of the ignorant and excitable of all countries and classes. There are always ad mirers of tho bravado with which very commonplaco criminals talk of the scaffold ; and when an educated man claims hero-worship on tho same score, it would bsmocksentimentality to refrain from expaaing and denouncing the claim, merely because, he who makes it has by his own act placed himself in an unfortunate position. It matters little what may bo done with SuprLE him solf, but hi3 defence must not to al lowed to taint society by acting on minds ill- regulated as his own. There is not in tho Newgate Calendar the record of a crime having less preten sion to heroism than this of Supple's, nor is there to be found a defence manifesting a worse spirit. There is more badness than madness in the mind that could conceive it. Ho says that ho would not havo resorted to assassination if the duel had been allowed here. As the former 13 disallowed aa well as the latter, it must be supposed that he deli berately preferred presenting a re volver, without warning, within a few inches of the heart of the object of his hatred, to giving him notice to defend himself. Such is S-upple's idea of heroism. But it is not for this that ho has been condemned to die. It is for using the same revolver to take the life of a man who, without knowing anything of the quarrel, interposed to prevent the foul play of the assailant. If any one is dispesed to look upon Supple as a hero, let him think on these things, and the interesting criminal will become an object of aversion. 