NEWS BY THE MAIL. The following extracts are from the papers to hand : The San Francisco Alta California gives an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in whioh he had been under treatment :-" The body was deposited in a case whore two other bodies had already been placed, and betweon them. The cover was put on and the keeper of the dead-house retired for the night. About mid- night a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in the dead-house. The keepor of the dead-house was sought after, but, being aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously pronounced ex- tinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, but the next instant the poor German felton the floor in a fit. The physician was sent for, and restoratives used, by which he-was restored to consciousness. How he felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself : ' Veil, ven I got siok and vas in bed that day the doctor carne to me and said I vas very sick. He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more till I voke in de night, and there vas no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vas cold. I den put out my hand to vone side to try for the bed olothes, and, och, vat you think I got-vy a ded man ! Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power I had, and vas going away by the other Bide, ven, sure, I- put my hand on another. Then I roared, and collod, and cried out all I could, and ven I was getting up my head struck a board that was covering me. " Oh," said I, " vot does this mean, vere am 11 Am I ded 1 and I roared and bawled, And threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at the door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I thought I vas ded myself. I vas not shure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At last the door opened, add von I looked at the man vat opened it lie fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ven I come to myself I thought it was a dream. But it is as true as I am hero." On the morning of Sunday, May 15th, shortly after 8 o'olook, a young man named.'Edward John Dray attempted to murder his grandfather Richard Dray, at 7, Water-lane, Maidstone. It appears that the grandson had resided .with his grandfather since his infancy, but of late had acquired the habit of staying out at night. On Thursday on his grandfather remonstrating, he took up a knife and attempted to cut the old man's throat, at the same time threatening to murder him on some future occa- sion. The threat induced the grandfather not to sleep with him that night, as had been his custom. Yesterday morning, upon the return of the grandfather from work to breakfast, about 8 o'clock, looking through the front room win- dow, ho heard the report of firearms, and felt a bullet pass close to his head, smashing the win- dow in front of him. Upon turning round he saw the grandson enveloped in smoke. The house- keeper who was in tho pantry at the time, rushed forward and seized a pistol from the right hand of the grandson, asking him at the time whether he had any more, upon which ho expressed a wish that he had. The screams of the house- keeper instantly brought two neighbours on the sceno, who detained the grandson. When taken to the station-house by Police-sergeant Rhodes ho was searched. Upon his person were found a powder flask, four bullet;, and several percussion caps. Upon being charged by Super- intendent Gifford with shooting at his grand- father with intent to murder him, prisoner answered, " Just so ; he should not havo locked me out." The bullet was afterwards found flattened in a street fronting the house, having struck against a wall faoing the window through which it had passed. EMIGRATION TO VENEZUELA. Tho following is tho substance of the despatch roforred to by The Times in a leading article which wo reprinted in yesterday's Mercury. Th« despatch has been laid boforo Parliament by command of Her Majesty. It was received at the Colonial Oftlco from the Hon. A. Gordon, the Governor of Trinidad, and reported the " un- fortunate results of emigration to Venezuela in connection with the Chartered American,English, and Venezuelan Trading and commercial Com- pany,"- The despatch, which is dated the 10th of March, states that the writer had been in- formed by the President of tho Republic of Guayana that this company had sent out as colonists some English people-" almost uttorly destitute to au unhealthy locality on the Caura River, which, though wholly unimproved, not a tree having beon cut, or a swamp drained, or a hut built on it, had been sold by the company to tho emigrants at the price of £4 for ten acres, £4 boing tho market price in Venezuela for three squaro miles of land. Pre- sident Dalla Costa informed Mr. Gordon that he had provided these immigrants with throe months' provisions, forwarded them to the settlement they had bought, and assisted thom in othor ways, and he begged Mr. Gordon to aid him in taking steps to prevent any further im- migration under similar auspices." Governor Gordon stateB that two gentlemen, one of them ÍMr. S. Barry) lately an officer in the 3rd. King's )wn Hussars, had come to him some days before this dispatch was written, and informed him that they had been among the settlers, and had with much difficulty made their way from the seettlement to Ciudad Bolivar, and by the kind assistance of the President wero forwarded to Trinadad, and their story was briefly this "that their party, under the leadership of Mr. Bond, lately captain in Her Majesty's 91st Highlanders, loft Ciudad Bolivar in Decem- ber for the Caura River ; that a largo part of the provisions provided by the President was stolon by the canoe mon during the voyage np the river ; that on arriving at the township they found a donso uncleared tropical forest, liable in many places to be overflowed by tho river during the wet season", that oxposure to the sun and damp had produced tho natural results of dysentery and fever, and that the gentleman who had been oharged by the Presi- dent to assist thom had left the settlomont and did not return ; that for some days beforo they loft the settlors had had no food but beans and rice, and that, with no means of as yet replenish- ing thoir rapidly diminishing storo of provisions, starvation starod them in the faco." Governor Gordon goes on to state that the offices of the company, the representations of whoso agents had induced these gentlemoh to embark in this enterprise, aro at No. 3, The Crescent, Amo rici- squaro, London. Mr. J. F. Pattison is described as president. In a book published by authority of the company tho agents in England aro described as Messrs. Pattison and Co., of tho Croscent, Amorica-square ; Mr. J. F. Carter, of Kimbolton ; mid Mr. G. H. Robinson, of 35, Regent-street, Leamington. It appears from another book published by the same authority that Mrs. Pattison has boen collecting subscrip- tions for a free library " fqr hor sottlomont ou Ourony Vènoaiuohv," among tho subscribers aro tho Christian Knowledgo Society, tho Bishop of Barbadoes, and several olorgymon and ladies. Governor Gordon says, " Mr. and Mrs. Pattison having omitted to supply tho emigrants with tools, mediemos, or other nocossarics, ho need hardly add that the 'f roo library' has not rcachod its destination." Tho book states that tho coin pnny hos mado arrangements with threo (named) ominont manufacturers of agricul- tural implomunts and with others to supply emigrants with ovory description at wholosalo prices.. Qovomor Gordon goos on :-" I en- doso a paper of queries addressed by mo to Mr. Barry, together with his replies, which uro also signed by his two companions. I on- doso also a copy of ono of tho land warrants for which £25 was paid, and of a permit sold by Mrs. Pattison as a pass to enable tho luggitgo and effects of the immigrants to pass tho Vene- zuelan oustoin houso free of duty. It was not found, howevor, to possoss^ any such ofticaoy. The company really did rocoivo a largo grant of lands in Venozula ; but I understand tho grant is now forfeited, owing to tho non-fnlfllmoiit of its conditions by the company- Presidont Dalla Costa will, I am certain, do all in his powor to alleviate tho distresses of til« unfortunate sottlors who have already arrived, but as it is very probable that the salo of theso lands continues, and will continue bo long as purchasers can bo found, and as it is doairablo that persons in England should not bo induced to take so soriaus a step a« that of emigrating to the Orinoco in wnwejuwoe 0Í W»tigjp»Uowj not, X fear, likely to be realised, I should be much obliged if your Lordship would give such publicity to this dis- patch and its enclosures as your Lordship may deem proper." Mr. Barry states in his answers to the inquiries put to him that when ho loft the settlement there were about 05 persons there, of both sexes and of all ages j thoy wero principally British, and chiefly of the middle and working classes, but some of good families. All came out under the company's auspices, most of them in the Tai Lee, which left Hamburg on the 0th of October. The first settlement was made towards the close of December, 18G9. In answer to tho question how were the immigrants housed, Mr. Barry says !-" By ordor of Soñor Perez a small palm shed, about 20ft. by 10ft., was erected for tho use of the immigrants, half of which was oc- cupied by two families and the other half by the provisions; the others had to protect themselves from the heavy rains as best they could, as they had to work eight hours a day clearing the lana | for the ' township,' nnd had consequently little or no time to do anything privately for themselves ; few had built huts of palm thatch and reeds." In answer to the question how thoy were fed, Mr. Barry answers :-" Supplied with threo months' provisions by Señor Della Costa, the greater part of which was stolen by tho boatmen going up, Soñor Perez took little or no notice of the case on its being represented to him. For days before we left the supply of meat (hard ' jerked beef) had run out, and we had to con- tent ourselves on a scanty supply of rice and country beans, and even this, when we started, could not last them logger than a week at the utmost." Mr. Barry says there wero a few medicines (as fever powders, bicarbonate of soda, rhubard, and a little mustard for making blisters) kindly provided by the President, but the sup ply in quantity and variety was inadequate to the occasion. No tools were supplied, he says, notwithstanding all Mrs. Pattison's fair promises to that effect. The permit to pass lugguge duty free he says, was not in the least respected ; " it being solely due to the President's kindness that the luggage was passed duty free. These ' luggage passes' were sold by Mrs. Pattison, and represented to be absolutely necessary on land- ing at Bolivar. Mrs. Pattison promised to bring out some agricultural implements for the use of the colonists going with her ; but as she did not accompany the expedition, as expoated, these implements were not supplied." Mr. Gordon states that the whole of the land sold by the company is uncleared primoval forest. The price placed on such land by the Government of Guay- ana is a little ovor £1 per square mile. It is stated by Mr. Barry that the Cauro was selected by Mrs. Pattison in preference to the Carony for reasons which she gave. THE CAPTURE OF SUPPOSED FENIANS. [From TAe Times.] At Morylebone Police-court, on Monday 10th May, John Wilson 43, gun and pistol mnkor, of Thomas-street, Queen-street, Birmingham, and Michael Davitt, 25, who has lost his right hand, and said at the police-station his address was Wilkinson-street, Haslingdon, Manchester, were brought up before Mr. D'Eyncourt charged, the former with having 50 six-chambered revolvers J in his possession, the latter with loitering in and about the Great Western Station, Paddington, as it was supposed for some unlawful purpose. Detective Superintendent Clarke was at the rail- way station on Saturday ovening, with other officers, on the watch for tho prisoners, and as soon as Wilson, whose only luggage was a parcol of revolvers, stopped from a third class carriage attached to the train arri- ving at 10.45 pm., ho was arrested by Dotec tive-sorgeaut Foley. He was taken to the police station, and searched. In his pocket was a slip of paper on which was written, " Mr. Mat- thews, 35, Milman-street, Guildford-strcot, Lon- don, W.C ," u house at which Davitt, has been lodging. Detective-sergeant Campbell appro hended Davitt, who made no resistance. He also was searched, and in his possession £150 in notes and two or three sovereigns wero found, as well as a couple of keys, one of which fitted a carpet bag containing a hammer, a small "jemmy," screwdrivers, &a;, found at the house in Milman- street. Mr. D'Eyncourt said the evidence to connect the prisonor was very slight. Superintendent Williamson, of the Sootland-yard detective force, asked for a remand in order that further ovidence might be obtained. From information in his possession, ho bolie ved that Davitt, under various names, had for some mouths been travelling in the north of England for tho purposo of buying arms for tho Fenians. Mr. D'Eyncourt re- manded the prisoners until Friday, consenting to accept bail in tho sum of £100 for each. Tho prisoners, who said they had no friends in Lon- don, woro removed to tho Houso of Dotontion. Davitt asked if tho largo sum of money takon from him might be given up to cnablo him to provide for his defence Superintendent Wil- kinson objected to this being done. Mr. D'Eyncourt said tho Hirco sovereigns found on Davitt might be restored to him. Thoy wore on Monday, 20th May, re-examined at tho Marylobono Police-court. It may bo remembered that ono of the prisoners, who said ho was John Wilson, a gun aud pistol maker, carrying on business in Harpor's-buildings, Woaman- streot, Birmingham, wai charged with having in his possession 50 six-chambered rovolvors of which ho could not givo a satisfactory account. The other prisoner, Michael Davitt, who when arrested had £150 in bank-notes in his possession, and is believed to havo boen for some months engaged as an agent of tho Fenian exeoutive in purchasing firearms from manufacturers in tho north of England, was charged with loitering about tho railway station for somo unlawful purpose. Warned by tho daring resctio effected in Manchester, the police have takon unusual precautions for the safe keeping of the prisoners, who were brought to the court from the House of Detention, at Clorkenwell, under the charge of Inspector Hickson, a sergeant, and eight constables of the X Reserve Force, armed with rovolvors. About 10 o'clock Mr. D'Eyncourt took his seat on tho bench, and the prisoners were then placed on the floor of the court just in front of the " dock," against which Davitt leaned, watch- ing the proceedings with apparent nonchalance. Mr. Poland, instructed by the Solicitor to tho Treasury, prosecuted ; Mr. Pain, solicitor, de- fended. Mr. Poland said it was not until Thursday afternoon that ho was instructed by the Treasury to luulertako the prosoaution, and as he had, therofaro, not had timo to complete tho case against the prisoners he should bo obliged to ask for a remand. Inspector Clarko, of tho Deteotive Force, was now in Birmingham, mak- ing inquirios.about tho prisoners, and Superin- tendent Williamson had received a telegram from him which ho would hand to tho magistrate A very important witness, who could prove that the two prisoners had met before, and that the negotiations had boen carried on between thom, would, he expected, arrivo in town this afternoon, but too late to givo ovidenco. ' Moreover, lottere receivod from all parts of the country loft no doubt in tho minds of the police authorities that Davitt was connocted with the Fenian movemont ; and although these letters could not bo put in as evidouce, hu thought ho should bo ablo to substantiate tho vory serious charges which this information would mako it necessary for tho Government to bring against tho prisonors, Ho would now only bring ovidonce to show that Davitt, who at the police-station said ho had just como from Manchester, had for threo woeks boou living in London under the name, and at tho addross, found written on a piece of paper in tho posses- sion of Wilson. This, he submitted, was a clear proof of the connexion existing betweou tho two mon. Another witness would prove that Davitt had passed under a third alias. Mrs. Robson, of 35, Millmun-stroet, Guild ford-streot, was then called. Sho stated that on the 29th of April, Davitt, undor the namo of J. D. Mathews, engaged a room in hor Iiquso at a rout of Us. per week. Vfhon sho asked him for a roferonco ho said ho could not givo hor any as, he bud just como from tlio country ; but, in order to satisfy hor, ho offered to pay a week's rent in advutico. On this condi- tion bIio accopted him as n lodger, and ho had sinco constantly occupied tho room until tho tiny of his arrest. While ho was at tho hotiso letters carno to him addressed "Mr. J. D. Mathows." Sergoant Lansdowne, who was the next wit- ness, stated that Davitt was, in Oatobor or November, living undor the namo of Jackson, at tho Bell restaurant, in tho Euston-rqad. Ho could not say how tho prisoner was thon getting his living. Mr, Poland said he was not thon proparod to bring any further evidence Mr. Pain said, considering that tho polico had already had threo days in which to mako in- quirios, ho thought they should havo boon propared to bring forward tho proofs on which thoy relied to substantiate tho ohargo against the prisoners. Mr. D'Eyncourt reinarkod that so far as the ovidonce went it was favourable to Wilson, who was what he had represented himsolf to bo, but Inspector Olarko had sont word that ho liad just rooeiYod information whick would prove Wilton to be connected with Davitt, and there had not been time to bring the witnesses to London. Mr. Poland observed that no attempt was made to show how or by whom the firearms found in the possession of Wilson had been ordered, nor did ho explain how he got the name and address of Mathews which ho had in his pocket. Mr. Pain asked if bail would be accepted. Mr. D'Eyncourt said he would take bail in two sureties of £50., or one of £100 for each of the prisoners. Mr Pain feared that, as neither of the pri- soners had friends in London, it would be impos- sible for them to find bail for so large a sum. The further hearing of tho case was then ad- journed until Friday next at 11 o'clock. Before the prisoners wore romoved, Mr. Pain asked if Mr. D'Eyncourt would allow a portiou of the money taken from Davitt to bo returned, in order that ho might be onabled to employ counsel in defence. Mr. D'Eyncourt said ho had ordered the gold found in Davitt's possession to bo given up. Mr. Poland said that any further sum which the magistrate thought a reasonable amount would be returned. Mr. D'Eyncourt said he considered that £10 would bo sufficient at present, and suggested that the numbers of the notes should bo kopt. Mr. Poland repliod that the police would re- tain the notes, which might be needed in evi- dence, and would give the prisoner the sum in gold. The prisoners were thon at once taken back to the House of Detention, THE AMSTERDAM SEA CANAL. [From The Times.] Those who have to travel from England to Holland will remomber that from Calais vid Antwerp there is a continuous railway to Moordyk, but that from the latter place the journey has to be continued to Rotterdam by steamers. These pass by a tortuous route up and down broad rivers, which in winter are rendered impassable by ice, and then the traveller has to find his way by railway to Cologne, thence across the Rhine by the magnificent bridge erected some time since, and thence back again by railway down the right bank of the Rhine to Amsterdam. The Dutch Government is fast remodying this inconveniont state of things, by forming a rail- way straight from Moerdyk to Rotterdam, an undertaking which involves the construction of three iron bridges of unusual size. The first of these bridges, across the river at Moerdyk, is ' nearly 5,000 feet long, consisting of 14 spans of 340 feet each, and a swing bridge. The second across the river at Dordrecht is 1,300 feet long, also of large spans ; and the third, across tho river at Rotterdam, is 1,360 feet long, in which there are four spans of 350 feet each. These works are all in progress, and in addition they have nearly completed the extension of their sys- tem of railways to Flushing ; but the most important work in Holland and next to the Suez Canal in magnitude, is the Amsterdam Ship Canal, which has been in progress about five years, and is expected to be completed in 1870\. Amsterdam is situated on a narrow portion of Lake Y, where that lako enters the Zuyderzce, and six or seven miles east of its junction with the Wykermcor, which runs four miles further in tho samo direction to tho foot of the Sand Hills, which soparato - it from tho North Sea. These hills rise to a considerable height, are about four miles wide, and form a barrier b'otweon the sea and this portion of Holland. The easternmost work of tho Cana! is a great dam in process of construction across Lake Y, near Amsterdam, which will shut out the waters of the Zuyderzee, but which is being pierced by three locks and three sluices to permit shipping to pass tho internal waters out to sea at low water. Tho canal is being, formed through the lakes, both of which aro shallow-first, by making em- bankments on each sida of the line of Canal, and then by dredging out tho material botweon to the requisito dimensions. A deep oxcavation is boing rapidly formed from the lakes to tho North Sea through tho sandhills, and outsido this piers built of largo concrete blocks aro in progress which will extend about a mile into tho sea, and cncloso within thom an aroa of about 200 acros, which will bo dredged to a depth of 24 feet below low water. The Canal will also havo three locks at tho North Soa ontranco, a little oast ward of tho harbour. Tho main Canal, in passing through the lakes, lias to bo connected by lateral canals with several ports and drainngo outfalls emerging into tho lakes, so as to extend tho navigation and the drainage to the main Canal. So soon as tho main and lateral canals aro com- pleted, tho lakes will bo pumped dry, and land reclaimod to tho oxtont of 12,500 acres. Tho locks at each end of the Canal aro necessary to oxcludo tho sea at high water, as it has boon stipulated that the surface water of canals shall bo kept a littlo under ordinary low water level. To assist in maintaining the surface water at this low level, large pumping enginos aro boing orcctod at the eastern end of tho Canal, calculated to lift 2,000 tons of water por minuto. Tho Canal will havo width at tho bottom of 88ft., which is 10ft. wider than tho Sue» Canal ; a width at the top of 195 ft., and a depth of 23ft. ¡ and tho locks will be wide onough to admit ships of tho largest class. The trade of Amsterdam at present finds its way to the North Sea either through tho Zuy- derzee, a route 80 miles in length, mid limited in depth to vessels of 10ft. or 12ft. draught, or it goes through tho North Holland Canal, a dis- tance of 52 miles, which will only admit vessols drawing about 10ft. When tho Amsterdam Sea Canal is finishod, -tho distance from tho sea will bo reduced to 10 miles, and ships of the largest class will bo able to pass ; and, with its geo- graphical position, and the advantage it will then possess, Amsterdam bids fair to become the port for the North German trade. Consider- able progress has been made with .the locks and sluices eastward of Amsterdam, which form the entrance into the canal _ from the Zuy- derzee. This work is being carried on with a large circular cofferdam, construct- ed in mid- channel. To commemorate the progress already mado on this portion of the work, the King of Holland (attended by the Prince of Orange), who is -Honorary President of the Canal Company, laid on the 29th ult., in tha walls of one of the locks, a marble block, on which was out a suitable inscription, and which contained within it a memorial of the ceremony written on vellum. The cost of the undertaking will bo about £2,500,000 sterling, of which £850,000 has already boon expended. A portion of tho cap- ital is guaranteed by the Dutch Govornmont, another portion is given as a subsidy by tho town of Amsterdam, and tho remainder will bo raisod.on the lands to bo reclaimed. VICTOR HUGO AND THE PLEBISCITE. The following characteristic letter from M. Victor Hugo appears in the Rappel :-. "'Non.' In three letters this word says everything. What it contains would fill a volume. For nearly 19 years this reply has been staring in the face of the Empire. This obscure Sphinx feels that there lies the key to the enigma. To all that the Empire is, wishes, dreams, believes, can do and is doing, ' No' is sufficient, What do you think of the Empire ? I deny it. ' No' is a verdict. One of the proscribed of December, in a book published out of France in 1853, styles himself 'the mouth that utters " No." 'No' has been the reply to what was called the amnesty. ' No' will be the reply to what is called the Plebiscite. The Plebiscite attempts to effect a miracle - to make the Empire acceptable to human conscience. To render arsenic wholesome food, such is the ques- tion. The Empire commenced with this word Proscription. It seeks to end with this word Proscription. It is only the trifling change of a letter. Nothing more difficult. To improvise one's self into a Cæsar, to transform the oath into a Rubicon and overleap it, to ensnare in one night all human progress, to take rough posses- sion of the people under its grand form of Re- public, and to shut it up in Mazas ; to take a lion in a trap, to break by stealthy fraud the legal powers of representatives and the swords of generals ; to exile virtue, expel honour, trample law under foot ; to decree the arrest of the re- volution, to banish '89 and '92, to drive France out of.France, to sacrifice 700,000 men, to demolish the wretched paltry Sebastopol, to league with England to give to China the spectacle of a Vandal Europe, to stupify bar- barism with our barbarism, to destroy the Summer Palace in partnership with the son of that Lord Elgin who mutilated the Parthenon, to increase the power of Germany and diminish that of France by Sadowa, to take and to give up Luxemburg, to promise Mexico to an Arch- duko and to give him Quorotaro, to assist Italy to a dqlivorniioo which results in tho Council, to causo Garibaldi to lie shot by Italian muskots at Aspromonto) and by Fronoh muskots at Montana, to run the Budgot into dobt to tho extent of eight milliards, to hold the Republican Spain in check, to havo a High Court that is deaf to pistol shots, to «wyo Wittiva faith.« and. thither, to crush democracies, to dig chasms, to shako mountains) -all that is easy. But to place ' Yes' in the placo of ' No' is impossible. Can right be proscribed. Yes. It is so. Prescribed? No. A success such as that of the 2nd of December resembles death, inasmuch as it immediately posses into corrup- tion, and it differs in so far that it never passes into oblivion. The rights effected by such acts have eternal force. There Í3 no logal or moral limit against them. No forfeiture can bo set up against honour, justice and truth. Time can effect nothing in such matters. A crime which is en- during only odds to tho guilt of its origin by ita endurance. In history, as for the human con- science, Tiberius never reached the stage of \fait accompli.' Newton has calculated that a comet takes 100,000 years to cool ; certain enormous crimes take still longer. The violence) which reigns to-day is losing its pains. Plebiscites can do nothing for it. It believes it has the right to roign ; it has not a right to exist. It is a, strange thing the Plébiscite. It is the coup d'état' mode into a piece of paper. After the massacre,' the ballot. To rifled cannon succeeds the cracked ballot-box. People vote that you do> not exist. And the peoplo vote. And the master counts the votes. Ho has all that ho wishes for, and ho puts the people into his pocket. Only he has not perceived that what he believes he has seized is not to be laid hold of. A nation does not abdicate by that. Why ? Because it is renewed by it. The vote must always be open to repetition. To require it to make any alienation of sovereignty, to extract an hereditary right from the minute, to give to universal suffrage, whoso power is limited to the present, an order to decide for the future, ia not futile in itself ? It is Uko calling upon to- morrow to call itself to-day. Never mind. The voting is over. And the master takes that for a consent. There is no longer the people. These truths make Englishmen laugh. To submit to the coup d'état, to the Plébiscite. How can a nation accept such humiliations ? At the present moment England has the happi- ness of rather despising France. Then despise the ocean ; Xerxes gave it the whip. The Empire after 19 years of existenco deems itself to be tempting. It offers us its advances. It offers us the coup d'etat adapted to democratic views, the night' of December reconciled with Parlia- mentary inviolability. A free tribune in the fashion of Cayonno, Mazas modified in a free spirit. Tho violation of all rights settled in the form of Liberal Govornment. Well, no. We aro ungrateful. Wo citizens of tho murdered Republic, we thoughtful lovors of justice, con- template, with an intontion to avail ourselves of it, tho failing authority which attends the last days of treason. Wo wait. In the meantime, at the jugglery called a Plebiscite we shrug our shouldors. To Europe without disarmament, to Franco without influence, to Prussia without a counterpoise, to Russia without restraint, to Spain without organization, to Greeco without Crote, to Italy without Romo, to Rome without the Romans, to democracy without the people, we say ' No. ' To liberty tempered by despotisms, to pros- perity arising from a catastrophe, to justice ad- ministered in the name of an accused party, to the magistracy marked with the letters L.N.B., to 1789 vised by the Empire, to tho 14th of July completed by the 2d of December, to the loyalty pledged by false oaths, to progross decreed by deterioration, to solidity promised by ruin, to light distributed by darkness, to the blunder- buss behind the beggar, to tho face which ia under the mask, to the spectre which is behind the smile, wo say ' No.' Moreover, if tho author of tho coup d'etat really wishes to address a question to us-tho people-wo recognize his right to put one question only, and that is ' Ought 1 to quit tho Tuileries for Vincennes, and placo myself in tho hands of justice V Napoleon, ' Yes !' " Victor Hugo." THE COMPARATIVE EFFECTS OF GUN- POWDER AND GUN COTTON. On Saturday a number of experiments wore performed by tho otticors of the Royal Engineers at Chatham to tost the comparativo effects of gunpowder and guncotton in various operations. Thoy began at noon and Listed for some hours. Tho experiments wore undor tho direction of Colonel W. O. Lennox, C.B., V.O., Instruotor in Field Fortifications at tho School of Military Engineering, who was assisted by a number of officers. Thoro was a largo muster of officers of the garrison, besides thoso of the Engineer Corps.and among thoso present wore Major-Gcnoral J. LK Brownrigg, C.B., tho commandannt of the garri- son ; Colonel Wray, Colonel Graham, CB,, V.C., Colonel Fisher, Colonel Lovell, commanding Royal Engineers ; Colonel tho Hon. ll.F. Keano, Doputy-Adjutant- Goneral Royal Engineers ; Coi lonol Clarke, <fec. Mr. F. A. Abol, chymist to the, War Department, was also present, and ossistedin, some of tho experiments with guncotton. Thora wero a number of officers and other visitors from London, &o.; The experiments commenced with explosions of gunpowdor and guncotton directed against a double stockade of balks of timber, 14in square, 3ft. _ Gin. apart, and sunk 3ft. in the earth, each lino braced together by strong cross pieces. A charge of 2001b. of gunpowder, in bags, moroly laid at tho foot of tho stockade* untampod, was first exploded, It forced a largo, gap in the front stockado, but, though partially shattered, the second row of timber would have» presented a formidable obtaclo to an attacking party if defended by a few resolute men. Portions of tho timbor wero hurled through Uko air to somo distance. A chargo of 801b, of gun cotton was next laid in bags at the foot of tho stockado, some distance from the former ex-. plosion. This also was untouchod. It was fired by a detonating fuse. There was a terrrifio explosion, and an almost perfectly clear breach^ was made through both rows of timber, practi- cable for an attacking party to got through. The, effect was very much superior to that of the 20pib, of gunpowder. Immense pieces, of timbor wore\ hurled through the air to a great distance, mostly in the rear of the stockade. Not so wide on oxtent of timber appeared to bo shaken as by the first oxplosion, hut the work was moro completely done ; the results, indeed were extraordinary. Experiments wero thon mado in another part of the field by exploding discs of guncotton against singlo balks of timber, to show what effeot would; be produced if timbor bridges had to bo destroy. ed. Four balks of timber, about 10 inches, square, wore sunk in tho ground some/fee^ apart, in a square, and braced together by thick pieces of plank. A " necklace" of Bma}l discs of; guncotton was formed, 08£ in number ¿this waa doubled and placo half round, on» of the tim- bers. Tho oxplosion of this, string of discs tore away the wood for some depth, four inches or moro, on ono sido of tho balk, but did npp. break it, though the massive timber was nuicl\ rent. Throo or four larger discs were, then, exploded on ono side of tho timbor, and tore, out a largo portion of tho wood. A, singlo " nook-, laco" of small discs, G5 in number, njid woighing. 2\ lb., was thou placed around anothor bftlk, quito encircling it. Wheo, oxploded this tor» out tho wood all round to some depth. Thor» 12 of the largor discs, weighing 4lb, 2oz., wore, hung on nails on throo sidos of tho timbor, lynd oxplodod. The oxplosion was very powerful, and tho largo balk was cut in two-snapped'off whoro the gun cotton had boon attached, but falling on tho sido whorothero had beenup discs and partially splitting on that side. Tho specta- tors ohcorod at this decisivo proof of the value, of guncotton for this spooial purpose All these« oxporiments appeared tobo very satisfactory. Ad that part of tho Unes in front of St. Mary's Barracks^ a number of minos and gnllorios havo boon, oxcavatod and oharged with gunpowder or guncotton- Ono mino lind a chargo of 5001b, of gunpowdor j ii second similar mino was ohar- ged with 2001b. of guncotton. Two smaller mino«, wero oharged respectively with 21'01b. of g>ui powdor and 8-01b of guncotton. Theso, mnies, wore succossivoly exploded by moans' of on, electric current. In the larger ndues »ho powder, appeared to bo tho most eftbotivo agent. In ijlift oxplosion of tho 2001b. charge of guncottcui a peculiar oil'oct was produced ; fir&t; thoro warn tho eruption of brown clay and smoko, and then n largo ftnnio, produced by tho ignition, of tho gasoouB produots of the oxplosion. Tlve* otticors thon proceeded to tho old Engineer Depot near St. Mary's Convict Prison, and walls which aro to bo romovod wero experimented upon ; thoy aro l8 indios thick ; chargos ofj guncotton ranging from 21b. to 3|¡lb. wore ox-^ plodod against thoso walls, with satisfaetory. results, making bronchos in thom. Tho. officer», thon roturnod to tho scone of tho mines, w,l\era two long gnllorios had boon prepared, one charged with 2401b. of gunpowder, tho other with 901b. of guncotton. Thoso chargos wera oxplodod. Tho objoct was to ascertain if it ia practicable to form tronches in this manner, instead of throwing thom up while exposed to tho onomy. It was thought by somo otticors that tho explosion would throw tho earth up on either side in such a manner m to form a trench ; but the result was not so-the oarth was thrown up in ii mass, and no trench was formed in which mou could got undor cover at once. This conoludod the serios of experimenta, which created tho greatest interest among thoa« who witnessed, thorn. 