lb the Editor of the Standard. Anece the ass of Unlatlm spoke, 'Viser than I'ippo do's, forsooth; And it spake naethintlg but the truth! \whether follows its examp:le. Ye'll ken best to sec the sample. W" ould that the puddle of Iis mind were clear enough that I mnight wlater my ass at it.--Thersites. Snm,-In the opinion of Pippo, Hamlet's ghost was not such an ass as Oratorins. Now, I have no objection to be written down an ass so long as it is not by a dull ass, for, as in all other animals, there are various grades of the asinine tribe-the sagacious and the dull ass; the high-bred, the hall-bred, the low- bred, and the hybrid ; and by way of re turning theo compliment of Pippo, I propose to range him amongst the mongrel fraternity of the mule; and, as I shall presently show, a very dull one too. " -Iamlet's ghost was not such an ass as Oratorius," says Pippo. Now, I aver that Hamlet had no ghost-that the ghost in the play of 11amnlct was the ghost of his father. You, therefore, Mr. Pippo, deserve the distinction which Dogberry coveted-" 0, that I had been written down an ass I" But Hamletob will tell you, Mr. P., that " There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy." Your other distortions I have not time to wasto over; but if you will in the future present yourself in some tangible form or explicit utterance, and not inflate yourself with senseless twaddle, or nalto your weekly productions, as Touchstone did his folly, " A stalking.horse, and tinder presentation of it, to shoot his wit," I promise before I havo doeuo with you to takeo a few of the rough knots off your surface. I have often thought, too, Mlr. P., that it would be a great benefit to you if you were subjected to a few rhetorical revolutions of my garden roller, in order to crush a few of the useless pips out of you. Learn the useful lesson which Camberoosa has recently taught other small scribes, and -emno mne imptuno lacessit-Touch not me with impunity. I am, Sir, yours, &c.;, Ontroanus. P.S.-I have nothing to say to Phwtbus, who has lost his temper, and wmeets his oppo nents with the Chinese war tactics of throw ing stench-pots into the camp while its occupants are asleep.-O. 