" GHOSTS FROM THE BATTLE-FIELD." THE Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph gives the following account of the return of a few troops from the war r-" There were frotn 150 to 200 mounted troops, in every kind of cavalry uniform, riding in the loosest open order, and mingled pell-mell without distinction of uniform or grace. There did not seem to be any officer in command of this strange squadron. Cuirassiers, hussars, lancers, chasseurs, light dragoons, horse artillery, were all there, higgledy-piggledy, battered, ragged, dusty, dirty, jaded, but not crest-fallen. Some were so fatigued that they could scarcely keep up in their saddles, and nodded till the plumes of their helmets mingled with the manes of their horses, but they had still bold words to say, and foul scorn to hurl at the Prussians. These spec tral horsemen, these phantom dragoons, were the remnants of the defeat at Weissenbei-g. This corporal ofhussars was the sole representative of a whole troop, those five lancers the only sur vivors of an entire squadron. The rest had perished in the fight or were lying badly wounded in hospitals. There are no wounded among these men who had just trooped in from the Eastern railway station depot at Grrenelle to be " re-formed." Indeed they seemed to need reforming altogether, for unhurt soldiers, in a more deplorable state I never saw. They looked eminently wretched, and for long days past had evidently been wholly divorced from soap, water, towels, and clothes-brnshes-to say nothing of blacking, heelball, polishing powder, and the other accessories of a smart cavalry soldier's toilet. Dinted back and breast plates, dinted casques, smirched garments, torn plumes, spat ter-dashes incrusted with a fortnight's mud, and never a clean shirt, I should say, among the lot. Thus they came back a ragged regiment. There was about these fragments and shreds, and scattered leaves whirled from the tem pest-tossed battle-field, something of an essentially unsubstantial and ghostly oharacter. They looked pale to un earfchliness in the gaslight. Their steeds had a shadowy presence, and very soon instead of resuming their march in a body, these waifs and strays of war scattered, and broke up in twos and threes, and as a body dissolved, I found myself one of a group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a slim lad with a pale face, who was mounted on a big white horse. He was the kind of statue to ask to supper without the risk of fire and brimstone as a night- | cap. He was a trumpeter, and I fancy j blew his own peculiar instrument, ora torically speaking, lustily. He told us that the Prussians were smashed, riddled, blown up, crushed, pounded into powder, and stamped out. His own regiment, be said, had sabred 'monntains of men.' So thickly was the ground cumbered with- dead Prus sians that the French artillerymen could scarcely wheel their guns along. They would have won the day had they not been betrayed." A coaRESPOJfDENT of the Maitland Mer cury writes from Singleton that during the past few weeks oitlium tuckerii has shown itself in. several of the vineyards in the vicinity of Singleton, to a more or leas serious extent. It is remarkable that those vineyards which have undergone a repeated dressing of sulphur during the season, have been far more seriously attacked than others which have nover been sulphurod at all. One vineyard was pointed out to us which had bean sulphered three times, the dressings having consisted of dusting as well as fumi gating, notwithstanding which, tho grapes appear to be soriously affectod. Yet another vineyard, only divided from tho former by a fonce, the vines in which were never sul phured, has up to the present time not been attacked by the disease at all. Other vino yards have been pointed out to us in the same neighbourhood which had never been sulphured, and where tho disease has not aB yet shown itself at all, or to a very limited extent only, whilst all those vineyards where sulphuring was resorted to have been attacked with the oidium much earlier and more seri ? ously. This is mattor well worth tho most searching inquiry of our vignerons. 1 A STRANGE rumour, writes " Playboy." ' has been current this week. The old Exile ' case'of poisoning is rovived. Somebody was 1' lately stopping at ah hotel at Ballarat, and > went to chapel with_ the young' lady of the > bar: on a Sunday, evoning.inquiring into Prev'0U3 life, she informed her acquaint ance that she had formerly lived at the hotel where the horae Exile put up the year ha was poisoned on the racecourse at Dowline Forest, and that she knew the man who did ne deed ; that she was then a servant at the inn, and that on the morning of the races Bhe was oat milking the cow, and when she returned past the stables all the lads had gone to breakfast, but seeing one of the half, doors slightly open, she peeped in, and saw a man whom she knows well jump out of Exile a box into the next stall. I believe the detectives Lave been at work, but the result of their researches has not yet been made known. It will be recollected that Exile suddenly dropped down dead after winning the Ballarat Cup in 1867, and that on examination a large dose of arsenic was discovered to have been administered to him some time before the race. Br way of Mauritius we have news from the Cape of Good Hope to October 5. The Cape Standard of that date reports :-" The diamond-fields continue the centre of attrac tion, though the great body of the diggers are unsuccessful. Fortunes are made by a out 5 per cent, of the diggers ; some o lers pay expenses; the vast majority are osers. ever ia said to have made its TTTi0 '?mong tlle diggers, and it is anti pa e a as summer advances sickness will increase at the fid,in » m. dent of the Port Louis Gazette writes"-'"It is estimated that there are now abou't 7000 people at the diamond-fields, wording indus triously, and, as we know, finding fairly. The largest recent find is reported to have been a diamond of 62 carats, about the size of a pigeon's egg, and worth about £25,000. There is no question about thefruitfulnessof the territory. The Customs returns alone would attest that if nothing else did, diamonds to the value of fully £300,000 having been already exported, to say nothing of the many carried away by the owners themselves or their friends in their private pockets, about which the Customs, of course, ; never knew anything." The diggers, it appears, refuse to recognise the magistrates sent by the Transvaal Republic, and demand British rule. GEORGE DVER, the man who about twelve months ago confessed to the London police that he had murdered a man named James Wilson at the Loddon rush, in the Castle maine district, in 1857, arrivod (says the Argun) in Melbourne on Thursday by the Yorkshire. He was in charge of Sergeant Holmes, of the Brighton police, Victoria who was sent home to bring him out, and on. landing he was conveyed to the City watch house. The evidence collected by the Vic torian detectives to the effect that Dyer ar rived in the colony in 1853, having previously been employed as clerk or some such ca pacity in an army contractor's office at home. He brought out with him his wife and children, and a large supply of boots, and with the latter he opened a shop in Smith street, Collingwood, in the vicinity of the site of the present Collingwood Post-office. : He sold off the boots in a short time, and before long his wife died, whereupon he sent his children back to England, and set about making a living as a digger. He first visited Blackwood and various other rushes, and during his wanderings fell in with Jamc3 Wilson, who, in the end of 1857, accompanied him to Green Gully, at the Loddon rush', Castlemaine. Here, according to his own statement to the Loddon polico, tVxo prisoner and Wilson had a quarrel as to some gold, and a fight took place between them, which ended in a murder, the prisoner killing Wilson with a pickaxe. He concealed the body in a dry waterhole, and cleared out, and tiie body was not discovered till January, in 1858, when an inquest was held on the remains, and an open verdict returned. On the prisoner confessing himself the mur derer to the London police, inquiries wore made from the Victorian police, which re sulted in the discovery that the statement of Dyer was correct, so far as the finding of Wilson's body was concerned. The prisoner . was then remanded to Australia, but prior to the voyage out he retracted his confession, saying that he knew nothing about the murder. He has been remanded to Castle maine. THE Canada Farmer says :-" The ex tremely hot weather of the past few weeks has been very severe upon horses in some parts of the country. We have known of several cases whore death was the result, whilst in others recovery took place evert after the animal had been completely pros trated for a considerable period. The pre monitory symptoms of sunstroke are dulness: and impaired appetite. The horse, although apparently weak, does not perspire freely ; the pulse is weak and the breathing is ac celerated. When these symptoms are ex hibited, and the horse is still kept at work, he becomes unsteady in his walk, will fall down, and is unable to rise; the pulse be comes vory quick, the breathing, is laboured, and the animal becomes almost blind; he will occasionally raise his head and moan. Such case3 are bost treatod by sponging the head and upper parts of the neck with cold water, and also applying ice between the ears for a shorts time. The body should be rubbed over, and the animal kept as much as possible in the shade. A stimulant care fully administered is of the greatest benefit. A convenient and useful stimulant is 4 or 5 ounces of brandy, given in 8 ounces of water, or instead, lor 2 ounces of sulphuric ether in 8 ounces of water. The mouth should be washed out every few minutes with cold water, and whenever the animal appears to revive, allow him a few mouthfuls of water. An enema of soap and water should also be given. When the horse recovers so far as to be. able to stand, he must be kept in a well-aired box, and fed on bran mashes for a few days, and made to take a little walking exercise morning and night. AN inhuman doctor at Sandhurst, refusing to attend a boy whom prompt attention might have saved from the consequences of long immersion in water, was asked to attend the inquest, when ho replied, he "did not care a d--a for the censure of the jury, arid they might go to blazes." Sandhurst ought to keep that man's pocket lean. A TELEGRAM from Hamilton-says:-A fatal case of snake-bite has ocourrod to a. man named Stephen Elliott. He was bitten at Byaduk, and came to Hamilton two honra afterwards for assistance for modical attend* ance. Tho doctor tried Professor Halford's injection, but the patient diel to-day, 24 hours after boing bitton. Printed for ttio Proprietors by EDWARD GSOROS WILTON, at thel* Offlce, TraUl-Btrc«t, Wagg* Wagga, Docember 24, 1870 