THE OBITUARY OF THE MONTH. We take from the latest edition of " Men of the Time" the following biographical notices of Charles Dickens and Mark Lemon :? Dickens, Charles, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay Department was born at Portsmouth, in 1912. At the close of the war his father retired on a pension, and come to London as Parliamentary ? reporter for one of the daily papers. Charles, who was placed as a clerk in an attorney's office, was induced by a strong literary bias to obtain an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its fame under Mr. John Black. The editor, noticing his readiness and versatility, gave him an opportunity for the display of his abilities by inserting in his journal those "Sketches of English Life and Character," which were re- printed in a collective form, under the title of "Sketches by Boz," in 1886-7. About the same time he wrote a comic opera, entitled " The Village Coquette." This graphic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in a ludicrous aspect, did not escape the notice of Messrs. Chapman and Hall, who requested Box" to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the " Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." The subject was treated in a manner sconce so easy and natural, and with such a flow of genuine humor, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank among living novelists. Illustrated at first by the pencil of Seymour, and, after his death, by that of Hablot EL' Browne (Phiz), the " Pickwick Papers" had an enormous sale, and the name of the author was announced in 1838. The great success of " Pickwick" naturally caused Mr. Dickens to receive a variety of offers from London publishers and brought about his connection with Mr. Bentley, who engaged his services as editor of his Miscellany in the second number of which, for February, 1837, appeared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist." This story, which was published in three volumes at the close of 1838, lets the reader into some of the secrets of life, as it was too frequently found in the parish-union workhouses, and in the dark haunts of thievery and villainy which form so dark a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces.. Admirably illustrated by the pencil of George Cruikshank, " Oliver Twist" at once became a favorite, and is still regarded as one of the author's happiest productions. Nicholas Nickleby," which appeared in shilling numbers, uniform with " Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that work, was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes at cheap schools, especially in some of the northern counties. Mr. Dickens states in the preface that these disclosures resulted from a visit of inspection paid by himself to a school of the "Dotheboys" class in the wolds of Yorkshire. In 1840 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled " Master Humphrey's Clock," and included, amongst other tales, those since repub- lished in a separate form, under the names of " The Old Curiosity Shop," containing the episode of "Little Nell," so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity; and of " Barnaby Rudge," a tale illustrative of the senseless riots connected with the name of Lord George Gordon, in 1780. About the time of the publication of " Master Humphrey's Clock," appeared his " Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi" the celebrated down, almost the only production of Mr. Dickens' pen which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of " Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr. Charles Dickens sailed for the United States, for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Having visited a great part of the country, and accumulated a store of materials, on his return to England, in 1842, he published " American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were controverted by our Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of " Change for American Notes." In 1844 " Martin Chuzzlewit" appeared in numbers, and in the summer of that year Mr. Dickens visited Italy, and many of the results of his observations were afterwards published in the Daily News. Returning to England in the course of 1845, he suggested the foundation of a cheap daily newspaper, to advocate the spread of Liberal politics, and secular education at home, and show itself the sworn enemy of despotic and arbitrary power abroad. Having organized a large literary staff, and surrounded himself with some of the leading writers of the day, he commenced the Daily News, January 1, 1846, acting as the editor, and contributing to its columns his sketches from the south of Europe, under the attractive title of " Pictures of Italy," which were afterwards reproduced in a collective form. Mr. Dickens soon withdrew from his editorial post, and resumed his humorous serial publications. He wrote some stories of a more strictly imaginative cast, called " Christmas Books," of which the first, " A Christmas Carol, was published in 1843; the second, "The Chimes," in 1845 the third, "The Cricket on the Hearth," in 1846; the fourth, " The Battle of Life," in 1846; and the fifth, "The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1846. In addition to the above, Mr. Dickens has written " Dombey and Son" published in 1857-8 ; " The History of David Copperfield," in 1949-50; "Bleak House," in 1853; "Little Dorrit," in 1856; and " A Tale of Two Cities," " The Union- mercial Traveller," and " Great Expectations;" the last three having been reprinted from All the Year Round. In 1856 Mr. C. Dickens started Household Words a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years; but a dispute having arisen between him and his publishers, he brought it to a conclusion in 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled All the Year Round, which be still conducts. The first number of a new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens' pen, entitled " Our Mutual Friend," appeared in May, 1884. Mr. Dickens has a high reputation as an amateur actor, is one of the founders of the Guild of Literature and Art, and has been an active pro- moter of the Royal Literary Fund. Lemon, Murk, editor of Punch, born in London, November 30, 1909, was for some years a writer for the stage, and as a member of the Guild of Literature and Art occasionally donned the sock and buskin. He was one of the knot of authors who established Punch in 1851; from the first acted as joint editor, and on the seces- sion of Mr. Henry Mayhew succeeded to the chief post, which he has since retained. He is the author of upwards of sixty dramatic pieces, and of numerous articles in Household Words, the Illustrated of irs, and other publications. He has written "'the Enchanted Doll," a fairy tale, published in 1919; " A Christmas Hamper prose and verse, a collection of stories, in 1859; " Wait for the End," in 1863 j " Legends of Number Nip," and " Loved at Last in 1864 ; " Falkner Lyle ; Story of Two Wives," and Leighton Hall, and other Tales," in 1866. He has edited a collection of Posts, and written about a hundred songs. A FOP just returned to England from a Continental tour, was asked how he liked the ruins of Pompeii. " Not very well," was the reply I " they are so dreadfully out of repair!" A FELLOW in Indiana put one end of a gun- barrel in the fire, and looked down the muzzle to see whether it was loaded. A coroner's jury decided that his suspicion? were correct. The San Francisco newsboys sell other articles than newspapers, and astonish eastern visitors by crying, " Here's yer Evening Tribune said cough fundy; cures coughs, colds, and sore throat latest 'count of the earthquakes only five cents a copy or six sticks for a quarter." In the course of some proceedings in the Court of Queen's Bench, the other day, in which a telegraph company was concerned, one of the counsel engaged told a good story of a clerk's mistake, The message to he sent was " Your wife has a fine girl." The message actually transmitted and received by the astonished parent was " Your wife has five girls." It is not suited whether the happy father survived the shock of the announcement. 