The new i»srtiartieirt will, it. is said, be called to gether bt the latter end of this month, or at latest, during the first or second vrerik in February. It will f.hen be seen for a certainty whether the country has approved of the policy adopted by the present Administration, or whether they hold with the obstruction bo assiduously offered by the mi nority in the late Parliament. Judging from the result of the elections it may, we think, reasonably be inferred that Mr. Robertson will find himself in' a stronger position than before the dissolution. Charges in the Ministry are anticipated!. We are told by the Sydney correspondent of the Wetter* Examiner that Rumors abound to the effect that there is a eenernl desire la Ministerial circles for the reconstruction of the Ministry, and that changes are like]]' to be brought about Uirourh the pressure of private circumstances, to which there is no occasion to advert at length. The Opposition axe credited with ca intention to play what is commonly called 'a waiting game,' by which their chanoes of superseding the Ministry-mil be greatly improved. It has already been stated that the Opposition purpose, es eoon as possible after the meeting of the new House, to table a motion implying a want of confidence in the present Ministry. Whether they will carry out that intention, or -mAida their opportunity by playing a waiting game, remains to be seen. It may be said, however, the Opposition will not find the support of a majority of the new Parliament, and hence it is probablo they will bide their time. Of the many questions recently brought before the country, the land question will perhaps form the moat important measure to be dealt with by the new House, and the voice of the country on this subject appears to be in favor of a change. But, extreme caution will. have to be uied in making that change. Mr. Bobertsoit may regard this measure as peculiarly hi3 own, and may, more orar, be disinclined to allow others than himself to interfere with the change that must be made. In making that change he will have important inter ?ert* to consider, and he must so construct his amendments u will tend to the progress of the colony, anu', if possible, give satisfaction to all. Thesnbjectisa'most important one, and requires delicate, but yet bold as it were, handling. It will squire the greatest finesse on the part of the Ministry to prevent the Opposition from seizing their opportunity on this question. It is the will «f the majority of the people that the price ot land should be reduced. But, it may be aeked— Shall all the waste lands of the colony be reduced to an eoual price ? We thinls it would be unwise (o adopt such a policy. Some time ago we expressed *n opinion that the lands of the colony should be classified — classed according to capability of the «oil and access to market. It should also be re membtfred that for many years to come pastoral pursuits must hold a high position in New South Wales. ' Many districts of the colony are unsuited to anything else ; and, therefore, this point will demand, at the hand? of Mr. Eobeetson and the new Parliament, the most serious consideration. The time haB now arrived when an effort should be made to secure the settlement of » desirable clegs of population on our lands, and this can be done fcy no other means than by having a liberal and comprehensive land law. Without population, our lands are so much dead stock to the State. It is strange that a question so inseparably con nected with the land law, vis., immigration, has not excited more attention than it has. Though «o fully identified one with the other, that of immi gration seems to have been almost lost sight of. It will be the duty of those in power to foster only suhe a cIsbs of immigration as will prove beneficial to the colony: It will doubtless take some time and influence to remove the prejudices which now exist against the colony. Difficulty has been expe rienced in this respect by the agents of other colonies ; but, New South Wales can, by a wise and liberal land law, remove those prejudices to a considerable extent The principle of the Aliena tion Act should be strictly adhered to, for therein lies the real and substantial progress of the colony. Whilst we would not in any way debar a man from taking up bis fortv acres and residing thereon, it would be conducive to progress if a man could \- take up one thousand acres on theeatae conditions, Tie., bonafi.de residence and improvement, at a price, in ratio with the facilities afforded him-of getting a return for his labor and capital. It has been asserted that a majority of the present con ditional purchasers are more or less in the hands of the storekeepers or business men.. This mayor may not be correct, but it cannot by any means be accepted as the general rule. This must also form a consideration for those who will hare the respon sibility of amending the land laws. The system — if it does exist at all— of compelling the conditional purchaser to run hopelessly in debt at the store must be studiously avoided. Our legislator* can do much on this point by making the terms of payment as liberal as is consistent with the inter ests of the colony. It would be unjust to say a nan may take up a thousand acres of land in suoh ? district as Manaro at the same price he would pay for a similar quantity of land in'tueh a dis trict as, eay Bega or on the Hunter, Richmond, or Eswkeebury Eiveri. The land in the Utter dis trielj is at any time worth ten shillings an acre; bat here, as well as in other pastoral districts, it is sot worth half that amount. Therefore, it i» neee* «ary the lands of the colony should be classified. On Manaro the farmer has not got a ready market for his grain and produces tho squatter has to pend his wool & great distance before it reaches jnarket — the one has to accept a low price for his labor, whilst the other has to remain a; long time before he gets a return for bis capital and labor On the coast,' and in those districts where railway communication may be had, the farmer can obtain the highest market price for his grain and produce, the settler end squatter can send their wool to mnrlfet, without tnuoh delay, as also with a remark nhle difference ?n the exnense -incurred, and both have a return and perhaps their capital reinvested before the squatter or farmer in such districts as Manaro can get a farthing. Does not point de mand consideration ? Why, then, should the upset price of the lands of the colony b« fixed at an equal figure ? There is another point which mast be recollected when the alteration in the land bill comes under consideration. Many conditional purchasers nay they think if the price of land is reduced, thdy are entitled to compensation from the Government. They «re not. When they took up the land they pot it nt the Ta\ue Hie Govern ment set upon it. The Government now find that value is in excess ot its worth, consequently they must, to secure the progress of the colony, reduce the price of land. By what reason, then, can the conditional purchaser who has paid the higher price say he is entitled to compensation ? If the price of land is reduced, let all be placed on an equal footing ; but, no compensation allowed. It is to accelerate the progress of the colony that the price of land will be reduced, and can the existing conditional purchaser say — which he does by think ing of compensation — ' I will retard that progress by demanding compensation for what I have ex pended on the land above the new upset price P' The settlement of the colony will render his land more valuable, and thus afford him ample compen sation for the money and labor he has spent on the land. This is a question which must not be looked at individually ; it must be looked at in the light of the greatest good for the greatest number. We must carefully watch and consider t))B alterations or amendments that may be proposed in the land laws, and then pronounce an opinion, for which ample time no doubt will be given. But we main tain the lands most be classifies, the price reduced, the terms made so easy and comprenensive as to induce the small, medium, and large capitalist to settle down and reside amongst us. SrOBTrNG. — Our athletes are now making prepara tion for the approaching Oooma Athletic Sports, For the Champion Foot Race it is probable a fair field will start ; three local runners have expressed their intention of competing, and we hear M. G-rady and M. Keefe intend to have a spin for it this year. Elsewhere will be found the programme for the Duke's Springs (Bobundarah) Races, where an excellent day's sport may be anticipated. The Braidwood meet for 1870 takes place on Wednes day and Thursday, 28rd and 24th February next. The programme is an excellent one, and will doubtless brine; a good field together. We hear that Mr. W. Cosgrove, of Rirersdale, intends send ing two or three horses from his stable to Braid wood. It is probable, also, that Bombala, Bega, and Moruya will send representatives. Many of the horses that run at Braidwood may try their capabilities on the Tea tree Course, and our local sportsmen should lose no opportunity of main taining the reputation of their stables and the dis trict. Tbe cricket match between Bombala and Cooraa, which has been so long talked about, has, it would appear, fallen through. It is not, how-, ever, attributable to negligence or want of courage on the part of the Cooma players, but, we under stand, through some disagreement amongst the Bombala players.' Had the challenge been sent by the Cooma el'ub to the Bombala team some little reason might be assigned for the action of the Bom bala dub, but under the circumstances of the case no reason can be assigned why the match should not be played, as suggested, on the 18th or 27th of January. The Cooma players, to our knowledge, have gone to some trouble in anticipation of the match taking place ; they have established a club and gone to some expense purposely to meet their friends from Bombala in a creditable manner. All their efforts have been rendered futile by the action of the Bombala players, which to say the leant of it, is not fair, considering they were the first to issue the challenge. If the only excuse assigned by the Bombala players be that some of their team could not play in consequence of it ' being harvest time,' why should th« m.itch be 'unavoidably' postponed to some future date? Is it not possible to name the day on which the Bombala team can without inconvenience meet their Cooraa friends? If net, this mutter should have been looked to before the Bombala Club issued a challenge to play the Cooma Club, and thus prevented much inconvenience and let us add disappointment. The following letter on the subject was received by Mr. H. Dawson, secretary to the Cooma Club, on Monday last : — Bombala, January 6, 1870. Bombala ?-. Cooma. Drar Sir,— It being harvest time, several of the players selected to play at Oooma are unable to attend. I have, therefore, been requested by the Committee to write you and state that the match must unavoidably be postponed to some future date, of which I will advise. Trusting that by writing early it has put your Committee to no incon venience.— I remain yours truly, C. E. Tweebik, Secretary Bombala Cricket Olub. H. Dawson, Ekj., Secretary, Oooma Cricket Club. Not only have the committee been put to some inconvenience, but the probabilies are that several players who would have played with the Cooma team on the 18th or 27th will decline to take part in a match played at ' some future date,' and a few have expressed their disgust at the humbug ging manner in whioh the Oooma Club has been treated by the Bombala players. We hop* the Bombala Club will reconsider their letter, and intimate that they will meet the players in Cooma on the 27th January. , Accident.— We hear that one of Mr. George Woollett's children narrowly escaped drowning last week. It appears there are tubs of water placed in the garden, with which the little fellow was playing and into which be tumbled headfirst. The little fellow's brother, who was playing with him, hastened to inform Mr. Woollett of the circumstance, and the little boy was rescued just in time to save life. : Sohooi or Abts.~A meeting of the members of the School of Arts Committee was held on Tuesday evening— 'Mr. R. Dawson presiding. The only business transacted was the instructions given to the hon. secretary to order the continuance of the papers now taken for the current and ensuing quarter, with the exception of the -JUmpire, for which will be substitutes the Town and Country Journal, It was decided also that the S. M, Etrald should be added to the list of newspapers token by the committee. The funds, .we^believe, are rather low, and it is hoped that members will pay up and enable the com mi' tee to carry on the work. If we rn'y be allowed to express an opinion, we think the committee have gone to work in an unwise manner. We know it is generally the custom with journalists when an institution of this sort is newly established to contribute a copy of their paper on condition that the postage ii paid. This was mooted at the first meeting ; but whether the proprietors of the vari ous journals have been written to, asking a copy of their journal on those considerations, we cannot say. If it has not been done, we suggest that it should be neglected no further. From the amount the committee will be able to claim of the £100 placed on the Estimates for the Manaro School of Arts, the committee hope to be able to get a new and varied assortment of books, which alone are now needed to make the institution truly accept able to all. We hope they will be able to carry out their intentions. We would suggest the de? sirability ot establishing a draught and chess club in connection will) the institution, and in the winter months the formation of a debating cIsbb. Is it not possible to have a lecture now and then in aid of the funds. All these things would help to make the Manaro Suhool of Arts doubly attractive. The Late Fire. — The fire at the Australian Arms Hotel on Sunday night last has been the means of arousing our business men to a sense of the danger which surrounds them on such occa sions. Several have expressed their intention of obtaining end keeping on the premises one of Dick's No. 5 L'Extinoleur machines. Some doubt, however, seems to exist as to the efficiency of these machines, and the promoters of the movement have suggested that one be purchased by subscrip tion and a trial experiment be made. It might tend to oonvince the sceptic of the power of the instrument, but we think a small engine and a fire brigade would render more important service in a case of fire. It will be seen by advertisement that a meeting will be held on Wednesday evening next to consider the subject, when vie hope to see a large attendance. HonTicrjxixrEA.ii Show. — For some few weeks' past our Bombala friends have issued a programme for an annual horticultural, s ook, and produce show, which they purpose holding in Bombala some time this month. We hope their efforts will be successful, and that the results of their first uttempt may induce them to make it a permanent affair. In the programme are many lines for which Cooma settlers and tradesmen could compete, and we hope to pee them exhibit specimens of their flocks, herds, and handiwork. The miners also are afforded an opportunity of sending samples to the show, and we think the Cooraa miners could for ward a nice collection. But, let us nsk, how is it that Cooma . is sll in tlie background in euch matters f There was a time when Cooma could boast of its annual agricultural, horticultural, and live stock exhibition. But now it is a matter never or very seldom thought of. Why should not an attempt be made to excite a spirit of emulation amongst the stockholders and agriculturists of this part of the district. We think an attempt to do so would be attended with success, and we hope some of our leading residents will take the matter in hand and try what can be done with it. New Publication. — We are in receipt of the first copy of a new Sydney publication, entitled The Australian Town and Country Journal. It comprises thirty-two pages of matter judioionsly arranged, embellished with woodcuts, and calcu lated to render the publication unusually accept able. The pastoral, agricultural, and mining interests are respectively treated on, and under the heading of each may be. found very instructive and entertaining articles. The subject of acclimati sation also has its column. Under the head of 'Literature' an able review of several works appears. 'The Novelist' affords a large quantity of interesting matter. The ' Ladies Column ** should secure for it the unqualified support of the fair sex, incluriing the housewife, who will find in the new publication a great deal of useful informa tion. The interests of the volunteers are looked to. The sportsman will find every information he may desire on sporting matters of the day. The busi ness man will find therein a complete and concise review of the state of the markets for all descrip tions of stock and produce. On the whole, the Town and Country Jonrnal is compiled in such a manner ae to secure a large circulation, and is peculiarly suited - to residents in the bush, as affording the intelligence of the day to all, and valuable instruction to the young. The Editor, in his opening remarks, puts it as ' a journal devoted to no class, creed, or interest, but designed to promote the harmonious coSperation of all in our progress towards the great national future which is undoubtedly before us.' We hope hie appeal will be largely responded to. Tbe Weather. — Since our last the weather hat been very hot, accompanied by hot and high winds. The recent rains, however, have caused the grass to spring and appear fresh. Should these winds continue, much of the good anticipated from the rain will be lost. Farmers are getting in a very bountiful harvest, and much difficulty is experi enced in securing reapers. Ltrsus Katuejb.— The latest rtory of this character current in Cooma is that of a oat bring ing out chickens. At the Cooma Hotel yard recently « hen was sitting on a number of eggs, and a cat wanting to litter drove the hen biff the eggs and covered them till the eggs burst and the birds came. out. As soon, however, as this had been accomplished, the cat forsook the nett and the chickens. : Hospitai. Meeting.— We beg to remind our readers that the annual general meeting of the subscribers to the Cooma Hospital takes place at the Court House on Monday next, at half-past 2 o'clock for 3 o'clock. We hope to report a name rous attendance. ; The Electoral Boll,— We would remind the residents of tbe district that the police are now engaged in collecting the eleotoral roll, and the recent election has proved beyond dispute that more care should be taken in performing the duty. The police are not solely to blame for the dis crepancies which were then made -manifest. The electors themselves are doubly to blame. They should not fail to see that their names are given to the collector, and, if possible, they should not neglect to attend the Revision Court. The time allowed the police for collecting the roll — a most important duty — is not sufficient. Instead of a few dayB over three weeks, they should have at least six weeks. It cannot be expected that the roll of a large district, such as Msnaro, can bu collected, written out, errors rectified, and sent complete and perfect (aB supposed' to be) to the Clerk of Petty Sessions in 27 days. The eleotoia should bear this in mind and assist the police in performing the duty by affording them every facility in recording their names. The eleotors naturally look for their vote at election time, but they should remember that it is necessary to have their names on the electoral roll before they can exercise that privilege. It may possibly be some time before they are again called on to perform their duties as electors, but notwithstanding they should take the precaution of making their vote sure at all times. Visitors.— Mr. W. Macleay, M.L.A., 6pent a few days in Cooma during the week ; it is pre sumed his visit is to obtain information on an important political question. It is reporter! that Dr. Badham, of the Sydney University, will visit Cooma in the course of a few months. Diseases n? Sheep Act of 1866.— Sheepowners competent to vote for the election of directors in the sheep districts of Cooma and Eden arc requested to meet for that purpose on Tuesday, February 8, at noon : — Cooma District. — At the Police Office, Cooma. Eden District — At tbe Police Office, Bombala. Pebemptitb Leases. — The following claims for pre-emptive leases have been granted, subject to the usual conditions. The rent for the year commenc ing January 1, 1870, must be paid within two' months of the 7th January, ,1870 ; and the rent ' for 1871 must be paid in September next : — ', District of Oooma. Alexander Montague, 408acros, County of Beresford, Parish. of Cooma ; rent £1 5s 6d A. Chippindale, 100 acres, County of Wallace, Parish or Bolaira; rent£l Thomas Herbert, 120 acres, County of Wallace, Parish of Caddigat ; rent £1. 310 acres, Parish of Chippendale : rent £1 Is 3d John Blyton, two lots, 300 acres each, County of Wallaoe^ Parish of The Peak; rent £l each lot. District of Bombala. Alexander McDonald and others (executors of the late William Bradley), S93, 310, and 440 acres, County of WaUaoe, Parish of Tivy; rent£l lfes, £1, and £17s6d respectively Moses Joseph, 426 and 15S acres. County of WeJlesley, Parish of Maharatta ; rent £1 6s 8d and £1 respectively. District of Bega. Philip Behl, 600 acres, Countv of Auckland, Parish of Wolumla ; rent £1 17s 6d E. Beok, 120 acres. County of Auckland-, Parish of Wo lumla; rcnt£l David Kiss, 219 acres, County of Auckland, Parish or Colombo ; rent £1 ?William Curtis, 300 acres, County of Auckland, Parish of Mumbnlla; rent£l Patrick Hcffernan, 950 acres. County of Auckland, Parish. of Tantawang«lo ; rent £3. District of Queanbeynn. Francis Cooper, 35a acres, County of Murrejv near Lake George ; rent £) Is lid A. Cunningham, 9 lots, comprising 6340 acres, County of Murray, Parish of Giperline ; rent for 9 lots, £19 16s Sd A. Cunningham, 4 lots, MO acres each, County of Murray, Parish of Tuggeranoug ; rent £2 each lot. Tendees. — Tenders are called till Wednesday, the 16th of February, for supply of forage to the police in the Southern districts. Eclipse. — A total eclipse of the moon will take* plaoe on 17th and 18th of January, visible here : — d. h. m. First contact with the shadow ? 17 11 1.8 p.m. Beginning of total phase (18th) 18 12 2.2 a.m. Middle of eclipse. ? It 12 51.2 a.m. End of total phase ? . 18 1 40.2 a.m. Last contact with, shadow ? _ IS 2 40.6 a.m. BanxJE. — Messrs. Cox and Co.'s tender in the Sum of £1240 13s: 9d. for the erection, of a bridga aoroBs the Mitchell has been accepted by the Bairnsdale Shire Council. ExcerM'*.— Thirty-two entnmees have been made for the forthcoming wool show in Sydney.— Two accidents oc curred at Grafton last week through the bursting of lemonade bottles whilst bottling.— The Agricultural Societys first inter-oolonial axhibitipa will be held in August or Sep tember next in the exhibition buildings about to be ereoted in Prince Alfred Park Sydney.— Mudgee Diamonds continue . to be sent to Melbourne. — An old man named John Mul eahy has been found murdered in the bush near Bathurst ; tu man named Martin Loing bas been arrested.— A dreadful murder has been oommitted near Brisbane Queensland, the Government hare offered a reward of £500.— A pastoral society has been formed at Deniliquin.— The Kiama Pilot reports the presence of a ghost at Mount Pleasant,— The pedestrian matches between Harris and Hewitt have beam fixed for the beginning of March. — An accident occurred at East Collingvrood Melbourne recently, through the bursting of a tin of kerosene, causing the death of a Mr. Sownie, a Rrooer.— Tenders are accepted to cut a new entrance to the GippRland Lakes.— Mr . Wilson, it if said will contest Edams., in the event of the resignation of Mr. Parkes,— Mr. S. Min cbin of Wagga Wagga was fined 10s. for refusing to pay the toll across the bridge.— On Monday week Mr. Honey'eHotel Cuddell Creek near Narandera was stuck op, the robber has since been arrested and Committed for trial. — A serious ac cident occurred to thfe Tarcutta and Albury coach at Six mileCreekon Tuesdayireek,— Young Austin has challenged Bird, the English champion, to rnn ten, twenty, ot fifty miles for from £100 to £200. — A boy named Stephenson,. four years old, met his death at Oberon through falling into . a bucket of boiling water.— The intercolonial cricket match will probably take place early in March.— p. Watson, editor of the Shoalhaven stu-», has been committed to take hif- trial at Sydney for libel.— Dr. Sharland, of the Victorias Assembly, is dead, aged 73 years.— The- annnal report or the Australian Jockey Club, read on Tuesday last, u con sidered Mtisfaotorj-. — The. Sydney Bank fraud case is not yet concluded.— The revenue returns exhibit a larger in crease than was. anticipated.— 1000 blacks. are enoampei near Hookhiunplon, Queensland.— Mr. ParJres has been re* elected President of the Council of Education.— Last -week: an tiDsucoessfttl attempt at garotting was-made in Sydney on Alderman Murphy.— A new mail servioe has been, arranged between Australia, New Zealand, and California. —51 tons of quartz from Mr. Brown's claim crushed at the Victoria engine, Tatnbaroora, yielded 772 oh 18 dwti ot fold, tha same claim has yielded in six months 307 on lft dwta.— Fourteen miners only voted at Kiandra for the Southern gold fields, ten fcr Baker, four tat Stephen. 