DEATH OF MR. RICHARD TATTERSALL. Racing men of all ranks will regret to hear that Mr. Richard Tattersall died May 3, at his residence, Beaufort Gardens, Brompton. He had been ailing for a long time, but it was not until about two months since that any serious misgivings were entertained by his friends. Mr. Richard Tattersall (who was the senior partner of the Aldersgate firm, and great grandson of " Old Tat," the founder of the world-renowned concern), had, says the Sporting Life, taken the most prominent share of the public business of the firm for some time before his father's death in the summer of 58. The old man had been failing for a few years, and forgot even quite familiar faces when he met them in the yard at Hyde-park corner. His son was, like him, very much of the old school in his ways not so demonstrative and salient in the sale pulpit, but endowed with a certain grim quiet humor, which had not a spice of ill-nature in it. You never saw him thrown off his guard. His neat chaff and retorts when things were going well at the yearling sales at Hampton Court and elsewhere were very pleasant to hear, but when he dropped on to his old schoolfellow and intimate friend, Mr. H. Hill (who was always ready with his answer about Trumpeter or Ackworth, it was as good as a scene out of "Box and Cox." He enjoyed a race in his own way not a little, though he did not care to run horses, and he was always to be seen in the betting rooms at races in the evening, but not dallying much with the odds. ( The way in which he incited Mr. Merry to make rhymes about his Derby chance the night he gave 900 guineas for the yearling Zambezi was a very amusing Doncaster Rooms bit. At home he seldom missed a quiet game of billiards of an afternoon, and the sea-side, Paris, and Baden-Baden saw a good deal of him during the summer, He began early as vice to his father's annual Derby dinner on the Monday before that race, and when the old man retired' he carried on the custom as long as he felt his health equal to it. There was no pleasanter host and when a public dinners with Admiral Rous in the chair, was given to him and his cousin Edmund on their removal to Albert Gate no part of his speech was more enjoyed than his allusion to the old lease of "the Corner" as of " hundred years, bar one." In 1851 he first showed symptoms of breaking down, and had some fits during a Continental tour. His father started off to bring him home, and for some months he was a complete invalid, and was wheeled about in a Bath chair up and down Sloane-street, looking the mere ghost of himself. He rallied, however, in a wonderful way, but still his father could never persuade himself that his son would not outlive him. His health began to break again about 1866, and his friends sadly feared that, as the late Professor Wilson mournfully said of himself, he " would die from the top." He suddenly lost confidence when he got up to soil, and liked to have his cousin close at hand. They hardly thought that he would have got through his Doncaster work in 1860, the first year that a sale-field was used, but he warmed up with the occasion, and presided in his good old style at one of the two rings which the firm was obliged to adopt that autumn. We believe that he never sold a lot after that week, but he would still drive his phaeton down to Hampton Court or Middle-park, enjoy the biddings from that more comfortable coign of vantage, and have a chat with a troop of old friends. During the summer of last year he took a trip to Scotland, and thought he caught a chill, and since then, with the exception of for one or two carriage drives, he had not left the house. The ultimate cause of his death was Bright's disease. He was in his 57th year, and leaves a widow, but no children. Mr. Richard Tattersall having about three years ago retired from active participation in the business, Mr. Edmund Tatter- sall took Mr. T. Pain into partnership, and these gentlemen will carry on the firm Times. 