Miscellaneous; A Lyons paper relates an interesting conversation which took place not long : go between General von Moltke and a x rench officer sent on a mission to Berlin : —" Do not talk to me of your military « Jucation in Algeria (said the Prussian lommander). Ifyouhaveneverbeen there . o much the better. You will be glad of it when you become a general. The operations which you have been carrying on 1' >r forty yeard against the Arabs is only y.uerilla warfare of an inferior order, with no skilful matches, feints, or counter- marches, and rarely any surprises. With iliat school you do nothing else but form . iher schools like it. The first great war will demonstrate your inefficiency, and v. erp. I not in presence of a man of your . merit, sir, I should not hesitate to laugh at yourignorance of the trade to which you <.!evote yourselves. Amongst you—do not deny it—a pioneer is a ridiculous per- . on. Here the most concientious studies re the order of th 3 day, and the lowest '•aptain knows as much as the most brilliant of your staffofficers. Have you even superficial smattering of the elements of the military art on leaving your special schools? I am tempted to doubtit. Now, come (continued General von Moltke, taking the other by the hand), I wager i hat you don't know the most valuable jiiece of furniture for the garrison quarters of an officer." General von Molke led the French officer into a small bedchamber, well suited for a lieuienant—a small bed, three straw chairs, bookshelves from floor to ceiling, and in the middle of the room a black wooden board on an easel. " It is -villi that we beat our enemies every morning," said the old tactician vho was destined togive General Frossard, the military instructor of the Princ Imperial, so severe a lesson. " For drawings here is all we require," said Moltke, exhibiting some geographical maps. An aged Forfarshire lady, knowing the habits of her old and spoilt servant, when she wished a note taken without loss of time, held it open and read it over tc him e lying, ' There noo, Andrew, ye ken a' that's in it; no dinna stop ta open it, but just send it off.' To cuie dyspepsia.—Close all the outer doors of a four storey house, open the inner doors, and take a long switch, and chase a cat up and down stairs till she sweats. A country paper says that during a trial in court, a lad who was called as one of the witnesses, was asked if he knew the obligation of an oath, and where he would go if he told a lie. He said he supposed he would go where all the lawyers went. When a reporter wants a " harrowing case" for a sensation, he should search for it on an agricultural district. The wheat crops on Cattle Station Hill and its immediate vicinity never looked better. The wretch who can stand in a pair of slippers worked for him by his wife and scold her is a brute who deserves to have the gout in both feet. Fond mother : ' And what would John ny do if mamma were to die V— 4 Eat up up all the sugar !' Why is the pronoun ' we' but in an indifferent state of health 1 Because it is but half we-11 (well). The severest punishment for an injury committed is the consciousnes of having inflicted it. Fitz Hugh Ludlow, in his narrative of travel in " The Heart of the Continent," tolls of an eccentric genius, who improved on the old yarn to the effect that " the weather would have been colder if the thermometer had been longer," by saying that he had been where it was " so cold the thermometer got down off the nail.' A man in a crowd found elbow-room quickly by telling a neighbour that he was sitting on .his revolver. In a certain pleasant town in the county of Surrey there is, or was, a cricket ground nearly surrounded with houses. One fine morning, just after a great match been played, just after a great match ' had been played, the secretary of the club received a letter from a lady " of certain age," the proprietor of one of these adjacent houses declaring that her delicacy had repeatedly been affronted by the sight of gentlemen "in every stage of nudity," putting on their cricketting flannels in the open dressing tent just before her windows. Would the secretary, therefore, she entreated, make arrangements for ridding her of this disgusting f spectacle ? The secretary wrote an apologetic note to Miss Fiefye, and at the next match the dressing tent was placed at the opposite corner of the cricket ground, at least hundred yards from the lady's windows. Imagine the secretary's astonishment at receiving, the next morning a second letter, thanking him for his " ob- f viously kind intentions," hut regretting that they, were no avail, as she " could see the gentlemen's legs with a telescope, just as plainly as before." Why is a pig with a twisted tail like the ghost in Hamlet ?—Because it could a tail unfold. " An ambitious gentleman in Connnecticut appeals over his own signature, 1 Too thee micchannicks and laburinge men of my nativ town. I "ril reprizint you in the Stait assemblee irrespectif of pollytics, relijion, or jeddieashun.' A Boston clergyman who is fond of dogs bought a" couple of couple of pups of rare breed, while on a visit to New York, and left them with a dog fancier to train. On returning home one day, he found his wife, abetted by her mother about to quit his house and apply for a divorce, on the basis of the following telegram from the dog fancier, which had come for him a few hours before :—' The little darlings are doing well, and looking lovely. Send money for their board.' A woman that marries a man because he is a good match must not be surprised if he turns out a lucifer. Holloway's Ointment and PiUs.— For bad legs, bad breast and' scorbutic or scorfulous sores, this is a genuine specific. The grateful and earnest testimony of thousands who have experienced their unrivelled power over these complaints, and who have been raised from prostrate helplessness and a condition loathsome to themselves and ocliers, renders it quite unnecessary to enlarge in this place on its extraordinary virtues. Tfce parts effected should be bathed with luke-warm water, and when the pores are thereby opened the Ointment should bo rubbed in at least twice a day all round the complaining parts. It then penetrates to the seat of the disorder, and effects a thorough and permanent cure. These preparations are composed of rare balsams, as mild as they are efficacious. 