THE WAR. MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. FIELD HYENAS. Captain Fiirstenberg, a German officer of the 10th Regiment of Hussars, who fell wounded on the battle-field of Gorze, and lay there through the night from the 18th to the 19th, states in a letter that when, towards morning, he became conscious he noticed several people moving about the field, and as one of them neared him he saw the red cross badge on his arm. He wished to ciy for help; but the sight which met his eyes effectually silenced him. The letter then says:—"The man with the badge on his arm called three other men to a group of wounded and dead near where 1 was lying. One of them was dressed as a field minister, and the others bad the hospital badge on their arms. As they arrived at the group to which they were called I saw them commence with knives and scissors to cut open at the breast the uniform of every soldier lying on the field, and when they came to one not quite dead strangle him. If nothing was found about the breast they searched the pockets and hands, and whenever a ring was found it was taken off, and in many cases the finger with the ring attached was cut off. The articles were all handed over to the minister. The hyenas then neared the spot where I lay. Painfully I tried to rise to call for help, but one of the men saw me and sprang at me. I called out at the top of my voice ; two of the others then ran forward to act as sentinels. Fortunately I felt my sixbarrelled revolver lying at my side. I took it up and fired; the minister fell, and the three other men fled, but were, however, soon captured by the guard that came to my assistance." At the examination it was proved that the four men were field hyenas one of them being a well-to-do publican at Duren, the other three being natives of Belgium, and engaged in the leadworks at Stollberg. There were found on them about 80 very valuable rings (in some of which there were still the cut-off fingers), and 300 watches, purses, and epaulettes. The value of these articles is estimated at 20,000 thalers. The prisoners were sent on to Coblent-z. "GHOSTS FROM THE BATTLE-FrELD." The Paris correspondent ot the Daily Telegraph gives the following highly-coloured account of the return of a few troops from the war:—"There were from 150 to 200 mounted troops^ in every kind of cavalry uniform, riding in the loosest of open order, and mingled pell-mell, without distinction of uniform or grade. There did not seem to be any officer in command of this strange squadron. Cuirassiers, hussars, lancers, chasseurs, light dragoons, horse artillery, were all there, higgledy-piggledy, battered, «"*ged, dusty, dirty, jaded/but not crest- —len. Some were so fatigued that they could scarcely keep up in their saddles, ijnd nodded till the plumes of their helmets mingled with the manes of their horses; but they had still bold words to say, and foul scorn to hurl at the Prussians. These spectral horsemen, these phantom dragoons, were the remnants of the defeat at Weissenburg. This corporal of hussars was the sole representative of a whole troop; those five lancers the only survivors of an entire squadron. The rest had perished in the fight, or were lying badly wounded -in hospital. There is no wounded among these men who had just trooped in from the Eastern Railway Station, and who were on their way to the cavalry depot at Grenelle to be " reformed." Indeed they seemed to need reforming altogether, for unhurt soldiers in a more deplorable sight I never saw. They looked eminently wretched, and for long days past had evidently been wholly divorced from soap, water, towels, and clothes brushes—to say nothing of blacking, heelball, polishing powder, pipeclay, and the other accessories of a smart cavalry soldier's toilet. Dinted back and breast plates, dinted casques, smirched garments, torn plumes, spatterdashes encrusted with a fortnight's mud, and never a clean shirt, I should say, among the lot. Thus they came back a ragged regiment. There was about these fragments, and shreds, and scattered leaves, whirled from the tempest-tossed battle-field, something of an essentially unsubstantial and ghostly character. They looked pale to unearthliness in the gaslight. Their steeds had a shadowy presence, and very soon, instead of resuming their inarch in a body, these waifs and strays of war scattered, and broke up in twos and threes, and as a body dissolved. I found myself one of a group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a glim lad with a pale face, who was mounted on a big white horse. He was the kind of statue to ask to supper without the risk of fire and brimstone as a nightcap. He was a trumpeter, and I fancy blew his own peculiar instrument, oratorically speaking, lustily. He told us that the Prussians were smashed, riddled, blown up, crushed, pounded into powder, and stamped out. Hi« own regiment, he said, had sabred ' mountains of men.' So thickly was the ground cumbered with dead Prussians that the French artillerymen could scarcely wheel their guns along. They would have won the day had they not been betrayed." THE FREXCH COMMISSARIAT AT FAULT. M. Texier heard two men speaking French, and asked them where they were all going to. They said they were going up to a plateau, which they would reach in five or six hours, and where they would bivouac for the night. M. Texier began to feel sorry that he had left Saverne at all. At midnight the confused crowd reached a large village, and spent the night in lamenting their hard fate. At 5 in the morning he discovered an innkeeper, who undertook to convey him to Saarburg, where he arrived on the 8th (Monday), at 4 in the afternoon. What he saw there I will let him describe in his own words:—" I found there the corps d'armee of McMahon—that decimated corps which I had seen the night before at Saverne, and in which must be comprised a large number of soldiers without arms, knapsacks, or equipment. Saveme abandoned is the key of the Vosges delivered up to the enemy. The corps is still retreating. Saarbruck is evacuated like Saverne. Soldiers and officers are furious—they believe themselves the victims of treachery. In point of fact, the incapacity shown has been very great. I have conversed with officers and soldiers of all arms, and all are unanimous in the expression of their complaints and indignation. On the 6th, in the morning, they did not even get the distribution of coffee; they fought up to six in the evening without having eaten for 24 hours. In the evening after the battle no provisions were t iven out. One soldier tola me, * For four ays we lived upon potatoes picked up in the fields.' Never was seen a spectacle of such disorganization. The discontented did not turn on one point only. The corps of McMahon, of from 25,000 to 30,000 men, having to combat for 12 hours an army a of hundred thousand did not receive the smallest reinforcement. The troops were left to get out of the scrape as well as they could; wholeregimentshave disappeared; battalions have been cut to pieces; in the six regiments of Cuirassiers 122 officers have been killed. An inexplicable order had forced these regiments to charge an enemy sheltered in a wood, and which fired point blank on our brave soldiers, rendered incapable of acting through the difficulties of ground; moreover, they charged with empty pistols, the cartridges not having been distributed, and so it was in everything. I should never end if I were to tell you all I have heard from soldiers returned to the camp. Nor is this alL There are no communications; nobody even knows where is the army commanded by the Emperor. On the 6th France extended on the east to Strasburg, on the 7th the limit was Saverne, on the 8th, Saarburg." A VISIT TO THE WOUNDED. The Opinion Nationale gives the following account of a visit to the wounded:—"A considerable number of Prussian wounded injured in the late combats that have taken place round Metzhave been sent to Mezieres; and we give the following from a person who has visited and conversed with them:—All of them are so much affected by the horrible butchery which they have witnessed that W^fuuj vv "p* "•"V »<tvi 1ITCIV Cfl itu UaVmiL escaped so well, and on being pretty well certain of again seeing their homes and families, for most of them are fathers, and speak with deep feeling of their wives and children. They are carefully tended, and speak freely about the war. They reckon upon success only on account of their number. The campaign of 1S70 has already its legend in the military hospitals and ambulances. It is characteristic and touching. The wounded tell the story of two outlying sentinels, French and Prussian, who happened to be opposite each other, each outside a small wood, They fired at one another, and both fell; but both were only wounded, and both were much moved when each recognised the other lying near him in the hospital after the battle; they had both been brought in the same ambulance. After having spoken lightly of their first meeting (the Frenchman, who was from Lorraine, being able to speak German), they soon became close friends, and began to plan for the time after the war. ' Ah !' said the German, 'if thou only knew what a nice grocer's shop I have in Leidelburg! Now, if thou do not promise to come and spend a month with me there after the campaign I will not believe in thy friendship/ ' That will never be,' said the Frenchman, 'before thou come to taste the capital Moselle wine which my parents make." KIJfG WILLIAM AND HIS PARTV AT REZONVILLE. The Emperor Napoleon had to leave Metz in a third-class railway carriage, and it seems that royal and distinguished personages on the German side have, at times, to put up with very indifferent accommodation. The Vos8ische Zeitung describes the King of Prussia as sitting on the nighf 0f the battle of Gravelotte near a garden wall at Rezonville, waiting to hear the result of the battle. He had exposed himself for 10 hours with his suite to a hot fire from the enemy, and up to 9.30 p.m. victory hung in suspense, for the French were ma^ng desperate efforts to break the Prussian lines. A ladder from a peasant's cart had been converted into a seat for him, and by his side were Prince Charles (the father), the Grand Dake of Weimar, the Hereditary Grand Duke of Mecklenburg, Count Bismarck, Boon, and Donhoff. Boon had taken off his helmet, and, contrary to his custom, was wearing a field cap. The King had his helmet on. Bismarck was trying to read French letters, though very likely thinking of something quite different. All were very silent, and felt with the King that about this time the decisive tidings must arrive. Presently Moltke, much heated, rode up to the King:—"Your Majesty, we have conquered. The enemy is driven from all his positions." A vigorous hurrah from the bystanders was the response. Befreshments were now thought of; a sutler standing not far off was called up, and the party filled their flasks. The king drank out of a broken tulip-glass, while Bismarck complacently munched a large piece of ammunition bread. The scene was so extraordinary that Giinther has been commissioned by one of the .bystanders to make this memorable moment the subject of a painting. According to another Berlin paper, some cutlets and quarters for the night were with difficulty obtained for the King, and Count Bismarck, after eating some unboiled eggs, which he broke with the hilt of his sword, went with his attendants to seek a lodging. Several houses at which he made enquiries were full of wounded. At one house where he received the same answer he asked whether there was not some straw "up there," pointing to a gloomy window on the first floor; but that, too, he was assured was full of the wounded. He insisted, however, on seeing the room, and discovered two empty beds, one of which he took, while the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg appropriated the other, and the American General Sheridan made himself comfortable on the floor. There is a strange irony in the fact of the powerful statesman who dismembered Denmark and swallowed up Hanover being scarcely able to procure a bed!—Times. A GALLANT OFFICER. A correspondent of the Carlsrulie Zeitung gives an incident:—"In a hop plantation lay a company of the 95th Regiment and some pioneers of the 11th Battalion, the latter armed with the short-barrelled needle-gun. The lieutenant-commander of these last was described to me as a man of dauntless bravery and coolness; and some of his men related to me with admiration how, shortly before they had to cross an unsheltered tract under a hail of bullets, and as they involuntarily ran crouching and ducking down, he stalked along majestically and bolt upright. To these troops covered by the hops and tree trunks presently approached in gentle trot a splendid and perfectly fresh regiment of Ciiirassiers. Until within a distance of fifty paces, when the French word of command to push forward was called out, our men held the French to be Bavarians. No further doubt was possible, and for the moment our position seemed a fearful one—it looked like madness to withstand these masses of cavalry, charging with uplifted sabres—fine, stately, and, for the most part, gigantic figures, for a few infantry to withstand; and so our fellows turned to the right about to retire as fast as possible. But our pioneer lieutenant stood firm, and cried out, ' Children, are you going to leave me here alone?' And his brave fellows instantly stood still, the infantry also ; and at a few steps' distance fired rapid volleys. The regiment was hurled away as if by an earthquake, wiped out like a pencil-stroke with indiarubber. The few who charged through were shot downed by other troops. About 200, including the colonel and other officers, were made prisoners." OS THE WAY TO PARIS. The following is a translation of a letter from a Prussian officer to his sister in London: — " Mars-la-Tour, France. Beloved—Well and unwounded after terrible fighting. Fire most fearful. I am the only officer in my company who escaped being killed or wounded. Of our 250 men we have lost 130. My horse was shot under me. We were 40 hours without food. Passed the night on the battle-field without even a cloak to cover me. Enough for today. Au r< <-ob-« Pari*." 