THE LUNATIC'S STORY. AX AD VENTURE IX MEXICO. ibOME months ago 1 was travelling m Mexico witli tlireo friends. It was lato one evening 011 our journey from the capital to the interior that we stopped for the night at a rude lint, where accommodation for man and heast wies announced hy a signboard suspended over the entrance, bearing almost unintelligible hiero glyphics. After our supper wo collected in the only sitting room that the habitation contained, and by some casual remark were led to talk of dreams, spiritualism, mesmerism, Ac. "I wonder," said one of my friends, "whether it would be really possible to become, the agent of some other more powerful nature 1 " "Less impossible, sir, than you are. perhaps 'disposed to imagine," exclaimed a linn voice. All eyes were turned in the direction from whence it proceeded,' as the speaker slowly emerged from one of the corners and advanced into the middle of the room. He was a tall man of line appearance, with locks that seemed prematui- ely grey, and a form somewhat bent from care and physical suffering, for he was evidently not more than thirty years of age. The deep forrows 011 his face had been drawn there by the terrible agony of sleepless nights. But what most astonished us was the fact of his speaking irreproachable English, with that peculiar air and manner which bespoke him a native of the States. Of course we were glad to full in with any 0110 from our native country in that semi- barbarous region ; and after the interchange of a few inquiries, my friend, whom ho had interrupted, again returned to the subject of our discussion, and begged to know what grounds he hud for making such an assertion. " You shall hear, sir," replied the stranger ; "that is to say," he added politely, "if my discourse will not he displeasing to these gentlemen." We earnestly assured him that nothing would give us greater pleasure than to hear his story. ""Well, then, gentlemen," commenced our strange; acquaintance, " my narration is at your service. J. do not ask you to believe it, hut years of su During and sorrow have taught me to know and feel that it is, alas 1 too true. " I am the son of a M.elhodist minister, from the State of Tennessee, and was an only child. My father had a small patrimony in the county of , and there we lived in great happiness for several years. I was passionately fond of my parents, and they fully reciprocated niv uD'eetion. Thus my early years were bright ami unclouded. Though my father's income was small we. lived in great com tort, and 1 had the advantages of an ex cellent education at one of our public schools, and alter wards at a neighbouring college. Within a week of the lime that 1 was to have graduated, I received a message informing me that my father was dangerously ill, and sum moning 1110 to his bedside. Bui though 1 made nil possible speed I. arrived only in time to hear ot his death. The blow was too much for my poor mother, who, in spite of all my efforts to console her, died of a broken heart shortly after. " Thus I was thrown upon U10 world with scarcoly a sing-lo friend. Tlioso indeed whom 1 could call hy that name wore too poor to assist 1110. It is truo I made one or two applications to soiuo wealthy relatives of my father, but was only treated by lliem with chilling civility. Stung with their indifference, and maddened by despair, 1 gladly enlisted as a private in a Tennessee regiment in the Confederate army. The civil war, with the history of which you arc all familiar, was then breaking out. I served through the whole slruggle, and found myself at its closo poorer and more friendless than over. In a fit of desperation I determined to join my fortunes with the. followers of Maximilian in Mexico. I felt 110 interest whatever iu the expedition ; yet so lar as I myself was concerned, I should not have regretted tho step. ' But whilo still at college I had cngagcl the all'ections of a charming young girl, the daughtor of a wealthy planter who lived close by us. Unfortunately my father had incurred tho displeasure of this gentleman, and this, iu conjunction with tho disparity in our fortunes, left 1110 little or no hope either for his sympathy or eucourage.me.ut to my suit. Yet my love for tho daughter continued undi minished, and her grief at hearing of my determination to join tho French army 111 Mexico was the only regret I had at leaving, and tho only thing that made ino repent of my folly. She strove oarnostly at first to dissuade mo from going, but I told hor that my resolution was fixed. Tho day for our parting came ; never shall I forgot that memorable hour when we met clandestinely to exchange love's last adieu. Even now I fancy I can see her us sho stood gazing at 1110 whon I turned tho corner of tho long avenue that shut her out from sight. Hor long goldou hair falling over her shoulders, hor blue eyes heavy with unshed tears, and her lips quivering with the intensity of emotion, are pictured iu momory as reminiscences, never to bo forgotten, of that mournful part ing. But it is useless lingering over the memories of those sad moments, exclaimed tho stranger, starting from iiis seat and pacing tho room ; they do not interest you, and they only unman mo. I need not tell you much either about iny lile in the army. Somo time after my enlistment our regiment was ordered to Puebla. It Yvas on ono of our inarches to that point that wo happened to halt at a small village during the heat of noonday. Whilo I was strolling among somo mines in the vicinity, my eye fell upon a man who was severely beating a little boy. Tho child was crying bitterly, and was evidently in great pain. Anxious to know by what authority tho man was acting, I went up and asked him. Ho paused in his task, and, looking up angrily, exclaimed, ' What is that to you ? ' 1 In so far,' returned I, ' that if you do not instautly let go that boy I shall bo compelled to mako you.' And as ho seemed to hesitate whether he should comply with my demand or not, I seized him by tho collar and swung him to tho ground. I then took the boy by tho hand and ondoavoured to soothe him. Tho strange man slowly arose, and (or a moment handled the dagger ho wore hy his side in a very suspicious maimer. But apparently relinquishing that hopo, and muttering, with a terrible oath, ' I shall yot have my revenge,' glidly slowly away. I did not feel exactly comfortable, for I saw by his dress that tho man was ono of that class known as magicians, and hold in groat awo hy tho lowor classes in Moxico. I know thorn to bo a peculiarly revengeful people, nursing tho smallest out- rago for years, and patiently abiding tho time whou (hey may pay it oil' with terrible interest. .Moreover, I. had (hat inslinetivo dread of assassination which is common to the Anglo- Saxon. The next minute I folt aslianrtd of my suspicions, and as tho buglo was sound ing 1 hurried away to rejoin my command. I told iny story to one of tho ollicers of my regiment who had generously offered 1110 his friendship, and 1m took euro of my little charge. At tho noxt halting place ho in formed 1110 that I10 had questioned the boy, and found that he lived in a small hamlet along tho. march, where ho had accordingly deposited him as wo passed. O11 tho subject of how he got into tho hands of his tormentor, and who ho was, lie maintained an obstiuato silenco. "Two or three days afterwards wo halted again in a tolerably large village, where the Town Hall, or rather the building that answered to that name, had been assigned to our regiment. We were all assembled here in tho evening, when one of our men came iu and announced that there was a magician outside. The men, who were only too glad of any diver tissement to relieve the monotony of their pre sent condition, eagerly caught at tho idea, and were all going out in a body, when they were detained hy a messenger, who informed them that tho magician had declared he would rocievc only one visitor at a time. Hereupon a lively discussion arose, which was decided by my proposing that we should draw lots. Great eagerness was manifested during the arrange ment of tho lots, and when the name of Villiors leaped out of tho hag, there was a universal shout of merriment. Villiers wiis ono of the most jovial, light- hearted fellows in tho re giment, and was tho very last to be gulled by any trickery, lie seemed to think so too, for us lie arose he called out, < Well tho old scorcerer won't make a fool o( me iu a hurry, I know that much,' and amid a round of applause he left tho hall. Time passed wearily during his absence, and when at last the door opened, and he made his appearance, a Hood of questions poured in upon him. Without speaking a word, he went up to the the table and tossed oil' a bumper of wine, then turning round, be exclaimed in a voice husky with emotion, 'No man has known me yet to llineh on the field of battle, but I have seen that to day which made my blood run oohl. I have stood face to face with mv poor mother, just as she was on her death-lied.' His strange words instantly silenced all our merriment. The very fact of such a man making such a declara tion, was more convincing than the strongest asseverations, and each man looked at his neighbour, as if to say, ' Who will venture nextl' 1 thought this was a lit oppoi (unity for asserting mv natural superiority, and rising, I said, ' With your permission, J will go next and hold a conference with this man. I have met with conjurors before, and I have 110 doubt that 1 shall discover some trick in this ease, as in every other.' A hum of approbation followed this speech of mine, and beckoning to the messenger to show me the way I quitted the hall. Olosely adjoining this large building was an extensive garden, and through it my guide conducted nie ton remote alley. Pausing on th(! outside, lie whispered to mo that the wizard was there, and that ho would wait without till 1 hud done. As 1 entered I could not repress a feeling of curiosity, which, how ever, was quickly dispelled. 1 saw before me nothing but a common table, and the magician standing a short way oil', with his hack turned towards me. I walked up to the table, and throwing on it a piece of silver, said to him, ' Show me a specimen of your art.' The man turned slowly round as the words left my lips, and 1 saw, to my 110 small astonishment, that he was the very one from whose clutches I had released the little boy a few days before. "'Ah!' I10 exclaimed jn English, with a strange smile, 'does Mr. Morley deign to ask for a specimen of my art 1 ' "AY ho are. you ? Where did you learn English? and how do you know my name?' were the first questions that rose to my lips, after 1 had listened to his remarks with stupi- lied astonishment ; for hitherto we had con versed in his native dialect. "'Who I am, and how I learnt who you are, matters very littlo,' replied tho magician haughtily ; ' it will bo timo for mo to answer your question whon you have acquired tho right to ask thorn. I11 tho meantime,' I10 con tinued, the same terrible smile breaking over bis face, ' since you wish a specimen of iny art, I will show you tho ghost of Alice Hunt ington.' "'Alice Huntington,' I ro-cchood, for that was the name of my lady- love. ' Villain,' I shouted, seizing him by tho throat, 'dare you tell mo sho is (load ? ' "'Dead to you," ho returned in a solemn voice, shaking mo off: 'look before you.' " I turned my eyes in tho direction to which ho pointed, and behold a sight that rooted me to the spot. There stood Alico, exactly as I remembered her 011 that fatal afternoon whon wo parted. There was the golden hair float ing down her shoulders, tho blue eyes that spoke of silent agony, the quivering lips, the hands clasped in mute despair — all, all was there just us it had boon engraven indelibly on the tablets of memory. Tho shook was too great, and with a low moau I sank insonsiblo to tho ground. " When 1 recovered, I found my eomrado bending over 111c and endeavouring, by chafing my hands and loosening my coat, to bring mo to mj-self again. I laid just sufficient strength to ask iu a faint whisper whether lie had seen tho magician. He replied that he had not, but, alarmed by tho length of my absence, and suspecting that something' was wrong, I10 had coino to sec after jijo. Raising myself up, for I was now quito recovered, I asked him to loavo 1110 and go and inform tho others of what had happened. As soon as ho left 1110 I hastily turned away and plunged into (ho dopfhs of tho garden, half dizzied by the tempest of thoughts that shot like lightning through my brain. Who was this strango man, and how did he know mo ? What was his object in showing 1110 tho apparition of my lady-love ¥ Could Alice be really dead ? If not, did I10 use somo artifice in producing this strange phantom ? If so, what was the mysterious power that enabled him, without a shadow of preparation, to mako it spring out of the earth ¥ Could it bo that this was his rcveii go ? Was this the refined, the exquisite torture that his malice had dovisoil ? One thing was clear. Some secret motive which I could not guess must have prompted him to indict 011 1110 so horrible a punishment. But whether his malice was directed against Aiico or not, or both of us, it was impossible to con jecture. Equally impossible was it to boliovo Lhat such a slight thing as tho fall I had given him could have produced such an effect. And yet, how otherwise could ( have become his I'uO ? " For nights I could 110L closo my eyes with out starling out of a dream of Alice, and waking to lamont. Tho mental agonies I suffered in the thoughts of her death, and tho witchcraft that had power to disturb hor in the grave, I cannot describe. Perhaps it is as woll that I cannot. I nocd not now narrate any further incidents in our campaign. Tho continued cxcitcmont of marching and fight ing did not leave mo much tiino for gloomy thoughts; iu fact, I had fallen into such a slato of morbid melancholy that I scarcely thought at all. Tho only letter I ventured to write was uovor answered, and this seemed to bo a confirmation of my fours. I had risen in tho profession of arms ; for siuco I fancied that I had lost Alico, lil'o had no charms for mo ; consequently I voluuteorcd iu any dan gerous service, and was in almost overy forlorn hopo that attacked tho onomy's strongholds in lace of Mexican cannon. Rut though I sought for death with passionate eagerness, I seemed to bear a charmed life, and scarcely received a scratch. . "Tho night boforo the second battle of Puebla, I was dotacLiod with a small body of inou to act as piokot at an iinportaut point. It was a lovely night; tho moon was shining in all tho splendour with which sho glows in tho climes of tho south, and shodding over ovory object a light almost as strong as that of day. Far away I could obscrvo the bulwarks of the town rising up in.., strong relief against tho sky. To tho right lay our camp, its white tents gloaming brightly, and its watch fires dotting tho plain for miles. Closor by I could mako out tho figures of the sentinels going their rounds, and hoar tho rattlo of their weapons as they sainted an officer or challenged a straggler. At any other timo T should havo boon struck by the picturesque seono ; now the beauty of external objects clashed with tho internal passions that agitated iny breast, and, Hinging myself down 011 tho ground, I groaned forth, ' 0, God, that f could die ! ' How long I remained in this state of stupofaction I cannot tell ; but whon I at length raised my head I was started at beholding bolbro 1110 a tall figure, clad in a long robe that reached down to his ankles with his arms folded. I was instantly tho soldier again, and, laying' my hand 011 my sword as I started up, I cried, iu a loud voieo, 'Who goes thoro ? ' ' It is 1", Mr. -Morley,' replied a cold, sarcastic voice, which T instantly recognised as the magician's ; ' how as the timo How 11 with you since last wo met?' and the same mocking laugh that I recollected so well ended tho sentence. All the wrath that 1 had nursed for months, all tho thoughts that 1 had brooded over swelled within mo, and in fierce exultation I exclaimed, " Fiend, villain ! dare you iiieo 1110 after tho wrongs you have demo 1110 r Dare you meet the avenging spirits of Alice Huntington and Randolph Alorloy ? You havo made my past life a hell to 1110. Yes, wretch,' I continued, douching my teeth, for I perceived tho sumo terrible smile distorting his features, ' 1 sco you understand what 1 mean ; your dovlish work has repaid you a hundred fold, and now J will tuko vengeance for all ! Down, down on your knees ! ' I shouted, drawing my sword and striking him with tho Hat of if. 'Ask for pardon, as you hope to live.!' ' Stay ! ' ho replied, in tho sumo unconcerned voieo, with a wavo of his hand. 'You received your deserts, and nothing more than your deserts. Did you' not yourself in vile 1110 to show yon a specimen of my art ? Did L lio in demonstrating to you that Alice Huntington was dead to you ? Is it my fault that you willingly chose to behold what has cost you so dear ¥ But, ho added, changing tho calin voieo in which ho had hitherto spoken for tho deep, hissing tones of inteuso passion, 'I meant to madden you. Yes, Randolph Morloy, I hato you and yours, and I havo not done with you yot. You know me not, but I know you ; and to-night yon shall behold a sight to which oven death itself were preferable. You shall behold — ' ' En chanter — devil,' I interrupted, 'do you venture to boast of your villuny to me ? You arc now in my power, and richly should I deserve to suffer from your vilest machinations if I omitted this opportunity ol" sending you to tho master whom you servo. Die ! ' " But tho sword with which I lunged furiously forward only cut tho empty air, and the strango light that shono around 1110 made 1110 involuntarily start back. As t recovered from my astonishment I behold a sight which years of toil and suffering have not elfacod from my memoiy, and which ivill haunt 1110 to tho day of my death. Slowly gliding bolbro me, lighted up all around with an unnatural halo, was Alico Huntingdon. But how can J doseribo flic object that f havo called by that nauio ! Her foaturcs were distorted into a hideous sliapo, her pale lips soemed to jabber meaningless sounds, her blue oyes gleamed into a diabolical fire, and her golden locks wore cut off short all round her bead. lean only havo gazed for a second, but tluit second was sufficient to fake the whole agony of tho vision." Here the stranger's voieo failed him, and ho paused to wipe away the moisture from his iorohoad. Alter a minute's silence lie re sumed — "Why did not Ilcavon striko 1110 blind boforo tho hour on which the misery of a thousand years was compressed into 0110 short minute ? 01 all that followed I havo no recol lection. O110 of my comrades told 1110 after wards that the noxt morning I made my appearance in camp, my clothes all soaked through, and my hair hanging iu matted clusters around iny face. All that day — according to his account — I sat moody and silent, muttering strangoly to imaginary per sons, and scorning totally unconscious ol all that was going on about 1110. That evening tho battle came oil', and, whilo in the thiukost of tho din fighting like a demon, I received a blow on Llio head which brought mo to Llio ground. When I eamo to myself L was in a raging ('over, which, accompanied by almost incessant delirium, lasted for months. At tho expiration of that time, so oxhaustsd (hat I could hard I j' speak, but otherwise recovered, I was informed that the death of a relative had left me heir to a considerable property in my native Stato. From that time forth my solo yearning was to recover, and return. During weeks of fretful impatience 1 was detained in tho city of Mexico, and declared unlit lor travel. At longth tho fall of Querofaro, tho failure and death of Maximilian released 1110 from all army restraint, and I at once set out, regardless of tho dangers which then attended a traveller iu Mexico, and pressed 011 night and day until .1 reached my native village. Anxious not to he discovered, I assumed a lietiiions name, certain that, after my long absence, 110 one should know 1110. "The next consideration was, whom should I apply to for news of Alice ? At length f determined to go to an old friend of my iathor's, who lived in tho suburbs of tho villago, and who, I thought, would bo sure to givo 1110 tho requisite iti formation. Whon I \vas ushered in under my fictitious name I10 did not remember 111c in tho least; but as soon as I told him who I was his joy knew 110 bounds. IIo was proceeding to ask 1110 a multitude of questions, when 1 hurriedly inter rupted liiin by saying that I10 must answer mine first. I thou inquired after Alico. 'Alas, my dear young friend,' I10 replied in a solemn voice, for 1 had in former days con fided to him my secret, '1 fear you will be very much shocked when 1 tell you.' ' Is she then doad ?' I faintly asked. 'Nay,' I10 re plied, 'I feol almost tempted to say it would bo better if she were. For this long timo sbo has been confined iu a liiad-houso.' " Tho blow was almost too much for 1110. It was two or tliroo days boforo I could hear his story with any soniblanco of calmness. Its purport was as follows: — Alico was suddenly taken ill somo timo after I had loft; aud ono morning was found in a deep franco — a traucoso deep that it wore, the appearance of death. For tliroo days this lasted, and then sho awoko a raving lunatic. L cagorly in quired tho date of this event, and found that it coincided with my first meeting with tho magician. 'For tho first week of hor mad ness',' continued 1113- friend, 'sho talked per petually of you, and doolured more than oneo that sho had gono to see you iu a lovely garden. At this stage of hor story sho used always to stop and then mutter 111 n thrilling voice, ' Horrible !' Horrible !' About four months ago' — tho vory timo I saw (lio magician — ' she fell into a traneo more terrible than (I10 former 0110 ; in fact, for hours the doctors could not tell whether sho was alive or dead. At length sho recovered from it, and then hor madness was worse than ever, till they were compelled to chain her to (lie floor of tho coll.' This was all my friend could toll me. After thanking him (or tho news I10 hail given 1110, I asked for tho direction of the lunatic asylum where Alice was confined, and took up my abode near by, ordering the keepers to inform 1110 tho first moment that sho had a lucid interval. "Near a year dragged slowly away, aud at length tho long expected moment came. .1 was introduced info a room in tho asylum where she was waiting to receive 1110. Tho next minute wo were clasped iu each other's arms. For a whole week wo uovor parted, except during tho night, and after that time had elapsed I one day told her the wholo story of tho two apparitions ; and asked her what she thought. Sho shuddered and was silent for a moment. Then sho told 1110 that sho firmly believed that during theso Lwo torriblo trances her spirit had been abstracted from hor body. ' f cannot toll you, love,' she passionately exclaimed, 'of all that happened to 1110. During tlioso days I suffered the tortures of the lost.' Here I hastily inter rupted her, for feared the effects of a recital of this kind. Unhappily, my surmises were but. too correct. Tho next morning she was again obliged to bo confined. " From that timo forth I have spent my time, labour, and money iii tracking out this man. Onco, aud only once, have I beheld him since. I was staying some weeks ago iu the city of Mexico, and prosecuting my re searches there, when a servant knocked at the door of my sitting-room, and informed me that a gontloniai), who refused to give his name, requested to sco me. I ordered him to be admitted, and a tall figure, closely iiiulllod, stalked into the room. As ho dropped tho covering lie held boforo bis face, I recognised the magician. ' L havo come,' I10 said, ' for another scene in tho last act in my revenge. Behold ! ' and before I could move I saw tho figure of Alico Huntington gliding past, the same wild light in hor oyo, tho sauio terrible expression distorting her leatnres, but on licr throat was a deep red gash. Whilo was still gazing in impotent horror, tho figure vanished. A lew mornings after I received a letter from tho Stales, informing 1110 thai her keopor had incautiously left a knife iu Alice's reach, and that with it sho had committed suicide. " 1 am still seeking for that man," continued tho stranger, almost suffocated with emotion. "I shall see him again. Tho last scene in his terrihlo rovengo shall ho his own death. 1 shall meet liini face, to face, and, by all tho saints in hca\'cii and doiuons in hell, lio shall die!" Ere lie had finished speaking tho door of tho apartment opened, and a tall dark figure, grotesquely attired, glided past iVhoro we wore silting. The stranger with ono convulsive hound sprang to his loot, screaming "There !" and fell senseless in our midst. We endeavoured to revive him, but lio had ruptured a blood-vessel, and soon expired without uttering a word. This scene aroused the inmates of the house, and all wc could learn from them, in solution of tho mystery, was, that our strango acquaintance, now lying dead in tho room, was known in tho country as a harmless lunatic wandering here and tliero, and tho tall dark man was nothing more than a travel ling magician, as quiet as iuull'onsivo. "Well," said my friend, after wo had loft tho apartment, "if that poor follow was a lunatic, ho had more reason and method in his madness than I over encountered bolbro." DISAPPOINTED IN LOYE. I'.V AMY UAN'DOI.l'Il. "Rooms to lot!" Harloy Aferrion paused iu his brisk walk, and surveyed tho oozy littlo dwelling. " Now, what is tho uso of plodding on to tho village inn, lio reasoned with himself, " whon hero are accommodations probably quito as cheap, and 110 doubt much mure quiet and romantic r " J fe tapped briskly at tho old iron knocker that hung suspended 011 tho weather-beatou pannols of the door. A tall fomale iu a brown calico dress promptly responded to his 'sum mons. " I soo you havo rooms to let," says tho way farer. Miss Margaret Goodwin took an instan taneous, though keen, survey of tho stranger. Ho was tall and rallior haiulsonio, beyond tho middle age, with black hair slightly sprinkled with silver, aud cheery hazel-brown eyes. "Yes," said Miss Margaret, "we have, and they're pretty tol'ablo snug rooms too, though f say it as .shouldn't say it. Not largo, but jest as neat's a pin, and furnished quite decent with 1111 ingrain carpet, black parcelled off with rod, turkey-rod curtains, and an easy chair. Tho minister was our last lodger, and he would hey that easy chair. Says ho, 'Why', Miss Maggie, an easy chair is to a room what sunshine is to a landscape.' And there's three windows, with — " Tho stranger winced a littlo under this verbal avalanche. " Suppose you let 1110 look at tlio rooms,'' lio said. Miss Margaret led tho way, apologising as sho wont for "looking liko Sauolio." "It's bakin' day," said Llio. spinster, "and our mou folks — thorn's my brolhors Silas an' Phiuoas — do eat bread and pies at a most auiazin' rate. Sometimes I'm a'niost tempted to think — but hero's tho rooms, sir." " I'll lako them," said Mr. Mcrrion promptly. Bright littlo rooms they wore. " A month's board in advauco — liamo of Merriou — trunks will coino in tho ovening stage. And now, please, sond up somo logs, and we'll havo a Cro in the shortest possible period of timo." Miss Margaret wont slowly down stairs to scud iij) Phiucas with wood and kindlings. " You haven't let the rooms, aunty ! " said Jenny, hor plum) nicco. " Yes, 1 havo — and I want Phincas. Phin ! Pltin ! wlioro bo yo f " Anil L'liineas, lumbering into the room, re ceived his orders, and ccliocd Jenny's exclama tions of surprise and astonishment. Half an hour afterwards, Harloy Mcrrion, tho popular author, with his plethoric portfolio open 011 llio table bosido liiin, sat toasting the soles of his feet at the roaring blazo, sniffing up tho balsamic odour of tho bubbling pine logs, and enjoying the winter twilight with all tho zest that only your literary sybarite can know. "I can finish my book hero as it ought lo bo finished," ho exclaimed exultantly to him- sel f. "So you've got a real livo author fur a lodger, Miss Maggie," creaked old -Mrs. Per kins tlio next Sunday, at church. " Do tell me what he's like. Goes ho conduct himself like ether folks ? Senianthy Dawes's uncle knowod an author onco, and lio used to go about tulkin' to liimsoll' and niahin' l'aees dreadful lo see." '" Pooh !" said M iss Goodwin, contemptu ously. " Mr. Alcrrion's very dificront — a bom gentleman ; don't givo no more troublc'n a kitlon, rial sets and' writes as peaceable ah can be. To be sure lie's got some queer ways — wants a eleaii napkin every day, and always eats bis pie with a fork, though our knives arc scoured just as bright as silver ; and never pours Ills lea into the saucer, 110 mutter how sniokin' hot it is." "Dear nie?" said Mi's. Perkins, "a clean napkin every day ! That's' what 1 should call sheer, downright, senseless extravagance !" " Well, it does look like it," assented Miss Margaret, "but lie's so pleasant-spoken, aud pays bis board so regular, that Jenny and I. we concluded we wouldn't say lalbiii' about it." Old Airs. Perkins still shook her head. " Authors is queer folks," she remarked medi tatively. Miss Goodwin tossed her head with triumph ant emphasis ; she know that the widow Per kins had also " rooms to let," and that there was a spice of sharp feminine jealousy in the old lady's interrogations. But Miss .Margaret herself felt 110 small de gree of curiosity as to the occupation of her lodger. " 1 do wonder what lie's wrilin', and how it looks on paper? " she said to her niece. "It's 110 business of ours, Aunt Maggie," said Jenny composedly. " I le's dreadful pleasant in bis ways," pur sued the thoughtful spinister. " Did you notice how lie called nie ' mv dear -Miss Maggie 'only yesterday, when lie spoke about having his eggs boiled softer?" Jenny laugbed, Miss Goodwin drew herself up, and wasted 110 more confidence on her heartless niece. " She's just- like all the other young gals," thought the aggrieved Miss Margaret. "She thinks, because a body's older than eighteen, a body can't never receive no attention. 1 may sliow her yet." But the curiosity as to " how it looked on paper" was hy no means checked iu the breast of' M iss Margaret, who was a genuine descendant of Mother Eve, if ever there was one. "I'll have a peep if I die Ibr't," thought: she ; and she watched Air. I alley Alerriou's movements accordingly, as a cat might watch an exceedingly unsuspicious mouse. For some time her surveillance was iif vain; Mr. Alcrrion had a disagreeable habit of lock ing up bis manuscripts and papers when he went out, and her researches were unrewarded Ono day, however, he strode, away for his daily walk, leaving the plethoric portfolio open 011 thu table. " Bless my soul ! " ejaculated the spinster; "if here stint all the wrilin' as big as life !" And she advanced 011 tiptoe, as if the words were animate creatures, and capable of being' disturbed, and glanced over the free, bold characters. " Afaggie ! " was the first word she read. "Good land o' Goshen!" sho ejaculated, clasping her hands theatrically together. "'Tain't possible he's been wrilin' to 111c! What will Jenny say?" And a. wintry Hush rose up on the ledges of her cheekbones. (She read on : " Afaggie, sweetest vision of my heart's maturer years, how shall I find words to describe the love that burns in 1113' heart for you ? " Afiss Goodwin sank ecstatically into the easy- chair, rolling her faded blue eyes up to ward the ceiling. " Find words!" sighed tlio rapturous-hearted spinster. "I'm sure, if that's all, he's gat tho gift of tho gab powerful enough for any ton persons ! Parson A1 filer's nothing to liini, when oneo ho gots tho steam up 'bout Rome, or Switzerland, or any o' thoui foreign places. Ho can find words fast enough, I'll warrant; but then, artor all, love is such a queer thing ! Jlcigho ! if'Jonny only knew, I guess she'd alter her mind about some things; see 'f sbo didn't ! " And leaning forward Aliss Margaret once more consulted the oracular pago : "How dare f ask whether my passion is returned ? How dare I breathe into your pure 1 vestal oar — " And here tho manuscript came to an abrupt closo, with (lio pen lying bosido it, as Air. Murriou bad left it. " Y'ostal ! what llio botheration's that ? " in used Afiss Goodwin. "Something com plimentary, anyhow, to judge hy the rosl ou't. Poor fellow ! lie's too bashful to speak right out ; ho means to declare his love by letter. Well, it is a more delicate way ol'doiu' tilings when you conic to think on't. I thought his hand trembled when lie passed 1110 the pickled cucumbers yesterday at dinner-lime ! " It would .have puzzled Aliss Margaret (o have told afterwards how long :-lm sat iu the big easy chair, with clasped hands and throbbing honT't, in a sort of blissful day dream ol lavender silk, a Liat trimmed ivith orango blossoms, and a yol low-gleaming wodding ring. But suddenly, in the midst of hor visionary anticipations, tho croaking of Mr. .Hurley ALorrion's boots was hoard on tho stairway. Aliss ATargarot Goodwin sprang up in gonuiuo consternation. To bo caught liko a monso in a trap was no part of Aliss Goodwin's plan. Tho heavy footsteps were drawing nearer, and with tho instinct of solf'-prescrvution tho old maid darted into llio tall cabinet, whero slio cowered among Air. ALorrion's coats, ovorcoats, and other masculine belongings, with a heart that heat almost as loud as tho lickings ol' tho old hall clock without. "Ilow on earth am I to got out again ?" sho gasped inwardly, as sho roniomberod that Air. Mcrrion generally occupied his apartment until tlio lea-bull rang, at six o'clock. J lii'ougli tlio crack of tlio door sho could plainly sco him deliberately moving around Inking oil' his overcoat, exchanging his heavy boots Ibr embroidered slippers, warming liis numbed hands ovor tho cheorful blazo. Finally lie drew Llio lablo toward him, and composedly read over tho lust lines ho had written. "Pooh!" ho muttered half aloud, "not enough lire aud energy. ' Afaggso, sweet vision of my lil'o ! ' Y'es, that's bolter." lie sprang to his foot, enunciating in low unerg'etie tones tho words, "Alaggio, swcot vision of my life ! dure 1 hopo over to call tlico mine — " " 1 c.i," croaked a softly modulated voieo. The doors of llio cabinet (low open, and AHss Margaret rushed toward liiin, burying licr countenance 011 tho left Inppol of his coat. "Yes, dearest Hurley! I know all; and, believe mo, your ailed ion is not unroturiiud." II 1ml allection r II /nil do vou know ? \\\ hat thu very mischief does this moan ?" ejaculated Mr. Merriou, thrown back into tho easy-chair by the Ibrce ol his lair assailant's weight. "Get up, Aliss Goodwin! — that's a gouil soul ! Don't you hear tho chair crack ¥ Now toll 1110 what is tho meaning of this strange freak r " Alias Alarguivt strove to sob but only pro duced a strange spasmodic sound in hor throat. " I. int. --isn't this a love-letter to mc?"she laltercd, resting one trembling band upon tho fatal sheet of paper, while the other was clasped I iglitlv on her virgin heal I. Air. Alcrrion burst into a hearty — and heart less — til of laughter. "A love-letter? Bert; only not. It's a part of lay new book, and the heroine happens lo lie named Alaggie Alonlressor. " A! iss ( lood win uttered a croaking sort of cry. " Now don't faint, ma'am — that's a good soul," cried the terrified author. " Get fairly down stairs before you faint ! I esteem anil respect you, aud all iliat sort of tiling, but I've been married these ten years, and I'm afraid my wile wouldn t approve ol your very demon strative conduct. I am quite sure 1 have given yon 110 reason to believe—-" "Traitor! False villain!" grasped AI iss Goodwin. "' I give you warning to leave this house -at once ! " \\\ ell. perhaps I.M belter," said the. author disconsolately, gathering up his papers. " But did over a niorlal find himself in such" a dilemma before, and from no fault of his either ! " Ho Air. Alcrrion returned to tho city ; and when Jenny Goodwin innocently inquired the reason ol his abrupt, departure, hor aunt darkly hinted at an unrequited passion which tho author had entertained towards herself. " But 1 don't believe a word of it; its all aunty's imagination, " said Afiss Jenny. And Airs. Perkins asked more questions than the Long Catechism contains, and ended by shaking her cap-strings and gravely assert ing, " 1 always said, and I always will sav, there un't no good in them book-makers ? '' fsiir.-Ar i:x a.n 11 1 1 r-AVoji ex. — Tlieclioorful author of "TlmTocrybinglo Pnpors," in the Aiolbourne Weekly J'i mcs. takes tho "She-mail" as a subject lor discourse. "Man," says tlio philosphicul uggor, " ma 11 somniferous bipod widout 110 fodders in liiin tail ;" and woman, snys another similar idiot, is made of 21," bones, 40!) muscles, 1 bushel ol hair, and ."75 pins 1 She's a woiulor- Ittl structure, architecturally speaking, is woman, ) aud I envy her tiers— of building matter ; but Ibr all that I'm not sure that the She-man doesn't take liioro pains to hoist himself out of his natural self into something quito tho rcvorso, on tho contrary. He's a mislako is tlio Sho-man. Nature hadn't any business to go nud turn out ...such a slop-mailo article to be a disgrace to its sect, and to turn the laugh against it. As a child the future Slio-inan's a sneak, and t'cUs upon other children ; as a boy ho gammons to bo better than any other boy, and is as domuro and smooth in his ways as a cat in a daily, whou tho dairymaid's about ; as a youth lio goos out to toa- partios with bis sisters, and spoons on girls with lathers that have got monoy ; and as a man ho thinks it the plummicst thing going to walk liko a dancing-master, to talk a stupid lingo of his own composing, to dance liko an onchantod monkey, and to bo everlastingly parting bis back liair. At the tlioatrc you sco him greased iqi to the nines, and hoar hint chattering as if his lifo depended 011 beating tlio wonderful young wonion 011 each side ol him at their own clatter; and ill tlio streets lie stands at corners, waiting for tho wonderful "J'oung woman aforesaid to wiuldlo into shops Ibr a ha' port h of tape, or to help him to spend Ibiirpciieo at llio pastrycook's. Nobody over found out (he uso of tlio She-man, except to carry smelling-bottles, and fans, and parasols for the 1 lo- woman, or to get marriod to a dancing wife and bo whacked by her on the quiet whon lie doesn't fetch aud carry to hor satisfaction. A Qtmini.t:. — A Nov f.i, Let; at, Oiukction. — A novel objection was taken in tho Molbourno Equity Court on tlio 24th, 011 tho hearing of nil application to mako absolute a rulo nisi for in solvency. The . by/i'.? says : — "Tho summons to the respondent has been drawn up in tho usual form—' Victoria, by tho grace of God,' Ac., giving her Majesty her titles of Queen of Eng land, Ac. Ti. was, however, contended thnt this time-honoured form ought now to bo abandoned, aud I hat her Majesty should be described not only as Queen ol' England, but as 'Empress of India,' as she had adopted this latter title in 185!). Mr. Jiisiieo AIolosworl.li thought tlio objection of sufficient weight to take timo to considor it willi others." 