Sljlppiufl Bntelltfieucc. arrivals. ' October 2. — Balolutha, s., Captain Hill, from Sydney. Passengora— i Mrs. H. Mills, Mrs. A. K. Hullo, family and sohvAnt, Mrs. M. Wafer,' Mrs. J. Glass and 2 children. Messrs. A. A. Hullo. H. Mills. H. W. . Morgan, J. Forrester, J. O. Lloyd, M. Wafer, and 30 in the steerage. \- October 2. — l>'irco, sohooner, Captain Scaplehorn, from Sydney. MANIFEST. inwards October 2. — Balcluthn, s., from Sydney : 4 casos drapery, caeo drugs, 2 bhds ale, J. O. 'Palmer ; trunk, Stankeon ; 8 trunks, case, J. Carson ; esse, 2 bundles brooms, Bell and Gardner ; 2 coses galvanised iron, Thompson and Cushion ; G rollers, Gogay ; parcel, 2 cases sorsaparilla, caso ague cure, 2 casos, drum tar, case kerosene, box currants, box cornflour, keg trenclo, case, 2 chests tea, 20 bags flour, MoBrydo,Bros. ; caso 6 qr-casks brandy, J. Heedrick and Co: ; package, 6 boxes mustard, case muBtavd, case choose, 3 bundles oamp ovens, paokago brooms, 3 cases, caso nails, Buddon ; parcel, Crownson ; half-ton rock salt, 5 bags salt, J. Cunningham ; 2 csbos, R. M. Hunter and Co. ; 6 bags salt, J. Cook ; balo leather, O'Reilly ; 10 bags maize, caso checao, keg honey, case, H. Becd and Co. ; caso, 30 boles wire, G. B. Shaw ; parcel, Dibilin ; case biscuits, enso, 6 qr-oasks brandy, qr-tierco tobncco, 6 boxes sperms, Worry and Marsh ; caso, truss, Stewart and Lucas; 2 p&ckagos;, truss, 5 bags flour, 2 oasos, 8 bags sugar, paokage rope, 2 tarpaulins, 5 bogs coarse salt, half-barrol apples, case pickles, cask currants, oase, 4 half-chests tea, bale woolpacks, Steele and Mitchell; 2 trunks boots, oase, parkago boots, J. Forrest ; 12 bars iron, 14 boxes, 2 bass nails, 2 kogs nails, M. C. Thomson ; 2 bales paper, bag printing materiul, P. D. Telegram ; bundle brooms, Bell and Gardner ; keg chain, case, 2 bundles bedsteads, 80 bundles hooping, Berkelman and Co. ; case, 45 mats sugar, 20 bags muiz< , 4 bags meal, 10 oases ginger wiua, 2 kegs butter, 10 half-Ghosts tea, 20 cases 3 coses bacon, 45 bags sugar, Wing Wall; parcel, A. Hampsou ; 22 cnseB fruit, R. Davis aad Co. ; 3 pack ages clmirs, rocking chair, 2 packages arm chairs, packago chairs, J. Gloss ; 5 boxes salt, cask whiting, 2 casos, ease coffee, 23 begs sugar, 10 bags rico, drum tar, bundle camp ovens, bundle brooms, bundlo spun yarn, plough, 2 cases, 2 casks, pared, R. J. Robinson ; case boots, Winter and Lea; 2 bhds salt, case mustard, case jams, box soap, bag soda, caso kerosone, bag rico, 2 cases, Perkins ; caBO drapery, J. T. Boaumont ; package, Mrs. F. Render ; package, Fitzgerald ; balo, B. Maguiro; 11 bags salt, cask soda, 15 mats sugar, 2 casks biscuits, cask currants, 6 boxes raisins, 4 cases kerosene, qr-cask vinegar, caso porter, caso confco- feotionery, 2 boxos cigars, 4 mats sugar, caso staliouory, case, L. Meyer ; 5 chests tea, 5 boxos sperms, 2 cases oil, oase sardines, 15 mats sugar, box tobacco, Broslin and Pbelun ; 6 boxes raisins, 4 casks currants, 10 boxos tea, 10 half-chests tea, 5 cases vinegar, 10 boxos tarob, 3 cases mustard, case cream tartar, 20 boxes candles, 44 mats sugar, box tobacco, kegs tobacco, 20 cases pickles, balo paper, bag, € cases sardines, caso oonfectienery, case lemon peel, caso tartaric acid, 6 casks soda crystal, M. Brodnitz, Bros. ; packugo, parcel, Northern Audits ; 10 boxos raisins, 5 cases mustard, 25 casos geneva, 20 cases brandy, caso, W. Raid and Co. ; caso drapery, case bats, Miss Keating ; truss, L. Sandel ; 3 casks, hlid, case, 2 cases drapery, A. Fecz ; case drapery, 2 cases, 12 balf-chests tea, caso \- raisins, 4 casks biscuits, case, 100 cases brandy, 3 bales woolpacks, 3 cases, bale, D. T. Mulligan ; gun, Walker; 20 cases fruit, W. Higson ; 18 casks horsings, Wright and Burnett. ; case, D. C. Cameron ; 10 bags rico, 3 qr-tiercos tobacco, 10 chosts 20 biB tea, W. Thompson ; case biscuits, case, Schmidt ; 10 qr- cks .brandy, Cnporn and Bockorlog ; pel, Rev. R. Hartley; 31 cases fruit, pel, Alansflold; 4 qr-casks brandy, 25 cases old torn, Order ; 4 kegs staples, pel, J. M. Brown ; 2 oases, cask. Maitland ; case, trunk boots, keg shot. 2 cks, bag handles, 4 drums oil, 4 kegs paint, 4 bundles Bhovols, 4 eases nails, ease, Vloyer ; case galv. iron, 10 bxs tin, bdle hollowarc, sodawnter mnohino, McNab ; case boots, Sandel ; trunk boots, cs, 3 bales, kip, Skardon ; caso whips, Barker ; 25 oases keroBeno, Rcid and Co. ; ease saddlery, pkg loatbor, J. O. Palmer ; keg shot, 2 oks, bag handles, 4 drums oil. 4 kegs paint, 4 bundles shovels, 4 cases nuils, 4 caw'fioney'cSlWVift-i/Sfie?, b»rley. oask blacking, bag popper, case, Meyer ; 10 ess fruit! Dan Hauk ; 23 oubcs fruit, Wright and Barnett ; keg butter, G. B. Shaw ; 15 bags potatoes, Spicor ; 2 eases sundries, caso aoid, Row ; box, A.J.S. Bank ; 10 cases fruit, Vickory; 14 cases fruit, Lucas; 6 cases fruit, Riobards ; pkg, Fitzgerald ; pel, horse, 3 oases, Beard- more ; qr-cask wine, qr-caBk brandy, qr-cusk whiskey, qr-cask port, qr-oawlr sherry, half-tierce tobacco, 10 ess whiskey, 10 cases brandy, 4 casos genovn, 3 cases old torn, Meyer ; macbioo, Glass ; parcel, Watt ; bx vine cuttings, Sandel ; parcel, Buzacott ; 6 cases ohairs, Smith ; 221 bundles wire, Aroher and Co. ; pkg plants, X). Cross ; 22 kegs, Manning and Co. ; 23 bags maize, keg butter, 223 bundles wire, caro Barkor ; case, Dr. Codrington, Ootober 2. — Circe, from Sydney : 22 casks resin, 8 drums caustio soda, Boldeman ; 50 cusos stout, Mulli gan ; bundlo broom handles, 20 sacks maize, 25 cases olaret, £-oask whiskey, 50 eases keroscno, case pain killer, 2 packugos boards, 2 cases shovels, caso embro cation, 5 casos nails, hbd hardware, cask tumblers, 10 boxes pipes, 10 boxe3 clothos pegs, caso cbimnoys, tree eorthenware, 2 cases vestas, 2 packages brooms, bale paper, bundlo round tubs, bundle oval tubs, 9 buckets, case hatchets, G bundles ovens, 24 covers for ditto, 4 boxes tobacco, 1G pneknges, Wing Wah and Co ; 80 bundles hoop iron, Jagor ; 10 coses turps, 10 i-barrols apples, caso handles, 5 cases sarsaparilla, 50 ousos koro- Bene, 3 cases sundries, 2 casks lamp black, 4 oases axes 2 bags handleB, cask whiting, 2 bundles tubs, 10 cases nails, ease picks, 25 cases old torn, 5 qr- casks brandy, 2 qr-casks whiskey, Headriek and Co ; 16 bags sugar, 2 bundles tubs, 8 bundlos buckets. 3 casks ourrants, caBk barcelona niitB, 4 boxes blue, case cpsom salts, bale paper bags, 2 bngs barley, package crackers, 86 bags nhann VO ..... 1. T._. .11.. 1 0 bM....w, uw nciuauuL', case uanajos, pucKage papor, 2 cases matches, 5 coscb, 3 crates, 2 casks, Buddon ; 50 sacks maize, 50 eases geneva, Parbury Bros ; spring cart, paokage leathor, 3 bundles chairs, bog harness, 3 bundles bedsteads, 2 cases, cask, J. Smith ; 25 cases korosene, 2 cases salmon, 2 cases oysters, 2 oases lob- Bters, 2 i-barrols apples, 10 tins potntoos, case axes, truck, bundle brooms, caso handles, case peas, 7 casks resin, enso painkiller, drum caustic soda, cask ink, H, Beed and Co ; caso cheese, cask currants, case sauce, 5 cases kerosene, caso sundries, 3 bales hay, 10 i-ohests tea, case Bardines, ease salad ojl, cask soda, bag oat meal, box cornflour, box pipes, box clothes pcgB, esse sundries, 30 bngs bran, Walker and Leigh ; sack maizo meal, 60 cases brandy, 10 chests, 20 i-chests tea, 3 cases colza oil, 2 cases sauce, 6 cases starch, 2 cases pepper, 30 boxes sperm candles, cask white lead, 4 koge nuils, paokage basils, J. O. Palmar ; 4 hhdB brandy, 19 boles nay, Blackburn ; 50 cases brandy, Caporn and Bockorleg ; 100 sacks maize, Lamb. Tho Bnlclutha loft Sydnov on Wednesdnv at 5 p.m.; offSmoky Cape on Thursday at 4 p.m. ; CapoMoreton at 6 p.m. on Friday ; rounded Breakeea Spit on Satur day at 11 a.m., and anchored at Sea View Hill at 3 a.m. on Sunday ; weighed at 12'30 p.m., and reaohod the wharf at half-past 4 p.m. Brisk S. winds, and squally weather throughout. We aro indebted to Captain Hill, of tho Balolutha, for late tiles of Southern papere, and a copy of the J Tome News of August 12th. Tub Suboouf. — The Melbourno Government is understood by the Melbourne Argus to hnve been in a state of extreme perturbation as to whether it should give or refuse consent to H.I.M.S. Surcouf b taking in thirty tons of ooala which she wants to carry lier to New Caledonia. Tho provisions and wator which sho required were allowed without demur, but tho supply of the thirty tons of coal, although these aro only required for present consumption equally with the water and provisions, is regarded by the nblo lawyers, who at present presido over the destinies of tho Crown Jaw oflicee, as involving a point of international law ot the most obtrusive and recondite character. The contractors who were to famish tbe various supplies put the provisions and water on board without delay, but the delivery of tbo coals was withheld till an answer could bo obtained from tbo Government. This bad been promised but its absence kept everything in abeyanco. Tbe moBt absurd feuturo ot tbe matter iii, that, so far as tbe Surcouf is eoncornod, it makes little or no difference whether tbe ooals ore given or withheld. Had they bcou supplied or refused at flret, \- the Surcouf would havo been on her way to New Caledonia. Contain Crudollo wae not desirous of causing tho slightest complication, and was perfectly ready to loavo with the ship's bunkers empty, relying ... rync/i her canvas, at bo did coming down from Gnllo. Howover, it Is to bo presumed that tho presont caso is Ngordod as ono that will form a precedent, and that having supplied, or refused to supply, tbo Surcouf, wq aro bound to do tbo eauio to all future sbipB of cither of tbo bolligoronte whioh may visit our port. It is possible that wo may bo visited before long by a French frigate, tbo Ndrel'do, which used to lo carry fifty guns, but is now used ns a transport, and only has two. Sho was passod in tbo Straifo of Gibralter by the Summit on June 3, and was understood to be taking convicts, stores, <fco., to some of tho remoto French stations, amongst them New Caledonia. — A good deal of exoite- mont prevniloil (savs the Australasian) on tho rumour being circulated that a French war steamer bod arrived at the Heads, and was ooming up the bay. When her liamo was reported, and sha ronohod tho bay and gave nn account of herself, it wbb found that ebo was tho Surcouf, a Fronoh ship, whoso doparturo from Gallo on tho 4th August, five days before tho moil steamer, was already known through tbo modium of tbo Ceylon journals, and consequently that she loarnod news bore instead of being the bearer of myetorious later intelli gence. Thus unxioty rapidly bcoamed allnvcd. Tho Surcouf is a screw-steamer of about 250 tons, with ongincs of 150 horse-power, and is one of tho emallost vossols in tho Fronoh navy. Sho is omployod mora as a despatch boat, than for notuul fighting purposes, and lior nrmamont, which is not very formidable, consists of only four guns. Tbo Surcouf is commanded by Captain Loon Crudollo, who has under him llvo officers and a orow of 103 men. Sho is by no means a bad model, and although at present sho sIiowb traces cxtor pally of hor lengthened eruiso from Brest, thoro is no doubt that wlion painted nud cleaned up, sho will prosont a smarter uppoaranco. Sho iB a wojdou vessel, ship-rigged, with very taut lower masts, and sails woll under canvas, and a very fair estimate of hor sailing oapabilitios may bo formed from the fact of lior having mado tbo l-uu from Gallo to this port in 87 days, in which poriod Bho was only ono day junior steam. Cap tain Crudollo raports that ho loft Gallo oil tho 4th ultimo, and experienced strong variable winds on tbo passnge, nnd arrivod off Port Phillip Heads on Satur day night, but kept an offing until Friday morning. Sho has put iu hero for a small supply of coals, some fresh provisions, and water. Tub Galatea. — H. M. S. Galatea, Captain H.R.H. tbo Duko of Edinburgh, after an absonco of soventccn months, lias again arrived in port. On hor doparturo from Sydney iu April, 18G9, sho proceeded to Welling ton, nnd alitor visiting tbo ports in New Zonlund, sailed for Japan, China, and tho Indian Presidency ; nnd tlieneo to Gallo, Mauritius, and Capo of Good Hope, at which port tho Gnlatoa foil in with tbo H. M. S. Olio, Commodoro Stirling, latoly appointed to tbo Australian Station. Tho two ships loft in company for Now Zealand on the 14th July, and, after a very boisterous passage, arrivod at Wellington on tbo 27th August within a few hours of each other, although (hey parted company shortly after lonving the Capo. There has been no ohango among tho officers sinco tbo Bhip's former visit, and in outward nppcaraneo tho noble frigato is nB staunch and trim as over. "Jack" bus a strong partiality for pots, and bo iB cortainly fully Buppliod on bonrd the Galaton, in tbo shape of nn olophant ; it is u remarkably lino animal, some seven feet high, is perfectly doailo, and roams about tbo dock and among tho guns in the most unconcerned manner, invading the sanctity of tbo quarter- deck with impunity. Tbo Galatea will bo at onco placed in dock to have lior copper examined, nnd will probably re main in Sydney two months. H. M. ships Clio nnd Galatea lett. Wellington on tho 3rd instunt, tinder canvns, nnd parted company about 300 miles from this const ; tho lattor vossel tbon got up Bteam, it being tbo intention of Commodore Stirling to prosecute tbo re mainder of tho passage under canvas, tbo machitiory being out of order. Tho Galatea was signallod ' ton miles north of tbo Hoads at daylight yesterday, but owing to tbo tido not serving, did not cross tlio bar until 11 a.m., whon she was brought up tho harbour to lior moorings in Farm Cove iu chargo of Pilot Jenkins. When tbo Galatea oaiuo to anchor sho was quicltly surrounded by boats, and several goutloinon proceeded on board, among whom wore tbo mombors of tbo Ministry, to welcome the Royul Captain, bis officers, and men to Sydney onoe more. Tho Dnko landed in tbo afcerooon, and took a drivo in tho direc tion of South Head. His Royal' Highness looks re markably woll. H. M. S. Clio. — H. M. S. Clio, tho relioving ship on tho station, carrying tho pennant of Commodore Stirling, arrived in port on Saturday uioruiug. Tbo Clio ie of the same class as tbo Challenger, is of 1472 tons and 4U0 horse-power, with a full complement of guiw& "tfio n'MfrttSiV; weapons. Tbo Olio was commissioned on tbo 22nd March last, and sailed from Plymouth in April. Sho touohod at St. Vincent, where elio remained three days, and from thence proceodad to tho Capo of Good Hope, whore sho fell in with H. M. S. Galatoa, tbo two vobsoIb leaving in noropany for Now Zealand on tbo 14th July. 1'liny arrivod at Wellington on tho 27th ultimo, whoro Commodoro Stirliug hoisted his flag. 