A COUNTY F AM ILY CHAPTER XXVIII. — MR. WII.I.IAM ENJOYS SOCIETY. That henviness may endure for a night, but joy cometh in tlio morning, was cortardy not written of the vicions. To them tho begin- ning' of tlio day more than any other time brings tho reproof of Nature. I t is then that sho chiefly resents upon tho wrong-door his 'contravention of her laws, and, until he has commenced his daily round of life, hidden 'himself from her among his baso companions, or forgotten her in strong liquors, her presence is irksome and hateful. It was at breakfast of nil moals that Mr. William Blackburn ap peared to least advantage ; and on tho morn ing succeeding his long vigil, ho was a piloous sight to bohold. Mrs. Blackburn regarded liirn with unfeigned Aorror, as sho thought of that mysterious visfcfn of the previous day, and what it might portend. "I shall bo glad indood," saiil she, seeing him heap this and that upon his plate, until it was like the "Douglns larder," and yet scarcely swallow a mouthful, "when tho time is ripe for out going to tho cottago, for your sake, Willy, as much as for that of your poor father. I am pure you want change of air." "I don't know whether I shall go to tho cottago at all," answorcd her son gruffly ; and at all events, I shan't go yet." "Not go, Willy ? " pleaded sho. " Why, you surely would not stop hero alone ! — What can you have to lccop you at llodcombo ? " " Something that women understand nothing about," growled ho — '"business." And with that scanty information Bbe was fain to bo content. Tt was certainly a business of a light kind and one that did not keep Mr. William within doors. It was his habit to lounge about tho grounds, and park, and village all day, tho very typo of a loafer. But he now confined himself to tho grounds only. Instead of his old listless look, his eye seemed over on tho watch, his ear upon tho stretch, for somo ono coming ; he would break off suddenly in his .speech to liston to sounds that heralded nothing, to staro with eager looks into the distance, where nothing showed itself. Ho was alert, and yet distraught. Doubtless unwilling, for good masons, to bo from homo upon Mr. Dean's arrival, which would probably occur at somo reasonably early hour, ho was awaiting that gontloman's visit ; for when tho dusk began to thicken ho would set out none know whither, but for such a distance \- — and it was observed that his steps always took tho direction of Mosedale — as often brought him home long after dinner was finished. On one occasion, being later than ever, his mother ventured to reiiionstrate with him: "You should consider, dearest Willy, there are guests in tho house, and your poor father is not hero to do tho honors. I do not Jike to see Mr. Waller sitting opposite to mo Instoad of my boy." "Very well, mother," said ho, "it shall not occur again," In spito of herself, Mrs. Blackburn could not but feel amazed at her son's ready obedience. His toue, if not tender, which perhaps it could not bo, for voices lose thoir 'tenderness through long disuse, was not rough, but hollow and nervous. His face was deadly pale, and his brow damp, and his whole appearance showed that ho had boon walking far and fast. " How ill and tired you look, Willy; you over fatigue yourself; and do mako haste to change your things, for see, your boots and loggings are quite wet." "I came tlirongh the .furze, and it was heavy with dew," said ho, " that's all." " But how hungry you must be, darling. I will bring my knitting and sit with you whilo you eat." "Yes, do mother," said ho. It was almost the first tiino ho had expressed a desire for her company, and tho poor lady was in raptures. At tho same tiino, this change in his behaviour, which had during the last few days been ovon moro unusally brusque and surly, really alarmed her. It struck her that ho must surely be ill. The apprehension of tho warning vision having had reforonco to him, recurred to lior with redoubled vehemenco, for, curiously enough, it had novor oven entered into her miud that it might bo Ellen's life that was imperilled. She had had his favourite viands kept in readiness for him, but ho ate scarcely anything, though he drank freely ; nnd this did not tend to. mako him less anxions. Yot she did not dare to recur direct to tho subject, for which ho had shown a particular distaste. " Mr. Allcaso called whilo you were away, Willy, and ho thinks tho weather is now quite mild enough for us to leave homo ; and Mr. Waller tells ine that tho Eishory is look ing so bright and comfortablo, with everything ready for our reception." William laid down 'his knife and fork. "Has Mr. Wallor been over yonder to-day ? " asked he earnestly. " Yes, darling ; ho had business in Mosodale this afternoon, and so very kindly ho rodo over to see how things wero looking at tho cottage." "When did ho go? When did ho come back ? I mean at what hour ? " " He Btarted aftor luncheon, and ho was home again by six nt latost my doar. I wonder you saw nothing of him upon tho moor." "I did not go to tho moor to-dny ; I walked in tho opposite direction. — How is fathor ? " "Well, no worse, at all evonts. Mr. Allease says ho can quite bear the journey, and oh, doar Willy, I do so hope you'll go with us. Thore will bo the fishing, you know; and though thore is no billard-roora, Mosedulo is quito close ; and Lucy and Mr. Waller will bo almost as much with us thore, as thoy are now, although we have no sleeping room for thorn in tho cottage. Mr. Stanhopo, too, has kindly promised to stay on with us. I don't think you need be very dull thore. Come, dear, it is not often that I ask a favour of you, but for my sako, if not for your own — and I am sure you need the chango — do promise me to go with us to tho Fishery. " " Vory well, mother; I will go with you, sinco you make such a point of it." " You good, doar boy, you have no idea how happy you mako me!" murmured Mrs. Blackburn, with dim eyes. "And now I will leavo you to have your cigar in poaco upon tho terrace." " No ; I shall not go out agniu to-night ; I have been out enough. Whore are Waller and Stanhope?" "They are not in tho smoking room, so that you can have it all to yourself, dear. They are playing a gamo at billiards." These two gentlemen woro wont to have their oignrs togothor in tho Squiro's sanctum, unhonoured by Mr. William's presonco, who found companions moro suitod to his nature in the saddle-room, or at tho public-house. But on this occasion, notwithstanding that lie might have had tho little room all to himself, he joined their company, and even voluntoorod to keep their scoro for thorn ; this ho did as usual with tho rest : and tho way in which that instrument rapped against the marking fcoard, through the Uouibling of his hands tnado tho two players look at ono another significantly : the ono remarked in a whisper " that their friond was like tho Cock-lano ghost;" and tho other, under cover of a canon, expressed his bolief that thoy wero going to have D.T. in the house again before very long. When invited to play himself, ilr. William protested he was much too tired; and yet, when the others wero about to put away their cuos, ho persuaded them to liavo ono more game, and still anot.hor, until Stan hopo declined point blank. Novor had tho young Squiro shown himself so dociio to his mother, so alfablo to his guests, as upon that night, nor it may bo added, so disinclined for his own unimproving society. Was it possiblo that Mr. William Blackburn had taken his mother's words to heart at last, and was about to turn ovor a now leaf ? CHAPTER XXIX. — UXCI.E DEAX. Tho next day Mr. William's conduct still showed signs of grace. Ho was silont ; but thon in his caso silonco was indeed golden, though his speech could scarcoly have been described as "silvern," but rather as small chango in brass. He not only made 110 objec tion to tho family migration to "tho Fishery," which it was arranged at breakfast should take place on tho ensuing day, but evinced a strong desiro to depart at onco : " Why couldn't they go that very afternoon ? " This could not bo done at such short notice, because of certain arrangements necessary to bo effected for the invalid ; but it was suggested by Mrs. Blackburn that all was ready at the cottago, if William liked to precede tlio party by four- and-twonty hours, and establish himself there alono. But this ho would by 110 moans listen to ; I10 would wait and travel with tlio rest. His sociability was so oxtremo as to bccomo almost oppressive to poor Mr. Wallor, to whom ho chiefly attached himself. " I like to hear you talk, Waller, you havo got such capital stories : bo lively, tliero's a good fellow, bceauso I feel rather down in the mouth, and as if, somehow, I was going to bo ill." Tt was rather difficult to bo lively under such depressing circumstances, and especially as his companion did not oxhibit tho slightest appreciation of his efforts, or indeed appear to listen to ono word ho said. His eyo was on tho watch, his car was on tho stretch, for that expected somo 0110 moro than over. Yot, when tho footman caino into tho room whero thoy woro sitting late in the afternoon, with : " You aro wanted, if you ploaso, sir, by a person in tho front hall," Mr. William scomod by no means relieved by that indefinite sum mons. On the contrary, his lips grow white, and his jaw fell, so that lie could not uttor a word ; and it was ready Mr. Waller who put tho questiou for him : " What sort of a person is it, John, and what is his businoss ? " "Well, sir, ho said he wouldn't givo his narao, but that Mr. William knew all about liiin. I think bo's some sort of a liorsey gent." "Yes, yes," said William, with a tcstinosa which tho sharp eyes of tho ex-M.P. at onco porceivod was assumed to conceal a senso of relief, " I know tlio follow. I have been expecting him this long timo. It's n disagreeable business. — I am afraid I must see him alone, Waller. — John, if there is no 0110 in tho drawing- room, show liiin in there ;" and in a few minutes tlio young Squire was face to luce in that gorgeous saloon with the man who had known him in la's least prosperous days, and who knew his secret, but to whom, as wo have seen, ho had made tip his mind not to givo a sixpeiico of hush- money, and to carry matters with a high hand. Still, Mr. William's manner was far from that of ono who wishes to pick a quarrel, or even to maintain a frigid isolation, as I10 rose and shook bauds with Uncle Dean. This gen tleman, whom circumstances had associated with hot-so - flesh, and whoso tight-fitting trousers and sporting scarf-pin had doubtless led tlio footman to that just conclusion, had certainly not bo intended by nature for tho saddle. Ho was upwards of six foot high, and of great weight, if thore is any truth in the adage : " it is bono that woighs ; " bnt, whether from tlio constant habit of physical "jockoy- ing"— that leaning forward to hurtle with the reins — or from that moral "jockeying" which requires an earthward vision and a closo in spection of ono's fellow croaturcs, bis back was bent into a bow, which, assisted by the quick, soarching glance that I10 bestowed upon his nephew by marriage, tnado liiin look ono liugo noto of interrogation. Ho had placed a deep band of crape round his hat, in token of his sorrow for tlio loss of their common re lative; but his long waistcoat was bright yollow, his trousers green, and his scarf a brilliant bluo. Perhaps the poetry of bis nature, forbiddon an ontlot through tho usual channol, exhibited and expanded itself in colour, butcortainly lie. was very highly tinted ; nor was it his own fault, but Time's, that tlio hair which had boon rod was now quito groy. "How are you, Doan ? It was kind of you to coino and look mo up. I am only sorry that tlio liouso is full, so that I cannot ask you to tako abed." "Don't mention it, Mr. Black burn, don't montion it. I had 110 idoa of sponging on you to that oxtont, I do assure you ; hut being in tho neighbourhood, and wishing to hoar about poor Bess " "That's a sad story, Dean," broko in tlio otlior hastily, "and I don't wish to talk about it. Tako somo wiu.o — tako somo gin. — Hero, what's your name ? bring this gentleman somo gin and hot water. — That usod to be your tipplo, did it not ? " " Why, yes, and yours too, in the old clays," said Mr. Dean slily ; " but there, I suppose with the run of tlio cellars of a placo liko this, you nover touch anything worso tlinn champaguo and brandy. .. Doar, dear, what a change it seems ! Richardson and I were talking over it only tho other evening." "Richardson is an infernal scoundrel," ob served Mr. William bluntly. "Well, ho does run a littlo near the wind at timos, 110 doubt. But so wo all do, for tlio matter of that, or liavo done, eh, Mr. Blackburn ? As ho was saying, only think of you being hero a squiro, and a magistrate, I supposo, and all tho rest of it ; sonding poor lolks to prison. Lor, what a gamo it is ! " " Yos, Mr. Doan, aucl it's a game that I liavo taken caro shall not bo spoiled by any man," said the other slowly. " T felt, of courso, that I nood novor fear any molestation from you ; but knowing what sort of a man Richardson was, and how like liiin it would ho to hold ovor my bead, as it wore, for tlio purpose of extorting money, that troublo I got into at Chester, I mado up my mind, upon assuming my position hero, to mako a 1 clean broast of it at onco." " You don't moan to toll 1110 that all tlicso lino folks about hero know that you wero in that liorso job, and 1 got" (Mr. Dean looked cautiously rouud the 1 1-ooit), and tlio shining faces of tlio inlaid cabinets and gilded mirrors scorned to make , him moro cautious, for his voico sank to a whisper) — "got put into quod?" "Yes, I do," said Mr. William boldly. "I don't say that tho servants and village people havo been told, bnt evorybody with whom the knowledge of such a circumstanco could do mo harm was put into possession ol it at onco. Of course, it did do 1110 harm, but tlio worst is past, and tlio ground 011 which I stand at least is firm. If yon still doubt me," for tlio otlior still woro a very incredulous look, "ask Mr. Herbert Stanhope, whom I suppose you know, and who is staying here at present." As Undo Dean sat rubbing his chin with his large hand, you might liavo thought that his faco was mado of indiarubbor, and that ho was pulling it out inches at a tiino, so obviously did it lengthen at tlieso words. It was evident to him that tlio moral lover which ho bad brought with him to work upon his nepliew-by-marriage would have 110 mechanical force. " So Mr. Stanhopo is with you, is ho?" observed ho slowly. "I know of moro than one ' party ' that would bo glad to know whore ho was." " Owes money, does lio ? " " Money ! lie owes a forluno. Gazccbo must have cost him twenty or thirty thousand pounds at Goodwood ; that is, lie would liavo cost him, if ho could havo paid it. Tlio idoa is that ho has gone abroad for a timo, and that wlion lie comes back lio will settle everything ; and Sporting Dawlisli sticks by him in that story. But there, sinco Mr. Stanhopo is a friond of yours, I'm inutn. What a fine room this is, Mr. Blackburn, and what a fine place ! Lor, if my poor Bess could but rise out of her gravo . What's tlio matter, sir ? " " Mattor, man ! " cried Mr. William, trembling violontly — "did not I toll you not to talk about her, not to speak upon that subject ? If she liapponed to bo alive, I couldn't stop yon ; I am quito awaro of that. You would havo beon coming over hero a dozen times a yoar to borrow money of me, upon tlio scoro of our relationship. But, mark 1110 ! if ever I givo yon a farthing — and I don't say I will, mind — it must bo upon tho distinct undor.standing that you nover breatlio a word about — about your lato niece. — Tho fact is," and here William began to whine and wliiinpor, "you may believe it or not as you please, Doan, but I was not altogether a good husband to that poor girl ; I was harsh and rough with hot- at times ; and now she's gone, I can't bear to think about it." " And sho was a dclioato creetur, too," said Mr. Doan, shaking his hand. Poor Bess had been really his own nioce, and per haps his conscience pricked him in that lie had not been altogether a good uuelo to her ; or perhaps I10 wished to exaggerate tho case, as a question for damages. " As doiicato a creetur as ever I saw." "Just so," said William. " Sho died of a consumption, with which she had long boon threatened, out in foreign parts. The wliolo mattor is ono with which all my pooplo aro well acquainted, but of which they do not speak, because they know it pains mo. You will oblige 1110, there fore, Mr. Dean, by being silont also. Tlioro is nothing to bo gained by speaking of it, either to mo or anyono else, you undorstand that, I supposo ? " Uncle. Dean nodded assent; I10 had care fully gone over that idea, with an eye to business, and bad been obliged to come to the conclusion that no profit could be made out of a relationship that had become extinct. It had afforded him an excuse for his present visit (the real object of which had been precisely what his nephew had foreseen) and nothing more could reasonably be expected of it. "Very well," said Mr. William, "you will distinctly bear in mind, then, that any present which T may think fit to make you now or hereafter is neither a tax nor a duo. T fear 110 menace, as you may tell that scoundrel Richardson, if you please — and 1 acknowledge 110 claim in respect of our late connection by marriage." " I see that, sir, all quito plain," answered Mr. Dean deferentially. "I am quite sure you have 110 call to help me with a shilling — though, if Bess had been alive,- and knew that her poor uncle, who brought her up JVom childhood, was so devilish hard up as lie is just now" "There, there, that will do, Mr. Dean ; T was quite aware that wo were coming to that at last. Well, 1 had a hundred pounds with your noiee when I married her, and I don't say but that I may bo induced to refund it to you as her representative, upon a certain condition.'' "I'll tako my solemn oath, Mr. Blackburn, that I'll never speak of Bess again as long as I live, if tli it is what you want. Of course, if you're going to marry again (as I hear is the case), you don't want people tittle-tattling all over the county about your late wife and her humble station just now." " Excuse me, Sir. Dean," said the other peremptorily, "you would seem to imply that your silence is of some material importance to me : whereas 110 word of yours respecting your late noiee eould affect my interest in the smallest degree. It is merely a question of sentiment. I have asked you, as a favour, to avoid in future all mention of a certain .subject, though I do not deny that you may have lrit upon my reason for so doing. The condition I would impose is something quite different. You say that you know more than one party to whom Mr. Herbert Stanhope owes large sums, and who would he glad to know of his whereabouts." " Yes, Mr. Blackburn, I do ; but I'll lie mum as death for your sake — and in consideration of that hundred pounds you spdak of." " Be so good as to hear inn out, Mr. Dean. You say that Mr. Stanhopo owes in all twenty or thirty thousand pounds, flow is it lie has not been declared a de faulter?" "Well, it's all Mr. Dawlish's doing, that is. He has the ear of sonic of our big men, and has persuaded thorn to wait ; but there's others as I know of as have a matter eleven thousand pounds, or perhaps twelve thousand pounds in all, against Mr. Stanhope, and they're, hungry enough, I can tell you. They havo been told it will ho better for thorn not to press matters ; hut that don't stay their stomachs, you see, and they would liko to know what I know, most uncommon. It's so precious difficult, you see, to get hold of a chap abroad.'' "Just so. I will write you a cheque for fifty pounds, Mr. Dean, upon the understanding that you tell thorn (not from me, of course, butasu pioco of information von happen to have obtained) that Mr. Herbert Stanhopo is staying here. Let tliem press him as hard as they please. Do you comprehend, man ? " " Very good, Mr. Blackburn ; hut " — Uncle Dean hesitated a moment, and it is possible that across his untutored mind there flittered some crude notion of violated hospitality — "I warn von that they'll make it very hot for him. Once they think that they have been deceived, they'll he as eager a? 1 a pack of hounds who have been thrown of i the scent, and suddenly find it In-east high. 1 They'll he fit to tear liim to pieces." "Lei 1 theui tear him," said Mr. William sullenly " When you havo set tliem on, hut not before, 1111 send you the cliequo for the. other fifty." "'You may consider that as good as done. Mr. Blackburn," said uncle Dean as lie drained his glass and rose from his chair. "If you have 110 other commands forme, it is timo tliat I should he off.'' " As you pleaso Mr. Dean. This is a sick house, or I should have been glad to oiler you something more of hospitality. 1 havo guests who, I do assure you, aro less welcome. Perhaps, by the way, it will be well that you should see 011c of them, whose voice I can hear upon the terrace yonder, with your own eyes ; you will not then need to speak from hearsay." Mr. William pointed to the window, aiul bidding tho other to look out withoijt being observed, asked liiin what ho saw. " I see. a very pretty young woman, and a young man who has his hack to me, hut is evidently making himself most uncommon agreeable to her. I should say tlioro was love in the case on one side, at the very least — Now he turns ; yes, that's my man, sure enough ; and I confess T'111 sorry for it, Mr. Blackburn ; for Mr. Stanhope was ever an open- handed young gentleman so long as there was any " " Hero is a cheque for the fifty," interrupted the other coolly. "And now I will show you to your vehicle by the back way, sinco it's just as well our young friend yonder should not know to whom he is indebted for whatever happens. — Good-bye, Dean, and re v-mber tho sooner you set about your work tic sooner you will get your pay. — Yes, yes," muttered Air. William as lie re entered the house alone, "I'll put a spoke in Mr. Stanhope's wheel for him ; twice has lie interfered in my affairs ; so that I shall owe. liim one even when these hornets come about him." He turned into the little room where lie had loft Mr. Waller ; hut that gentleman, as soon as lie had got released from his companion, bad incontinently fled. It was growing dusk, and solitude was so insupportable, to the young Squire, that lie hastened to join the pair upon the terrace, notwithstanding that they wero two individuals whom, of all the unloved world, lie liked the least. But at the open Hall door lie stopped, petrified with amazement at what lie saw upon tho terrace. As Uncle Dean had described it, there was indeed a young man making himself so very agreeable to a young woman that it seemed that love 11111st lie upon one side at least ; he was leaning forward and | speaking eloquently, if not passionately, into her vory. cm, while she, though shaking her fair head with gravity, by 110 means had the appearance of inflexible denial. But what bad turned Mr. William into stone, as though it wero a Gorgon's head, and had also transform ed his features into some likeness of a Gorgon, was this, that the object of these marked at tentions of Mr. Herbert Stanhopo was not Ellen, as of course her uncle had expected it to ho, but Lucy Waller ! CHAPTER XXX. — THE JOURNEY. Mr. William Blackburn, as we have seen, was by 110 means of Sir John Suckling's opinion ; . If sho ho not fail- to mo What caro I liow fair sho bo? but coveted Lucy all the more that she, on her part, exhibited 110 sort of inclination for liiin. The scene ho had witnessed on the terrace transported him for a time with rage, and laid up in his mind a third occasion of hatred against Herbert Stanhope, in comparison with which the two already garnered there wero hut slight. It is likely enough, indeed, that he might have been mistaken as to the cause of that gentleman's cause of warmth of manner towards a young lady who had been his friend and neighbour from childhood, and, on the other hand, Lucy herself had certainly mani fested 110 corresponding emotion ; but when was jealousy capable of reflection? Under tlio circumstances, it is wonderful that William' Blackburn was able to conceal the anger that consumed liim ; hut tho fact was the spectacle he had witnessed was not altogether without its mitigation.: he felt himself tolerably secure of Lucy, since hor father's fortunes depended upon her consent ; and he was not displeased, for a certain reason, to persuade himself that Stanhope was not personally devoted to Ellen. At all events Air. William's manner continued as urbane as we have observed it to he for the last four-and-twenty hours, and his inclination for society as strong ; of this latter, tho fol lowing was a curious example : Mr. Waller and his daughter had departed the next morn ing for Alosedalo, upon the understanding that they should spend the ensuing day at the Fishery, and Air. Stanhopo accompanied tliem as for as Curlew Hall, where lie had business to occupy him for a few hours ; so that the Blackburn family were for once left to them selves. " I. suppose, Willy, you will take the mare over to the cottage?" said AUs Black burn after her guests hail departed. " You will have a charming ride, across the moor." "Why so?" inquired lie sharply. "Why should I not drive with you?" "Well, of course, my darling, we should he only too glad of your company ; hut then, you see, there is hut room for two in the invalid carriage which takes your poor fathor." "Then let Ellen go in that, and do you come with 11m in tlio brougham. We have never yet ridden in our own carriage together, you and T." ADs. Blackburn hesitated ; perhaps it struck her that, if not now, she would probably never again drive with her Anthony, and that it was to him that her duty was first owed ; but she gave way as usual, and the brougham was ordered accordingly. Only she did insist 011 its following tho other vehicle instead of preceding it. Her son, whoso desire to get away from Rcdcombe seemed to grow stronger every hour, would have had it driven at a quicker rate, "so as," said lie, "to be at the cottago beforehand, and get all things ready for tho governor." But his mother was firm in adhering to her own plan. " Everything is prepared there, Willy, and T will not consent to bo separated from your father more than has been already done. Think if anything should happen to him 011 the way, and I wero not close at hand, could I ever forgive my self?" And so, not unlike a funeral procession, the invalid carriage, with its motionless occupant 1 and Ellen took the lead, while tho brougham followed at the same slow pace. The villagers lined tho little street in mournful silence. The short experience they had had of the old : Squire's rule had been a favourable one, and they hail every reason to expect less good at his successor's hands. As for the report of i the estates having been left to Aliss Ellen, ; thev did not credit it ; the Blackburn land had : always gone from father to soil. It was indeed f a melancholy exodus. It was observed that ATr. William was very pale and awed, and i exhibited much more feeling than lie had been . supposed to possess. Singular to say this not only continued to Via tho case with him, hut he even grew more serious as they proceeded 011 their journey. In vain his mother endea voured to console him. " You must not givo way so, dear AVilly, although I am glad to see you so deeply touched. Tt is rather for me to weep, who must soon lose the friend anil lover of fifty years yonder. The hist time, yes, the very last that he and I journeyed together this way " The poor lady could not finish the sentence ; the memory of the past was too hitter to he. shaped in speech ; it was a fact that the last time she and Anthony laid taken Alosedalo road together was on their way to lie married, when they were little moro than hoy and girl. Tlioro are probably lmt few old people, even of the most unsentimental sort, o'n whom at times somo thought of this kind must not intrude, more affecting, surely, than any grief which self-conscious youth imagines or supposes. Perhaps the springs of regret aro as fast frozen in their case as those of passion ? Heaven grunt it may lie so. Tlie.ro was 0110 consideration that certainly tended to Airs. Blackburn's comfort — tlio universal senso of her husband's hopoloss eon-, dition confined her own approliensious to that channel, and removed hor anxiety with respect to hor son. If any warning of approaching dentil had really beon sent tlirongh lior to tlio House of Blackburn, it must surely needs liavo relation to tlio poor Squiro, whom all men thus regarded as a doomed and dying man. It was in continuation ot this idea, so strong in its possession of her mind that sho was probably ignorant of not having giving it expression, that she suddonly whispered, as they drew near tho termination of tho moor land ; " Wo aro getting near tho vory place now, Willy." Her son had boon loaning back with closod ej-es, but lie openod tliem at those words, and turned upon lior a faco of ghostly horror. " Don't fear, Willy," said sho, herself greatly alarmed at his appearance, inasmuch as lie had hitherto affected to speak of tlio mattor with contemptuous disbolief : " it is your poor father who lias bocu sent for if any body, and not you, darling. I feel quito suro of that, except when you look so strange ns you aro doing now. What 011 earth ails yon, Willy ? " " Nothing, nothing," gasped lie. — "Why don't they drive faster? Tlicy iire stopping, they are stopping, I toll you. What do they see?" "Stopping?" cried his molhur : "then something has liapponed to Anthony ; 0 dear ! 0 dear ! " and as the brougham pnllod up, sho oponcd the door, and got out quickly. " Stay hero, stay with me," cried William wildly: "I will not he loft alone." But sho was already out of hearing. Aftor all, the loading carriage had but. stop ped on tho.brow of tlio stoop Red moor hill to put tlio drag on ; but Airs. Blackburn soizoil tho opportunity to look in upon tho invalid. Was it her fancy, or had tho passing through tho air really revived him somowhat from that long lethargy, and oven called up a tingo of colour in his pallid cheeks ? Or was it pos siblo that tho scent of tlio fir grove, or the sight of its gontly waving tops had in his mind also awakoned a rominiscenco ? Certainly his eyes welcomed his wife with a glanco of ineffable tondornoss, such as tliey bad not shed for many a day. "I think lio would liko you to got in and sit by bis side, grandmother," whispered Ellen earnestly. " I will, 1 will," replied sho. " But do you tako my placo with Willy. Your unclo is not well, Ellon ; look to liiin." Hor grandmother and sho therefore changed places, ft was tho first timo for weeks that Ellou had been left alono with her uncle, and she shrank from tho idoa of his rough com panionship ; but, to lior astonishment., ho seernod pleased to seo hor, and scarcely to notico that sho was his mother's substitute. She was about to explain why sho had left t.lio other carriage, but ho interrupted lior with incoherent words : "Quito right. Good girl, good girl. Wo aro moving now. Faster, faster ! Why do thoy linger ? Let 1110 hold your hand ;" and lie took hor fuigors in his own and clasped thorn tight. "Aro we down tho hill yet? Havo wo passed the — tho fir- grovo ? Is tho moorland out of sight?" j For again lie hail closed his eyes, as though ! unwilling to look out upon tho landscape. " We aro nearly down tho'hill, undo," answer ed Ellon quietly, though in oxtromo surpriso ; "tlio moor is out of sight, and I can only just catch tho top of tlio embankment of tlio rosorvoir. Now wo are stopping onco moro to tako tho drag off. Tho valloy lies open boforo 11s, and tlioro is Alosedalo Church spiro." She went on talking, not lor talking'.) salco, bnt with that dosiro wliioli seizes lis wlion alono with tlioso with whom wo aro ill at oaso to avoid silonco. "It is cortaiuly warmer horo than at Rodcombo ; it scorns as though wo woro miles and rnilos away already. IIow green and summcr-Iiko aro these fiolds and woods!" "Ay, so thoy aro. Tt looks quito di Heron t as you say. Tho air is bettor too ; I Colt so opprcssod just now — it was tlio warmth of tho fir-grove, T supposo — that I could hardly broatho. Did I not look ill ? Did I not say foolish things ? I think I must- havo boon half fainting." "You looked very pale, uncle, but scein much hotter now. As you say, tlio air is delightful, though it is surely not so fresh as on tlio moorland. Heaven grant it may do grandfather somo good!" "Just so: it's lovely. I think I'll just smoko a pipo. Tobacco always does mo somo good. I'm doucod glad wo have left Rodcombo, for I think the placo was beginning to disagree wiLli ino ; at least I felt uncom monly hipped." " It has boon a sad liouso of lato to all of us," sighed Ellon. "First, tlio tidings of poor Aunt Boss's death ! What a kind heart sho had, and how sho loved you, unclo ! T can scarcely picture to mysolf that sho is really doad ; and I sometimos think " — Sho hesitated. "Think what ?" interrupted William fiercely. "Well, perhaps it's wrong, unclo : but I sometimos think that if sho had beon amongst us, and lived at homo, and especially ns wo livo now, no longor pinched and worried by poverty, sho might havo beon spared to us yot. Doar pationt, loving Bess, I soora toscolior now !" "Don't bo a fool," cried Unclo William angrily. "Why do you talk about a subject which I dotost ? That is, 0110 that is naturally painful to mo. You aro worso than your grand mother ; sho is always talking about dying peojilo, as if I could liolp tlio governor's being in such a had way. Is it not enough to bo with liim all day, without coming downstairs and tolling otlior people all about it, so as to mako their (losli creep?" "You see, unclo, doar grandmother fiud3 it hard to get poor grand father out of hor thoughts." " So it seems, indoed. But that romiuds me. — Idarosayyou. Miss Ellen, aro not so entirely wrappod up in . your graud father's stnto of health (howevet much you may ho intorcstod by his doatli) as < not sometimes to think of othor things — such as marriage, for instanco. — Tlioro, yon aro turning quito red, which is as good as a 'yos.' Woll, I daresay you think yourself quito suro of your young man — that you liavo only got to whistle to liim wlion you want him. But don't you bo too suro ; that's all I say." Ellen was indeed blushing scarlet, hut it was with contemptuous indignation at her uncle's words. Sh<\- had for the moment forgotten tho very existence of the person to whom I10 was alluding. "I say," continued Air. "William, "you may lie cut out by somebody whom you little suspect, if you are not civil to that fellow Stanhope — as civil as I am to Lucy, for in stance." " How can you talk of Lucy, uncle, in that way," cried Ellen passionately, "with dear Aunt Bess scarce cold in her grave?" There was a long pause ; the allusion was cer tainly not without its effect upon the widower; his face once more assumed a ghostly pallor, and even his lips turned white. Ellen began to think that she had given him too sharp a shook. " Look hero," said ho huskily ; " just mark me, once for all, you slut ; you mind your own business. It is about your own affairs, not mine, that I am talking to you. You are not holding this man Stanhope tight enough in hand." " .Mr. Stanhope is nothing to me, uncle," said Ellen (irmly. " Ay, hut he is, though ; and lie shall he loo, at all events for the present. Don't you know what grand- fatlu r wishes, miss, and ain't I here, as it were," in the place of your grandfather? You had hotter not make an enemy of me, T promise you." He grasped hor voughly by tlio wrist, and wore bis ugliest look. " I ain not going to lie thwarted by an- living soul. Do you bear that? If I think it well that you shall have this man, you shall have him ; and if not, not. You are to hold him now fast, now loose, jusi, as I tell yon, or, by Heaven ! it will bo tho worse for you. You don't know 1110 yet, or - Confound the wench, if she lias not fainted right off! I'm glad I've given hor a go A fright, however ; and lioro'o the Curlew with plenty of water to lning her round." Tim next minute thoy had crossed the bridge over the stream ; and the. Fishery with its littlo garden lay immediately bel'ore'lliein — as fair :i dwelling as was ever seen by river-side. (To bo continued.) The Lvtest Thini; " lx." — I t is rumoured in New York that an extravagant fashion h:;.' linen invented by certain madmen in the uppermost, circles of society, who have more money than they know what to do with. This is none other than that of having diamonds set into one's teeth. A Short Shift. — Four Iventuekians in gaol for murdering a neighbour had a surprise party from a hundred or two citizens, ilm other night. Thoy hadn't any last words ready, and wouldn't have had time to say them if they had. All leave families.. Scan : AI.u: : — Canadian Notion of Liu he. — The dominion has a new difficulty. Its Prime Alinister, Sir J'olin A. Alacdonald, says the Toronto <H»be., " lias been drunk for several days and incapacitated for business.'' lie drinks to drown his fears of the Fenians. He is often drunk : was drunk when the prince visited Ottawa. Canada lias no govonnenlal brains to spare to the sport of whiskey. Chirp .Justice's Justice. — There was "always soinothing now " from Africa in I'Lolemy's time, nnd in our day tlioro is always something fresh, soinothing provoking, somo curious ffttlo sur prise from tlio courts of justice in Victoria. Look nt two of yostcrdsy's (July 21) .sentences. Thomas AVobb Draper makes away with £12,000, nnd lights against jnstico to tho last, trying to givo lior tho slip ; and nearly succeeding in doing so, stands out for his legal rights, and thereby duties tho law to do its worst. Tlio hank does not got a shilling back from Draper, who may for aught wo know havo his plunder lodged sornowhoro 011 deposit nt n high rnto ofintcrost. William Elton Daniel is a clork who terminates a long caroor of faithful sorvitudo by yielding to n suildon tcmptntion anil oinbozzling a sum of £1100. Ho pleads guilty, acknowledges tho suproinncy of tho law, and craves its mercy. Draper and Daniels appear at tho judgmont seat togothor. Tlio dotiant and hardened culprit, whoso whole enroor was an imposturo, rocoivoil a sontonco of throo yoars' imprisonmont. Tho trembling sinner, who had confessed his first otl'oneo, and wlio had mado restitution, received four yoars. Tho man who stole tho thousands, nnd stuck to them, will bo liberated twolva mouths before tlio purloinor of tlio hundreds, who surrendered tho spoils. Draper, wo are nwaro, received tho maximum sontonco which could lie inflicted for a broach of tho section of tlio Trusts Statute undor which lie was arraigned. Still wo would havo liked tho Chief Jnstico to liavo attempted something in tlio way of reconcil ing tho two sentences. If ho could give Draper 110 moro, Daniels perhaps might havo roecivod a littlo loss, without the Oriental Bank object ing. Truly our Statute-book is fearfully and wonderfully .made. Would that it wero loss so. — Daihl Tele'graph. Cueatino the Undertaker. — It is so vory sel dom that a man dies and comos to lifo again a short timo afterwards that when a startling fact similar to this doos occur it is generally worth chronicling. Tt seems that n limn niunod Siuimol Talbot, a labourer, residing at Colac, Victoria, becoming suddenly indisposed, tho services of Dr. Rao wero called in, and after tho usual medi cal inspection tho man was ordered to lied, and tlio doctor departed to obtain tho necessary re medies. While away a messago was sont to him that Talbot had suddonly shufilod oil' his mortnl coil ; and bolioving tho statement to ho true, though somowhat surprised, lio drow out tho necossary certificate stating tho causo of death. Tlio friends of tho supposed deceased man imme diately took tlio necessary steps for tho funeral, tlio undertaker and tho registrar of deaths having boon informed of tlio mournful ovont, and no doubt chuckling at tho thought that businoss in thoir lino was looking up. In tho house where Talbot was laid "straight out upon his bed,' woro gnlliorod a number of women, and mourn ing and lamentation could bo hoard, tho friends weeping for tlio poor man, and would not bo conifortod. Wlion hi ! Talbot openod his eves, and stared around liim with marvellous surprise at tho scone which was being enacted in his honso. Of course, tho women scroaniod, and covered their faces, forming all mannor of thoughts about ghosts, and it was aftonvnrds found that Talbot had meroly swooned away, and had boon in a sort of tranco for a number of hours. Tho undortakor was compelled to desist making tlio cofiin, tlio registrar destroyed his cortificato, and tlio doctor indulgod himself with n hearty good laugh. Tlio joy of tho friends can, of course, ho bettor iiniurinod than do- scribed. — Colac Observer. Price or Bjikaii in Biuunvoon. — In consequence of tho incroaso in tho prico of flour our bakers horo liavo beon conipolled to raiso tho 2-lb. loaf to 5d. — Monitor. Penny Banks. — Tlio Ponny Bank nt Aralnon was duly oponoil last Saturday week with groat succoss. Thoro is no doubt tlint this will do much good among 11s, especially ns it is under ablo management. It is intended, if possible, to liavo n soconil placo for deposits in Newtown, so soon as somu convenient placo can bo nro- 1 cured. — Correspondent of Monitor. 