GEELONG "WEST ELECTION. the HON. GEAHA3I DEBET AT THE TOWN .HAliTi. \ ^?oUV.s meotin? °a Wednesday " attlio St. George hotel, in connect Vk the Qeclong West election de s rved the name of rowdy, that addressed .7 ,, 0 °.n- ljhe Treasurer at t lie Town Hall last night was doubly so. The attend uuce was very large, the hall being crowSed »th probably a thousand person! These in™r>- ibe V0ry neavJy equally divided Z li .•Opmi0ns; and as a consequence m the time Mr Berry commenced the disorder and disturbance was Tmmense Every few sentences were interiuptcd bv cheers, groans, and the usual amount nf ^T^ionM c"^- Mr Berry " o)po ' nents having adopted this course it was only to be supposed that his sun posters should retaliate when Mr James Hwiisop, the editor Of the Age, took the extraordinary course of-presenting himself on the platform; to interfere "in a Geelong election,"he being a Melbourne man. This, as may be supposed, aroused the ire of many present and in spite of the attempts of the Mayor, who presided, and the ap peals of Mr Berry, the meeting refused to hear Mr Harrison, and he will have, to return to Melbourne, after having accom plished the feat of telling the meeting that he agreed with Mr Berry, that it was time that there was an end .to anonymous slanders. Altogether, the" position of the Mayor, as chairman, was a most unenviable one, but his 'impartial conduct was the subject of general remark. The Mayor, in "opening the proceedings, shortly introduced Mr Berry, and appealed, to the meeting to give a fair hearing to all parties alike. The ■ lion. Graham • Berry was received I with a deafening storm of cheers, hissing, groaning, and a perfect Babel of sounds. Alter this had partially subsided, he said, almiasc partial disorder," that he appeared there prepared to set fully before them as far=asjhe wah able all the circumstances relating,. to. the present election, but of CDurse it-rested in the hands of the meeting, and if .the'y: did not choose to hear him, he was prepared to subject himself to the - decision of,'the ballot-box without saying another wora.^Now on these terms he chal lenged his opponents to give him a fair hearing, and it .would be understood that, if "they denied-it i to him, .that they were afraid of plain truth. (ApplaiiBe.) It was now some 15 months since he had been elected representative of the district, and he. would challenge anyone to say where he had departed "from the pledges then given. (Applause, "hear, hear," and groaning.) The time had passed;fofc'anonymous slan ders, and he was there to .meet them face to face in an intelligent*; manner, and he claimed an intelligent'answer., A change of Government had taken place some time since on a vote ■ of the majority of the Assembly. " Under what circumstances did that;change take place?;"■ (A voice, "Jim Crow.") Notice of a f resolution had been given in the^Assembly on which that' vote-was based, and be had copicd-.put the exact words of the, motion. He read the motion proposed' by Mr Byrne, affirming that in the opinion of the House it was un constitutional to elect a "Minister -of the Crown from outside the House, and then candidly "would ask if anyone: representing so important a eonstituency -.as IVest Gee lohg. when, called upon, to-'say" Aye" or :'?!fo " would not be compelled to-vote.as he had done." (Disorder-). Had he hot done so, lie should have been "a party to calumniating- and degrading' the- Legisla ture. He would ask that'meeting and every - man without a,prejudice, if,"in. choosing a colleague from ; outside the" House Mr M'Culloch bad not lowered the status of the Assembly in the i country ? ;t(Eenewed dis order.) ■ Every, man approving of this principle must admit that it was time the resolution was passed, and in* the House scarcely a dozen men could venture to justify the appointment. On all hands it was admitted that Mr M'Culloch had done wrong. ; His warmest friends both insido and outside the Assembly admitted that he had.-,made a mistake." (Cries' of Yes and No, with continuedrlisorder.) This.being the case, it was put to the Legislature whether or not he had done wrong. (Re newed disorder.) , They.must bear in mind that this question being put, it was absolutely impossible: to avoid giving au answer. If it were affirmed that it was right to ?go outside to seek for members of the Government it would form a precedent, and in doing so Mr M'Culloch bad not only overridden the Constitution Act, but bad" deprived the electors of the opportunity, of.:using their great privilege of voting for Ministers of the Crown—(Hear, bear, and disorder)—which, if the motion wa3 carried, it would show that the Assembly was anxious. (Renewed disorder). He would remind the meeting that if he., was to speak to them as he desired, it was essential that as much quiet as possible should be observed, as it was utterly impossible to speak for any length of time at such a high pitch of voice as to enter upon the different subjects of interest. (Hear, hear.) The speaker resumed his speech, but he had not uttered many words when he was interrupted with cries of. Col J lingwood, and so forth. : The Mayor interfered, and stated, that if order was not obsereved, be would not preside at such meeting. - * Mr Berry resumed. He.was saying that so far as the resolution of Mr Byrne was - concerned, excepting only twenty-six mem bers including ministers, or one- third of the whole House, could he found' bold enough lo affirm that the appointment was ad visable or judicious. These were the facts as they occurred, and could not he im pugued. The majority of the House tried to resent the insult cast upon tbem, and when the vote was passed Mr M'Culloch was not bound to resign if bo did not choose, and he (Mr Berry) told him that if he would retain office he would support him as previously. This showed that he was not anxious for a change of ministry) •but he was compelled in duty to the country and to his constituency to resent the in sult cast upon their representatives. Well the resolution was passed, and Mr M'Cul loeh's Ministry resigned, and the present ministry were in duty bound to take the place, and he was prepared to say that nei ther the country nor liberal principles would suffer' from the change. (Loud applause and groaning.) Man by man they were honest (applause), and so far the country had confidence in them, for some of the most important constituencies in. the colony had returned them again in spite of the most bitter, the most strenuous, and tfio most hostile opposition. (Applause and groaning.) . He boldly took up this stand-j tliey were reluctantly compelled to . answer the question put-to the Assembly,but had -no desire for'a change of-government. That change was brought about .by Mr M'Culloch himself, and the present Ministry were bound to. take up what hehaddrooped, for they were .from- the same party, every one of 'the'ui (Loud ' applause, and, groans mixed with cries-of ■ ■"yes,"- and.;''no." .What., were the constituencies this new ministry .repre sented?-. ; Thero was Ripon and Hampden, no mere pocket borough but a liberal consti tuency in the Western, district, comprising two counties. There.was DundasandEolIett, VUTicfsand'TiB^iAiUva'i—- v'-5tiC5-ui.—— lingwood"') -One word about Colliogwood." " (Renewed interruption, whicli lasted1'for some time.) He was going to sav that the ministers are men from ,the. liberal rants, almost without exception, and he would ask the meeting it' they meant to say that Mr M'Culloch was to have the monopoly of political power ?. (Applause and disorder.) Were no other men to have an opportunity —no other; constituency, but those nomi nated liy Mr M'Cullooh a chance of return ing a minister? The Western district-had always been neglected. (Cries of No, and Yes.). The town and district, he repeated, under Mr M'Cnlloeh's system had been syste inatically neglected. (Applause.) It had been snubbed and laughed at ih such a way that he, as one of the representatives, had thought he was never placed in such a humiliating position'as when he had to ask any of the Ministers for anything. (Ap plause.) He could understand Mornington regretting the change of Ministry, but could not understand' Geelong and tba "Western District, doing so. - (Cheers.) There was the railway management for instance, regulated with the intention of injuring the trade of this town. The rates of produce between Melbourne and Ballarafc were loivt r pro rata than between Geelong and Ballarat, ■ and in the timber trade i fifty feet were allowed to the ton. from Melbourne whilo only forty feet were al i lowed from Geelong. This state of things was brought before the M'Culloch Govern ment-repeatedly, but no redress was ob tained, and-why ? Because Mr M'Culloch knew: -that the Geelong people were so intensely under his power that their re presentatives : dare not: 1 ake action against him. (Cheers and great disorder, from all parts of > the-room.) Ho would ask-any man if fifteen months since, when he was elected, be could have, foreseen the motion of Mr iByrne—could have placed such a motion before them and asked if he should vote for it or not, would they not have said yes? (Cries of You're right." "Yes," "No," and ' continued disorder.) He would say this, the antecedents 6f the present Ministry, and their wishes aTe all in a liberal direction, and they would find them as liberal as any ministry they had ever had. If this is so what then is the cause of complaint? (Cries of "None."} They had sacrificed no principle, and ho gave them his word f jr it the result of this olection would not prevent the Haopher? son Ministry going to the country, estab lishing themselves in the popular regards"of the people and carrying on'- the businesi of the colony, perhaps, for years to com* (Cheers-and. disorder.) There weie in it four members from the' "Western District, and the district would be enabled to obtain recognition. TVheu Mr M'Culloch was in office,-a" railway was required, and what was tbe result? The' North-eastern line was determined . ■ upon, = running right through the stations hlr M'Culloch himself holds—from■, Benalla _right up to the - north- eastern district—is that what Geelong owes to : Mr M'Culloch ? (Cheers, and tremendous disorder, with cries ofName the stations." They had all been published in the papers," the returns showing that Mr M'Culloch holds halE a million of acres from Benalla up the North eastern Bailway , all of . which had been reserved because the North eastern railway^ line runstbrough .it. It was not possible to doubt that return for one moment, and he was surprised at such a question being asked. (Ken e wed disorder.) He believed that four- fifths of those pre sent were there wishing to hear him, but in a meeting like that it was possible for a \- very small number to make a great noise, anil it wouldbe impossible for him to go on if the noise was continued, It seemed as though they did not like to hear wholesome facts. (Cheers and groans.) He had been asking what the country had lost by the change of Ministry. This con stituency had little to thank the late Minis try for, and if the present Minis try pro duced a liberal programme, they had as much right to a fair trial as any that pre- I ceded them. He believed that they would do so, and that they would settle more practical questions than ever the M'Culloch Government had done. (Great disorder, lasting for some time.) The change of Ministry, he contended, instead of being a loss had been a gain to tbe country. It was a matter of notoriety that the time, of the last two or three sessions had been wasted in controversies between the two houses, and nothing had been done. The" speech of the Governor at the opening of the last session promised many measures, but hardly any of them had been passed. There was here such a disorder that , the Chairman had td interfere. He said that he was sure that there was a large majority present anxious to bear Mr Berry, and the conduct-was really disgraceful. He would most certainly vacate the chair unless order was maintained-better. Mr Berry resumed. He had been re marking on the "number of measures pro mised but never passed by the late Govern ment. The session lasted from February to December, and in opening the session the Governor's speech promised an in vestigation into the water works, a review of the postal service with a review of the postal and passenger ser vice via Cape of Good Hope. AbiEfor regulating the inspection, of mines for the prevention of accidents, the amendment of the laws relating to mining companies , regulations . for legalising contracts: between holders of anriferous land and mining companies. ' Quartz reef drainage regulations and Insolvency Bill—a suc cession BUI; regulations for . the ■ poEce force; "Wines, Beer, and Spirits statute. Scab Act, Impounding Actj and Fencing Act. These were all promised, but none had been passed and many not even intioduced. "What he asked \- was the use of the house sitting and doing nothing ? That in itself was sufficient to justify the change in the Go vernment, and he could pledge them his word that the new Government would 'introduce a programme such as would be popular and . such as . they might reasonably expect to. carry. (Applause.) There would he about them no "bunk um," andno sham liberality. They would place nothing, in the Governor's speech or in the paper but what they could carry out. They would also have honesty in the public departments, which was much wanted. They were the first Ministry that . had stood for five months, after closing the I doors of the departments in the faces of the ! corrupt portion of the Assembly, and leU ing thein that they did not caret for them. (Applause.) Kow he could tell them what the M'CuEoch Ministry, was composed of towards the latter end. There were in it three sections—the Ministry themselves, every squatter in the. House, and then every corrupt member. (Loud cries of No and Yes; and "Give it them hot.") To \- his own personal knowledge there, was scarcely a member of the party who did not come under one or the other of. these three categories. There was here such . disorder that the speaker could not go on: Mr Meakin called for three cheers for Mr Berry, and this was , most lustEy responded to, groans being/ of course, mixed up in the demonstration. The Mayor, having restored order, ob jected to Mr Meakin's interruption, on the ground that he was the Chairman, and that aE caEs for cheering should proceed . from the body of the haE. (A Voice—" It's to keep down the howlers.") Mr Berry, notwithstanding the Mayor's protest, considered Mr Meakin's caE a very ; proper act just now, for it served to show what a very smaE minority in a meeting could accomplish in disturbing it. llesnm ing his speech, lie'did not mean to say that, he was prepared to go into details of what the Government proposed, but before he consented to join their ranks he had . ascertained the; opinions of the other [ members of the ministry, and could pledge his word that they were anxious to have , the Government carried on on progressive Eberal principles, such as they would aE be thoroughly satisfied with. .They would settle aU the necessary questions before they came before Parliament, and they would he better able to pass measures into law. "Was it not a humiliating farce aE the vindicating of the privEeges of the Assembly ? A farce that every honest man . most despise--' "When -Mr. Higinbotham carried the question, to a division there were only fourteen men to be found'to support him and Mr M'CuEoch and his \- ■' party" all voted against him. ^Vhcn the Legislative GonncU persisted in amending the Land BE1 in a manner that would not r -be-allowed in any other country-in the "world: -possessing- two chambers." ' Mr M'Cnlloch submitted to the dictates of in— ^ _ teresfcandacceptedthem. (Applauseandloud ^^wMiootrn^s.) Ho did more than this, he held • -::ppiation Act, and would not let go J.nnd Bill With tllC J-~4l^nla«»?3SBaarroaru_ A Gray wasn ing- for Ins own mteresfT^waa »vas not then even thought of. proceeded to say that when it was asserted that he was eager for oluce,he had been slan-, dered, as he had been slandered before. He could prove that he had been offered office .in the M'Culloch Government if he would pre - tip some of his opinions. He could look his accusers in the face, and defy them to bring before him onedishonor able or mercenary act, or show that he had bettered-.his position r or fortnne | by becoming a public man. He woulci not give up one single principle to be Chief tfecre tary-of; the • colony. He bad always held the luxury of speaking his inind honestly and openly, and had never altered in! the least. JEfe could challenge any man to come forward, and state a single vote of; his against any question which' had agitated the public miad; and he_ could . show that he had alvays been found in the advanced. guard of .liberal ' progress.7 He had been • one: of ^the :. first to recognise the necessity of Land legis lation in order thai: there might bo the largest amount of v settlement in ; the country. On the tariff question he alone years since, advocated: Protection, - and agitated the subject until: it was. forced upon the notice* of tb* . Legislature.: He • had also been foremoit _in every other social,^ moral, ' and y "political move ments for the improvement of: the . social; position of the colony. He saw the need of a liberal land bil to give homes to thousands of families abcnt the country, and when . it ,was considered madness to believe in anything.but free trade—when Cobden had -just declared agiiust protec tion, and every man who sapp>rtcd it was considered • a madman, he prea»hed about it and never ceased until now i. is the law \- of the country. If there was a wrong or aninjustice lie did not care whathe did or : >yhat- .trouble he took to i*tjin>dy it, but it was disgusting to a public nihil • - to be' attacKeU 'by vindictive low, miserable personalities^as -.at the pre sent time when it seems to be men anl not principles that are regarded. Cut the'jme would come- when not a voice shouff be raised against Grubum Berry (npjjlause tuu groans), but when hundreds as in CoUin* wood would confess that they acted undir a wrong impulse through the machina tions 'of those minds that could de scend to low personalities—would confess that although honest themselves they were tlopeg, Before be left MeibeoxRe tb*t &3 hlwad lJ?%U t.oltl tbat a mooting had Ka'Aj •- 7, , ->u*u tuao a mooi iQ. . Collinsfivood—a1 - con . v^iiui}j\vooa—-a ■; con gratulatory meeting of his friends,'and that ten times as many would be - there to. give their views on the latest actions of Graham Berry. (Applause.) It was astonishing how-long a slander would live, but the time' -was: coming when: it must cease„tot exist, and he would conclude with thi3 challenger If any man would state and prove that :he had; ever given a ■ vote contrary - to liberal principles then he was;content to withdraw all he had said, but if nothing was proved he asked them to give their verdict honestly in the ballot, box. The speaker then resumed his seat amidst loud applause, and groaning, mixed with various other noises. . . f; Hr James Harrison, editor of the Mel bourne Age, .then presented himself on the platform, and was immediately met with a ; tremendous storm of cheering and groaning.' He attempted to speak, but was unable to obtain the slightest hearing." ^ ; The Mayor stated that it was the time for questions, and Mr Berry would be mos»t happy to answer any that might be put to liiin by the electors. (A "Voice—" Is Harri son one?*') After the business of the meeting was over Mr Harrison would be at liberty to address thein if they chose, but i he (the chairman) was there to see fair play. ^ fSflJa made an attempt to speak, but with no more - suecess. One section of the meeting commenced cheer lng', while the other side broke in with groans and remarks of a lively character a? Harrison, such as " We'll see tne Age m the morning for a penny," *' Go i!r.l£ei?nd gefc to-morrow's/lyc ready," "The f (jUlIoctl Lyre," 4c, 4c, some of the elec tors around the platform being most ex cited. ° _ The Mayor again interfered, and asked if there were any questions to pat to the candidate. . ■■ • Mr Iiobinson asked what : efforts Mr Berry would make to have a stipendiary magistrate, appointed to. attend" at the; Ifowtown and Chilwell Police Court," where law'and justice is generally a matter of chance?"'- "-'.i ■Mr Berry: said that he had often been dissatisfied with the decisions given at that court, and saw no reason why a stipendiary magistrate should not attend once or twice a week. ■ ■ " Mr Harrison again attempted to speak,' and • succeeded in obtaining partial order. Ho said that Mr Graham Berry had very truly said that it was time' there should be an end to anonymous slanders- -' (Cries of " Hothing personal." Cheers, groans; ;and general, disorder. .He quite agreed—(The disorder was resumed, and the speaker could . not be heard further. Several gentlemen on the platform gesticulated fiercely, while, in ' the body of the hall there was a continual storui of cheers and groans, groans, and ; cheers, and the utmost excitement. _JMr Berry interfered, and at last ob tained sufficient silence to he. enabled to say that they must understand that he did not object to Mr Harrison speaking, He was hot afraid of'anything he could say,' and if "they consulted his*1 feelings they would give him a fair hearing. ■ Mr Harrison , made another effort to get a hearing, but the same scene of confusion and disorder, -was, renewed, there being cries for him-to speak, and continued cries of " We won't hear him." In the end he was again obliged to ^.relinquish the at tempt. " . : . 'I'm: Mayor again tried to get Mr Harri son a hearing, but meeting -with no success said that he could address them after the meeting was over. : ; • Mr Dick moved, and Alderman Beeves seconded a vote of confidence m Mr Berry. * The motion was put by the chairman, who declared bimsihf unable to decide on which ; side the majority was, so equal was the voting. He then requested the meet ing to divide, which was only partially done, a small minority only moving and the others remaining where they were. The Mayor then said there were a great many for the motion, and a_great many against it, ; hut he believed there was a slight majority against it. * All this-time there had been the greatest confusion and noise, and cries: for "Harrison" were then resumed, and met with groans- Mr Harrison stood on the platform, but did not attempt to speak, excepting. once when like the ghost in Hamlet he was disturbed—not by the cock crowing—but: the crowd groaning and cheering, This absurd scene continued for some time, until the gas was put out ai the meeting began to disperse. 