TALES AND SKETCHES. ONE OUT OF FOUR. [FROM TINSLEYS' MAGAZINE.] A run down to the coast, a sniff of sea-air and a bathe are not bad refreshers and restoratives after hard work and anxiety in London ; at least I thought so, as I started from Victoria with a headache, a leather bag, and a firm, intention of spending a day at the Warden at Dover., The slow early train which conveyed me and :my ; ac companiments stopped at every station, the names of which , tho porters ? loudly proclaimed by zoologiealnoises, probably intelligible to them selves, but not' to my ears suggestive of : any British locality. : The country on either side the line looked peaceful and green, arid the rows of reapers in the wooded field, getting in a late harvest, formed a pleasant contrast to the, strings of Lsndon scavengers whom I had just left sweep ing up the putrid dust of Piccadilly. As we got farther on and passed some small towns , on the ' coast my intentions respecting the 'Warden began to waver, and I had thoughts of shunning its complicated meats and iced wines, and the pie baldycompariy of the table-d' hole. I was always easily shunted from my projects by slight ob stacles or counterrattractions, having noparticular ' line ' of my own. -.;..- : .?:?:??'? Shortly before entering Dover, the ' engine was seized with an internal derangement, which caused a stoppage and increased the uncertainty of my proceedings. During this delay, my first plan was finallyi annihilated by the seductions of ' the quaint little town where we were detained. Its old red-brick houses glowed in the sunlight, and the smooth expanse of the Channel, extended before me, studded, with sai|a of. all colors hang ing lazily in the golden mist of a September morning, decided me to stay. ' Open the door, ? guard II shouted ; 'I'll get but here.' Arid leaving my headache and my morning's inten tions in the carriage, I seized my bag,' passed rapidly through the small deserted station, and entered the narrow streets -of the town. The houses; which were low and irregular, contained shops for the sale of ship's stores and sailors' clothing. Complete suits, of oil-skin armor, with Bhining ' sou'-westers,' were hung in rows over the doors, like the preserved pirates in chains which formerly ornamented our coasts in the ' dear old times' we are so oftentold to regret ; when Tyburn tree was so rich in blossoms, that it was f eared the supply of rope would fail— '????'-. ' Scarce can our fields, such crowds at Tyburn die, With hemp the gallows and the float supply.' Rich bunches of 'bluchers,' and woollen gloves without ? fingers, resembling the fruit of some figantic banana, adorned the shop-fronts ; while ales of bluo serge and pillai-3 of red night-caps obstructed the entrance; And, from the pungent odor with which the surrounding atiriosphere was ? impregnated, I concluded that red-herrings and strong butter were to be had wifhiri.1 i '? ;;; ? '..'' Half- way up the principal' street, behind a railing, stood an old church, with a burial-ground at its back sloping down to a stony beach,' against which' the smooth waters of the .Channel rippled and murmured incessantly. The shingle was dotted with capstans, storehouses roofed with old punts turned keel- upwards, linen and nets spread1 out to dry, and groups of sailors sitting xui'der the shade of boats now lying quietly on the shore, but whose burly build and solid sides spoke of . shipwrecks in the winter sea arid many'a struggle, through the storm. I sat down, aud gradually . fell into a pleasant drqam of hazy recollections ! and dissolving views, to which theroar of, London streets still ringing in my ears, mingled with the silvery sound of the waves; ; made what; is called 'appropriate music.' These lulling melodies were soon interrupted by a peal of bells from the church, . which roused me from my agreeable reverie. '- Upon making inquiries of an intelligent inhabitant as to the cause of the disturbance, I found that the noise was the precursor of a wed ding, 'Which was about to be celebrated at the church behind the railing. - : I had often read stories culminating in matri mony, which was said to lead' to living happily 'ever after,' and I had perused' the interesting details which usually precede the 'decree nisi ; but never having witnessed the ceremony, which produces such opposite results, I proceeded to the church: 'It's only one of, our boatmen; sir^-' one of our seafaring folks^' remarked a sailor, standing at the door, removing— to facilitate -'ex- ,' ?? pectoratiori — a pipe from a large mouth bordeued with spots of solidified tobacco- juice. ,'. The girl's a good-looking lass, though— you'll like to see her; ? She's a tidy craft— we call her Pretty Poll down here. What a: sight' of, fellows has been in love along o' her ! She was always changing 'em ; but she's caught now, anyhow.'1 These hints excited my curiosity, and I entered. The wedding was 'on;' The broad back of the bridegroom and the pretty waist of the bride; as they knelt, first caught my eye. He seemed to take the affair as coolly as if he had been' splicing a rope or scraping a spar. The lady seemed im pressed by the solemnity which ; surrounded her. She was not by any means . one : of the common objects, of the sea-shore. ?, Her dark hair, bright cheeks, and white teeth gave her the appearance of a Boulogne fish-girl, with deep-blue eyes soft, and dreamy. Her figure, though inclined to fat ness, was graceful, aud well-proportioned/and her hand as she h«ld it oxit to receive , the ring, though rather dark iii color, was small and well shaped. ... . : ' — My friend with the pipe was right ; she was decidedly a vory pretty girl, or, as he' called her, ' a tidy craft.' She was dressed in silk for the occasion ; but in spite of her smart attire she looked subdued, and her face had a thoughtful and rather, sad expression — not unusual, lam informed, at weddings. Tho marriage was soon ovor, and she left the church leaning rather clumsily on tho arm ? of her lord. As they walked through tho churchyard, amongst the simple but well-kopt graves, I observed that the burly boatman and his fair eyed partner stopped before one of thoj mounds, weich was distinguished by a plain wooden cross. This little monument was ! not new, but1 showed the wear and wasting of more than one winter. They only paused for. a moment, but it was long enough to give me another glance at the bride's face as she turned partly round ; and her blue eyes resting on the cross had a look- so mournful and pensive, that I fancied, if I had been nearer, I might have seen a tear steal down her cheek. The little group of people soon dispersed, arid I lost sight of them.'. The church was locked up and the churchyard deserted, oxcept.by some hoys who began a gairie of h jde-and-seok amongst the tombs, and a fey idle sailors, who seemed to find the. grave-stones cool and comfortable seats on a hot day. I spent some hours lazily on the shingle^ throw ing pebbles into the water and watchingthe ringsas »hey rippled to the land or died away to the sea, till A» cravings (f sharpened appetite drove mo to the nearest inri. It was not in any respect like tho Warden, but it was able to supply my frugal wan*s in the usual British fashion. When tho stn was sinking in tho west, casting long shadows npm ties shore aud tinging tho ?white siils with red, I lit a cigar and strolled along the sea, away from tho , town. The rows and terraces of brick ceased ; the houses first became semi-detached — then detached — then straggling ; and I soon came to the lest cottage, It was surrounded by a garden a few yards wide, which had at one time been carefully ornamented with paths of .shifted iftJDglo, tJajgo. ;npdules. Pi . flint, shells, and other homely decorations. But it was, now neglecteed ; the borders were over grown, the flowers dead, and patches of long ? tangled grass reminded me of a forgotten grave. Two small windows in the cottage overlooked the beach, and reflected the rays of the evening sun; The whitewashed walls sloped to the eastward, as if they had yielded' to the. winds that had blown against them 'for ;more than a century, while the thatch on the roof was dry. and shining.M The door, stood open,- and I looked in; The' .outer room' served as a boatman's: atore-housej and was nearly full of; boat's gear. Old sails, blocks and tackles, and tar-brushes were numer' ous ; coils of rope hung on tho walls, together with oil-skin coats,- lanterns, pot3; of pitch, and nets in various states of repairs ; while tho floor' was, strewn -with.broKen oars ana pieces 01 aru.6 wood, probably cast up during the galestbat sweep that dreary coast every winter._ The inner room was clean and neat ; some nautical pictures hung over the mantelpiece, andaclock with a1 melancholy face' ticked ? . in the corner. Though' the weather wasohot, a1 fire was burning,^ or rather srnouldcring, in a little stove, by the side of which stood a vacant chair. As I entered, :%an old man- who sab at the window, looking list lessly 'out to sea, raised his eyes. 'Will you let me take a light, my friend ?' - - ' Certainly, sir,' said he, rising and stirring the coals'in the ship's stove^ the . chimney-pipe of which passed' out of one of the windows. . : ; ' ??!. ? ?'- ?'? The old man, as he stood up, looked very much' like the cottage he lived in; In his day he had been .upright and strong ; but age, hard work, and rough weather had bent him earthward; His silvery hair was dry and thin like tho thatch, and his grey dreamy eyes reflected the sunlight, and seemed to be : . 'With his heart, and that was far away.' Tasked him if he lived all alone. , 'I do now,' sir, since my old woman died^two year ago come, Christmas.' ' Don't you feel dull :iall by your self ?' ' It is very lonely, like ; but I don't carp to see people , much now— they're all so busy with their own concerns. I was . busy, too, sir, once.' . ; ? ? . ; Here the old fellow hung his head, and sighed; As he paused, I answered that there., were many, people who were not altogether taken, up with their own affairs, and who would be glad to come, and cheer him up and chat with him.y 'Well, sir, the parson does come to' me sometimes. He is a kind man, arid was good to me in my trouble , —I like to hear his step on tho door. He don't talk one to death. He tells me what I can under-' stand — for I'm no scholar— he tolls ine we shall meet up absve with those we've been parted from down here.' He seemed quite .overcome by the few' words he had said, ,and his eyes were'fujl of tearsas he turned to the window, and stood for some time gazing silently out -to sea. Howl, pitied this solitary man in. his old age, bereft of , hi* helpmate !, He seemed so sad, and yet so re signed and' hopeful. ; I felt a great wish to hear something more of his life'; but I did not like to press him to tell me his story just then, so I con tinued pumrig my cigar, in silence, ,,to give him ? time to .recover, his serenity. .' | ',?,,'_,, ? : After a Ion j* pause ', he; . began 'again, and; I . listened.; ' This' time' -two /years ago, sir,, iny great trouble, came upon me ';/ I, can't get oyorit,, and: never shall now. Every time the fall of the year comes, round, and the leaves begin to drop, ; arid the wind to roar, at night, I seem to live it all over again.' ' It is two years,, is it, since your poor wife died 1' , 'It is two years^sir, since my wife and , my boy Joe land ine lived here all together; Them two boats as, you see a, little way, down the beach were ours 'then. ,, We 'had a. third ;too, a 'galley punt ;' but I've sold them two now, ,fo'r I shall never go afloat again; ' . My. boy , and I-, !could get a gopcl Iiyirig put of them. There /was not much doing, in summed, time, nor yet in smooth weather,' , but we used, to go out with l the lines or the nets ?;' and sometimes we'd make a good take of mackerel, and , sell many score of them to' '.the London people. ; .And so we. rubbed along ; arid now arid then Joe would get a job to. pilot a vessel up Channel, ;', The summer is.al ways our hard time.' It's pur . winter, you see, sir :; arid we are morelikely;t6knock at the workhouse-, door at midsummer ithan ^e are at Christmas.' We are not like theshor'ei-going people. We reap our harvest off the'sea',' and, the rougher jt is ; the better crop's, we get, you know. , _ . 'Joe was a first;rate seaman and a regular pilot he was,, arid as fine a lad as ever stepped on ihe forecastle of a ship. ',L He, was. but, twenty-; four^ and I never saw the like of him, though he was my son-^and a good son .too, , to: .his old, mother and. me,! : He- had never, given us a day's troublij in all his life ; and,;Lor', how we did .love that boy, sir ! 'he, v/as pur , all— pur all, he^ was .?! , There ';was',jipt ,,a boatman, nor, a_jpilofc , in the ? Channel a'a could'come neaT*him. i He knew , the coast all about, as well as he did the, path, up to, this cottage-door.-.,^ He could take a vessel anyrt where.' ,' 'If , he missed his port, and was driven to, leeward, lie knew what .'.to' do-^where he ;could anchor, all the shoals and tides and currents, apd alltherestof.it;; and as for. handling a boat, it. was ,? a sight to see. Joe in a gale of? wind.' He was always, first when. i there:. was a job to be had. ' And whenever that, boll out yonder used to ring— I mean the bell that calls together a crew to man the lifeboat-r-he was first into her when there was ;a chance of saving, life, and nothing.to.be got by it but perhaps to lose his own. Ah, there's many. a poor. fellow: would bo floating a^bout on his face, now in the s green water if it hadn't a-been for Joe. , , 'He was our only child, sir, and; heloved Mb old mother and me; he Sid, and worked hard for, us both. Hedidntcare a bit for himself. : He was always wantingme to stay ashore. 'Father,' he used to say, ' you're getting too old for rougn weathor. You must lay up. You shall do the summer, work and leave the winter to me.' :But.-. though I knew Joe would have worked till he ?dropped for us, I wasn't the man to give up — though I was old— as long as ; I could, keep going.. Wo got through many hard summers and (long spells of what '.folks cail fine weather; till the sky, began to look dark'and.the rain to drive; and the wind to roar ; .then the ,ships would .run up Channel and signal for pilots,' want anchors and chains and all kinds of gear,.; Then pur good time would begin — they couldn't do without us then. Joe and land two or three, more of. us. used to put off. through the surf, and many, a good bit of work we've had p' winter nights^ and shared sometimes five, or maybe ten, pound a man. ; A f e w j o bs like that, you know, would help to keep us through the dull time. Well, sir, it was one day in September, as it might be now. We'd had smooth weather , for near two months, there was nothing doing. ,, Joe and a lot more of 'em was lying about tho beach in tho sun, grum bling dreadful. 'Corse this, fine weather, father ; if it lasts much longer, it will be tho ruin of us. No ships coming up Channel. Those that do don't want us ; they'd 'rathorfind their own way about than pay for a pilot. _ If they've got one aboard arid want to land him, they'll send him ashoro in their own boat rather than; give us a chance of earning a shilling or two. I call that sneaking I do. Then, in winter, when they've sprung a leak or have got upon the sand and want help, they'll protty nigh go on thoir knees to us then, they will. Sunshine iu tho day and moonlight at night, and a light breeze, is a bad look out, ain't it father V ' 'Norer mind, my boy,' says I. 'Don't you curso no weather ; it all comc3 from God Almighty : if it ain't good for us, it's good for others. We can't have it all our own way.' Then Joe would say, ' It's only for you and mother as I want to work. leant abide to see you put to it for every pipe of tobacco as if you' couldn't afford jt.'.v . And then he'd set up whistl ing; arid-he'd go off to see Mary Scott; : He was in love with her,- and had been for many years : and -the, old mother and I used to think ho'd make her a good husband, and that she was in luck —though we didn't somehow care much, : about her.. : She ?? wasn't: stanch enough for1 such' a steady good lad- as our -Joe; but ho did not think so. . .They had been children together, and ? had' never been apart since ? they itsed to1 ; go- out ! rsv^th 'thoir' bare feet to' look1 for 'mussela- on 'the rocks, orfar away on the sand at low tide to dig :for bait for the lines. - She always said she never would have no one but him: But as she. grew up, the old; mother and I thought she did riot care solniuch for our boy, and seemed'to be ' on' with iTomsWilliams. j Well, Tom is a fine fellow too, ancl a friend of my son's. .They worked together for tea years or more, 'and never fell but once.1 iTh'eywerobothiinthe lifeboat on that wild night ; when- the. Indiairian 'came ashore at'Diiiigeness; :arid the French ChasseMaree was on1 'the Good'-' ?wins, burning i blue 'lights and tar- barrels, and i going ! to pieces fast.' Tom nearly lost his life that time, for, he got .washed out of 'the lifeboat ?just as they had taken the last Frenchman .on board; But Joe -caught him by thearmas;he was going, to make his last dive, and held on like a yice;MM wouldn't .have let Tom' go, 'father, | says -he ; *no,riot if he'd pulled mo Overboard. - too. ? I'd have: died first;' 0- he was a brave' lad,; sirlh-' ;.:??'. v ?/?- ;? ''; ''?.;.'' ' ' ; : ' .','.''?;' ':?? f Well; it. came to the 16th of September, the weather had changed t6ja regular Channel, gale bldwing'hard; ' The sky-was- dark, 'tHe sea the color of -lead, and running high— rain and sleet driving right across ypu.1 I wasilj, I 'was then, and' iny old woman w6uldn't'l8t me go out to sea ;. sol lay-by for a day' or two. ; ?' We were 'all ready , with' the- gear -in the boats, and Joe and the crew, four'on 'em altogether^ ; was ! watching night arid day. 'I was at tne window here with' thoglass to myeje; looking at every'ship through the haze^ 'as she hove in sight. ' About ari hour after day light in the morning, ,Jde sprang rip 'arid sang out, 'Looki' father ! there's a brig with a flag at, tho1 fore ).' That mearis that they want a pilpt,: yoiik'nowj sir. Whenever a sHip hoists' a flagat: the foretopmast-head, you'll see the men run out like mad,; arid tear down the: beach with the boats; into '?' the ' surf in a ;irioment.' ',' A vessel always takes the first pilot that' comes out 'to? her ; and if yod're not nuick'yoii1 don't' get' 'nothing. ' In a s'ecpnd they na'd -loosed' the galley-pun't and run her down the shingle ; the men sprarigiri,arid I saw Joe' give her tne last shove-off arid leai- in at, the stern,' with the water running Off his great . , boots. Assoon'as they were clear of the' shore, they hoisted their sail and tore 'through the'sea; towards the brig. ; George Bell's lugger was only ' alittltfway. astern of them'; but the other sailed, closer to tho wind, and I could'see Joe would board the brig first. :,: ,:;,'. ,.':'.,'.',' 'I stopd;with the glass ' watching ;his boat frpm. this window— -just as I stand now, /sir,', ;. There's, thejglass on the mantelpiece. 1 My old' wife,, was', looting'out'topi.popr soul ! 'Says I, 'I; think Joe has.gpt r'ather'too .'much ; carivasl' I yas .always , nerWs.when I wasn't 'along \yitli Jhiin^ , though he wa^'a'.better .boatman 'than, I. wa^'jf.b'utj we ; ; cpuldtft b'e'at hiin put of pUr'sight,' neither' of ,us., ;The| galleyrpurit' was weirahead. of the lugger, but , she seemed to plunge into the'wa.y'es. [ Shpldid .riot rise ;'as 1 should have'liked to /see I'her.jl.aud, , Lor', how she did roll ! 'first over to '^windward, arid! then, she'd, catch the,;galp' arid, bow '_ down ; t'othei?1 side. ' : It 'did make me shake, i But Joe, was i at the helm , sir, . arid ' I- ' felt, that . . he kpew whatfto be^at. Still 'I couldn't help, wishing 1 /was.there myself. The young' 'uris/are/ so,; eager likei | She was well but, to. sea now ; andsome-i ^times'^heri she was/down in-the hollpwsjl I. couldn't see' anything :oiE/ier.-'i'/N|exfc,',i;minTito--up.' sHe'd come again, 'arid T got sight of 'them all: . There were four rin her. t 1 could make out my boy at the tiller quiteplainwith'the red-woollen lian'd kerchief the mother had.made him.? ? ' Hex hard :;it ; rouridihis mputh,: for it. was 'bitter coldi;:and there . was Jim Bolter holding the .sheet in his hfi,nd,'with,a.turn round, the. cleet. .; -Spmotiines:; theyj wpre gunwale under, and it ;. made kmy heart jump into ^iny mouth ; biit.I didn't, say. nothing to' the wife, 'you know. Joe had ,a steady- hand. He would be sure : to carry on just enough and'np, .more, ; and 'to luff her ^' up in time.' Jim was'a gopd seaman' tp'o ?; he'd; ease off at the ?' right ino rnenj;, 'without losing too much'way; so' 'as 'to miss, the job ;? for thoi lugger was close behind ttiem;1 '.It' was a regular chase,. and, as I told you before/ sir, it's the, first; as -gets it.,,' ,.;-: ??,.. .?,! T- ;-?.-:n /.'They, were /fast- nearing ?; the fbrigj and I' wondered -,- how theyiwould ;get aboard of herein suchla sea ; ,fpr; b^v!^^ Spaniard,, and they are 'npt pver-haridy' in rough weather. ; ,.We;dpn'tlike, Spaniards, any of us about here: they're nb.gopd. , When you've 'done your work, they won't pa^r you,; Thevi'ltstick a'kriife into you if they get a chance';1; and if they don'Vwant you, they'll drive ;a hand spike or an bar through the bottom of yoiir bbat. and sink it. They're, a bad lot. Joe's, boat 'was within two'cables' lengths of the brig, and Idr'ew my breath more easy, when suddenly the' glass , nearly fell from my, hands.1 I began tp shake' all over. ' Mother !'' I cried ; '0 mother ',!',/ My old woman ran to my Bide. ' What is it Jphn^ i'whatisit? Tell!nie!''. / ,' ? ' '','.','' ':' - ., ?',. 't I tried to' Bfceady myself to look again; but I reeled'from 'side to side: every thing swam be fore ine., . It'was all in asecond. I don't know ,what' had ' happened—- whether the, sheet had,. fQulocl,' oriwhat it was ; but the galley-punt: had capsized. I saw her heel over to leeward, arid in-, .stead' of 'righting ; herself she seemed to settle down. The peak of '.the' sail showed above; water for /a'mbmerit, arid then tliere was nothing to be seen— nothing more. The cold grey sea had closed over all. ' ' She's gone, mother— gone ! It's all over !' '0 John ! mercy onus ! No, no ! not gone) is she ?' Poor thing ! I thought she' would Have died that minute. She was as white as a ghost. 'Look again, John ; look again ! ,0, quick !' But I could not look straight. I was near 'mad. : T trjed ;to steady the : glass. The Eallev-nuritwas 'gone : not a stick of her, to be seen, land nothing over her but the driving spray . and tho' foaming waves'— nothing, nothing : but. dea^ih. ? I tried hard to hold the glass straight, and I got sight of ' tho lugger with bravo George Bell on board. That gave me hope. 'The lugger has, come up with them.' says I. ? 'Thank Heayen, George will get them ; I know he will, moiier.'' ' '' ' . ' ' /'':'~ ' ;.'' ' . ' '. , 'Itriodtospeak certainfbr the poor old wbirian's sake, for flhe seciried like to die ; but I feared it was,a bad job rnyself. Anyhow, I plucked up courage,' arid kept looking, out as well as I coulf. George's boat was fetching/about in the storm, trying to save'some of 'them. My heart was up ready ,to choke ine : I 'couldn't breathe. My wife wanted to take the glass' from my hand to look horaelf; but, Lor1, she couldn't have held it a minute, and her eyes were so wild, Idon't believe ' they saw at all.1 'No, Mary,' says I, 'I must look. | You pray God to help us. ' ' I could see tho lugger's main- sail shaking in the /wind/' and hor crew; lean over the side and get something in. It was a man. ' Have they got Him,' John '{ havo they, got him? Tell me!. How many aro saved V I couldn't answer, sir ;'' I couldn't draw my breath. Iknew they had got onb— only ono. It was i too far and too' 'thick to seo who it was. They kopt away again, and I thought somo of tho crew clutchod at something ovor tho stern ; but they didn't take anybody in that time. The poor mother was crying and wringing her hands like a mad woman. ' Cheer up, mate,' I says ; ' cheor up. They have got1 ono ; there is one chanco for us out of four. Lord have mercy on us, Mary !' What misery wo felt then j sir! But hope was still with us, and wo ran down the beach with as much ; heart as we could muster, though we dreaded to hear our fate. -0, how I dia pray that time ! I said, no words o£ prayer] but all my hbarfc and soul seemed to rest upon God's mercy, and to beseech Him in silence to -spare my. boy. I had taught.. Joe to, swim when hpwas a child ; and I knew ho, was a strong lad, arid r wouldn't give in easy. But then he had oin heavybobts arid a tarpaulin coat,. and I don't know what be sides.- i Ho would not be ? able, to 'hold out long; arid in such a sea too. He'might- perhaps keep afloat for a few minutes. By the time weliad got down to the waterside the lugger had tacked} and was.standing.in. There. was.a number of people Out(then ; for the accident had been seen alf along tho shored and other boats had put off through the surf y though ' they could ? not '? hope . to ' be ! of ;much use.. The crowd stood down at the water's ?edge,' watching the tlugger; getting, nearer and, nbar'er'tb the larid. Sotrie were 'crying' out, wav-' ing (handkerchiefs, arid looking wildly at Her as. she , rolled about on i the; waves, i:with' her, i bow sttaight towards the shore.,. There was one poor, ?woman down there, sir, 'holding a child 'by .each .hand. It would have broken your' heart to see; her. She didn't say anything,- nor. cry, like many ? dfithem. Her face looked;, white and cold like marble. 'She had a husband 'and a. son in the galley-punt when she upset, arid she knew,vas we did, that only one man was saved out of the four. I don't know which she hoped to;seev'alive;— her son, I. believe, though' he: had never' been no com-, fort to her; butthe mother's heart,V-ybu ; know, ?' often loves the bad as well as tha good;,' !My; old wife and I tried to keep as. quiet -as we could ;'? for, somehow, we did .not like to make, a show..' / ,-? ?'At, last /the lugger began to draw near the beach. She. was only .three or four cables' lengths, off ; biit1 our eyes were too wet . to. \ see who was . aboard of her. I pulled my sleeves across iriine, and pushed 'forward almost; into the surf. ' I could' just coiint them. The- man they had' picked up was iri the ^tern with the others; and I strained, my old eyes to catch; a look : at- him as '? the boat rose on the .waves ;but,- before I could' ?mako out who it was, sho would , give ; a ' roll to windward or to leeward, ?; and. the foot of ,the ?' doiible- reefed.sail would hide him aivay again. ; '. I ? shall' .rieyef /forget that moment,, sir.. All the ; agpny of twenty lives seeiried crowded into. those . few seconds. ! Hope and fear together were, like ' to break my heart. It was too much to bear for ' 'long; -And the- ;old mother kept calling put to me. ' 0/ Jack ! tell me— 'who is it ? Who;is it ? Is it Joe V ; Just then, as the lugger -rose, I- saw him for; a second. He had come for'ard, aid was: 'standing, holding on.to the stay, -with .his hand: np,as,if he. wanted ;to; show. himself. liHehaday; 'red handkerchief, 'round his,, neck. ? I sang^oiit .:, ' ' ' Oj Ma,ry ! itis him IJ/Qj.thank.Gpd, he's saved i!'. And then' she ran f orward,' likp/tp drown herself, and called;, 'Joe,' Joe !' in' a' sbrt':bf ' wild ' yell, ', .as ,' if herweak voice Could have reached1 'the lugger' through the roaring of :tHe sea arid the' galel ' ; : -? 'Igot sightrof -him at last; sir, as'h6'cambr clode^to ithe'shoro; ' It was not Joe!/Jbo was' ?gone .where no mother's voice, can ever 'reach.- him ? again, .and; where .; his poorjjather'sieyo/wifl seo.: ;him no ; more.!;.' . It Nvas the other .woman's,. Bom,. He leapt'ifrom, thejugger's side ahripst be^o^e she ; buried 'her bow in the '.-.'shingle, 'arid raiutp, hjs' ' mother^ 'find ihby both lay on wio beach, arid cried ? : and laughedliko. tnad people. ' ' They were riigh * ? out ,of their minds with ;j oy and grief , for, though r 'the : son was saved, the father was no' more. ' -When: i saw that my .' boy- was lost, I ' stood still; - as'if I.hadibeen ?struck'dumb;.. , It was.i a deaths ' iblow to us .both., /My,., wife,, she ,f ell down ! in ,a '. faint . like, popr thing,- and ,;never held up , her . head after. , When she.come, ;to, we walkedup to, this-house again/1 But/the,. light- oflt.was gone, ; sir. ! Itiseemed dark '.'', 'and lonely;, and.. I couldn't abide to - see ' all the Jthirigs ' about ith'at had' lbe- ' longed to my boy, and tb; think; that ho was float- ; ing aboutcold andstiff :iri the dark waters of thov /Channel; -r.L--- :????-:.? v--'1 ? ii ^'^.'-^s-;^1 , ' ;My old woman took ! to hor ; bed- ; 'arid ' it' was1 : ^oon all over with, her. ? When:she was dreadful. ; bad,^ the, parson came and told her sho'wriuld see! Joe again, up. aboy.O:; and .-it.waiS the only,- thing' 'that gave,' the . poor creatur,e} 'comfort. ; , I often , tried my '.best to cheer ;h'er.up;r but- Lpr), I was,, thatj dpw^ myself that' I only made her worse, The pardon came the'kst night,,wh'eri, her life was ^ ebbing away V arid -told' her again 'that she' wbfild ' see Joe;-- Then she'-lifted: ^ier eyes'-to hgaveii'}' a^dtheylooked'as they used -to look forty yeai-s ago,jwhen we first^married, and I was youngtand' hearty,, like my poor bdy when ? he left ! us. that ' mbrning. She lppked; up, , ;and gayo ; a ? kind ) of simile, as if.she saw him through .the darkness, . and thenshodiedl . Ioften wonde^rif.she didsee him. , I've;been at many people's deathbeds ash,ore, ahjl-, afloat, arid the mid' stare in their eyes' atth'e last' ?moment alwiys iriade me .thirik 'they saw' into the ' other world j ust as they were leaving this.' .'? ' ' ' ? ?, ? ' As for me, sir, I never forgot' Joe's death for ' ,'.a mornent.- It finished me. . After my wife died, ?' I iised'to- wander about alone all day, as if , I. was ; looking, for him ; ;and at night, Lwouldr;come down on.to the.beaph there, and sit among the', boats, and look at the wild black sea, and cry like a phild. It's , .this day two years that , his . body was washed ashore at that point of land put there, where you ? see the big storie.' The old sailor drew : his hand across his eyes when he had finished his yarn ; and I asked ' him what bocaine of Mary Scott, arid whether she ' took on' much when Joe died. 'I never cared muebjabbut her,1 sir,': said; he, 'nor asked much. She did riot come often, to see us. People don't mind when you are in.trpuble. .An old mate of mirie told me , she was;tp be married to-day to Tom - Williams ? arid when I' heard the bells this, mbrning, -they, went1 through iriy heart as they did when my poor boy was buried by the church up yonder, and his mother and I followed him' to the grave.' ; This simple story, and the sadness of that deso late cottage sent me away with a heavy heart, and set me thinking of the wedding' I had seen in the mprning, and of the group in the churchy yard stopping before the mound with the wooden cross. ? ?-..-? '. . , ? / The Kent boatmen have, been lately accused of ' wrecking^', and feasting on the misfortunes of others ; but,-their accusersliave said.;littlo of their hard and precarious ? life, ' and of ', their daring' spirit in moments ot danger ; nor have they told us of the sorrows that dwell in almost every cottage on i that shorej now peopled with rosy children swimming' their boats in its sandy pools. As the low rumbling of the night- train up to London lulled me ,to sleep amougat the soft cushions of a first- class carnage- I fancied I could , hear the. whistling, and, wailing of .the storm, '. .though,, the sky was still and starlight; an'o; thrbugh my dreariis I saw, the mournful figufp bf the pld man'sitting alprie on' the'shorb1 ambrigst' the boats, looking out on the dark sea and crying' likoa-child. . ; , . / /' 