j, OBITUARY. I -", I (From " Men of the Ages I duAUM'H DICKIES, the son of Mr. John Dickens, who held a position in the Navy Pay Department, was born at- Portsmouth in 1912. At the close of the war his fitton referred on a pension, and came to London as Parliamentary ltpoilcrforonoof (ho daily papers. Ilia son Charles, was placed as a clerk in an attorney'., office ; but a strong literary burn to his obtaining, noon after, an engagement as a reporter on the staff of the Morning Chronicle, then in the zenith of its kind, under Mr. John Black. The editor, noticing his readiness and versatility, allowed him a theatre for the display of his graphic qualities by inserting in his journal those' " Sketches of English Life and Character,' which were afterwards reprinted in a collective form, under the title of " Sketches by Box, in 1836-7. Almost ( simultaneously with Hinno appeared a comic opera from his pen, entitled "The Village Coquette." The graphic power of describing the ordinary scenes of common life, more especially in their most ludicrous aspect, did not escape the attention of Messrs. Chapman and Hall, who accordingly requested " Boz," to write for them a story as a serial in monthly parts, and the result was the publication of the Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club." The subject was treated by " Boz. " in a manner at once so . easy, so graphic, and natural, and with such a flow of genuine humour, that the author found himself raised, almost at a single step, to the highest rank among living novelists, Illustrated at first by the penal of Seymour, and Subsequently by Unit of Hablot K. Browne, the " Pickwick Papers " found an enormous sale, and the name of the author was avowed to the world in 1838. The great success of " Pickwick " naturally led to a variety of overseeing outdo to Mr. Dickens by the London publishers and Si ought about the connection of the author with Mr. Bent y, who engaged his services as editor of his "Misoollany," in the second number of which, in February, 1867, appeared the first instalment of " Oliver Twist." This story, which was published complete in three volumes at the close of 1838, lets the reader into some of the secrets of life, as it used too frequently to be found in the parish union work- houses, and in the dark haunts of thieves and villany which form so black a blot upon London and the larger cities in the provinces. Admirably illustrated by the pencil of George Cruikshank, " Oliver Twist " at once became a popular favourite, and it continues still to be regarded as one of the author's happiest productions. , Meanwhile f' Nicholas Nickleby " appeared in shilling numbers, uni form with "Pickwick," shortly after the completion of that Work. "Nickleby" was written to expose in detail the cruelties which were then, and are still, it is to be feared, practised upon orphans and other neglected children of the middle classes of cheap schools, especially in some of the Zion them counties. Mrs Dickens tells us, in the preface of this book, that these disclosures resulted from a visit of inspection paid by himself to a school of the " Dotheboys " class in the wolds of Yorkshire, In 1810 Mr. Dickens undertook the production of a story, or rather of a series of stories, in weekly numbers. It was entitled " Master Humphrey's Clock,"' and contained, amongst other tiles, 'those since republished in a separate i one, under the names of " The Old Curiosity Shop, famous for its episode of j" Little Nell,"- so remarkable for its pathos and simplicity; and of " Burnaby Illidge," a tale illustrative of the sense less riots connected with the name of Lord George Gordon, for the year 1760. The pen of Mr. Charles Dickens was thenceforth almost incessantly plied. About the time of the publication of " Master Humphrey's Clock," appealed bib j" Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi,' ' tim celebrated clown, almost the only production of his pen' which deals with the plain prose of facts. Soon after the completion of Master Humphrey's Clock," Mr. Charles Dickens set sail for America, for the purpose of preparing himself for the publication of a work upon men and manners in the New World. Whilst there he visited a great part of the United States, and accumulated a store of materials, which he gave to the world on his return to England, in 1842, under the name of " American Notes for General Circulation." Many of the author's statements were much controverted by our [Yankee cousins, and the book provoked a reply, under the facetious title of Change for American" Notes." In 18 H The published," Martin Chuw.lewit" in numbers. Imtho remainder of the same yearly paid a visit to Italy, and many of the results of his observations were subsequently given, to the world in the Daily -Vicars. Returning to England in the course of-1846, he suggested the foundation of a cheap daily newspaper, which should steadily advocate the spread of liberal politics and secular education at home, whilst abroad it should show itself the sworn enemy of despotic and arbitrary power. liming organised a large literary' staff, and surrounded himself with some of flin sending ' writers of the day, he commenced the Daily yen -, January 21, 1840, acting "as the editor, and contributing to it's columns, as we have already mentioned, his sketches from the south of Europe, under the attractive title of f* Pictures . of Italy," which were afterwards reproduced in a collective farm. After a few months Mr. Dickens withdrew from his editorial post, and returned to his former line of humorous serial publications, varying, however, Their monthly appear Dances with the occasional production of some stories of a more strictly imaginative cast, called Christina Books." Of these the first, A. Christmas Carol, was published so far back as 1913; the second, "The Chimes," appeared at j Christmas, 1845 ; the third, " The Cricket on the Hearth,-" followed in 1846; the fourth, " The Battle of Life" (1817) : j and the fifth, The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain," in 1848. Besides the above, Mr. Dickens has published - i Dombey and Son" (1847-8), "The History of David Copperfield" (1849-60), " Bleak House" (1853), <. Little Dorritt" (1856) ; also " A Tale of Two Cities ; " " The j Uncommercial TraVeller j ", and " Great Expectations ;" " which last three were reprinted from " All the Year (Round." In 1856 Mr. C. Dickens started'" Household Words," a cheap weekly literary miscellany, which he conducted for some years ; but a quarrel having arisen between'' j him and his publishers, he brought it, to a conclusion in j 1859, and established in its place another, similar in plan and form, entitled " All the Year.<Roundy¿> which he still conducts. A new illustrated serial story from Mr. Dickens' open, entitled " Our Mutual Friend," was commenced May. 1864\. Mr. Dickens has earned a high reputation as an amateur actor, and was one of the founders of the Guild of i Literature and Art, and has likewise been an active pro j motor of the Royal Library Fund. j -MARK LEMON, editor of Punch, was, born Hatherleigh bourhood of Oxford- street, London, November 30, 1899. He was for some years a writer for the stage, and as a member of the Guild of Literature and Art occasionally donned j the sock, and buskin. He was one of the knot of authors. ' who established Fuaeh in 1841, and from the first acted as point editor; but on the secession of Mr. Henry Mayhew, i Mr. Lemon succeeded to the chief post, which he has" since ] returned to the present time (December, 1864). 'He is the author of up wards of sixty dramatic pieces, and has written; largely in " Household Words," the IllustratediYmnit and other publications. He is also the author of " The Enchanted Doll," a fairy tale; "The Christmas Hamper, pi once and Verso collections of stories ; " Legends of Number Nip;" and 'S Wait for the End and "Loved at Last," ' two novels, each in three volumes. He has also edited a a collection of jests, and written some hundred songs. TASMANIAN MAIN LINE RAILWAY.-The proposal to the Government by Captain Coote for a main line of railway in Tasmania, and which has absorbed a large portion of public attention for some time, has been subjected to a very important modification, and which places the proposal on a footing more favour ; able to the colony. The company give Government the option of taking over the railway at a valuation at the end of ten years, or at any subsequent period j on twelve months' notice ; the valuation to be determined by arbiters mutually chosen. The probability,, i is (says the Hobart Town Mercury), knowing how expensive Government works generally are, that should Government take over the line at a valuation;, any sum they may have to pay in the shape of gua i ranteed interest would be more than compensated by the cheaper rate at which a company would construct the works. ANGLICAN CHURCH IN QUEENSLANDERS Synod of the Diocese of Brisbane commenced its annual session on the 29th ultimo, when the Bishop i delivered an address pointing out the necessity for a trust deed to secure Church property in the colony, a canon for regulating the election of Synodsmen, another for the promotion and division of parishes and also a canon to provide for the constitution of bene- fices and the appointment of clergy. He explained that the Synod would have to consider a report as to the desirability or otherwise of repealing what is known as Sir Richard Bourke's Act, also the repeal of other ' Acts, with a view to the incorporation of the diocese. Attention was further directed to the importance of raising a fund for the general purposes of Church extension. ANOTHER SUICIDE IN VICTORIA-The Ballarat Evening Mail of the 29th ultimo says Scarcely have our columns been cleared from accounts. of suicides in other quarters of the colony, than we have to record a desperate act of a similar nature in the township of Gordons. The victim of suicidal mania in this instance is a storekeeper named O'Keefe, a partner in the firm of Chapman and O'Keefe, doing good business in the centre of the town. It appears from what we could hear at a late hour to-day, that O'Keefe was given to drink, and five weeks since- went on the spree the three days, at the end of which time be returned to the store, and was met by Chapman, who handed him a rope, with the reproachful remark that he had better go and hang himself." The remark cut deeply, arid had-the good effect of keeping him sober for a period of about three weeks. The mania for drink was, however, too strong, and the deceased continued to drink. During the last few days he has been under the influence of drink, and it is supposed that he bore in his memory his partner's re- proach, and was then led to commit the dreadful act that terminated his existence. Last night he purchased from the druggist he Gordons a quantity of strychnine, a dose of which he swallowed at his own home, and died half an hour after. A doctor was sent j for, but his services were unavailing. The deceased was aged between thirty and forty years, married, although separated from his wife. 