SPORTS AT THE SEMAPHORE Thb Ketch Race. if anything was lacking to snow beyond dis pute that there are still some nautical spirits amongst us it would have been supplied by the enthusiasm created bv iha Ketch Race on Wed nesday, December 28, This event, be it known, has been the theme of general conversation at the Port for weeks past. The ketches are of foreign extraction, imported by spirited men— Taanaaians— to fill a want long felt of a trading craft suitable to a shallow harbour. The number . has been augmented at various times until it has reached half a dozen, and the master of each new comer has been prepared to swear by his vessel as superior to all its predecessors. This unsatisfactory kind of rivalry lasted for a long time, and much beer was employed to enforce the arguments pro and cor.; but it was not until within a ievt months that any attempt to organize something like a regular display 't sailing capabilities was made, when once the thing had been decided - on a Secretary was appointed, and the day fo« the trial fixed. Not the river, where Bboals and. banks would have rendered success more a matter of chance than capacity and skill ; but tho Semaphore anchorage was appointed as th.e scene of the great contest It has proved a great source of amusement to aotice the emula tion excited by the race. The anxiety to make a good show has been particularly beneficial to tradesmen, for the supply of new satis have not been limited or gear stinted. Some backers were bouuceable and positive ; l-ut it Is a .significant fact that the winner had rendered himself noticeable by his reticence. The whole of the competing vessels are fine, well-built craft of from 40 to 50 tons, with immense beam compared with their length. Although fiat in the floor, they are griped to windward by means of a powerful centre board. The spars they carry are very taunt, and some idea of the spread of' canvas may be gained when it is said that the one gafftopsail had in it over one hundred yards. No race for years has created such a sensation, and the absence of restriction as to numbers carried was taken full advantage of. In some of the craftj there were plenty of the upper crust of Port society, who had of course chosen the favourite. The jolly old Harbour Master distinguished himself by taking charge of another, and it is a positive novelty to say of him that he was not in with the winner. His defeat was all the more vexatious because his craft, the Adonis, had had a new suit of sails, and altogether looked like a clipper amongst the fleet. In other of the competitors might be observed agents and owners, schoolmasters and publicans, with a sprinkling of clerks and captains, all ready to take a pull at halyards or sheets, or in case of emergency a good pull at the creature comforts, which were apparently provided without stint. Doubtless there have been race3 between Cambria and Sappho, Black Maria and Ame rica, and other notable yachts of the old world, which in a way hare attracted attention; but this same race between the Port Adelaide ketches was an affair in which every man, woman, and child in and about the Port seemed to have some stage. Scarcely Lid day appeared on Wednesday morning before some vehicles were seen heading for the beach. It was not a charming morning, for before the sun rose a bank of lurid clouds away over the hills gave promise of a scorcher, and the wind from about N.E. came down in fitful puffs, bringing unpleasant clouds of dust. Even these disagreeables served not to prevent crowds of people seeking the beach. ?Shortly after 6 o'clock the amusement com menced; for then one or two, having anchored on a short scope, drove, and were compelled to make sail to beat up again to position.) As the day wore on the jetty became crowded, the booths on the beach hoisted flags, and attention began to centre in the half a dozen competitors who were at anchor off the jetty. Soon that tormentor to all river sailers (the Swallow) ap peared as saucy and presumptive as ever. On board her might easily be noted one of the very few true yachtsman that the colony can boast of who has laid himself out for the noble sport of yachting, and pays attention to it when his forensic pursuits permit. The course was a distance of about 20 miles, described by a line from the jetty to the Light bouse, thence to a seaward buoy west from the Woruca Bank, then to a buoy south of the T-head, and returning to the pier, but to com mence a second round of precisely the same description to win at the jetty end. Very pro perly, there were but few restrictions, the craft to start from their own anchors, and passing buoys on the port hand. Shortly before the time appointed the Sailor Prince was found to have sprung a leak, and, it was feared, would' relinquish the course. Like all British sailors, ' however, Eeid was not to be easily beaten, and finding bis craft only leaked on the star l-oard tack he slung one of his hands in a bow line and caulked the seam most cleverly in time to take up position. It was a matter of tem porary annoyance that the mark buoys wero not earlier placed; but this difficulty was easily got over, and at 11 o'clock the ketches were ranged into position with springs on cables as follows: — 1\. Dashing Wave, sailed by Korf. 2\. Adonis, sailed by Quin. * 3\. Crest of the Wave, sailed by Mortess. 4\. Prima Donna, sailed by Simmonds. 5\. Sailor Prince, sailed by Reid. 6\. Fleetwiner, sailed by Russell. Each carried Marryat's numeral as a distin guishing fla», and it was arranged mainsails, raizens, and staysails were to be set fair before making the signal 'All ready.' The tout ensemble was extremely fine as the precious old ''Junk' crossed the sterns to see that all was right. The signal-flag was lowered, and in one moment the whole fleet oanted on the starboard tack, effecting a splendid start. The Fleetwing took the weather gauge, setting maingafftop sail to about as much north-easter as she could .stand up to. The Crest of the Wave also set the maingaff topsail, and stepped out well towards the bar closehauled on n reach. The Prima Donna had scarcely .-et her maiiKiil when the throat halyards carried away, and the whole concern came down by the run, giving all other.-, a good chance. Then a little gust of wind made an 'Irish, reef' in the Dashing Wave's mainsail, and. she was under the necessity of tying .up a reef ?' at a very early stage of progress. At this time the whole fleet was scarcely heading for the bar \--uoy when theAdonLs set a good example and Kicked inshore, .so as to work up in smooth water. The others followed -writ, and as soon n.s Prima Douiia had repaired damages she looked ass if royal-yard jack meant to work up to a position. But there was the Crest of the Wave and the Fleetwintr. the Adonis and another on the weather reach. The Fleetwing stood up to her canvas remarkably well, but the Crest seemed to havo most power. Of course tho. loss of mainsail by reefing almot shut out Dashing Wave, but she very pluckily continued in the wake till the second round*, when her hopes vanished, and she, like P. D., left the contest to the others. Siramonsd's course of . proceeding was scarcely in keeping with bis known character, and was the more un necountable because on a previous occasion the Prima quietly headreached and weathered on tho Crest as she chose. Now came the tug of war as the Fleet wing, cleverly made a short hoard and rounded the bar buoy at 12. 15, followed at a bare minute's interval by Crest of the Wavo, with Prima Donna ton minutes astern, and Adonis to follow. As soon as it became a run staysail-halyards were let go, and square sails substituted, while the mizengnfftopsails were very, smartly set. - With the^ wind aft Fleetwiug and Crest kept equi-distant to the mid-buoy, and there. was not the least per ceptible cliange of position. The Sailor Prince was rather crippled by the loss of the bow sprit, and Adonis lost heart as the two leaders increased the interval. After passing the second buoy the course was about south-east, conse quently it brought the wind more abeam, and instantly the Crest overhauled the Fleotwiny. For a few moments the former's alteration in speed was scarcely noticeable; but she gradually ilrow on her .ival until the bowsprit covered the Ufa-ail, then headed a litllo further, when Flcetwing took in her mizengaff topsail and ?spurted again, as she. was freed from an ovcrpre.-s of sail. It lasted but a short time, for the Crest finally took position in the van. There was also a very close contest between the Adonis and Sailor Prinee. The latter headreached at times on tho Harbour-Master, and ultimately took the lead. But while very amusing to note the second part of the fray, the contest between the leaders was of most importance. At 10 minutea past 1 the Crest made a short tack in shore, and completed the first round at 1. 10 : aiid so well had she behaved in working- to wind ward that four minutes elapsed beforeihe Fleet wing rounded, and tilled away on the starboard tack for the second race to tho lighthouse. It was good fun to observe the struggles of third, fourth, fifth, and sixth boats.' Like .Mr. Micawber, they waited for something to turn up, but not a mast would carry away or a shroud f -;trt, to allow them the ghost of a chance, and thenceforward the whole'affair lay in a nutshell as for as competition went, for Crest, having secured the lead, kept it most beautifully, and finally came in at 2.-29, allowing Fleotwing to follow eight minutes after. During the rate there was just as reach wind as whole sails could lie set to, and at times it was necessary to shake up a little in the squalls. Some managed to cany the topsails till a late point of the race, when the breeze increased, and brought along clouds of sand and dust, which entirely destroyed the enjoyment of the .spectators, who, as soon as the event was over, sped towards the Port. The whole affair was highly successful, though 'the most knowing old fait- in the Port would never have backed the Crest to win, although tue tact of the master was something in her favour. It was not a brilliant exhibition to poke tho bow 6prit thro-jgh tbs mizen of somebody eli« just to finish the day's work, but the little contretemps was unavoidable, and the dajr passed away without aught further to mar the success of tua ketch race. 