THE ENGLISH MISSIONARY FARCE. (From the Nation.) For full four weeks past the London May Meetings have been in full swing. Holy and rev. fNewdegates swarm on evangelical platforms all the day. At the .meetings, _ everything, from a missionary cough to an inspired elevation of the white of the eyes, is femininely placid and decorous. There is go much to be thankful for, so much to be done to meet the increasing requirements of the highly-elastic field of Evangefrcal labour, and so'many additional contributions to revenue to be earnestly solicited! These are the chronic themes upon which the societies, one and > all, extemporise their flatulent melodies.' There is . something frightfully comic, too, in the elaborately digested papers in which the work of .the past twelve months is surveyed throngh the minifying lass of enthusiasm. The Religious Tract Soiety, for instance, finds a godly comfort, greater ven than the sound of Mesopotamia, in the act that it circulated 48,000,000 of fly leaves at cost of £17,223 during the past year. It ould be unkind to ask how this mountain of ious squibs was disposed of—how much per ound printed matter fetches at the butterman s r the tobacconist's. The Society for Promotng Christianity amongst the Jews spent 31,232 last year in wild and barren efforts o proselytize the dregs and sediment of the Hebrew Community .in London—the poor Israelites who bide in the foul crevices of Hounsditch and Petticoat Lane. After this enormous outlay, the managers had not a single convert to put on the platform—not even one old Gaberdine .with the ghost of a Jew seen through its rents and tatters. They certainly did trot out some unhappy Jewish infants, polished up for the occasion, like so many Dutch ovens ; but the feeling which these unfortunates (who will yet take to Judaism as ducks take to water) excited, oscillated between pity and disgust. Henreich Heine, himself a Jew, ought to have been present at this exhibition of lean fanaticism to immortalise its hypocrisy. Another of these devout speculations, "The Church Missionary Society," held its annual Saturnalia of godliness last week. Amongst the friends" present on the occasion was Crowther, the nigger bishop, who narrowly escaped being devoured by a galaxy of faded females, who conscientiously divided their zealous attention between the conversion of the heathen and the manufacture of missionary pincushions. The society flourishes. Last year it received £141,82S odd; and spent withinihe same year £157,247 odd ; showing a difference between income and expenditure of £15,418. So grave a deficit would be fatal to a literary, artistic, or scientific propaganda; but deficits, and the bigger the better, are the mainstay and the life of " religious" organisations. The deficit is even more eloquent than Bishop Crowther, a better stimulant than the African sun which tanned his skin up to the correct epis copal jet. The deficit says, "See, Christian friends, what we have done ! In our burning zeal for the salvation of the Parsees, the Cherokees, the Esquimaux, and the Patago nians, we, following apostolic example and precept, have not only unburthened our wallet of its last crust; yea, we have borrowed, knowing that the friends of our dear savages would not see us want." Such an appeal is irresistible, and a "rise in the funds" is the immediate result. We shall not stay to inquire how these igantic aggregates of pounds and shillings are misspent j but we have clear right to assert hat they could be better applied. There are ore savages in England than in Africa. Why ot endeavour to Christianise them? Why void that class of which Hammond, the Bucknghamshire labourer, is a fair sample ? That nhappy clodpole, on being examined the other ay on a trial at Uxbridge, stated, as well as an nglish Caliban could, that he could neither ead nor write ; that he knew nothing of future ewards or punishments, and he couldn't say hat he had ever heard of God or a deviL How omes it that Buckinghamshire barbarians are eglected whilst such overflowing attention is estowed on the lesser barbarians of Africa and he southern archipelagos ? The answer is tanalisingly easy. The Society, operating at magificent distances, can boast by the thousand of ts converts ; and as no one has the temerity to uggest that these "children of light" should e shipped to England for inspection, the staistics, however fictitious, pass in the nature of hings unchallenged. On the other hand, were he effonts of the " evangelisers" confined to uckinghamshire, or the Black Country, there ould be an end to romancing and unsound rithmetic, it would always be so easy for a ceptical supporter to run down the country and ot up the number of catechumens. The Soiety is no fool; its field of effort obviously lies here Mr. George M'Donald casts his story, at the back of the North Wind" St. Francis' Band.—A concert and ball wer e given on Tuesday evening, at Hockin's Assembly room, in aid of the St. Francis's Band. The Rev. G. V. Barry presided. The attendance was very large, so that the objects of the promoters of the entertainment must have been materially assisted. Several operatic selections were capitally rendered by the band, which has now been in existence for twelve months, and several lady and gentleman amateurs also assisted by singing songs and glees. Madame Onn, who was among the number, performed on the piano, in an artistic and accomplished style, a selection from the " Daughter of the Regiment." The Rev. W. Kelly, S. J., read a selection from Pickwick in his accustomed humourous style, and the Rev. J. Martin otherwise assisted in endering the evening's entertainment highly greeable to all present. Father Barry exlained that over and above the sum in which e had been recouped by the Easter Monday ala Fund, he had paid out of his private funds or the support of the Band over £100. It is he intention of the band to give quarterly conerts, as the members have now .to rely upon heir own exertions for support, and each Monay evening there will , be a ,popular entertainent in aid of St. Augustine's Church. Proessor Tracy efficiently acted as musical irector. The MAiMBBtTBV RESE&vora.;—We learn rom the Kyneton Guardian that "the Malmsury reservoir has been -virtually emptied. At resent the water flowing through the tunnel nly represents the ordinary nver stream, and o far as the Coliban ^ater scheme is concerned, his winter'* rain.hM now- gone to waste. The orks present a mt>Bt d®serted^ and dilapidated ppearance. Thebyjrashes, although no overigone over theih, treiratfe^nght' acro ??» t^nly iridicatingtbat ttchikg" wllitw^ resorted to to make tracks in the masonry mb be- coming more visible as the work is drvinir ti * subsidence' on the breast of the dam . outlet pipes, is now i that a great deal of the formation"mnrfT, ~ been washed in and have taken the nbw some of the earthwork which was insnffi^f' filled in. Heaps of rough stone have fiS at each end of the masonry work of the pensation channel, to prevent the walls ST' together; and so long as the water mr,t?„ 8 low, this plan will Be found effective t? aqueduct is falliug-in in all directions without any overflow of water; and, altogeth? the works wear a most dishpart^; ° _> Professional opinion is divided as to~ti? e <£u in the tower, some holding that the whole JS should come down and be replaced by an edZ of stone, whilst others incline to the belief thrf the cracks in the ribs of the plates may be s rectified as to render the present tower avail" able." • Signs of .the Weather.—The following ' signs of the/weather may be interesting to such of our readers as take interest in weather predic tions :—If the dew lie plentifully on the ma after a fair day, it is a sign of another. Ifw and there is no wind, rain must follow. A rd evening portends fine weather; but if j? spread too far from the horizon in the evening it foretells wind, or rain, or both. When the sky, in rainy weather, is tinged with sea green the rain will increase ; if with deep blue it will be showery. Against much rain the clouds grow bigger, and increase very fast, especially before thunder. When the clouds are formed like fleeces, but dense in the middle and bright towards the edges, with the sky bright, they am a sure sign of frost, with hail, snow, or rain. If clouds areintheair, inthin white trains, like locks of wool, they portend wind and probably rain. When a general cloudiness covers the sky, and small black fragments of clouds fly underneath, they are a sure sign of rain, and probably it will be lasting. Two currents of clouds always portend rain ; and in Mie summer, thunder,- Bubho Dispatch. 