j BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. | On Thursday evening, Februaiy 24, the ser vices were continued, when the Iter. J. Trewin of Kooringa, delivered the .district" sermon' after which the Lord's Supper Wasadmiristered ' to the ministers and delegates-aiid members who had been invited to join in the celebration. A considerable ? number accepted the invitation, and several ministers assisted in the scrvice. ^ © omit a resume of the sermon, a resolution having been since passed that tho Eev. J. Trowin be requested to supply a full outline for the magazine. Oa Friday morning business was resumed."' Mr. C. Tresise, who for three years has been successfully employed in opening'missions in the South-East, having fulfilled his term of pro bation, . presented himself for examination preparatory to being received into full con nexion. The ministers appointed to examine, tested his information on various branches of ^ knowledge. His answers giving general satisfaction, he was unanimously recom mended to the English Conference as suitable to enter the imnistry, and was received by the meeting. The afternoon was occupied m leading the reports adopted by the various j Circuit quarterly meetings, and the members of the District Sleeting relating their Christian experience. They spoke of conflicts and victories, of seasons of depression and times of refreshing, of their assurance of an interest m the death of Christ, and their hope of a blissful immortality. There was an expressed determination to giye themselves anew to God, j and to exert all their influence to promote the . | interests of the Church and the happiness of ' j mankind. On Friday evening, February 25, a scrvice. : was held for the public recognition of Mr. 0. | Tresise as an approved Minister. Tho devo j tional proceedings were conducted hv the Rev. T. Piper; and the Eev. J. Way, who presided, explained that after a probationer had been received by the Distrust Meeting, he was brought before the congregation for public recognition by vote_ of tho people. . He then called on Mr. C. Tresise to give a statement of his conversion, call to the ministry, Mid religious experience. Mr.- Tresise said he was not unconscious of tho important position he then occupied. He had never lived such solemn moments as recently, and hoped the act of that evening would be ratified in heaven. When very young ho first felt convictions of sin; parental prayers made a deep impression oh his mind, and a pious cler gyman helped him to serious religious thoughts and feelings. These wore away, but subse quently the Bible Christian Ministry produced powerful convictions that led him to Jenus. In company with a brother now in heaven he was 6aved. Years after he felt a grow ing desire to preach; he gave himself to preparation, and a deep, clear, and powerful conviction came that his whole life was to be j devoted to the ministry. He left England for this colony, and the impressions followed him. j He could not shake them off, and, having obtained a fecommendation from his circuit, he entered the work. He had realized many proofs of God's favour; no evidence could bo clearer than his assurance of salvation. He hoped to labour in the Bible Christian Church as long as God gave him breath to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. The Rev. S. Keen moved tho recognition of Mr. C. Tresise as a minister of the Bible Christian Church. He said none could could foresee the consequences of their act that night. It was apostolic teaching that they should " lay hands suddenly on no man." They acted on this inspired counsel. The Church must recommend. Year after year the pro bationers were subject to strict examinations to test their mental and spiritual attainments. The final examination at the end of four years was minute and careful. He believed Air. Tresise had qualifications for the work; he was converted. This was the first and highest qualification. They appreciated intellectual attainments, but these, however groat, were worthless without spiritual power. He had everv confidence in the young minister before them, and with much pleasure proposed his recognition. The Rev. J. Roberts seconded. Mr. Tresise was first appointed to labour with liim. lie knew something of his life, and had heard good reports from the other stations to which he had been appointed. The Eev. J. ritoyel was called on to support the recognition, "lie observed that the CI.urcli was the highest institution oil earth, and her ministry was of divine appoint ment. Xone should enter it but as drawn bv divine influence : they should be persons of the highest qualifications. Careful training was I | necessary for his high vocation ; the Apostles ! were trained by three years' instruction and j example by the best of teachers-their Lord I an. Master. The brother before them had been j thoroughly tested. In comparative isolation from brethren., surrounded with many diflicul- i ties, he had earnestly laboured for three vears j on mission ground, "l le knew something of his ! private and public life, and was pleased with i the fervency of his devotions, and earnestly \ hoped i.e would be favoured with a lonsr and | successful life. With great pleasure ho sup ported this proposed recognition. The resolu tion was unanimously carried. The Chairman 1 gave Mr. Trefi.se the right hand of fellowship, ! and presented him with a copy of the Holy .1 Scriptures, which ho hoped would he his daily I study, his guide and comfort through life. i The Rev. J. Ashton then delivered the charge. ' After referring to his having himself occupied a similar position 27 years ago, when he with four others listened to an address delivered bv one since dead, and remarked upon his feelings and determination then, the speaker proceeded to enlarge upon the work undertaken, its greatness and responsibility. He urged the necessity for purity of life, self-denial, consecration, enthu siasm, fidelity, and imitation of Christ ill hatred of sin and love of holiness. Ho then dwelt upon the theme3 which wci-e to form the groundwork for the preacher, aud spoke of the hindrances and encouragements in presenting the truth to hearers. Passing on, mention was made of the qualifications requisite in a minister, and the need for persevering lifelomr studv and constant patience. He then proceeded " 1 hink no effort too great and no privation hard that will aid you in the attainment of knowledge, and most" of all let your knowledge be of the Bible, and.such as will assist you to unfold and illu.sti-ate its meaning, and to enforce its obligations. Be not satisfied with mere fragments, valuable as they may be. Try to descend below the surface to principles tliat underlie the rules, precepts, and examples. Search for truth as for " hidden treasure." Know it hi its usual or caramon mode of exhibition, and also in its deeper abstraction and essence, but give it only in the former in your regular ministrations. 'Your auditors will generally look for the tru'h, the bread and water of life, rather than the processes of vour poxfeKsiug yourself of it To know the techni calities of theology is well, the better to see the propositionsand relations of truth, and the better to lie enabled to present it to others in its simple beauty and eternal blessedness. In preaching the less dogma the better. It should be clear^ and plain, and suggestive, rather than dieta except in- the ertremest cases; if then, bear and forbear long. 'Overcome evil with good.' Shame, or swe, or lead into submission to the -tmth and right by love.' All else may fail; love cannot always. " Do your own part in these matters well and timely, and generously help - the slow and backward, without severe reproof or chiding.' He concluded thus: "There are, too, Tobiahs; Sanballats, apd Geshems set on mischief, hindering the work of the Lord. Jerusalem in ruins is their glory; the temple of the Lord destroyed is their delight. They must not be feared, but defied and contemned. Love. of . ease must be over come by the fire, and life, and power of ' Christ in you, the hope, of glory.' Sin and iniquity, however multiform and however archly and artfully posted against Christ and liis universal reign on the earth, must be in the name of the Lord assailed in its own-citadel, and there may be ho truce or compromise. 'To liim every knee shall bow.' 'All nations shall call him blessed.' All error, whether total or partial, whether coarse or subtle, and whether popularly called good or evil, must be con stantly opposed with the truth in love, , the truth in precept, in rule, in practice, or example. The truth lived must be living truth, and cannot be hidden long. * Let your light so thine before men that they may see your good works and glorify jour Father which is in heaven.' But heart evil is the greater foe and enemy to the reign of Jesus Christ the Lord; and lore, God's love in Christ Jesus, is its conqueror. ' It has conquered, it docs now conquer, it shall conquer till all shall know him 'whom to know is life eternal. How important well to live the life of earth; great as are its responsi bilities, there is no need to despair. ' Our suf ficiency is of God;' His rod and staff comfort. He says, ' I am with you alway; my grace is sufficient for thee: be faithful; 1 will give thee a crown of life.' Seek and expect the Holy Ghost's spirit to comfort and to guide you into all truth; God's providence over you shall be gracious and good. Never forget it is for God you live, for God you labour-that you live and ? labour - that man, your brother, may be brought bark to love* and loyalty to Christ; brought to purify and peace through Christ. Let your eye be single; let your aim be great; let your hope be ardent; let Christ be all and in all. Ever remember your high and holy calling. . To enemies without or within come J not down. To Satan, to sin, to the world, to I the flesh, to all that would divert you from 'your work of faith and your labour of love,' say, ' I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down.' May God Almighty bless and help you my brother, and may you ever be richly anointed with the unction of the Holy Ghost.'-" 