LOCAL 'AND' ENE&BBRNfiEW; "' tl T : TBchiliatte tr fit' B idtri dstis 'w on Tuesdaylmorning, ,bi, the four eases "t.l fined to taiiin t~o iti thb i i i4'W" W decided at lastsittioge,.adteClohe oortadjonrned sine die. . , ' . t, From various anongno hto in o columlif'it' 1 W N t feri6 r opinion exis ng thb s to the Juhncioot on on paon -pay; and the Beea. bites will ho., neld a is?? i ttpl e the eveningahge wilsued .i . oths olweooT Thplendilntaerbind,..fld. .ir promenade .oano? il (sand, .weipsume,a danae).4ln eS i ohoot .of Axltsci sturday-evening ne--. ------------ i heN Bo.2 bCmpdany QV s. aund r he ate t to er Q.Vone hseld.heirf, an ere a area of'land unight wast-mrobhig ro timeir ,U parnthe Btgop ils woCld4ha p epte on his stat, de tut he hay yet . of tenitionMr.;Ivory i t' .ae e of Ipswich, was oria ' t er tory. - .. , : 1.Tli-./' £1 ol0 oopertihbbbe entrtalnlbgiihydtad eItt riebIa 6 1P the sugar- can e swill suceed in this neighboni . we .Tames Codlper, o6tafU4 ,, Js aotfira re .under cane-Borbson-so _'tsd-ieuh io looking splendid. A gentldni&a;' oil isgao,5wb seen the cane, pronounoes it'? f4? lU,1dby tiePa hise in the Bafor"bsome inib s ie yof unfortunate there sro0 mill available,,. e the? e oertadraotin' pTfitlh to erect one himself,n and the a lae ar ofind in thoe eliOhbdurthbdCbtOables'yof laplFaiting ai bb suit. Itwaslto Mh t n.lake timerett bettwr. the Bp anpr dil , parldheo.r Blabhhe a on his estate, and o e. trust he m? y yeti intention. .our ls ;Iossue respe r yl prombd in riAOl ua we bliv te greater pa. or the Brpb. s Derby. the yongq Webk at Bsel rbe b a r tle ,sported fine, can be een at this offand, bei to y old, none acting asug evo r ietnd.at llop;f e WoogDo Lunatic AsylOlin'aeire»,rtiirdgiW'Bt p ,6 thanks for "some number?ofthe ledig trtioi ind t Epyefur~tfom Ed. IB."Ollehi fdli44SXriE?, for use of the patients; al o, a is almost o rm fo? Barrymoro, iesi4 Wit kterd ? ?'e, S Oribb WesterlenisRailway.'? **:'..'n'J .a iA tbIh e oierfolios t ioiiiSe ceedayl. lr tcbh" lb" . wa granted to Mr. G. L. Clarke toerectgates betwesdt o portions 69 and 82, ponsidrble tbebb hem, and on pe tioi 4i of te olood, for: theyear 1p81, tihreekl4JI notices having been given. . b* * n'*irO i5 'W BBcarnO.fiEm dir elistof B bltn i$4 is not h*itrd'6ftirbthnathe eaphWisttw e in ourlast iss a e respeting u er y prot miing illy said to be under his training for them riet ba Derby. Al the young atobk at Buuemaraba'lthe?'!iptve be horse Saron'Sy.Wbatherbit, and, beingunlyt*o years old, none of them hans.eryfo t;hepa ..allopXi'tritL By a einjulr oidineid?te?s the leading article in they Qe enslande hopreas of Tuesday is almost word tof'l word identical wit Buletter eig?ed oahr bert aribb" in the Courier of the oar odate.n mn During thp; last few dayp theresias been gau t nocti ity amongst a considerable number of the South Sea Islanders who haTr been employed along th Couthern coast line of the colony for the past three yami . 4it engagement of a large number of these terminatod¶lH Noember, and ae mnost of them determdied to tMars to the Iselends at lereast tempordrily, th'.havs been making preparatbsie n r i the To nyhei wag..e ererietl aKing schooner, in histance i en lcmebrteddise, whicho the uslanders home, was toied to the Bayby tbians,ef bone, a, on caturpay lof lk:,.nOeraery, Fiirearmst she took on board forty- seven men frombarked fro Whish ' and Treaelyan's pla thtatio at se O lboatr and r tne forty- rom Mr. G.Rahamsf .?y'lo tiorny fields. AUlltheabe men had serrol'Aeir; thboyears and 166kea'abe abetter:for. it. ti4hlyARU Jspressed theomelaes as (erfeotly satisfied withthe? ? e lit of their reidence in the colony. Their wage were, in - almost every inetane, inrestedo i'merohandise which will be useful to their' brethren in the islands, consisting principally of otin gdrapery, firearms, tools, and boes. Theaelantiberyndehland are par icularly fond of garryli iogsB with hea. senge boxes are all mad e cedart, and cfsly equal to 26s. each. In adtition to those who'were embarked from Messrs; Whish's anid Raslan there;s on r ta s lsrg number returned from, Mr.. Graham. Mybne station who had also serveryd theirptime. ThC en werepid in cash, ibut every shillin of the money as gpepnin purchasig the aame kind tof ohat od wbhih hidl'bLen procured by their empatritshe Tjhere were also some islanders returned from Mr. Foturntst g an' e.olon at Burpengary Ceik, mtakingar ho alm of t1 rincipally natives of Maii;sladwicbh, and-ambryn. The acom sodation on loard t tte rri e ngfor he passengers Shav proouedto b reeentc faor the syequal to any Eyuropean. igrent ship. The ventilatio.sh lierty wparticur tattention to, and the arrsngement .o( thet bunks is.enorellent. Ao gntleman from t nishing rtion Ofhate accompanied the islanders on boardthe .je"ct.., 'and saw that every possible care wasGeran torn to i on . them comfortable, and that they had been hoanguge paid their full wages. The asjority of the islanars expressed their intention of wrturhing to the. colony., after a short visit to their homes a ome oefs.the.m dock saying theo y would returs n with the vateronl.-Ctt I have a profound reverence for the syhtem of trial:-,, by jury. It is the plladium of Engish litt?hirty-n whatever that may mean. If a prisoner canonely gete. a friend ora relativ on his jury its astonishing howa; that jury wll stick out foruld t the be of e subject. If, in addition to a prisoner getting a friend or a relan tive on his jury, e can secure a German or two who; do n rt thorouglly uoderstand the Englih slanguage - he is as "right as a trivet'" s the sublime Milton beautifully expresses it. It don't matter how olearlbi guilt is proed, he will gt o with flying colour.: The judge may omit to tell him that he " leaves.the. dock without a stain on his charactsr,"-bntltlrttbd o't- matter much. Now, this is very handyi yutkpow, Everybody has the germs of criminality'in hiim'ai who knows how soon circumstenees my develop themi j into actual crime. If it was not forjuries, a criminal. ' who was really guilty wouldn't tand the ghost of chaner. o rewore, I am proud f te" palladium, and I say, more powerto yon, mylibertyloving faindi.* who servi on j riee.-'JosEucLmh ', in ha . .. i A telegram from.Bowen in the Courier stlates thata | dray has been found capsize'd' ip the road from5 Townvsille to iavenswood, -with a' man dead unde-2 noatl.. Two of thebhores-were mAlaoiad, -1st-aha other two wore still yoked up. 