UTEBATUH'gy MAN AND WIPE. Br WILKEE COLLINS. SIXTEENTH SC ENE. — SAIiT PATCH. CHAPTER THE ITFTY-EOTTBTH.— THE MAXUSCBIPT. (CONTINUED.) " When I looked at him that night, deep in his 1 drunken Bleep, I thought of Jael and Sisera (See the book of Judges; chapter 4th ; yerses 17 to 21). It Bays, 'She took anail of the tenfc, and took an hammer in her hand, and went -softly unto him, and smote the nail into his temples, , and fastened it into the ground : for he was fast asleep and weary. So he died.' She did this deed, to deliver her nation from SiBera. . If ; there bad been a hammer and a nail in the room, that night, I think I ehould have been Jael — with t 'is difference, that I should have done.it to deliver myself, - " With the morning thiB passed off, far thetimc. I went and spoke to a lawyer, " Most people, in my place, would have had e icugh of the law already. But I was one of the sort who drain the cup to the dregs. What I said to him was, in substance, this. ' I come to ask -vour advice about a madman. Mad people, as 1 understand it, are people who have lost control eyer their own minds. Sometimes, this leads fcKsm to entertaining delusions ; and sometimes it leads them to committing actions hurtful to others trio themselves. My husband has lost all control over his own craving for strong drink. He re quires to be kept from liquor, as other -madmen «s.uire to be kept from attempting their own lives, or the lives of those about them. It's a frenzy teyond his own control, with him— juBt as it's a renzy beyond their own control, with them. (There are asylums for mad people, all over the country, at the public disposal, on certain con ditions. If I fulfil those conditions, will the law deliver me from the misery of being married to a madman, whose madness is drink?' — 'No,'" says the lawyer. ' The law of England declines to con sider an incurable drunkard as a fit object for restraint ; the law of England leaves the husbands and wives of Buck people, in a perfectly helpless situation, to deal with their own misery as they best can.5 " I made my acknowledgments to the gentle man, and left him. The last chance was this phance — and this liaa. failed me. yhi. " The thought that had once found its way into my mind already, now found its way back again ; and never altogether left me from that time forth. Ho deliverance for me but in death— his death, or mine. " I had it before me, night and day ; in chapel, and out of chapel, juetlthe same. I read the story of J aei and Sisera so often, that the Bible got to open of itself at that place. " The laws. of my own country, which ought to have protected me as an honest woman, left me helpless. In place of the laws, I had no friend near to open my heart to. I was shut up in myself. And I was married to that man. Con sider me as a human creature, and say : — "Was this not trying my humanity very hardly ? " I wrote to good Mr. Bapchild. Hot going into panicolars bnlyjfcelling him I was beset by temptation, and begging him to . come and help me. Ee was confined to his bed by illness ; he - could only write me a letter of good advice. Td- profit by good advice, people must have a glimpse of happiness to look forward to as a reward for exerting themselves. Religion itself is obliged to bold out a reward, and to say to us poor mortals, Be good, and you shall go to Heaven. I had no glimpse of happiness. I was thankful (in a dull , sort of way) to good Mr. Bapchild — and there it; ended. " The time had been when a word from my old pistor weald have put me in the right way again, j began to feel scared by myself. If the next iii usage I received from Joel Dethridge found toe an unr/lianged woman, it was borne iii et.-ongly on my mind that I should be as likely a not to get my deliverance from him by my own haiicL " Goaded to it by the fear of this, T Bumbled thyself before my relations for the.- first "time. I r. rote to beg their pardon ; to own, tbatAhpy had jjiorcd to be right in their opinion ufrjfoyiliiis- bjir.d ; and to entreat them tube friends with me again, so far i«s to let me visit them-fixmitMfje to time."" My nation was, that it might soften my heart if I c : aid see the old place ; and talk the oli talk ; ami look again at the well- remembered faces. I am almost ashamed to own it— but, if j Had had any thing to give,! would have parted with j,. if be allowed to go back into mother's kitchen and 'conk the Sunday dinner for them onee more. ; '< \- 1 - ' But th +?. lo be- Kh£ my, letted was re -eivi mother U& aisd." Tfoqrlald it all at my" door. .£»e bad beers ailing for year past, and the dobtor -d . ai.d wf &>& \ from fcbe first— but (hev a a!\ door. One of my sisters wrote say that muc ». hi m few " words as could suffice for | s jyirgit. My father never aus my letter | ap a A rx. " Magistrates and lawyers; relwiOTlispwOT friends j endurance of injuries, pa|jence, hopel an|| QitoffifoflgtoggJ hadiged all|h|to/mid tried th the pi|| TBthSkPkiBbaud/l-: g<Jt a lit . home njpp|of temper one V' - "yjjy ' a - ' Don't .try our owntoike/waa alllsaisl. It was onewf his sbter days ; and, for the first time, A b d from ;pie seemed, to have an offset on him. EMooked hard at me for a minute or so. And then he went and sat down in a corner, and held his peace. ?«.-«.» s .-.t >£- . ) J !"TKIs'vips; on a Tuesday in the week.. " On the Saturday hegot paid, and the drinking lit took \- %0ariday inthe next week, I happened to come Back late — having had a good stroke of work to do that day, in the way of cooking- a public dinner fora tavern-keeper who knew me. YY6uii3 "piiy ; .Husband gone, " and the bedroom stripped of the furniture which I had put into it. ®Eor the second' time, he had robbed toe bf toy own property, and had turned it into money to be spent in drink. " I didn't say a word. I stood, and looked round the empty, room. What was going on in me, I hardly knew myself at the time, and can't describe now. Ail I remember is, that,, after a . little, I turned about to leave the house. I knew the places where my husband was likely to be. found ; and the devil possessed me to go and find hito. Tbe landlady came out into the passage, and tried to stop me. She was a bigger and a stronger woman than I was. But I shook her off like a child. Thinking over it now, I Believe, she whs in no condition to put eufc her strength. The sight of me frightened her. "1 found him. I said — well, I said what a woman beside herself with fury would .be likely to say. It's needless to tell how it ended. He knocked ,me down. "After that, there is a spot of darkness, like, in rmy memory. The next thing I can call to mind, Sis coming Back to ; my senses, after sonae days. Three of my teeth were knocked out — but that was not the worst of it. My head had struck against something in falling ; and some part of me j(a nerve, I think they said) was injured in such a way us to affect my speech. I don't mean that I was downright dumb — I only mean that, all of a sudden, it had become a labour to me to speak. A long word was as serious au obstacle as if I was a child again. They took me to the hospital. "When the medical gentlemen heard what it -was, the medical gentlemen came crowding round me. I appeared to lay hold of their interest," just as a story-book lays hold of the interest of. other people. The upshot of it was, that I might end in being dumb, -or I might get mv speech again — /the chances were about equal. Only two things Vere needful. One of them was that I should live on good nourishing diet. The other was that should keep my mind easy. " About the diet, it was not possible to decide. My getting good nourishing food and drink de pended on my getting money to buy the same. As to my mind, there was no difficulty about that. If my.husband came back to me, my mind was made up to kill him. "Horrid — I am well aware this is horrid. Nobody else, in my place, would have ended as wickedly as that. All the other women in the world, tried as I was, would have risen superior to the trial. 'X. " I have said that people (excepting my husband and my relations) were almost always good to me. " The landlord of the house which we had taken when we were married, heard of my sad case. He gave me one of his empty houses to look after, and a little weekly allowance for doing it. Some of the furniture in the upper rooms, not being wanted by lhe last tenant, was left to be taken at a valuation if the next tenant needed it. Two of the servants' bedrooms (in the attics), one next to the other, had all that was wanted in them. do i naa a root to cover me, and a" choice of beds to lie on, and money to get me food. All well again — but all too late. If that house could speak, what tales that house would have to tell Of me 1 "I bad been fold by the doctors to exercise my speech. Being all alone, with nobody to speak to, except when the landlord dropped in, or when the servant next door, said ' Nice day, ain't it ?' or, ' Don't you feel lonely ?', or such like, T bought the newspaper, and read it out loud to myself to exercise" my .speech in that way. One day, I came upon a bit about the wives of drunken husbands. It was a report of something said on that subject by a London coroner, who had held inquests on dead husbands (in the lower ranks of life) , and who had his reasons for suspecting the wives. Examination of the Body (he said) didn't prove It i. and witnesses didn't prove it ; but he thought it, nevertheless, quite possible, in some ca8es, that, when the woman could bear it no ionger, she sometimes took a damp, -towel and waited till the husband (drugged with his own liquor) was sunk iu his sleep, and then put the towel over his nose and mouth, and ended it that way without anybody being the wiser. I laid down the newspaper; and fell into thinking. My mind was, by this time, in a prophetic way. C said to my self, 'I hav'nt happened on this for nbthing : this means that I shall see my husband again.' It was then just after my dinner-time-— two o'clock. That same night, at tli8 moment when I had put out my candle, and laid me down inn bed, I heard a knock at the street door. Before . I had lit my candle, I says to myself, Here he is.' "I huddled on a few things, and struck a light, and went down stairs. I. called out through the door. ' Who's tlierp ?' And his voice answered, ' Let me in.' " I sat down on a chair in the passage, and shook all over like person struck with palsy. Not from the fear of him— but from my mind being in the prophetic way." I knew I was going to be driven. to it, at last. Try as I might fo keep from doing it, my mind told mp I was to do it now. I sat shaking on the chair in the fissage j I on one-side of tbe-door, and he on the- other. ' " He knocked ag$in, and again, and again. J khew it was useless to try-?and yet I resolved to . try. I determined not to let him iuf till I was "forced to it. I determined to lefc him $larm the neighbourhood, aqd to see if the neighbour hood would step bptween us. I went upstairs, (gad waited at, the open st$irc.aee window, over the door. " ' "The policeman came up, and the neighbours -came Out. They were -all for g&itrg; whiin "fiato custody. The lajd b&ud; <?n bim, Hp word to say : he had only to point up 5!e"at "te window, afid to teil them I was his wifPhe neighbours went in door again. Tbe onnaropped hold of his arm( waALjWho 1 was iuipe wrong, and not Be. T<Sw» boipd to ; let mhusband in. I went dowp stairs ' gain, andlimm. T-;. V passed between us, niBifc. I thre|S|!/BU the door of the bedroom ndxt to and went and locked myselfihto nf.Bwn rooim. He was dead beat with roaming the streets without a penny in his popkivh)!- long. The bed to lie on was all he wanted for that night. " The next morning, . I tried again — tried to turn back hnstHe way that/I vpas doomed to go; knowingTbeforehand that it would Be of ho use. I offered him three parts of my poor weekly earniags, T. to be paid .to him regularly at the landlords office, if he would only keep away frpm. me; and; from; the house. He laughed in my face. As my husband, he could take all my earnings; If he -choBe. And .--as- for ' leaving the house, the house offered him free Quarters to live in, as long as I was employed to look after it. The landlord couldn't part man' and wife. " I said no more. Later ih the day, the land lord came. He said, if we could make it out to live together peaceably, he had neither the right nor the wish to interfere. If we made any dis turbances, then be should be obliged to provide himself with some other woman to look after the house. I had nowhere else to go, and no other ; employment to undertake. If, in spite of that, I had put on my bonnet, and walked out, my husband would have walked out after me. And , all decent people would have patted him on the back, and said, 1 Quite right, good man — quite right.' "So there he was, by his own act, and with the approval of others, in tbe same house with me. " I inade no remark to him, or to the landlord. Nothing roused me now. I knew what was coming ; I waited for the end. There was some change, visible in me to others as I suppose, though not noticeable by myself, which first surprised my husband, and then daunted him. When the next night came, I heard him lock the door softly in, his own room. It didn't matter to me. When the; time was ripe, ten thousand locks wouldn't lock out what was to come. . . " The next day, bringing my weekly payment, brought me a. step nearer on the way to the end. Getting the money, he could get the drink. . This time, he began cunningly — in other words, he ..began his drinking by slow degrees. The landlord ' (bent, honest man, en trying to keep the peace between us) had given him some odd jobs to do, in the way of small repairs, here and there about the house. ' You owe this,' he says, ' to my desire to do a good turn to your poor wife. I am helping you, for her sake. Show yourself worthy to be helped, if you can.5 " He said as usual that he was going to turn over a new leaf. Toolate ! The time had gone by. He was doomed; and I was doomed. It didn't matter what he said now. It didn't matter, when he locked his door again the last thing at night. " The next day was Sunday. Nothing happened. I went to chapel. Mere habit. It did me no good. He got on a little with the drinking — but still cunningly, by slow degrees. I knew, by ex perience, that this meant a long fit, and a bad one, to come. " Monday, there were the odd jobs abont the bouse to be begun. He was, by this time, juBt sober enough to do his work, and just tipsy enough to take a spiteful pleasure in persecuting his wife. He went out, and got the things he wanted — and came back, and called for me. A skilled workman like he was (he said) wanted a journeyman under him. There were things which it was beneath a skilled workman to do for himself. He was not going to call in a man or a boy, and then have to pay them. He was going to get it done for nothing, and he meant to make a journeyman of me. Half tipsy and half sober, he went on talking like that, and laying out his things, all quite right, as he wanted i hem. When they were ready, he straightened himself up ; and he gave me, his orders what I was to do, " I obeyed him, to the best of my ability. What ever he said, and whatever he did, I knew he was .goiag as straight as man could go, to his own death by my bands. " The rats and mice were all ovsr the house' and the place generally was out of repair. He ought to have begun on the kitchen floor. But (having sentence pronounced against him) he began in the empty parlours on the ground floor. "These parlours were separated by, what is called, a ' lath and plaster wall.' The rats had damaged it. At one part, they had gnawed through, and spoilt the paper. At another part they had not got so far. The landlord's orders were to spare the paper, because he had some by him to match it. My husband began at a place where the paper was whole.- ' TJnder his directions, I mixed Tip — I won't say what.1 With thehelp of it, he got the paper loose from the wall, without injuring it in any way, in a long hanging strip. Under it, was tbe plaster and the laths, gnawed away in places by the rats. Though strictly a paperhanger by trade, he eould be plasterer too when he liked. I saw how he cutaway the rotten laths, and ripped off the plaster ; and (under his directions again) I mixed up the new plaster he wanted, and handed him tli'e pew laths, and saw how he set them. I won't say a word about how this was done, either. " I have a reason for beeping silent here, which is, to my mind, a very dreadful one. In every thing that my husband made me do that day, he was showing me (blindfold) the "way to kill him, so that no living soul, in the police or out of it, could suspect me of the deed. " We finished the job on the wall just before dark. I weut to my ojup <if tea ; and he went to his bottle of gin. . - - "I left him, drinking hard, to put our two bedrooms tidy for the night. The place that his bed happened to. be set iu (which I. had never, remarked particularly before) seemed, in a man ner of speakin'g, to force itself on my notice now. " The head of the bedstead was set against the wall which divided his room from mine; From looking at the bedstead, I got to looking at the wall next, Then to wondering what it was i$ade of. - Then to rapping agains); it with my knuckles- The sjbuwl tpld me there. ws nothing bait lath and plaster under the paper. It was the same as the wall We bs>d been at work on downstairs. We had .elWjed op way so fe through . this last—in certain .places where tte repairs were most needed —that we had to be cartful not to burst through the paper iu the room on tfie other side/ f found myself calling to mind the caution my isjbaTid had givemfo we were at this part ofJji|ie work, word teh'irprd as he had spoken it. care a ou find jflMtr hands the dfyipom Mmitok gppi What said 4$tjh: pario®Erar|bis tjfjpBPff repeating it inemy the while on the keyWhich he had fumved to tlw imiter side o$me: d6jb%o lock himsjfo — till ti knowledge jfj'atJiQeant bumtJifrjNne likq flaah of \ light; l iooked at the w£jii,- at the bea«i head, at my own two hands — and I shivered as if it was winter-time. " Hours must have passed like minutes while I was upstairs that night. I lost all count of time. When my husband came up from his drinking,; he found me in his room. : ? ? t 7. . . £' I. | I \ j'xii. - t !. J, \ " I leave the rest untold, and pass on purposely to thenext-mocning. -. - - r " No mortal eyes but inine will ever see these lines. Still, there are things a woman can't write of even herself. I shall only say this. I suffered the last and worst of many indignities atr my husband's hands— at the: very time when; I first saw, set plainly before me, the way to take- bis life. He went out towards noori next day, to go his rounds among the public houses ; my 1 mind being then strung np to deliver myself from ' him for good and all, when he came back 'at night. . " The things we had used on the previous day, were left in the parlour. I was all by myself in the house ; free, to put in priactiee the lesson he Bad taught me.1 " I proved myself an apt scholar. Before the lamps were lit in the street, I had my own way prepared (in my bedroom and in his) for laying my own hands on him— after he had ' locked himself up for the night. " I don't remember feeling either fear or doubt, through all those hours. I sat down to my bit of 'supper, with no better and no worse an appetite than usual. The only change in me that I can j call to mind Was that I felt a singular longing to have somebody with me to keep'Bie company. Having no friendto astin, I went to the street door, and stoqd foeking at the people - passing this way and that. - "Astray dog, sniffing about, came up to me.' Generally, I dislike dogs and beasts of all kinds. I called this one in, and gave him his supper. He had been taught (I suppose) to sit up on his liind legs and beg for food : at any rate, that was his way of asking me for more. I laughed — it seems impossible when I look back at it now, but for all that it's true — I laughed till the tears ran down my cheeks, at the little bea6t on his haunclies, with his. ears" pricked up, and his head on one side, and his mouth watering for the victuals. I wonder whether I was in my right senses ? I don't know. " When the dog had got all he could get, he whined to be let out to roam the streets again. " As I opened the door to let the creature go his ways, I saw my husband crossing the road to come in. Keep out,' (I says to him) ; To-night, of all nights, keep out.' He was too drunk to heed me ; he passed by, and blundered his way upstairs. I followed, and listened. I heard him open his door, and bang it to, and lock it. I waited a bit, aud went up another stair or two. I heard him drop down on his bed. In a minute more, he was fast asleep and Snoring. " It had all happened as it was wanted to happen. In two minutes — without doing one single thing to bring suspicion on myself — I could have smothered him. I went into my own room. I took up the towel that I had laid ready. I was within an inch of it — when there came a -rush of something up into my head. I can't say what ; it was. I can only say the horrors laid hold of me, and hunted me then and there out of the house. " X put on my bonnet, and slipped the key of the street door into my pocket. It was only half- past nine — or maybe a quarter to ten. If I had any one clear notion in my head, it was the notion of running away, and never allowing myself to set eyes on the house or the husband more. " I went up the street-, and came back. I went down the street, and came back. I tried it a third time, and went round and round and round — and came back. , It was not to be done. The house held me chained to it, like a dog to his kennel.. I couldn't keep away from it. For the life of me, I couldn't keep away from it. " A company of gay young men and women passed me, just as I was" going to let myself in again. They were in a great hurry. 'Step out,' says one of them; the theatre's close by, and we; shall be just in time for the farce.' I turned about, and followed the men. Having been piously brought up, I had never been inside a theatre in my life. It struck me that I might get taken, as it were, out of myself, if I saw something that was .quite strange to me, and heard something which would put new thoughts into my mind. " They went in to the pit ; and I went in after them. : " The thing they called the farce had begun. . Men and women came on to the stage, turn and turn about, and talked, and went off again. Before . long, all the people about me in the pit were laughing and clapping their hands.- The noise they made angered me. I don't know how to de- scruie tae suue i huh iu. jajr «jroo huuxuu o poi ko me, aud my ears wouldn't serve me, to see and to hear what the rest of them were seeing and r hear ing. There must have been something, I fancy, in my mind, that got itself between me and what was going on upon the stage. The play looked fair enough on the surface ; butthere was danger and death at the bottom of it. Tbe players were talking and laughing to deceive the people — with murder, in their minds all the time. And nobody knew it but me — and my tongue was tied when I tried to tell the others. I got up, and ran out. The moment I was in the street, my steps turned back of themselves on the way to the bouBe., Ioalled a oab, and, told the man . to drive (as Jar as a shilling would take, me) the opposite way. He put me down— -I j don't -know where. Across the street I saw an in- ecriptiou inej&ers; of flame javer an open door The man said it was a dancing- place. Dancing; was as new to me as play-going: T-had one more shilling left Viand I paid to go in and see what a sight of the dancing would do for me. The light from the ceiling poured down in thiB place as if it was allon fire.. The . Clashing of the music was. dreadful; ' The whirling' round and rouhd of men and women in each other's arms was quite mad- denihg" to see. I don't know what, happened to ' me h®re% The great blaze of light .from the ceiling turned bfoofi-red on a sudden. The man standing in front of the musfoiaiis waving a stick, tooltf the likeness of .Satan, as seen ih' Bhe picture in our family Bible at home. ' The whirling and women went round and rodftd, with white faces like the faces qf the dead, and bodies robed in winding-sheets. I screamed out with the terror of it ; aud some person took me by the like a cmKand . p wjkingHptwijh it, ewwtTkooVmVy" gtbmposijgpy mind withW|\bblief tBfi W fposfc uiyp andjthat I sTO find m3®J, distant ipfaome when dawtMZg rjlttS and woup. on go 0n again, I happened to turn my head towards th door of the house. The number on it, wag tfi6 same number as ours. I looked again. And behold, it was our steps I had been resting on The door was our door. There was no mistaking what this perpetual ing.back. |o the jouse meant. Resist it as I might, it was to be. " I opened the street door, and went upstairs- arid heard him sleeping Bis heavy sleep, exactly as L-Bad -Beard- him- when I-went out, , ! !; ;down on my Bjd, and took off my bonnet; ; quke ' quiet in InysClf; because I knew it whs -to be. damped the towel ; and, put it ready ;,and toQ a turn in the room. "It was just the dawn cf day. The sparrows ' were chirping among the trees in tfie square hard ' by. , ' " I drew up my blind. The faint light spoke to me as if in words. 'Do it now, before I get brighter,.and show too much. " I listened. The friendly silence had a word for me too. ' Do it now, and trust the secret to Me.' " I waited till the church clock chimed before striking the hour. At the first stroke — without touching the lock of his door ; without setting foot in his room— I had the towel over his face; Before the last stroke, he had ceased struggling When the hum of tfie bell through the morning silence was still and dead — he was stall and dead with it. XIII. " The rest of this history is counted in my mind by fpur idays./ Wednesday ; Tfannday; Friday ; Saturday. After that, it all fades off like; and the new years come with a strange loek — being the years of a new life. V What about/thq old life first ? .What did I feel, in the horrid quiet of the morning, when I had done it? " I don't know what I felt. £ can't remember it, or I can't tell it, I don't know which. lean write the history of the four days— and that's all. " Wednesday.,— I gave the alarm towards noon. Hours before, I had put things straight and fit to be seen. I had only to call for help, and to leave the people to do as they pleased. The neighbours come in, and then the police. They knocked, uselessly , at his door. Then they broke it open, and found him dead in his bed. II Not the ghost of a suspicion of me entered the mind of- any one. There was no fear of human justice finding me out : my one unutter able dread was dread of an Avenging Providence. I had a short sleep that night, and a dream, in which I did the deed over again. For a time, . my mind was busy with thoughts of confessing to the poliee, and of giving myself up. If I had not belonged to a respectable family, I should have done it. From generation to generation there had been no stain on our good name. It would be death to my father, and disgrace to all my family, if I owned what I had done, and suffered for it on the public scaffold. I prayed to be guided ; aud I had a revelation, towards morning, of what to do. II I was commanded, in a vision, to open the Bible, and vow on it to set my guilty self apart among my innocent ieuow-creaiurei m»m w" day forth : to live, among them a separate and silent life : to dedicate the use of my speech toj the language of prayer only, offered up in the solitude of my own chamber, when no human ear could hear me. Alone, in the mere iog, I saw Che visiou, and vowed the vow. No human ear has heard me -from that time, ho human ear will hear me, to the day of my death. " Thursday. — The people came to speak to me as. usual. They found me dumb. " What bad happened to me in the psst» when my head had been hurt, and my speech affected by it, gave a likelier look to my dumb ness than it might have borne in the case of another person. They took me back again to the hospital. .The doctors were divided in opinion Some said the shock of what had taken place in the-house,-Goming-on -the back of the other shock, might,- for ail they knew, have dope the mis chief. And others said, She got her speech again after the accident ; there has been no MW injury since that time : the woman is shamming dumb, for some purpose of her own.' I ht them dispute it as they liked. All human talk was nothing now tome. I had set myself apart among my fellow-creatures ; I had began my Separate and silent life. . "Through all this time, the oente of a coming pnipfthpTffift hanging over me. never left my mind. I had nothing to dread Jrom human justice. The judgment of ah Avenging Pron dence — there was what l was waiting f or. " Friday— They held the inquest. He bad been known for years past as an inveterate drunkard ; he had been seen ofer night going home in liqnor ; he had been found locked up in his room, with the hey inside tfie door, and the lateh of the window bolted also. No ffie place was in this garret'; nothing was disturbed or altered ; nobody by human possibility could have got in. The iipbtor reported that he bad died of congestion of the lungs ; and the jury gave their Verdict accordingly. ' xrv, , " Saturday.1 — Marked for ever in my calendar as the memorable day on which tbe judgmt descended on me. Towards three o'clook in tbe afternoon— in the broad sunlight, binder tbe cloudless sky. frith hundreds ofinpoeent buif3 ferbaturfes aU nrdnnd me— E Hester Detbridg - saw, for the first time, the Appearanoe which w appointed to haunt me for the reetM jny bfo i " I had bad p, terrible night. My mind ft1 much as it had felt on the evening when I ba« gone to the play. I Went out to toe what tbe air and the suUshine and the cool grieu of and grass would do for me. The nearest place in which I could fiud what X wanted was the Regent's Bark. I went into one of the qutct walks in the middle of the park, where the horse and carriages are not allowed to ge, and where old people can sun themselves,- and children play without danger. "I tot medown tb children nearme wMabeaut|f|Iittl dng with a bran new toy arhowe imdiweggu®' ; While % was watohiug Mm busily the blades of grass and loading them, X felt, for the first time .jjiM I, paro, #®. and often felt sinoe— a creeping cluU oome wov «flar me. which would steal out and show \- - "J- — a big , tree hard by, T looked dl'tbe tree, and waited to seethesotUething Appear ftoui « The ThWgetote out, dark and shadbWy in feasant Bunlight. At first I saw only the dim the P h woinan. After a little, it began to get er brightening from within outwards — pl-Ihteniog, brightening, brightening, till it set f re me the vision of my own self— repeated f 1 was standing before a glass : the double of elf looking at me with my own eyes. I saw ' 0V6r tno griioo. x eaw iu euup ueiiiau me f "utifol little boy. I saw it stand aud listen, I had stood and listened at the dawn of 88 rning» fr t16 chiming of the bell before the tack struck the hour. When it heard the stroke, ? nointed down to the boy, with my own hand. a a itteaid to me with my own voice, Kill him.' " . tiuie passed. I don't know whether it M a minute or an hour. The heavens and the Irtb disappeared from before me. I saw nothing S-the double of myself, with the pointing hand. ? felt nothing but the longing to kill the boy. «Then, as it seemed, the heavens and the garth rushed back upon me. I saw the people Bear staring in surprise at me, and wondering if T was in my right mind. K j got, by main force, to my feet ; I looked, v® main force, away from the beautiful boy ; I escaped by main force, frem the sight of the Thing, back into the streets. I can only describe g,e overpowering strength of the temptation that tried me in one way. It was like tearjng the life <mt of me, to tear myself from killing the tpy. And what it was on this occasion, it has been ever since. No remedy against it, but in that torturing effort — and no quenching the after-agony but by solitude ami prayer. — From CasseU's Magazine. Melbourne agent, Geo. Ro bertson. (to be continued.) 