PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednessdat, March 23. Mr. C. STEPHEN asked the Secretary for Lands— 1\. Whether he is aware that the road between Ashfield and Canterbury, heretofore used by the public on sufferance through private property, is no longer avail able? 2. And that the road between those T^ces, dedicated to the public by Miss Campbell, has never been fenced, made, or opened ? 3. And that the trus tees thereof cannot, therefore, expend in repairs the 1.30 given them hr the Government for that specihe nnmnv whilst tlmf sum i^ llttp.rlv infllieauatc to make or form such road? 4. Whether the Government intend to open, make, and fence such road, or to place in the hands of such trustees such additional sum as with the said L30 will be sufficient for the purpose ? Mr. FOKSTER replied—!. Tue Government have no intimation t» that effect. 2. It is not the practice of the Government to fence or formally open roads dedi oated to the public by owners of property. 3. He was not aware that any obstacle exUted to the expenditure of the L3f-, which was all that was considered neces sary. 4. The Government had no such intention at present. Mr. FORSTEK laid on the table a report of com missioners on a matter affecting the Gold-fields ;also, a return of leases of auriferous tracts. Mr. COWTEK laid on the table a despatch from the Secretary of State in reference to the discharge of soldiers in the colony. Mr. HILL, without notice, asked the Colonial Trea Burer if he bad any objection to lay on the table of the House a memorial addressed to the late Treasurer by Certain owners of orchards, vineyards, gardens, kc. ? Mr. SAMUEL said he would lay the memorial before i the Houte. PUBLIC ROADS BILL. Mr. FORSTER moved that the Public Roads Bill be read a third time. Mr. WILSON moved, as an amendment, that the till ba recommitted, with a view to reconsider the 12th clause. He said he believed no measure was ever proposed in this House that was calculated to have such a bad effect on the settlement of the country as this 12th clause. It took away the right of the Govern ment to make roads where the right of roads had been reserved. In nearly all the grants to early colonists the right to take roads was reserved ; and there was granted an extension of area to compensate the grantees for the reservation of tbe right to make roads. It was now proposed to take from the Government tha right to make roads through the grants where it had been reserved. It was impossible in many cases to foresee where roads would bo required ; and the consequences 1 taking from the Government the right of making loads would be disastrous to the progress of settlement. Government had been prevented from making roads from the great expense involved in putting up fences. Supposing a road to be required for access to the land of two or three poor men, in a ease where the compen sation for opening a read would amount to some thousands— the Government -would never make roads unless they were compelled. And having in this colony twelve millions of acres alienated, and 197 millions to be alienated, every facility ought to be oflered for settlement. Xo doubt in some cases property was much injured by having roads made through it. There was the case of Mrs. Oakes, on one of the Northern rivers. That was the only case of real hardship lie remember' 1 to have met. No man liked a road to be made through his property. But individuals must make sacrifices for the benefit of the whole. No man liked to be tuken away from his business to serve on a jury. So with the .making of roads. The public will demand tho opening of roads for the settlement of the country. He believed the passing of this 12th clause would act us a positi.e veto on the opening of ro.vls that were required for the public good. He was gl»d to know th-it all who ha.l been connected with the department of roai'.s -except the Miniskr for Lands —took the same view as he (Mr. Wilson) did. He felt justified in making this objection now, as he had not the honour of a seat in the House while this bill was going through com mittee. Mr. FOKSTER would take the opinion of iJe House, by calling for a division on tho amendment. The hon. member (Mr. Wilson) was entitled to be beard with respect on such questions, as he had been Minister for Lands, and stood high as a public man. He was, how ever, mistaken in supposing that this question was not fairly discussed. Almost everything the lion, member had said had been said substantially by other hon. members in the various discussions that had taken place on this bilL The change involved in this bill was a change based upon a better principle— the principle of justice. There would not be such a groat difference as the hon. member supposed between the present and the proposed system. The 12th clause was not in favour of great landed pro prietors, but of a large number of small landed pro prietors. The most effectual way to encourage settlement wai to make landed property secure. The hon. membertalkedof theautliorityof the late Colonial Secretary (Mr. Robertson), and all the officials of the Lands office ; but this House was not goincr to be led away by an official view of the case. He (Sir. Forster) toot credit to himself for having kept himself above the official view of the question. It was far better that justice should be done ; and that in the bill was the only just and equitable principle ol opening roads. The 12th clause did not take away a;,y right from the Government, but gave the Government the right to make roads everywhere ; .it tile same time providing that wherever they interfered with private property they should observe the just principle of making com pensation. The House divided on the question thji. the words proposed to be omitted stand part of tbe question, with the following result : — Ayes, 30 ; noes, 7. The minority consisted of Messrs. Wilson, Hoskins, Buchanan, S. lirown, Garrett, Parkes, and Piddington. Mr. Wilson's amendment was, therefore, lost. The bill was then read a third .inic, passed, and transmitted by message to the Legislative Council. SUPPLY.— RAILWAY WORKING EXPENSES. Mr. SAMUEL move.! that the Speaker leave the chair, anil the House resolve itself into committee of supply. Sir J. MARTIN thereupon moved his contingent motion—' That it be an instruction to the committee, before voting any furthersums for the working expenses of tho railways, or for co aipleting tho relaying of the line from .Sydney to l'an-flniatta, to examine, at the bar of the House, Mr. Ashdown, the accountant to the railway department, in reference to the details of tile expenditure under the above heads since tho end of 1859, and in reference to the proposed votes for these purposes in the estimates au-l supplementary estimates under the consideration of the committee.' He said, by the supplementary estimates before the House it was proposed that a sum of L3500 should be voted for traffic expenses, work, .and wages, &c.; for 18liS. It appeared to him (Sir James Martin) very strange that there should now, in Match, 1870, be any money required for this purpose for 1R0S. He could not understand how, if the rote far 18GS was not suffi cient, the deficiency was not supplied in 18G9. Neither could he under': and how it was that now the Govern ment did not know the exact sum required. Then, in Vie supplementary estimates, it was proposed that they should vote L15,000 for working expenses for 18G9. He (Sir J. Mai tin) had information to the effect that although L154.OOO was voted for railway expenses in 1869, in point of fact there was expended in that year L183.815, that is L29.790 over the amount voted for the purpose. The Government now asked only Lln.OOO for this purpose, though they had expended L2'.',7'J0 more than the sum voted for 18C9. He could not understand how that was. The Government wished to make tho estimates as low as possible. But if the indebtedness of the country was L2!),790, the Government, instead of asking L15.000, ought to have asked for L'29,790. The Government had evidence before them that nearly L30,000 was required. Yet they asked only lulf what they required. The effect of that was either to postpone the payment of that L15,000. or to procure that excess of expenditure to be covered by excess in some other vote. Either of those courses was indefensible. The Government had no right to get a sum for one purpose, in excess of what they asked for that purpose, and to expend it in some other way. By these supple mentary estimates, it was proposed to get L35,OOO for re- laying the line from Sydney to l'arraniattn. In October hist, they were asked to vote for the samo service only L25,000. They had a right to know hoiv this increase of L10.000 had urii.cn. AH the facts ho (Sir J. Martin) had submitted to the House, except the expenditure of L183,815, appeared on the records of the House. Aud before they voted either the L3500 for 1868, or the L15.000 for 18l-!-, or the L3.'),000 for relaying the line to Parramatta, they ought to have an examination before a committee of the whole House, of the accountant whose duty it was to keep the accounts. He was quite willing to consent that the Engineer in Chief should also be examined. The House had neglected its duty in voting sums for working expenses without knowing the details. They disputed all night about taking some L10 off a salary of L150, and voted away L180,000 without baring the details of expenditure. And this year it was ]-ro]io«ed to expend L182,7;'-0 for the working expenses -that i«, a thousand pounds less tbau was actually cNpcmle,! in 18C'.'. Yet extensions ha-i already taken place, and more would take place during the year. The Government, mi order to make their estimates appear economical, were ask ing a thousand pounds less tliau was spent in 1 SO'.). They ought not to vote any of these sums before they examined the person who was able to give them the details of expenditure, He could not see ?why the Eugincrr-iu-Cuief should be examined. lie had nothing to do with the expenditure of money. The vrholeof this enormous annual expenditure oupbt l'Ot to be voted any more in the same manner in which it had been voted hitherto. Mr. SAMUEL said he was very much surprised at the course taken by the hon. member. 'When he saw this motion on the paper, and heard much talk out of doors about this gentleman being called to the bar of the House, he thought sonw serious charge was to be made. But he himself (Mr. Samuel) was perfectly able to explain all the hon. and learned member spoke of, and though he bad no objection to thiBi gentleman being examined, he thought the tendency of calling subordinates under the Government would, be to inaugurate insubordination throughout the public service. (Hear, hear.) Let them see how the case stood. First there was L3500 chargeable to the year 18C8. Hon. members would Bee in the supplementary estimates that there were charges for previous years paid in the year with whichthey were dealing. In 1869 they paid certain sums for 1868. Sir JAMES MARTIN: They are not paid. Mr. SAMUEL : This amount was chargeable on 1868, although paid in 1869. The Government of the hon. and learned member bad done this over and over again ; and every Government had done it. Certain claims were often made, which were chargeable on a previous year. Perhaps a contract, having been com pleted, was paid in the following year. The Govern ment came down to the House : they could not use the appropriations of one year for the service of another year. They must get the sanction of Parliament for the year in which the expenses were incurred. He had, then, to show that there was a claim on the Government for L3500 during 18G8. There were certain claims sent in against the Government. A colli sion took place at the railway station in September, ISO'S. Claims were made in consequence, to cover which it was estimated that L3500 would be required. There was the action of Mr. Justice Cheeke. There was an estimate of L101.8G5 for 18C8 ; and an addi tional estimate of L40,000. This was found insufficient, and L3500 more was on the present estimate, making in ail L145,365. The aotual expenditure wu L143.137 16s Id. This sum of L3500 was placed on the esti mates, in consequence of a minute of Mr. Ashdown. (He read this minute of Mr. Ashdown, asking for L3500.) Though a round sum was taken, it did net follow that the whole amount would be expended. If it were so, there would be no savings heard of. The Government took the authority of Parliament to spend the round sum which Mr. Ash down estimated as likely to be required. If it was not expended, the Government would come down and show the saving effected. Here was the minute of the gentleman who caused all this hubbub. Sir JAMES MARTIN: Mr. Ashdown had nothing to do with this hubbub. Mr. SAMUEL Baid his hon. and learned friend would have some difficulty in convincing the House that it was so. The minute of Mr. Ashdown mentioned a sum of L1000 for James Evans's claim, and the costs made it up to £1176. Sir J. MARTIN : That is paid. Mr. SAMUEL: It did not matter whether it was paid or not ; it was on the vote for the year. Sir J. MARTIN : It matters a great deal. Mr. SAMUEL : Then there was tho claim of Mr. Tiding £200, and that of Mr. John Davies, for injury to his wife and children, L250. Sir JAJIES MARTIN : We are asked to vote L:i500, and they were told not a grilling of this money was paid. Mr. SAMUEL: That was at the date of the preparation of the estimates. They were now all paid but Mr. Justice Chceke's. But did it make the slightest difference in tbe world, whether they were paid or not ? The House would have to vote the amount, whether the claims were paid or not paid. This payment did not require to be sanctioned by Parliament; though Government was com pelled, at times, to ask Parliamentary sanction, as though the money had not been spent, although it had been spent. Then there was tbe claims of the Rev. T. Beecher, L80 5s ; that of Mr. W. Simpson. Llii3 3s ; Dr. Co\'s fee, L'2 2s ; other expenses, L4 4s, and Lli 14s 7d, making LI 721 Os Cd, leaving L50B 3s 5d to the credit of this vote to meet the claim of Mr. Justice Cheeke. Tho lion, and learned member know that if tho amount was insufficient for any particular pur pose, it was necessary to come to ask Parliament for an additional amount. At tbe request of Mr. Ashdown they put down this L3500. Mr. PIDDINGTON : Not for wages and stores? Mr. SAMUEL : WelL it was an error in the word ing. Mr. PIDDINGTON: It looks very much like deception. Mr. SAMUEL : The hon. momher judges other pooplo by himself. There was nothing in his (Sir. Samuel's) statement to warrant such an assumption. The wording is in accordance with that of the estimates in chief, in tbe customary words. Sir J. MARTIN : No ! No ! Tho case of Mrs. Want. Mr. SAMUEL : That was a different case. It was an appeal to this House. Would not these charges for damages sustained be fairly chargeable against tho Government? Tho hon. and learned gentleman's Government did the same in the case of the accident atNewtown. (No.) Did the hon. and learned member mean that the money voted on the estimates had not been applied to the purposes to which he (Mr. Samuel) said it had been ? Sir JAJIES MARTIN : No. I have no doubt the money was paid. Mr. SAMUEL : Then what, in the name of goodness, was the hon. member complaining of '! It was the hon. and learned member's Government that spent the money, and now the hon. and learned member charged himself with a misappropriation of the public money. (No!) Then what did the charge come to ? The hon. and learned member was then in office, and they were now to have an officer to the bar of the House, to prove that the hon. and learned member's Government mis appropriated public money. The Government expended this money, and left a deficiency on this vote of L10,000. So much for the L3500. He (Mr. Samuel) was somewhat surprised at the assumption of the hon. member, who said that in October last they had L25,000 on the supplementary estimates — now only Llu.OOiX Sir J. MARTIN : That is not what I said. I said the working expenses of last year were L183,815, and the vote was L154.025; leaving a deficiency of L29.790. Yet now the Government asks for L15.000 — that is, about L15.000 less than the ileficiency. Mr. SAMUEL : There was L10.000 on the estimates which was transferred to the capital account. He appealed to the hon. member for Mudgee (Mr. M. H. Stephen) if he had not pointed this out the other even ing. They did not want tbe accountant to come to the bar of the House to account for that. There was L25.O0O in October chargeable to revenue. Sir J. MARTIN : To be raised by loan^L25,000 for re-laying the line from Sydney to Parramatta. Mr. SAMUEL : There was L25.000 chargeable to the loan account in October, and now L:i5,U00 ; that is, L10.000 more is charged to loan. The hon. and learned member was mistaken ; and this was not the first time lio was wrong. In October the L'25,000 was chargeable to loan, aud L10, 000 to the revenue. Surely that was clear enough. The amount was precisely the same in the aggregate. Were they to have this gentleman to the bar of the House to prove these two important facts V He (Mr. Samuel' was quite content to leave the matter with hon. members. He was Bure they would consider his explanation satisfactory. The lion, and learned member was apt to be misled. He (Sir J. Martin) listened to tittle-tattlers, and thus was misled. If he brought his large intellect to bear upon these matters be would see the mistakes into which he had been led. However contemptible the proceeding might appear to him, he would nevertheless not oppose the motion. But ho wonld insist upon the proceedings commencing to-night, as he looked upon the motion as simply one for delay. In reply to Sir J. Martin, Mr. Samuel added, that tho L35O0 should have been included in tbe estimates of 1869, and a memorandum to that effect had been presented to him shortly before they had bren framed. Looking at the motion— which be would not object to— he suggested that Mr. Whitton should be examined also. He hoped it would be proceeded with to-night. Mr. PIDDINGTON said tbe Treasurer seemed to think he was very hardly used, but be was tbe last gentleman in the world who should complain, especially as he had been very hard upon a former Trensui er ill relation to the expenditure of public money. Taking the Colonial Treasurer's statement into account, he (Mr. Piddington) maintained that tuc estimates were not in accordance with truth. If the money (LftiOO) had been paid, he thought it must have been paid since the 9th February. If paid before that date there should have been some explanation on the CB'.iiiute. lie did not believe that Mr. Ashdown was open to the charge of tittle-tattling. Mr. GARRETf said some confusion had arisen in consequence of a difference in the explanations of the item as afforded by the estimates. They had formerly been entered on the estimates as 'Working expenses, further sum.' Tho present estimate gave further infor mation. He 'condemned the intcu uptions of SirJ. Martin. The hon. and learned member knew he could not speak again to the motion, and had been speaking ever *iuce he sat down. With respect to the practice of calling inferior officers before this House to contradict, or to throw doubt upon the statements of the responsible officer, he thought that it would he beneath the dignity of the House to submit to it. Ministers were placed in their positions by Parliament, to give hon uu.mbi.rs information ; aud if they did not perform that duty, they should displace tbe Mini-:crs. They had no right to allow inferior officers to undermine them. (An hou. member : The Treasurer has consented.) Ho did not care what had been done by the Treasurer, but he would raise his voice against the practice. If it was persisted in, why not call in another inferior officer to undermine Mr. Ahhduwn? Aud where would this end? lie should vote against the motion. Mr. C'OWPER suggested that the proceedings of this evening lmd been irregular. The House bad been discussing all this lime an item ofj.L3'-00. This item had pesn postponed, and the House could not possibly get at it to-night He admitted the right of boh members to the fullest information on any subject It was desirable they should use the utmost vigilinoe in super TisinW the expenditure, and undoubtedly they would be assisting the Government at the same time. It was not right, however, for hon. members using informa tion 'that had been extracted from a subordinate in committee, and importing itinto this House, probably in an 'incorrect shape, with the simple _ object of, he would not say obstructing, but damaging the Government. And supposing there had been some little irregularity in regard to the payment of expenses for construction of railways, which he beld was not properly a function of the Government at all, this was not the place where the matter could be pro perly discussed. It should be discussed in committee, and not by the full House. He thought hon. members would agree with him that it was not advisable that slanders should be whispered and brought out of a committee-room to be used in the House. It was nothing but wasting the time of the House. He moved that the instruction should be amended by inserting the name of Mr. Whitton. Sir J. MAKTIN said it was an error to suppose that he had imparted anything from the committee or Mr. Ashdown. He had been informed that L183.306 had been spent as working expenses of the railways in 180'9, while the sum of L154.016 only had been vottd. This was a fact, not a Blander. He did not mean to Bay this involved any charge of tho misappropriation of public money, but it involved this — an understanding of the indebtedness of the country. If L29.790 had been asked for, the matter would have been plain and simple. He did not approve of manipulating the accounts in order to obtain a sum of money for re- laying the Parramatta railway, when it was intended not M apply it to that purpose. Mr. SiMUBL said he had stated that Llfl.OOO, for re-laying the Parramatta line, was properly chargeable to loan account, but it had been charged to the working expenses. As for the L29,000 in excess of the rote asked for, there was L15.000 on the supplementary estimates, and L10.000 transferred to the loan account, because it had always been the practice to do so, and the Government were not now departing from that practice. This made up L25.000. Then there was L2G08 paid in 1869, which the Auditor General asked them to place to the account of 1868\. This made L27,608 out of the L29,000. This estimate was prepared in accordance with that of 1868, submitted to Parliament by the hon. member's own Government. Mr. FARNELL said he was satisfied of one thing— that this matter required some further examination. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member (Mr. Samuel) had given no explanation at all. He (Mr. Farnell) rose with a view of moving an additional amendment— that the evidence be taken down by the Parliamentary short-hand writer. There would be no use in taking evidence unless it were recorded. Mr. KING said if the sum of L3500 had been put down for 'incidental expenses,' there would have been no question about it. If the L183.815 expended in 1869 included the LIO.OOO expended in re-laying the permanent way, as had been stated— (no, no ; yes, yes)— the Treasurer was perfectly right in repaying himself out of the loan, because he had created a per manent work. The L29.000 was thus accounted for : £10,000 carried to the loan account, L15.000 on tbe estimates ; aud he supposed a further supplementary estimate of L4000 would be submitted at some future period. (Hear, and a laugh. Mr. Piddington: ' You're easily satisfied.') The motion was amended by the insertion of the name of Mr. Whitton, and the addition of the amendment of Mr. Farnell as to the short-hand writer, and was then carried, on division, the votes being —ayes 22. noes ; 10 the members of the Government I voting with the ay«s. I The House then went into committee of supply. The Chairman thereupon read the instructions ? conveyed in the resolution as amended and passed. | The items of L70, for the purchase of land granted | to Bernard Rooney, at the Rock}' River geld-fields ; : refunds to Mr. T. Preston of L7 4s., and to the trustees of Grenfell School of Arts of L4 10s., were severally passed. L150, fees and expenses of Mr. James Hoskins, as the Crown's arbitrator in the case of Cummings v. tbe Crown, was proposed. Sir J. MARTIN opposed the item. He related the facts out of which the arbitration arose. A motion was made in the House that the Government should refer this claim to arbitration. A debate took place, and the motion was rejected. In another session a similar motion was made and rejected. The House, therefore, twice refused to entertain this stale claim of eleven years' standing. (Mr. Cummings : No.) Well, it was very advisable that the hon. member should not take part in this discus sion, cither by speaking or voting. Mr. CUMMINGS: I shall not vote, but I will speak. Sir J. MARTIN restated the case, and said that the Government was answerable for the discussion that arose, as they brought down debateablc items. He submitted to the committee that, in the face of two adverse decisions of tho House, the late Government were not justified in referring the case to arbitration. Mr. FOKSTER agreed with Sir 3. Martin that it was hardly the time to consider the merits of the question, and as to submission of the case to arbitration, pointed out that the Government could not strictly be charged with having acted in defiance of the House, for when the question was lastsubmitted the House was so indifferent to it that a quorum could not be found ; and surely when the temper of the House was so uncertain, no blame could bo attached to the Government in submit ting the claim for settlement by arbitration. He could not see, however, why, except the hon. gentleman named on the estimates had done something wrong, he should be deprived of the sum set down as an emolu ment for the performance of that duty. But, he (Mr. Forster) had come to an opinion — in fact, he had long entertained the opinion adverse to the appointment of any member of this Houac to the performance of any duty of the kind, and he bad made up his mind not to be guilty of it again. He admitted it was a wrongful act, asd contrary to the clauses of the Constitution Act with respect to members accepting offices of emolument. But the appointment was made inadver tently, and certainly was not opposed to the practice of preceding Governments, on the principle affirmed by tbe Assembly itBclf, and in accordance with tbe practice of the Government. Sir J. Martin, he understood, had been appointed to act in a case as arbitrator since the appointment of Mr. Hoskins, and had thought it consistent with his duty to accept the appointment. Under these circumstances he saw no reason why Mr. Hoskins should not be paid. That gen tleman bad not profited to n large extent by the sum allowed, and he ( fix. Forster) contended that he had performed his duty in a highly satisfactory manner. Mr. ROBERTSON entirely disputed the assumption of Mr. Forster, that because a man was a member of this House he was not to be employed as an arbitrator. (Sir J. Maetik : That's not the question.) The hon. member was not all the world, nor all the country ; he would deal with the Minister for Lands first. There were no men more suitable for fulfilling such an office, and bringing about such results than members of this House, and none more fit than Mr. Hoskins. What, then, about this trash as to tbe unconstitutionally of appointing hon. members of this House. (Sir J. Martin : I made no remark on that subject.) The hon. member was so great an egotist that he could not imagine a word should drop in this House except iu reply to him. But he (Mr. Robertson) happened to be dealing with a greater man. The Minister for Lands was entirely wrong, and it only showed perhaps the peculiarity of his character, that he should think otherwise. He would now deal with the other man No. 2. The hon. and learned gentleman's Government had conceded the right of action on the part of Mr. Cummings. He had not said a word about that. Mr. Cuinmings, after this petition had been given, feed his lawyers, and had gone to great expense when the same Government pleaded the Statute of Limitations. Regarding t1 isas a complete sham, and finding that, on a view of the whole circumstances, the whole thing had become changed, lie thought that the Government was jubtified in referring the case to arbritation. He went fully into the circumstances as a complete justifi cation of the course. Sir J. MARTIN said tbe^hon. member reminded him of a certain fish that raised such a muddle in the water that it obscured everything around it. He held out a will-o'-the-wisp aiTangement, calculated to lead the committee into a swamp ; but he hoped the committee would not be misled in such a manner. With respect to his acting as an arbitrator, the circumstances were these : The matter in which he was concerned was i i connection with the valuable land resumed for the new post-office, which was held under a grant reserving the power, when the resumption was determined upon, of settling any claim in reference thereto by arbitration. He (Sir James Martin) was the arbitrator for the Crown, and the Attorney-General was arbitrator against tbe Crown. (Laughter. ) But all these matters were irrelevant. The hon. member (Mr. Robertson) said the late Government sanctioned the bringing of an action in this case. They did nothing of the kind. By law any one may petition the Governor for right to bring an action, and the Governor is bound to write on the petition, 'Let right be done.' The Government had no power to withhold this sanction. Then be (Mr. Robertson) said he (Sir James Martin) gave instuctions tu plead tho Statute of Limitations. That -vas not the case. The Crown solicitor and the Solicitor-General thought it was not right to interfere with the operation of the Statute of Limitations. But the action was brought again ; and under the hon. member's (Mr. Robertson's) administration the Statute of Limitations was pleaded again. Why was that ? Mr. ROBERTSON : I was not a Crown law officer ; you were. Sir J. MARTIN : The hon. member was at the head of the department (No.) The action was abandoned. Mr. CUMMINGS : Tou (Sir J. Martin) wrote me a note that the Government had no objection to be sued. Sir. J. MABTIN: There wn no doubt about it, that the lion, member might »ue the Government ; but : wheh it came to the Crown solicitor's Office, the quettion was how itr should te treaUd.- Bat the only e-ueriion was, whether, after two decisions of the House to' the contrary, the Government were justified in sending this case to arbitration. Mr. ROBERTSON said there was a provision in the gold-fields law, that such questions should go to arbitration. Had the hon. and learned member, or any of his supporters, denied that Mr. Cummings applied to the Government, and was told— through an inad vertency- that he bad no rights under the law? Had he denied that the Government allowed Mr. Cummings to sue, and that only when Mr. Cumwings had voted against the late Government they pleaded the Statute of Limitations ? Could anything be more dishonourable in a Government ? Sir JAMES MARTIN: Bosh] Mr. ROBERTSON: That was nothing to a man who thought little of taking charge of a man's business and not appearing in the eourt. Sir JAMES MARTIN: Windbag! Mr. ROBERTSON : The hon. and learned member was drifting now into these abusive epithets. What had become of the hon. member's talk of dealing with this case calmly and impartially ? Mr. WILSON said this run never was taken away from Mr. Cummings. It was no run, iu the ordinary acceptance of the term. It was held only from year to year. The Act was never intended to apply to such casej. Mr. Williams,! Crown solicitor, told Mr. Cum mings that he would plead the Statute of Limitations. Mr. ROBERTSON replied to the hon. member on the question of the land laws. Tbe hon. member said the land being held only by yearly lease, the law did not apply. The hon. and learned member (Sir James Martin) made no such absurd allegation. (Hear, hear.) The whole thing exhibited a most discreditable partisanship. But the only question was, had Mr. Hoskins been employed, and had he done the work ? Mr. WILSON repeated that the Act of 1851 did not apply to annual leases of land within the settled districts. Mr. PARKES said the hon. member for West Sydney (Mr. Robertson) had lent all his assistance to those who were said to desire to obstruct the. passing of the estimates. What on earth had all the matters introduced by the hon. member to do with the question before the House ? There was no shadow of foundation for the assertion that the action of the late Government was at all influenced by any vote of Mr. Cummings. The late Government never expected any roteof Mr. Cuinmings's. The only matter before them was weather the |-re sent Government had done that against which the House bad twice recorded its decision. When the whole matter was fresh to the mind of Parliament, the House decided by a majority of 19 against 13 not to refer the matter to arbitration. Twelve months after wards the question was again discussed and negatived. Mr. ROBERTSON: After that the facts came oat. Mr. PARKES : Three years after, in 1S09, iu a thin House, when it was believed that Mr. Cummings's friends had mustered strong/the other members, to prevent a decision by a packed House, counted the House out. It was striking at the very pride of Par liament, that after they had twice decided against a certain course, that course should be taken by the Government. Any of the leading politicians of other days— Mr. James Macarthur, Mr. Donaldson, and Sir. Cowper, in his better days-wtinlil indignantly denounce a course of this kind. (Hear.) What became of all the necessity of coming before the House to vote supplies, if after a decision of this kind a course was to be taken directly at variance with that decision ? Hon. members could have only one consistent course, and that was to vote against this item. -Hcar.) Mr. PIDDINGTON reviewed Mr. Robertson's attempt to deal damnation round the chamber, and, notwithstanding, ventured to state that he had acted at Mr. Cummings's request as a member of both select committees appointed to consider the claim of that gentleman. He (Mr. Piddington), therefore, went at length into the circumstances, and maintained that the right of any person to receive compensation was limited to persons holding pastoral licenses from the Crown, but not to yearly tenants in settled districts. He quoted several points from the evidence of Mr. Maclean, to show that any injury sustained by Mr. Cummings by the opening of the gold-fields of Tam baroora had occurred previous to the passing of the Gold-fields Act of 1S52. Was it desirable, he urged, that the House should consider the revival of claims that bad lain dormant for eleven or twelve years ? In the course of his remarks he designated tho hon. member for West Sydney as an advocate of Mr. Cum mings. Mr. ROBERTSON rose to order. He took exception to being called an advocate. He was a member of this. House, and to call him an advocate was unparlia mentary. Mr. PIDDINGTON thought there was nothing wrong in calling the hon. member an advocate. Mr. ROBERTSON : '? It seems impertinent, and I shall not submit to it.' Mr. PIDDINGTON : ' I said the lion, member was an advocate, and he is an advocate.' The CHAIRMAN, on the point of order, said it was undesirable for any hon. member to call another hon. gentleman an advocate. It was undoubtedly calculated to be grating to the feelings of an hon. member, and such expressions were much better avoided. Mr. PIDDINGTON : ' I suppose I should be wrong in saying he was Mr. Cummings' opponent.' Mr. ROBERTSON : ' Quite so. I am here as a member of Parliament.' Mr. PIDDINGTON resumed : At least he might say the hon. gentleman was a strong supporter of Mr. Cummings's claim. Referring at length to the salient features of the case, he regarded the ingenuous con fession of the Minister for Lands as very creditable to that hon. gentleman, to make the admission that, he had done wrong. But he had expected that Mr. Forster would have carried his penitence a little further, and either offered to pay the money out of hie own pocket, or his ehare of the L150. He should vote against the item. He thought that Mr. Cuinmings had not made out his claim, and that Mr. Rankin should have had no further compensation than the remission of rent. He did not object to Mr. Hoskins having been appointed, for he understood that the umpire decided against Mr. Cum mings without knowing anything about the matter. (Mr. Hoskins: He heard all the evidence.) He had certainly heard so, and he thought Mr. Hoskins deserved more than L1O0 on that account. Mr. ROBERTSON replied to some observations on the law of the case as quoted by Mr. Piddin,jton. Mr. FORSTER called the attention of the House to the real question before it, and took occasion to show that much that had been irrelevant had been intro duced even on the other side of the House, and expressed himself somewhat astonished that Sir James Martin, whose claims to a Parliamentary position certainly were assumed to stand higher than many members, should have replied to some of the remarks that had been made by using the terms ' bosh' and ' windbag.' He then proceeded at some length to give a further elucidation of the principal features of the case, contrasted the treatment the claim of Mr. Cuinmings, an opponent of the Government, had received with that which had been experienced by another gentleman, a consistent supporter of that Government, who had been allowed to prosecute his claim without the Statute of Limitations being pleaded. If hon. numbers believed Mr. Hoskins did liisj work well and honestly, they were bound to vote this money. Mr. WEAVER thought tbe time of tho House was most uselessly wasted in debating this question as had been done. The only question was, bad this gentleman done his work properly ? That was admitted. All the rest of the debate was irrelevant. (Hear, hear.) He could have understood a straightforward vote of censure on the Government for their conduct in this matter ; but he could nut understand the course pursued by hon. members. Mr. FITZPATRICK said they had wasted three hours in discussing a matter not before them. He declined, at present, to express any opinion on Mr. Cummings's cose. The only questions now before them were,— Was the appointment of arbitrator a proper one ? Was the work properly done ? Was the charge excessive? As to the first question, he thought members of the House should not be employed by the Government in any such way. He (Mr. Fitzpatrick) had been directed by the Government to watch this case, and must say that no duty could be performed in a more full and satisfactory manner than Mr. Hoskins had performed this work. (Hear, hear.) Then large expense was involved in the work necessarily. £1SO was not too much to pay him for the work and his expenses. Mr. BUCHANAN was amused at the hon. member objecting to the Government emi Ioying members of Parliament, while he liimself was receiving his pension, and had never been in any service but that of the Government, and brought into the House nothing but the dust of office to throw in their eyes. The question before them had nothing to do with Mr. Cummings's claim ; it was only whether the House wonld allow its decisions to be set at naught. It was a grave constitutional question. Was this House to be considered a cypher ? If not, let them uphold their dignity. The Government had inflicted a severe insult on tbe Parliament of this country. Let them skoiv the Government by this vote that they would not let their dignity bs trampled on. Mr. DRIVER said if Mr. Cummings's case bad nothing to do with this vote, how could the dignity of the House be affected ? He objected to members of Parliament being employed by tbe Government in any capacity whatever. (Hear, hear.) The question was, should this money be voted ? It had been paid, and no saving could be effected by omitting the item. If a saving could be effected, he would vote against tbe item. But no good could arise from refusing to vote it. Hr. LLOYD thought the members of this House were the most competent men to be employed in busi ness; of this land. He thought, as long as the powers that be were right, be ought to support them. Btit im this case he thought the Government were wrong, in acting contrary to two decisions of Parliament ; and therefore he must vote against them. lit. GARRETT said the same Parliament which twice voted against the arbitration, afterwards endea voured to reverse those decisions. There were more meinbers in favour of arbitration than ever voted against it There were fourteen for adjournment, and nineteen for a decision that night. Every one of those nineteen was in favour of the claim of Sir. Cummings. The House, by 24 to 4, resolved that all Acts of Parlia ment should be punctuated. The Government had never acted on that decision. The hon. member for Kiama (Mr. Parkes) was now calling from tbe grave the ghosts of his departed enemies to support the views he now entertained. As for the hon. members (Mr. Wilson and Mr. Piddington), they were both members of the conurittee, which reported unanimously in favour of Sir. Cummings's claim. The hon. and learned gentleman (Sir J. Martin) bad taken a ciurse — by pleading the Statute of Limitations — which would have branded a private citizen with dishonour. Sir. WILSON, in answer to Mr. Garrett, said that the report of the committee on Mr. Cummings's claim was unanimously agreed to, and sought to create the impression that he (Sir. Wilson) and his hon. friend (Mr. Piddington) concurred in that report. Now, there were but five members present — Messrs, Cunneen, Egan, Foilonge, Sutherland, and Buulekin ; bo that they (Sir. Wilson and Sir. Fiddington) were not present. As for Sir James Martin being arbitrator, he asked why was not the Attorney-General made arbi trator for the Government ? Simply because he was retained on the other side. Mr. ROBERTSON (amid cries of 'Question') said no doubt the Goverainentappointed Sir J. Martin arbi trator because he was the best man they could get. In answer to Sir. Parkes, he said all the present Govern ment did was to refer the case to on honest tribunal. The two decisions against the claim were come to in consequence of a misconception of facts. Mr. HOSKINS explained that he had merely voted | against the adjournment, in 1869, in order to keep a I House together. He had never voted to refer the case I to arbitration. He knew nothing about the case, and ! stopped at an inn on the way to Mount Victoria, when . on the' way to Bathurst, to read the papers, so as to ascertain the character of the claim. i The question was put, and the vote was carried, on division, by a majority of 21 to 16. : On the vote of L200, to make up restoration of salary of undersecretary for lands to former rate of L800 per annum, for 1869, 1 Sir JAMES MARTIN required an explanation. j Mr. SUTHERLAND explained, that through some I defalcation in the accounts, but not on bis part, Sir. Rae's salary had been reduced. He had been sufficiently punished for any neglect he might have committed ; and if he was worthy of holding his position he was entitled to the salary. His (Sir. Sutherland's) prede | cessor was of the same opinion as the present Govern ment in this respect, and hence the sum bad been ' placed on the estimates accordingly. A rule had been adopted to abandon all increases in the department ; I but it had been decided that all claims should be treated equitably. I Mr. HOSKINS hoped hou. members would give : their votes independent of any extraneous applications i that bad been made to them on behalf of the gentleman holding the office. He reviewed the circumstances connected -with tbe defalcations referred to, and asserted that the Government bad been advised by the inspector . of police at Newcastle that Eastwood was in that town, and had taken a passage to California, but no steps i were taktn for his appiehension. ? Sir. SUTHERLAND pointed out that Sir. Rae was : in x. sister colony at the time. (Hear, hear.) Sir. 11OSKINS contended that the official head of the department fdiould have been able to have devised suiue plan for checking peculation ; and he had been treated very mercifully by the late Government by . being retained nt a reduced snlary. I Mr. RYAN supported the vote. He considered it j was justly due to the officer iu question. | Sir J. SIARTIN read the minute of the Executive [ Council in regard to the reduction of the salary, and I the transference of the powers of commissioner for | railways to the responsible officer. I Sir. SAMUEL contended that if this officer had done ; anything wrong he r.hould not have been reinstated I at n reduced salary; lie should have been dismissed. ! But he was retained in full responsibility and punished ! by a reduction of salary. The reduced salary was below those of some of bis inferior officers. Sir. Rae held the office of commissioner for railways with no Balary whatever. If any one was responsible for allowing these defalcating, the minister at the head of the department was as responsible as Sir. Rae. The accountant was suspended ; but it was held that he was free from blame, lie (Mr. Samuel) stated at the time to the Government of that day, that they were doing wrong in reducing this salary — that if Sir. Roe was unfit for the office he ought to dismissed ; but the salary ought not to be reduced. The salary should be attached to the office of the under-secretary, not to Sir. Rae. 2s. r. CAJUPBELL paid he knew a little about busi I ness matters. This gentleman (Mr. Rae) was only I second to a Minister of the Crown. No doubt he was to some extent to blame. He was a man of high prin ciples and integrity. The matter was condoned by the House. He ought to be either condemned for remiss ness on the occasion referred to, or restored to his former standing. He (Mr. Campbell) hoped he would always be found voting according to his own conscien tious convictions. Mr. WEARNE would support this vote as long as the other under secretaries received L800. Mr. PARKES would not consider himself bound by what took place some years ago. If this officer was ; restored to a salary of L800 a year, the duties of i railway commissioner should also be restored to Mm. ; (Hear, hear.) The work of commissioner ought iiat to be performed by a responsible minister. Sir. HOSKINS defended himself from the remarks ; of the Colonial Treasurer. He (Sir. Hoskins) had : admitted his error when he found he had made a state i ment in ignorance of the fact that the commissioner j for railways was in Melbourne at the time Eastwood , left the cojonv. i Sir. FORSTER said Mr. Rae's name had been most improperly introduced in this debate. The remark of [ Mr. Wearne decided that question —all undersecre . taries should have the some salary. But Sir. Rae's : character had been attacked. The inquiry made by | Sir. Eagar and Mr. Wilson, who held opposite views on j the question, was full of the most contradictory ! evidence. It was not shown that Sir. Rae was more responsible than auy one else for Eastwood's escape. The decision was an absurd compromise. The charges made against Sir. Rae were not sustained. Mr. BUCHANAN said all the head clerks who went by the name of undersecretaries were much overpaid. Every attempt at retrenchment was defeated. Let them stick to this reduction, and make a similar reduction in the case of all similar offices. The governor of Darlinghurst gaol had a much more rssponiblc and onerous position than any under secretary. Sir. DRIVER defended the Colonial Treasurer against the charge of want of generosity. In one instance the Colonial Treasurer could not have been' charged with want of generosity. If the hon. member had not been employed in a certain office he would not have got L150. lie should vote against the increase. He believed, nevertheless, the gentleman whose case was now uuder consideration had been made the scape goat of another bon. gentleman holding a responsible office, and who ought to give an explanation. Sir. WILSON denied that he bud gone into the con sideration of the question us an advocate of Sir. Rae. He went into the investigation with a perfect desire to get at the truth ; and he now contended for various reasons that it was impossible for auy under secretary to be responsible for the accounts of his department, and that the defalcations arose from the shrewdness of Eastwood. Sir. WEAVER objected to the prolongation of such discussions. He bad told his constituents that he would go in for retrenchment, but not of tbe kind that ?was only adapted to gain popular applause. He thought an effective retrenchment might be mode by the amalgamation of offices, not by a pound here or a pound there. This gentleman was considered tit to fill the office by the Government, and he should be paid for it. Mr. CAMPBELL, amid loud cries of question, insisted on his right to speak. He represented an important constituency. Sir. RYAN : Why Morpetk is under water ; you've nobody there. Tbe item was then passed. Lli/0 was proposed for traffic auditor — increase of salaiy. Sir. WILSON appealed to the instruction given to the committee in the resolution of Sir J. Martin. The CHAIRMAN said this item was not at variance with that resolution. Sir. WEARNE objected to the increase. Mr. SUTHERLAND- said this officer was responsible for collecting all the railway revenue. He had been nine years in the service at L200 a year as clerk, and was now made a very responsible officer. L400 a year would not be too much. He read a letter from the Auditor-General, asking for stock and stores accounts, to unable him to test the accuracy of the balances. The item was passed. L100 was proposed for increase of Balary to locomotive foreman. Sir. PIDDINGTON asked a reason for the increase. Mr. SUTHERLAND said thia was not an increase of salaiy, but u restoration of the salary he had received from 1SC0 to 18US, when his salary was reduced from L40 C to L300. His duties weie now increased. He had control ot thirty engines. Sir. 11XRNES asked what change had been made in the department which induced the Government to raise this man's Balary. Mr. SUTHERLAND said he had been restored to the position he held for some years, up to 1868. He now again had charge of tbe running shed. Mr. RYAN was inclined to have this matter postponed, . Sir. BAWDEN thought it was a most improper course to introduce the name of the party holding the office. (Hear, hear.) If the man was guilty of mal practices, he should .-be dismissed from the public service. Sir. PIDDINGTON objected to the increase. Prom what they heard this man did not deserve it. Sir. SUTHERLAND said this man had not acted towards him as the hon. member (Sir. Byrnes) said he had done towards him. If he had, lie (Mr. Sutherland) would have made short work with him. He thought it only just, as his duties were increased, to restore hit full salary. Sir. FARNELL said, they had nothing to do with the misdeeds of Mr. Scott. V Sfr. DRIVER said, he beh'eved Sir. Scott was one of the very best officers in the department The charge made against him was almost laughed out of court, and ' he was fined two guineas. Mr. BYRNES said, there were hundreds of men in the colony superior to Scott. The motion for postponing the item was negatived. Sir. PIDDINGTON moved the omission of the item. The motion was negatived on division, there being— Ayes, 4 ; Noes, 25. Jlessrs. Driver, Piddington, Byrnes, and Webb, formed the minority against the item. The item was then passed. L75 was proposed for increase of salary to clerk, engineer's office. Sir. PIDDINGTON asked an explanation. Sir. SUTHERLAND said this officer had been nine years in this position at a salaiy of L175. He was a very efficient officer. The increase had been recom mended for several years. Mr. PARKES said this was a case of pure increase of salary by nearly half. Mr. DRIVER moved the omission of the item. The motion was negatived on division, the rotes being — ayes, 5 ; noes, 18. The item was passed. The House then resumed, and adjourned at twelve minutes past 2 a.m. until 3 o'clock this day (Thursday). THE HE4BT of Btbon*. — Few are probably aw. 13 of the*fate of the poet's heart. After his death at Misso longhi in 1822, his body was embalmed and sent to England, but the heart was begged and obtained bj tbe Greeks, who enclosed it in a silver case. Four years later, after the protracted siege of Missolonghi, a sallying party, carrying the relic with them, cut a way with great sacrifice of life through the Turkish lines ; but the heart was lose in crossing the marshes. 