T H E PBISONEFIS. CHRISTMAS, IS69. HAS not vengeance been sated at last ? With all the holy and beautiful chimes Ring out the old wrongs of -the past, • Ring in the new glories and times ? Will the eye of the pale prisoners rest Once again on their loyed mountain scenes When the.crimson of .East or of West ' Falls o'er them as mantles on Queens ? Will they muse once again by the sea, List the thunder of waves on the strand, As exultant, as fearless and free ' As the foam-flakes that dash on the land' Will they lift their wan faces to God In the radiant, bright, infinite air ? Press their lips to the old native sod" In a rapture of praise and of prayer? Ah ! the years of their young lives pass over Still wept out in dungeons alone, Where the lips of a wife, child, or mother Were never yet pressed to their own • ' Years of torture and sorrows and.trials' In the gloom of the desolate cell, ' > Where the wrath of the sevenfold vials Seem poured to turn earth to a hell; Where strong brains are seared into madness And burning hearts frozen to stone, ' And despair surges over life's gladness, ( And young life goes out -with a moan. Go, kneel as at graves, weeping woman When the last fatal sentence was said, All ties that are tender and human Were rent as from those that are dead. They were, young then, in youth's glorious fashion, With a pulse-throb of fire in each vein And the glow and the splendours of passion Flashing up from the heart to the brain Sharp as falchi OAs their, keen wprds reproving—.' Great words moved by no coward breath— And no crime on their souls save of loving Their Country with love strong as death Oh, their hearts, how they leaped to the surface Aa a sword from the.scabbard unsheathed, * hen- pale faces stern with a purpose Their brows with Fate's cypress enwreathei •rave, earnest, the judgment unheeding Or the wreck of their lives lying prone • rom those doomed lips the strong spirits* 1 pleading ° • Soared up from man's bar-to God's Throne. We taught men," they said, "from the Graven deep in our history and soil, rom the litanies poured through the ases Of sorrow, and torture, and toil; y the insults, the moclrings, the scornings J-he bondage on body and soul; ' y the ruin, the slaughters, the bumingB When death was the patriot's goal' ' y the falsehood enthroned in high places . By the feeble heart cowering within By the slave-brand read plain on their faces Though the ermine might cover the sin ' We were broken and sundered and shattered. Made thrall by the tyrant's strong arm To the wild waves and fierce winds were scat* tered As dead leaves swept on by the stonn. For each age gave a traitor or tyrant To build up the wrongs that we see But each age, too, gives heroes aspirant Of the iame or the death of the Free!" Oh, Chimes ringing out in our city, 1 ' Oh, Aiigels that walk jto and fro, . Oh, Christ-words of pardon and pity, Can ye speak .of these souls lying low In a eorrow no festal chime scatters, In a night where no Angel appears, ' The wasted limbs heavy with fetters, : , ! ' The weary heart-heavy with tears,; With the ghost of dead youth crushing on themi And the gloom of the years yet to 6e With a blackness of darkness upon them As of night, when it falls on the sea ? When the Christmas bells ring outsat even The ' song.of the Angels' bright spheres • " Their sad eyes will strain, up tg Heaven. ' Their bread will be bitter with tears , hrough our laughter will c6me that sad vision* "fi rvy-wreathed wine-cup's red Throu|i our wassail the. wail from their prisott Lamentation and mourning and woe ySped round like a garment. w™Mhes.forjoy as their cro£* meat > < • •. Cl0S S S f e e i. 8331 cerement : iJiey wait till God's moEninc comAi Hn™ . Yetnp echo from their l i p ^ S ^ , Of the solemn, sweet carol or song. But a cry as of souls 'neath th' e Altar, , How Umg! oh, our Lord God, libmdt^gi" SPERANZA (LADY WARNS).' THE TECHNOLOGICAL Con members of the commission g^T^f^fcf-- plwesrmmBiwitia viwdf ana' tne secref:h.mr w,„ • 