THE GHOST STORY OP PLINY THE YOUNGER. (From Once a Week } When was the first ghost story told ? At what period in the world's infancy did the minds of man first feel the dread delight, the awful attraction, which modern scepticism has deprived us all of, except children and village lasses ? We confess we cannot tell. And instead of collecting scattered fragments from antiquity, we subjoin a translation of a ghost story, perfect and complete, of the respectable age of eighteen centuries, which so terrified the calm philosopher Pliny, of Christian hating reputation, that he wrote to his friend Suraj the consul, to ask whether it could be true. So exactly does the story correspond in all the ghostly elements to authentic narra tives, which inundate the waste-paper baskets of magazine editors every Christmas, that we dannot think it the first attempt of the inven tion in this direction; Poets must have lived before Homer, and dealers in the supernatural must have traded oh man's love for the mar vellous long, before the time of Pliny's in formant. We meet with ghosts in the " Iliad," and iEschylus twice introduces them on the stage. Indeed, the belief in their ap pearance naturally arose from the idea that-, •until a mail was decently buried, old Charoti would nou convey his soul across the slimy Styx-, blit left it to squeak and gibber on this 'side of the stream. H-nce it was considered a greater crime at Athens to leave a parent unburied than to allow him to starve to death. And that beautiful play of Sophocles-, in which Antigone suffers death rather than leave her brother's corpse unburied, had a far greater charm in Pagau Athens than it can have in Christian England. But we are digressing. Here is the.promised story, from the twenty seventh epistle of the seventh book of Pliny, the younger There was, at Athens, a bouse, 'large and spacious, but with' a bad name. Ia the silence of the night there was wont to be heard in it the rattling of iron, and, if you listened more, attentively, the clash of chains, first at a dis tance, then hard-by. Presently there appeared a ghost—an old man, lean and squalid, with long beard and rough hair. He carried fet ters on his legs and gyves on his wrists, shaking them as be walked. Hence every night was spent in wakeful terror by the in habitants. bickness followed vigils, and death sickness. , For even during the day time, though the phantom had departed, the recollection of it clung to them, and the terror lasted longer than that which caused it. Ac cordingly the house was deserted, condemned to solitude, and cutirelj ^ivou up m *.Uo spectre. It was advertised, nevertheless, to be let or sold, in case anyone, not knowing the circumst_nces, should be willing to pur chase. Athenodorus, the philosopher, came to Athens, read the notice, asked the terms, and having his suspicions roused by the low price, ! made inquiries, and beard the whole story. So far from shrinking, he took the house all the more eagerly. When evening drew near, he orders his couch to be placed in the front room, calls for a writing-tablet, a style,* and a light, dis misses all his attendants, and devotes his at tention—eyes, head, and hands—to writing, lest his mind, being unemployed, should con jure up fancied sights and sounds. At first there was the silence of the night, deep as elsewhere; then tha clash of iron and the rattling of chains. He neither raised his eyes nor relaxed his style, but fixed his at tention upon his work. The clink grew louder, came nearer, and sounded, now at the door, now within the room. He looks up, see3 and recognises the spectre described. It stood up and beckoned with its hand, as if calling him. He made a sign with his finger for it to wait a little, and again settled down to his tablets and style. It rattled its chains at his head as he wrote. He looked up again, making the same sign as before, and without further delay took the candle and followed. It walked with slow step, as if weighted with chains. After turning into the courtyard of the house, it suddenly slipped into the earth and disappeared. He piled Jsorne weeds and leaves to mark the spot, and, the next dny^ going to the magis trates, advised them to order the place to be excavated. A skeleton was found, the flesh all wasted away by putrefaction, and the bare bones bound in fetters and chains. It was -taken up and publicly buried ; and after that the house was no more troubled. * A stylo was a substitute for a pen; it was used to write on a wooden tablet, covored with a thin coating of wax, and therefore only had one sharp point. In the lato election for a member to represent* the Upper Warrego in the Queensland Parlia ment there wero two candidates — Messrs. M'llwraith and Gregory. The voting waB taken at seven booths, and the result was M.'Ilwraith 27, Gregory 7, so that altogether only 34 persons exeroised the franchise. It appears that tiie Commercial Bank have found it necessary to make a call of £1 per share, being a total of £40,000 inorease of capital. 