PRESBYTERIAN COlUIROC , ST. KILDA. To celebrate the apniversary. of the aboge church a' tea meetin'g ias-'held on Tuesday evening last in the: cliutli; Alma-street, St Kilda, at which, codrsidering the untoward state;of the weathern'thiare was a very go'od attendance. The 'subit'nitiail part of the proceedings, which of course i?Jreceded the~ principal part of the e:efiig!s programme, having been got through withh.satisfactionto both partakers and attendants, a public meeting was held, over;which the minister of the chullrch,(the Rev..(C Ioir) presided. the 100th Psalm was.'?ung and' a prayer. offeded up, when the., Ohairman explained that it had. been thoght ,advisable to cel. - brate tle anniversary oft the cliurch by a tea meeting in order to lay blefore 'tle whole of them:the position and state .of the church and the progress made duriang.the past year and it. afforded .hi a a reat amount of plea. sure' i.n witnessingg, e'twithstanding .the melting, wieather, suclh i a large ., number of persons gathered together.;,, e, dclined occupying. their, attention; p?.ng,- as thtre were.,wumany . reports, to 'besiread 'and a number of ministers who lhad kidly.attended t'om.a (?istance hiad.to iaddress. tlihm durin dtieevening.. In .the abeence of ,Mr. James Wilson, He called on ,', SMr. .George Young to read ,the. report of ihe. session.. From it :was gtithered that during the past year. 13 had ceased to bi members of the church a'nd two had died namely, Mirs. P. Russell. and lMrs. Chisholm The church had thus lost'. 15 iembers, but during the year 18 had joined from other churches,. 9 that had left had returned, and 7 lad attended ffor the fi;st ,time-in all 84. thus showing a net increase ,on the.year of 19\. " The number on the Communion roll at the end of the year was 138, representing an average attendance. ofi 838. The sums received from the Co'm munion services was £8 12s. 6d., and the e penditure :amounted to £62s. .During the year the. Sabbatlh school had prospered exceedingly .under the able superintendence o'f the staff of teadhers. The number of baptisms were 21, prayer meetings 68,,and no less than 320 pastoral visits had been made. .The.Rev..,J. Al.Abei'nethy, of Sandridaf said it afforded him" consideleble plea sure in being present to hlar the very,?n couraging report, and it spoke well of Pres. byterianism when they sav such a large number present oa such a hot evening. But he cautioned them that :th'ey must ,not allow, themselves to grow-, letliarg;c with their stic. cess, as the,,true couirse and policy of the church. was ag''grossive. I' occurred to him that the general aibita of tihe members of the church was to thro the whole burden on to the ,soulders of the minister and a few of the more eneurgetic members. He did not object to 'the bulk of the spiritual duties being thrown on the minister, but it was the duty of every member- of the clhurclh to exercise himself in the quarter liee resided with a ,viev of strengtthening the church and fuithering thee cause of the Redeemer. The advice from them would have equal if not greater force than firam" thie min:ster of the church'. He ventured to assert if they all ekerted themselves they would have neot year a still more encoturaging report to pre sent than on the present occasion. Another thing hel wishecd to ,ef'er to6 in wihich th'. were particularly lax, and tlatjtwas in coni tributing to the .Home Mission., Ides'a from statistics compiled, by the Rev., D Miacdonald that among 40,000 Presbyterians they had collected but tihe small sim of £479, or about 21d. per head. If they wear serious in their Christian principles they should assist in contributing' towards that object. The Mission"was: crippled for the want of funds, and.it was to sucih wealthy churches as theirs that they looked for.sup, port. He concluded by ivishing tihei all prosperity.' .Thj'chloir then sang' the first chorlui o tte'Messiah in capital style, after which 'The Rev. D. Macdonald addressed the, meeting, and expressed his .utmost".pleas1ur in'being present to do so. One of the most pleasing things he had gathi red from the. reports. was that the subscriptions had iin creased on the average of £1 per week on the preceding year. This lie thought highlyI) satisfactory, as he looked upon them as tlh mainsprings of the church. He did not exi pect churches in their infancy, to do mi6ch outside their own sphere, but from an;old established church like theirs lie certainly thotught they should contriibute tdowards the FIome and Foreign Mission. He asked them to witness the great amount of good that wais being done by them. The'adviance ment of tha world arid their present state of enlighteriment was mainly brought abotut by their religion ; not by war,' science, or dipl0. macy, but by the branchino out of the churcli et Chrtist, The journey ot the Apostlo Piaul to Europe, with his 'oul-savinfg words, had had a much greater influence in turning tlhe do of the world t lan even the decisive battles Slnarathon or W aterloo. Religious move nts ierl.Vlways the greatest movements, ad yet that congieg?ation, one of the richest o lelebou?one, were doine literally nothinln onssist them in the work 'of spreadin~ the ,spel nnd in supporting the twelve mis nd.es ~in the New Ilebrides and the ,ision ship Dayspriing. 'I hose mlssionariles nre not the outcasts of tihe home church, at men of ability. md superior womth, who solated tlhemselves with their wives and lildren fir the clause of. God. .But th1ey are well seupported lhe vas rlal'd to stite, if at by the St. Kilda churcih."' Dii'ing the ear thi large suin of £800 h'itl ieen Col scted in bhe Sunday schools ::towaids the ,pPort ofrthe Mission, and £30900 had beeri uised tolards the constructionipf'.a vessel, nad i heha! l abundant c flidfid Ie th'ift :sil-f leient fhdds would be fortheohiirign to sup. ort it a ll. He thouight they should look Sit as a privilege to suppprt ,.suelk an ,aob c, and said for his pwn part he would eclino to take a farthing" from any one nn s on these conditions. 'fhat was the roper way for.Ci itiains to look at it. lie ship ill shortly be in the bay, which e hoped would be well patronized, and, he eminded those who intended to visit it that here wou,!d be a smniall conti'ibution' box to eceive al the surplus cash they felt inclined 0tletave behind them. : The Cihairmnan intformed the last speaker hat the Sunday school , proposed giving 0tO towards tie Home and Foreign Mis ions. 1lim. Turner read the annual statement of he church, from dhiich it appeared that the ,eceipts were made up as follows :-Balance n hand, £4 16s. 8d.; clhurch collections, 435 8s. ld.; pew rents, £347 7s. Gd.; nanse fund, £57 Os lid. ; .G.: Shiw, from ieview, £6 8s. 5d.; Bank of VictoriaI 89 Os.; balance, Gs. 6d.; total, £983 G6s. Sd. During the yenr they had riednced bheir overdraft, at tile .bankl fl'om £238. 3s. : O' " - "' Id. to £82 6s., a hbglily satisfadctory state f things. Thie iepott also publicly thanked' hin ladies for their exertions during' thIoe ,.'o' Rev. - Ballantyne addressed the' un?',on the .ecessity of their boin' teadiast 'in 'faitli and wary of the manny abtle delusions that we're being propagnated y men o'f vast research and learning. He astanced the dogma of Colenzo, the great nthemnatician, and the eloquent language fRenan:, but hlie felt sure that in years to onine by standing to their religion that vhile tlhe works of Christ and his teachers ,oul live and flouirish 'for ever, those of thers would be all lost and forgotten. Mr. W. ,I'Ewan read thle balance sheet fthe manse fund, and lprefaced it by re narking that the major part of thle credit or the eection of the manse was due to the adies for their exertions in its.behalf in so accessf'ullv carrying out the bazaar. The mount of' the work, including all extras, patlihouse, &e.;, is estimater at ?£2224 2s. 4d. towards which sumn there has been raised a subscriptions, £363 4s.; bazaar pro eeds, £657 i9s. 9d.; two lectires, £19 ?s. ?d.; Government Grant, £100, and raomises had been made to the extent of '545; fotal, £1688 1s. 4d., leaving: a' lia ility to be cleared off 'of £684' 10s. ' To ards this again they have ma balance in and of '£88 Os., and a. quantity of.unsoldh aiaar goods, which Mr. Gemmell will indly dlispose of by auction on Saturday vemng'next in thle St. Kilda Towh Hall, expected to realise £40, thlus reducing the iaility toabout '£550. The Revs. J. Robertson and D. Kiinnin iont ad?ressed the meeting in very eloquent earns, thie former taking for his theme 'tihe nticis iresorted to by the Roman Catholic torarchy at thi (Ecumenical Council at lome, and the latter on the value of the 'eekly tprayer meetings and the necessity fbr luinritua) exercise. fi rIh. Davidson read the report of the Sib bath School, which shtowed that tlheattend ance had increansed firom 110 at the begin ing ofrthe year to 129 at the close, but the mianagdi's did not look upon this as being.vsiy satisfac ory, as tley considered theire should he at least 200, and they 'uro'ed on the .gregation thie necessity of sendang theii :.efl. Th'ere were 18 teachers, and it asn exceedingly 'ratifying to witness the war attachiment between them and their cholar. The ireceipts for tlhe pastyear had nounted to £26 Ss. Id., against disburse ,euts to the extent of over £22, leaving neat little balance in hand for nekt year. esides this there lhad also been 'a good tun collected in aid of the missions. The 'port i'eflrred to the kindness of tIaster aimes Ue in officiating at the iharmonium, adt espcinally thanked Mr. Phillips for a onati'n, and Messrs. M'Ewan, Shaw, and lite Ifor their exertions connected wvith l o o rge Mackie next addessedpicnic Tlao ter. George RIaekio next a~ddressed the meeting', and Qommenced by congratu liting the minister and congregation on the spcess attending: them during the past ..ear. He rejoiced~ exceedingl' in coming after his young friend, who-had just read tile report on the Sabbath Schooll Hle had a large scihool of his .bWn witli bet een 300 and .400.:scholars, and said it vas A subject in which he took a ?reat interest, es it was on them they must look for thl'e foundation, and support of the clhurch ini thp future, when they had passed away. tie liad been asked to' give thedi a short adhdress on Spililtualisim at that liour of the nghlt, 10 minutes to 10. Call the spi'its from the vasty deep. Will they come ? He was afraid not, ,it was.l0oo late fdr.thdm.. All that was' true in it was as oild'i?'kiiown to the world since the days oe thelwitchl of Endor. What was ?iew in it was untrue. What .he . could see of spiritualism, it' ~as a compound:of knavery and folly, alth more of fthe foilmer, and" he was pre pai:ed to proclaim that opinpin' fi.omi ti'he housetop. Thati whdtevei' wd. accounted tob it coull, if thoroughli e:nquited' into. be done and far s.urpassed by' that wdnderfil somatic conjurer, Mr.' HIelle:, and his clever sister Hai'dee, whom no doubt mot;; of them had 'aen. (Applauise.) The fbllo4vers ofit were indeed a ra""ed refiment, peisons:whdo had no faith to lose, or wire atheistp wi hout any religion. It starts in direct o'd?position with the Bible, and tlhat was sufficient tblcondemn it in his eyes. Th'ey said ithere was no Jesus Christ, the Saviour of them all, but made a proclamatioh of tlhroe .grand non entities about. Fatlie', Son, and Holy Ghost. IHe could see nothin; in it. It wis like a ciicular storm or an eclipse, only came like many oither ephemeral things I:o na'is away, wvhlile the church of Christ, well-built on the rock of ages, will last to eteriity He had been referred by -.ome, who .?ere silly enouegh to be carried awriy by thA impdsi-' tions, to the vast numbert of believers, thirteen. or fourteen in million , in America. That assertion he could "6nly denounce as, a :leliberate fidlsehlood. In America there could not be' more thhn that mnnm ber' of adults alhcgether, .And 'Iyet they wanted to say the whole number had been. convyerted to the belief. There were a million -o'f Presbytei'ians, t,'to millions Iof Baptists :andthe same number of Wesleyans, anrid could they believe thali the whole of :these had apostatized ? Th'? idea was ab surd and ridiculous. It was but fbllowing the modes of the Church of Rom.,. who, in announcing the conversion of a ninrquis or some other person of note did so iA thIe hope of misleading silly ones, who all ultimately found they had fallen into a tr.p. Whatv was there in spiritualism which could give him the same hope and.the same encouragement as that'inspired Word of G0 d-the Bible.i? Wlhat was there that God.had ileft undone fbr their eternal welfare? !Notlhing; In short-, lie looked upon Spiriti,?n as a feverish thirist of. the S'oul which is nnever rested, a'nd will not be till it rests and contents itself fully on the old. and snacre Bible. (Ap plause.) The repprts were pi!t to tIthe meeting and adopted, as were votes of thanks to the choir, who.are especially des rving of men tion'foi' thei'r'admirable singongn ,under the able conductorship of iMr. Haeniierson, and t) the ladies who Ihad supplied a;ll the good things' of the evening' gratuitously. ; The proceedings were bro?gliht to a close by the siinging of the we-known hyinn, " Lord dismiss us with thy ,btessir?g.'' " A very sudden death occured 9n Tuesday ni'orning' :at the' Bull and Mouth Hotel, Bourkle street, when a young rnian rushed suddenrily into the. passage and fell down. He was picked up) and placed on a seat, and a cab sent for to remove him to the hospital, buit;when the waiter went to'ldok:for him he flUnd that he had gone away to the water closet. ' As he remained theie a considerable time a constable was sent for, anrid ie was foind to be dead. Flrom a letter found on his person it was :discovered thai he had a brother at::Hawthbrn, who was it once communicated with. The decehsed, whose name is Hlolmer, was a law clerli, and has been for some time suffering from liver com pilaint: The deceased was for 'some time a prominent member of the East' Melbourne' Cricket Club. ' 