:^Rj3ME. THE HALL OF THE COUNCIL. (.from the Latlwlic Opinion ) I must now give you some description of the Great Hall of the Council, which will'be the arena of the deliberations and discus sions, and finally the decisions which will hereafter bind the Catholic World— where that mighty word will be uttered in each judgment of the assembled Church, 'It seemeth good to the Holy Ghost and to us.' ' Lying to right of the High Altar in the ? vast area of the North Transmit. t,hp. FTji.11 is not seen on entering the Basilica, nor till you have arrived beneath the Dome and stand in front of the High Altar of the Con fession of S. Peter, with its hundred ever burning lamps. Thus, the general harmony of the architecture is unbroken by the tem porary structure. ' The entrance to the Council Hall is closed by vast gates, through which, when open,, will be seen the whole array of the assembled Fathers, with the throne of the Pope, not ' Primus inter Pares,' but ' facile Princeps,' for him who sits metaphorically and literally on the ' Seat of Peter.' ' Above the gates there is a striking re presentation of Christ' our Lord throned amidst clcuds, with the open Gospels in one hand, and with the other in the act of bene diction — and beneath' on the gates are written Christ's last words on earth : ' Ite, docete oinnes Gentes.' 'Go ye and teach all nations and behold I am with you all days even to the end of the world.' 'Facing the gates is the throne of ihe Supreme Pontiff, and on either side are Hie seats for the Cardinals and Patriarchs, and for the Archbishops and Bishops, who will sit in order of their consecration. All these seats are covered with rich tapestry— crimson green, and violet. Space has been found for about seven hundred Bishops— at present not more than three hundred are actually in Rome. Arrangements have been made, moreover, in the centre of the Hall for a. host of short-hand writers, and tribunes are erected over head on either side, and op posite the throne, to the right for Royal personages who may wish to be present, there also are places reserved for the diplo matic body, and in the tribunes lower down tor the Theologians of the Council, the Pro curators of absent Bishops, and for the ' Schola Cantorum' of the Pontifical choirs, for the High Mass, and other music which ?will be sung at the different functions. ' The hall of the Council is adorned in the most excellent manner with tapestry, carpeting, and paintings of appropriate sub jects. ' Above the Pontifical throne is a large picture of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, and on each side and in front of the tribunes near the_ entrance, other striking paintings, of the First Coun cil of Jerusalem, the Council of Nicoea, the Council of Ephesus, and the Council of Trent, xlt intervals there are other single figures, four especially of great size-and ex cellence, representing the four Doctors of the Church, S. Chrysostom, S. Jerome, S. Am brose, and S. Augustin. Above all, in medallions, are the heads of Popes who have presided at General Councils. ' Such is the general aspect of the Hall of the Council. We had no time to inspect the other arrangements, which I am told are most perfect, such as the sacristies and retiring rooms, arranged for the accom modation of the Bishops, for we were warned by the officials that all strangers must retire, and just then the cannon of S. Angelo an nounced that the Pope had left the Vatican and was on his way for the Grand Higli Mass at S. Peter's. . ? ? ' We had hardly taken up our places in the Nave, when the Procession entered, first the Cross, and around it the seven Pontifical Acolythes with their seven candles, symboli cal of the seven-fold gifts of the Holy Ghost, then the Choirs chanting the Processional Psalms, and, last of all; surrounded by three hundred Cardinals and Bishops— the Pope —aloft in his ' sedia gestatoria,' a gilded throne borne on men's shoulders and shadowed by a canopy of state, carried by persons of honour in his household or grandees of different countries. Knights of the Order of Malta, and Swiss Guard in the picturesque costume of the sixteenth century, the design of Michael Angelo, marched as a guard of honour, with swords drawn before and around the Pontiff. ' ' When the Pope had reached his throne, giving his benediction as he passed slowly ' through the crowd of 20,000 people, the Mass commenced, which I will not further describe. 'A cutting from the ' Times' correspon dence just arrived, is as life-like a picture of the Holy Father, from an eye-witness and an outsider as could well be given : — ' ' The old man has aged sadly in twelve years. His face was large,, and it is larger ; pale, and it is paler. But he walks steadily, and his eyes look determination. Twelve years ago I thought that by continual bless ing he had become benignant for ever ; but that is gone, and Pius IX., looks what he feels. No doubt, he has had many a sore trial. He passed within two yards of me. All knelt who could. I saw the representa tive of the Patriarchal Church of the West, to which our own fer many centuries ren dered a willing, though not wholly unre served, submission. I saw there some hun dreds of Bishops from many different lands, professing a faith substantially my own. But the spectacle seemed to belong to another world, — certainly not to my own sober country. The service over, lighted candels, four feet long, were placed before all the Bishops, and, with the Pope and Cardinals, they all made a procession down the Nave, and thought the multitude would never cease flowing down towards me. It would be impossible to describe the varie ties of character and costume, from ecclesias tics of all nations, monks of all orders, sol diers, tourists,' and ladies in full dress, down to the veritable descendants of the old satyrs in sheepskin jackets and goatskin breeches. Emerging into light I saw the vast Piazza all a swarm of life.' 