Oe flaneur m Sfetottg. I hope that the political plunge I took la* wok carry mo out of my depth, and IJÜ1 go lui of tho atroain aa soon aa poaaihlo, for foot of Zls whirled away hy some eddy or sucked down {Homo troachorous whirlpool, in those perilous ¿»te» But tho events of tho last wook havo hoon o ^cresting, and withal BO gratifying, that I don't find it possible to avoid saying a few words ahout thom First thoro was tho Wost Sydnoy oloction, ot which tho political honour of tho city was vindi- cated by tho triumphant return of a patriot, and tho rcjoction of tho nominoo of n party. By tho way, this " nominoo" syatom is hoing carried to very considorahlo longths, and I don't wondor that tho electors havo ut Inst bogun to kick against it. I have sometimos hoard a great doal of outcry against tho mombors of tho Logislativo Council intor forin" with tho power of tho purse, and porhaps tho j old bovs do nt times make claims inconsistent with our British notions ; but do you think 1 wouldn't rathor trust thom with my purse, o von whon thoro j was something in it, than I would trust it to tho nominóos whom Messrs. Pnrkos and Co. aro sonding all ovor tho country with credentials to tho electors ? To bo sure I would, nowever, this is only a matter of opinion-and taBto. Mr. Bobortson's majority of six hundred and fifty is a proof that in Wost Sydnoy tho nominee system is not approved of. When I heard tho candidato, who has sin'eo hoon rojoctod by such a largo number of votes, declaring from tho hustings thnt all but " tho dirty-faced men" would bo auro to voto for him, I was awed, for a time, by tho idon thnt I must bo standing in tho prosonco of eomo illustrous patrician _a representativo perhaps, of that ancient but un- fortunate royal houao whoso namo ho boro, and tho grandeur of whoso history lifted his mind im- measurably abovo ordinary humanity. Truo, tho artist who troats a cow or a calf for tho measles, or phlobotomises a horäo or a donkoy, is not unworthy of somo consideration, though ho may bo going a littlo too fur in competing for national honour and recognition with a groat public benefactor and states- man, and also in reproaching tho oi pMoi with thoir dirty faceä. Howovor, I soo that Slr. Sydney ranch has this wook dealt very woll with tho matter, in a cartoon in imitation of tho well-known canino picturo of " Dignity and Impudence," and seno linos in tho sylo of Tom Mooro's skotch of tho " Small j puppy dog, who once livod in tho cago of tho lato noble lion nt Exeter Chango;" and I tako leavo to givo tho following vorsos for tho information of thoso who may not soo tho whole : This week have wo published (as votes aro tho rage), Tho wholo reminiscences, wondrous and strange, Ot a littlo rat ds,wg, that once tried to ongago With Jack, tho old watch-dog at Bumbledom Grange Ko, Johnny, that mutton liono's novcr tor you 'Tis Jack's, and wo'll soo that ho kcops it socttro : If you'ro hungry, you'd best to tho Abattoirs go, And thora got n ha'p'orth of meat on a skewer. The rejoctod of Wost Sydnoy, howovor, is not tho only publie diameter who Booms to havo " put his foot in it" during tho wook. Mr. Hoskins, aft or long cogitation, mado up his mind that his expecta- tions of getting a bono, or anything oleo, from tho present Government, moro than ho had got already, woro likoly to moot with disappointment, and so, as you say, ho crossod tho Rubicon ; only to find him eolf in a barron country, and without any bridgo to get back hy. About tho vory best thing connootod with that Govornmcnt majority of Bixtoon on Thursday night was tho idea of tho awful blundor which thia gontloman found that ho had committod, when ho saw tho division. He'd bettor havo staid whero ho was, I think ; but who knows ? Ho may still be of opinion that tho purchaso of an opponont is moro likoly than tho ro warding an adherent ; and it cannot bo unkind to say, in tho langungo of Ingoldsby, " I wish ho may got it." Only a few wooks ago (it was on tho 5th ultimo) I gontly intimatod my suspicions that a now industrial intorost, namely, a trndo in horsoflosh, for gastronomic consumption, was about to spring up in tho colony ; and now I seo that an ontorprising townsman in Maitland has boon bringing tho nrticlo into notico by inviting two friends to partako of a splendid steak, which thoy did vory heartily-ono of" thom, like Oliver Twist, asking for moro oven aftor hoing told that it was horsolloah. Wo aro not told whothor tho othor ono roliflhod tho joko ns much as ho did tho steak ; but to mo it seoras to havo boon rather a sovaro to3t of friondship-and of tho stomach. I was onco served a similar trick myself, though not quito so bad. Having cxprossod my incredulity as to tho alleged fact that tho flesh of tho " Halicoro Dugong" was really, as asaertod, so excellent in flavour that it could not bo distinguished from hoof or mutton, I was invited, with a numbor of jolly friends thon on a son-sido trip, to dino nt tho residonco of an acquaintance, and thoro, amongst other things, wo had a meat-pio, most of tho con tonts of which, as wo woro informed nfter wo had graliflod good appotitos, whottcd by tho sea air, con- sisted of steaks from tho Dugong-tho remark- able tish, if you call it a fish, from which tho Dugong oil, efficacious in caaos of consumption, is tnkon. Cortainly wo dotoctcd no "nnciont and fish-liko smell," or flavour either ; but I don't think I should have boon so well contontod to put up with tho horso experiment. Thoro is a story, by Sir Walter Scott, I think, of a'gontloman, rosiding in nn old Elizabethan mansion, who avails himsolf of tho visit of a friend-a military officor of distinguished bravery- to tost tho truth of n ghost story which hos long boon connoctod with tho houso. Accord- ingly, without saying anything of tho mattor to his guest, ho quartors hun in tho allogod haunted apart- ment, and, at tho usual visiting hour of ghostB, an old Indy in high-hoelod shoos nnd n dress of tho last century, toddlos into tho room, and seating horsolf upon tho bod, protrudes n most dia- bolical and villainous face within an inch or two of , hi8 own. This vory impropor old fomalo is after- wards rccogniaod by him amongst tho family portraits in tho picturo gallery, and ho is then furnished with a littlo of her domostio history, from which it would appoar that sho had boon suspoctod of such small pocndilloes nsincost and unnatural murder, which is held to account for her wandoring habits a hundrod years nftor death. Tho soldior, I romombor, ia represented ns not at all ploaBod at hoing ni ado tho victim of his friond's cxporiinent ; but I Bupposo tho Maitland steak wns from a horso of another colour ; and degtutibui and so forth, you know. Talking about storios that aro calculated to raise ono's gorgo, what think you of thc following, which w no story at all, but a logitimnto, authentic, and offlcial rocord of a grand, royal coromony, which took placo in Westminster Hall, just ono hundrod and ten yoara ago t It is known os an liiatorlcal fact that King Qcorgo tho Sooond of England, that tasty old follow who is said to havo doolnrod that "ho liked to ridodro Brentford" (thon tho dirtiost town in all England), "bocauso it vas so mosh. Uko Hauo vorsh," dropped down in a flt at Kensington on tho 25th Octobor, 17C0, and oxpirod, in tho 77th year of bia ugo. ?yVoll, in duo courso th body was'onihnlmed, arid on tho 11th Nbvemho it was buried at "Wostminstor, with groat pomp But two days hoforo thia, that is on tho 9th Novom bor, anothor coromony took placo. Tho body havinj boen ombalmod for interment, it was necessary, ; suaposo, to get rid of tho royal "offal," ns thi irroToront might call it ; and accordingly I find ir I tho London Universal Magazine, for November, 17G0 j what ÍB thero callod " An account of tho privatt interment of tho bowels of his lato Moat Sacred Majosty;" and tho particulars of this august and noblo ceromony aro given in tho following words : About 8 o'clock on Sunday evening, the Oth ot November, lil» 1.» to Majoaty's honréis wore 'brought from Kensington, ano privately lnterrod in King Henry tho Sovonth's chapel. A party of tho horso-guardi prccodud, who wcru followed by tho Lord Chamberlain (bearing hts stan1 ot omeo), sud othor Noblcmc», In two mourning coachu.9, with tlireo footmon behind oach, with flamboaux. Then cuno a second party of guards, followod by anothor mourning coach-and-alx, on the front sont of which were two Noblemen, and jon the back sont lay a box, rnthor long, covorod with 'purple volvot and gold nails, to which wcro fixed four golden handlet. Tho Noblemen who attomled being alighted, eight yeomen of tho guard, who wultcd at tho Abboy door to rccelro tho bowels, put n napkin through each llanillo, which was supported by two of thom, nntl so carried Into tho chapel, precoded by tho nbovo noblemen, through tho Abbey, in which were potted a party of .foot iruirdj, mid deposited In tho royal vault. Tho trumpets sounded a dead march during tim wholo of tho ceromony. Kow what do you think of this ? Could tho forco of Stato toadyism go possibly farther F Fancy tho delicacy of tho yoomon of tho guard, not presuming to touch evon tho " goldon handles " of tho box containing this putrid rofnso of humanity oxcopting with "napkins!" You aro reminded of tho " Sworrv " described by Dickons, and tho direction to tho grcon-grocor-waiter, if ho has his "kid gloves on," to " rcmovo tho kivors." And then the horso guards, and tho trumpots, and tho " Xoblomon " on tho front seat of tho coach, with tho placo of honour for "tho bowels!" Vanita* vanitatem ! llruco ordorod that his honrt should bo sont to tho Holy Lnnd ; Byron's was given to Greece ; and I soo from somo of tho latest news that tho " Lion Heart " of England's King Richard tho First has recently boon romovod from tho troasury of Rouon Cathedral to tho choir of that building, in occordnnco with tho wishes of tho emander. Thero is something pootio nnd suggestive in nil this ; but tho royal bowels of Goorgo tho Socond ! Faugh ! 