THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the above Associa tion were concluded on Thursday, October' 6. The attendance throughout the day was larger than oh the preceding days, and deep interest was manifested in all the proceedings. In the morning a devotional meeting wa3 held, and earnest supplications on behalf of the Associa tion were offered up. , .. ROLL. - The roil of ministers and delegates was made up with the following result: — Kenton Yalley—Messrs. W. "Wise, David Greig, Henry Moore, F. Fullard. Magill—Eev. John N. Birks, Messrs. Barnes, Strawbridge, Horton. Coromandel Yalley—Messrs. Eemnent, Mur ray. Lyndoch Yalley—Eev. "W. O. Ashton, Mr. Williams. South Ehine—Mr. N. ,M. Howard. ' Norwood—Messrs. Hill,'Hann, Glyde, Blacker, Holmes, A. Birks. Teatree Gulley—Messrs. John Mills, Haines.; \- Flinders-street, Adelaide — Messrs, W. K. Thomas, D. Fowler, J. Smith, J. Kentish,, J., Ferguson, J. Whiting, 0. Birks, J. Darling, "M.P.j.S. Summers, Haywood, J. White, H. Bower, W. Silver, W. Neill, W. Hooper, F. D. Beach,,A. O. Chambers, T. Good, C. Eogers, W. Newman. .. Alberton—Messrs, J. Neill, Aston, Manson, Thomas, Beasly, Eisely. Uley—Messrs. Glastonbury, Twelvetree. Moonta—Eev. Eenney. Morphett Yale—Messrs. Teakle, Darly, Car-1 inichael, Bridgman. Gawler—Messrs. Hobart, Stephens. Aidinga—Messrs. Patterson, Pengilly. _ North Adelaide—Messrs. Wigg, Shaw, Cum-1 ming, Smith, Kent, Bowering, Hammond. Kapunda—Messrs. Gates, sen., Gates, jun., Henry. Stockport—Eev. W. L. Tuck. Tarlee—Mr. Chas. Farrow.. .. REPORTS OF CHURCHES. The reports from the country Churches occu pied the major portion of the day. A digest of I these will be found in our account of the even-1 ing meetings.. AUBURN CHUBCH. An application was made on behalf of this Church for admission into the Association. On the motion of the Eev. E. Pabkin, seconded by Mr. A. S. Neill, the request was complied with. THE DENOMINATIONAL MAGAZINE. The Eev. J. L. Parsons read the financial report respecting Truth and Progress. The receipts amounted to £93, and the expenditure to £69, leaving a balance in hand of £24. The report was adopted. UNION 171™ THE, C0NGREGATI0NALIST3. The Eev. S. Mead intimated that he was I quite willing to withdraw the motion on the above subject he had given notice of the day [ before. The motion was as follows :— "Seeing that the two denominations of Con gregationalists and Baptists make the Bible the sole standard of appeal, both as to doctrine and practice; also that both denominations hold the same basis for membership, viz., a personal faith in Christ, through which justification is secured and eternal life is imparted to the one believing; also that we have adopted the same views of Church polity; and further, that our Lbri's will is that we should manifest our real oneness so far as we possibly can without sacri ficing our convictions of truth and obligation ; | also that all acknowledge the advantages of union, both for purposes of consolidation, edi fication, and extension; knowing also that the single peint of tangible difference between the two denominations concerns the ordinance of baptism, and that we are taught in the New Testament to respect each others' conscientious convictions, and to receive each other to mutual fellowship on the ground of God's having received us ; and that this principle of mutual forebearing love should be practically exhibited in relation to the administration of baptism;: *' Eesolved—That this Association suggests the appointment of a Conference of brethren of both denominations to consider the desirability | and feasibility of the amalgamation of both de nominations under some such name as ' The | Church of South Australia.'" . The Eev H. L. Tuck said he was glad the I motion was going to be withdrawn. He should | like to see a union, and he regretted, although there was no remedy for it, the exis tence of denominationalism. But he was sure the motion, if pressed, would cause | such a contention as was seldom heard of. The Eev. J. L. Pabsons was sorry the motion | was to be withdrawn, for he was not afraid of their foundations being examined, and of test ing the points of difference between the two denominations. At any rate a Conference would do no harm, for right and truth would prevail, and an opportunity would be given for the hearing of the arguments for and against the proposition. Mr. Kentish thought Mr. Mead had facted rightly in withdrawing the motion. The Eev. Mr. Stonehouse regretted that the motion was to be withdrawn, for he really believed such a Conference would be of essential service just now. He thought all .their Congregational brethren—at least, nearly all of them—and they themselves were right, but what had they to fear ? Suppose a flame was started up, it _ would do something towards removing their bigotry—a consummation de , voutly to be wished for. Mr. White expressed a wish that they should have peace, not war. If Mr. Parsons wished to discuss the matter, why not bring it up before .the Evangelical Alliance 1 The Eev. Mr. Pabsons pointed out that the constitutions of that body would permit of no such discussion. Mr. "W. K. Thomas expressed his regret at the withdrawal of the motion; and after some further dis cussion the motion was finally withdrawn, and the matter dropped. DELEGATES TO THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The Eev. J. L. Pabsons moved that the) Eevs.J. M. Day. and J. Price, be delegated to attend the annual meetings of the Congrega-1 tional Union to express an interest in its work,. and to convey our fraternal greetings. The Eev. H. L. Tuok seconded, and the motion was carried EVENING MEETINGS. _ In the evening tea and public meetings, both | numerously attended, were held in the Chapel. The public meeting was presided over by Mr. J. A. Holden. After devotional exercises had been engaged in, . The Chairman, having expressed his pleasure at seeing such a large attendance, said he was sure they would all join with him in an ex pression of thankfulness for the services of the past few days. They had been very serviceable to him, and he considered that any meetings of this kind, bringing them as they did into direct personal inter course one with another, must end in good. They required to know each other more inti mately, and as they lived too far away in many instances to allow of their seeing one another frequently, these meetings gave them an ex cellent opportunity for so doing, and renewing their intercourse. All who had attended their meetings had doubtless been struck with the kindness and good fellowship manifested throughout. They had been anxious to pre serve this, and when any disagreements arose they had been ready to give way to rebuke. He then mentioned the business of the even ing, and concluded by expressing a hope that they would all go away rejoicing, and that the spirit of Christian fellowship which had been fostered and increased by their meetings would still continue to exist throughout the year. ( Applause.) He then called on The Eev. D. Badger, who read the follow ing report, &c.; :— ""We have received to-day reports and letters from 25 churches. They are for the most part of a mingled character—cheering in one aspect, but discouraging in another. In every instance, save one, the letters refer thankfully to the spirit of brotherly love which has prevailed during the year. And many refer to the clearer perceptions of the doctrines of grace to which the members have attained, and their consequent happiness and power as "children of God. One pleasing feature in the letters sent in is that everywhere there is a growing interest in the Bible classes established, and a somewhat increased attendance at the ordinary meetings for prayer. "Although many Churches have peculiar difficulties to contend with, yet their letters are expressive of joy and confidence. " One rejoices in the settlement of a pastor, and gives its testimony to the success of the ' weekly offering' as a means of collecting funds for Church purposes. Another Church adds its testimony to the power and efficiency of what is termed ' the envelope system' in gathering the contributions of the people, and also refers to increased attendance at public worship, the Sunday- school, and other means of grace. "A Church rejoices in its removal from an old chapel to a more commodious place of meeting, in many conversions among the young, and in believers entering more fully into the enjoyment of their privileges as those '" Christ.' ' " Statistically the Sunday-schools show slight increase in teachers and scholars. "One Church has been received into the| Association—that atJAuburn. "All the Churches where the Agent of the Association (the Bev. ft. Parkin) has been laboring, refer thankfully to his devoted and efficient labors. The services of what is termed the Lay-Agents are everywhere spoken of as being highly appreciated. "Tim discouraging side of the letters gener rally, lies in this—Pecuniary embarrassment,; and fewness of conversions to God. It does seem strange that in connection with increased knowledge and happiness among the people of God we should have few conversions to God. Surely this is a matter demanding attention, humility, prayer. "Abstract of the Membership of the ChurchesImmersions, 168; increase from the world, 168; increase from other Churches, 149; loss by death, 10 ; loss by dismission, 94; loss by erasure of names, 34; loss by exclusion, 11; non- resident members, —. Total number, 1,479. Total increase, 108." The Rev. S. Mead next delivered an inte resting address. He commenced by stating that Mr. Birks had passed from student life into direct pastoral responsible duties, and the Association that evening took distinct cognizance of the step. The object of the address washoth for the encouragement of Mr. Birks and the profit of the members of their Churches. A wide range of subjects presented themselves, bearing directly on a minister's entrance upon his high and solemnjwork, and hcquiteagreed with Hy. "Ward Beecher's striking words, recently uttered, concerning _ the exalted character of a minis ter's calling. Those words were:—"If I could go back 30 years and commence my life again in preaching, whether in the backwoods or in the city, in poverty or in wealth, in a log cabin or in a palace, I would choose the pulpit again, whether I could do any good or not, simply for my own enjoy ment. Oh, may you find this enjoyment; may you be rewarded. When we think not only of the enjoyment and pleasure obtained in this world from the ministry, but also of the glorious reward in Heaven, we cannot but be convinced that this is the profession of professions to be chosen. There is no other work like this in the world; no other commerce so clean, which give3 thoughts that are so holy ; nothing that makes it so pleasant to work in this world; this work will bring others as well as our selves to the woild to come." The special object to which he wpuld call their attention would he this—the Holy Spirit regarded as the inspirer of a minister's life, conversation, prayers, and preaching. It was an axiomatic truth of the Gospel that their Christian life in its first elements was born of the Holy Spirit; and an equally fundamental truth, immediately consequent on the possession of this Christian life, that the Holy Spirit took up His divine and unceasing abode in them. This was ac cording to Christ's promise, and, being the privilege of all saints, should be held a special consolation by every true minister of Christ. Having touched on the inspiration of the Holy Spirit afforded to men in times past, he asked why should not the ambassadors of Christnow be equally filled with the Holy Spirit, and pointed out that nothing hindered this excepting their own unbelief. Allusion was next made to the baptism of the Holy Spirit, and it was stated that it was this Divine fire which was brought down from Heaven that ministers andChurches needed. It was not huge candles burning on adorned altars, nor manufactured incense, but men from and of God, truly and richly baptised in the Holy Spirit and in fire. Firstly, he would consider a minister's life and what ought it to be. In answer he said just as the Holy Spirit would make it—Christlike, Through the Spirit and by faith Christ was seen to be the all sufficient basis of a lifelong holiness—the Alpha and Omega, the centre and the circum ference, the foundation and the topstone of a holy life. In answer to the query—is not such a life hard to live—he answered No, if they were divinely baptised in the Spirit and in fire._ _ He pointed out that the holy life of a minister was the most powerful and eloquent sermon which could be preached, and expressed his thankfulness that God had opened their young brothers' eyes to see clearly the divine method and means for living a holy life. He drew his attention to the fact that his suc cess in the Lord's vineyard would largely de pend on his living as became a saint and a I minister of the holy Gospel. "With regard to | the second point—a minister's conversation—he j advised his young brother to speak as the Spirit gave him utterance. It was the pro vince of the Blessed Spirit to be with his mouth even as God promised to be with Moses in the matter of speech. Through unbelief, Moses failed personally in obtaining the proffered gift—through faith might he herein daily succeed. .The next point alluded to was prayer, the advice given being that more attention should be paid to its quality than quantity, and that in the most real sense let his whole life he a life of wise and "success-! ful intercession in the Spirit. Fourthly and lastly, he touched on preaching, which was, he thought, the work of an ambassador of Christ. With regard to this, he said, the real and divine power of preaching was not measurable by the amount of feeling produced on Jthe emotions, nor the de gree of thought, awakened in the interest, but by the degeee of the Spirit's quickening power accompanying the truth conveyed to the soul. Every truth of God they preached should first be in them as truth made clear by the Spirit. He concluded by saying that they often heard ministers praying to be filled with the Holy Spirit, but not one in a thousand was heard praising God on account of his prayer having been literally answered. He exhorted his young brother to be not afraid to believe that for him to be filled with the Holy Ghost was impracticable, but rather that it was a blessed privilege to be realised through an un faltering and full faith. (Applause.) Mr. Birks, in accordance with a request, came on the platform, and the Chairman of the Association (the Rev. Mr. Day) advancing, clasped his hand, saying :—My_ dear Brother Birks, as representing the Association, though in no formal way, but in all brotherly love and sympathy, I give you the right hand of .fellow ship, and may the Lord Jesus Christ be with thy Bpirit. The Lord bo with you. Amen. The Rev. S. Mead then offered prayer, espe cially supplicating God's blessing on their new brother. The Rev. H. J. Lambert expressed his thankfulness for the meetings of tho last few days, which had been characterised by a deep and earnest spirit, and had constrained many of them to pay afresh the vows of consecration to God. Their attention during the past few days had been confined to some of the higher principles of the Gospel, and he would now say a few words to the members of their Churches —not ministers, but to those who shared with them all the privileges of the Gospel—of the blessings which came to them from the love of God in recreating themselves, and making them as sons of God and heirs of Heaven. He pointed out that they weie servants, and were bound to livo a life of service, for the life and love of God would "have n effect if not expressed. Christ said,Go and preach the Gospel*" "Go .work-in ,my vine yard," and they were bound to reoognise their responsibility and devote themselves to the faithful discharge of their duties. Thousands in this oity were giving themselves to pleasure and the accumulation of wealth, slaves of sin, and in the depths of hell, and they, as Chris tians holding God's truth, were bidden to preach that, having for their consolation the' promise. that it would not return unto them void. And if there was to be success in this work, ho thought they, should commence with a defi nite object and, carry it. forward with power, _ not rushing on spasmodically, .but going straight on, , steadily -forward, like an advancing army,, and though they might meet with repulses, yet they should thank God for what they had achieved, and return to tho work with double earnestness and singleness of purpose. They should measure God's truth and act up to it—not unnaturally; but faith fully, earnestly, prayerfully, and at once. (Applause,). TheEev. H. L. Tuck was gratified to-laiow that they were growing, not altogether as a de nomination, but as the Baptist Association. They had been called Baptists, and there had been some talk of a change—of a union. "Well, he hoped, whether that came to pass or not, they would still hold the truth. (Hear, hear,) They, as Christians, should see that their whole life and behavior gave force to what they expressed. With respect to the union, the best way was for every separate and dis tinct denomination to follow out its particular course. They might travel in different ways in this world, but it.was to be hoped they would finally succeed in reaching Heaven. (Applause.) . The Eev. J. L. Pabsons made a. short but sound address,, charging them during the next year to be watchful for souls, liberal for the Lord, and to be faithful to and courageous, for the cause of Christ. The proceedings then closed. A collection made during the evening amonnted to about £15. 