SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1870. As the elections are probably the most interesting and exciting topic of the day, a few remarks oil the subject may not be out of place. For some time after the last Parliament was dissolved it was presumed that the old represen tatives of Stanley would have a com fortable walk over, although a; few insinuated that a change of blood was absolutely necessary. It is not for us to say whether an alteration was re quired or not * but there cannot be a doubt that, in the absence of better men, the electors would not be far wrong; in voting; for those who had faithfully represented the district for a number of years. However, after the first and second batches of the elections had been disposed of there was no lack of candidates the first new arrival being- the rejected of Noarlunga-the j Hon. John Col ton, Commissioner of Public Works. The hon. gentleman would doubtless have been returned for the district he had served for a period of seven years, had it not been for the part he took- in the labor question. Although defeated in his own district, he, at the request of a number of the electors, consented to contest Stanley m opposition to Messrs. Bright and Kingston, and for that purpose tho roughly canvassed the district, ex pounding his political sentiments in a manner that could not fail to give general satisfaction had not the ghost of the twopenny land tax presented itself, in all its horrors, to the ao-ricul tural mind. ° Ihe next m the field was our local candidate, Mr. D. T. Jarman, whose recommendations were that of being a novice in political affairs and a fluent and somewhat sarcastic speaker, com bined with rather a stubborn nature, and who would in all probability, if returned, be a formidable antagonist to even Mr. Strangways. Had Mr. Jar man modified his political views so as to meet those held by the majority of the electors, there would have been a possibility of his being returned 5 but as the farmers have as much antipathy to those who oppose railways through their districts as to persons who, if they had the power, would levy a tax of 2d. per acre on all agricultural land, ] it is not to be wondered at that in thej returns to hand our would-be local representative is so far behind the other ! candidates. After the election for Yatala another candidate appeared in the field-Mr. | Hewitt, who had nothing to recommend him but the doubtful honor of having been rejected for the district mentioned. It is be seen that his chance of election is rather a poor one. It is scarcely necessary to allude to the sixth "candidate," as he was not nominated, and merely thrust himself forward to satisfy an inordinate and morbid desire for notoriety. Up to the present time there have been four boxes opened, namely, Clare, Auburn, Watervale, and Mintaro, and the scrutiny of the rest will take place this morning, and by noon it will be known who are returned. At present the two old members are heading the list by a large majority, although Mr. Colton had the honor of securing the largest number of votes at Clare, most of which were plumpers. At Auburn and Watervale the hon. gentleman fell behind considerably; he, however, gained ground on Mr. Bright at Min taro, but fell more in the rear of Sir George Kingston, in spite of the exertions of his friends, and there is little probability of his position be coming much better. The committees of Messrs. Kingston and Bright and Mr. Colton have worked most indefatigably, and the latter gen tleman's friends have made strenuous efforts to return him, as is shown by the large number of plumpers in his favor. His supporters here entertain a belief that the Port Watefield returns will be decidedly in his favor; but as only 50 persons have voted there, his chance of success from that quarter is very remote. The Sheriff having ordered the re maining boxes not to be opened on Good Friday, we are nbt in a position to place full particulars of the voting before our readers; we shall, however, issue an Extraordinary immediately on the result being known in Clare; in the meantime our readers must rest satisfied with the particulars given m another column. Since oar last issue the weather has been very changeable, alternating between oppressive heat and cold winds. On Tuesday evening it com menced to rain, and gentle showers fell at short intervals until the morning of the 14th, thi quantity registered at Clare during that time amounting to 0.490 inches. Although a greater supply would have been welcome, the farmers are thankful for the visitation, as in many instances tilling operations had to be suspended, owing to the hardness of the soil. Our wells, too, were getting very low, many being almost destitute of water. It is stated that Mr, John Dunn, jun., who was defeated in the Port Adelaide contest, received an influential requisition to allow him self to be placed in nomination for the district of Stanley; but the proffered honor was declined. gome little excitement was caused in thiB town in the commencement of the week by Corporal Mallon bringing a female prisoner from Mount Uemarable, who was charged with stealing a mare belonging to Mr. Edwards, of Slanley Flat. The prisoner, whose name is Alice Harrison, aud is apparently not more than 18 years of age, was tried before two Justices of the Peace on Wednesday, and dis charged through want of sufficient evidence. Another charge was laid against the young woman by Mr. Edwards, under the Impound ing Act, of taking a mare out of his stockyard, I and working the same. The prisoner was found ' guilty, and lined £5 or one month's imprison i ment. A third charge of stealing a saddle and bridle was then laid against her by Mr. Teague. The case was remanded until further evidence could be produced. Full particulars appear in another column. A man named Alexander Wilson was thrown from his horse near Sevenhil's, on Friday last, and sustained concussion of the brain, lie was brought into Clare in a very precarious state, and for two or three days his life was despaired of. We have been informed, however, that be is now progressing favorably, and no serious results are anticipated. A sad accident has occurred near Cumbadore on the Barling. A man named Williams is building a public-house and store,.living mean time in a tent and bough gunyab. It is sup posed that a whirlwind or strong gust carried the ashes from their fire among the leaves, and the whole place was at once in a blaze. Mrs. | Williams had barely time to rush out with one I of her children, and the other perished in the flames.-Southern Argus. Says the Register :-" The gratitude of the people on the Northern Extension line for the facilities of transport already given them has taken the direction of a clamorous demand for further favors. At present the train proceeds as far as Manoora, or Chinkford, as the resi dents insist upon having it called, and performs this distance of 80 miles in Ave hours and a quarter. This represents a speed of over 15 miles an hour, or upon the line beyond Eose worthy of about 11 or 12 miles an hour. Tra velling at such a rate is positive weariness, and the dissatisfaction of travellers is perfectly in telligible. The prolonged stoppages at each station, extending in most instances to 15 minutes, are peculiarly obnoxious, and the quantity of chaff that officials have to .digest must eventually give them longings for an altered arrangement. It is positively discredit able to the colony that so long a time should be consumed over so short a journey behind the iron horBe. No doubt a better state of affairs will rule when the line is completed to Bed ruth; in fact, it is only the imperfect condition of the work that prevents the smoulderings of discontent from breaking out into a flame. The Commissioner of Public Works jj^as shown a laudable disposition to redress railway grie vances, and it is to be hoped he will have an early opportunity of turning his attention to this subject. The present time-table is very unsatisfactory to the Chinkford and Saddle worth people, both in regard to the mails and personal visits to the city, Leaving for town at about 2, o'clock, they reach their destination at 7; and, being unable to transact their busi ness before 7 next morning, are obliged to re main in town all the second ctay, and return on the third. Facilities like these cannot be con sidered unreasonably great." In answer to a memorial submitted to the Commissioner of Crown Xsnde, it was intimated that the Government contemplated making important changes in commonage charges, ~ We hear that the nice legal question to which we lately referred ia likely to be tried before ih© Court of Disputed Returns, Br. Weld intending to petition against the return of Messrs." Play ford and Krichauff. on the ground of their having attended several public meeting?, and addressed the electors after the nomination of candidates for the.first batch of election?, which he himself very carefully avoided doing. Evening Journal. Captain Sweet, ©f the Gulnare, is HOW before a Board of Enquiry, which is engaged in making an investigation into his conduct. Charges, which appear as unfavorable as grave, are laid, but as the Council has deliberated with closed doore, no very important revelations have been made. The result will ultimately transpire. Register. A few days since a deputation, introduced by Sir G. Kington, waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands and presented the following petition r-" The memorial of the undersigned landowners, farmer?, and residents of the Dis tricts of Tipper Wakefield, Stanley, and of Gum Creek, and others, humbly showetli-That it is with regret they see that some of the very best agricultural land in the North has been surveyed,, and is being sold and purchased by the squat ters, to the great injury of the bone and sinew of the colony-rthat is, the farmers-that class not being able to compete with the squatters under the now existing land laws. That the land alluded to by your memorialists is known as the Bundaleer Springs. There is a large area of very fine agricultural land all along this water, which has been surveyed, and some of which has been already in the market j while the land to the west of this, which is situated between this and the Gulnare area, and only of use to the squatter, has not been surveyed^ which necessarily gives the purchasers of the Bundaleer Springs land-that is, as far as the land that has been already sold, the squatter j very great advantages over those who car not ! compete with that clase. That your memo* rialists respectfully submit and pray as Parlia ment is dissolved, and as a more liberal-land bill will be the chkf topic on the assembling of the new Parliament, you will agree with the meaning of this memorial, and be pleased to do your utmost to stop any further sales of land, or at any rate of the land as herein mentioned* until after the meeting of the new Parliaments And your petitioners will every pray," &c.; The Commissioner replied that on the House re assembling the Government would declare the land an agricultural area. News from Western Australia states that a movement iB on foot to procure from the Impe rial Government the boon of a representative Parliament. Governor Weld is said to be in its favor. Mr. S. Coleman kindly favors us with the following from Mount Bemarkable:-"Melrose, April 11. The state of things in this neigh borhood are as bad as they possibly can be. Everything appears to be parched up. There is no feed, nor any chance of getting any unless this part of the country is favored with a quantity of rain ; in fact, I am surprised that cattle can find sufficient nutriment to enable them to exist.-The township the ether day was somewhat enlivened by a trotting match that took place between Mr. Robinson's chest nut horse and Mr. Ansty'e bay cob, both in harness. The stake was £10 a side and the distance 32 miles- rather a long race even for first-class animals. A referee having been ap pointed for each, a good start was affected, and the contest throughout was a very severe one,, finally resulting in Mr. Robinson's horse win ning by about 20 yards. The stakes being handed over to the victor the affair wound up with plenty of high words, but fortunately no blows. 