DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod was opened this morning at Trinity Church by the Lord Bishop. Service commenced at half-past 11 o'clock, when the Holy Communion was administered, and afterwards the Lord Bishsp of Adelaide delivered the following Pastoral Address:— "Rev. and dear Brethren—In all history, civil or religious, there occur epochs—times— when a change becomes apparent in the thoughts and spirit of the age. Old forms pass away. The grace of their fashion has perished. They give place to others more suited to new ideas and aspirations. Society tabes a fresh departure on the voyage of the future. "The eternal verities, however, of religion and morals remain unchanged, because unchangeable ; nor are the outlines of the Church of God, after the lapse of ages, or of the inner life of that Church, less distinct to the Christian's eye than when first traced by the finger of the Spirit on the page of revelation. Critics, indeed, and expositors may dispute about the jots and tittles of the manuscript; but spiritua 1 and enlightened reason will take its stand on ' the faith once delivered to the saints;' ' the form of sound words in which' it was delivered ; and the apostolic institutions borne witness to from the beginning, in all times and places, by the universal Church. The overthrow of Paganism and the civil establishment of Christianity under Constantine ; the completion by Gregory the Great of the Church system of Rome and the ascendancy of its Bishop ; the Papal theocracy inaugurated by Hildebrand, the Seventh Gregory ; the freedom of Churches, and their reformation, achieved by Luther—all form distinct epochs in ecclesiastical history, and at the present day we witness one of no less importance, viz., the epoch of ' religious liberty and equality' for all communions, and for every individuaL "It concerns us, indeed, much, whether clergymen or laymen, to mark well the 'times and seasons' in which our life is cast, lest we waste our efforts in the endeavour to restore a past which cannot be recalled, or mould the present after the fashion of bygone ages. A Pope may assume personal infallibility, and the autocratic episcopate of the world. He may oppose a syllabus to tie advancing tide of modern thought; but the waves will still flow onward. A wiser monarch of old exposed the folly of his courtiers by receding in time, lest he should be overwhelmed. "Our reformed branch, then, of the Catholic Church should not be blind to the present epoch. The Church policy of Queen Elizabeth has come to an end. The disestablishment, accordingly, of the Irish Church has set at rest many questions which during the last 20 years have perplexed the colonial Churches. Now at least they are clearly seen f o be unestablished— unconnected with the State, except so far as they are still under the supremacy of law with regard to their property and the personal rights of their members. "The legality also of our Synodal compact was formerly questioned. Now that the Irish Church is basing its organization on such an agreement, it will be conceded that a voluntary association, such as the Church of this diocese, can only maintain its internal discipline on the basis of a compact resting neither on royal prerogative nor on imperial legislation. " Anticipating as we did in 1855 this conclusion, this diocese had for 15 years carried on its independent action, having first bound itself by a constituent declaration to the closest fellowship in doctrine, discipline, liturgy, rites and ceremonies with the Church of England. Though no part of its establishment, we are, I trust, and shall continue to be, essentially a - branch of the great Anglican Communion. " A necessary consequence of our legal position, as a Voluntary_ Independent Diocesan Church, is the necessity of adopting, by our own free consent, ecclesiastical regulations, which in the Mother Church are imposed by law. As an example of what I mean, I may allude to the revised order of lessons to be read in the daily service, and more especially on the festivals and Lord's Days, recommended by the Royal Commission. It appears to commend itself to the general acceptance of the Church at home. As far as I have been able to examine it, I believe both in its omissions and insertions, as well as its arrangements of lessons for a third service on Sundays (where it is needed), to be a real improvement. _ Time, however, must elapse before Convocation and Parliament concur in this wise reform of the Prayer-Book. It may be well, therefore, for this Synod to pass a regulation approving the new Lectionary, and leaving the Bishop to introduce it into the diocese so soon as it shall have received the approval of the Queen in CouncQ. It would be undesirable to alter the present arrangements of lessons until a definite order can be substituted for it. " I do not find that the Ritual Commission has made any recommendation with regard to ceremonial observances or vestments of the clergy. Pending the trial of certain clergymen for introducing or reviving obsolete ceremonies and ornaments, any interference with the action of the law and its judicial authorities was felt to be a greater^ evil than patiently waiting for legal investigation and judicial decision. Many practices of a novel character have consequently been pronounced 'illegal.' Loyal submission to the law thus declared, rather than paltiy evasions of it, will, I trust, characterize those ministers of our Church at home whose emotional and imaginative dispositions have led them beyond the sober simplicity of Anglican ceremonial and vesture. The 58th Canon will perhaps be made the legal guide for this matter. _ " Another subject growing out of the revision of the Lectionary is that of a proposed revision of certain passages in the authorized version of the Holy Scripture. The consideration of this important subject has been recommended by the Bishops to the Lower House of the Convocation of Canterbury. This step is, I believe, called for by the advanced state of linguistic criticism, as well as by some acknowledged errors in the present translation. It is the clear opinion of tne learned prelates who have sanctioned this movement that no portion whatever of the received doctrine of the Church of England will be weakened or modified by it. Truth and honesty require that the Word of God should be offered to mankind in its genuine form and its true meaning. If the discovery of^ancient manuscripts and deeper acquaintance with the Eastern languages shall lessen the authority of certain special texts, still in the revised version Divine truth will be set forth with greater certainty and precision. We seed in no wise lose our time-honoured version; and if the co- operation, of learned Nonconformists were received it would be still the Bible of the whole English-speaking population of the world. A different type -would readily indicate^ the passages not resting on the best authorities, and the new translation might be interpolated in the old within brackets, or at the foot of the page. " During the last session of Synod we consented to establish in connection with the other Australian Dioceses, through means of a General Synod, an Appellate Tribunal, to take cognizance under the Metropolitan or Primus of doctrinal causes referred to it from the Diocesan Courts, Another important subject remitted at that time for consideration to a Select Committee was the mode of electing our future Bishops. This duty has devolved on us in consequence of our legal independence of jEnglicb Establishment. Happily, we are in no want of precedents to guide us in the choice of plans—we have the Scotch, Irish, American Canons, as well as the practice of the Universal Church from the first. _ The main object of our endeavours on this "subject should be" to eliminate from this solemn act as far as possible the influence of momentary excitement and party passion. It should be dobe- assuredly 'as unto the Lord,* and not onto men.' The appointment to be made should secure the largest possible amount of unanimity. " The practice of the Universal Church from the beginning, and followed in the Scotch, American, and Irish branches of our Episcopal communion, has been, that the clergy should nominate one or more candidates for the office, and that the laity should concur with them in selecting the most approved.^ To this practice the American Church has given its adhesion; and the plan thus deliberately adopted in a Church where _ lay influence is undoubtedly : great, and individual opinion enjoys the fullest scope, has in ite favour tbe weignt derivable : from such considerations. '•'The Irish branch of ov.r Church, with its two thousand clergy, organizing itself as a free and voluntary association has adopted a similar arrangement. "It appears also that the Convocation of Canterbury has appointed a Committee to report on this subject. Under these circumstances I think it would be wise to defer the adoption of any plan for this diocese until we have had the benefit of such enquiries. To the English or Irish clergy recourse may probably be had in filling up this See. It is important, therefore, not to diverge more than is absolutely necessary from the organic arrangements of our Mother Church, now partly disestablished. "Much angry feeling, indeed, and many fears have been elicited by that strong act of power which after 300 years separated the Irish Church from the State. But that connection only identified it with the minds of the Celtic population with their Saxon conquerors, and furnished a plea for undying hatred and chronic rebelliousness. Released from this fatal prestige of State connection, the Irish Church will enter, I believe, upon a new career of missionary effort, and feeble must be the faith as well as cold the love which fails to bid her ' God speed in that holy war.' " While thus contemplating the great changes which have already taken place, or are imminent in the Church of England, whether in her revised Lectionary, or proposed revision of the authorized version of the Scriptures; or the appointment of Suffragan Bishops; or the disestablishment of the Irish Church; or in the greater elasticity given to our Liturgy by the permitted separation of its Services, we can hardly fail to own the hand of Providence overruling to good the revival set on foot among the clergy 40 years ago, when the desire sprung upto restore a more primitive church life by daily services and closer adherence to the spirit of the Prayer Book. Bigotry alone will deny to these men self-denying zeal and disinterested laboriousness in their sacred calling. That they in many cases have gone from us, or to the verge of error in some points of doctrine and discipline, is the conviction of the great body of the clergy. But the impetus which has been given by them to pastoral earnestness is undoubted. _ The old rigidity of a legal establishment has yielded to this influx of new-born zeal, and never were the Anglican clergy animated with sincere devotedness or presided over by a more distinguished hierarchy. We may fairly^ expect, therefore, when the true interpretation of the law concerning Ritualistic practices is ascertained, that some authoritative directory will be issued, or the aid of Parliament invoked, to check innovation under the plea of doubtful or disused Rubrics. Meanwhile, acting on the principle ' Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind,' may St. Paul's spirit of forbearance also, neither judging, nor despising, nor offending one another prevail among us, being assured that whatever 'is not of God will come to nought." " It remains for me to notice the subject of national education, which of late has been much under discussion both here and in England. In these days an uneducated people must descend to a lower level among the nations of the earth. A good secular education, even unaccompanied by religious instruction, is surely better than rude uncultivated ignorance. The latter must be the fate of our rural and pastoral population unless the State will divert the funds now in some measure wasted on town schools to the employment of school teachers throughout the country districts. Every good school in the centres of population ought to be self-supporting, or will be supplemented by voluntary aid, if that aid be not checked by Government interference. " But here crops up, to an extent surprising in this country, distrust of the voluntary principle as applied to education. Its efficacy, on the other hand, in regard to the supply of religious ordinances has been vaunted above measure. If by the aid of a moderate ' bonus' institutes have sprung up all over the country, why not schools for the young? Why should the duty of parents and the zeal of friends and of pastors be set aside or ignored? Why, with crippled finances, should Government not avail itself of the zeal and liberality of the best educated and best disposed members of our community, in order itself to set up adry hard system of secular schooling, with nothing m it but selfinterests to animate the teachers or secure the attention of the scholars ? Nor can we fail to observe the arbritary intolerance which proposes to tax Christians for the support of schools, and deny all aid to such schools when the truths of the Christian revelation are taught in them to Christian children. Does not this look more like anti- Christian hostility to God's truth than fear of sectarian proselytism ? Granting that the latter should be shut out, are there no means of enlisting voluntary zeal in the cause of national education, while the rights of conscience pe protected ? Let some such scheme be tried before driving into irreconcilable antagonism with State schools those bodies of Christians who deem religious instruction an essential part of everyday schooling. Let, for example— "_1. The builders and managers of schools decide whether any, and if any, what religious instruction shall be given in their schools. The State in South Australia avowedly has no concern in pi-eventing any more thai* providing religious teaching. " 2. Let State Inspectors examine and certify as to the quality of the secular education required by the Government before any State aid be granted. " 3. In all State-aided schools let the hour be fxed and time limited during which religious instruction, if any, shall be given; and let no child attend on such instruction whose parents desire its exemption. " 4. Let the Government Board of Education fix the list of secular books from which the children in State-aided schools are to be instructed. " 5. Let the State require sufficient area for the numbers taught in every State-aided school. "6. Let the aid available for educational districts be proportioned to the number of children in it of the proper ages to attend school in each. " 7. Let bonuses be given in the shape of a capitation-fee for each child passed by the Inspectors as properly instructed in secular learning. " The above scheme has Wen tentatively acted on during the last 30 years in England, and is now in a fair way of becoming a truly national .system. (1.) The combination of voluntary effort with State provision, and unrestricted action for the. friends of education, whether secularists or Veligionists. (2.) The tenderest regard towards both for conscientious scruples. <3.) Compulsory State education, for idle and destitute children, whose parents neglect the duty, 'these 6eem to be the principles on which legislation will ultimately be based in England. The adoption of similar views in this colony would at once quiet apprehension, satisfy the demands of religious opinion, evoke voluntary liberality, draw into the profession of teachers men deeply interested in the moral welfare of their pupils, and, finally, elevate the mental drill of secular education into the dignity and pleasantness of moral training. " Before I close this address it is necessary that I should advert briefly to the resolution No ; 468, passed in the late Synod. To all 'Ritualistic' or ceremonial acts implying or calculated to inculcate the Roman view of the mystery of the Lord's Supper, I am, and have always been, opposed. While resolved to maintain the ecclesiastical "law of our Reformed Church in regard to doctrine, lituigy, holy orders, rites, ceremonies, vestures, and ornaments in pur churches, I feel equally bound in conscience not to strain, that law in order to narrow the coinprehenriveTiess (liberal as it i within scripturaflimits) of the Anglican Communion. I have received.no complaint from the wardens or members of any congregation alleging any illegal ' ceremony or ornament' used by any officiating minister during the ordinary morning and evening prayer, or in the Communion service. It will be well, however, to state that by the decisions of the Court of Arches and Privy Council the followiug ceremonies have been pronounced ' illegal f --In the administration of Holy Communion, elevation of the paten or cup, and genuflexion or prostration before the table during the Consecration Prayer. 2. During divine service any procession in or round the church, "mging hymns or Te Deum. 3. The burning of incense generally and lighting candles, save for the purpose of giving light. 4. In regard to vest-men's, an appeal has been lodged with the Judicial Corn- nrittee of the Privy Council against the judgment of the Dean of Arches in this matter; that judment, therefore, has no effect until such an appeal is decided. " With regard to ' ornaments' or articles in use during the administration of, or subsidiary to, divine service—other than vestments—/ hww of none used in th is diocese which are illegal; such, for example, as a. crucifix, or cross ' with tivt figure^ of the Saviour thereon.' This, when not forming part of the architecture of the church, but used as part of the * furniture of the holy table,'is 'illegal.' The Dean of Arches, however, ^ expressly declares ' vases of flowers to be legal,'and floral decorations, 'not used as an additional rite or ceremony.' He deems them ' innocent and not unseemly decorations'—like the 'branches of bolly' at Christmas, aud ' willow blossoms' on Palm Sunday—very generally used from old time in our village and other churches. " After all, brethren, religion does not consist in these things, 'but in righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost;' and I would record my solemn protest against those troublers of our churches' peace, who, through the laxity of the Statute Law, have wilfully revived (against the advice of their Bishops) obsolete Romanizing ceremonial in our divine services. " I would also affectionately urge my rev. brethren to take heed to the ' weightier matters of the law.' At a time when an unscrupulous criticism assails the text and inspiration of _ the canonical Scriptures, when a rationalistic materialism makes a mock of all ' supernatural manifestations' of God to man, rites and ceremonies and decorations are not the weapons which are ' mighty through God to the pulling down the strongholds of error.' Conviction is the true origin of effectual personal religion; and they who, instead of reasoning like Paul on * righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come,' address themselves to the sensuous and imaginative part of the human soul, may captivate, indeed, a crowd of worshippers, but without promoting the true ' worship of God in spirit and truth.' " It makes little difference whether the appeal be made by a gorgeous ceremonial or by the powerful voice aud exciting action of some revivalist preacher. How different are these methods from the powerful reasoning and fervent appeals of St. Paul, addressed to the reason and consciences of men. The embellishments of religion may suit the cravings of an opulent and luxurious age, which is ever trying to harmonize the worship of God with the service of mammon. But the love of pleasure, lust of the eye, and pride of life mingle with zeal for the outward form. Let it be your endeavour, reverend brethren, rather to build up in your people simple but effectual faith, combined with hope and charity; that faith, which of old was content to worship in the 'house,' or 'caves of the earth,' before the light of day, or in the darkness of 'the catacombs.' Then was a pattern of sublime virtue given to the world in all the varied relations of life—masters and slaves, children and parents, wives and husbands. Are we better Christians than they with all our varied modes of religious worship ? Let us give, if we will, of our best to God's service— the noblest buildings, the choicest ornaments, the most comely order of divine service, but let us never lose sight of those great Christian verities—' Except a man be born from above he cannot see the kingdom of God, and if we live in the Spirit let us also walk in the Spirit.' When, however, I lookback to our last meeting of Synod and remember the freedom at once, and faithfulness, the forbearance, the candour, and the charity which then on the whole characterized our discussions, I do believe that that assembly was not left without the guidance of the Spirit of God. I fervently pray and hope that a like spirit will govern our present assembly. If there are q lestions to be sifted or doubts removed, be persuaded that an honest, loving regard for God's truth is perfectly compatible with gentleness, impartiality, and sincerity. Let us, then, seek the things which make for peace, not by insincere compromise, but by the wisdom which is fcfrom above—-first pure and then peaceable ; easy to be entreated, because always endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace, as well as righteousness of life." TBE NEXT SHIP FOE THE NORTHEIIN TERBI- TORY.—The Commissioner of Crown Lands hopes to be able to dispatch the Bengal on Saturday next, and arrangements with that view are to be pressed forward. Those intending to take passages for Port Darwin are to be duly warned by advertisement that prompt application is necessary. NEW DEPASTURING REGULATIONS.—During last session a motion introduced by Mr. Pearce was earned in the Assembly in favour of a reduction of depasturing charges. The Cabinet has now adopted amended regulations in accordance with that resolution. HELLER'S PIANOFORTE RECITALS. - -I t is seldom that the lovers of good music have such a great treat as was afforded them on Monday night at White's Rooms. Not the least attractive portion of Mr. R. Heller's late entertainments has been his wonderful pianoforte instrumentations, and a number of his admirers, wishing to have a more complete exhibition of his powers, urged him to give a concert before he took his departure from the colony. He responded to the request, and last night's recitals were the result. The programme arranged for the occasion could not fail to satisfy the most fastidious student of the classical school, embracing as it did some of the choicest gems that the last or present century has produced. When Mozart, Beethoven, and Mendelsohn form the staple of an evening's entertainment, its character is above question, and when the productions of their genius are interpreted by such an appreciative and skilful disciple as Air. Heller, the issue cannot be other than that of unmixed enjoyment. It will not therefore surprise our readers when we say we ^re bound to speak of Monday night's performance in terms of the highest praise. We refer primarily of course to Mr. Heller, whose share in the programme" was the special attraction of the evening. His first illustration was from Beethoven-—one of this composer's exquisite sonatas written especially for the pianoforte— an instrument the powere of which no one has exhibited to the degree attained by this gifted musician. Beethoven's peculiarities—his grand harmonies, his startling effects, his ravishing melodies—were -all set forth in the Sonata Pathetique which Mr. Heller played, and his treatment of it was masterly in the extreme. The next piece was a fantasia arranged by Thalberg from Mozart's "Don Giovanni." This opera is generally regarded as one of the loftiest triumphs that has been achieved in dramatic music, and Thalberg in his adaptation for the pianoforte has been careful to retain all the specialities of the great original. Difficult as it is, yet "Mr. Heller unwound its intricacies and developed its beauties with the touch and execution of a master that had been long familiar with them. Next in order came six of Mendelssohn's songs without words, and the modern German school has not produced anything more exquisitely beautiful than these compositions. They are instinct with life and meaning, and Mr. Heller's interpretation of them was marvellously skilful, and marked by all that grace and charm so characteristic of the music itself. A series of most complex school 6tudiesfrom Cramer, Chopin, Stephen Heller, and Kalkbrenner, and a clever improvisation by Mr. Heller himself, introducing popular airs, closed his performances upon the pianoforte; and it is not too much to say that his brilliant execution and marvellous powers as a pianist will be leng remembered by- those who heard s him. We should not omit to add that he was assisted by Miss Vaughan and Messrs. C. E. Mumme and Hugo Christen, who sang several pieces, and rendered them very successfully. Altogether the entertainment was an unexceptionally superior one, and was highly appro* ciated by a large and select audience. Mr. Heller, we understand, leaves for Melbourne by to-day's steamer. THE RABBIT QUESTION.—Mr. Manifold, of Camperdown, ^ some weeks ago was asked to purchase 75 wild rabbits. Horrified, he refused, upon which the man remarked, " Well, if you will not purchase them, I cannot cany them any further; I shall let them loose." Rabbits having become such a pest in various parts of Victoria, his threat secured a ready customer at a high price. 