THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION^ . The. annual ^meetiaggibf^the above Asslcia-' tion were concluded on Thursday, October 6.= The^ttendaacetlmjughoiittbeday was larger than on the preceding days, and deep interest was manifested in all the proceedings. In 'the morning a devotional meeting was held, fend earnest supplications on behalf of the Associa tion were offered up. ?. ; . . bold. . ??? . .,.. The roll of min'sters and delegates vasmade tip with the following result:— ,... Kenton Valley— Messrs. W. Wise, David ta-reig, Henry Moore, -F. Fnllaad., ? ??_? i Magill— Bev. John. N. Birks, Messrs, Barnes, Strawbridge, Herton. .- _ .- Coromaudel Valley— Messrs. Bemnent, Mar ray. Lyndoch Valley— Rev. W. O. Ashton, Sir. Williams. ' Soatfe Rhine— Mr. N. M. Howard. Nor wood— Messrs. HUlj'Hann, Glyde, Blacker, Holmes, A. Birks. .... ' Teatree Galley— Messrs. John Mills, Ha.ines. Flinders-street, Adelaide —.Messrs. W. K. Thomas, D. Fowler, J. Smith, J. Kentish, J. Ferguson, J. Whiting, C. Birks, J. Darling, M.P.,. S. Summers, tlaywood, J. White, H. Bower, W. Silver, W. Neill, W, Hooper, F. D. Beach, A. O. Chambers, T. Good, C. Bogers, W.- Newman. - ?- ? ? ? Alberton— Messrs, J. Neill, Aston, Manson, Thomas, Beasly^ Risely. Uley— Messrs. Glastoribary, Twelvetree. Moonta— Bev. Benney. ; Morphett Vale— Messrs. Teakle, Darly, Car michael, Bridgtnan. : ' Gawler— Messrs. Hobarfc, Stephens. Aldinga— MfcSara. Tatterson, Pekg^ly, North Adelaide-— Messrs. Wigg, Shaw, Cam ming, Smith, Kent, Bowering, Hammond. ' Xapunda— Messrs. Gates; sen.,/ Gates, Jan., Henry. ? ? Stockport— Bev. W.H Tuck. ? Tarlee-7-Mr. Chas. Farrow. EEPOBTS ; oyomjBOHKS. ? ' '\ The reports' from the country Churches occu pied the major portionpf the day. A digest of these will be found in our account of the even ing meetings. ?'.'.'..' AUBUBN CHURCH. An application was. made on behalf of this Church for admission into the Association; On the motion of the Bev. B. Pabkin, seconded by Mr. A. S. Keill, the request was complied with. ~ . - . THE DENOBOKATIONAX. MAGAZtSB. The Bev. J. L. Pabsons read the financial report, respecting 'Truth -and Progress. The receipts amounted to £93, and the expenditure to £69, leaving a balance in hand of £24. The report was adopted. tranON WITH THE OONGREOATIONAtlSTS. The Bev. S.*Mea© intimated that he was quite willing to withdraw the motion on the Above subject 'he 'bad given notice of the day' before. The motion was Ss follows:— ' : 'Seeing that ihe two-denominations of Con gregatiprialists aniBaptisfarinake the Bible the sole standard of appealj.bpth as. to idoctrine^n^ practice ; also :that $qih denominations hold' the same basis for membership, vj&j; a -personal faith in -Christ, through which -justification is restored and eternal life is imparted to the 5one^ Believing ; also that we have adopted the jjame views of Church poUty; and further, that our Lord's will is that we should manifest dor teal oneness so far as we possibly can without sacri- \ firing our convictions of truth and obligation ; also that all acknowledge 'the advantages of union, 'both for purposes df consolidation, edi fication, and extension ; knowing also that the single peint of tangible ^difference between the two' denominations -concerns the -ordinance of baptism, and that we are taught lathe New Testament to respect each others' conscientious convictions, and to receive each other to mutual fellowship on the ground of God's having received vus ; and that this principle of mutual forebearing love should be practically exhibited in relation to the administration of baptism ; . . - . -''.. *' Resolved— That this Association suggests the appointment of a Conference of -brethren of both denominations po consider -the desirability and feasibility of the amalgamation of both de nominations tinder some such -name as -The Church of South Australia.5' ' , ? The Bev j£ 7L. tvqK ''-said, lie was- glad the motion was .going to be withdrawn. ; He should like to Bee a union, rand he regretted, although there was no remedy for it, the exis tence of denomrnationalism. - : But he was sure the motion, if pressed, would .cause such a contention as. was. seldom heard of. The Bev. J. L. Fassoks was sorry the motion Was to be withdrawn, for he was -not afraid of their foundations being examined, and of test ing the points of difference between the two .denominations. At any -rate a -Conference would do no harm, for right and truth would prevail, and an opportunity would '-be given for the hearing of- the aigzunents-'^r' and against the proposition. Mr. KENTISH thought Mr. Mead had 'acted rightly an withdrawing the motion. The Bev. 'Mr. : Storehouse regretted that the motion was to be 'withdrawn, for 'he really believed Buch. a ConferenceworfLd Abe of essential service just bow; He ihoaght all their Congregational brethren— at least, nearly all of them — and they themselves were right, bat what had they to fear ? Suppose aflame was started up, it would do something towards . removing their bigotry— a consummation de voutly to be-wished for. 'Mr. White expressed a wish, that they should have peace, jiot war. If Mr. Parsons wished to discuss *he matter, why not bring it up before the Evangelical Alliance ? The Bey. Mr. Parsons pointed out ? that the constitutions of .that body would permit of no auch disenssipn. Mr. W. X. THOMAS expressed his regret at the withdrawal of i&e; motion; and after some farther dis cussion the motion was finally withdrawn, and .the matter dropped. ; ? r ?; DELEGATES TO THE OONGBEGATIGNAI. UNION. ?: The Bev. J. L. PAES0N6 moved that the £evs. J. M. Day and J. Price be delegated to attend the annual meetings of ^the Congrega tional Union to express an interest in its work, and to convey iour fraternal greetings. The Bev. H. IaTwk seconded, ;and the motion was carried. , ???' ~°' ?????? j--. -- ?- .... -: : -: v;-?^ENlk-J%M|S!3!rKGS. : : oj In the .-evening tea-anil public meetings, twin numerously' attended, were held in the ChapeL The public meeting was presided over by Mr. J. A. Holden. Afier devotional exercises had been engaged in, -.-? '„. :. The Chatrwatt, having expressed big pleasure at seeing such aJarge attendance,- saidjis was sure, they would all- join with him in. an er presBion of thankfolneeB for the services of the past few days.. They had bees very serviceable to iim, and he considered that any meetings - of 'this kind, bringing them as they did into direct personal inter coarse one with another, must end in good. They required to know each other' more inti. rflcvtely, and as they lived too far Away in many instances to allow of their .seeing one another frequently, -these meetings igave them an ex cellent opportunity for bo doing, and renewing their intercourse. ? ;AiI who iad attended their meetings had doubtless : been struck with the kindness -and good fellowship manifested throughout. They had been ^anxious to pre serve this, and when any disagreements arose they had been ready to give way to rebuke; He then mentioned the business of the even ing, and concluded by expressing a hope that they would all go away rejoicing, and that the spirit of Christian fellowship which had been fostered and increased by their meetings would still continue to exist throughout ' the? year. (Applause.) He then called on -- The Bev. D. Badger, who read the follow ing report, &c.; : — 'We have received to- day reports and letters from 25 churches. ; They are for the most part of a mingled character— cheering in one aspect, but discouraging in another. In every instance, save one, the letters re&r; thankfully to the Bpintof brotherly love^which has prevailed daring the year. And many refer to the clearer perceptions of the doctrines of grace to which the members have attainel, and their consequent happiness and power as children of God. . One pleasing 4eature-=ia'the letters- -sent in is that everywhere there js a growing interest in 'the Bible classes eBtabliBiied, and a* pmewhat increased attendance^at the ordinaiy meetings for prayer. , ... ... ? . ; - 2 'Although :' many Churches , have peculiar difficulties to^ontend^rith, yet their letters are expressive of joy and confidence, f-. .?--. ^ i ' One rejoices in the settlement of a pastor, and gives its-testimony to the success of the * weekly offering1 as a means of collect ing funds for Church purposes. . Another Church^adds its testimony to the power and efficiency of what is termed 'the envelope system' in gathering the contributions of the people, and also Tef era to increased attendance at public worship, the Sunday-sohool,' 'and other means of grace. 'A Church rejoices in -its removal from an old chapel to a more commodious place of meeting, in many conversions among the young, and in believers entering-more fully into, the enjoyment of their privileges as those * in Christ.' - ? - 'Statistically ftie Sundayschools show a slight increase in teachers and scholars. 'One Church has been received info the Association— that atj Auburn. 'All the Ohjirches where the Agent of the Association (the Bev. B. Parkin) has been laboring, refer thankfully to his devoted and efficient labors. The services of what is termed the Lay-Agents are everywhere spoken of as being highly appreciated. '- ' : / ?- - -'-V 'The discouraging side of the letters' gene rally, lies dn this— Pemudary embarrassment, and fewness of conversions to God. . It does, seem strange that in connbotiqn with increased knowledge and happiness among the people of -jk-d.;Wie,should have few oonverslonB to God. Surely this is a matter demanding .attention, humility, prayer; ~ -£. ~A ' ; . / \- 'ADBtract or tne Membership of the Churches :— Immersions, 168 ; increase fromthe world, Ip8; increase from other Churches, 149; loss by death, 10 ; loss by dismission, 91 ; loss by erasure of names, 34 ; loss by exclusion, 11 ; non-resident members, — . Total number,. 1,479. Total increase, 108.' The Bev. S. Mbad next delivered an inte-, rB8ting4ddresK He commenced by stating that: Mr. Burks Jiad passed from student life into direct pastoral responsible duties: and tiie Association that evening, took distinct Cognizance of tike' step. The object of the address was both for the encouragement of Mr. Birks and the profit of the^nembers of their' -Jh\irch»s. A wide range of, subjects presented themselves, ' bearing directly on a minister's entrance upon his higV and solemn work, and he quite agreed with Hy. Ward Beecher's striking words, recently uttered,? concerning the exalted character of a minis-' ter's calling. Those words were: — 'if I could go _back 30 years and commence m? life again in preaching, ' whether in .the, Jbackwoods or in— the- city, in 'poverty or in wealth,- in a log cabin or ina'palace,^ would choosethe pulpit again, whether! could do any. good ^or .not, -simply -for my own enjoy raent. ;Oh,.may ,you find '.this enjoyment ;'may you be rewarded. ? When we think not^nly of the^njoyment andspleasure oBSaibed in 'this world from-i^mintstiy, but also of the glorious reward, jn. Heaven, we cannot but be convinced %at.thju?j8 the, profession of professions to7 be, Chosen.- :^hereris no cottier work like this in' theTWorld^: no other -commerce so clean, wluch gives thoughts that are so -oly ; nothing that; makes it «o pleasant to* wbik in this world; thjs^iirk jrlU,Jairing -others- as well as wut selves to the. ?woild to oome.' 'The special' object to which he^wbuld' call their attention would b© this—the HolyfiJpirit regarded as -the inBpirer of ., a/ .minlBter's life, conversation, prayera, land preaohing. It was an axiomatic iruth;«f tiie Gospel that thsir Christian life5 in its first elements -was born of the Holy Spirit ; and an equally^andamental truth, immediately^ wnsfiqo.ent on the possession.of this Christian life, ^that ?the H-ily Spirit took up His divine and unceasing abode in them. This was ac cording to Christ's promise, and, 'being 4he7 privilege of aU saintSishould^tehiBld^ special consolation lay eve^y, truejniiiiBter'of Christ.: ^Qkving to^hed on ihe inspiration of the Holy Spirit attordeol'to^men in times^tast, he asked, why should not&B;«mbaBsa)aorgbf ChHstnbw be, eqnaHy filled with the Holy Spirit, 'and pointed .out Jhat-jxotiuag- -hindered- tms excepting -their own unbelief. Allusion was next made to the baptism of the Holy' Spirit, and it was stated that it was this Divine fire which was. brought down from -Heaven that ministers and Churches needed. It was not huge candles burning on adorned altars, nor manufactured incense, but men from and of God, truly and richly baptised in the Holy Spirit and in fire. Firstly, he would consider a minister's life and what ought it to be. In answer he said just as the Holy Spirit would make, it— Christlike. Through the Spirit and by faith Christ was seen to be the all sufficient basis of a lifelong holiness— the Alpha apd Omega, the centre and the circum ference, '? the foundation ''aad' the topstone of a holy life. In answer to the %ueiy— is not such a; Jife -hard to live — he answered No, if t&y; were divinely baptised in the Spirit and in iira- , He pointed out tiiat the holy life of ja -minister was the most powerful and eloqnent^Bertnon which could he preached, and; expressed his thankfulness that God had opened* their young brothers' -eyes to see clearly the', divine method and means for living a holy life. He drew his attention to the fact that his -suc- cess in- the Lord's vineyard would largely de pend jon his living as became a saint and a. minister of the holy Gospel. With regard to the second point— a minister's conversation. — he advised his .young brother to speak as the Spirit gave iim utterance. It was the pro vince of the Blessed Spirit to ,be with his mouth even as God promised to i-e with Moses in the matter of speech. Through unbelief, Moses failed personally in- obtaining thsu proffered gift^-tnrough Mth might he ; herein daily succeed. The next point alluded' to was prayer, the advice given being that more attention should be paid to its quality than quantity, and that in the most real sense et his whole life be a; life of wise and success ful intercession in the Spirit, fourthly- and lastly, he touched on preaching, which was, he thought, the work of an ambassador of Christ. With regard to this, he said, the real and f; divine power of preaching was not- -measurable by the amount of feeling produced on I the emotions, nor the de free of thought awakened iu the interest, but by the degeee of the Spirit's quickening, power accompanying the truth conveyed to the souL Every truth of God- they preached should first be in. them as ia-uth made clear by the Spirit. He .concluded by. Baying -that.- they often heard npiisters praying to be, filled with the Holy Spuit, t-ut not one in a thousand was heard praising God on account of bis prayer laving, feeen jLterally; answered. He exhorted his young brother to be not afraid to believe that for him to he filled with- the Holy Ghost was' impracticable, but rather that it was a blessed privilege to.be realised through an un faltering and full faith. (Applause.) ' 'Mr. TJlfcKB, in accordance' mth .a xequest, came on Jihepl&tform; and the Chairman of the Association (the 'Bev.; Mr. Day) advancing, clasped his hand; eayingj— My dear Brother Birks, as representing the Association.. though in no formal way, , but in all brotherly love and sympathy, I give you the righthand of fellow ship, and may the Iiord Jesus. .Christ be with thy spirit. The Lord be with you. Amen. The Bev. S. Mead theff offered prayer, espe cially supplicating God's blessing on their new brother. ;. .-..; ? = . : . . . The Rev. H. 3. XiAUbebt.- expressed his thankfnlnesB - fer the meetings of the last few days, which had been characterised by a deep and earnest spirit, . and had constrained many of them to pay afresh the vows of consecration to God. Their attention during the past few daySjhad been confined to some of the higher principles of the Gospel, and he would now say & few words to the members of their Churches ; — not ministers/ but. to those who shared with them ail the privileges of the Gospel— of the blessings .which came to them from the love. of God 1b recreatiflg themselves, and making them as sons of 't3od 'and lieirs of . Heaven. He pointed out that they weie servants, and were bound to li?e a life of service, for the life and love of -God would iave lao' effect if riot* expressed. ' Ohrist said, ' Go and preach the Gospel,9' 'Oo work w myvine yaxd,' and they, were .bound Jo recognise their, responsibility and devote themselves io the faithful discharge of their duties. Thousands in this . city were giving themselves to pleasure and this accumulation of wealth, slaves of ; sin, and-in the depths of hell, and they, 'as Chris tians holding God's truth, wfe*e b^dflen to preach that, 3iayuig for their consolationf the promise that it would riot return unto them void. And if- there was to'' be success in this work, he thought they should commence with a defi nite object and carry it forward with power, not rushing on spasmodically, hut : going ; straight on, steadily forward, like an advancing army, and though they migh meet with' repulses, yet they should thank God for what they had achieved, and 'return to the work with double earnestness and singleness of purpose. They should measure God's truth and act rip to it — not unnaturally, but faith fully, earnestly, prayerfully, and at once. (Applause.) . . s .-??'? The Bev, H. L. TuoK was gratified to know that they were growing, not altogether as a de nomination, but as -the Baptist Association. They had-., been called Baptists, and there had been some talk of a change— of a union. Well, he hoped, whether that came to pass or not, they would still hold the truth. (Hear, hear.) They, as Christians, should see that their whole -life and behavior, gave force to what they expressed.' \WWx ' xespect to the union, the best way was for every separate and dis tinct denomination to . follow out- its particular course. ' They might travel-in different ways in this world, bnt it was to be hoped they would finally, succeed in reaching Heaven. (Applause.] The Bev. J. E. PAsao»S made a short but sound address, charging them during .the next year to be watchful for souls, liberal for the! Lord, arid to be faithful to and oourageous for the cause of CShrist. j .The proceedings then dosed. A collection made during the evening Amounted to^about '£*& ... ; ' 