MELBOUEyS. (ma OCB on cnnmmKR,; InEsaay Frienicg. It is not often that the asureracrw cf ha Majesty's birthday ii sgsalssed ir Victoria br " Qssec't weather," bat fextcnateiy for pleature Wfhn in the rr pita7 the present (me hzs formed a decided exception to the rtie. so wnr-A so in fact thai it would be hard to etocsrc a more en- JOJlbtft twiff 01 toff fitE35p3fiTE (S£S vfcldk has beo: experi pored here to- dty. Tie morning broke dsS and foggy, bowerez, and it was cot until about tea o'doek feat e old Sol" begix to smile Ms brightest and in display tosh unmistak able signs of good humor u to tan osx dty and suburban population upon the qri tire for out-of-door amusements. Sor woe the gnod folks of this neighborhood slow to ataII thsmarirec of the holiday weatha thus oppor tunely woochaafed to ftw Long before noon on cUceU woe almost deserted, and thonsaudt were lea ring town in er-ery direction. Amongst the ruion attractionc offered to those whs were oe pleasnrs bent, by far the moat eatieine ose was the Grand Volunteer Beriew in the Albert Park, and thither accordingly the great majority of the boidi day-makers wended tbrir wax — some by %aE,sooebyraii. but perhaps mors ttili on foot. At noon there could cot haye been less than 15,fiC>3 persons ots the ground, but ootwithstanfirg the large attaadance, the ample space aTailabie fsr tiie public prerented aoythiug tike iucoiiT€Eie7t crowding, and ail were able to enjoy the spectacle; and a ray pretty sight it cotainlr was — the new scarlet uniforms of a portion of the vo'tmteaa showing to great advantage under a bri'iiart sun shine, and contrasting finely with the soba greys and dark blues of otha corps cf our tittle army. Soon after eleven o'clock the niias corps marched on to the ground preceded by their bands playing lirely airs, and I think it may be safely asserted that, regular troops apart, it would cot be easy through out the world to equal the soldierly beans? and preefsoo of movement manifested by our volun teers to- day. The several country corps were well represented. and they were by no meant be hind their metropolitan brethren in this or any otha respect. They accordingly came in for then- due share of public praise and admiration. His Excellency the Governor and ins staff reached tbe ground a fie w minutee before twelve o'clock, the troops having previously formed in line. Aralute of twenty -one guns was then fired from die battoy at Prince's Bridge, and answered by the Seleou at ha moorings in the Bay. Tbe troops then fired s fern, it foie with admirable pesaeoe, Hit Excellency afterwards riding up and down the fine, the united bands playing the Hatioual Authess in excellent style, amidst loyal cheers from the ranks. The troops then marched past, performing come battalion movements, and farmed squares in a manner which called forth the marked commendation of hie Excellency. The total number of men cm the ground, including about 109 men of tbe 18th Begimeut, was calcu lated at upwards of 1600. and so far as I have been able to ascertain, no esafrefewpf occurred to nor the day's proceedings. Tbe review termi nated at one pxn, after which the troops marched back to town, prraaringfiie same good crda that had hhamdaised sbem throughout the morning. Tins afternoon the streets cf this city presented a very animated appearance, owing to the large Eimbs of volunteers in their various uniforms, who were to be seen in every direction. The great point of attraction, however, especially fa country visitors, was tee new Boyal Arcade, where, in contradiction to the ordinary rule amongst our shopkeepers on the Queen's Birth day, all the places of business were wide open in the hope of attracting a few extra customers from tiie holiday folks. After tiie Volunteer Beriew, his Excellency the Governor held a- levee at the Exhibition Building. There was a tolerably large attendance of swallow-tail coated citizens at the ceremony, but not quite ao many as on tis last occasion of a wwriififf There we a much better attesd&ace; than usual at the Groxton Bark races to-day. It was brought, however, fay the fine weather and tee absence of counter attractions more than by tbe sport that might be looked for. There was hardly a horse that started that might be said to b in good farm, and some of them woe evidently just off grass with their winter coats on The coarse was soft, and in some places heavy therefore the time in which the races were run could be no criterion of what the horses could do on firmer ground. For tbe Maiden P.ale tee five entered went for the money. Musidora, tbe aged mare, was tee favorite, and won tee race well with Starlight (flogging) second. The others woe ail behind. The Selling Handicap came next, and tee Hermit won it with Mr Waldock's Moonbeam close up on tiie inside running, and Black Bess third, running gamely. In this race Gasometer bolted off the course, and ins rider (Exon), in trying to hold him, sprained bis wrist. The Croxton Park Handwwp was put down to Honna; but tbe few who put their money on the 0 propper" Saladin won their money easily. Chieftain and be ran together after tiie first mile for about a distance, and then tiie grey horse let out, and came in a winner by lengths. Giieftaia second, aud Monkey (ridden without whip or spur) third. The Silling Baoe was a good one, and was won by Gasometer, with Chance a good second on tbe inside running, w hi cli Gasometer only took from him a fewyards from tbe poet. A Consolation Handicap aud a Hack Bace were to follow; hot, at the time the former was to have started, there were no horses out. Amongst the notables present I saw Mr aud Mrs Chalies Matthews, and Mr Matthews, jon. Mr John C3 eland was judge, and Mr S. Waldock acted as starter. A Bmooux's Viszr to the "Bapfeks."— A Dntch widower, out West, whose better-half departed on a long journey to the spirit land some months ago, determined the otha day to consult the _ " Kappas," and endeavored to obtain a spiritual communication, feeling anxious respect ing the future state of his wife. These "Sappers" -were not the genuine "mediums," but a bogus kind Adventurers endeavoring to reap a harvest out of the late mysterious developments. After the natial ceremonies, the spirit of " Mrs tiauntz" manifested by rapt its willingness to converse with ha disconsolate spouse. " Tee, dearest, it, is your own wife, who " " One tarn lie ! you tevil of a ghost!" interrupted Hennta, starting from his sent; " mine frau speak netting bat Deutdi; and die never said tearest io her life. It was always 'Haunts you tief 1" or 'Hsnntz, you tirty achkampl' " and the Dutchman hobbled from teeroom, well satisfied that tbe "rapping spirits" woe all humbugs, and that he was eafa from any further communications with his shrewish frau on this earth. What is the difference between the Prince of Wales, a bald -beaded aid man, an orphan, or a gorilla ? The Prince is an heir apparent, tiie bald- headed man has no hair apparent, the orphan has nary, parent, and the gorilla has a hairy parent. While tiie Maine Legislature was vacillating over the question of attending the Feabody fu neral a respectable member from the back coun try raid— "Mr Speaker, I am disgusted with tiie eoodaet of tins House.- This funeral at Portland Is goingtofaeu great affair, hut when I see this House a-tetering and nee sawing, at if it didn't know its own mind, I declare I wish Mr Feabody hadnt dted." 