SPORTING. THE WATERLOO RACE MEETING. Stewards—Sir John Morphett, Hon. John Baker, Messrs. J. Formby, J. H. Parr, and B. Holland. Judge—Mr. JP. B. Coglin, M.P.. Starter—Mr. W. D. Fisher. Racing in any form is welcome nowadays, and a whole afternoon's sport, with five well-contested events, is a thing to be remembered. ;ItJ has never been admitted for a moment that the" sporting spirit had vanished from our midst; but the evidences of its existence had become so feeble that it was positively refreshing to see a good programme issued for "Waterloo Day," ana a favourable response given to it. Looked at in its best light our condition in a racing point- of view is very deplorable, but it is not utterly desperate. We allow our big neighbours to treat us with deserved contempt, and even our little neighbour Tasmania to overshadow us. But when a few energetic men suggest a promiscuous meeting, and go to the trouble of arranging all preliminaries, we do them the honour to recognise their efforts. Those who have horses handy consent to run them, and the public goodnaturedly consent to see them run, especially if they are able to do it on the (heap. How long our enthusiasm is to be confined within such narrow limits it is hard to say. The Jockey Club has been defunct for a time that may almost be counted by years, and yet no effectual effort to resuscitate it has been made. We pitifully allow stray scratch matches to represent amongst us the noble institution of horse-racing. The success of the Waterloo day must have awakened amongst many longings for a revival of old times. The weather was glorious, and the East Park Lands, with their verdant livery^ brought back "the memory of many a pleasant Spring -Meeting. Few sqjhts - could' be prettier than that which the Old Adelaide Course a,t this season commands. The hills in the distance are clothed with young 'grass, the fields between are rejoicing in their burden of spring-, ing corn, while the park itself is carpetted with green, and set off with rows or clumps of flourishing gums. Mr. Coglin may look with pride at the land of which he is lessee, albeit he has seventeen hundred golden reasons for having his gratification tinged with melancholy. His anticipations of the kindly sympathy and co-operation of his sporting brethren have been rudely dispelled. In his ardour'he schemed and fenced, he planted and builded; but so far he has done nothing but construct monuments of his own sanguine disposition. We wish him well out of his difficulties, and hope that he may yet see all his wishes accomplished with the aid of men in whom the sporting public have confidence. He has shown his sincerity by staking a good round sum in solid cash upon the Course, and the sooner he can come to some arrangement for handing it over to a responsible Jockey Club the better it will be for all concerned. There must be mutual concession before so desirable a consummation can be brought about. But to return once more to the special races of Saturday, June 18th. For such an occasion there was a large muster of spectators—not less, it is estimated, than from 1,500 to 2,000. Even within the Grand Stand enclosure sporting men congregated in force. Of ladies there were few, but of gentlemen identified with sport there were scores. His Excellency ^the Governor and his Aide-de- Camp arrived early, and there were also many members of Parliament and well- known colenists. All the etceteras of a regular meeting, were at hand. There were booths and betting, policemen and their special detestation—small dogs and small boys. Oneortwobookmakers,who, with a speculative audacity worthy of a better cause, had come from Melbourne, were also on the field striving, and to a large extent in vain, to get up a furore. The transactions entered into were of a very guarded character, not at all calculated to make the winner or ruin the loser. The horses were for the most part brought to the post in first-class condition, and the strict punctuality observed is worthy of all praise. Mr. W. D. Fisher was the real manager of the whole affiair, and although in his new character of starter he did not achieve peculiar success, in every other capacity his zeal and attention contributed very extensively to the success of the sports. The Maidens were run off before the bulk of the company had arrived, so rigidly was the advertised time adhered to. This race is memorable as bringing into prominent notice Mr. G. Baker's gelding Paul Jones. Although not full-bred he has the Conrad blood in him, and promises to make a little stir before completing his career. It is not many months since he was embarked to cross to India. Whilst in his stall he attracted the attention of His Excellency, who detected in him points of excellence, and at his suggestion he was slung on to the wharf again. He carried off the Maiden Plate with the greatest ease, although his right to it has been disputed, on the ground of his being entered under age. Whether or no, his style of running gained for him public favour to such an extent that he rose to a premium for the Wellington Cup, although he was pitted against two old stagers and another likely winner. Monk, through his achievements in the steeplechase and his late victory over Pick-me-up at Thebarton, has well nigh obliterated the memory of his old eccentricities. He has improved wonderfully under Alford's care, and the manner in which ne carried through the work cut out for him on Saturday was a caution. The course was a three-mile one with 14 fence jumps, some of them real raspers 4 feet 9 inches high, but he never hesitated at one of them. Whitefoot came almost up to him in style, but he failed to keep it up, and lost his chance, even dropping behind Dinah, who after two or three spills and a good deal of awkward jumping, atoned for by a few well cleared fences, won the race in, and so got second place. LauncelOt, naturally formed upon an elephantine model, was more clumsy than usual, ana dashed at the fences in a haphazard way that altogethe confused his rider, although it did nofshake his courage, for when his chance was hopelessly at an end he persisted ingoing the double round. Topthorn, in spite of the extent of daylight he shows under him, did not distinguish himself. He persevered, however, and had the satisfaction of eventually rnning home after doing all that it was his duty to do. For the future, Monk, all being well, will be despised in no steeplechase field that he chooses to present himself in. The Wellington Cup was prettily won by Paul Jones, who was very carefully ridden by H. Boe. Paul is a lightish bay, and has the outward seeing of a racehorse, although gt not wanting in marks of his imperfect pedigree. He is the medium size, and runs with a free steady stride. He is quiet and tractable, and was destined for a hack, but is likely now to be reserved for better things. Cupbearer, who ran against him, has evidently of late been living on the fat of the land; but his condition, which told so well for his looks, told badly upon his pace. He went well for about a mile and a half j but at the end the younger horses got the better of him. Old Cedric was sleek and in good blood, but the distance was too great for him. He pluckily kept in front for a mile, and then left the others to fight it out. Lonsdale was not particularly fit. At starting he was seen to be suffering under rather more than the ghost of a limp, but after all he made a good fight of it, and only gave a few feet of vantage ground to the blue and white stripes. Appropriately enough the Duke of Wellington carried off the trials, although not without a severe struggle; his apponents, Darkie and Cupbearer being jealous of their ancient honour, and a new chum, Pirate, being ^ambitious to obtain an early fame. The Hacks,* after a sharp set-to between four out of the five competitors, fell to Coquette. The sports commenced at 1, and closed shortly after half-past 4, so that the public had daylight to return home in. We subjoin particulars of the race:s— FIBST EACE. Maiden Plate.—For horses that have never won public money. A sweepstake of 5 sovs., 2 sovs. forfeit, with — sovs. added. Weight for age. One mile. Mr. G. Baker's b.g. Paul Jones, by Conrad, out of Fanny, 4 yrs. (H. Boe) 1 Mr. P. McEnhill's b.g. Flying Dutchman, . 3 yrs. (Shugg) 2 Mr. J. Harvey's b.f., 3 yrs. (R. Hussey) ... 3 This race created very little excitement, and there was nothing known to lead the betting. Paul Jones headed at an early stage, and won with the utmost ease, never having been pressed from first to last. There was a struggle for second place; but the gelding contrived to attain it, coming in half a dozen lengths after Mr. Baker's colours and a couple in front of the three-year-old. - The time was very cautious— 2 min. 3 sec. for a mile. Mr. McEnhQl protested against Paul Jones on the ground of his age being understated. SECOND BACE. Steeplechase.—Sweepstake of 7 sovs., 3 sovs. forfeit, with — sovs. added. Handicap. About three miles. Mr. Maloney's br.g. Monk, by Croupier (bred ; by Mr. H. B. Hughes), aged, 11 st. 12 lbs, ' (Alfotd) 1 Mr.jW. V. Brown's b.m. Dinah (late Seagull), 6 yrs., 10 st. 7 lbs. (J. Williams) 2 Hon. J. Baker's b.g. Whitefoot, aged, 10 st. ; 5 lbs. (H. Boe) 3 Mr. J. P. Williams's b.g. Topthorne, aged, 10 st. 12 lbs. (J. Tunstall) ... 0 Mr. A. L. Gordon's b.g. Launcelot, aged, ; 12 st. 1 lb._(Amateur) ... . ... ... 0 An even tener on the field was freely offered, but not so freely accepted. Monk was favourite, the impression being that,- bar accident, nothing could touch him. Launcelot was not named as against him, but Whitefoot had his jfriends. Monk struck out for first place, and securing it valiantly kept it without making a isinglefavss pas to forfeit his title or discourage his supporters. Launcelot made a game dash for leadership, but plunged awkwardly at his jumps, and at the third fence shook himself free of Ms rider, and took his own pace until collard and brought back to resume the orthodox course. Dinah showed a disposition to strike work, baulking at the first fence, and giving place to Topthorn and Whitefoot, who kept abreast of-eachother for about a quarter of a mile. Mr. Baker's gelding soon got tired of the company, and getting up steam put himself within an easy distance of Monk. Nearly two miles out of the three were traversed by the pair with a distance of 200 or 300 yards between them. Whitefoot now and then drew on Monk at the leaps, but the wiry ecclesiastic mader up for it in the running. At last Boe in his eagerness slightly overdid the pace, and at - the lastjfence but two brought Whitefoot to the ground, leaving the coast clear for the favourite, who won amidst irounds of applause. Meanwhile Dinah had been doing unlooked for prodigies of valour. Having overreached Mr. Williams's lanky quadruped, the at the fifth fence overreached herself, and with her jockey fell prone on the other side. Quickly regaining her legs and recovering her jockey, she managed to get past the stand for the first time ahead of Topthorne. At the eighth fence she once more came to grief, but after a short delay renewed the race and overtook Whitefoot just as Boe had coaxed him on his legs. The two raced for home, but Mr. Baker's gelding had entirely lost his elasticity of step, and a vigorous application of whalebone failed to improve his spirits. Dinah got in second by half a dozen lengths. Whilst these events were in progress the Amateur had pluckily set out to retrieve his misfortunes, and although thrown out to the full extent of three minutes actually managed to pass Topthorne. Instead of keeping the course past the Judges' chair he leapt the fence into the saddling- paddock, leaving Tunstall the honour of fourth place. Time, 8 min. 36 sees. THIRD BACE. Wellington Cup.—A sweepstake of: 10sovs., 3 sovs. forfeit, with — sovs. added. Handicap. Two miles. Mr. G. Baker's b.g. Paul Jones, by Conrad, 4 yrs., 8 st. (H. Roe) 1 Mr. W. H. Formby's b.g. Lonsdale, 6 yrs., 9 st. 5 lbs. (Tothill) 2 Mr. T. Ryan's b.g. Cupbearer, aged, 9 st. 12 lbs. (W. Simpson) 3 Mr. J. Lamb's e.g. Cedric, aced, 8 st. 10 lbs. (Webber.) There was a good start, and for fully a mile the four kept close together, Cupbearer having a slight lead, and Paul Jones the last position. That distance accomplished Cedric dropped to the rear, and Lonsdale and Paul collaring s Mr. Ryan's veteran first of all raced with him neck-and-neck, and then crept ahead of him. At the commencement of the straight running it was impossible to say which of the pair had the advantage; but on nearing the Stand Mr. Baker's colours were discovered in the foreground, with Cup and Lonsdale fighting for second place; Paul Jones was landed at least half a dozen lengths ahead, Mr. Formby's gelding being second by a length. Cedric was hopelessly in the rear. The race all through was a pretty one, and the winner was well ridden. Time, 3 m. 58 sec. FOUBTH BACE. Trial Stakes.—A sweepstake of 6 sovs., 2 sovs. forfeit, with — sovs. added. Weight for age. One and a half miles. Mr. J. Jackson's b.g. Duke of Wellington, by Darkie, out of Minionette, byEgremont, out of Grey Bess, imported from Tasmania, 6 yrs. (Tothill) 1 Mr. Geo. Baker's b.g. Pirate, 3 yrs. (Boe) ... 2 Mr. W. Manuel's br.g. Darkie, aged (G. : Freeman) 3 Mr. T. Ryan's b.g. Cupbearer, aged (W. . Simpson). Mr. P. McEnhill's b.g. Flying Dutchman, 1 3 yrs. (Shugg). After a good deal of fidgeting the field got away tolerably well together. Cupbearer for a quarter of a mile or so was left a little in the rear, with Pirate leading, but at the north-west corner Simpson pushed ahead, leaving Flying Dutchman the honour of last position. There was a sharp struggle for precedence between Pirate, Darkie, Cupbearer, and the Duke, each in turn showing their heads in front, but shortly before entering the straight Cupbearer lost ground, leaving the contest to the other three. Ultimately thelron Duke wrestedthe laurels from Pirate, who hadbid fair for victory for two-thirds of the distance. A loud cheer greeted Tothill as he pushed past the Judges* chair about a length in advance, Mr. Baker's familiar blue and white stripes pressing close on his quarter, and Darkie immediately behind. Cupbearer followed at a more respectful distance, and the Dutchman dropped in a few seconds later. It was « capital race, and-at the finish caused no small show of excitement. Time—2 min, 59£ sec. FIFTH BACE. Hacks.—A sweepstake of 2 sovs., with — sovs. added. One and a half miles. Post entrance. Catch weights. Mr. McEnhill's c.m. Coquette (McEnhill) ... 1 Mr. H. Roe's b.g. Stride (McGarry) 2 Mr. Learnari's br.g. Tippoo (W. Brown) ... 3 Mr. S. Ferry's b.g. Cornet (F. Ward) Mr. E. Cartwright's c.m. Lady of the Lake (Cracknell). There was a little delay at the starting, Stride and another having made up their minds to try conclusions before acknowledging the competition of the rest. They had gone over fully half the distance before they were reined in and brought home. When at length the lot got off in proper style, the Lady, who had been clipped and drawn very fine indeed, fell lamentably behind. Stride had the disadvantage of a bad start, but soon drew up alongside of Tippoo and Coquette and Cornet, who were all together in the front. At the beginmng of the run the race appeared to be between Stride and Coquette, but the preliminary run told against the latter, and he not only yielded the palm to the mare, but allowed Cornet to creep in ahead of him. The Hon. J. Baker entered a protest against Tippoo and Coquette on the ground of their having won public money, and a similar protest was lodged by Tippoo's owner against Coquette and Stride. 