li-UT'ey- ' the' WAR. . ; : frrFiBLD HxENASir-Captain Furstenborg, o Gormori \- officer , of tbe lOth Regimonfc of HuBsars, who fell r wonnded on tho battlo-fiold of Gorze, and lay there through tho night from tho 18th to tho- 19Lb, states in a letter tbat wben, towards morning, lio bocamo \- . oonicious bo noticed several people inoviog about tho .field, and os oris of tliom ne.-ir.cd htm ho saw the red cross bsdgo on his arm. ' Ho wished to ory for .help,' -but the sight which mot his eyes effectually silenced him. Tho lettor then says : --'The man with the badge on his arm oalled throo other m<-n to &\- group of wounded and dead near where I was lyiug. Ono of tliem wos dressed ub u field ministor, ;.nnd the others had the hospital badge on thoir arms As they arrived at the group to which they were called, I saw them oommeneo with knives and scissors to. out open at the breast the uniform of every soldier -lying on the field, and when they camo- to .one not quiteidead. strangle him. If nothint was found iobout tvo breast, they scarohed the pockt ls and hands, and whenever a ring was found it was tnkrn ,off, and in- muny cases tho linger with the ring at- taobod was cut off Tho arliolos wore all Iianded over to the minister. The hyenas then ncared tbe pot where I lay. Painfully 1 tried to rise to call -for help, but tine uf tbe nion saw me, aud sprang at nie. I oalled out nt the top of my voice; two of the others then ran forward to act as sentinois. Fortunately I felt my six barrelled revolver lying at my ride. I took it up and fired ; the minister fell, and the three other men fled, but were, however, soon captured by the guard that came to my assist- nnce." At tho examioatiou it was proved that tho four men were fie|d hyenas, one of them being a well- to-do publican at Duron, the other threo being natives of Belgium, and engaged in the leadworks at Stollberg. There were found on them about 80 very valuable rings (in some of which I hero were still tlio cut-off fingers), and 300 watches, purses, ' ' and epahlotles Tho valuo of these articles is .eslir ' mated an 3d, OOU'tnalers. Tne prisoners were sent ou " to Cohlontz. " Ghosts from the Battle-Field." — The Paris oaf respondent of tho Daily Telegraph gives the fol lowing oocount of the return of a few troops from the xiai'-—1 There were from 150 to 200 mounted troops, in every kind of cavalry uniform, riding in the loosest of open oder, and mingled poll-mell with out distinction of uniform or grade, Tbero did not soem'to'bo any officers in command of tbis strange squadron: Cuirassiers, horss artillery, were nil tbero, higgledy-piggledy, battered, ragged, dusty, dirty.jsded, but Dot crest-fallen. Some were so fatigued that they could scaroely keep up in their saddles, and nodded till the plumes of their belmetB mingled with the manes of their horses, but they had still bold words to say, and foul scorn to hurl at the Prussian!- These spectral horsemen, those phantom dragoons, wore tho remnants of tho dofoat at Weis- eonburg. The corporal of hussars was the sole re presentative of a whole troop, those five lancers tbe only survivors of an entire squadron. Tbe rest bad perished in the fight, or lying badly wounded in hospital- - There is no wounded among these men who bad jnst trooped in from tho Eastern Railway Statfori7 and who wore on their way to the cavalry depot nt Grenelle to be " re formed." Indeed, they seemed to need reforming altogether, for unhurt soldiers in a more deplorable elate I never saw: They looked eminently wrrtehed. and for long days past had evidently been wholly divorced from soap, water, towels, and clothes brushes — to say nothing of blacking, heolbaU. polishing powder, pipoolny, end the other accessories of a smart cavalry soldier's toilet. Dinted back and breast plates, dinted ca-quee, smirched garments, lorn plumos, spatterdashes in- orusted with a fortnight's mud, and never a clean shirt; I ehuuld say, among tbe lot. Thus tbey oame back a ragged regiment. There woe about-these: fragments, and shreds, and scattered leaves whirled from the tempest-tossed battle field, something of ah; esseotiallv uosubstaotiol and ghastly character. They looked pale to. unsartbliness in the gaslight. Their steeds had a shadowy prtsence, and very soon, instrad of resuming their march in a body, those waifs and strays of war Ecattertd, and broke up j'in- twos and threes, and as o body dissolved. .1 found myself one of a group gathered round a solitary cavalier, a slim lad with a pale face, who was mounted on a big while horse. He was tho kind of statue to ask to supper without tho risk of fire and brimstone1 as a nightcap. He . was n trumpeter, aDd I fancy blew his own peculiar - instrument, oratorioally speaking, lustily. He told . us. that the Prussians w.ere smashed, riddled, blown: up, crushed, pounded; . into powder end (tamped out. . His own regiment,"' he-ssid; had sabred ' mountains. of men.' -So thickly ' was the ground oumbered with-dbad.Prussiaris tliat : the Frenoh artillerymen could scarcely wheel their, guns, along. They would havowonth'o dny'hadtlioy not been betrayed." A Gallant Ofeiceb— A oorrespondent of the Carbrnbe Zoilung gives an incident 'f In a hop plantation lay a company of the 95th ll'igiment'aod some, pioneers of the lllh Battalion, tho latter armed with the short-barrelled needle-gun.- Ti e' lioiitennnt-commander of these last was desoribed to me as a man of 'dauntless bravery and coolness ; and soino .'of his men related to me with admiration how, \- shortly bofore they bad to cross an unsheltered tract . under a hail of ' bullets, and os tliey ; involuntarily ran o'rouching and ducking down, he stalked;, along majestically and bold upright.:. To these -troops covered by ihe hops and tree trunks, present. ap- proaobed in gentle tret a splendid and perfectly fresh regiment of .Cuirasiiers. Until witliiira dis tance of fifty paces, wlien the French word .of com-: mand to push forward was oalled out, our men hold the Frenoh to bo Bavarians. : No further doubt was1 possible, and for the moment our position seemed a fearful- pne— it looked like madnsss to withstand these mosses of cavalry, charging :with i, uplifted sabres— fine,. statoly, ana, for the most part, gigantio figures, for a few infantry to witlistaud ; . and so our fellows turned to the right about to relire as : fast as possible. But our pioneer lieutenant stood firm, and oried out,; 'Children, are you going to leave me- here alone?' And his brave fellows instantly Btood still,- tbe infantry also, and at a few steps' distanco fired rapid volleys. Tne regiment was'hurled away as If byian earthquake— wiped out liko a /pencil-stroka with indlarubbrr. The few who oharged tHrough' wore shot down by other. 'troops. - About: 200, including lbs colonel and other officers, wore riia'do prisoners." The French Wounded in. Berlin;— It ren dered the French extremely , at their, oaae ,t > ho waited off by so many pretty arid elegant girls, who all fluently spa lie French. W;ben the ladies onms to a Turco they saluted him ''Sale m aleiknni ;" aad the oatonlshinq reply, " Alidiim;tialeni,'' was. given with the hand on tha heart.- The German soldiers who accompanied the prisoners were enthu siastic with regard to tho bravery with yrhich the Frenoh had fought after the Gaisberg had beo'n stormed. Tliey poiuted out fourteen men belong-; to tha 74th Kegiimrit' of the line, who wore the whole remainder of tlie regiment left s 'landing on the .battln- field, but who rafuicd io surrender, and who, deprived. of ammunition, kept on (fighting- at- the; point of the bayouot. As the Frusiians d d not like to; kill them, they.rushed at last in- a- body upon tlieni.and threw them down wrestling. -"Woim avoiis cherchc la mor.'," said one of them to mo.; Oomme.nolre ciloml, commc noire general, tloiii votta, lecheval', "The train had brought the horse; of. General Douay. "ask him," said a" Prussian private, " why .he thioks.thoy were overpowered." That whs a sngsoions question, and tlie reply. of the intelligent and well- bred Frenchman told the tnlo of tlio whole war. It was : — " Wo were too weak in number. Wo had (on an advanced post) neither cavalry nor suffi cient artillery with us, and finally, wo had no more munition." " That is tho tiling," said the Prussian, " ask him how many cartridges ho had got," " Eighty," wos tho Frenchman's reply. " Now tell - ' him that I, who had only sixty, had forty-five left when I took him ; und tell him tliat tho strength of nn army consists of inon and of cartridges, and thn- firing away eighty cartridges is just the same as lost ing a man, Tliey did very serious damage to us at tbe beginning— one regiment lost 000 nu-n ; but at tho expense of euob a oumbrr of shots thut we knew, they were more weakened than wo were." When this was explained, to tlio . Frenchman, lio .said, "I know it too, but too late. We never before Imvo fought against such troops ns yours. We must not any longer skirmish, as wo lmva been accustomed to." —Times CofrcsDondent The PnussitN Fikld-xvst - The Field-post, which is without any exception tho greatest blessing fhat a Government ever gave nil army, is composed us tollows:— Eaclicorp'd'iirmceli.-isuheudpostmosfor un- der whom are the following staff — Seven clerks uttuehed to the' office of the head-quarters, four at the head quarters of each division, and threo Willi llienrrillery of eac't corps. Beside this, he has fourteen loltor- sortsrs and seventeen postilions. The head-quai'ior stall" post of u corps d'annoe has two waggons, "no cbuiss, and ous fourgon. The first ply with tire letters, tho second carries the postmaster arid his second when off the match, as well as small parcels ; and the third carries tho' luggage,-,- ouch, as tables, chairs, eorting-boxos, etc., nooeasary for the dispatch of bnsiriess. Each division of caoh corp hss tho same equipment, with the oxception only of tho chaise. In. order to give additional facilities to the soldier to write to his Iriends, tlio authorities hove issued cards to : each, regiment on one tide of which; is printed— " Fold-post Correspondonz Karto. To (Address)." . . and on the other side tho letter is written .in pencil or ink. If in the fofmer, it is rendered porfeotly s; euro against being rubbed out by the application of a wet cloth across it, which, thanks to some prepara tion on the surfuce uf the card,- secures its legibility to the end of its journey. Tho number of letters sont off after a battle are . incalculable. It is_ in deed oalculuted tbnt every sixth poraqn left cooaoioUB writes. In order that every ohaneo of writing should be given, postilions ride over the field with cards: and a pencil the day after the battle, and any. wounded man who is still there pun either write or diclate his message home. I have soeo them myself holding up their arms to attract Ihe postilion's attention even before they wave for the ambulance, waggou,— Times- Correspondent. 