I DANGEROUS PRACTICAL JOKE. A charge which, however seasonable at a time that is supposed to bring spiritual manifestAtions as well as " good cheer," was in every way discreditable to the parties implicated, was hoard on Tuesday, before Mr. Bruce, at the Leeds police court. The case took the form of a simple assault, and three men were summoned, namely, Luke May, Alfred Woranop, and James Gregory, the complainant being a man named John Dilcson, who along with the dofendants is in the employment of Messrs. Croiadale and White loy,woollen manufacturersand spinners, School-close. In a small apartment adjoining the room in which the complainant had been worlcing was suspended a rope, and some of his companons had told him that with this rope a man had committed suicide, and that his ghost frequently haunted the place. About 5 o'clock on the evening of the 23rd November Gregory went to the complainant and told him he was wanted in the yard. During the complainant's absonce May dressed himself up to represent the ghost of the alleged suicido, and hid himself. When Dickinson returned the " perturbed spirit" in the small room uttered a variety of unearthly groans and then rushed into the presence of the complainant dressed in white, as is the fashion in ghostly circles, and wielding a hatchet-an article which the ghost of a man who had hanged himself was not likely to trouble himself with. The complainant was, however, too frightened at the moment to deal with natural causes, and Worsnop added to his terror by throwing a pitcher of water upon him. The result was that complainant fainted away and did not recover consciousness until aidnight. With the exception of a day and a half ho has not been able to attend to his work since. He is now suffering from loss of memory, and is said to ho getting worse. The defenco was that the complainant had compromised the matter by accept ing money from the defendants. In giving judg ment, Mr. Bruce said the appearance described was one at which anybody might well be alarmed. Although people did not believe in ghosts, they had nerves which were affected by apparations of this hind. With respect to what the fine should be, the defendants, it appeared, had estimated the damage done to the complainant at 2s. a piece, the sum they had subscribed to compromiso the matter. To frighten a man almost to death, however, at the expense of 2s. each wsss ono of the cheapest amusements he had over heard of, and too cheap a great deal to be warrnted by the Bench. le understood that each of the defendants earned from 20s. to 35s. a week, and he should therefore order them to pay a fino of 20s. each and costs, in default fourteen days' imprisotnment.-Leeds Mercury. 