Hr. A- J.Edsktcjds moved the postponement « ^«f the question until 2 o'clock on the following - ?iay. but bis motioa was negatived. I Mr. Thbcpf agreed with Mr. Farr that the c difficulty he had pointed out was very great. 1 They had not the appointment of their, future t Estops, and any Bishop sent out here would 1 bav« no authority over the clergy except by the 1 consensual compact. He objected to incorporate t the Church of England in this diocese, and said s the incorporation of the Synod would be far a preferable. Difficult as the incorporation of the t bynod was, he thought it might be attained if t ?tiey would undertake it with the risk pointed c , out by Mr. Farr.' Ha regarded the incorpora- s tion of the Synod oa a very desirable thing, and 1 he had no doubt the appointment of any future Bishop might be made subject to the Synodal 1 compact that they might enter into. In Mel- 1 bourse the difficulty had been removed by local \ . legislation : but New Zealand was suffering just s as thia colony was, and her representations 1 would aid them in satisfactorily arranging the matter. His LORDSHIP said there was no question that £ ' the idea of the royal prerogative extending to f this colony was a positive myth, and he felt sure c the Crown would not interfere with their pro- 1 ceedings. No more letters patent would be t issued, but the Archbishop of Canterbury would 1 be called upon to consecrate the person they might appoint as Bishop. The supremacy^ of j the Crown was confined to the legal establish ment, but as they did not belong to the legal s establishment their hands were not tied. This 1 was tie opinion of the highest legal authority.- ( It had been suggested that the question should 'i be tried, but this had not been done yet ... , Jlr. Colley's motion was carried. ? ? . .- STANDING COMMITTEE. . ? ; ? i ' The Scrutineers reported the election of tha' - following as members of the Standing Com- 1 mittee:— Clergy— The Very Rev. the Dean,' Arch- 1 deacon Marryat, the Revs. Canon Farr, Canon ( Dove, R. Reid, H. Read, and S. Green. Laity— 1 Messrs. N. Blyth, R. B. Colley, F. Wicksteed, i N. Oldham, O. B. Young, L. W. Thrupp, W. - W. Blyth, G. W. Hawkes, S. Toms/ W. J. ( , FuHarton, J. Winnall, J. Bath, G. M. Tiimbull, 1 ;and Dr. Duncan. Auditors— Messrs.- R. B. i Colley and G. W. Hawkes. Treasiurers-^Messrs. i ,'G. SL Turnbuli audH. Dutton. ^Secretary— llr. F. Wicksteed. ,??.*?;! ~ ... u'v- ' 1 ; '.. :..l ' « DUTIES OFCHUCHWARDEXS. : ! . - ?Mr. F. WlCKSTEED'moved— i .. * . . i j . ? .'. ? ( ' That a Select Committes be appointed to .-] frame' rules defining the duties of Church- 1 warden?, and a form of acceptance of office (the ; ' ' adoption of these to be at the option of Vestries), ] to report when prepared'to Synod, or, if ;out of *] session, to the Standing Committee, who shall - 1 have power to adopt, print, and circulate siich a { report and such forms.' /./,-; ' ' '1 ? * The motion was carried, and the following- i were appointed as the Committee: — Archdeacon : Marryat, Canon Dove, Messrs. Wicksteed, I Thrupp, aud Forster. ..,.'», , i ..? 1 EIJiCTIOS OFFUTUHB BISHOrS.; j ... *.. ' i ?? :; It was agreed that the debate' on ,the Com- 1 mitteo's report as to the election of .future i Bishops be deferred till the following day. _ ECCLESIASTICAL LIBRARY, v . , - ;1 \- ' '- ? The Very Rev. the Deax moved^— '.-!.' ' '.'That the report of the. Committee on the* ;i ' Ecclesiastical Library be adopted.'' ': ? ] ? -^ 'j h 'Archdeacon Marrtat seconded the motion,, ' 'and remarked that the value of books now. in : ; h^nd was about £200. The thanka of the Synod ;i were due to Mr. Russell for the books he had ' procured while in England. - .- j ( ? ? The motion was carried. '' . | POWER TO ALTER TRCST- DEED.}t i ' ' - .Mr. A. J. Edmunds moved— '' ;v i 'That the Vestryof St Paul's, Port Adelaide, . ,] be smpowered to so alter the trust-deed as to* ~i enable them to let the unoccupied glebe lands } ? belonging to that Church for a term not ex- 1 ceeding 99 years.' - 1 He would state a few of the grounds on which 1 the application was made. At present there - was a large piece of ground . that was not made t avaiablo for Church purposes, and they were 1 anxious to let it in order to derive some i pecuniary benefit from it. They were prevented - r from doing this, because according to the ] trust-deed they could not let it beyond 21 i yean, and unks3 they could give a longer lease - than this no one would erect buildings upon it. I It was said that they need not apply to Synod I for this power, but^ according to the deed this '? was necessary. The Vestry at Port Adelaide i had resolved that ft was advisable to give a i longer lease than 21 years, and they now came ] to Synod to obtain the necessary power to 1 carry their wishes into effect. . The Rev. S. Grekx said the Mover wished to 1 alter the term from 21 years to. 99 years. ; It 1 would not pay a man to put a good house on 1 the land if they could only give a lease of 21 years, but if they could issue a lease of 40 years 1 or more there would be some inducement to i erect a good building upon the property. The Incumbent was not excluded from any benefit in the property, but he waa.put last '. - ' Mr. Thbupp suggested that there should have been some formal applicationrfrom the Vestry at Port Adelaide. .. T ?„ | It was agreed to postpone the matter until the following day, so that this application might' be made. ' . 1 ; I * ? JUMSTEn'S LICENCE. ??.,...; _ . ; Dr. Forster asked who was ofnciaiincr'at '? Williamstown and Pewsey Vale, and1 whether such mimster had a licence from the Bishop. ' * ' '' His Lordship said the voting-paper answered the .question. It there stated that tha Rev. R. , B. Webb was the officiating minister, and' as' Mr7 Webb, was present at Synod ;he presumed he was duly licensed. . 'i :'??„ . ? i Dr. Forstkr was proceeding; 4a make some remarks respecting what had passed iu '?? Synod * last year, when .. .,r,hlr ! ?His Lordship stated he was*notin'brder,:andi ; could not address the Bynod uulesa^ie , yave notice of motion. : -;JvV ;^M j * ' ; Dr. Forster complained of the Bishop's par tiality amid cries of *' Order.' 'h ?'' ; ; His Lordship said' he had answered tlte ques tion, and Dr. Forster was out of order in hiakin^ any remarks. ? ' - ' ; !' - '?? - ?-'? Dr. Forster immediately.retiredfroni the vroom. ' . ' ?# '?'??'?;;?/-'? 'Vift.Vi ? '? T ?...,-. f, -, ,-MtSSipjrABY'cOMlIITtEE. : The Rev. Canon Farr moved— ?-, . ? ? ! . -, -'That- the ? following, members of - Synod be ; appointed a Missionary Committee = to- kct with. 'the Lord Bishop during the ensuing year^with* the name powere and1 duties as last: year:— Archdeacon Marrvat, Kev. Canon Farr, Mr. C. , B. Young, and Hf.G. W. Hawkes.' .'; i He .proposed the reappointment of the Com mittee at the request of the Bishop, and in pur suance of a resolution passed last year. - I , Mr. G. W. Hawkes seconded. ? '' . / ... Carried with an alteration- in form, siigjewted Ijy the mover. ,,. \\.';.:. , : \ ' V , .. .. CELEBRATION OF MARRIAGES. , ?, : w Tjhe ?? Rev. . S. Grekx , asked; His Lordship '.^whether he sent to clergy newly arrived in^the^ colony copies of the monition requiring that; ? marriages should not be celebrated at private houses without good and sufficient reasoujaud.. .whether the returus therein enjoined 'were, 'to the best of His Lordship's belief,,! ? w duly ., supplied. He had heard that a clergymen lately arrived in the colony, had - -not received copies of the monition. „' He hail met with some difficulties on account of irregu larities1 in the matter which were not warranted by thecircumstacces. The law of the bad was; _ ? unhappily at variance with the' law of the ' Church, and some clergymen did not seem to; knowit was their duty to follow the law of the . ' Church whilst not violating the law of the land. His Lordship believed the returns ''were : . regularly sent in, but would give a ^formal answer,. ' next day. ? ''.. ' ?-''': .',' | .:?-? -V ? ABoiJnoy of tew-retm:; .,f \ '.j... The Rev. S. Green moved— . . s ',} l '* That a Special Committee be .'appointed to consider how far it Lj practicable to abolish ? payments for sittings in the churches of thw Diocese, and that they refer their report when, prepared to the Standing Committee.'' : This, question had been brought forward last . ; Synod and very generally approved of, although t. :rout of consideration .for the clargy it was not . adopted. They must look upon the. church us ;- : God's^ house, and people should not be required , to p^ay before being entitled to take a scab in 1 their Father's hou^e. The present plan seemed ». to him. to* much like the tables of the money , changers, and he was not sure if it did not come within lie anathema of Him who had said, ' Make not my Father's house a (kn of thieves.' The great argument against aboii^hin^ the pew rents was that there was no other available way of paying tho clergyman. He should for h*- wn part sooner receive 3d*, as a voluntary ffenagthan 6d. or Is. aa an enforced pavment.' I this motion was carried he had no doubt they tral4 discover a far more satisfactory way of. udstaining the clergy. The returns laid before hem indicated that the pew-renta were to a irge extent a failure, and it was a fact that the oor were often debarred from coming to church ecause of the charge exacted. The sittings iould be made free, and the result would be, 3 he believed, that the clergy would get even a etter income than at present. He pointed out. hat the resolution committed them to no/ bange, but merely propwed that an attempt' aould be made to devise a new scheme for leeting the necessary expenses of the Church. The Lord Bishop remarked that the Synod ad come to the resolution that the offertory light be employed instead of pew-renta. : It ras therefore quite competent for Churches .to. dopt the offertory alone if they thought fit., 'he enquiry proposed could do ho harm. -, ' The Kev. Cason Dovs seconded. ' ! ? * Dr. Weld thought the mover should, at all vents, have pointed out some feasible substitute »r the pew- rents as* a means of paying *he lergy. (Hear, hear.) He was satisfied, from is experience, that the pew-renta did not keep. be poor away— {cheers)— 'and .they, should not e led away by a vague statement. ', ! . . The Rev. E K.' MitLER askad whether allthe, «ws were to be free, and none assigned!' ( The Rev. S. Greek, in answer to questions, aid his only object' was j. to jappoint*a jCom-. dttee. _ If he had had a reasonable plan of his wn;he should have uitrpduced it wiihout asldcg or a Committee^ . V* ? ..?;.?'; ?:?? 'v' ! .-.???? Mr. S., Toms should oppose the appointment f;a Committee, because he regarded* thepresent ^ a most injudicious time to introduce the luestion. , Mr. .Green - seemed ; toe have 'over- ooked' the fact that in some 'churches (there rare seats specially -- provided - for -'the ? poor, ffear, hear.) If they did away with 'pew-rents te was sure there would be ' a . great failing off a the incomes of their clergyman, j If/ how ver, -Ir. Green would try his proposal himself luring the next year, and it. proved successful, ie would be able to come before' them at the lext Synod with a very niuch'strohgerlargu u'eni than he could nowadvance. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. W. Havtkes thought it was very lesirable to make their churches free, if they ould, and in order .thbrbughly to ventilate the [uestion he should support 3Ir. Green's motion, 'ew-rents gave a special adfantage' to the rich, rhieh should be.avoided if possible..,- ' ' The Rev. Canon Dove opposed the system of pew-rents because it was antagonistic to the principles of the Reformed Church. He believed that pews were introduced by the Puritans. (Laughter.). He should like to see all the names taken off the pews, and the churches made free alike to all. It was a well-known fact that the working classes had left them as a mass— (cheers)- and in this colony they had got into the habit of selling the Gospel at so much per foot, just as they sold gas.' (A laugh: ) He had much pleasure - in supporting Mr. Green's motion. The_ Rev. R K'.; Miller agreed with the wish p' bring the poor into their churches!, but ha. hould: not like to do away altogether with the ystem which enabled a man to taka hisjfamfly 0 a -regular pew every Sunday. What they, ranted- was toblend the voluntary system with 1 stated income, and before doing anything they ho'uld have a ba8B,td go upo'n^ .., .*,*,, [ \- The Very Rev. Dean RuijSEix said he should ;o with the motion, although* ho was not san guine as to it3 result. (Hear, hear.) At his iwn church last' year the offertory realized ibout £300, and he did-not sae how-he could -ay. all.. his. debts as things were if^ he relied ^together upon the offertory, and' did away rith the pew-rents. He thought, however, it rould be well to appoint a Committee to en quire whether they coold not ' devise' a better ystom of raising the ministers' stipends. Hear, hear. ) It might be found that voluntary ubscriptions might be obtained in place of pew eats, and he did not think the arrears from be former would be greater than the arrears of the latter. He did not agree, with Mr. )ove that' the Church of England had lost its hold upon the working classes, for the bulk of his own Church consisted of those classes. Hear, hear.) When, however, there were three Dissenting places of worship within a stone's throw of his own church, at- each of which there were no pew-rents' to pay, the faithfulness of his' people in .such times as the present was put to the test, and he should like, f possible, to do away with this test. ' \ ' - ? Mr» Coixsf. should support, the motion, and ie advocated a system of raising, by subscrip ions the stipends of their ministers. ^This had )een tried at Glenelg with great success. I The. Rev.-S. Green was perfectly willing to ry the abolition of pew-rents in his own church,1 f his Vestry and his successor were agreeable ;o it. His Lordship, refeiretl to the successful vorking of the' voluntary system at Stow Church, yhere, he .said, the rich man and the poor man jaid according to bis individual ability. It rould, he thought, be very ungracioai to oppose ie 'motion, as it only sought for an enquiry. , The 'motion was put and carried. ; ?? '??? On the motion of Dr. Weld, it was agreed' ;hat the Committee should cotiaist of nine.per ions^ to be balloted for. ' i- ''-% % ? . The result of the ballot was as follo^s:-j-Dean Elnssell, Archdeacon Marryat,' the Revs. Canon Farr, Canon Dove, and S. Green, and Messrs. Savrkesj Colley, Young, and Thrupp. ; THE MAGILL CHURCH. The Rev. S. Green asked what arrangements aad been-niade for .the conduct of public ser rfce, and especially for the celebrations of. the Holy' Communion, at St. George's Church, Magill. He had been requested to bring this matter forward.- ' ?- ?? ?'? u h His LoRD&HlP; explained that oil iu me-lical certificate he had 'given Mr/ Neville three months' leave »f absence, and on receipt of a further certificate he had extended the time by one month. MrJBoth'had kindly acted during the first period, but had not continued his ser vices1 after that time. With 'regard ito* the celebration of the Holy Communion, he haU been ? placed in :ratber: difficult circumstances. He would have been at Magill last Suiulay if it had- been:practicable. No regular arrangements had been made, because he believed none were possible. He pointed out that it was the duty of churchwardens:'.to: report toium if -the usual services of the-Church'were. hot fulfilled, i ?? . , . ' : .? ' .' L' '? ASSESSED PABI^HKS. . i , I j ' = ' The Rev:iS.'GREEN asked whether thejStarid ing .Committee found that, many of the parishes assessed ;for;-^ynodal; expenses had-; 6u. that account separated from union . with Synod. He had heardithat: there were Churches. that did not at all like the present _ system ^ e ven ;if they refrained from 'withdrawing from- Synod on account of it. , In reply to the Lord Bishop, he knew of no Church thathad refused to* pay. Mr. Wicksteed, said the Noarlunga Church had refused to pay this year. ?-;.??,-?{ ! ITieRev. E. K. Miller explained they had not. refused,' but that circumstances ^ldti pre vented them from faisirig the necessary sum over and above their other liabilities/'' His Lordship was not aware of Churches havingseparated: themselves on .account of the assessment for Synodal purposes. ' | .' ? ? ? V-'. -\'*,raDUCIl6s OF CLERGY. 'U I f The Rev: R. B. Webb asked whether any arrangement had been made for the regular induction of clergy, into their cures. ° He considered it would be a great advantage if some public induction took place. He had not been inducted into the' spfnEuaE 'fifes of his present incumbency. ??- ? . ' / * -\ ?; :- : The Lord Bishop remarked that induction had reference to the tempoi-alib'es, institution1 to, t&e; suiritualities. He thought it 'would! be very desirable to' have the clergy regularly fcstituted by the Bishop, but consiaenugVfhesttaof.the' LMocese -he did not see that it would impracti cable in'all cases. (Hear.)' ' ; ' ? ??--? ,'.-,.. THE ESDOWMKSTJ-CXD. 7 i r?;. , ' Mr. W. J. Fullarto-t, 'on .behalf ^-f ' Mr. Oldham, moved— t . .^ -vr ;; 'That the paper read by;Mr.-R..B.; Colley before the annual Vestry at glenelg' ,be printed with the annual report of !''Synbd.?/ .(Hear, hear.) ^-' -.r^/'p j ? Mr. Wicksteed seconded, /^w^ ? ? Carried.,. ,:' ? . ? ' ,t :;,;.'.; ^T^-f'^ i '': ! , . COMPOLSORX BOCCAtlok.,- \\\ Dr. /Weld's motion foV/tiieicons^deratioa 'of this subject was placed as 'Onkr'Xa.,3 for next day. '' .' ' r ? ''''' '?':[-'?'''?? CELEBRATION OF THR COJOfUNION. The Rev. R. B. Wbbb asked what provision waa made by His Lordship for the celebration of DIOCESAN SYNOD, 1 Tbe annual session of tbs- Synod wo* opened opToMdaymorfcingat TrMtytt»irchbytheLord Bishop. Service commenced at half-past 31 ? ?'clock, when the Holy. Communion *«'.,, administered, and afterwards tne LjotaBvmvy of Adelaide delivered tbe following Pastoral Addrea.:— ! ' Rev. and dear Brethren-ln all history, civil or religious, tier* ooctir epochs— rimes— when a change becomes apparent in the thoughts and spirit of the age. Old forma pass away,' - The grace of their fashion has perished. They give place to others more suited to new ideas and aspirations. Society takes a fre&h; depar* ' ture on the voyage of the future. ^ ? ! KThe eternal »eritie», however, of religion ' and morals remain unchanged, because un- ? changeable ; nor are the outlines of the Church of God, after the lapse of ages, or of the inner life of that Church, less distinct to the Chris taah's eye than when first traced by the finger of the Spirit on the page of reveliition. Critica, indeed, and expositors may dispute a'bout the* jots and tittles of the manuscript ; but spiritual and enlightened reason will take its stand 6a ?the faith once delivered to the saints;1 'thd' form of sound words in which' it was delivered ; and the apostolic institutions borne witness to from the beginning, in all times and place*, by the universal Church. Tt-e overthrow of Paganism and the civil establishment of Chris tianity under Constantine; the completion by Gregory the Great of the Church system it ?;? Borne and the ascendancy of its Bishop 5 the ; Papal theocracy inaugurated by Hildobwuadfj the Seventh Gregory ; the freedom of ChttrcheV and thdr reformation, achieved by Luther-'-*!! form distinct epochs in ©oclemattJwl history, ? : and at the present day we witness om of no le?s ' importance, viz., the, epoch of ' reKgbus liberty ? ana equality1 for all communions, and for every - individual. , 'It: concerns up, indeed, much, whether ? clergymen or laymen, to mark well tie 'tunes ? and seasons' in which our life is cast, lest! we waste our efforts in the. endea vour to restore a past which caanofc be recalled, or mould the present after the fashion of bygone ages. A Pope may assume* ' personal infallibility, and the autocratic episco pate of the world. He may oppose a syllabus to ' the advancing tide of modern thought} but th«f : i waves will still now onward. A wiser monarch ? of old exposed the folly of hia courtiers' ty-1 receding in time, lest be should be over whelmed. ??/ ? i 'Our reformed branch, then, of the Catholic' Church should not be blind to the present ' epoch. The Church policV of -^ueen Elizabeth had come to an ena. ; Tlie dnertablurtimetifry accordingly^ of the Irish Church has set at rasp many questions which during the last 20 yearn have perplexed the colonial Churches. Itwo at least they are clearly seen to be unutallisU^ unconnected with the State, except so far i» ' they are: still under the supremacy of law with regard to their property and the personal rigbitJ of their members. ! ** The legality also of our Synodal compact was tarmvj questioned. Now that tbe Irish Church is' baans its organiiation on such an Bgreomer^ H will be conceded that aTohintaW: a^ociatlon, such as the Church of this diocese, esc onlymaKitain itn {stflroal disctplioe en tbe hms of a compact rtsti&g; Mithsr on royal pre rogative cor on imperial NfisiatioD. ' ? ' Antkipatmg as we did in 1695 this codcIo-* sibn,this djoceee had -for 18 Vears earned en it« independent action, han&r; first bound itmll V« b eowtituent- declarat^t^ thf ckeest f «lk w- khip ladoctefee. Acpnrf, lMrgy, iftAatd' ceremonies with the. Church or . England.' Though no part oi its tatabhshment, we are, I trurt, and. shall contnus.te be, ?ssentiaHy'a1 branch of the great AngJiean Communion. ' , ' ' ' ; V| 'A neceatery eonseqoenee ef oar legal j-ost- ' turn, |s 1 [Voluntary Independent BwceisaDt C1iuruh,.b the neceanty of atkyiinff,' »*'ie^a»' own free conscht. eccJesiestioaf Tegolation*,' which in the Mother Chuich are impesed by law. Aa an example of what I mean. l-vaS bQude to the revised order of lessons to be vela in the daily service, and more especially on thp' festivals snd Lord's Days, recommended t$ tb0 Royal Commission. It af pears to conunemj' itself to tbe general acceptance of the Church at home. As far as I have been able to examine it, I believe both in its vmiisioiu and insertioasL ka well as its arraogemenUi of lessons for a third service on Sundays (where it is needed), tt- bo a real improvement. Time, however, jpukt elapss before Convocation and Parliament concur' in this wise reform of the Prayer-Book. It may bo well, therefore, for this Synod to pass a renj. lation approving the new Lectionary, and leavmg the Bishop to introduce it into the diocese so' Eoonasit shall have recei/ed the approval of the Queen in Council. It would be undesirabta to alter the present arrangements of lessons until definite order can be substituted for it. ' I do not find that the Ritual Commissioa has made any recommendation with re^ird to ceremonial observances or vestments of the clergy. Pending the trial of certain clergymen for introducing or reviving obsolete ceremonies and ornaments, any interference with the action. (Of the l&w; and its judicial authorities was felt io be a greater evil than patiently waiting for legal investigation and judicial decision. Many 'practices of a novel character have consequently been pronounced 'illegal.' Loyal submit*-, sion to the law thus declared, rather than paltry evasion* of it, will, I trust, characteiua those ministers of our Church at 'home whose emotional and imaginative dispositions have led' them beyond the sober simplicity of Anglicaa ceremonial and vesture. The 58th Canon will perhaps be made the legal guide for this matter. 1^ 'Another subject growing out of the revi sion of the Lectionary ia that of a proppseil revision of certain passages in the authorized ver sion of the Holy Scripture. The considera tion of this important subject has been recom mended by the Bishops to the Lower House of the Convocation of Canterbury. This step!*, I believe, called for by tbe advanced state of linguistic criticism, aa well as by sore 9 acknowledged errors in the present translation. ? It is the clear opinion of the learned prelates who have sanctioned this movement that no l-ortion whatever of the received doctrine of the Church of England will bo woakoaed or modified by it. Truth and honesty roquire that the Word of God should be offered to mankind in its 'genuine form and its true meaning. It the discovery of^ancient manuscripts and deeper acquaintance with the Eastern languages aball lessen the authority of certain special text1?, still in the revised version Divine truth will be set forth with greater certainty and precision. W*- need in no wiso lose our time-honoured version' and if the cooperation of learned Noncon formists wero received it would bo mill the Kible of the whole English- speaking popula tion of the world. A different type ?woul'l readily indicate tho passages not resting oa the best authorities, arid tbe new translation niight be interpolated in the old within bracket*, or at the foot of the page. ' During the last session of Synod wo con sented to establish in connection with tho other Australian Dioceses, through means of a General Sj -nod/an Appellate Tribunal, to take oognizanca under, the ifetropolitan or Primus of docirinaj causes referred to it from the Diocesan Court*, Another important subject remitted jit that time for consideration to a Select Committee was tbe mode of electing our future Bishops. This duty has devolved on us in consequence of our legal iadependecco of English Establish ment. Happily, we are in no want of pre ! cedearts to guide us in the choice of plans— we have the Scotch, Irwh, American Canons, aa well as the practice of the Universal Church from the first. The main object of our endeavours oa this subject should be to eliminate from tiu's ttolemn act as far as possible the influence of momentary excitement and party; paanon. It should be dono assuredly 'as unto the Lord, and not unto men.' The appointment to be made should secure the largest possible amount of unanimity. ' The ^practice of the Universal Church from the beginning, and followed in the Scotch. American, and Irish branches of our Episcopal communion, has been, that the clergy should nominate one or more candidates tor the office,' and that the laity should concur with them ia selecting the most approved. To this practice the American Church has given its adhesion' and the plan thus deliberately adopted in a' Church where _ lay influence is undoubtedly great, and individual opinion enjoys the fullest scope, has in its favour tie weight derivabte from such considerations. 'The Irish branch of our Church, with us two thfitsand clergy organizing itself as a free arid voluntary association has adopted a similar arrangement. ' 'It appears. fatso that the Convocation of Canterbury has appointed a Committee to report on 'this subject: Under these circumstances I thihkit would be wise to-defer the adoption of any plan for tab diocese until we have nad the benefit of such enquiries. To the English or Irisli 'clergy recourse may probably be had in filifng up this See. It is important, therefore, not to diverge more than is absolutely necessary from the organic arrangements of our Mother Church, now partly disestablished. '-'Much angry feeling, indeed, and many fears hare been elicited by that strong act of power which after 300 years separated the Irish Church from the State. But that connection only identified it with the miads of the Celtic population with thoir Saxon conquerors, and furnished a plea for un dying hatred and chronic rebelliousness. Re leased from this fatal prestige of State con nection, the Irish Church will enter, I believe, upon a new career of missionary effort, and feeble must be the faith as well as cold the love which fails to bid her 'God speed in that holy war.1 . 'While thus contemplating the great changes which have already taken place, or are immi nent in the Church of England, whether in her revised Lectionary, or proposed revision of the authorized version of the Scriptures; or the appointment of Suffragan Bishops; or the dis establishment of the Irish Church; or in the greater elasticity given to our Liturgy by the permitted separation of its Services, we can hardly. fail to. own the hand of Providence over ruling: to good the revival set on foot among the clergy 40 years ago, when the desire sprung up to restore a- more primitive church life by daily services aad closer adherence to the spirit of .the Prayer Book. Bigotry alone will deny to .these men .self -den ying zeal and disinte rested laboriousness in their sacred calling. That they in many cases have gone from us, or^to the verge of error in some^ points of dectrine and discipline, is the conviction of the^ great body of the clergy. But the impetus which has been given by them to pastoral earnestness ia undoubted. The old rigidity of a legal establish ment has yielded to this influx of new-bora seal, and never, were the Anglican clergy animated with sincere deyotedness or presided over by a more, distinguished hierarchy. We iaay fairly expect, therefore, when the true interpretation of the law concerning Ritualistic practices is ascertained, that some authoritative directory will be issued, or the aid of Parliament invoked, to check innovation under the plea of daubtful or disused Rubrics. Meanwhile, acting on the principle ' Let every man be fulljr per suaded in hiaowa mind,' may St. Paul's spirit of forbearance also, neither judging, nor de spising, nor offending one another prevail among us, being assured, that whatever* is not of Goo will come to nought/ ' ? . '.. ', ; .' It remains for me to notice the subject of national education,' which of late has been ranch under discussion both here and in England. In these days an uneducated people mutt descend to a lower level among the nations of the earth. A good secular education, even unaccompanied by religious instruction, is surely better thaa rude uncultivated ignorance. The latter must be the fate of our rural and pastoral population unless the State will divert the funda now in some measure wasted on town schools to the employment of school teachers throughout the country districts. Every good school in the centres of population ought to be self-supporting, or will be Mipplemented by voluntary aid, if that aid be not checked by Government interference. .'But hare crops up, to an extent surprising in this country, distrust of the voluntary prin ciple as applied to education. Its efficacy, on the other ' hand, in regard to the sdppl y, of religious ordinances has been vaunted above measure. If by the aid of a moderate 'bonus' institutes have epning. up all over the country, why not schools for the young? Why should the duty of parents and the zeal of friends and o{ pastors be set aside or ignored? Why, with crippled finance?, should Government not avail itself of the seal and liberality of the best edu cated and best disposed members of our com munity, in order itself.to set up a dry hard system of secutar schooling, 'with nothing in it but self interests to animate the teachers or secure the attention of the scholars? Nor can wo foil to observe the arbritary intolerance which pro poses to tax Christians for tho support of schools, and deny all aid to such schools when tho truth* of the Christian revelation are taught in them to Christian children. Does not t&is; look more like anti-Christian hostility to God's truth than fear of sectarian proaelytism ? Granting that the latter should be shut out, are there no means of enlisting voluntary zeal in the cause of national education, while the rights of conscience are protected? Let some such scheme be tried before driving into irreconcilable antagonism with State schools those bodies of Christians who deem religious instruction .an essential part of everyday schooling. Let, for example — -?????'? '1. The builders and managers of schools decide whether any, and if any, icfiat' religious instruction shall be given in their schools. The State in South Australia avowedly has no con cern in preventing any more than prodding religious teaching. ? ' ..''?*' '2. Let State Inspectors examine and certify S3 to the quality of the secular education re quired by the Government before any State aid be granted. '3. In all State-aided schools let the hour be fjced and time limited during which religious in struction, IT any, shall be given; and let no child attend on such instruction whoseparents desire its exemption. '4. Let the Government Board of Education fix the list of secular books from which the children in State-aided schools are to be in structed. . ??''',;? ' 5. Let the State require sufficient area, for the numbers taught in eveiy State-aided school. '6. Let the aid available for educational du finds be proportioned to the number of children in it of the proper ages to attend school in each. '7. Let bonuses be given in the shape of a capitation-fee for each child passed byihp In spectors a3 properly instructed in secular learning. 'The above scheme has been tentatively acted on during the last SO years in England, and ii now in a fair way of becoming a truly national system. (1.) The combination of voluntary effort with State provision, and unrestricted action for the friends of education, whether secularists or religionists. (2.) The tenderest regard towards both for conscientious scruples. (3.) Compulsory State education, for idle and destitute children, whose parents neglect the duty, ihese seem to be the principles on which legislation^ will ultimately be based ia England. The adoption of similar views in this colony would at once quiet apprehension, satisfy the demands of religious opinion, evoke voluntary liberality, draw into the profession of teachers men deeply interested in the moral welfare of their pupils, and, finally, elevate the mental drill of secular education into the dignity and pleasantness of moral training. ' Before I close this address it is necessary that I should advert briefly to the resolution JNo; 463, passed in the late Synod. To all ' Ritualistic' or ceremonial acte implying or calcidaled to inculcate the Roman view of the mystery of the Lord's Supper, I am, and have always^ been, opposed. While resolved to 7Mfltnt.t?n the ecclesiastical Taw of our Reformed Church in regard to doctrine, liturgy, holy orders, rites, ceremonies, vestures, and orna ments in our churches, I feel equally bound in cocacience not to strain that law in order to narrow the co- mprvh'iisirfness (liberal as it is vathp scriptural limits) of the Anglican Com munion. 1 have received no complaint from the vardec3 or .members of ' any congregation alleging any illegal 'Ceremony or ornament' used by any officiating minister during the ordinary morning and evening prayer, or in the Comaranioa service. It will be well, however to : state that by the decisions of the Court of Arthee nnd Privy Council the followiug cere monies Lave been pronounced ' illegal ;'? -In the a.iminist-ation of Holy Communion, elevatiou cf the p; ten or cup, and genuflexion or prostra tion before the table during tha Consecration Prayer. 2. Ditrirtg divine service any procession in or rov. d the church, singing hymns or Te Detaa. -'.'The burning of iiicmne generally and Ugh' ing 'candles, save for the purpose of giving li-at. T4. In regard to vestments, an appeal has been lodged with tha Judicial Com mittee cf the:Privy Council ngaiust the judg nent of the Dean of Arches in this matter; thai udment^therefoie, has no effect untiLsuch anr ippeal is decided. . * \ f* i . - 'With regard to 'ornaments' or articles in lse during the administration of, or subsidiary ;o, divine service — other than ^vestmentsr— I 'enow of none used in this diocese which are illegal; rach, for example, as acrucijix, or cross ' w'Uh the fyure of the Saviour thereon.' This, when not 'wining part of the architecture of the church, jut vsfd as part of the ' furniture of the holy able,' i3 'illegal.' The Dean of Arches, how jver, expressly declares ' vases of flowers to be egal,'and floral decorations, 'not used as an ?additional rite or ceremony.' He deem3 them ' innocent and not unseemly decorations'— like the 'branches of bolly' at Christmas, and ; willow blossoms' on Pain Sunday — very gene rally used from old time in our village and )ther churches. 'After all, brethren, religion does not consist 'n, these things, ' but in righteousness, peace, and joy. in the Holy Ghost ;' . and I would record my wlemn protest against those troublcrs of our :hurches' peace, who, through the laxity of the Statute Law, have wilfully revived (against the idvice of their Bishops) obsolete Romanizing ;eremonial in our divine services. , 'I would also affectionately urge my rev. brethren to take heed to the 'weightier, matters of the law.' At a time when an un scrupulous criticism assails the text and inspi ration of the canonical Scriptures, when a rationalistic materialism makes a mock of all ' supernatural manifestations' of God to man, rites and ceremonies and decorations are not the weapons which are 4 mighty through God to the pulling down the strongholds of error.' Conviction is the true origin of effectual per sonal religion; and they who, instead of rea soning like Paul on 'righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come,' address themselves to the sensuous and imaginative part of the human soul, may captivate, indeed, a crowd of wor shippers, but without promoting the true 1 worship of God in spirit and truth.' ,' It ..makes little difference whether the appeal be made by a gorgeous ceremonial or by the powerful voice and exciting action of some revivalist preacher. How different are these methods from the powerful reasoning and fer vent appeals of St. Paul, addressed to the reason and consciences of men. The embellish ments of religion may suit the cravings of an opulent and luxurious age, which is ever trying to harmonize the worship of God with the service of mammon. But the love of pleasure, lust of the eye, and pride of life mingle with zeal forthe outwardform. Let it be your endeavour, reverend brethren, rather to buildup in your people simple but effectual faith, combined with hope and charity; that faith, which of old was content to worship in the 'house/ .or; 'caves of the earth,' before the light of : day/ or ia the darkness of 'the catacombs.' Then was a pattern of sublime virtue given to the world in all the varied relations of lif e^-masters and slaves, children and parents, wives and. husbands. Are we better Christians than the)/ with all our varied modes of religious worship I ? Let Us- give, if we will, of our best to God's service— the noblest buildings, the choicest ornaments, the most comely order of divino service, but let us never lose sight of those, great Christian verities—' Except a man ' be ' born from, above he .cannot see the kingdom 'of God, and if we live in the Spirit let us also walk in the Spirit.' When, however, I look back to our last meeting of Synod and remember the freedom at once, and faithfulness, the for bearance, the candour, and the charity which then on the whole characterized our discussions, I do believe that that assembly was not left without the guidance of the Spirit of God. I fervently pray and hope that a like spirit will govern our present assembly. If there 'are questions to be sifted or doubts removed, be. persuaded that an honest,1 loving regard for God's truth is perfectly compatible with gentle ness, impartiality, and sincerity. Let us, then, seek the things which make for peace, not by insincere compromise, but by the wisdom which is prom above—; first pure and then peaceable; easy to be entreated, because .always endea vouring' to keep the unity o£ the Spirit in the bond of peace, as well a3 . righteoushei»s of We.' ' ' i . ; ' - . , '.'??' ' ' BUSINESS MEETINGS :--??-? - The Synod met for the dispatch of. theannual business at the Church Office, Leigh-street, on Tuesday afternoon, May 17. j- -?'? ?' ? ' - His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide took the chair at 3 o'clock. .-;:,'';? Election Committee's Report. '-'..?.- -:;* Sir. F. Wicksteed, Secretary, read the report of the Election Committee, as follows :— '?The Election Committee placed on the table a Synodal roll certified as correct. 'Although the returns from tho following. Churches are somewhat irregular, none of them having been made within seven day3 of election, they recommend that the names of the Synods men shall remain on the roll on this occasion— Holy Trinity, Adelaide ; All Saints, Hindmarsh ; St. Margaret's, Woodville; St. Peter's, Glenelg ; St. James's, Blakiston ; St. Thomas's, Bal hannah ; St. Jude's, Port Elliot. ; ' They cannot, however, recommend, the same course with regard to Christchurch, Mount Gambicr; the election of Synodsmen .'of this Church being altogether irregular, having been made by_ the clergyman,: and not 'by the congregation. ? ??? '. ? : : . . . — ?;'? ;r ? I 'They, have to report that the congregations of St. Barnabas, Clare ; Immanuel, Chinkford ; and All Saints, Moonta, have elected Synods 'men; but' these Churches not (being in union with Synod, the gentlemen elected have not received summonses. The Secretary has written, pointing out the necessary steps to be taken to place them in union. : :....-. ; VR. B.: Collet, Chairman.' ; [ Mr. Coiley moved that the report be received, and the recommendations therein be adopted.' ; Mr. C. B. Young seconded. ' .. ? \ The Secretary, in reply to Mr. Babbaqe, said St. Jude's Church was not entitled te any Sportsman. , : ^ v -'?-;; ;^. ?,... His Lobdshtp hoped no irregularity would take place in future.- .-. '.... ,„ ,. : . -r . ' The motion'was put arid carried; V-,-, ?? ? His Lordship ' announced . .that, ''.. he liad appointed the Rer: S. Green Clencar Secretary, and Mr. C.B.- Young Lay Secretary, for the purposes of the Synod. ; T ' ??' \:~ ?? '? :.' ! 1 - STKODALROLL. .-..;- The roll was called over, and the usual decla ration signed. The list of those present was as follows:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide— Rev. Richard son Reid, Rev. W. W. Ewbank, Messrs. HJ D. Holmes, S. Toms, W. A. Cawthorne; Christ church, North Adelaide — Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. W. W. Blyth, James Bath, J. S. Bellhouse, R. E. Minchin; St. Luke's, Adelaide — Rev. F. W. Marechal, Messrs. W. Shakespeare, W. Bishop ; St. Paul's, Adelaide— The Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. H. J. Poole, Messrs. W. J. Fullarton, J. Morgan, and F. G. Smith; St. Paul's, Port Adelaido Rev. S. Green, Dr. Duncan, A. J. Edmunds; St. John's, Adelaide— Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Messrs. W. S. Moore, J. Pritchard, J. E. Clinch; St. Bartholomew's, Norwood— Rev. D. J. H. Ibbetson, Mr. James Gray; All Saints, Hindmarsh— Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Dr. Forster: St. Margaret's, Woodville-Rev. H. M. Pollitt, Mr. Win. Sykes; St. Andrew's, Walkerville Rev. Canon Dove, Messrs. C. B. Young, J. W. Bull; St. Matthew's, Kensington— Rev. E. Jenkins, Messrs. J. Howell, £. W. Meredith St. George's, Woodforde— Rev. T. R. Neville St. Michael's, Mitcham— Kev. Henry Read, Messrs. N. Oldham, L. W. Thriipp ; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond — Messrs. J. H. Wile?, W. Pound; St. -Mary's, South road— Rev. A. Honner, Mr. 'F. Burton Christehurch, O'Hallorap Hill — Rev. A Honner, Mr. Frederic Wicksteed; Si I- Peter's, Glenelg— Messrs. B. B. Coiley, N. Blyth St. Stephen's, Willunga-Rev. E. K. Miller St. Philip and St. James's, Noariunga— Rev. E. K. Miller; St. James's, Blakiston— Dr. Weld Christchurch, Mount Barker— Mr. F. C. Smith St. George's, Gawler— Rev. Canon Coombs Christchurch, Kapunda— Rev. T. J. Smyth Mr. Jaines Huargins; St. Jude's, Port Elliot Mr. Henry Fiefd; St. John's, Mount Pleasant Rev. W. A. Clayfield, Mr. J. Bennett, sen. Christehurch, Yankalflla— Rev. C. W. Mor^e Messrs. J. Heathcote, H. Dutton; St. Barnabas, dare— Rev. J. A. Boake; St. Thomas's, Porl Lincoln— Mr. G. W. Hawkes; St. John's. Salis burj-— Rev. W. Scott; Strathalbyn Mission— Rev. C. G. Taplin; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch— Rev, R. B. Webb ; St. Peter's Collegiate School Rev. Canon Farr. Apologies were made for th- absence of the Revs. I.T. Lowell, H. Howitt and J. L. Smith, and Sir J. H. Fisher. '. STATE OP THE DIOCESE. His Locdship read his report of the state of .„ Jie Diocese as follows:— ? -''.',. { / ? n 'During the past twelve months the diocese ias bad again to mourn the loss of clergymen si ieeervedly held in tha highest esteem and affec- d ion. The death of Dean Farrell, followed after S, io long interval by the sudden removal of a' archdeacon Twopeny, disappointed at once our d iffectionate hope, and left U3 stunned by the idditional sorrow of the later bereavement. In b the one case it seemed as if the father of the d Diocese was taken from us ; one who had helped p to lay the foundations of our Church, and had tl watched over every stone added to the spiritual ti building; the other known far and wide, and cj esteemed wherever known, as the indefatigable h missionary, the faithful pastor, the kind spiritual ti idviser, the well-learned theologian, the liberal- e; minded Churchman, the refined gentleman, the t] agreeable companion. It is the privilege of our A Church to number many men of such varied o accomplishments in the ranks of the clergy; « rod it is pleasing to find that his many claims to personal esteem and influence ri were very generally recognised through- w out the colony. Summoned in a moment o from earthly cares and occupations, we may n confidently hope that his spirit was received a with acceptance by the Master whom it was his t delight to serve. Four congregations— Riverton, v Auburn, Chinkford, and Belvidere— were at C once bereaved of the pastor whom they loved, e Amid their lamentation and tears his honoured f remains were consigned to the cemetery at Riverton, and it remained for myself and ( clerical brethren, by our personal sympathy and ( ministerial labours, to lessen their sense of t desolation. . I thank my brethren for their i ready co-operation in this labour of love. Three ( of those churches — Riverton, Chinkford, and I Belvidere— have since been supplied by the Rev. f James Houghton, under whose care the district, i I doubt not, will prosper, aud the spiritual i wants of the growing town of Saddleworth be i partially supplied. The church at Auburn yet i remains te be filled up, and with its populous l agricultural neighbourhood will, I trust, become | the centre of a distinct parochial and mis* sionary cure. . . l ' In addition to the deaths above recorded, - the clergy of the Diocese have been diminished i in number by the departure to England of the '-? Revs. T. Field and J. Pollitt. After the com- ] pletion of their visit it is the intention - of both, as far as I am informed, to rejoin us. 1 The return of the Kev. A. Russell and his ap- ] pointment as successor to Dean Farrell was very ' welcome. His well-known energy and laborious- i ness reassured our spirits, and enabled me hope fully to renaw my endeavours to recruit the ) number of the clergy. Messrs. Taplin and ] Marechal were duly ordained deacons, and are 1 serving efficiently, one in the District of the ' Meadows, the- other at St Luke's. The Rev. II. J. Poole, M.A., has been licensed as assistant- : curate to the Dean at St Paul's; and I am in ; hopes of securing ere long the additional ser- : vices of two more experienced clergymen for - Auburn andfor the Northern Mission, crippled so : long by the effects of the disastrous drought and - diminished numbers of our clergy. . The aspect of the times, indeed, has not been such as to place beyond appreheMian the competent suste- ; nance of the thirty-eight who are now attached to the Diocese. With that number of settled parish curates and two missionary itinerant clergymen, I think sufficient provision would be at present made for the scattered members of our Church. But it is a matter of unceasing anxiety, , in these days especially, how to gather together a large body of approved men for the work of the ministry, 'giving no offence in anything, that it be not blamed.' Meanwhile, I must claim the patience, forbearance, and steadfastness of lay . Churchmen 'not to forsake the assembling of themselves together,' but rather to pray for me and for themselves j that the Lord of- the ; harvest will send forth more labourers into His larvest.' Time and deliberation are essential for. due selection, and these conditions can only be secured by the appointment of sober-minded men as lay readers, who ^hall carry on the ser vices in. the Church, .so far as reading the |- Liturgy and approved sermons are concerned. Congregations temporarily are thus held to gether,- funds provided to meet any casual debt, or for the improvement of the church and its . appurtenances., .1 have to thank. many. gentle- men for their kind and efficient aid in .this office.. .}.-?....?;..,?? ; : . . . ? '.'New churches have been opened at Port Victor and Unley, both dedicated under the name of St. Augustine. At the Meadows, St. George's is fast approaching completion, a hand some edifice of cut stone. At Strathalbyn the foundations of a church were laid by Lady Edith Fergussori. At Eden Valley and Mount' Lofty regular services are held by approved lay readers, and steps have been taken to raise small churches at Myponga and Glenburn. Kangaroo Island has been visited, and services held at Kingscote, Hog Bay, and Cygnet River. This long-neglected part of the colony has thus been brought within the occasional reach of religious ordinances by the Rev. C. Morse. ' Under the' circumstances in which the Diocese .was placed by deaths and absences ef clergy, my own mission tours have been more frequent and extended than usual. . Three time.1? during the last seven months I have visited the Biverton District and Auburn ; once the three churches on Yorke's Peninsula; and also Port Wakefield. Since then, Goolwa, Port Elliot, Victor Harbour, Strathalbyn, Meadows, Maccleefield, and Echunga, Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens and Woodside, Robe Town, Mount Gambicr, and Peuola. In all these places I have found much encouragement, and feel persuaded that. with a settled awl com petently-sustained ministry, a very real work of ediheatfon would go on among the members of the Church of England. : 'The important subjects of the incor poration of Synod will ? be- brought under your attention, the fixing boundaries of parishes, and the election of future Bishops. I think it due* to the Rev. W. Clayfield to bear special testimony to the careful way in which his numerous candidates for confirmation seem to have been prepared for that solemn rite. Forty-nine young people, evidentlymuch impressed with the responsibility of the step they were about to take, testified to the spiritual labour of the pastor by whom they were prepared, and that under the un favourable circumstance of scattered and dis tant dwellings. The congregations also in all those cases were good, and all things pertaining to the Church in comely order. . 'Vacant cures still occupy my attention — , Robe Town, Auburn, and Melrose. The Rev. F. '. Slaney Poole has succeeded Mr. J. Houghton at MacDonnell Bay, Penola, and the school at Mount Gambier. He carried with him the regrets of his congregation ; but I believe in his present position he will find a larger sphere of usefulness. I also entertain a good hepo that before long I shall be enabled to fill satisfactorily the cures of Robe and Auburn. 'Having drawn up a series of questions in order to arrive at a full knowledge of parochial matters, and to put the rural clergy in the way of organizing their people in parochial associations for their good, I am much disappointed in the great delay shown in making these returns to the Secretary of Synod. There is also an irregularity in making the returns of the election of Synods men within the proper time. This alone might vitiate any proceedings taken under the Dis ciplinary Regulations of the Synodal Compact. 'Nor is such neglect in harmony with the spirit and letter of that compact. I, as Bishop, require the aid of tho clergy in providing for the spiritual well-being of the members of our Church. The Synod lends its aid— monetary and other — to them for the purpose; but unless theMergy observe and enforce the Regu lations, and proceedings subsidiary to them, they in fact break their solemn promise ; and not only so, but they forfeit their claim to the advantages which accrue to them from - the Synod. I trust this notice will be sufficient, and that it will not become hereafter necessary to withhold monetary grants from those parishes which fail to make their returns in due time. I will now conclude by begging you to join with me in the prayer that during the ensuing year the congregations of our Church may have rest, and, ' walking*in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, may be multiplied.' ' 1 DATS OK MEETING. Mr. Collet moved that the days of meeting during the sesa«n be Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, at 3 o'clock, 0ieept to-morrow, which shall be held at 2 o'clock. 1' ; This was seconde land carried. ;, ANNUAL RKPOET. The Skcretakt read the following, annual port of the Standing Committee:— ~ v 'The Standing Committee beg leave to bmit to the Synod their annual report of the Bferent matters referred to them by the last nod, and those which have occupied their tention during the part year. They also pro ice a statement of account*, duly audited. '1. Synodal Expenses.— They are happjr to i able to report that the amount received iring the past year has been equal to the ex nditure. It must, however, be remembered at a portion of this ha3 been provided for by e sale of furniture— a source of income which nnot be expected for the future. On the other ind, they expect that the printing and sta )nery accounts will be very much les* in the suing year. They therefore recommend that e assessment for this year be the same as last. U the churches where regular service has been nducted have paid the amount at which they are rated. '2. Endowment.— In compliance with autho ky received (see minute 415), they consulted ith the Attorneys of the S.P.G. and the Board Directors of the Church of England Endow ent Society, and arranged that the Attorneys lould contribute £100, and that £100 standing .the credit of the St. Asaph Fund should be ►ted to supplement a vote of £800 by the [lurch of England Endowment Society to idow during the year three churches at £50 sr annum, and to increase one from £40 to £50. 'They regret, however, to say that only one hurch has availed itself of the opportunity it. Mary's, Kooringa). They believe, however, tat the amount necessary to raise the endow ,ent to £50 per annum will be collected by St eorge's, Woodforde, on the return of the icumbent, who is at present absent in Tasmania -r the purpose of recruiting his health. They $gret to state that the Endowment Trustees sport that a considerable sum remains on hand . unvested ; and the comparatively low; rate of iterest received renders the demand on the .ttorneys of the S.P.G., in fulfilment of their uarantee, very heavy. 'The Trustees have, however, by tha libe dity of the Attorneys of the S.P.G. been nabled to pay 8 per cent, to those Churches hich have been more than 10 years endowed, [though the income can ouly be reckoned a3 6g er cent., and that subject to deductions. . In onnection with this subject, the Committee hinkit desirable that it should be known that revious to any Church being endowed it is ecessary that the title and trust-deed should be i a satisfactory state. '3. Students in Theology.— They have to eport that the Attorneys of th« S.P.G. have laced at the Bishop's disposal the sum of £100 or the year 1870, to be expended in contributing o the maintenance of students in theology. '4. Schedule C— The Committee have to ecommend that the following Churches be laced in Schedule C, and that they receive no urther aid from Synod after June 30, 1371, xcept in the shape of assistance towards endow ment:— St. Matthew's, Kensington ; Christ hurch, Kapunda; St. James's, Blmkiston. ' 5. The Ministrations Committee's Report. — lie Standing Committee have not been in a ?osition to give effect to the recommendations if this report. '6. Missionary Clergymen.— They are happy 0 be able to inform the Synod that, through he liberality of the late Mr. Thorngate, the Jtshop has been put in possession of an income if £100 per annum, and that the Attorneys of he S.P.G have also placed at his disposal he sum of £200 for the year 1870, for horns nissionary purposes. . ; , 'Tho following progress report of the Hisssionary Committee was adopted on the 6th [uly, 186-9:— . s ; '.- ' ' ' 1st. That the districts in Schedule Y : ba ^cognised as missionary districts,. each 'needing 1 missionary clergyman. ' ' ' 2nd. That the districts in Schedule Z be ?ecognised as missionary districts, each attached o the nearest clergyman able to undertake the :harge. . ' - . - ''3rd. That when a missionary district. in schedule Y is desirous of obtaining the services )f a missionary clergyman, and is willing to contribute for that purpose towards bis stipend, assistance may be given to any extent not ex ceeding two-thirds of. his stipend proposed, md subject to rearrangement at the end of three pears. ''4th. That clergymen who have one of the iistricts in Schedule Z attached to theircure, and which they regularly visit, should receive a forage allowance not exceeding £30 per annum. : ''5th. That a sum cot exceeding £3 3s. per week, or £2 2s. per week if travelling expenses ate allowed, should be paid to any clergyman appointed by the Bishop to take occasional mis sionary duties. ''6th. That the Attorneys of the S.P.G. be requested to make such provision as they can for enabling the above scheme to be carried out under the direction of the Bishop. . j ' ' Schedule Y.— 1. Melrose, Port Augusta, and the Blinman. 2. Lake Hamilton, Streaky Bay, and West Coast. 3. Banks of the Murray, Wellington, and the Lakes. '' Schedule Z. — 1. Kangaroo Island; 2. Narracoorte and Penola; 3. Yorke's Peninsula; 4\. MaoDonnell Bay; 5. Myponga; 6. ? Port Waketield; 7. Hoyle's Plains. ' 'G. H. Fare, Convener.' 1 ' 7. Election of Bishops and General Synod Committee. — This Committee have sent in a report to Synod, recommending the mode of procedure in case of a vacancy occurring in the See, which will accompany this report. ' 8. Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.— They are happy to be able to state that the Guarantee Fund, calculated by the Actuary at £1,000, now amounts to £1,102 8s. 6d., and probably a few more pounds may be collected ; and that the amount received from the annual collections in churches, estimated to produce £500, is £558 0s. 6d., with some further sums to come in. There are now five recipients of annuities of £30 each, one of which will cease in about four years, as the orphan receiving it is upwards of 14 years of age. On June 30 next this fund will have been established five years. It will then be the duty of the Standing Committee to prepare a special report of the state and prospects of the fund, with a view to regulate the amount of the annuities for the next period of five years. They are happy to say that the whole of the funds (£2,400) are invested at a satisfactory rate of interest, with the exception of £120 recently received, now in the Savings Bank, which bears an interest probably of 5 per cent., which is the rate of interest calculated by the Actuary on the whole amount of capital. 'They think that the thanks of the Synod are due to the Trustees, the Investment Com mittee, the Auditors, and especially the Secre tary, for their' gratuitous services for the last five years, by which means a considerable outlay has been saved. In future some additional ex penditure will probably be necessary in pro viding for some of these services, and tne rate of interest on investment hitherto received cannot possibly be expected to be maintained. ' The balance-sheet of the fund to the 30th June, 1869, was published with the last report, and a progress account accompanies the present document. '9. Parish Boundaries. — Serious difficulties having arisen in defining these boundaries, they recommend that a discussion take place in Synod on the subject ' 10. Incoqwration of Synod.— The Standing Committee recommend that immediate steps be taken to incorporate Synod for the purpose of relieving various Trustees of their trusts and facilitating the general work of the Church. '11. General Church and Home Mission.— The Committee regret that during the past year this fund has fallen off to the extent of upwards of £50 from the amount received the previous year (£119 4s., agjunst £170 9s. 5d.) This fa a matter of very serious importance, as the diffi culty of supplementing the stipends of clergy at the present reduced rate of 7a per cent, of the scale will be much increased, and the rate will probably toave again to be reduced to 50 pet cent, in June next for the half-year then expiring. It is much to be desired that the contributions to this fund should be increased, as in times of depression there is the greatest difficulty in maintaining. the ordinances of the Church in the agricultural districts. 'Schedule A.— The following churches have been added to Schedule A during the past year: — Christchurch, Yankalilla; St. John's, Auburn Holy Evangelists, Gaotwa; St. Augustine's, Port Victor. '12. Theological and Ecclesiastical Library. —The Committee have received, the following mute from the Attoraevs of the S.P.G.:-' It | as resolved that the £40 remitted to Mr. ; arryat; of London, 'be given to bind the books '. ?esented by the University of Oxford, on the stinct understanding, however, that such x-ks are accessible at all times to any clergy an in the diocese holding the Bishop's licence.' 'The Attorneys have also contracted for Stable bookcases for the safe custody of these riumes. ' 13. The Synodal Compact, embracing the lies and regulations as modified and revised, is been engrossed, and is ready for signature j,- the members of Synod. '14. Statistical Returns.— Your Committee igret to find that the greatest negh-ence occurs i sending in the statistical returns asked for by ie Bishop. No less than 20 out of 67 Churches ive failed to send in the returns on the 3rd [ay, although they were requested to be sent in i or before the 20th April. The Committee umot but consider this as a disregard of the ishes of the Bishop, which ought not to be pparent in any portion of the diocese. ' 15. Certificates of Election of Synodsmen. -The Committee also regret to find that there as been great irregularity in making the ;quisite returns of the election of Synodsmen t the Easter Vestries. They direct the par icular attention of Synod to clause 9 of fiegula ions not Fundamental, and would point out the reat difficulties that might arise frem any doub ? r dispute as to the validity of tho election of lembers of Synod. \- ' R. B. Collet, Chairman. 'May 3, 1370.' ECCLESIASTICAL LIBRARY. The Secretaet read the Committee's report, 3- under :— - , ,„.?... . 'The Committee have to report that the ooks collected by Dean Russell' in England, nd' those granted by the University of Oxford iDuded to in their last report), have safely rrived in the colony. As soon as the bookcase rhich has been ordered by the Attorneys of the i.P. G. is erected .they will be properly cata KTued and put into circulation. These books, dded to those of the Bray Library, form a very aluabie collection of standard theological Forks, and will enable the Committee to devote he ereater part of their funds to the purchase if new and modern divinity, ' The Committee would express their thanks o the Attorneys of the S.P.G. for their libe ?ality in granting the sum of £40 for the binding -f the books given by the University of Oxford, is well as for the use of the Church Office and jookcase. 'They would also call the attention of Synod o the condition on which the above-mentioned rrant of £40 was given by the Attorneys— viz.; ;hat such books are accessible at all times to any xlergyman in the Diocese holding the Bishop's icence. (See report of Standing Committee, paragraph 12.) ' In conclusion, the Committee would express \ hope that the work of forming a good theolo-. -ical and ecclesiastical library, which has thus been successfully commenced, will meet with; :ordial and continued support of both. the clergy and laity af the diocese. 'Chables Marbyat, Chairman.': . MELANESIA^ MISSION. ,, The Secrktabt read the Committee's report - on this mission as follows:— . ;_ 'The Committee have to report to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide the following facts: — '1. That the amount transmitted from this diocese during the past year to the Right Rev. Bishop Patteson is £250. ' 2. That meetings in aid of the mission have been held in several parishes; but that the operations of the Association during the past year have been much obstructed by tho distress prevailing throughout tat colony in consequence of the deficient. harvest of last season and the general commercial depression. , 'That, however, the call for exertion in behalf of the mission is more urgent than ever. The Committee heard with great regret that the missionary schooner the Southern Cross has been compelled to put into harbour for extensivo repairs. On a survey it has been ascertained that dry rot has appeared and spread to an -y»wn;»nfr extent through the timbers of the schooner, rendering a great additional expendi ture immediately necessary. With reference to this necessity, Bishop Patteson's Secretary says: —'It is earnestly to be hoped that the contri butions throughout Australia and New Zealand this year will be liberal. A prompt transmission of any sums in the hands of the Treasurers will also be desirable, as the repairs have to be paid for almost immediately, and the funds in hand are barely sufficient to carry on with.' The Committee trust that this appeal may be met by special donations. Without .a seaworthy schooner the Bishop can do no good work in the islands, ' Finally, the Committee desire to represent to the Church generally that, while local claims are urgent, it might yet be possible, without prejudice to theee claims, to do all that is needful for the Melanesion Mission if the work pf collecting for it were begun early in the year, instead of being left to the Last moment; and there seems some need for insisting on the fact that a genuine concern for such labours of Christianity as lie far out of our sight may not only afford a new and very blessed illustration of the life of faith, but react most healthfully on those good works which our clergy and laity are trying to maintain. The more we deny ourselves for the purpose of gathering in the scattered sheep of Christ's flock we shall be the more fulfilling the very mind of our Lord, and the more clearly treading in His footsteps. 'We append a report which ha3 been re ceived from tho Melanesian Mission. 'A Russell, Secretary.' FXECTIOS OP FUTURE BISHOPS. The Committee's report was read as under:— ELECTION OK PISHOPS. The subjoined report was read on this sub ject:— ' 'The Committee, having considered1 the question of the^ election of future Bishops of this Diocese, which matter was referred to them in Minute 541 (1869), propose the following regu lations :— ' 1. That on the occurrence of a vacancy in the office of Bishop, the Dean, or in his absence the senior member of the Chapter, shall assemble with all convenient speed the Standing Com mittee, who, voting by orders, shall draw up a list of persons eligible for the office, or shall suggest that the election of the Bishop pro hoc vice shall be delegated to some person, persons, orbody. ' 2. That a call of Synod having been made, the votes, which shall be by ballot, shall be taken by orders. ??.'?'? ? ' '3. That an absolute majority of the whole Synod, composed of a majority of clergymen entitled to vote, and of a majority pf the Synodsmen, shall determine the election or the course to be pursued. ' 4. That the voting shall be repeated, until such absolute majority shall be obtained, pro vided that if no conclusion in the voting is arrived at within three months, the election of the Bishop shall lapse pro Imc vice to the Metro politan. '5. That the voting shall be in person, and no proxies allowed. '6. That after any ballot in which the re quired majority shall not be obtained, it shall be open to any member of Synod to make a nomination or to propose a course of procedure other than that upon which the ballot was last taken. ' 7. That tho Chairman shall report the result of the election to the Metropolitan. ' 8. That the election, having been duly made by the Synod, should be confirmed by the Bishops of the Province of Australia, as laid down in. Report No. 2, in the Appointment of Bishops, p. 423 of the Annual Report of Synod, 18(59.. ? . ' ? 'Chas. MahrYat, Convener.' : . The- Bishop's Dissent. ' ' I dissent from this report, because :— ? ? . '.1. Contrary to the practice of the Universal Church, which has been followed by the Ameri can, Scotch, and Irish Churches, it would vesi the nomination of candidates for the vacant Sec in a Standing Committee composed of laymen and clergymen, in the proportion of two U one; and because in this provision no sufficient guarantee is afforded for the independeni judgment of the clergy (though voting bj orders) on the election of their Btshop; the practice of the Catholic Church from the begin ning having been for the clergy to nominate anc the laity to approve. ' '2. Because the Standing Committee, chosei principally for odminiilratite purposes, is com jsed principally of urban and suburban clergy id laity; and on the part of the clergy, at ast, it is no fair representation of the whole ody for the general affairs of the Church. '3. Because the election of the Bishop, as roposed, by an absolute majority of the clergy '{ ? nd laity, voting by orders, in Synod, admits it contingency of the largest possible dissen ient minority; and consequently the danger of ? hiding the diocese into two ontagonistio , ( arties. *' 4. Because the denial of voting by proxy \- the rural clergy, in a diocese so extenaw*, nd with congregations bo scattered as this if .delaido, is practically to disfranchise a large umber of them, and civo undue influence ia ' ' tie election to the town Incumbents. '5. Because the proposed scheme sooras likely ' 3 place the election of the Bishop practically iu ' ' tie hands of the Standing Committee, aad onfine the candidature to the clerical members f that body. ' . ' 'A. Adelaide. . ' - ' May 16, 1S70. ' .. The Rev. A. Russkll pointed out that the kst Synod had no authority to refer this report ; othe present Synod, and he only alluded ,t» - he matter now to prevent its passing into a recedent. Mr. Collet said he would give notice to!-:': uspend the Standing Orders, so that the present , - iynod could deal with the report. DEVOTIOKAL SKBVICES. ? It was arranged to hold a prayer meeting ' - r very day during the sittings of Synod— on.-.. Vedneaday, May 18, at a quarter past 1, aad ''' , '' verysucceedingdayataquarterpast 2 o'clock— ' t Trinity Church. '; u- i ELECTION COMMITTEE, ( . The following were elected members of the, ' ' Section Committee:— The Yen. Archdeacon ' : J Harryat, the Rev R. Reid, and Messrs. N*-. , ^ 31yth, 11. B. Coiley, and C. B. Young. . _ . THANKS TO THE BISHOP. ?Mr. Colley moved— ? ? . ; : ; ' That the thanks of Synod are due and are£ f lerebv tendered to His- Lordship the Biehop for . lis valuable pastoral address and report, which, r *? irith the statistical returns (when completed), be irinted in the report.' ' Ul who heard His Lordship's address that norning would cordially endorse the motion. He ?egarded the address as one of the best that had , ?een delivered for many years. (Hear, hear.) tt was clear, it shirked nothing, and would bo read with interest throughout the colony. Mr. N. Oldham seconded tho motion, which was carried. His Lordship expressed his gratification that his address had giveu satisfaction. He had . -. desired to speak the truth in love, and he trusted , lie should always succeed in doing this. STANDING COMMITTEE'S BKPORT. , 1 ?_ On the motion of Mr. R. B. Collet, the report. , (, of the Standing Committee was received, aad^.' ordered to be printed. ' * '.'it BALANCE-SHEET. \ . J| Mr. Collet moved that the balance-sheet for. the -year ending Easter, 1870, be adopted and 'u printed. ??. :' i :??????: Dr. Forster thought the balance- sheet should -, be in their hands two or three days for oxamina- ' '. tion before they adopted it. ?;:- His Lobdship concurred with the remarks of , Dr. Forster, and expressed the hope that in future the balance-sheet would be printed a ' week before the meeting of Synod. (Hear,' ' ' hear.) ,,, ; .. , The motion was carried. VOTES OK THANKS. Mr. Collet proposed— ' S \ ;.???'; ' That the thanks of Synod be given to the . ^ . Attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustees of Allen's Pastoral Aid Fund, the Committee of- ' the Melanesian Mission, and the Treasurer of .' the Lacepede Bay Native Mission, for theirr..;, statistical returns, aad that they bo received ' and printed with the report.' ' -''.'tr* . The motion was carrie-L ; ... ? , ; ,' ..^y] Mr. Collet moved— \, 'That the thanks of tho Synod are due to the Trustees, the Investment Committee, and - Auditors of Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund, ?i,j) and especially to the Secretary, for their pa*' ' tuitous services for the last five yean.' His LoBDBHir trusted that there sever would : be wanting that feeling to provide for the widow \ and fatherless which had prevailed in years .: past . : ,,.- .'. ., ,The resolution was carried. .!,.??;-* SYNODAL EXPEKSKS. ... . , , Mr. Collet proposed — .?'??'-/ 'That the assessment for Synodal expenses.: be the same as last year, with the addition of churches to Class I. of All Saints, Moonta; St. Augustine's, Unley; St. Augustine's, Streaky Bay; and St. Augustine's, Port Victor.' His Lordship asked why St. Augustine's Church ,at [Streaky Bay was assessed, it being in such a poor position. Tho Rev. R. D. Webb moved that St ?? ? Augustine's, Streaky Bay, be struck off the list. ? The Very Rev. Dean Russell seconded. Mr. Collet opposed this, on the ground that every Church should bear a portion of the cost of the machinery that was necessary to be em- ' ployed in order to transmit funds to it. The Rev. R. B. Webb withdrew his amend* ment, understanding that Streaky Bay was to receive a grant this year. ? ? / The motion was then put and carried. Mr. Collet moved— 'That St. Matthew's, Kensington, be placed ' on Schedule C, in compliance with the reeom- ' mendation of the Standing' Committee, after ! June 30, 1870.' - Mr. W. J. Fullarto.v seconded. Carried. Mr. Collet moved— . .. ;„. ?? ' That Chrirtchurch, Kapunda, be placed on i Schedule C after June 30, 1870.' -.-.:? Mr. J. Huggins, on behalf of Christchurch, ? opposed the motion, and said, owing to the declension in the pew-rents, they could not do ? without the aid of the Synod. The condition of - the Church was one of the unavoidable results of bad times, and not from any lack of energy on the part of the people. His Lordship explained that the Church at Kapunda would better itself by securing an . endowment, especially as it had received the help of a gift of a section of land from Mr. E. Bagot. ' The Rev. T. J. Smyth wished to know if tho Church at Kapunda subscribed £37 10s. whether they would get the endowment of £50 a year; ' because, if so, he would get the money in a week. (A laugh.) His Lordship answered in tho affirmative, '. and the motion was carried. ; ' ? . ' Mr. Collkz moved a similar motion with ' regard to the Church at Blakiston. ,;- ? ? : :. ' Dr. Weld and Mr. F. C. SMITH opposed tW, ; ' motion, but it was carried. ' .? ' ' '? ,;'. PARISH BOUNDARIES. ' i '!,'' Mr. Collbt proposed— ^ ; . 'That His Lordship the Bishep be requested '? to take an early opportunity of bringing forward the question of parish boundaries.' Carried. SYNODAL ROLL. Mr. Collet moved— 'That leave be given to introduce a measure to the effect that the Synodal roll, after it has been called and passed, shall be conclusive evidence to show that lay members have a right to sit in Synod for that year.' ^ His wish was to establish a roll which could not .' be challenged. Mr. Thuufp seconded the motion, which was/ ' carried. r The Synod then wont into Committee/ and ° passed a resolution giving effect to the resolu- . ;- tion just passed. #) ' INCORPORATION OF SYNOD. ? :'vi* Mr. Collet moved— ! ( ' That it is desirable that the Synod be incor porated.' ....... The object they had in doing this was to enable ' the Trustees of the various funds to hand over. ' ' those funds to the Synod, which they would be , r able to do if it were incorporated. ? ', Dr. Forster seconded. ;- His Lordship gave an account of what steps';-' ' had been taken some time ago respecting the incorporation of the Synod. Mr. A. J. Edmunds thought such a question ; as this should have been delayed a few days, mi . ' that the new Synodsmen might have had aa opportunity of considering it. Dr. Weld agreed with the last speaker. The Rev. Canon Farb was willing to affirm the desirability of incorporating the Synod, but he questioned whether they could carry it into effect until they had the pewer of electing tfceir - '.' own Bishop, ana without a Bishop there could .. I 'be no Synod. . .'.';?-. 