DEATH OF A CATHOLIC ARTIST. GEBMAN correspondent of the Vocce Cattoica gives some intimate details of the last ays of Overbeck. " His end was full of eace and confidence in God, as bis whole life ad been. . .. . During the twelve days is illness lasted, he three times received the ommunion; throughout the vi^il of his last ay his lips were occupied in continual prayer, nly interrupted to utter some words of lovng consolation to his sorrowing friends: even at times when his senses wandered with exreme weakness, his eyes were still directed heavenwards, and if his hands loosened their hold of the rosary, or lost their gesture of ., adoration, it was only to hold an imaginary pencil and guide it over a fancied canvas; for it was bis art, ever employed in tbe service of religion, which alone divided his soul with God, On the 13th, after seeking with some broken words to comfort a party of his countrymen gathered round him, one of them, uniting himself with his thoughts, said aloud for him.—'Jesus! for Thee I live, for Tbee I die.' He inclined his head, and made an effort to say Amen, but only the first syllable was heard on earth, the second resounded in heaven. And now, there he lies before us. Beside him are his latter works—' The Last Judgment,' and 'The' ine Husband's jausDana s xteturn, Return,' a conception of exquisite pathos, yet unfinished, jj e j, as been photographed, and a plaster-cast ^en; but his^friends all want to perpetuate their own ] ast jmp ressi 0n, and all through the nigIlt t{j ey st00(j around, catching what sketchcs emotion could let them commit to p ap er 0f the expression of angelic piety which en(j carea him to us all, and of which be never faije(j tQ gj ve us an example through life. jj appy were they who were witnesses of UI)aft ected devotion with which, notwith- ; standi ng his great age, be was wont every morn; ng to serve the Mass of the Carmelite • c onTent near his studio. Nor did his piety j end j n devotion; it overflowed also in charity ! and benevolence; he was a zealous promoter i 0f many of the good works of Kome from the j Oboh di S. Pietro, to the relief of tbe indigent; most useful, too, was his benevolent I life in encouraging young artists through their eariier,struggles, and in maintaining | among the whole colony, by his bright exj ample, a high standard both m faith and morals. __________ - Flowee or THE HoLT GHOST.—A specimeI1 0f a wonderful plant, the "Flower of the HoJy Q.jj 0St)" has been successfully raised ^ Connecticut. The flower is a V.ICR1UJ creamy wbite cup, nearly as large as half an j 1' hoautffiit J «md O . its won an(j extremely beautiful, and its wonder as 8 Datnrai floral growth is the fact that in this flower is a little pure dove, with pink bill and eS) and j ts head turned as if looking oyer its back_ £ ts wi ngs, feet, bill, &c.;, are as absolutely perfect as those of the living ^ove, whose counterpart this wonderful mimic _ 