§{;e Hocfijjitm^toit §al(ctin AKD OEmrniL QUEENSLAND ADVEBTIBER. MONDAY, AUGUST 16, 1870. ONE of tho most important electorates -prospectively by far the most impor- tant-north ot Dawes Kanga, has been for a year past Buffering from the evil of voluntary disfranchisement, and, as a natural consequence, from the injustice of taxation without representation. In a sudden fit of disgust with the south, and in the hope of hastening Separation from it, the Kennedy constituency chose the Honorable Jons BBIOUT to repre- sent it, in preference to a local resident, by the bare majority of a single vote. This at the time waB esteemed an error by all the other northern constituencies, tending as it necessarily did to weaken the already inferior influence of the north in Parliament. But the Kennedy's re fusai to accept representation in the Queensland legislature has not been without effect. It has indirectly tended to ripen public opinion in the north, and it has called attention, even in England, to the necessity of a curtailment of the boundary of this unwieldly colony. And therefore it is not improbable that the temporary loss of influence may be pro- ductive of ultimate gain, and that the sixty-five electors who recorded their Totes for Mr. BRIGHT will have no reason to regret their unusual procedure. It wai unquestionably a distinct enun- ciation of opinion, end aB such was of advantage at a time when it was alleged that the call for Separation proceeded solely from a few Bockhampton agitators. It is satisfactory, however, that the Kennedy electors do not seem inclined again to return a British statesman. This, no doubt, ie partly tho result of an altered state of public opinion in the south. Several southern gentlemen are now avowed advocates of Separation at Dawes Bange, and the Liberal party have agreed to Separation as a principle. This is a radical change of sentiment, end the Kennedy electors now see a fair prospect of getting Parliament to pre- sent to the GOVEBNOE, an address affirming the expediency of dismember- ment. Under these circumstances it would, be the height of folly to re-elect JoHN^Bfciani, and therefore the Kennedy people may return a local man without laying themselves open to the charge of caprice or inconsistency. There appear to be four bond fiie candidates for the Kennedy. The first is Mr. J. M. BLACK, the founder of Townsville. But unfortunately he has not yet arrived in the colony, and, judging from bis address, he ÍB three years in the rear of political opinion in the Kennedy. His views on local government, as applied to present cir- : enmstances, are quite muaty. This, together with his absence, we imagine, will make his chance of election very remote. He may not come out at all ; he may come too late ; or he may, even if here, not have had time to post him- self up in political matte» when called upon to give his vote. Tho next candidate is Mi'. G. E. FomiES. Tl)ie gculleinan Laa junt arrivod from England, and, a|)parently on thc spur ot' tho moment:, has issued an ambiguous address which may mean anything. Mr. FOBBKS »at some months for Clermont in 1 SCO, and did -nothing. The Kennedy electors would make a great miutake by returning Mr. FonBES, and, we presume, are not likely to do so. Mr. HEWITT has the merit of being a local man-a sugar planter at Mackay. He has iBBued a moderate address, admitting that up to the present time he has been decidedly opposed to Separation, but that he is now "prepared to support any motion ¿o that effect brought forward in a proper manner and at a proper time," but not to support it if " brought forward by an avowed enemy of the north, merely with a view to the overthrowal of a ministry, and the consequent interrup- tion of the public business of the colony." Mr. HEWITT is evidently a Ministerial- ist, and apparently would consent to an indefinite putting off of Separation rather than turn Mr. PALUEH out of office. . Mr. KAVENAOII having withdrawn, the remaining candidate is Mr. £. O. D. I M'DETITT. This gentleman appears . to have met with an excellent reception at Mackay. He has also met the elec I tors at Bowen, but our telegram ÍB reti- cent upon hiB chance there. Ho advocates Separation at Dawes Bange, which ia not acceptable to the more ambitious of the Bowen people, who want to have no connexion with liockhampton. But in tba absence of Mr. J. M. BLACK, we anticipate a warm welcome for Mr. M'DEVJTT at Townsville, and if Townsville bo aided by Mackay, there cannot bo much doubt as to the result. We believe Mr. M'DEVITT would make an excellent representative for the Ken- nedy. He has a great many warm friends in Rockhampton, and now that there is a party in the south pledged to Separation, there would be no danger in accepting his promise on that point, i He is a clever mao, and a good speaker, and he bas announced his intention of making the north his home should Sepa- ration take place. At present, as a barrister, ho is compelled to muke Bris- bane bis head-quarters, but his sympa- thies are unmistakeably with the north. Mr. M'DEVITT has erorythiug to gain by Separation, and we fee) assured would serve the Konnedy constituency with ability, faithfulness, and zeal. AMONO the notices of motion for the nest meeting of the Municipal Council is the following by Alderman CAPORN . -" That steps be taken to provide for " the carrying on of the duties of the " Town Surveyor." Would it not be well to get rid of the present Town Sur- veyor first? If our information is correct, Mr. BUBBTALL has not yet been dismissed. He has, it seems, been fur- nished with a copy of Alderman CAPOBN'S resolution, but he does not choose to accept that as a dismissal. It is a simple expression of the opinion of the Council, which is scarcely enough to terminate a twelve months' engage- ment. We suppose the MATOB is acting under legal advice, but we fear this business ifr likely to cost the rate- payers many hundreds of pounds, as, we understand, the Council will have to defend an action in the Supreme Court. Seeing that one-half the year has ex- pired, the most sensible plan would be to let Mr. BUEBTALL earn his money for the next six months, as he will certainly have to be paid it, and pass a resolution to the effect that his services be dis- pensed with at the end of his present encasement. Bv this means an action at law would be avoided, and a fertile source of dissatisfaction and contention would be got rid of. Alderman I CAPOEN'S motion is too indefinite to elicit discussion upon the merita of his scheme for carrying on the duties of the Town Surveyor. If he intend to em- ploy no professional man, but leave the works in the hands of a Committee, or employ a working overseer merely, his plan will certainly not be practicable. Neither can the Town Surveyor's duties be executed by contract satisfactorily. The Council will find it absolutely necessary to employ a competent man to superintend the various municipal improvements it is proposed to carry out. Another motion to which we take exception is that of Alderman SCHMIDT, for the raising of a loan for the carrying out of necessary works. "We object to any loan except for specific works, and on behalf of the ratepayers insist that before one sixpence of borrowed money is spent, a detailed estimate of all the proposed works must be prepared and submitted for public approval. Borrowed money should be applied to directly reproductive works alone. The ordi- nary revenue ought to suffice for all other improvements, or, if not, those improve- ments shonld be postponed. Before rush- ing themunicipalityintoa heavy debt, the Council should point out by what means the interest may be met and the principal repaid. Tbc curront rovonuo will always bo required for unforesoon improvements of a necessary character, and for other curront expenditure lt would bo im- possible fur a (shrewder set of men than tho prrsent Council to anticipato tho urgont wants of tho nnt five yoars. Therefore wo contend that no worlca should be undertaken by loan which will not at least pay a direct interest of 8 per cent, par annum upon the outlay. So long as the interest upon loans does not impinge upon the current revenue of tho municipality, no great barm can bc done. We trUBt a majority in tho Council will insist upon a detailed schedule of proposed works being appended to Alderman SCHMIDT'S reso- lution, before they consont to ita adop- tion. THESE ii something wrong, ar suppoecdto bc wrong, at the Rockhampton Hospital, os vre perceive a specitl committee is convoaed by ad- ' vertisement at four o'clock this afternoon, " to investigate charges made against the dispenser." WE learn from Dr. Robertson, who was called in at the death of the late Ur. George Sefton, that it resulted from serous apoplexy, and that the cause of death waa so clear as to render a magisterial inquiry unnecessary. A DEAD body was reported to hsvo been see n in the river on Thursday evening, but as after inquiry from the police and others, we oan get no corroboration of the rumour, wo conclude that the lady said to have seen the corpie was mistaken. We have o ghost story or two on hand, but withhold them until there is a greater scarcity of interesting topics than at prêtent. TOE "Grand Moving Tableaux of the Apocalypse " is announced for positively the last time this evening, und we recommend ell our readers who have not econ it to take advantage of this last opportunity. The Vision of the New Jerusalem ie an entrancing picture, the sight of which is in itself worth the money paid for admission. AT an early hour on Saturday morning some young sparks, who had been imbibing rather freely, commenced to play some mischievous pranks in East-street, putting out the publicans' lamps, damaging sign-boards, and removing barbers* polop. Fortunately for themselves and the public, they were caught by a wary shnp keeper in fitigranli delicto at an early stope Of their proceedings, and to avoid going into the police court promised to pay for all the damage done. Wo withhold names on this occasion, hoping that the mention of the subject will hare a deterrent effeet in future. TO-DAT (Monday) being tho anniversary o' the arrival of Governor Blackall, has been pro- claimed a general holiday, and all the Govern- ment officei «ill bo closed. Without intending the slightest disrespect to Governor Blackall, we protest against the oreation of a new holiday in this manner. General holidays should never be proclaimed without due notice, and then with discrimination. Government officers are not usually over-burdened with work, and it is not right that the public offices should be closed when the owners of no private establishment* think of suspending business. The Sydney and Brisbane steamers will be discharging to-day, and it will be absurd to close the Custom-house. The latest intelligence from Sew Zealand Gully is satisfactory. We are informed on re- liable authority that there are twelve claims of four men each in the gully, whioh ara yielding from £8 to £14 per week per man. Other claims there are in which gold is being got, bat not in paying quantities. In Quinn's Gully, no one appears to be doing much eioept the prospector. Our informant ostimates that the ground at present opened up will give employment to about 300 men for two or three months. There are from 800 to 900 men on the ground, many of whom are engaged in prospecting, with every hope of success, «fl the oountry is very likely looking. We are requested to caution miners intending to try their luck at the new rush that it is useless to ga unless they are prepared for 1 prospecting. There is a very large extent of auriferous country in the neighbourhood, but erery inch of known payable ground is token up. Water is already becoming scarce in'the gullies, and carting bas been commenced, the charge being 2s. 6d. per load, including the use of cradle and trough. In the creek below the township there is abundance of permanent water, and provisions are plentiful and oheap. There ia also abundance of grass for horses, and a man baa started a " tailing mob," and his charge ia reasonable. The miners in New Zealand Gully are putting up good permanent humpies, which pretty clearly indicates their opinion of the ground. The township is going ahead ¡ a concert room and a billiard room have been ereoted. The population has considerably increased daring the last week. Within the put day or two a number of Kroombit digger« hara crossed the river. lhere were reports in town yesterday of a rich quartz reef haring been disoovered at or near New Zealand Gully, but we are not as yet in a position to gire any authentic information on this point, beyond that our inquiries lead us to the conclusion that then are grounds for the reports alluded to.-Ur. Jardine has consented to register all the claims from next Wednesday night until the fallowing Monday morning, to afford the diggers an opportunity of attending the noe meeting at Rockhampton. We are informed that tho per- mission will be largely availed of. Jons HEWET'S NEW SEFOBH Bm " Reform yourselves !" 