THEJTOWER GHOST. We have heard, says the Pall Mall Gazette, of a most mysterious and disagreeable occurrence at the Tower of London, which is enough to set the nerves of the whole nation on edge. For some days, or rather nights, past the shadow of an axe lias appeared on one of the walls of the building. The shadow made its last appearance, unless we are misinformed, in ISIS, but what it has beeu doing since that time we cannot say. There is no shyness whatever about it now ; it does not object to be stared at, and excites the curiosity of all who have the privilege, if not the pleasure, of inspecting it. A correspondent of the same paper has since written the following letter:— I am glad to perceive that the Tower of London, respectable old edifice as it is, still keeps its ghost as all venerable buildings should do. You are perhaps not aware that oue of the best authenticated ghost stories of this century belongs to that fortress, and I make no excuse for telling it to you at this season, as a Christinas ghost story is traditionally allowable. Mr. Edward Lenthal Swifte, who is still living, was in 1817 keeper of the Crown jewels in the Tower of London. He lived in the jewel-house, aud on a certain Saturday night in October, 1817, was in his sitting-room. The door was closed, the window shut, and heavy curtains excluded the air. It was about midnight. Two candles were on the table. The rest I give in his own published words :— " I sat at the foot of the table, my soil on my right hand, his mother fronting the chimney-piece, and her sister on the opposite side. I had offered a glass of wine and water to my wife, when, on putting it to her iips, she paused and exclaimed, ' Good God, what is that ?' I looked up, aud saw a cylindrical figure like a glass tube, seemingly about the thickness of my arm, and hovering between the ceiling and the table. Its contents appeared to be a dense fluid, white and pale azure, like to the gathering of a summer cloud, and incessantly rolling and mingling with the cylinder. This lasted about two minutes, when it began slowly to move before my sister-in-law, then following the oblong shape of the table before my son and myself; passing beliind my wife it paused for a moment over her right shoulder (observe there was no mirror opposite to her in which she could then behold it). Instantly she crouched down, and with both hands covering her shoulder, she shreiked out,' Oh, Christ! it has seized me.' Eveu now, while writing, I feel the fresh horror of that moment. I caught up my • chair, struck at the wainscot behind her, rushed upstairs to the other children's room, and told the terrified nurse what I had seen. Neither my sister-in-law nor my son beheld his appearance. . . . I am bound to add that shortly before this strange event some young lady residents in the Tower had been, I know not wherefore, suspected of making phantasmagorial experiments at their windows, which, be it observed, had no command whatever on any windows in my dwelling. An additional sentry was accordingly posted so as to overlook any such attempt. Happening, however, as it might, following hard at heel the visitation of my household, one of the night sentries at the jewel office was, as he said, alarmed by a figure like a huge bear issuing from underneath the door. He thrust at it with his bayonet, which stuck in the door, even as my chair dinted the wainscot. He dropped in a fit, and was carried senseless to the guard-room. His fellow sentry declared that the man was neither asleep nor drunk, lie himself having seen him the moment before awake and sober. Of all this I avouch nothiug more than that I saw the poor man ia the guard house prostrated with terror, and that in two or three days the fatal result, be it of fact or fancy, was that he died." To this it is only necessary to add that the boy was seven years old. He did not see the ghost. The sister-in-law likewise did not see it, and attributed it to the joint hallucination of her sister and brother-inlaw. The soldier died as stated, whether after trial by court-martial, as recorded by Dr. Gregory in his " Letters on Animal Magnetism," or not, I do not know. Dr. Gregory received his account from Sir David Brewster, and it is incorrect in many particulars, or rather it differs from Mr. Swifte's, which was the result of personal experience. The Pall Mall Gazette of a subsequent date accounts for the mystery of the axe. A correspondent of that journal says:—" There is, it seems, iu one of the towers of that fortress a peculiar old loophole, somewhat resembling in shape the capital letter T with the arms shortened; this loophole is in the wall of a closet, outside which there is another wall. When the outer wall is in shadow, and the gas lighted in the closet, a light is thrown on to the outer wall through the loophole, which from its peculiar shape makes the thrown light bear a resemblance to a battle-axe." The French papers report the death of an electrical child, aged 10 months, at St. Urbain, near Lyons. This interesting but inconvenient infant was, it is stated, so endowed with electricity that nobody could enter the room where it was without receiving constant electric shocks. It is stated to have passed passed away painlessly so far as it was concerned itself, but there is resson to fear that the survivors who attended it much must have suffered much, for it is affirmed by the doctors that at the instant of death luminous effluvia proceeded from its body, and continued for several minutes after its decease. The Medical Times, alluding to the case, says that it is supposed to be quite unprecedented in the world of science. We hope it is so, for however much we may regret the untimely end of this little prodigy, we confess we cannot look forward without some uneasiness to the possibility of a recurrence of babies of this nature. Every person with any pretension to amiability must be, or ought to be, fond of children, and his must indeed be an unenthusiastic temperament who does not appreciate the marvels of electricity; but a combination of babies and batteries would, there can be little doubt, seriously interfere with domestic comfort. The most tender father that ever existed would shrink from clasping his child to his bosom if he felt that this proceeding rendered him liable to a smart electric shock; and parents who yield to none in their love for their children, and their admiration of electricity, might be forced to fly from the former for fear of the effects of the latter. It is stated that a popular author is preparing an article on " Americanisms " for one of our magazines. He will not be short of subjects if he happens to read the papers with observant eyes. In addition to the new words " walkist," " eatist," and the like, he will find a variety of inventions which are much in vogue among the superior journalists. One of the papers lately, instead of recording that the President had gone on an excursion, simply announced that he had "excurted." The other day we read that "Erie was injuncted. A paragraph in an evening paper was headed thus—" A woman Burgled Nine Ernes in Ten Years." All this saves time, like those handy phrases, " and now," " in view of," " in this connection," and many other devices for enabling people to use the language without the trouble of studying it. —Some Newt. 