The Spirit of the Week. . ' Mrs Henry Burton, wiro ot tho woll known bircus proprietor, died recently. ,,,,,,, Throe serious accidents havo lately occurred at tho A A. Com- pany's pits, tho Borehole. Ono miner was thrown from a horse and severely injured ; another received severe Injuries about tho head, through a quantity of coal tailing upon him ; and a tldrd had his thigh broken. . Tho steam dredge, recoil Hy purchased from tho colony ot Queensland, will shortly bo in operation. Tho good fedks of Kempsey uro just now troubled by tho visits of Hie "ghost of an old'woman-lall, loan, and haggard." A compositor named William Smith, residing at Turnworth, attempted ta commit suicidé by cutting his throat. Mr fiobcrt Angel, ut Wagga Wagga, was recently killed through his horse bringing him Into violent collision with the trunk ot a tree. An enginour named Francis Carrin died suddenly at Orango. A man named Brown was drowned whilst attempting to cross tho Wallabadah Creek. Mrs Bowtell, widow of a solicitor, was drowned lu Marsden Creek, Armidale, Sixty persons bava been Injured by a railway collision lu Victoria. A commercial traveller named Rodwell was nearly drownod lately in tho Yass Uiver. At tho P.P. A. píenlo on Tuesday, Alderman Bradford, from some unaccountable causo foll from tho steamer into tho water, but was speedily rescuod hy a braco of constables. Tito worthy Alderman was " happy" In receiving no serious Injury from Ilia In- voluntary " baptism." . Tho piece of land-about 25 acres-lying botween tho Newtown Boad and tho University has been set apart as a publia recreation reserve, under tho name of Victoria Park. Tho inclomeiitweathcr on Tuesday last caused tho postponement of tito usual Uirthday military and voluntcor reviow until Satur- day, tho 11th proximo. Ibo Sydnoy Meat Preserving Co. ls now fully organised, tho ne- cessary otucuus having been appointed at a public meeting hold on Monday last. Two lunatics recently effected an escape from Gladesville-the ono assuming tho oluiraeter of master, tho other that of bis ser- vant. - After a little harmless play and dining sumptuously at Payton's, tho Woolpack Hotel, both wore quietly retaken and ushered to Dr Manning's caro. At tho meoting of tho City Council, on Monday, Alderman Murphy presented a petition signed by (iOOO persons, In favour of Petersham being selected as tho alto of the Central Cattle Sala Yard». Tho ship, Ben Nevis, sunk at Queensullffo, has baeu raised and towed Into Hobson'! Tho construction of it submarino railway betwoon England and Franco-from Dover to Capo Orleans, to bo worked by attnos phono pressure, has boon projected by Messrs Bateman and Rovy. frauds to an Immenio extent havo been discovered In England, by mixing salt water and soda with butter. In tho proportion of thirty or forty per cont, for tho purposo of Increasing the weight. Another fraud noticed Is " fancy butter," an article manufactured In a way that entirely supersedes tho necessity of keeping cows or employing dairy-maids. A Mba Thorn ha« been "preaching to overilowing audiences," at tho Town Hall, Adelaida. Tho operations of the Woollahra and Paddington Literary Society havo been suspended during tho remainder of tho present year-to bo resumed early in 1871. Hi» ExceUeney, tho Governor, will leavo town on the 21st inst. en route for Bathurst and Orange, returning In time for the birth- day ball on tho Oth Juno. It is understood,, that after tho depar- ture of tho next English mail, a Vlco-regal trip overland will bo made to Port Macquarie. - . Hugh Cameron confined in Dubbo gaol, charged with horse-steal- ing made a daring attempt to escape, by throwing a pot of boiling tea into the gaoler's face and then making off. Chase was given and Cameron recaptured.. He has since been committed for trial for this act of Jack Shepperdisam. Mrs Gilbert has been acquitted of the crime ot infanticide, said to havoebeen committed by her in 1864, at Bredbacoora, and a similar charge against Miss Teslongton has been withdrawn. Doptheria lian been successfully treated by blowing finely pow- dered »alt of sorrel Into tho patients throat, and two hours after causing him to Inhale the fumes of sulphur, produced by putting tho sulphur on hot ashes. Caro must be taken to avoid cola. Two seamen of tho ship Honan wero convicted at the W.r.O of assaulting tho captain ot that vessel, on his attempting to cntor the forecastle. A man employed aboa d the steam dredgo, Vulcan, accidentally foll into tho hold of that vessel and severely fractured his skull. It will bo perceived by advertisement, that tba extensively pa- tronized Cricket and General Fancy Goods Depot, for many years known as McMahon's in George-street, next the City Bank, has received considerable additions by tho transfer of tho wholo stock in-trade of Messrs Nicholl and Co. to Mr GEOROE HURLEY, who bas succeeded Mr McMahon in tho bnslnesa, which will bo carried on under the latter gentleman's superintendence. Wo can only designate tho Cartoon in Puiic/t of yesterday as a cruel and cowardly attack upon n gentleman who has never by word or action provoked so gratuitous an outrage. Surely our hitherto useful contemporary will seo, on reflection, that he will neither odd to lils popularity or respectability by his last publi- cation. The exquisite lines In yesterday's Herald, by "Ariel," in memory of the late Mr Tester, we hopo to find space for in our next issue. A PUZZLE ron DR BADU Aar.-" Nostra voluntas sum qui currjt caput simm plebis sod contra homo dio pax." j 