Mf Chapman's Entertainment. On Fridaj and Saturday Mr Chapman, the Predigistator, gave his wonderfully clever entertainment at tne Masonic Hall. On Thursday night, while gallantly assisting at a fire in Castlemaine, Mr Chapman, by some falling timber, sustained a very severe blow between the eyes, but we are glad to say that his plnck was sufficient to carry him through the performances as if nothing had occnrred- We have already noticed his sleight of hand tricks, and now ire can safely aver that in this portion of his business he is not at all second to Heller, and as to the wonderful second sight business, no candid observer will hesitate to give the palm to Mr Chapman's "Willie" over Mr Heller's " Haidee," hurting the fsct that oar common natur makes us lean towards the feir. eex. The sackfull of ghosts has created an immensity of astonishment. Prior to entering the cabinet, Mr Chapman makes an introductory speech, in which hp energetically decries spiritism, denounces it as wicked, and then states his intention of doing the Davenport Bros spirit tricks by merely clever deception, acquired after long practice. After tli? speech Mr Chapman was handcuffed, the key being retained by an ex-constable (the hands being behind his back), fie then got into a sack, the mouth of which was sealed up by a gentleman present. He was then conducted into the cabinet, into which had preciously been thrown whistles, gongs, drums, horns, ic. Presently the horrid din of the noncelestial music commenced! hands were seen from the top, the sides, and the bottom, and soon tbe instruments came Sying OTer the top, afterwards the coat ot tlie professosor, aud he then stepped forward minus his ccat but plus the handcuSs, winch were as securely fastned as before, while the sack was sound as ever with the seal unbroken. He was immensely applauded throughout the whole entertainment, and may rely on a cordial welcome should be come this way again. We may mention that during his stay here he taught a gentleman connected with this office to be spiritually tied un with any amount of knots and to loosen himself in a minute. This has been tried, and, to the surprise of a small circle of friends, the gentleman in question proves to be almost a Davenport. Whether he is under Hie seal of secrecy or not—he resolutely refuses to let anyone else into the mysteries of throwing himself into a doable knot, and then releasing himself in a twinhling. 