LOCAL JOTTINGS. BY PIIPO. "Ono fool makes many," is i aying that is npplicable to Camberoonn,and heo ought to be proud of it as rogards hiimselfl. Whoever would have thouight that when Ackbar wroto his description of tbo Camberwoll Aboriginal Christys, such a commotion would havo been the result. Camtberoona having written in the plural by calling himself IOs, I set my brains to work to solvo the mystery; but I have boon savced the trouble, thank goodness, i for A Ipersonl this welek signs himself "Oratorius." Antl fOr wiasln net fiun te's (uIlle notorioues. This Oratorius in eat bo the us, or part of him that Caitmberoona calls himself, t110 says that ho'd buy a dozen S.B.S'.'s if he thought. Cam- I borooin would write again. It would be t beotter flr himn to spend his as. in another I way (the Standard is 3d. a number) imori beulneicial to his deranged intellect-not that i I want to dodge you, M1r. Editor, out of 3s. I No, fhr from it; it would be thie last thing t I'd do, to okeep the broad out of my fellow t nan or woman's mouth.t " D)o induco Camberoona to write again," says this Oratorius, and winds upi his very t suipplicating letter by saying-" Adicu, adieu. I Ronemboer me!" taklting the part of the I ghost in Hamnct. But I think that Ilaumlet's 1 ghost was not quito such an ass as Ora torius. Onco moro has the mail arrived with the niews of theo war. On llIonday, when it was known that the Englishl mail was telegrapheld, crowds collected outside the Argus oflice to hear the news, excitement depicted oin all coiuitenanieos present, lights, quarrels; &e.;, 1 being the order ofl the hour. I hear one good i joke.-A GeOrman and anll Irisliian were I talkinig about the relative merits of the Gor man and Fronch soldiers, wlhen the German remarkelcd that his countrymnon were very brave soldiers, and couldn't be beaten by the French. " T'lhat may be," says Pat ; " but I remember lwhen all Irishman miade them run fast enough." lie alluded to the Battle of \Waterloo, the Duke of Wellington being an Irishman. I was sorry to see that there was anythling wrong or any doubt in the minds of some about the late IBaunton concert, but sucie seems to lhave been thoe caseo. It wsas only right, I think, that the public who attended the con cort should know how their moniey was dis tributed ; and I now 1hope that there is no doubt in the muinds of any one as regardls the proceeds at present. Royalty is once ire amongst uits, but no. excitemenout as in forimor times. You may re member, when H. It.I I. Prince Al'roil paid ius a visit before, what enthusiasm, tc., there wsas oil that occasion ; but suchi is not the case itt presenlt.. It's amunsing what nall effect the presence of Royalty had on soe iambitious feumles. If they lhalppenled to Iknow wherl e lie hliappened to be in towni, tlhere woulld they go, and by blushes and smiles id otlher stupidities try iail theeinitto ti Royali Il ighness. Poor innoconts I it was very bfoolish of tlhem, but they canll be. excused. I kinow' theu last tiime the Prince was out here imy intetudeld com ioniceil to be quiteo gushing. I swondered at the sudden tranisforlmatioe, and aslked myself, in the woirds of' that statesman and orator, G.P.S., " Why this chaingo " Shoe eovidently felt hler heart had gonie after the Sailor P'rince. I know an amibitiois father who ihas. a, datluglhtet', and lheird the following. dialogue betiwoen tlem:-i "Julia Ann Maria, miy dearest." " Yes, pa." "The Prince is coining past our place to. ilay, so diress yourself in your very very best, and nmice yourself look as gushing aind be wsitchling us possible; for, you knowv, the Piinco may do worse tlhan fall in love with. you." I may lhere addi that the girl in question was not possessed of the very best of faces, having high cheek-bones, freckleos, red. hair, andl a pug-nose. Talk about namateur peds.! You would talk about thorn if you know our HIawtlhorn lchamplions. Havitng heard that there were two dark 'uns training for the Grammar School Sports, I tried my best to find out whero they trained, so that if I could get near them without being seen, I could got the length of their tother.' Their training ground is a largo well-known paddock or Ipark on the main roatl, lwhicih I found out by a great deal to tdo. T'hi great ldeail consisted of bribing a little boy to tell lno whlere I could got without being noticed. Having taken a cup of cold colffee to keep mny spirits up, I sanatorodtl out one evoleniug, smoking a cigar (I2d.), to pay a visit to the above place, anid I vwas not dlisaipointetl, as I thought I might be, in seeiing th two craclks who are going to astonish the Iawthlornites at the fortlhconming sports. Their names 1 found to be ''omaso Ilobrylimny and Mickalo Ginclhio -the former ai walker', anid the latter a 'itrun nor. 1 hope I won't maieu cithecr of these aspiring " peds." Iproud by oaying that niever in the whole course of my life did I see such walking or running. I ticmed the lluawthmorn Tolploy with my own watchl, and I can confl dcitly assert that "'Toiloy "-the local one I mian-didu't tithe more than thirilyseconuls to (1o 15.0 yards ;; aidiuii the rimuner did tbu ex trimordinary porfoermanco of ruunnling 100. yartls in 24 seconds. T'he style of thu e walkor is not very taking to the eye, but there's seome tlhiig about it that tells ino thliie itre few in lhmusthornm that can beat hliui. I wiish thetis success witlu all iuy soul. All I've got to esy uOw is 0,, It wsilte yso're able, with all yoer heart aid soutl, T'fien over 1111 comestitisors yeu're pretty sure to boal MI like, they tilt nIl i you''eget it tii rothioi'." Yis, so 'tis. le brothter Pitt is taut to isself, oily hlmd.bsbor it lrolitid, aid mte in Amriky. 