A. CONSCIENTIOUS PAKISH CLEEK j The Whitehaven Herald publishes the fol lowing letter, which it says was actually sent to his incumbent by the clerk of a parish in the diocese of York, under circum stances which are sufficiently suggested in the document:—Dear Rev. Sir,—I avail myself of the opportunity of troubling your honor with these hlundered-up lines, which I hope you will excuso, which is the very sentiments of your humble servant's heart. I ignorantly, rashly, but reluctantly, gave warning to leave your highly respectable office and most amiable duty—of your most well-wished parish and place of my succour and support. But, dear sir, I well know it was no fault of yours, nor from any of my most worthy parishioners. It was because I thought I were not sufficiently paid for the interment of the silent dead. But will I be Judas and leave the house of my God, the place where His honor dwelleth, for a few pieces of silver ? No ! Will I bo Peter and deny myself of an office in His sanc tuary, and cause me to weep bitterly ? No 1 Can I be so unreasonable as to deny to ring the solemn toll that speaks the departure of a soul ? No! Can I leave digging the tombs of my neighbours and acquaintances, which have many a time made me to shudder and think of my mortality when I dig up the remains of some as I well knew ? No! And can I so abruptly forsake the service of my beloved Church, of which'I have not failed to attend every Sunday for these seven and a-half years, save one? No! Can I leave waiting upon you as a minister of that Being that sitteth between the cherubim, and that sitteth upon the wings of the wind ? No! Can I leave the place where our most holy service nobly calls forth and says—and I being a married man —" Let- no man put asunder" ? No 1 And can I leave that ordinance where you say "Thus and thu3 I baptize thee in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and become. regenerated and grafted into the body of Christ Jesus" ? No ! Can I think of leaving off cleaning the house of God, in which I take such a delight, in looking down her aisles and beholding the sanctuary of the table of the Lord ? No 1 And can I forsake taking a port in the|thanksgiving of women after childbirth, when mine own wife has been delivered these ten time3 ? No 1 And can I leave off waiting on the congregation of the Lord, which you well know, sir, is my delight ? No! Aid can I forsake the table of the Lord at which I have feasted for, I should suppose, full thirty times ? No! And, dear sir, can I ever forsake you, who have ever been so kind to me ? No! And I well know you will not entreat me to leave nor return from following after you, for where you pray there will I pray, where you worship there will I worship; your church shall bo my church, your people my people, and your God my God. By the waters of Babylon am I to sit down, and weep, and leave thee and my church, and hang my harp upon the trees that grow therein? No! "One thing have I desired of the Lord which I will require, even that I may dwell in the House of the Lord for ever, to behold the fair beauty of the Lord, and to visit His temple; more to be desired by me than gold: yea, than much fine gold; sweeter to me than honey or the honeycomb." Now, sir, this is the very desire of my heart to,wait upon you, which I hope you will find to be my delight, which hitherto has been, but I unthinkingly and rashly said I should no longer, for which I have roared for the very disquietness of my heart. Now, if you think me worthy to wait upon you, please tell the churchwardens all is recon ciled ; and if not, I will get me away into the wilderness and hide me in the desert in the clefts of the rocks. But I still hope to be your Gehazi, and when I meet my Shunamite say, " All is well." And I will conclude my blunders with my oft-repeated prayer—"Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen." Now, sir, I shall go on, with my fees the same as I found them, and will make no more trouble about them; but I will not—I cannot—' leave you nqr my delightful duties.—Your most obedient Bervant, G. G. 