. t NEW CATHOLIC SCHOOL. A meeting of the members of the Catholic Church was held in the Denominational school room, Bombala- street, on Sunday last. As an nounced by advertisement, the object of the meeting was to take the necessary steps to secure the erection of a building in Cooma to be used as a Catholic school house and teacher s residence. The meeting was well attended. The Very Rev. Dean O'Brien occupied the chair. The chairman rose and said : — We are called together to-day for one of the most noble and worthy of objects, to provide a school for our children, where they will be brought up in the religion of their fathers. An object upon which depends our happiness here and hereafter. Children are our hope, and our strength, they are the blossom of the district, and the fruits must be prepared in the blossom. What will anything avail them without a re ligious education ? Without it riches become a curse rather than a blessing. Without it honor, wealth, and secular learning make a man the greater evil in society, and enable him more and more to extend the empire of Satan. We might justly delight in a beautiful church, but all the churches and magnificent buildings erected from the beginning of the world are. almost all as no thing in comparison.to the immortal soul of one of these children. He who imparts religious education, or assists at the work, decorates the temple of the Holy Ghost, the spouse of Christ, prepares a Prince, aye even a King for the eternal kingdom. During the last month the average attendance was over fifty-four, with sixty-sis on the roll. There were admitted since 1S66, one hundred and seventy-five. These figures show the necessity of at once erecting a suitable building. They show also that the school has done much, not only for the tswn but also for the district. Should we neglect our duty in this respect, then we would be worse than the pagans, for we find from his tory, that the wisest sages of antiquity and the greatest Legislators of old, inade religion the principal part of their systems. Thus Lycurgus and Solon in Greece, and Romulus and iNuma in Rome, siade religion the basis of their institu tions. '' Egypt, the parent of science and art had one third of , its lands set apart for the support of religion. Consider all the lands, the cities, the tithes, the first fruits, &c;, that were by the order of God Himself, dedicated in the old law for religious education. There were in Jerusalem alone, over 400 schools arid synagogues where the law of Sod; was learnt and explained. We have not one single, Catholic school built in this district. From the fact that Manaro has been lamed for its generosity ; arid/from the kindness I have' .experienced from one 'end of the district to' the. other, I hope the parents will not reject this appeal for their dinx dear. children. As the school serves'al], so let assistance be given from 'ali'parts of the district, 'Some can give much, others only 'a little, but as many small streams make a large river, so, many small sums make a -.large 'iuncL I therefore appeal to all, your children for themselves, arid for thousands yet unborn, appeal to you for assistance in order to bring the blessings of a religious education on this district. (Cheers). He called on the mover of the first resolution to address the meeting: Mr. A. Montague proposed-*-' 'That this meet* ing, considering the very limited accommodation' of the building at present, and for the last three years, used for schoolpurposes, is of opinion that, steps shouldat bnce-be taken to makS provision1 in this respect- to- meet our growing require ments.' It needed no lengthy speech to make it plain ,th3t'.thej purport of the (abbve proposi-; tion would me§t?the views of alL, He could in form the meeting that the jnumber of children on the roll of .the; C.Qoma Catholic ', school for the past quarter, as per the return furnished to the Council of. Education, ._was. sixty -six; .and the average daily attendance : for the; same period numbered. fifty-five. The number of children received into the school since the passing of the Public Schools -^-ct was ISO. . . He was, informed that application had recently been made to the Council *of _Education._for. .an assistant teacher, and considering the average daily; attendance it must be, admitted that Mr. O'Ryan had no, easy task to perform.. The population in this district was so widely scattered as to. preclude the hope of obtaining in various localities even a half time school. „ AsLthe. meetingwjas aware, Cpoma, and Nimitybelle were the only, places in this part of the district ~ possessing permanent Catholic schools. It was not to be expected that' the Council-, of Education, at present composed, would afford facilities for the establishment of denominational schools, nor was it to be expected that an^ Government would sanction 'the sup port of schools under the Council d£ Education at every- squatting station.- Under existing cir cumstances, therefore, it was highly desirable that the Catholics of this district should have in Cooma a school house which 'would enable the teacher.toaccommodatea number of boarders. By having such a building, the humblest member of the persuasion,- could, and would afford to send at least one child to school as a boarder. The building, at present used as a school, he informed the meeting, was only rented, and they could not tell whether, or how soon, the land lord would' not require the place for other pur poses. An inspector might then pay a visit, and finding, Tnich;a state of things, report to the Council of Education in such a manner as would deprive) the Catholics of the Cooma division of the district of a school at all. The rent of the presentschool.house was £20 per annum. From a rough calculation he had made, it .would take about £400 to put up a good building . The land had already been provided for, so that one im portant part of the object in view had already been secured. . Looking at the matter on all points, he had no doubt . of the success which would attend the object of the meeting. He had nmch pleasure in proposing the resolution as above. ? Mr. James Hinton seconded the proposition, which was put to the meeting, and carried unanimously. Mr. P. J. J. Clifford proposed— 'That the following centlemen. with nower to add to their number, be appointed a committee to carry out the foregoing resolution : — The Very Rev. Dean O'Brien, Messrs. A. Montague, J. Cosgrove, W. Cosgrove, M. Harnett, J. Clifford, D. O'Rourke, T. W-. Heney, J. Barry, James Hinton, J. Culleni J. Cronin, J. I. O'Brien, J.Dunne, R. Barnes,'. T. Lynch, J. Pendergast, Jeremiah Flynn,'J. Moylan, J. Bourke, E. Devereux, J. Delane'y,1 T. O'Mara, — Woodhouse and the mover/' Mr. ;P. Curtis briefly seconded the resolution, which was put to the meeting and carried. Mr. T. W. Heney proposed—' That the Very Rev. Dean O'Brien, with Messrs. A. Montague and T?P J. J. Clifford, be appointed treasurers, and that Mr. O'Ryan act as: secretary.' In doing so, he considered that a very judicious selection had been made in the choice of gentle men to fulfil the duties of these important offices. Mr. J., Cronin seconded the proposition, when it was 'put to the meeting and declared carried. Mr. James Hinton proposed — ' That a sub scription list, in aid of the ereotion of a Catholic school-house in Cooma, be now opened.' He remarked that, as the meeting had appointed treasurers, it was necessary to give them some thing 'jo take care of. He had no doubt the Catholics of Cooma and the district, would by their liberality, afford those gentlemen and the committee the means wherewith to speedily set to work' and. have the proposed building erected within a short time. .: ? : Y . Mr. W. Parkinson' seconded the proposition. It was put to the meeting and carried, .r The sum of £61 was subscribed in the room. Mr. Montague gave half an acre of land in Cooma as the' site for the proposed school house. A vote of thanks to the Chairman brought the meeting to a close. 