. ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. SCONE. Ob Ote íihtor oí ¡he Maitland AfereuryJ SIB,-The distant readers of the Mercury might be led to think perhaps, from the weekly intelligence forwarded from this district, that Sconewas avery miserable place indeed-and one of the least towns of the Hunter, though bear- ing the name of one of Scotland's most ancient cities. Rest assured they would be undeceived if they came here Although, perhaps, a little more vigour might be instilled into its publie affairs ; and the leading men of the neighbour- hood might take a little more interest, and work a little more for their town- yet, on the whole, there is a fair share of life in the place, and some good influences are exerted to counteract the evil ones. Your readers are chiefly acquainted with the School of Arts, which is doing a little work for the town's good, in the shape of a debating olass and library ; but its half-yearly meetings are not always of the most elevating character, thongh perhaps the committee are in some measure bound te gratify the public taste which, in every case, is not the most refined. It is certainly a question whether nigger melo- dies are calculated to teach the young idea how to shoot in the right direotion. Still, even they may lead young minds away from worse enter- tainments, and pernicious habits. It is much to be regretted that the committee of our Benevolent Society do not stir them- selves a little more. It was understood that they had agreed to erecta hospital on land given by Mr. Dumaresq, but no plans have been heard of, and no tenders have been asked for. The railway men who most need a hospital will probably be gone before the building is com- menced. Perhaps after all it might be well if the committee were to entertain the idea of uniting with the hospital at the Brook, that their old men and patients may be attended to. One hospital well doctored and nursed is often better than two institutions imperfectly eared for. Another of our flourishing institutions is the Branch Savings Bank, under the management of Mr. Wilshire and some six or eight trustees. On December 31, 1869, there were 125 depositors, having over £7000 to their credit. This is very good for the district, and speaks well for the accountant and managers. We are informed that the bank ia open every Saturday from ten to twelve, when one of the trustees attends.to receive and pay deposits. Your readers have been often informed that there is a flourishing Publie School under a new master, Mr. Gregg, whioh|has.about 50 children ; but it may be as well to state that Scone is not quite so small a place as to have only that num- ber of young Australians fit for school. There is also a flourishing Church of England school, founded about twenty-five years ago by a mem- ber of that ohurch now deceased. This institu- tion has about 100 of the young Sconites, so that if the Public Sohool does well the Denomi- national School does better ; this perhaps is not to he wondered at when it has such teachers one holding a first-class English certificate, the other an Australian who has attained a good classification. For ten years Mrs. Ledger has managed this Behool, and the old residents of the town bave never deserted the mistress who came out a long voyage to teach their children, and to beoome a widow, giving up many comforts in the old country to endure many troubles in those ten years. She baa done a good work for the town and colony during that time. This school, when we visited it, seemed to be well provided with all that is needed to carry on the work of education in the modern style, being able to accommodate about 130 pupils. Scone feels the heat; it especially felt it during' the past week-thermometer, 100°. Perhaps it may be called a hot place, but it is a healthy one. A very active doctor, a new doctor's shop, a sober dispenser, and the con- templated hospital will keep the inhabitants' health all right Mental ailments, however, sometimes occur here-whether from fright at ghosts or from the purity of the intoxicating liquors it is hard to say Poor Marshall's (the baker's) complaint was mental when he hanged himself yesterday morning. It was a sad end for a useful member of society. He was buried in the cemetery the same afternoon. A good deal of building is going on now in the town, so that, with the railway works, there is much life around. Scone hopes to be eight miles nearer the rail in another month ; as it is, there are many advantages from the terminus being at Muswellbrook. I am, &o.;, A RESIDENT. Scono, Feb. 19. 