THE HERBERT RIVER. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) IN "Jottings by a Tattler," in the Sydney Mail of 9th of July last, there appears a para-<*> graph commencing thus:— "There is a wild white man on the Herbert River, somewhere in Hirer, the Northern districts of Queensland— above Cleveland Bay." It it not my intention to cavil with this statement m regards the existence of the " wild white man:"— on this point, (office it to My, that we (who are within a few mile* of the locality in question, and which is well known to us) have never come aeroat any " wild white man," or traces of his existence; and therefore oonsider Dan Defoe's ghost would not profit much by reappearing. The Herbert Hirer cer tainly U tomewhert in Northern Queensland; but as this is a very vague definition of its actual position, I have thought a few remarks as to its whereabouts, and the general character of the i country along its banks, will not prove unac ceptable to your readers. First of all, then, this river empties itself into the Hinchinbrook channel, about four or five miles from the southern end of the island of Hinchinbrook, and about twenty miles to the southward of the township of Card well. It is a bar river, but beautifully sheltered by the above named island, under which there is deep an chorage. On the banks of the river, for the first four miles, is low swampy country, with mangroves to the water's edge; after which the river becomes more defined, with open country upon either banks, well adapted for the culture of sugar cane; and upon the right bank of this river, some five thousand acres for this purpose have already been taken up. These selections consist of portions of extensive plains, reach ing from the shores of Halifax Bay on the south, to the base of the Sea View er Main Bange some fifteen or twenty miles to the westward. This country is some of the richest that can be found in Queensland, and although in parts swampy, can be more easily reclaimed by drainage, and at less expense than scrub lands I could be cleared in more southern localities. I From the top of Mount Catherina, an isolated hill upon the eastern verge of these plains, you obtain an uninterrupted view of the whole of < this splendid district. Portions of the selections made have been taken up under the Crown Lands Alienation Aot of 1868, partly under the coffee and sugar : regulations, and partly under the conditional purchase and homestead clauses, and as a mat ter of course have a river frontage; but this would not debar selectors from taking up equally good land in the rear, as even the back portions are pronounced by good authorities to be, if drained, superior in richness to the river frontage, always remembering that the land is without a tree and ready for the plough. Upon the left banks of the river also are open , plains, not so extensive, but stretching as far i as the banks of another river called the Sey mour, running parallel to the Herbert, and emptying itself also into Hinchinbrook Channel, some four or five miles to the northward. The navigation of the Herbert is not particularly good, owing to the washing away of its banks in times of flood, thereby causing * deposit in the bed of the stream. Notwithstanding this draw back, it is always navigable for punts and flat bottoxed boats, such as would be required for conveyance of machinery or in bringing down produce. Our acting Crown Lands Commissioner, Mr. B. G. Bheridan, who has lately been on a tour for the classification of the lands already taken up on the Herbert, and with whom I have con versed, reports most favorably of the country, and says that he has not seen any place m Queensland more suited for the cultivation of sugar-cane. This opinion, coming as it doej from a gentleman who held until lately the position of Lands Commissioner for the Wide Bay Mid Burnett district, also a sugar-growing locality, must be deemed worthy of some con sideration. This district generally, from what I have seen and gathered from reliable sources, is one in whioh capital could be invested to the greatest advantage, and the easy access to its magnificent harbor would at all times fawKtatt the operations of the future settler. 