~~ THE ELECTIONS. 9 ? 'Well ! The obstructive faction, headed by Martin and Parkes, have been gratified ?with an appeal to the country, and what is the result 1 The result is that all their leading men are politically shelved. Their great financier, Mr. Eagar, who was to head the poll in West Sydney, found him self at the bottom ; and the Hastings, 'which was to set him again on his feet, recorded only two votes in his favor. At the Gold Fields he could not find a mover or a seconder. Wilson is defeated by a large majority at Singleton, and Burns, Walker, Isaacs, De Sal is, Lucas, Stewart, — all are gone ! May such be the fate ol every faction which, for its own lelfish aggrandisement, shall attempt to set up a sectarian tyranny in this free country ! The East Sydney election was no doubt A great victory to the faction. The Orangemen and the Protestant Association had been at work for months preparing for that great result. By raising a lying re port of a Catholic organisation, which had no existence but in their own wicked ima ginations, they succeeded in stirring up the nonesi; prejudices oi a large nuuioer ot Protestants, who allowed themselves to be deluded by this cry — the best illustration we remember of the old complaint of the wolf against the lamb. To . what extent must these electors have been befooled by their Orange leaders before they could make up their minds to sacrifice a staunch Protestant like Mr. Cowper, and elect the ' unattached' Sir James, and the nonde loript Buchanan. I And that these so- called Protestant leaders might still farther disgrace their cause, it is now certain that they succeeded to a large extent in falsifying the electoral roll, — a species of 'treason-felony' for wiuuu, we trust, tue law uas provided, or will shortly provide, an effectual remedy. An inquiry respecting the locality of those freeholds which enabled Mr. John Davies and his gang to place Parkes and his men above Mr. Cowper, will probably lead to lome better mode of compiling the electo ral lists, which are at present in a most disgraceful state of corruption through the ! machinations of this infamous faction. It is always fair to give the devil his aue, ana we wiumgiy admit that much in the result of the Sydney elections is due to the powerful organization of these secret societies. The Government had no orga nization to oppose these factions. The Catholic organization, which these political I ,,: scoundrels asserted to exist, — which they held up as a rag to terrify weak 'Protes tants, and the assumed existence of which I ' ? , , formed the only possible excuse for their 1 own existence in this free country ? the I Catholic organization proved to be |as com ; :, plete a myth as the ' Kiama Ghost,' and ?;/,',;.. .''I the well organised Orange [faction ?av ?- -;i . triumphed accordingly; in the rejection of ! Mr. Cowper and the return of Parkes and Buchanan, w : It was a great victory, and wholly, un expected. It was hailed as' a triumph, and it was to give the tone to all other elections throughout the country. Parkes was already Premier; Martin, Chiei Justice, and the valiant ' Major,' Grand Juror of the colony. ' 0 rerum liuma narum vices /' (Cic). Alas ! for the insta bility of all human things ! This great victory was worse than a defeat. Tbe thing was overdone. At first people were stunned. They had hardly recovered from their stupor during the West Sydney elec tion, although a little reaction was visible there, but throughout the country there was one universal cry of indignation, and but for the difficulty of finding fitting candidates, it seems certain that not a single supporter of the late Government would .hate been returned to the new Parliament. As it is, all their leading men are gone into retirement, where we wish them a Happy New Year, and a Jong rest from their political labors. It never has been the wish of Catholics to put forward specially members of their Church as candidates. There are not many of us in this colony who have leisure, and are at the same time qualified -in other rpsnp.r.ts. WV» havp. uanallv nrp.fp.rrefl liberal Protestants. On the present occa sion a much larger number have become candidates, and it is highly honorable to the good feeling of the Protestants in the electorates for which Catholics have stood, that they have been, with hardly an exception, we believe, returned ; and, in several instances without opposition. In this way have liberal Protestants through out the colony repudiated the dictation of Mr. Parkes and the Orange societies, and thereby done themselves immortal honor. Such men do as they would be done by, and we assure them that Catholics recipro cate their good feeling, and will be ready, in like manner, to stand by them in their time of need. Such Protestants have nothing whatever to fear from us. We seek nothing for ourselves which we are not most willing to concede to others. We speak authoritatively in saying that, as a body — whatever errors may be attri buted to a few individuals — we have no view but what is consistent with the most extensive and equal freedom for all ; and as our principles are less fluctuating than those of some others, we venture to pre dict — that the Catholics of this colony will be found to be the steadiest auxiliaries of those statesmen who shall seek the real good of the community ; and the scourge of such as, like the present defeated faction, seek to raise themselves to supreme power by pandering to prejudices which belong to a bygone age. In noticing the admirable conduct of the electors generally on this occasion, it gives us great pleasure to observe that the same good feeling that has been extended to us has been exhibited towards gentle men of the Jewish faith. It is an honor to any country to distinguish such men as Mr. Samuel and Mr. Salamon, and we believe that the new Assembly will con tain several other professors of that most ancient faith. 