To What France Owes her Downfall. It is singular that the principle which Louis Napo leon invoked to secure his elevation to the throne of France, Bhould have in the end ruined him. It was upon corruption that he relied to accomplish his ambition, and corruption has eaten him up. The truth is told by his vast army on paper, easy enough to marshal in bureaus out very ineffective against an actual foe ; chassepots by the million, duly noted and registered, receipted and paid for, but never delivered ; mountains of fixed ammunition, properly lolled and made up, but composed for the most part of non-explosive sand, answering all the require ments of weight but nothing else ; imperfeot fuses, lighting readily, but going out before results could be reached, and shells constructed bo as to explode harmlessly in the air and not in the enemy's limes. No such huge, festering mass of corruption and rascality has ever been revealed to the world as that of tbe late French Empire. It fairly reeks to Heaven. The talk of another coup d'etat is not by any means as wild as it would seem at the first glance. The large army of plunderers who had such a good time under the Empire, --forging vouchers for chas sepots in large numbers and pocketing the proceeds — appropriating the 2000 francs demanded from each person conscripted, who did not wish to serve drawing rations and pay for a large and profitable army .on paper represented by mere numerals, created at a dash of the pen, but as expensive to the national treasury as real lire soldiers with backs to clothe and stomachs to fill — these blood-suckers and vampires, the legitimate spawn. of a Government founded on corruption, will not giro up so long as there is even a ghost of a show to bring back their wooden Csesar and set him on high, to be worship ped by all men, while they devote all their energies to the cleaning out of whatever is now left of man hood, honour, and vitality in the French nation. The restoration, or attempted restoration of JLouis Napoleon, is not only a. possibility, but a probability. —News of the World. 