Çfte Cmptte» TUESDAY, JULY 5, 1870. THE agitation which has for years been going on in England, and is now apparently culmi- nating, on tho subject of Education, is not limited in its aims to the extension of the advantages of Primary Schools. With great earnestness, a large number of the most intellectual men of England are seeking to secure such reforms in the government of the Universities as may render them more con- ducive to the great ends for which they have been founded. Before tho inquiries which have been stirred up in relation to the history and constitution of the ancient Universities of England, numer- ous prejudices and erroneous assumptions have been swept away. And the work will go on. An increasing determination is manifest to make the advantages which the Universities are fitted to confer, by ample and many sided mental culture, available to the utmost possible extent for the good of the nation. Of course an outcry is raised against the " spoliation" proposed by the reformers, who dare with sacrilegious hands to touch those time-honoured institution's. But the charge of " innovation" has been well met, by an appeal to the history of the Universities. It is shown that the abolition of religious tests, tho provision of facilities for tho access of students possessed of small means to the enjoy- ment of the chief benefits of these Universities, the introduction of the democratic element into their internal government, if carried into effect to the full extent demanded by the so-called innovators, would but restore to these vener- able institutions the more generous system by which they were regulated in times of yore. An article in tho last number of the British Quarterly, on " the Old Universities." supplies facts from the records of Oxford and Cam» bridge that fully bear out this assertion. The restrictions which have been most vehemently objected to by the radical reformers are in fact innovations introduced two hundred years ago, on the more liberal government of earlier days. And going back to the very earliest authentic traces of the Uni versities in England, there are proofs to be found that from the beginning they were truly republics of letters, their whole management being conducted on what would now be called democratic principles. Some time in the twelfth century, in the reign probably of Henry II., a number of students were formed into an academical corporation, recognised by the Crown, and collected under the protection of the Monastery of Saint Frideswide. These students had the right of self-government. They were subject to no bishop ; and on some occasions, when the Pope himself endeavoured to render them amenable to ecclesiastical authority, they repudiated his right to inter fere. They were ruled by a chancellor and two proctors, elected by tho Masters of Arts. To carry out their internal government, without dependence on any external authority, they had their court-house, treasury, and prison. It is likely enough that the discipline of the University partook in some measure of the harshness and violence that marked the administration of law in the King's Courts. But the face which is of importance in relation to the present position of the work of University, reform is this,—that in their early days the Universities were self-governed. In the reign of Henry III. the students of Oxford formed a distinct element in the civil war, in which they took part with the Barons on behalf of those constitutional rights which at that, time were committed to the charge of tho first House of Commons. That fact is alone enough to prove that in number the students were not merely a few scions of tho wealthiest families in tho king- dom. But it is expressly recorded that before 1348 there were in the University of Oxford 30,000 students. It is calculated that the number of inhabitants in England and Wales was then but three millions ; so that the number of students was equal to one per cent, of the population. Making all reason- able allowance for exaggeration on the part of the chronicler upon whose authority that number is given, and for the foreign students who attended tho English Universities, it remains an unquestionable conclusion, that in the fourteenth century the pro- portion of the young men in the kingdom who availed themselves of the benefits of University education was much larger than now ; and, it must be con- fessed, very much larger than is the case in New South Wales, where the students a the University are scarcely one in ten thousand of the people. The hints that have come down to us as to the expense of maintenance at the University show that it was far cheaper in proportion to the common cost of living than it has been in later centuries. Baliol allowed his scholars £1 14s. 8d. a year, besides lodging and livery. Reckoning the cost of necessaries at one- tenth of what they are now, it follows that students in Oxford in the fourteenth century could maintain themselves at about the same rate as may now be done at the Scottish Universi- ties. In other words; any young man who had ability and love of learning, and who was a little above absolute poverty, could maintain himself at Oxford University. Another point, of great interest in tho history of the Universities of England, is their freedom from sectarian exclusiveness, at a period when persecution for religion was common in tho kingdom. When the Jews were expelled from the rest of England, in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, some of them were securely dwelling in tho Univer sity of Oxford, where tho students and authori- ties protected them for the sake of the instruotion they gave in Hebrew literature. Thus gloriously, in the midst of medieval bigotry, were learning and religious liberty allied, So when John Wiklif (or Wickliffe, as the name is more commonly but less correctly written) was persecuted by tho ecclesiastical authori- ties, who sought to put a stop to his doctrines, Oxford protected him. When Richard II. demanded of the University to deliver up " the heretic," they refused to obey tho royal mandate, pleading the ancient rights and liberties of their republic of letters. When freedom of speech was suppressed in other parts of the kingdom, there were heard in the chapel which served as the Convocation House of the University, until the time of Charles I., and which still stands at the entrance to St. Mary's Church, Oxford—long and unfettered dissussions between Domini- cans, Franciscans, and Lollards. There Wiklif was tried, and forbidden, by sentence of his academical judges, to proclaim any more the condemned doctrines. But after that decision, so much freedom of utterance was still exer- cised in the same place that bishops, year after year, denounced it as " a nest of Lollards, as a structure out of which tares were sown among the wheat, as a vineyard that bore only wild grapes." For centuries before tho Reformation, the Universities, from the appropriate influence of knowledge in raising men above the pre judices and passions of tho day, were the fountain head of liberal principles, tho refuge of religious toleration and free speech. It was during the rule of the Stuart Dynasty, while a retrograde policy was pur- sued by the sovereigns and their chief advisers, and unhappily influenced many who might have been expected to be above such subser- vience, that the democratic element was banished from the Universities. Archbishop Laud succeeded in effecting two great changes at Oxford. First he took away the election of the proctors from the great suffrage of the masters, and conferred it on a narrow body of electors ; then he transferred it to the colleges separately, each of them in turn, after a certain cycle, having the privilege of electing its own proctor ; ultimately, the appointment of proctors became a mere piece of patronage. A few years afterwards Laud took away their right to the initiative in legislation, leaving them only the power of veto, and gave the soic right of the initiative to the heads of colleges, men who might be relied upon as thoroughly subservient to the king and hierarchy. Thus the ancient democratic con- stitution of the University, with respon- sible officers, was changed into a narrow senate, a submissive instrument of royal and ecclesiastical designs. Though Laud was condemned and executed, his work was not undone; and after the restoration another great injury was inflicted on the Universities and the nation, by the passing of tho Act of Uniformity, a monument of the folly and injustice that swayed the Parliament of England in that reactionary period, which the nation has not yet had the resolution to expunge. By this Act the venerable seats of learning, where Jews and Lollards had been protected from the insensate fury of a bigoted age, were stripped of their chief glory and reduced to the level of exclusive sectarian schools. At last the work of recovering Oxford and Cambridge from the fetters imposed upon them in an evil day, and retained with morbid perverseness for two cen turies, has been begun. In 1854 an Act was passed which to some extent removes the barrier of a religious test. And last year the University of Oxford so modified its rules as to admit of students obtaining the instruction there given, without involving themselves in all the extravagant expenses required in ordi- nary cases. Further amendments will doubt- less be made in the way of abolishing restric- tions imposed for selfish purposes or under the influence of misapprehensions. The writer of the article referred to thus speaks of the future :—" The Universities have a great work before them. They can send out men whose self-respect will enable them to counter- poise tho insolence of sudden wealth, and the equal insolence of hereditary rank. Nothing gives a man more complete independence than the consciousness of intellectual powers, pro- vided only he has the courage to use his powers according to his convictions, bravely, modestly, and conscientiously. It is time that some- new force should be found in tho world of politics and social life, something which may be different from rank, wealth, and num- bers. But if the Universities are to do a great work in educating and instructing the people, they must be fairly open to the whole nation, as its undoubted inheritance; and they must be free from sectarian taint. Then they will re-open the way which in the days of their early activity and freedom they anxiously made broad, and along which diligence and ability, however humble may be their origin, may advance, and thus they will be empowered to reach the social influence which they have lost for so long a time, because they have been pressed into the service of bigotry, injustice, and selfishness." TUE INTERCOLONIAL- EXHIBITION.-The Victorian Commissioners of the Sydney Intorcolo nial Exhibition have received a telegram from Sydney, in consequence of which they are enabled to postpone the time for the recoption of certificates from the 10th to tho 23rd of July, upon which latter date they must positively be in the possession of the secretary in Melbourne. AVines and preserved meats intended for exhibition aro requested te be forwarded with as little delay as pos- sible. It has been decided by the Commissioner of Customs to allsw all goods from Yiotoria, exhibited in Sydney at the forthcoming Intercolonial Exhibition, to return to the colony without the payment of duty. Tho Sydney council have made some modifications in their definition of the number of exhibits which ono certificate will cover, so that under certain circum- stances only one will be required for a small col- lection. THE LATE ACCIDENT TO ARCHBISHOP FOLDING. The numerous friends of the Archbishop, of all denominations, as well as the people of his own Church, will bo sorry to hear that his Grace has not yet recovered from the effects of his recent accident. He assisted yesterday at the mass, in the temporary cathedral, but was so weak as to be compelled to leave the sanctuary twice during the service. We feel assured that we cxprosa the general wish of the com- munity in saying that we hope soon to hear that his lordship has quite recovered. THE QUEENSLAND GOLD-FIELDS. -Tho following important announcement appears in tho Queensland Government Gazette :-'. Keferring to the notice issued undor date tho 29th January, 1867, offering rewards for the discovery of now gold- fiolds, and specifying the conditions under whioh such rewards were to be claimed, it is hereby notified for general information that his Excellency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to cancel the notice and regulation referred to, with tho view to more legitimate encoaragement being given for the dis- covery of now gold workings, by granting extended mining claims to prospectors. By his ExcoUency's command. Wm. Henry Walsh." . The band of the 18th Royal Irish will perform the following programme in tho Botanic Gardens, this nftcraon (weather permitting), commencing at 3p.m.:-March, "Journal," Streek; overture, Lo Domino Noir," Aubor; waltz, "Il Bacio," Anliti; "Grand Duoliesse," Strauss; galop, "SchnetfaJ," Gibbon ; " God savo tho Queen." ST. BENEDICT'S YOUNO MER'S SOCIETY.-Tho inau (rural leoturo of thia sooioty, -was dolivured by tho Kev. Dr. Forrest, Hector of St, John's Collogo, last ave«, ing, at St. Benedict's school-room. Tho Rev. Father Dwyer occupied the chair, and in introducing tho lecturer, expressed his regret at tho small attendance. There were on tho platform-The Very Kev. Dr. Quinn. Bishop of Bathurst ; Dr. M'Alroy, of Albury, the Kev. Fathers Hickey, Darcy, Mahoney, Fitzpatrick, and several other olorgymen, and Mr. Sirkitt the presi- dent of tho society. Amongst tho audience were many clergymen, and Messrs. M'Carroll, Hurley, Flanagan, Curran, and others. Tho reverend lecturer stated at .onie length tho objects of tho society. Thero was in the late Father Corish's time a «iinilarsocioty, at whioh there had been some voiy brilliant assemblages, and where many of the leading men of Sydney had delivered lectures. Ho had no doubt that under Father Dwyer, tho revivified Hociety would flourish, and becomo as great as tho former. It was necessary, he urged, for tho success of the society to develop the minds of the members, religiously and morally, educationally and literary. The means for bringing about this good result was by reading good books, nnd having common-sense lecturers, on subjects adapted to tho understanding of the audience. Also by havi '3 musical evenings, inter- spersed with readings from the best authors. Thot aa a protection against vice, and to give other enjoyment, tho members should bring their mothers and sisters to tho reunions.^ Tho lecturer concluded by giving a fow words of advice to young men. During tho delivery of tho lecture, tho Kev. Dr. Forrest introduced a series of humorous and witty anecdotes, which excited tho risibility of tho assemblage. Tho meeting broke up with a vote of thanks to tho reverend lecturer, and also to Father Dwyor. FBOKEKSION OF TWO NUNS.- An interesting cere- mony took placo 011 Saturday last, at the Convent of tho Good Shcphcid, in Titt-strcot. On that day two young ladies, both of whom had passed the novitiate, or period of probation, in the Stater-house at Rosebank, became "professed" members of the community. Most of tho Catholio clergy of the city, tho Rev. Father Hickey, of the Dublin University, aud many lay friends of the institution were present at the cere- mony, which took place during tho Mass, Tho Very Rev. Father Sheehy, the Vicar-General, was the celebrant. Tho ceremony began with the Hymn to tho Holy Ghost, " Vcni Creator Spiritus." This over, th» two novices advanced to the foot of the altar, and werb formally asked hy the Vicur-Goueral what it was that they wished, and whether they had fully considered tho difficulties ot the lifo they desired to lead. Each novice replied that sho wished, ns a Sister of tho Good Shepherd, to serve God in the persons of His poor, and that she lind made her choice with full deliberation. The Mass was then begun. After the Gospel a vory oloquont sermon was preached by Father Mahoney, who chose for his text tho word», "Mary hath chosen the better part," and who spoke of the excellence, the responsibility, and the reward of the lifo upon whioh tho young religious were about to enter. Just before tho Communion the novices advanced once moro to the altar, and there knelt for a few moments in prayer. Then the celebrant turned towards them, held the Sacred Host befuro them, and in Its presonco each novice read the formal profession of her vows. Theso aro three in number, viz. :-Obedience, by which she promises to obey all the commands of her lawful superior, provided always that mich commands entail no sin ; Poverty, by which sho renounces all tomporal goods and oinoluinonts ; and Chastity, by which she binds herself to a life of celibacy. Tho Holy Commu- nion was thon administered. The Mass was continued, and at its duse tho celebrant placed upon tho finger of each novico a ring-the pledge of her espousals to tho Church ; and upon tho breast of each novice a cross, tho type of her arduous lifo, and a constant memento of Him whom she had promised to serve. Tho vows, we believe, are not "solemn," but "simple," i.e., they may be cancelled at anytime (with sufficient cause) by the bishop of tho diocese without medication to Rome. ExniniTiow OF COLONIAL SUDAR CANE AND SUOAIIS. -Yesterday Mr. C. Bate, the agent of the Australa- sian Sugar Growing Company, invited a number of capitalists to his rooms for tho purpose of inspecting some selected samples of sugar cane, grown by Mr. Longworth, of tho Manning River. During tho day tho Hon. D. Egan, Postmaster-General, Mr. FouÇade (a gentleman well versed in sugar growing), Mr. M'Rea, and several others were present. The canes exhibited were aa follows : Bourbon No. 1, measures sixteen feet mx inches in height, and at the thickest part of its base seven inohes in circumference ; towards tho top it tapers to about threo inches. This yellow cano of eighteen months' growth was much admired by the visitors. The joints are about six'inches long. Bourbon No. 2, eight months old canes, are of much larger dimen- sions than the former, the thickest measurement being eight and a-half inches by thc tape. The joints are also further apart, but tho length is less by fully threo feet. Tahitian, 01 China cane, is much thinner than tho others, but is said to produce very excellent sugar. The growth of this is eighteen months, and it measures sixteen feet six inches high. Tho length of tho joints ,aro further apart than any of tho others, which is con- sidered by competent judges to be of great conse quenco as regards tho quantity of sugar produced from the finishings. Th« ribbon cano is also a very beauti- ful specimen. It ia in appearance similar to tho No. '2 Bourbon, measures fifteen feet from end to and, and ii six inches in circumference, which thickness it maintains for about four feet and a-half. These plants are of eighteen months' growth. At tho «am« time samples of colonial-grown sugars war« oxhibitod. Thoy comprised light and yellow counters and ration. Mr. Neild, of tho Hastings, sent three samples ; Mr. Andrews, Manning River, four sanrplco ; Mr. Poole, also of tho Manning, two samples ; Mr. S. Verge, Macleay River, four samples ; and Mr. Bryco, of thc same district, two samples. With but one exception, these wore pronounced to bo of excellent quality ami quite suitable for this market. The sugar that waa not considered to bo a saleable article hero was thought likely to suit the Engliih or German markets. Th« company embarked in this undertaking is said to b< nearly formed, and they expect to bo enabled to atari several mills for the enBUshig season. Thoy tin promiaod several hundred acres of cane under cultiva tion ready for cutting this year, ami when operation! commence tho growers of tho cane guarantee to extent their cultivatiou to between four and five thousand acres. MEAT-rBEHBliviNC.-A number of gentlemen inter ested in meat-preserving assembled at tho custom house, Melbourne, On the .'10th June, for tho purposi sf inspecting a parcel of meat consigned ti Messrs. M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co., by tho shi| Crusader, and pruscrred by Professor Gaingee'i process. The Ttlepraph reports that the meat, which consistod of mutton and pork, had beet placed in wooden casés, barrels, and somo in 1 vessel made of boiler plates with a hermotically-fittiaj lid. Portions of the preserved meat were packed ii tallow, some in oat husks, and tho remaining joints wer sewn in cunvas, and also packed in oat husks. On open ing the wooden case thc tallow was found to be mild* wei and emitted a decidedly unpleasant odour. The meat as well as that in tho- barrels and hon vessel, wag eithe tainted or quito bad. Of thc two th» pork was in th better condition ; but it, as well as the mutton, wa unfitted for human consumption. The trial cannot b regarded other than unfavourable. At the office of th Melbourno Meat-preserving Company, a tia of mutton preserved by Mr. W. B. Tooth, of Clifton station Darling Downs, was opened. The meat, though fit fo use, did not look appetising, and seemed to have bee: overdone, while the jelly was wanting in consistency A tin of mutton and ono of beef, preserved by tho Mel bourno company, wore then opened, and the contras between the Victorian and Queensland speoimens 0 meat-preserving became at once apparent. Tho mea preserved by the Melbourne company was firm, of gooi colour, and when tasted proved to be exquisito, i number of experts who were present assorted that th Queensland sam plo could not bo compared with th article preparad _ under tho superintendence of Mi Ritchie. Referring to tho Garages experiment th Argus goes moro fully into detail, as follows :-Th shipment to be opened consisted of two cases, a cask and an iron cylinder, all very tightly fastened down i bo air-tight, and presenting appearances of the injec tion of sulphurous gases nt the last moment. The to] of the iron oylinder was screwed down with nuts, ai india rubber wasbor between the lid and tho topmakis] tho airtightness doubly secure The cases were o pine-weod, one inch thick, solidly put together, am airtightness was scoured by india rubber cording 1 dd ii a groovo all round the case, so that the top jainmei down on it filled ull interstices. In the oylinder th moat was packed in oaton husks, and in the eases ii oaten husks and salt. The cask was filled up withrefinei fat, se that no extreme caro to keep out the air had to h. . taken. It was the only ono ot the packages tba appeared knocked about, for the others looked a though completely undisturbed during the voyage and the outsido of tho cases was scarcely marked Inside, the meat was packed ia linen bags. When tb iron oylinder was opened, the gas burst out with a hiss but the meat, inoluding a whole sheep, very soon lef no doubt that the process of preservation had proveí a failure. The same was tho case in all tho other pack ages. We saw no beef, only mutton and pork. Th mutton, was almost decomposed, and when brough to light the stonch arning from the putrii remains was intolerable. The pork-tho easiest of al to preserve-gave hope when first seen. The joint and pieces appeared fresh, ruddy, and almost appe tising, but on being cut open they were found in over; instanco hopelessly tainted to the bone, and utter! unfit for human food. The bystanders were not lon] in arriving at their conolusionB about the meat, am soon separated, for the odour of tho meat inoreosed 01 exposure to the atmosphere to a sickening point. Th " meat," amounting, with tallow and all, to 6271b not was forthwith sold at ld per lb to Messt s. Bayldon am Graham, the tallow-makers, who, without loss of time had it carted off to Cochin's boiling-down houses 01 the banks of tho Yarra, whoro even tho abominabl stink that had driven away the company at th Custom-houso was no doubt lost in tho worse smells o that unpleasant establishment. A good definition of a model farm or Li one that make his land do double duty without impoverishing it. 