cr lerine ItraE ECnUGA, WliBXESDAy, JULY 20, 1870. The varied climates of this earth, creating1 tlie diversified productions of nature, tend more to unite and establish' communion among mankind than were there no differ ence in temperature on the surface of the globe. The light material used for garments j in the Indies and Brazil, and other tropical countries, is made in Great Britain, from flax grown in Russia; and from the climes of the tropics the producc of the sugar-cane finds a market all over the world. It is the inter change of commodities which causes inter course between nations, rendering the tea of' | Ctina, and the coffee of Jamaica and Ceylon, | prized and used among every civilized people So'toetifties it happens that aspiring comiViiini ties endeavor to establish amongst themselves ifidustries which Cannot be advantageously carried on, and such indeed would he the ca?3 were Melbourne to strive fo compete with Manchester, Belfast, or Dundee in their Manufactures. Even ill the same country-, different branches of industry become identi fied with special localities, and when competi tion is attempted elsewhere, it generally fails. In their different descriptions of iron work, Birmingham and Sheffield are unequalled, and, without any special cause, different industries, such as the manufacture of .velvet at Genoa, lace at Brussels, and shawls at Paisley, become associated with particular places. Operatives from these places, frho have immigrated to Australia in the hope of realizing fortunes on the goldfields, and who with disappointed expectations seek to estab lish their own description of industries, will not find an intelligent public prepared to pay double the price for inferior articles or manu factures in order to give thtSm employment. The colonies are entirely unfit to enter into a cutlery competition with Sheffield, and thongh we may yet compete successfully with Britain in the manufacture of woollen cloth, that of flax into canvas and fine lineti, or jute into carpeting-, is in the meantime beyoad our ability. The policy, therefore, which we rdvocate, of, as far as possible, confining' to Victoria our orders for machinery and other app'iaices for railways and public works, must not be alloxed to degenerate into a waste of capital, or the acceptance and use of inferior: articles. However desirous an en lightened political economist may bo to afford employment in his own country, he would never dream of taxing or injuring' five hun dred thousand people for the special benefit of five hundred; on the contrary, he would assume that where industries required forcing or nursing, the country was unprepared or unsuited for their establishment. In those days competition is felt to be more and more the soul of trade. The time is past for the fettering of commerce or for hotbed legisla tion, and when brought to the test, and having their own interest directly in volved, all desire to buy in the cheapest market. There is not a steamboat proprietor on the Murray, however much he may be identified with Echuca, that would buy or build a barge for his boat here, if lie could obtain one cheaper and better at Went worth or Goolwa; nor would he deal with a local merchant, if he could conveniently ob tain the rope, oakum, and other appliances or materials he requires, at a less cost in Mel bourne: Further, in illustration, it is certain that were the brewers in Echu'ca to make in ferior ale to that bra wed in Sandhurst or Castlemaine, or charge a higher price, their trade would sf esdily leave them ; for howevi r much hotelkespers may desire to support Iocs>l firms, they would not do so to their own loss or injury.- Undoubtedly the sending of money out of a 'country or town for goods which can be obtained in it equally well, is bad policy, but while fully admitting that, it would be unwise to maintain local industries at a palpable loss. If there is any class more than another which has immigrated to Vic toria in superabundance, it is that of clerks Many of these have been obliged to endeavor to gain their bread by physical labor, and if a superabundance of skilled mechanics arrive on. these shores, they mustsimply take theirchance as others have had to do before theni. Immi gration is open to all, but the immigrant comes here at bis own risk, and the idea is rapidly gaining ground thai he should also invariably do so at his own cost. Supported immigrajtion .is apt to lead to delusive hopes ; j and individual suffering. Even the present outcry, in some quarters, for agricultural ! labor, demands investigation. The employ ment given to that class is so intermittent, and the accommodation on the farms generally so wretched, that a Lithian or Yorkshire ploughman, especially a married man, would scout the idea of immigration to Victoria. So free and rapid now is communication between ■all-parts of the globe, that to any quarter where remunerative employment can.be ob tained, there will be a natural outflow from the old countries of Europe., The next time we hear down in these parts of a leak in a Government reservoir we shall know what to expect. Whether a dam bursts, or whether .the water is let out purposely, we are bovcd to come in for a (share of the evil consequences. It is to be hoped that when any such occurrence takes place again, it will be at a time when the Murray is not in flood, bo that the water may run off quickly, instead of having the 24 fe^t or more that have been Jet out cl the Malwsbury Reservoir drmmed back UDon Us. 'A pretty condiiion we shall be in if th'6 'Murray should suddenly take another rise. "Our prospects were quite un promising enough before the "G'oliban water ■tt'as sent down^in torrents upon us, and it is hard to be -subjected unexpectedly to so severe on -inundation. iSut only have the rfloocl-gates of the leaking reservoir been op&nedupen; <ss, but those of Heaven appeared yesterday.to.heabout to belet laoFealso. Wecan neither prevent the latter misfortune, nor pro •ie.-it against it5 but i' there was co little danger to be .apprehendud fjom the leakagn of the Malmsbury k« is stated in the newspappjs, surely its coriten's misriit have been let out more gradually ; aud .unless a1 solufely necessary, it was n onwl thing on the p-o »ple living in the low lands to pour twenty live feet out upon them all at once from so large a sheat of water. However, here'we are surrounded by the overflow,' soma of us driven by it from our homes, and others ex pecting' to be. A great deaLof" mischief has been done, and it is to be feared we have not yet' seen- the'end of it. • While' the Go Vernment"i9~"coff6tructin'g~rmr?6irs for""the goldfieldr, it might as .well . build „ arks lor those parts of the country—lying some three or four hundred feet below them. The evils to which the lately increased rail way tariff for river borne wool was likely to have given rise, have been recognised by the Government; and in conformity with his promise to a deputation, which recently waited on him nn the subject, the Minister of Railways has notified that a discount of ten per cent will be allowed on woo! from the Murrumbidgee and froul all places below the junction of that river with the Murray. This announcement will be received with satisfac tion by all interested in the river trade, who are anxious that the traffic should not be diverted from Echuca to Goolwa. Still it is not a little hard on wool growers on the Murray aboVe the iMurrumbidgee junction that thoy should not also share in the advan tages of the deduced rat6s. As they have no alternative but to make use o( the Victorian ruihvay, they are of course completely at the toercy of the department, and the department shows no inclination to extend any clemency towards them. As, however, the matter was placed before Mr Wilson in this light, that the increased charges would have the effect of driving away the Lower Murray and Mur ruinbidgee trade from Victoria, ic is argued that he has done as much as could be expected of him. Of course, the Upper River men find it difficult to understand why fish should be made of them and fowl of their fellows [within the radius of the South Aus tralian fiver trade. "Avery good reason for it; my dear fellows," says the Minister; "we have you netted, but it was necessary to clip their wings." True, but unsatisfactory. There is more than one incubus pressing; sorely, on the. newspaper press of these colonies. ;The greRt expenses of the produc tion of public journals form one of them. Some idea of the extent of this difficulty may be gained from the fact that many inland colonial newspapers find it cheaper to contract with publishing firms in London to forward to them every month by the mail, supplements of English news, than to print them them selves. These are forwarded with the head ings of the papers to which they are sent, and one may meet with a closely printed sheet of four pages under some such title as English Supplement to the Billabong Courier, for July,'' which has been duly pre pared, printed, and published at a distance of 16,000 inibs from the Australian shores. The proprietors of the Billabong Courier, or such other journal as may be so supplied, have to pay the ocean freight and overland carriage from the colonial sea board, in addition to the charges of the typographical people in England, who of course got a good margin for profit, And, after all these payments, tho colonial newspaper office issues it-3 London supplement at less expense that it could do if the work were executed by itself. People need not wonder that the colonial provincial press cannot compare with the great and cheap broad sheet of tho country districts of England. Another incubus on the news paper of Australia is the postage charge. ] This militates in a very materiel degree I against its "circulation, and helps to keep it j from attaining such proportions as would ir>-: crease its usefulness in the dissemination of! .the intelligence of tiie day. The abolition of this oppressive tax.has been seriously agitated both in Victoiia and New South Wales, and will no doubt be ultimately accomplished. In the meantime it forms n heavy draw back to •'•the advancement of periodical liternture in the colonies. If this is admitted to be a.- public evil—and it must, unless it; can he shewn that the people are not benefitted by., the press—it becomes the duty of the State to remove one of the . burdens which clog the progress of the news paper and the magazine in these young and, t as yet, sparsely populated countries. Any one who. may be desirous of forwarding" exhibits to the Intercolonial Exhibition in Sydney,-to be held next month, should at< once place himself in communication with Mr ,G..C., Levey, of Melbourne, the secretary of the. Victorian department. But very little time is left, however, (or anything1 to be done for which preparations have not already been made; and it is to be regretted that rnoro , timely notice was not given to the people in I this part of the colony. Had such been the I case, it is probable a considerable number of articles of local manufacture and of native produce would have been provided No doubt something; will be sent, as was promised Dr Bleasdale and Mr Levey the other day, but what with the bother of the fiords and the brief time given for preparation, it is to be feared that the exhibitors will be found to be but few. Our neighbors at Sandhurst are always ready for things of the sort, as they can lay their hands, at a moment's warning, on lumps of gold and other metallic and mineral treasures and cariosities, which require no artistic touches to make them fit to adorn a royal show. Bendigo will no doubt exhibit some samples of wine. The Echuca Vine yard Company may probably follow suit, and the Meat Preserving Company may add a few tins of preserved meat. Both will be found worthy of a place in the exhibition, 6hould they find their way1 there. In wool and leather something might be done ;by Echuca and it3 neighborhood which would-be creditable to the colony. Only time is wanted, and if that difficulty can be got over, the contributions may be larger than we have any reason to expect they will be. Just ns wo we-R about to go to press at half past two, we learned that the water hud taken a turn, and was rapidly receding from the flats. Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphed the following items last evening:—Mtisika, found guiliyof shoo ing 1) ivis at Williiimstown, was sentenced to day to otui month's imprisonment, wilhr.ut hard labor. Mr Frazcr, M L.A., was thrown ou^, of a buggy to day, and wrb very sn^ere-'ly -"hurt. Supple will bs tried to-morrow (Wed nonda;)). Flour has an upward tfndjnry. The Murrjy at Eobuoi is 30 feet 9 inches, nt Walmunyah 12 feet 3 inches, <iud Sivsn Mill 12 fcet above suram r level. The Murrumbidgee at Italrunahi 18 17 feel 1 inch above summer level. ?Lt, is falling sluwly at Kdy. Ti;e Liahlua in faliin/ a. curLe6. A revision court for the purposs of revising the burgess roll of the borough, will bs I til ia the Town Hall this evening, | The ordinary fortnightly meeting of th'e I Borough Council will ba held to- day. ! A nolifioa'inn appears in our advertising columns frofn the omtral tJ.iminittee of the Grunt testimonial, fnvi'ing co operation throughout the ootody. In-the- Kchnoa- polico-oourt -yesterday,...before the Polioe Magistrate, Mary Barrett was oharged with having assaulted Mary M'Kenzie. The evidence was conclusive against defendant, who was fined twenty shillings, with 5s costs, with the alternative of three days' imprisonment in tho lock-up. Mary Barrett sued William Wilson for £5 2s, wagef, and obtained a verdiot for £4 16s 7d. We have reoeived from Mr J. B. burgess, of Moama, a copy of the song lately published by him and dedioat'd to H.R. H. the Duke of Edin burgh, entitled, " .Rest, Rest, Thou Gentle Sea," whioh has been greatly admired in musical circles, and i.=, we. understand, obtaining a wide circulation. Copies can be had from Mr Carpen ter. We hear that two more Boriga of Mr Bur gess' are in the hands of the publishers. He is also preparing a volume of his sacred compositions for the press, which is to be published by sub scription. We have biea reques ed by Mr Bur gess to publish the following letter reoeived by him from his Excellency the Governor :—"Governor's offije, Melbourne, 9th July, 1870.—Sir,—I am directed to neknowleHge the reeeipt of your letter of the 9th June, 1870, addressed to his Exoellenoy Viscount Canterbury, whioh Iet'er reaohed hia Excellency on the 7th July, together with the manuscript book of music, the pieces contained in whioh have been tried and admired. His Ex oellenoy direota me to inform y;u that, he readily acquiesces in tho request that the volume should be dedioated to him, and also as regar ls tha pro posed title for the Double 'Canterbury' Chant. I am further direoted to request that you will fur nish me with particulars as to the publication by subscription of the volume.—I have the honor to be, sir, yonr obedient servant (signed), J. S. Ronriwelt,, ADC. J. B. Burgess, Esq." Mr Joseph B'irgess lias written to us from Ulupna to say that he is detained at that station by the fl tod?, but he expeots shortly to be able to get to Ecbuoa. Thi) committee of the Forester's oonoert bag to offer their thanks to those ladies and gentlemen who bo kindly gave their servioes to th-j above oucert, on the 12',h inst., also to Captain Symington for conveying passengers to ana from Moama, gratis. Balanoe sheet—Cash taken at the door and tickets sold, £35 2s. Expenditure: Bill posting, 5j ; printing anil advertising, £2 153—£3. Balanc , £32 2s. Mrs Walker ac knowledges the receipt of the above amouDt, with many thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who kindly gave their assistance, as also to the public generally, We have been furnished by the secretary of the Viotoriao Railways with the following return for the week ending 14th of July:—Passengers, 16,901, £2762 9s 8d ; mails, rents, &c.;, £158 5s Od ; paroels, &o.;, £243 lis lid ; horses, carriages, dogs, &o.;, £47 os 8d ; goods and minerals, £5633 8s 3d; cattle, £473 10s Od. Total for the week, £9,318 10s 6d. Corresponding week in 1869, £11,360 17s Sd. The tuual monthly temperanoe mreiing will be held ia the Weoleyan fechool room to-morrow evening. An entertainment was given laet evening in the Town Hall, by Signor Verte'lll, whose sleight of hand and other feats in legerdemain w re very good, iind hs was. frequently-applauded There was & good attendance, notwithstanding the in auspicious state of the weither. At the con clusion cf the'peformanoe, ho allowed himself to be tied in a chair bv Mr Charles Hill, master of the Pioneer, who cxeroihed his nautical ekill in a Variety of .knots, from wk oh it appeared an im possibi'y for the Signor to extrioate himself. In ab ut a minute and a half he had freed himself completely,, to the astonishment of the audience Signor Vcrtelli will give another entertainmant on Thuredayreveniog. I A. local land board will sit at Sandhurst on I July 26. , The Melbourne Herald, of Monday evening, says:—" It is evidont that the Polioe Statute is | not now a dead letter. Yesterday public houseB | in the city and suburbs that heretofore were open and doing a roaring trade, had their doors olosely ehut, and quietness reigned within. All publi cans, however, were not eo observant of the law's demands. This is proved by the faot that a£ the District Court this moraing a regular ba ch were flood for Sunday trading. Some of the fraternity who escaped mulcting this morning were njoro guilty than those lined, for they resorted to all sort of dodges to defeat thu law. Yesterday a gentleman was walking up Bourke street about ten minutes past one p.m , and was eye witness to the little gams of a noted three penny ta» pro prietor. At the first house a wretched looking object (in tho shape of a man), with a black eye and dissipated aspect w?s keaping gaard at the side door, and when a loafer made his uppearancc the sentry took a key from his pockel, let him' in, locked the door, and continued his ' sentr.v no.' and when auy of the wretuhad objeots wanted to come out a signal was given from the inside — the key again applied—and the half idiotic look ing creature would roll out ou the footpath, and and be immadkit.ly pushed away by the sentry. A little further on, the keeper of another house, belonging to the same proprietor, was carrying on in a similar manner ; but this sentry was more wretched looking thin the other. The landlord of these two nens was standing at his owe door, evidemly looking out for the police." The works on the N irth-East m nilway line have commenced in real earnest; outtings and embankments are in hand extending for thirty miles from town, end a large number of hands are employed. The increase in gracing capabilities is strongly illustrated in the case of some Laohlan country, formerly held by Messrs Phelps and Cbidwick, but now ooonpied by Mr -James Tyson. The Pastoral Times states that when tkey the country was formerly ass-ssed, it was put down to oarry 10,000 sheep, now there are 90,000 grazing and fattening on it. The economy of squatting* pur suits is also as strongly illustrated, a3 previously., there were, under the old shepherding system, sixty men engaged on those runs, now a solitary boandary rider is employed to lide around the wire fences. We are approximating the vety cheapest method of producing wool, which is the. grand eeoret of our our success in the British markets, where we are prepared to enter the lis's &;ainstall comeis—tha a imentary deficiency in oir poor, though healthy Jando in the salibuah oountry is "compensated for by "the immen-e ex t-.nt of «ur oauntry—the destruction of the native dog (the foe to 6hee|>-farmers), and in the inoiea6e of wire fencing. ftxtrema democrats use against jib tiftt we fimplop so feWjhands in Eqnatting pur - suitaj but as the publio reap the benefit of choap produolioun ia wool, meat, bides, until the <»un'rjMi require l for a better purpose than the pastoral settler oin adapt it. to, sirely there can be no good reason for not encouraging him in his pursuits. The niiin Beoret of Mr Tyson's bucobs in depasturing nine times as many sheep bb for merly grazed over the ground is in his artificial supplies of w iter, the result of a large outlay of capital, and many other aet'Jers are deserving of the same tnoouragemenS as Mr Tyaon, though they may not. have the sain - amount of ineanB, and l>e pisatcsed, in a like degree, of the faculty of adapting lh<ir means so p aoticaHy a« one of our squatting (Joliaths—Mr Tyson being ono of the foremost. If startli g phenomena were promptly investi gated, hy minds {tee from superstition and fear, occurrences that apptar to have a oupet-natur 1 origin would .oltnn find an easy solution. Jui^e ParBons (uf Oanad ) u^ed t> toll with great z^t I; jf an incident in h s travels w:iioh would liAve f.irnish.d-food fur a whole company of vi lagB I goss'ps. His wife, who seemed muoh agitated, I sjuked him one night at a pillage inn, sad told him there was a woman sitting at the foot of the ' bed knitting The judge saw the figure as dis tinctly os nis wifp, but havinz no thought of a supernatural origin of the vision, began to speou b<te on its real causa. After looking sharply for a few minutes, during which the woman knitted on with unrufilsd oomposure, he was confident that he oonld see the wull through her,- and that she could not, therefore, be substantial flesh and blood. This discovery, which might have affrighted weaker men, only aroused his curiosity. He at onoe rose from his bed,' and walking up to the foot, saw that no one was there—tho form had vanished. Putting his head as nearly as possible in the position where he had seen the woman, the mystery was at once explained. He saw a ciroular hole in the shutter behind the bed, through whioh rays of light were streaming, and going to this hole to look through, saw a woman in the room on the other side of the street, knitting. The nerves of hia wife we^e greatly soothed by the discovery, and ths inquisitive spirit of the judge was gratified by so simple an explanation of the apparition. Many ghost stories could ba shorn of their apparently supernatural character by a cool and oareful in vestigation. The Mount GamLier Standard writes :—Mount Shanck, which has an interior like a mons'or bowl, ia generally supposed by geologists to have been in a state of repos9 for the last twelve hundred years, or thereabouts. We have received some startling intalligence from a cor respondent at Allandale, which would seem to md'.oato that, HKe Vesuvius, altera lapse 01 many oenturies, it was about to break out into new life The letter we have had says—" It seem3 the vol oanio firea at or near Mount Snanok are not al together extinot. Mr Howard, of Kingsley, in f irma me that he has seen smoke issuing from the fissures in the ground in the Cave Paddoek. I shall visit the plaoe as soon as I oiu with a view reporting more fully." The betting market (says the Argus) still con tinues in a very languid state, but it 19 evident that Barbelle is going to run Tim WhifHer hard for the first place in the odds for the Metropolitan. She is now the most fanoied for that race in the double event betting. Pyrrhns is also earning forward in publio estima ion, and is believed will carry the stable money. For the Melbourne Cuo but little has beon done beyond long shots. Little Diok was hack-d yesterday at 1,000 to 25, Trump Card at 500 to 10, ana Miss Wilkins was bucked for Tasmania at 1000 to 8. For the dqtible event, Barbtlle was taken with Glenuoe at 1,000 to ft, nnl again with Florence at 1,000 to 4; she was also taken with Palmerston and F.ying Dutchman at 1,090 !o 3. Pyrrhus was ta!ien wiih Manuka at 3 )0 to 1. Tim Whiffle was backed for a place for the Cup at 50 (0 20, and the Eirl at 30 to 10. William M«lton Diniel, late olcrk in the Oriental Bank, was tried at the cimiaal sessions in Melb?urne, on Monday, and found guilty of having embezzled the Bum of £1010, whioh he had reoeived as a fixed deposit from JaoqueB Herbert, He w ia remanded for sentence. An inquest was held on Monday at the Ms:l bouroo morgue on the body of an inian*, whio'i had been found in a woteroloset at No. 9 Latrobe street. The jury returned a verdiot that the ohild was wilfully and malioiously murdered by some person or persons unknown, on or about the I2th inst. A telegram from Queensland states that great floods have ocurred ai Gympie and I svich. Storekeepers hnv6 been flooded out at the former pluop, and tho wharves of Ipswich, situate on the Bremer River, have been submerged, o.iusing a great destruction of property. The writs for the new eleotion have been issued. We hoar (says the Pastoral Times) that there is a likelihood of a road steamer being ab ut to ooir.menoe operations between Moama and Denili-^ quin. The proprietor is expected at Dauillqain ■ in a few days to make the moessary arrange ments. The engine will take about thirty tor.s each trip - will travel about, four miles an hour, makinj the journey from Moama to Deniliquin, ifurty eight miles) ia a day. The at-am horse will require no stabling or grooming, as lie never tires—all ho will want on the road is a little wood and witer, of which there iB an1 abundance. The movement in favor of the testimonial to the hon Mr Grant (says the Age) i3 making rapid progress in all parts of the oolony, the entire country Press, with an unanimity as oreditable as it is rare, having espoused the championship of the movement. In nearly all th9 districts large sums are expected to be raised, while in some the looal treasurers have already sums ranging from £25 to £150 in hand. Iu the larger country bo roughs meetirgs ore advertised to be held, and from th« vigorous and spontaneous way in which the matter U-a been taken up in all directions, there can bo no dgjibt thst the testimonial will far exceed in amount the proposed parliamentary grant. H. U. IT. the Duke of Edinburgh landed t/lici|j]|y at Port Louis on the 25th May. We beg to direct attention tofchy advertisement of the sal» of freehold property to-day, in the es tate of 3Ir F. Hogarth, 