THE PASTORAL LETTER Of John Bede, by Divine Grace and Favor of the Holy Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan of Australia, to the Faith ful, Clergy, and Laity of the Archdiocese, urging the Building of a New House for the Convent of the Good Sheeherd. Dearly Beloved in Jesus Christ, — Year by year, for about thirteen years past, the clergy, and other faithful of the colony, have been called upon for aid in support of the 'House of the Good Shepherd,' and the call on the whole has been generously answered. The yearly expenditure has. been supplied by the contributions of the charitable, and by the labours of the penitents themselves. We have just completed, or nearly so, the collections of j the current year, and perhaps, considering the diminished extent of the Archdiocese in conse quence of the new Sees that recent years have Been occupied amongst us, we have no reason to complain of the result so far as figures alone are concerned. But figures are not altogether satis factory in matters of Christian faith and charity. The doors of the 'House of the Good Shepherd' are open to the whole country, and indeed they bave been opening wider and wider in welcome of penitents that have come in from all quarters, and still the numbers of those on whom we have a positive right to rest for help have gone on diminishing. Arithmetic is against us, there is no doubt of it, and the only remedy is more zeal, more faith, more charity amongst ourselves. More of these priceless gifts in hearts where they have already life and action, and more, much more, in those too great numbers of Catholics where they have at present a bare starvelling life, and no sign of action. For it is a truth, dearly beloved, a very miserable truth, that the givers in our congregations are few, always few, and always, may God's blessing reward them, always the same. The great number come and listen, and assent in word and sentiment, to every appeal, on every occasion, and go away without giving, that is without doing what they believe, without act of kindness where they pro fess to love. And this majority, may God con vert them to better ways, are almost always the same too. They are not known, it may be, to men, except in the mass, but there is One to whom they are individually known, and it is that One who has said, 'By their fruits you shall know them. Not every one that saith to me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven ; but he that doeth the will of my Father, who is in heaven, he shall enter into the kingdom of heaven.' You know these words well, and you know too that Catholics, of all men in this world, by reason of the intimate certainty, and solidity, and definiteness of their faith, are bound to show themselves men of action, and not of mere name and lip service. Opinions, persuasions, senti ment, expediencies,— these are not our guides ; we possess the truth, which is also the way, and the life, and so with us profession of faith, and deed of love, ought to be two aspects only of one and the same thing. And now here is the reason, dearly beloved, why 1 am especially anxious that all whom these words may reach, should show themselves to be Catholics in deed and in truth ;— it is a spe cial occasion, an occasion which may require a strenuous effort perhaps, considering the difficul ties of the times. 1 have just said that the usual yearly collection for aid in maintaining the ' House of the Good Shepherd' has been made, and you will have understood that something beyond ordinary wants calls for our exertion. And so it is. A new house for the Sisters them selves must be built, and built at once. Rattier than withdraw anything that could be applied to the reception and comforts of their penitents, these good Sisters have been living in an old in convenient, decaying building as best they could, until new at length it is no longer a shelter from the weather. That old prison, for sueh, as many of you may remember, it was, has not a room in it where they may with safety lay their heads . lneir patience and bright cheerfulness have made it last longer than it ought to have done longer than we ought to have suffered them to remain in it, but now habitation in it is further impossible. Medical opinion has condemned it as destructive of health and life j it must be taken down and replaced by a new house. This then is what I have to iuvite you to do. It is one of those works which must be done once for all not a current expenditure of which each succeed ing year and generation may take its share in the burthen. We ourselves, in whose day the need has arisen, must accomplish what the Pro vidence of God has placed before us. Our dear ?Lord has taught us that there are such special works to be undertaken and perfected at special times. 'The poor you have always with you, but Me you have not always.' And so in this case we have the penitents of the Good Shepherd always with us, and whensoever we will we may do t^A00?'^' f0rc-the building of a ho^e in which to lodge the Sisters of the Good Shepherd oVw- PZnn^g out the P^cious ointment on His sacred head, a transitory act, needful and grateful, done once for all, but yet filling the whole house with its fragrance, and bearinf with G^pSX* WWeVGr ^ eVerla3fcin* JKX!r?i. ?re UQ?erfcakin£S, dearly beloved, in which it is not always clear whether success is a blessing or not Not so with this work of piety Its success is the visible benediction of God T am referring not now to the intrinsic precious Jiess of the se f-devotion of the Sisters, who g?ve labour and life, and abnegation of worldly plea sure and comfort to rescue the unhappy from their misery, ~I speak of the extent to which the blessing of God has multiplied vocations to thia noble life amongst us. Religious vocations are the visible approbation and reward of A.1 mighty God, and it is well for a people amongst whom they are found. Now in this respect alone our 'House of the Good Shepherd' is a subject of thankful congratulation and joy. In our comparatively small body of Catholics, God haa yet found so many who have received with generous spirit the grace to embrace the higher life. This indeed is a nobler prosperity than that of the flockB, and herds, and golden mines, that occupy so engrossingly the minds of men in this new country. Thank God for it. It is a 8ort of prosperity that will spiritualize even material wealth. ?Jnjfebruary of the yearJj$l*JhB~i^Hjw§e_pi the Good JShepEertF wajTestablished in- Sydney? «tttr-M«a:fl wnre-m n nve'iSisterB to carry' on the work. At this moment the number of the re ligious is forty, that is to say, eight times aa many as the little band who commenced the glorious crusade. Here is an increase of voca tions such as we shall do well to think of in thankful wonder. And remember that it is of one only of the convents of the archdiocese of which we are now speaking. The little plant has become a noble tree, and it has so grown, not by human effort and contrivance, but under the unmarked breathing of God's grace— and thus as ever there is no room for us to boast, but a loud, loud, call for thankfulness, and such future co- operation by gift and prayer as we shall have the grace to ofier. ' MagnWcavit Dominus facere noMecum facti sumus latantes.' ' The Lord hath done great things for usu we are become very joyful.' Thank God for the workers, dearly beloved, and thank God for the work. In numbers it stands thus .-—Since the convent was opened, two thousand two hundred and forty two peni tents have been received into its shelter. Of these, nine hundred and thirty- five have been given to honest and honourable industry in situa tions ; seventy- three have been married : five hundred and ninety -three have been restored to the care and hopes of their friends. It is a great harvest. « ? Non Nobis Domini ' ' Not to us, 0 Lord, but to Thy name give glory.' And now what a work this work of God is seen to be, when we come to look at its meaning and quality ! It means the probable restoration of so many hundreds of our fellow-creatures, for whom Christ died, to the true end of their being, to that for which they were created. It means the rescue of so many from the slavery of sin and the devil, in one of the most wretched forms of that most abject slavery. It means the triumphs of God's grace over the deadliest cor ruption that Satan fosters in the interest of his hatred to God and man. It means penitence, and hope, and peace, in place of sin, and despair and torture of spirit. The relief from dire physical pain and want is much, and yet how little by side of the renewed soul, the gratitude, and love, of the purified, strengthened, humah, Christian heart. God alone who knows the secrets of hearts can estimate the happiness and treasure of penitence. Our Lord, Christ, came 'lit dissolveret opera diaboli,' 'that he might destroy the works of the devil,' and where is there a fouler and more venomous work than this sin of impurity, the destruction of which is the mission of the Good Shepherd ? Penitence from this sin confounds the devil in his greatest success, and re-forms the image of Christ in human souls with peculiar triumph. The true Magdalen is a model of self abasement, of pati ence, of renunciation, of brave generous selffor getting love— caring nothing any longer for the estimation of the world, or for its precious things, she weeps at her Lord's feet, obtaining forgive ness for her much love or loving much for her great pardon ; she is present at the foot of the Cross on Calvary ; she waits for her Lord at the tomb and finds Him— she recognises Him by His voice as He speaks her name, and is made the joyful messenger of His resurrection. How effectually the work of the devil was destroyed ! It is then to promote penitence, with more or less resemblance to this great model, that the Sisters of the Good Shepherd devote their lives. They are His representatives in welcoming] soothing, healing, sanctifying those who have a goQd will to leave their sin. They gather up the wounded of a great battle, a battle which is always raging, and of which the victims are not bodies but souls. Dearly beloved, you cannot but desire to have some share in a work of so much beauty and ac ceptableness. Natural humanity loves it, and praises it. The world itself, whilst it is aghast at the ravages of its social corruption, and seeks more m despair than hope, plan after plan that may stem its flood— the world itself sees how much may be done, at least in the way of re storation. ' Instaurare omnia in Christo' 'to re-establish all things in Christ,'— there is our only reliance. The grace of Christ, the com passion, and patience, and self-devotion of these religious, who have elected the life of evangeli cal counsel, can alone do something effectual in the way of healing. It is in this grace and character, that the Sisters of the Good Shepherd are acting, and bringing praise and glory to the name of the Saviour, as by Him, and 'in Him, they continue His work. I have desired, dearly beloved, to suggest to you this train of thought which you may con tinue for yourselves, because, as I have already said, I am to invite you to an effort, a strenu ous effort in a time of burdens and difficulty I cannot deny that many calls are made upon yourselves. I can only repeat, that this ne cessity for building a new convent has come upon us suddenly, in great measure because the bisters have so long been content, and done the best they could, that at the last moment they have had to hasten out of the old building 7™«*A fA Iuin' The Wv rains- which caused of late so much devastation throughout the country, wrought here on the decaying roof and walls such mischief, that it would not have been possible, even by a considerable expendi ture, to secure a continuance of the meanest ac commodation. It would have been throwing away money to attempt repairs, and so the Sis? ™ Z Urg6d *°U Submit t0 Mediate removal, on the assurance that a new Convent should be erected for them. Now, out of forty religious pS-rT^^ mU8t Hvein the Convent b rather Kr, V^ y°U See We shaU need a rather large house even at the very first and without providing anything for *an £ creased number of vocations, if God shouW bo honour us by multiplying them as He has done hitherto. And if He should, I am very sure that, in all our difficulties, your hearts will be with mine in desiring to provide the ma terial building, in which that sacred and glorious work may be advanced. The poor victims of the misery of sin have always been more than could be received. They have come, and come, and there has been no room. No room for yearning penitents ! It is not so, dearly beloved, in the Sacred Heart Itself. There is always welcome, there always room, and we must do our best by raising a large house to receive as many as come in their misery and hope. Let me again remind you how much more terrible a thing it is to be shut out as a penitent woman, than to be refused admittance into a hospital for bodily suffering ; as much more terrible it is as sin is more terrible than pain. Yes, our burdens iust now are many and heavy, but you see clearly that we cannot spare ourselves. There is no help for it. In one only way that I can see may the burden be lightened. A lesson may be taken by all from the Gospel history of the Magdalen herself. She at once sacrificed personal ornament, and the luxuries of life. In this all Catholics of the Archdiocese may follow her more or less, according to their devotion and charity. There is amongst us too much costliness of dress, and food, and amuse ment, and by retrenching somewhat we should gain, without much effort, an extraordinay fund for our occasion. And if by such a measure a more ample Convent can be buiit, and built more speedily, we shall have to thank God that He has inspired us with the courage to make a little happy sacrifice. Let us hope that the unworthy habit of leaving all to be done by the few con stant givers may be broken through, and that all will put their hand and heart to this work of piety. On one title or other, every one may feel drawn to help, if there is any current of Catholic charity in his soul. Some may have heretofore shared in the guilt of the sin of which we are striving to repair the ravages,— some may be conscious of having encouraged dangerous vanity and luxury of dress, —some may covet a little part in diminishing the horrible wretchedness and social disorder, that men's profligacy and heartlessness have spread over the world, some may admire and honour the devoted life of those Sisters of the 'Good Shepherd,'— some may wish to pro nounce on God's side against impurity, and against the light estimate in which many hold it —some may desire to magnify and honour simply the great mercy and goodness of God our Saviour who out of such drear misery brings, by His grace the peace, and love of penitence ; out of the women who were sinners, forms the true and generous Magdalens. By one or other of these motives all may surely be inspired, and there fore to all we look for help; In Sydney already a Committee, composed of clergymen and some faithful warm- hearted lay men, have by our desire set themselves to the task of collecting and otherwise preparing for the new building. No time can be lost, the Sisters are at present living in a hired house. Under the circumstances we leave to the pru dence and zeal of clergy and laity throughout the Archdiocese, the adoption of that mode of procedure which may seem\most advantageous. There may be collections in the churches, there may be Committees, and public meetings, in which many non-Catholics may perhaps be found to give their willing aid. But whatever pains may be chosen, all the expedition that is consis tent -with success should be used. We com mend the work to the co-operation of aU in the name of that 'Good Shepherd' who came on this earth 'to seek and to save all that were lost. May the love of Him dwell in your hearts, and may the blessing of God Almighty, father, Son, and Holy Ghost, be amongst you and remain with you always. Amen. JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. St. Mary's Cathedral, 27th October, 1870 