THE WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. FIBST DAY. The sixteenth annual Coaferenoe of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church commenced its sittings in Pine-street' Chapel, Adelaide, on Thursday morning, January 20, at 10 a.m. The PBESIDENT (Rev. W. L. Binka) opened the Conference by announcing the hymn commencing " And axe we yet alive," which having been sung,„ prayer was offered by the . Rev. Messrs.. WATKIN and RABONE. The roll was called, and the PRESIDENT then rose and stated that by the vote of the last Conference the Rev. George Hurst had been nominated as President for 1870. That nomination had been confirmed by the British Conference. He then read the minute in which the appointment had been made and the paragraph of the address of the British Conference referring to the appointment. Addressing the new President^ he said—Mr. President Hurst, I now with pleasure, lay down the office which I have held through the kind suffrages of my brethren, and retire from the chair to make room for you. I hand-you the Conference seal, with earnest prayer 'that the year of your presidency may be one of peace ami prosperity. The PRESIDENT (the Rev. G. Hurst), on taking the chair,- thanked the ex-President, and said:— " My dear Brethren—When, 11 years ago, I left the British. Conference and united myself to the Australasian, I little thought that I should ever occcupy the - very, honourable and important position inwhich I thia day have been placed by brpthrehin the rising Methodist Church, in. these flourishing colonies, and by those of the noble Church in our fatherland, from which we areproud ±o have sprung and to be sfcill connected, not only by doctrinal sentiment, ecclesiastical usages, -and warm Christian affection, but also by constitutional law. Just as the people in these beautiful colonies glory in their British descent, are deeply interested in Britain's honour and prosperity, and have no desire to sever their connection with the grand old country, with her noble institutions and glorious history; so •we, as--a Church, rejoice in our descent from Tftiglinfr Methodism, are deeply concerned in its purity" and success, and, though in a distant sphere, desire to live and labour in intimate union with it. For the position in which my brethren have placed me I am conscious that I possess but few intellectual or even spiritual .qualifications; and in order that I may discharge -tne duties of my office with any credit to myself and any profit to the Church, I am deeply convinced-that. I shall need the assistance of God «nd your.sympathy, and help. But if firm belief in' Wesleyan doctrine, if cordial approval •of Methodist ecclesiastical polity, if full confidence. in ^ the admirable adaptation of the agencies of ..our Church to accomplish the purposes: for which the Church of God exists,' and if fervent desire to see thosfc agencies everywhere successful constitute any qualification for the distinguished position in which you have placed me, and will be a^y help in the discharge of its important duties in these respects, I am as well qualified as most men. And it would be no credit either to my head or my heart were I not. I was born in Methodism, and trained within its bosom. It was the Church of my ancestors, and my family have been connected with it from the time it was introduced into my native place to the present day. Some of its members have occupied honourable positions in it, and have materially assisted in its establishment and extension, .and some, I am happy to say, now hold the highest offices which Circuits can give; so for me, I owe all I have and am to it. Its influence over me and all my interests have been beneficial in the highest degree. In early life its ministry deeply and permanently impressed my mind - with the truth ana supreme importance of spiritual and eternal things, though for a time I did not yield up my heart to Him that made me, but allowed it to wander in the pursuit of sinful pleasure. Thirty-six years since, however, when my late reverend and most beloved brother Benjamin, who with the late Reverend Francis Tuckfield was the first Wesleyan Missionary appointed to Port Phillip, .in ."Victoria, . preached his farewell seraou on-leaving his home to enter the Wesleyan ministry in England, all my earlyimpressions were revived and deepened, and soon after I received by faith in Christ a clear sense of reconciliation with God, and the regeneration of my nature by the power of the Holy Ghost. How much I now owe and shall owe for ever to that farewell sermon of my sainted brother, whose influence led me to religion and God, only eternity will- tell. When I saw him leave his father's home for these shores, and when I fell upon his neck and kissed him, little did I think that after the lapse of so many years I should follow him ; and even less did I think that, after he was removed to Heaven, from the chair of this Conference I should have the honour and the inexpressible pleasure of expressing my profound obligations to him. But my attachment to Methodism is not purely hereditary, but' also the result of intelligent conviction. I have brought its doctrines to the test of God's Word, examined its polity in the light of the general principles of Church government taught in the Holy Scriptures, and compared its agencies and efforts with those of the Apostolic Church, and am satisfied that it holds •'the faith which was once delivered to the saints,' and that it follows the practice which commanded the approval of inspired men. And to me it seems that my convictions are in accordance with another class of facts, which I conceive may be adduced in support of the substantial agreement of the principles and agencies of Methodism with the teaching of the ifew Testament and the usages of the primitive Church. Shall I say too much, employ the language of prejudice or of truth, when I affirm that it has commanded the approval and blessing of God everywhere ? The youngest of the Protestant Churches in the British Empire, or in .English-spealring nations, it is the largest and ithe most successful. During the 130 years • of its., existence it has built more churches, .-erected more Sunday - schools, converted, rtfirough the power . of God, more souls, :«nd raised more numerous Societies than amy of the .older Churches, In England, in the (.United States, and in the Dominion of Canada : H&as; multiplied it£ adherents by many millions; \sfjiile its missions in Central America, the West 'indies, the Continent of Europe, the East, Southern and Western Africa, India, China, .'and Polynesia, are among its highest glories, -and the result of its meet successful labours. All these facts are evidences of true religious life, .and of the existence of the presence and "blessing of Godwin the Methodist Church. In this southern world God has been with us, and He has crowned our labours with a gratifying measure' of success. When I say that God has •been with us and crowned our efforts with His Tblessuig, I do not merely refer to the ministry, ibut to. the whole Church, and to all its agencies. With you, I do not believe in any of the unacnptural and preposterous claims in behalf of ithe ipriesthood which in various Churches are \itph8jl in .the present day; and I am persuaded uuit neither you-nor I are in any danger of .attep^pgng to laud it over the Church of God. Even .oner • ministry is share I by our laity in two ^important particulars; and I rejoice that it is .so. Indeed, ! regard this fact as one of the .great glories of our Church, as one of the .great-.elex&wate; of its strength, and as one of the great causes of its success. From the ; ! ! • beginning the Methodist Church, has been the -great.patron'and employer of lay agency; and -J am fully satisfied it could not have been in any part of the world what it is this day apart ifrom* the piety and. labours of our leaders .and local preachers. When other Churches -.are awakening to the importance of lay agency, it is not likely that we, who have proved-its value for more than a century, 'shall undervalue it, or employ it less than has 'been our wont. By the combination of minis- Serial sod lay agency in these colonies, not onlv have the foundations of a prosperous Church been laid, but the building is seen to be rising (everywhere in somewhat massive and beautiful proportions. But the success of the past should stimulate us to renewed and even more vigorous ^exertions. While the ground-already reclaimed -WSH require much -effort and care, there is a •jRpst field before us all but untouched. The •3l$ss$s of the people in all these colonies are far tfinjm God, regardless of spiritual religion, and najpindful of the beauties and advantages of virtuous life, and we owe it to God, to them, and ourselves to take our full share in their . evangelization. Our agencies are well adapted \- to reach them, and they must be faithfully em- > Wealth and talent and time must be sacredly devotedtothat greatworkwhichGodhes iven us to do^ 'and in the fufinieasufe of our f uty. Both.the t^ilent'and ttie.fixnie of the Church may be Malously^emplojred; but if they be separated from ife wealth, to a great extent their employment' will fail; the Church will never rise to the measure pfher duty, and therefore never to the full measure of her success, without a righteous consecration of the whole. In these new countries all the material appliances of the Church—chapels, parsonages, and schools—have to be raised from the foundation in the wilderness, generally where the people are few and feeble, and their spiritual needs can never be met unless Christian people give to God of their substance as He has prospered them. Well would it be for these new countries, in all their interests, were all the wealth in the Methodist Church, which ought to be devoted to the extension of religion and virtue and happiness, sacredly consecrated to this object. But in the extension of our Church it _ will be well if we always properly distinguish between mere Church life and true. spiritual life ; and if we do not diligently cultivate the latter, Church life, or zeal for the honour and aggrandizement of our community, might possibly enable us to fill these colonies with ecclesiastical buildings, and yet spiritual death reign in all our borders. Having Church life we might be a corpse, beautifully decorated with flowers it is true, but nothing but a corpse. In that case, so. far as the salvation of men is concerned—the one great purpose for which the Church of . God exists—the Methodist Church might as well cease to be.. .With the extension of our forms of religion lct it .be. our one great object' to spread its inner life-jand soul-saving power. Let us ever remember the' words of our founder, 'It is your business.'to save souls." That is the one great work of the Church of God in this world, and if we fail in that it will matter but little in what she may succeed. Let our numstry be directed to this, one point, and let nothing for one moment divert our attention from it. Let Christ and Hi'm crucified, and all the meritorious blessings resulting from His sacrificial death—present and conscious, p&rdon;, regeneration by the Holy Spirit, adoption, the Spirit's directs witness to our spirits that we are tne children of God, and entire sanctification—be the great themes on which we principally dwelL These were the great truths, applied by the Divine Spirit, which awoke from the dead the Church of God in the 18th century; and these are the truths, thus applied, which will keep it awake. The preaching of any other doctrine will utterly destroy its life, and render it utterly powerless for spiritual purposes. Methodism, through the Divine blessing, has always been a converting power, and I trust we shall take care that it shall never lose that power. Let us be mere than ever true to our ancient purpose—' To spread scriptural holiness through the land,' holiness founded in true religious experience, in the sanctification of human nature by the Spirit of God. The Methodist ministry at all times and in all places should be experimental and. practical, promoting inward religious life and all externa}, godliness. It should bethese above all.other things, but not at the expense of; all other things. These elements should be combined with every other qualification which can make a successful ministry. The Methodist ministry should be as learned as it is experimental and practicallearned in the general acceptation of that term, but especially in every branch of divinity. . 1 rejoice very much that both ministers and people are fully alive to the importance of this, and that in all these colonies they.' have taken initiatory steps to give the candidates for our ministry a suitable training for theii* important work. Hie existence of Newington, Wesley, -Prince Alfred, and Horton Colleges is a pleasing fact, clearly , showing the desire of the Methodist people in all parts of this 'southern world' to promote every branch both of secular and sacred learning. For while these Colleges give to the young gentlemen of Methodism a sound commercial and classical education, they also endeavour to give to the ministry, or at least to a portion of it, a sound theological training. But in the latter respect they are not all we desire—they are not all that is urgently needed, and I even hope they are^net all it is., possible to get. I am inclined! to think that something more adequate to the needs of the Church, and more in accordance with its numbers, wealth, and respectability, can yet be done. At any rate something more should be attempted without delay. I hope for much from the Colleges as they now are, and so I think should the whole Church. We shall all be much disappointed if many of . the young men who received a commercial and classical education in them do not ultimately enter the ministry and show in it the -advantages of their early training. But it appears to me that the Colleges already in existence.will never fully meet the real wants of the minist ry, and that the Church should always keep something more perfect before it and endeavour to realize it. I should like to see—and so would you all, I believe, because we are satisfied that they are what we require—sufficient funds to give every candidate for our Ministry a suitable training, and a separate College in every colony in which he shall receive it; the latter, perhaps, we cannot get at present, but I believe we can obtain the former. Hitherto we have oniy been able to give a very limited number of candidates any training at all in the Colleges which exist, but we should without any further delay attempt to raise sufficient funds to train the whole. I hope that this Conference will direct that for this purpose collections .shall be made in all our places of worship, and that subscriptions shall be solicited from all our more wealthy people. If the Adelaide Conference shall do this, it will please the whole. Church, and will contribute in a vital point to its prosperity. There is one other point on which I hope the Conference will bear with me while I say a few words on foreign missions. Any Church without missions to. the heathen would be far below the true standard of Christian duty; but for any Methodist Church to be without them would be a strange anomaly. I have always thought that it was well that the Australasian Church took the missions which are under its care upon the terms stated in the original agreement; but it would be better if we entirely supported them without any assistance from England. I do not wish to affirm that I think we are able to do that atpresent; but I do wish to say that I earnestly hope we shall sustain our missions with all the zeal jgnd liberality with which they ought to be suppprted, and that we shall aim at relieving the English Missionary Society of any pecuniary obligation at the earliest possible period, that it may devote its attention and strength to other parts of the heathen world, where they are much needed. I should like to see our missions and men altogether and flourishing entirely under our own care, and hope that the tim& is not distant when it will-be so. Having them, it seems to me tobe both the duty and interest of the whole Church to be faithful to them. Our Church has always been essentially missionary, and it. will be no advantage to it m any way. to permit any portion of this glory to depart: A revival of the missionary spirit I am sure would revive us in everything. I do not say that the missionary spirit has declined among us, but that it will be no disadvantage to us were we to receive an increase of this good thing, and that I devoutly pray that the whole Church, may be thus enriched. I hope that this Conference will be distinguished by the presence and blessing of God, both in its deliberations and public services. I am sure we are - all connected. by a desire to promote His gloiy, and that all we say and do will only be the expression of that desire. Let our discussions be' marked by intelligence and freedom, faithfulness and brotherly love. Let all that should be said bp said, and nothing more, and said in such a way as will not unnecessarily grieve any man. Lastly, let me have an interest, not only in your public but also private devotions, that I may be but a Christian man, a Christian minister, a Christian gentleman, as any one who presides over you ought tobe." The address was listened to with great interest and satisfaction, and the President on resuming his seat was loudly cheered. The Conference proceeded to the election of Secretary, the result being the reappointment of the Rev. Benjamin Chapman by a very large jnajoritv. On the nomination of the Secretary jthe Eeys. C. H. Goldsmith and H. T. Burgess were appointed Assistant Secretaries. The Rev. J. G. Millard was chosen as official letter- writer. The Rev. J. BICKFORD th$n moved, and the Jfer, H. GAUD seconded—" " That' the cordial thanks of the Conference be presented to the Be?. William L, Sinks f w the able and highly satisfactory mannerTn which lie has perforihekl- thg dut&s; of the' Presidency „ during the pastyear." ' " '' His was unanimously adopted. The EX-PBESIDENT, in reply, said he was much obliged to the brethren. He felt much indebted to them for the kindness and forbearance they had shown him, and for the valuable help they had given him in -all the important matters which had come before the Conference. The past year had been an eventful, and in some respects a painful one. They had been overtaken with calamities, in which some of their brethren had fallen under the hand of violence; but he thanked God for the eomfort and support he had received. He had done his best. (Applause.) He moved— " That the thanks of the Conference be given to the Rev. B. Chapman for his very efficient services as Secretary during the past year." This was seconded by the Rev. J. S. WAUGH, and carried unanimously. The SECRETARY read the reply of the British Conference to the address of last year, and the Revs. Wills and Curnow were directed to prepare the address for the present year. . The hours of meeting were-fixed as follows:— Morning, from half-past 9 to a quarter before 1; afternoon, from a quarter past 2 to 5., The minutes of the District Meetings were handed in by the .Chairman. A memorial from the South Australian Temperance League in reference to the Total Abstinence question was presented. .. The Official Letter Writer was directed to prepare a reply. , .. At 12 _ o'clock, the doors were thrown open to the public, and.the Conference prayer meeting commenced. ^There was a large attendance. Prayer was offered successively-by the Revs. B. Chapman, J. Bickford, J. 'S. Waugh, W. A. Quick, J. Watkin, A. Reid, and W. Curnow. The afternoon session was devoted.principally to. the questions—Who are received, into full connexion at this Conference!" and "Who remain on trial'!" In reply to which the case of each probationer came .under separate consideration. [The following were through an accident omitted from this morning's Register.'] PROMOTION.—Intelligence has been received, by means of a telegram to Alexandria after the dispatch of the mail, of the promotion of Captain the Hon. C. E. Edgcumbe, Private Secretary to His Excellency, to the rank of Lieutenant-ColoneL This will not at present cause any change in His Excellency's Staff. MR. PLAYFOBD ON THE EDUCATION GRANT.— An error occurs in our report of Mr. PLayford's speech in the House of Assembly on Wednesday, which we hasten to correct. What the ton. member said was that " It had been his firm belief for some time that too much mquey was placed at the disposal of the Education BoEud; as they subsidized schools in very thickly-peopled places, and had granted aid to two or three schools when one would have been quite sufficient." The word thickly was misprinted thinly. REPRESENTATION OF WEST TOBRENS.—A requisition is in course of signature to Mr. John Pickering; of Hindmarsh, formerly a member for the district,' asking Mm to come forward as a candidate for the seat declared vacant by the absence of Mr. G. T. Bean. RISK IN TEE DARLING.-—A letter received by Mr. Bickford, druggist, from Mr. Sadlier, of Albemarle Station, dated January 14, says:— "The Darling has risen three feet at Mount Mnrchison, and is still rising slowly.. Heavy rains for the last 24 hours." NORTH ADELAIDE BAPTIST CHAPEL.—Six tenders were received for the erection of this edifice, and that of Wm. Lines, at £3,269, was accepted. THE WESTON TROUPE.—It is a long time, since Adelaide has seen the stage of the Royal properly filled by professionals, and a much longer time since it was filled by artists to compare with Mr. Weston's, who are to commence a short season to-night. The Ethiopian business has always been popular here, even when done b£ amateurs. The Weston Troupe has been said on good authority to revive all the glory of. the original Christys. They have made a most successful debut in Melbourne, where they kept their Opera House crowded to the last night. They have distinguished themselves, not merely by individual talent, but by the variety of their programme and the superiority of their entertainment as a whole. Their bills indicate that, they will be supported by a stock company of melodists and dancers, consequently they can promise, not an Ethiopian concert only, but a full dramatic and terpsichorean performance. We have no doubt that if the public allow themselves to be tempted once they will not require much persuasion to repeat the visit. At all events, there should be a respectable house to start with. BENTHAM-STREET BIBLICAL ASSOCIATION.— The half-yearly meeting of the above Association was held in the Bentham-street Chapel on Thursday evening, January 20, having been preceded by a tea meeting. There was a good attendance. Mr. H. Hussey presided. The Secretary (Mr. Jones) read the report, from, which it appeared that the Association, which had been six years in existence, numbered 32 members, the average attendance, at . the meetings being 21. The finances were in a satis factory condition, the balance in hand amounting to £3 8s. Id. The library contained. 80. volumes' of valuable works, and arrangements had been made for subscribing to several monthly periodicals. . The subjects for discussion were various in character, but all tended to the improvement of the members. The Chairman supplemented the report with a statement relative to the progress made by the Association. Although it had - not. perhaps . increased in numbers, it had partly achieved, its end by. the marked improvement in the papers now read. Regular attendance had also extended members' biblical knowledge. The Rev. J. L. Parsons then delivered his admired and entertaining lecture on " Modern Heroes." The proceedings, terminated at about half-past 9 with the benediction. OPENING OF ST. STEPHEN'S CHUBCH, SAD- DLEWORTH.—The solemn ceremony of blessing ' and opening for Divine service the above church took place on Sunday last, the 16th inst. The "Very Rev. J. Smyth, V.G., officiated. Immediately after the ceremony high mass was sung by the Rev. C. Van derHeyden, the Rev. Father Strele being deacon, and the Rev. Father Kranewitter sub-deacon, the Very Rev. Father Tappeiner assistant priest. The Mintaro choir very efficiently performed the musical portions ef the service, being conducted by .Dr. Vogt,:Miss M&digan; presiding at the harmonium, who in connec.- • tion with the singers ably delivered Webb's Mass in A. After Mass the Vicar-General preached an impressive sermon from Gen. 35 chap. 6—7 verses. The appeal was liberally- responded to by the congregation, they'having subscribed the generous sum of £170. The Church was literally crowded to overflowing, while a great many could not gain admittance great numbers: having come from long distances, and the neighbouring townships around. After service the clergy, choir, and several friends retired to-a private house'to refresh themselves with dinner. The church is built in Gothic style, with to^ver. and pinnacles. The main building is 40 feet x'28 feet, and 40 feet high from floor to ridge. The work is executed in a satisfactory manner, and is in a good position. It is an ornament to the place and an honour to the Church, who will in future meet there for Divine worship. ENGLISH SEED.—South Eastern experience appears to tally with Northern as to decent importations of English seed wheat having yielded indifferent results. ASSAULT UNDER ARMS BY A POLICEMAN.— From the proceedings of the Port Adelaide Police 'Court it will be seen that on' Thursday Robert Willcocks, a police- constable, was committed for trial at the Supreme Court on a 1 charge preferred against him by Mr. William | Knapman, of " drawing the trigger of a certain pistol loaded with powder, &c.;, with intent to kill the said William Knapman." ! ! CONCERT.—A omplimentarv concert of secular music will be e given to Sir. S. Edwards on Wednesday evening next, at White's Rooms, as per advertisement. Mr. Edwards has for a good many years given his services as a vocalist and instrumentalist in behalf of various benevolent objects, and his musical friends are now retqrping the compliment. He deserve* a a bumper. ' i , 