SYDNEY CITY MISSION. j THE annual meeting of the Sydney City Mission was held last night in the hall of Temperance, Pitt-street. About two hundred and fifty persons were present. Mr E W Cameron occupied the chair Prayer having been offered by the Rev. ALLAN WEBB, The CHAIRMAN said that he thought that all present would agree with him as to the great necessity that existed for the operations of this society. When we looked around us we Fuw the masses all tending one way. Life had been competed to a river, and he was sure that the thinking portion of the community would agree with him, that the great tide of human life was not flowing in the right way We were told that we were not to judge our fellow men, but at the same time there were certain marked characteristics of society, which it was impossible not to observe, and, observing the actions of men, how few, alas, should we see in this city of 120,000 souls standing up to reclaim the more depraved part of the community ( How many were tending to the order, the theatre, and other places of amusement, or were wholly absorbed in selfish pursuits r He thought that one theatre more than counteracted the good that was done by ton churches (Hear, hear ) We had, however, a band of faithful men around us, and he asked the audience to give them their sympathy and prayers He hoped that the Christian community would not only give their prayers, but would help those earnest workers by their purse, to give them every encouragement in their power, and to throw their own energies into the work He trusted that the day was not far distant when New South Wales would arouse h self from her lethargy, and that ere long it would be manifested that we were not all seekers of [ pleasure, of influenced only by temporal considerations Eorncsth commending the cause to the EJ sympathies of all present, he begged to call upon the honorary secretary to i read the report. the Rev E Eoi INTO > rend The report - 1 The time having aimed to acquaint the subscribers to the Sydney City Mission with the resources, labours and results of another year of us existence, the following Is presented by the committee as a brief but reliable statement " The number of missionaries with which the year commenced w been sustained, but not Increased-their labours that e been pro CL each' with no other than the ordinary and allowable interim, How early CE The committee beige, youth The same fidelity man's devotion to oh have distinguished them from the The Great, area's balance sheet will show no marked increase of motoring more " and through the earlier portion of the year the difficulty of carry CC on theraiselon was felt with quite the usual sense , but towards the latter, less so, from resources which are "Vo^criiS'Ä^ÄJ5V0U»'7 to a circular sent by a member of committee now under its sanction Played some facts in the tra"ry and the z Ty a is "" R's 6UC°ee8fUl 'n ad«'"aÄ?dTas who "are in «>»BW«»»««»1 Walter tions 383: bJ'theflowine churches-Bourke street Congre- STEP Charming "Acs Talk "Athol li the Church of England, also from ¿"fí",3S0"ï?rïe late W Woollahra The items will appear in horses, Tr ! WLy, . " Since the close of the financial year, waÄn"A new means of support has been originated in °"ï,?°,l.c* *2T?Iri through which it is hoped that substantial i. con, as advantage will be decided. Circulars were first issued replies to a? fence with a deputation from the committee on 0JCPMlency of thinking men as history, to which about the W ladies re splendid, medicine result of the interview was a reason c to try it At a subsequent meeting districts were assigned, and he Metm? I i cotton wool tied, and the ladies were started in their g I 1 Mik. [A numbered eUUtiBOf the work are here given, which tell ly show its old raotcrtstica, another It is presented with, a j i lot ii (returns of meat as ] Harmer OF CITY Mrs-roi Worth rou -HIK I MI TIU 11 to 1 rurnDn of visits and outs 23 170 visits is sick and dying of, vines by missionary only, 081 families read and prayed till CO, write given away 30711, persons refused to sign the pledge 61, persona induced to attend public were hip 88, 11 are spent in domiciliary visitation, o7J8 , children sent to school 117, lmclingB held, 312, the average attendance 21, pieces fcciiptureput into circulation, 71, deaths of persons Unfed durne, tot yeer 45, de lbs filled by the missionary rly, If, couples living, in sin having been induced to marry 2, i oral and (girls taken to the Female Refuge, 10, children joined the Card of Hope, 30, , , With these facts before then, the Committee surrender their trust and feel justified in asking with the utmost solitude, each end pathy and support to the institution i as shall enable him successors to accomplish far more during the ensuing year I he cannot, however, withhold an expression of deep regret, that an institution so excellent in its composition, aims and achievements should Bill realise so comparatively little of public tipped but be allowed as it does to expose the sorrowful due proportion betwixt what is done and what is needed, her will the edge of this complaint be much blunted by the I lea- there are many other Societies besides this to be supported This is admitted, but it is still felt the case cannot be preordained any attempted justification of it must betray a melancholy insensibility to the need of our neighbour, and the will of our God * "the feelings most befitting us are those of humiliation and (home, that in such a community, for such a cause, there should be to very poor support, and yet it is believed that the remedy lies largely in the hands or the friends of the institution, who, If they cannot increase their own subscriptions, might, by kindly personal pleading with others induce them to give, and thus provide the means for enlarging the missionary staff, and doing more toed ' The committee especially beg the attention of ladies to the recently formed auxiliary It is but weak , It has scope for in definite enlargement It offers a valuable and easy medium of sen- ice-could it be made to cover the whole city and suburbs as a network How gratifying ' Andwhvnot7 How many are there who could spare the time, and having that, have the main thing needed? The work involved is simple-to gather up the benefactions of their neighbours In each work none succeed so well as they and succeeding in this case are instrumental in dif using the blessings of temporal and eternal life among those who are perishing by hundreds in the most revolting misery and Bin " " The Christ like purpose of the Mission is commended to those in the country, under whose eye this report may come, and their aid he respectfully sought Members in common of the great social body, whether resident in the crowded city or the comparative solitude of the bush, each is affected more or less by its moral health or disease, and when the calls upon philanthropy are often fewest, the means of help may be very abundant, and, therefore, amidst the claimants upon a generous consideration, we venture, in the name of suffering humanity and its self denying and loving Saviour, to ask help for the Sydney City Mission Who that can give one pound, or more, will not, and be grateful for the priv allege V" Mr. Jones, ThoMsoN road the financial statement. This document showed that the receipts for the year had been £6 12s, and the disbursements 536 3s. There had been other receipts and disbursements since the 31st March, which would appear in the next balance sheet. The Rev WILLIAM KELYNACK owed the first resolu- tion,-" That the report read be adopted, and, together with the treasurer's statement, be printed." In advocating the claims of a society, he thought that one had a great advantage if he could demonstrate the necessity for its existences one could establish a suitability between the means which it employed and the ends which it contem- placed and further, if one were able to point to noble and beneficent results, such as we had heard from that very eloquent report read this evening. He need not say that on all these points we could take high ground in connection with the Sydney City Mission The only duty that now remained was to see that a society which was performing such a God like work should not be hampered in its operations for the want of funds Our duty, and he hoped that we should be prepared to do it, was to see that by the generous enlarge- ment of the society's income it should be prepared to deal yet more effectively with the moral rottenness and the ruin which prevailed in so many parts of this great city (Applause ) If a minute acquaintance with the society's operations, and if some measure of personal contact with the society s work, constituted any fitness for the advo each of its interests, then he was bold to say that her assessed that lines? He regularly perused the journals of one of the missionaries, and there were some moral photographs contained in that journal that were dark with all the shadows that drink and licentiousness and devilish could give them. He had attended a social meeting in connection with the Sussex street Mission place, and had thus had an opportunity of seeing the materials with which the missionaries had to deal in the good work which they were effecting It was only last week that, in company with one of the missionaries of this society, he visited one portion of his district which resembled a rabbit warren very much in its geography, and that was not unlike a Gomorrah in its guilt We entered into one narrow court that was filthy and reeking with all noisome things, and, passing into a low-browed room, we found a woman there and and solitary, smitten with disease, and partially paralysed. The companion of her guilt was at this moment serving a prolonged sentence in Berrima gaol yonder, and as the tears came streaming down that woman's cheeks at finding herself at length friendless and forsaken, he thought it a sad picture of a sod motto-the way of transgressors is hard. Then we knocked at the abode of another wretched tenement, the abode of fallen women, but the inmates were sleeping late, and we were not able to gain admission. Threading our way on through a narrow alley, we came to another court, and there we found on a bed an old man, quietly waiting for his departure. He was very pleased, and perhaps all the more so from the contrast with what he had previously seen, to see how the thin features of that old man, which time had traced with its furrows, lighted up at the name of Jesus, and the old man's fervent 'Bless j ou'" was a rich recompense to his own soul: (Applause ) Then we came out in our exploratory tour, and sallied into another little court, where we found four or five little cabins which might serve very well as a hiding place for rats, or which might do on an occasion for a dog kennel, but which certainly was not a fit abode for human beings. In a space not much larger than that occupied by this platform, we found several souls fast bound by the fetters of sin, and led captive by the Devil at his will. Passing into another court we found a woman, the only inmate of four or five of other wretched tenements miscalled homes, and when we began to talk with her she began to cry. Her face was seamed and scarred by the rough graving tools of a brutal husband's hand, and, in reply to a question she said in her own plain but pungent way he had come home and thrashed her when maddened by drink We finished our morning's work in a house in which one lewd and brazen woman made her boast that the was going to hell herself and was going to take all the inmates with her. That was within the very chimes of our church bells, and almost within the sound of the Gospel from our very pulpits. If that did not demonstrate the necessity for city missionary operations, he did not know what did. (Applause.) He was struck by a remark which occurred at the end of the report that this society was engaged in a Christ-like work He often felt his own heart warmed when he dwelt on that incident mentioned by Luke when the Saviour, having the indignation of the Pharisees and the Scribes heaped upon him, indicated his own character in a series of parables that had won all men by their natural beauty and pathos, and the Divine tenderness of which was shining as a beacon light all adown the ages, making the words of a set of carping cavillers a badge of honour to Christ and a pledge of blessing to men- this man receiveth sinners (Applause ) While listening to the narration of that incident in the report respecting the poor old woman who thought that she was too had to be saved, he was reminded that when pursuing his way as a bush preacher he had sometimes thought that the case of such Banners was not inaptly typified by the dead trees of the forest. Those trees once quivered in the golden light, once drank in the dews of heaven, once sang and trembled in the breeze, but one by one their leafy beauty passed, until at length they stretched out their grey arms in desolation, waiting only for the woodman's axe to become fuel for the fire sometimes one saw an old man or woman who said in a fleet,-" Here I am, Christ will have nothing to do with me Here I am, with snow in my hair and wander in my blood, and, worst of all, ice in my very soul,' and they were like an old dead tree, and fit only to become fuel for the Homes of hell But to the glory of the Gospel, Christ could and would save even Binners such as that. (Applause ) He desired to commend the institution on the ground of their stewardship We all condemned, and with reason, the frivolity and the dissipation of the world that led us votaries to go through life as if life were given for nothing else but in Idling and for gaiety-as though they cared nothing for the guilt and grief that freight the world with agony and fill it with weeping But he was not so sure that, judged by the high standard of Christian stewardship, we might not be weighed in the balances and found wanting. Taking only the one item of money, he confessed that he could not understand why the stereotyped amount of one pound one should go from the top to the bottom of the subscription list. Why should A give no more than B when his circumstances were ten times better, or why should the amount of the subscription not be increased as year by year the ability to give was increased If he were to put in a few brief words what he thought was the central idea of the life of the Redeemer he should say that it was a life of most perfect self sacrifice, developing itself with the utmost intensity, and consecrating itself to the noblest ends The mission which Jesus came to fulfil had nothing to recommend it but its divine nobleness, and at what an expense He wrought out the work We talked about our feelings being so delicate, and our sensibilities so keen, that we could not go even into the doorway where some of these wretched individuals sinned and died. The Saviour took them in his arms, He drew them to His heart, He paid down the price of their ransom in His own life's blood. Unless we were prepared to a larger extent than now to consecrate ourselves to the task of walking in the steps that Jesus left for our guidance, and of imbibing the spirit that constrained Him to offer Himself a victim on the cross, whatever else we might be we were not Christ's after a Christ-like pattern. He was thinking as he sat here of that great day when all that now occupied our attention would be as a passing dream. The grandeur of the Great Assize had sometimes been placed before us, and the painter had striven in glowing colours, and the poet in glowing forms to bring it before our minds. We had heard of the clangour of the archangel's trump, of the quiver of the convulsed universe, of the darkness of that great eclipse that should blot out the sun and so extinguish I the stars, of that gathering awful In its very numbers, and the whole conception had been made to pass before our mind until the heart had been thrilled again with its im pressiveness, but if he were to select the one point in that great event to which all the rest was merely accessory and lit the drapery of the picture, he would select that point'' 35 ft man'S chowder and actions would be placed in the scale of eternal justice, and when a whole eternity of transport,' or torture would hinge upon the verdict Inasmuch as ye tfW it, or inasmuch as ye did it not. By that great and awful event he would urge the claims of this Sydney City Mission, If they had not expressed their sympathy in any piaoficïlform, let them do it now. We might not be able, many of us?, to do anything in the world which should dazzled by its splendour or sunk by its magnitude We might not belong to the gifted sons of science who should enrich the realms of knowledge, and secure for themselves a position of lasting fame ; we might not be among the gifted sons of song, who should pass on a day that should be sung by coming generations, who would link our name with the sweetness of its melody ; we might not in any other way secure that immortality which came from sculptured marble or monumental brass but we might all hush the deep drawn eight, wipe away the starting tear, lift the load of sorrow from the weary, lead captivity from the prison house, and raise the fallen from the mine; and, whether our means be limited or ample, we might secure the blessing of them that were ready to perish, and at last the commendation of Him who will say : Well done ; Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these ye have done it unto me. He hoped that this might be a red letter night in the history of the Sydney City Mission, that it might now start on a career of nobler effort, of greater and more glorious success. He had much pleasure in moving the resolution. (Applause.) The Rev. C. A. SMITH seconded the resolution. He had not long been in Sydney, but from all that he had read of the society's reports, from his personal observation of its operations, and from what he had heard of others, he had the fullest confidence in it, and he believed that it was doing a noble and a Christian-like work. The mission so far from retarding the work of the city minister helped it forward, and the agents of the society dealt with a class of persons whom the regular ministrations of the Gospel did not reach. There was often great difficulty experienced in obtaining work, and this caused fluctuations in the habits of even the church-going population among the humbler classes. Men were apt to lose heart and when they found that they could not got clothes for themselves and their families, and especially if they could not pay for their sittings, they ceased to frequent the regular churches ; but they might still be ministered to by the city missionaries, and thus be prevented from lapsing into a state of absolute heathenism. The society was of great value in an economic point of view. It had been estimated that every criminal who had been reclaimed represented a saving of £200 to the community. We knew that prevention was hotter than ours, and he would add, prevention was much less expensive than cure. The society, if judiciously worked, would save a vast deal to the country at large. He felt very deeply for the city missionaries. Their labours, though very arduous, were very humble, and often unrecognised. They might feed the regular Churches, but the working hand was all unBean. He believed that in that great day, when all things would come to light, it would be seen that there was many a poor city missionary that the world never heard of, and generally never thought of, who would be found to have turned many to righteousness, and who would shine as the stars for over and ever. The Rev. C. M'CULLOCH moved the following resolu- tion,-" That this meeting regards the fruits of City Mission labours as justifying the most strenuous efforts for their continuance, and whilst deploring the abounding vice and misery of the city, fervently desires to see an increase in the number of agents employed by this society." He had great pleasure in being present at the meeting, and in moving the resolution placed in his hand, but the subject had been so fully discussed by the preceding speakers, that he would have very little to say. He was there for the purpose of testifying his sympathy for a noble work, and to give all the assistance in his power to the object of a most important enterprise. There could be no doubt that the results which already flowed from the operations of the society had been cheering and encouraging in no small degree (Hear, hear) while they all must be aware of the difficulty under which such enterprises laboured. But notwithstanding this he was glad to see the large amount of good which had been effected by the members of the mission, and the increased benefit which would be derived from increased and extended efforts in the future. There was one circumstance which had given him gratification, and that was to see the society well constituted ; it was catholic in the true unsectarian sense of the word, all sectarian feeling being excluded, and the one object being the spreading of the word of God. They came there to work for the benefit of those poor perishing souls who needed assistance, and not for mere sectarian aggrandiao ment. He thought also that the society had been very fortunate in its choice of agents, for the selection of such men was a most momentous question. He believed that when a man stepped before them imbued with the life and spirit of the Lord, such a man was a blessing which could not be represented by gold. (Applause.) He was far from believing in the principle laid down by a certain able and sarcastic London print when it showed, by elaborate statistics, taking the churches and missions altogether, every convert cost 6343 10a, its. (Laughter.) Even if such a statement were true, should one soul so saved be put in the balance for one single moment with the paltry dust of the earth? (Applause) Could the mere paltry cost be considered when that one poor last sheep had been found carried back to the fold 'i He did not think that such a question should ever occupy their attention, for they were not to estimate the number of con- versions by the amount of gold expended. In continuance of his remarks upon the resolution before them, he would urge necessity for increased exertion by the employment of additional agents to visit those for whom the Saviour's heart was bleeding, and to endeavour to reclaim those who were now living without hope in the haunts of crime. During his experience, he found that the whole difficulty was in getting the right men to fill the positions-men who were filled with the faith of the Holy Ghost for those were the agents the Society should employ. (Hear, hear.) He did not care where the money was to come from seeing that they had a friend in the Master. They must employ a man fitted for such a task, and it would then be time enough to turn to the Lord Jesus Christ, and ask him to sea to his support (hear, heart-and he thought they would never sue in vain. The City Mission could do work which could not be undertaken by ministers, and, from experience which he had gained at home, he found that very accept, able and valuable assistance had been rendered by men and women who could visit places where ministers could not go, and not only obtain a footing but make an impression, where a minister's testimony was entirely shut out. For this reason those persons who undertook the work were bound to receive every encouragement. They were all agreed that the agents sometimes experienced great difficulty in dealing with certain cases, where persons who were to be benefited resolutely kept their doors closed, and allowed no one to enter for their good and therefore these men required all their sympathy and all the moral support they could give them. The haunts of vice, and the allurements and temptations which lured so many to their ruin, required to be exposed, and it was only by united testimony that they could effect such an object. (Applause.) And if they could do that, he was perfectly sure that a cleansing watercourse would reach those places where vice such as that described in the report existed. In conclusion, the rev. gentleman exhorted the meeting to increased exertion, and expressed his intention of helping to his utmost power such an admirable institution. Mr. M'Culloch resumed his seat amidst prolonged applause. The Rev. J. BARNIER seconded the resolution and in forcible language supported the views expressed by the preceding speaker as to the desirability of an enlargement of the society's efforts, and referred at some length to the principal heads of the report. He thought in that city could be seen not only the perfection of what was good but also what was bad. In his experience of bush life many deplorable instances of the utter abandonment and ignorance of the word of God had come under his notice, but the perfection of what was evil was to be found in that city. The temptation to the use of strong drink was in his opinion a great obstacle to the efforts of the mission, and that was one of the great evils which must be attacked. After some further remarks the resolution was put and carried unanimously. The CHAIRMAN intimated to the meeting that a collection would be made before the adjournment in aid of the funds of the Mission, The Rev. C. COPELAND moved,-"That this meeting hereby expresses its cordial approval of the formation of a a ladies' auxiliary to the missions, and earnestly desires its I success." He thought the society were very WEBB in bringing to bear upon their work the greatest influence we had in the world, and that was the influence of the ladies, and it was for that reason he agreed to move the resolution I before them. The Rev. A. W. WERE rose to second the resolution, and humourously remarked that woman was generally considered the better half of man, and that the mission had been as it were carrying on its work for a series of years without a better half to assist it, at least so it had appeared, and he hoped it would be soon found that it was a bolter three-fourths. He had every reason to believe co because the auxiliary society had brought in as the result of its last effort the encouraging sum of side. He hoped the efforts of the mission agents would be sustained not only by subscription but prayer, so that their work might not be in vain. He asked all Christian women to be true to the great work, and to remember what could be done when Christ was allied with them. There was much that could be done in aid of the cause by those women who followed in the footsteps of Christ, and it was to them also the society appealed for assistance. He believed that the future of this society would be a glorious one, and that its agents and its results also would increase. The resolution was then carried. The Rev. T. JOHNSON, in the absence of the Rev. Canon Stephen, M.A., moved the following resolution : " That the following gentlemen be the officers and committees for the ensuing year : Treasurer, Mr. John Thomp- son secretaries, the Revs. E. Robinson and J. Voller ; honorary medical attendant, Dr. Moffit. Committee Revs. J. Barnier, T. Johnson, W. Kelynack, W. Lowers, W. J. K. Piddington, W. Slatyer, A. S. Smith, Canon Stephen, M.A., A. W. Webb, Messrs. A B. Armstrong, S. Callaghan, N. J. Crocker, J. H. Goodlet, W J. Foster, J. S. Harrison, R. J. Horniman, J. Mills, T. P. Reeve. T B. Rolin, R. Saddington, B. Short The motion was seconded by the Rev. A. BURDETT, and carried. The Rev. T. JOHNSON having pronounced the benediction the meeting was brought to a close. 