Very Strange-But True. [THE truth, of the following extraordinary relation, strange as the facts are which it discloses, is guaranteed by the writer to its minutest particular. He offers no opinion as to tho curious psychological question which it involves, contenting himself with relating the facts precisely as they occurred, or as the impressions were left upon Ms own mind.] Twenty years ago, having just passed the crisis of a wasting fever, I was on a visit to a friend on the Murray, with a view to forward my convalescence. My friend's property was situated on one of the most beautiful spots of that pre- eminently beautiful part of the country. There was then some of the finest scenery of a certain kind on both sides of the Murray that could perhaps be found in the two colonies. . The banks for a considerable distance back are composed of a deep rich soil, which used to bear some of the stateliest specimens of our indigenous timber, and which, during the greater part of the year, were covered with a delightful verdure, interspersed with various coloured flowers. The gigantic trees stood at considerable, and in some cases at singularly regular, intervals apart, exposing to view beautiful glades through which the eye could roam for immense distances, and enjoy the loveliness which was scattered lavishly on every hand. The forests, during the day, were musical with the songs of birds, which abounded there in myriads, and painted the scene with their brilliant plumage, as they flashed from tree to tree. At evening, during the calm moonlit summer, the sights and sounds were if possible still more ravishing. In short, everything there seemed to breathe of content and joy : man was the only discontented creature in this earthly paradise. A few years previous to my visit the blacks had been very annoying on the Murray-spearing the cattle and destroying tho sheep of the settlers almost every day ; while the shepherds and stockmen dared not go to the river for water without firearms in their hands. Several travellers had been cruelly murdered, and more than one sheep or cattle station had been surrounded by troops of yelling blacks, and the inhabitants roasted in the flames of their own dwellings. At the period of my visit, though the outrages of thc aboriginals had become rarer, there was still a great deal of uneasiness amongst the white residents, who maintained the strictest vigdance, and seldom went far from their dwellings without firearms. But the danger was chiefly incurred by the poor " whitefellows ;" for, sin- gular as it may seem, the proprietors and their over- seers always enjoyed a partial immunity from the attacks of the blacks, once the latter came to under- stand the social distinctions which prevail amongst the whites. It was no uncommon thing for the black who had treacherously murdered some poor tramp to manifest the greatest respect for the person of the squatter or of his overseer (especially if the latter were a man of swellish exterior) when either was placed in his power. But this is a digression. To return. Not having re- gained sufficient strength to take exercise on horseback, I used to pass a considerable portion of my time fishing on the river, sometimes in a bark canoe under the shade of the overhanging trees which lined the banks in seve- ral places, at other times reclining on the banks them- selves, I allowed my line to remain unattended, and delivered myself up to the overpowering luxury of the scene. My favourite haunt was a beautiful oblong glade of forest abutting on a precipitous bank of the river, to which access was had by a flight of steps cut in the rich soil. A deep shelve was cut in the bank within reach of the water, which is there deep enough to float a man- of-war frigate, and which was a great place of resort for the largest kind of river cod. On this shelve a rude table and some benches were fixed for the convenience of fishers and visitors, and here the bark canoe was drawn up when not required on the river. When tired of the water I used to mount the bank, and, fastening my line to a peg, deliver myself up to the romance of the spot, and pass hours in a state of delightful lethargy, of which perhaps only those who have been convalescent have any ooncep tion. The place was once the site of a cattle station of which the traces were still quite fresh at the period of my visit. I had heard something from 'my friend about the blacks having surrounded the station om evening, slaughtering the inmates, fand burning ."every thing to the ground ; but in my then nervous state lu did not think it advisable to enter into the particular! of the tragedy, and I had almost forgotten the circum stance altogether when an incident occurred wldch even at this distance of timo, causes mo to shuddei instinctively when I think of the place aiid its once channing sights and sounds; It was in the month bf November, and my friend was then extremely busy with shearing and other matters, so that he had but little time to devote to my amuse1 ment ; and the neighbourhood of tho head station, in cluding my favourite fishing haunt, was overrun wit! sheep and shepherds during the day, so that I wat compelled to pass most of my time reading indoors. Th«re was not a soul on the station, besides my f rient (who was then a bachelor), with whom I was acquainted or could converse : hence for about a month my life was very monotonous, and by no means favourable tc restoration to my wonted health and spirits. Having listlessly read and dosed through one opprcssivelj warm day, I lay restlessly awake at my open window during the first part of the night, gazing out into thc beautiful moonlight, which silvered everything foi miles around, and inhaling thc cool and balmy .atmosphere so grateful after the almost tropical fervour of the day. Finding myself quite unable, and indeed . quito unwill ing, to sleep, I dressed myself and went to my favourite fishing- ground, taking with me a Hue and some baits. After fisldng about an hour, and when it was about midnight, the stillness, only broken by tho hoarse chirping of the forest crickets and by the subdued rustling of tho opossums and other nocturnal animals of tho Australian forest, at length induced a feeling of drowsiness. Yielding to this feeling, I reclined against a tree and dropped into a kind of doze, in which I could Btill see objects around me, though hazily, and could hoar confusedly the various hum of nocturnal life. J ust as I was on tho point of losing all conscious ness, I was startled by a piercing scream, whose echoes reverberated through the forest with fearful distinct ness. As I looked hurriedly and fearfully round me to see whence the scream came, a woman with a child of about twelve months old rushed past me along a dis tinctly beaten path which I had not previously seen. I observed that both she and the infant had on only their chemises or nightgowns ; and ber hair had burst from its bonds and floated wildly about her shoulders. Her face was deadly pale, and as she flew, rather than ran, towards the river she ever and anon cast a terrified glance behind her, giving utterance at the same time to screams which jiierced my very brain, and caused me to tremble like an aspen leaf. About twenty yards behind her came a stout heavy man, dressed in the ordinary guise of a bushman, and clenching in both of his partly raised hands a blood stained axe, from which I could distinctly see the gore and clotted blood still dropping. His face and clothing were likewise bespattered with blood, and as the moon fell full upon his features I saw that they were fear fully convulsed, his bloodshot eyes starting from their sockets, and his parted livid lips quivering in tho ecstasy of passion. As he perceived the woman near ing the bank of the river he seemed to make an effort to shout to her, but the noise diod in his throat, while his breast and throat heaved convulsively with the effort. He did not cease running, however, but still rushed forward, and reached the bank as the woman, having cost a last terrified look behind her and having uttered a laßt heart-rending sc: ?om, plunged headlong from the precipitous bank into'the'still depths below. There was a heavy splash, a slight bubbling, then all was still ; neither mother nor infant appeared more. As the man saw her take the horrid leap he raised one hand instinctively above his head, and his jaw fell, as if even he were horror-stricken at the catastrophe. He peered eagerly into the water for some time as if . he expected the mother or infant to rise to the surface, and he moved up and down the bank as if to make sure that they did not re- appear in a different iiart from where they had plunged in. But it was in vain: there was not the slightest current in the water, and it was evident that they must have been caught in the branching arms of a sunken tree and thus mercifully preserved from a more slow and perhaps a more horrible death. At length ho seemed to become aware of the hopelessness of watching, and he turned Iiis face full upon me. I instinctively shrunk, as if I wished to hide myself from his gaze, in the body of the tree against which I had all this time been sitting bolt upright, and as incapable of motion as if I had been turned into stone. His oyes glared steadily into minc, but there seemed to be no cognisance of my presence in thom, and he passed on along the path whenco ho came. A frightful change had como over the expression of ' his countenance. His eyes seemed now to have sunk deeply in his head, and Iiis mouth was convulsively distorted into a hideous grin, exposing his bare tightly clenched teeth ; and over all these was spread au unearthly pallor, in frightful contrast with tho previous partly livid, partly lurid, colour of his convulsed features. He now walked with slow and unsteady steps, deviat ing from and returning to the path frequently, ns a drunken man might do. His hands hung listlessly by his side, or twere raised sometimes to«striko himself violontly on tho breast or forehead. Ho still carried the axe, as it woremcchanically,in his nerveless fingers ; and he would stop frequently as if conversing with himself, and turn his face to tho river, as if undecided whether to movo forward or turn back. AB he had taken his gaze from my countenance and moved on along tho path, I arose and [moved forward a few paces *? in tlie Bame direction, urged by an irresistible impulse todo so, notwithstanding my dread of tho lddeous creature before me. As I did so, what was livy astonish ment to perceive on the rising ground before nie, at a distance of about three hundred yards, a large and apparently new slabbed hut, such as are usually seen on cattle stations, having a large verandah hi front, covered, as was the roof, with hugo sheets of bastard box bark, or, as it is more generally termed, " messmate." The usual surroundings of a cattle station wore distinctly visible. A large heavily raded stockyard stood at some distance from and one side of 'the hut, wilde one of smaller dimensions and of slighter make coidd be seen on the other side. In tlds latter yard were "some half-dozen milking cows lazily chewing the cud and whisking their tads, while their calves were bellowing to them from an enclosed pen. Everything stood out clearly, and, could I behove my eyes, tho sun appeared to be just sinking on the horizon and tinged everything with his last golden rays ! Surprise and terror had still loft me reflection enough to question the evidence of my senses; and I rubbed my oyes and pinched myself till my flesh tingled with pain, to ascertain whether I were awake, or the sport of some horrible dream. There was no mistake at all about it: everytldng was too evident and palpable to admit of such an explana tion as that I was morely dreaming. But what was the most mysterious circumstances in my case was that, while incapable of making the slightest attempt to approach tho man who I knew must have com mitted a foul murder, and whose threatening violence I had seen hurry two souls into eternity, and while incapable of giving utterance to a single word were it to have saved my lifo, I yet possessed a power and quickness of perception of which I had never pre viously given any evidence. Thus tho whole of thc scene which I had just witnessed could not have lasted many minutes, and my mind was full of its horror, yet I found myself noticing the minutest circumstances in the neighbourhood with a species of horrible calmness for which I could not account. It was as if I were a dual person, leading an oxistenco within an existence, .one of which was sensitive to and rendered powerless by horror, and the other acting the part of an interested but fearless and unimpassioned spectator. While never for a moment losing sight of tho wretched being before me, or failing to observe his slightest motions, I could yet count tho number of rails in the btock yard, and could notice the peculiar movements of the poultry as they ensconced themselves in an old gum tree near thc hut. But though all theso things impressed them selves forcibly on my observation, my attention was soon completely absorbed by the bombie spectacle which met my gaze. The hut, like most other cattle station huts, was composed of two rooms in front, with a verandah of bark, and there were subjoined two "skillion rooms" behind In the front, at each side of tile wide open doorway, there was a large apertiu-e, such as is usuaUy made for windows in such huts, and each window was supplied with a calico blind, and a single shutter swung on straps of leather to the slabs. One of these shutters was fastened firmly back, while the other was slapping backwards and forwards on a single strap of leather, and was only prevented from closing by the presence of an apparently dead body hanging out of the window. My eyes were riveted upon this object, and as it grew into all its ghastly fulness, I noticed that life was either not yet quite extinct, or the swaying to and fro of the shutter against it gave a slight motion to its arm. It was the body of a man thrust forward as far as the Mps through the window, with the face down ; and over it swung the calico blind, torn into sln-eds by the forcible protrusion of the body. The back of the head was frightfully hacked as with an axe, and the still drip ping blood was running in furrows down his extended arms, and had formed a clotted pool on tho ground beneath. I understood at once that this was the. work of the wretched man who was now approaching the hut, and who, as he caught sight of the ghastly object, quickened his pace, and, raising his axe'with a hoarse imprecation, ho struck tho lifeless skull several heavy blows, the blood flowing in sluggish spurts at every blow. I struggled, as it seemed to me, madly to hasten forward, and stay tho murderer's hand, but in vain : my feet were rooted to tho spot. I tried to shout, but my voice died in a hoarse whisper, which I myself could only feel, not hear. And here, too, the horrible acuteness and com prehensiveness of perception, which I have already mentioned as characterising me on that occasion, was particularly active. As the skuU and shoulders of the body swayed under the blows of the murderer, I caught a glimpse of the murdered man's countenanco, andnever did I behold a more ghastly sight. The forehead wore bulged forward into a narrow blue-red lump, from which thc eyes woro hanging a couplo of inches ; wldle the tongue, which protruded from thc mouth, was partly severed by the teeth, winch were exposed in a land of horrible leer. I tried to close my eyes and shut out the dreadful vision ; but I seemed to have lost all control over my motions. I felt conscious of making an effort to pray ; but thoughts suitable to such an object seemed held in a kind of mental perspective before me, as if held there in mockery by some malicious sprite, and I dared not form them into sentences. In thc meantime tho murderer had gone into tho hut and returned, leading a terrified-looking child, of about threo j'ears old, by the hand, and bearing with him a bushman's swag, composed of a pair of blankets rolled up tightly with straps, and having a quart pot and pint depending from them. He had left tho axe in tho hut, and had cast off his blood-stained clothes and replaced them with a cleau blue shirt and moleskin trousers. I saw the whole plan of oscapo in prospective, but I could not raise a fingor to frustrate it, although tho inurderor in coining out of tho hut passed me quite olosoly. I noticed that lie had a tomahawk now,inhis belt.: He-held tho swag in one hand, and by the other, led. the little fellow, who I could see 'from a certain similarity of feature'was his son.. He went; about fifty ydrds from tho hut to where there was a fallen tree., Here ho flung down. his swag and seated the .child, having done which, ho returned hastily to the hut, into: which he re-entered, and thoro remained for some time." Af ter the 'lapse of several minutes 'he reappeared, and I then perceived smoko issuing in dense volumes through, door, windows, and interstices of the slabs. He had set fire to tho hut. Tho flames soon burst forth, and gave round a lurid glare * . on tho approaching darkness, licking and crackling around eveiy slab and timber. in tho budding. Soon the fragile roof caved in and there was nothing left but the blazing framework of tho building. Iliad now a distinct view of the interior of the hut, and I observed that the room, out of the window of which' depended the lifeless body of the murdered man, had been the bedroom of the family, Tho four posts of the bedstead still stood like glaring pillars of fire, and the bedclothes undulated in waves of black and blazing embers. My whole attention, however, was now absorbed in watching tho motions of the murderer, who stood at a little distarieo from the hut watching tho conflagration with folded arms. Presently he cast his eyes towards thc corjise which was now smoking hide ously, jets of Jlame breaking out of it here and there for a moment and then expiring suddenly. Whether it was the action of the fire, or merely fancy, I thought the corpso writhed convulsively in the fierce element which was licking and roaring round it like some hungry monster. As tho murderer observed this he smiled hideously, and getting a long pole or sapling he pushed off the blackened coals from the neck aird shoulders, as if to protract the half conscious contortions of the body, and at last, as the slabs underneath gave some symptoms of falling away, he thrust the body violently backwards within the hut. Soon after thc slabs fell in, in patches, and nothing was left of tho hut and its contents save a few stones, which marked where the fire place had been, and a heap of smouldering rubbish which rose and fell to thc pidsations of the atmosphere. It had now become quite dark, and I could discern things but faintly. And here let me remark that the progress of time was distinctly marked during the occur rence of those shocking events. As I have already re marked, the sun was apparently just setting when the station and its surroundings stood before my astonished gaze, and night had crept on, inrpercept ibly but per fectly in the sequence of the events which I have narrated. The night was, however, calm and star, light, so that I was. enabled to witness the horrible end of this fearful tragedy-for the end has yet to be re lated. When the murderer saw his dreadful work now nearly consummated, he turned to where he had left the child. Here he paused a while and picked up his swag, which, af ter a moment's consideration, he flung down again. His countenance I could now see was again convulsed with contending emotions, and once or twice he threw mi Ids clasped hands as if in mental agony. Ai last he became more calm, and seemed to havo made his resolve, for going stealthily behind the infant, who, in spite of the horrors which he had witnessed, had fallen fast asleep against the fallen tree. He leant forward and kissed him repeatedly on tho lipB and forehead. His tears, too, fell fast upon the child's face, and I was wondering what would bo his next pro ceeding. When my veiy marrow was chilled by seeing him draw forth his tomahawk from his belt, and strike the poor little infant a violent blow ont he forehead. There was a crunch of yielding bones, a convulsive shudder of the little frame, and all was over. Again, the murderer raised his clasped hands spasmodically and fell on his knees beside the slaughtered babe. But he rose quickly again with a hideous laugh, and raising the infant hi his armB, and kissing its inanimate features passionately, bore it towards the still smouldering embers of the hut, and cast it amongst them, at the same tune gathering round it the still glowing coals, and piling fresh wood over it. He stood for a while gazing on the awful scene with a kind of frightful calmness, which was more terrible to behold than his previous agitation. At last, with an apparent effort, he tore himself from the spot, picked up his bundle, and with a terrible cry of mingled horror and grief he rushed from the spot and disappeared from my sight. At the same moment huts, stockyards, and everything, which had been present to my gaze with such awful distinctness, disappeared from my sight, and the forest resum ed its wonted appearance. Again I rubbed my eyes and looked fearfully around me. Largo beads of cold sweat stood upon my brow, and my knees shook visibly under me. I tried to halloo aloud, and the forest now resounded with my voice. I stamped on tho ground and explored care fully cvoiy inch of ground where the hut had stood, but there was nothing to be seen, save that the (¡russ was there a little greener. I found I was standing fully three hundred yards from tho river bank where I had previously reel hied, and upon looking at my watch I ascertained that it wanted a quarter to 4 o'clock, and tho day was just breaking. It was evident I must have dreamt tho horriblo circumstances which I have detailed ; but if I did I must have dreamt with my eyes wide open and while moving about on my feet. As I had never before -performed any feat of somnambulism, I could not credit myself with such on the present occasion. Inexpressibly shocked and confounded, I retraced my steps to the river, drew out my line mechanically, and more dead than alive turned towards tho head station. As I approached my friend's homestc ad tho sun was rising, and tho shepherds were moving off lazily with their sheep, in order to secure them a feed boforo tho heat of the day had set in and drove them panting to camp. Tho smoke was issuing from every hut, and tho shearers were taking themselves betimes to their work. Several of tho men gazed curiously at me, and whispered earnestly to each other, as I moved past them. .. - As I entered the gateway and proceeded up tho path in front of tho- house, I perceived my Mend standing and smoking in the verandah. As he saw ino he with drow his pipe hastüy from his mouth and uttered an exclamation of surprise. Taking my hand tenderly in his, and looking anxiously in my face, ho said, "Why, Fred, my dear fellow, what takes you abroad at thisi hour in your weak stato ? and how deadly pale you look !" I returned the pressure of his hand, without replying to 1dm, and re-entoring my bedroom I flung myself on the ' bed, dressed ns I was, and sank into a profound slumber, from whioh I did not awake tUl nightfall. Next day, despite the prayers and protestations of my friend, I set out on my return to Goulburn, where I arrived in the course of a few days by easy stages. Tho shook which my nervous system had received from the horrible experiences of that evcr-to-bo-remem bored night, retarded my recovery; but youth, and a naturally vigorous constitution, eventually triumphed, and a few months witnessed my perfect restoration to health, and to something like my former buoyancy of spirits. SUPERNATURAL APPEARANCE.-Olio Hight last WOek a young man was coming from Shoalhaven, when he beheld what he believed was a ghost, or something very' like one. On crossing Mount Pleasant ho was riding leisurely along, the night being dark but sufficiently light onough to enable him to discern objects, when, without any previous intimation, his horse started at something. Simultaneously a strange noise was heard, and on looking down to tho side of the road he beheld the spectre. The head was only visible, and he describes it as hoing larger in size than a cow's. Tho cars wore as long as a person's arm, while the oyes appeared as largo as a man's fist, and kept whirling round and round. Tho horse immediately started, and did not halt till near Kiama. .Wc have been informed that another individual observed something startling one Sunday night, not long ago, about tho small hours. He was returning homo, and 1 when between Mount Pleasant and Kiama, a creature hi tho form of a man, about six feet in height, with black 1 stripes down each of Ids legs, and minus a head, made its appearance very near his horse's hoad. The indir vidual looked at it, and continued his course, but several times he noticed it following 1dm at a brisk paco. He immediately put spurs to his horse and the ghost taking the hint quickened his pace. They raced for some distance, when suddenly the spectre " -anished into thin air." Such are the circumstances as . elated to us. , We refrain from giving any opinion I on the matter. They were related to us in all sincerity on thc night of the occurrence, and the witness was ! veiy nervous, and " all of a shake." Tho only conclu sion we can arrive at is that the spectre might have been " Parkes's Ghost" taking a tour round the beloved constituency. -Kiama Pilot, REMARKABLE-IP TRUE.-IS Italie extracts from the "Annals de la Médecine et dela Chirurgie Etran gère" the following extraordinary history :--" On the 18th April, 1868, in the prison of Villarica, Brazil, two menj[named Aveiro and Carines were executed at the same time. Dr. Lorenzo y Carmo, of Rio Janeiro, weU known by savants for his remarkable works on electricity applied to physiology, Ids surgical skill, and his success m autoplastio operations, obtained per mission to profit by this event in order to experiment on tho power of electricity, and illustrate its analogy with some of tho phenomena of lifo. ,The numerous experiments hitherto attemped have been made on the head and trunk separately. Dr. Lorenzo y Carmo's design was, if possible, to unite the head to the heck after decapitation. The heads of the two criminals fell within a few minutes of each other into the same basket ; first that of Carines, then that of Aveiro. Immediately after this second execution, a compres sion was effected by a pupil of Dr. Lorenzo on the carotid arteries of one of the heads so as to stop the haemorrhage. The body was then placed on a bod already prepared, and Dr. Lorenzo stuck the head as exactly as possible on tho section and kept it in that position. The ceUs of a powerful electric pde wore applied to the base of the neck and on the breast. Under this influence, as in former experiments, the respiratory movements were at once perceptible. As tho blood, which penetrated in abundance through the surface of the scar, threatened to stop the passage of air, Dr. Lorenzo had recourse to tracheotomy. Respi ration then ensued regularly. Tho head was fastened to tho body by stitches and by a special apparatus. The physiologist wished to ascertain for how long a tune this appearance of life could thus be artificially maintained. His astonishment was great when he saw that at tho end of two hours not only did respiration still continue under the influence of tho electric current, but that circulation. had even resumed a certain regularity. Tho pulse beat feebly, but sensibly. The experiment was continued without intermission. At tho end of sixty-two hours it was evident that a process of cicatrisation had commenced on tho lips of the section. A little later signs of life manifested them selves spontaneously in the head and limbs, till then deprived of motion. At this moment the director of tho prison arriving for the first time in the experiment room, observed that by a singular mistake due to the haste of the operation the head of Carines had been taken for that of Aveiro, and had been applied to tho body of the latter. The experiment was continued notwithstanding. Three days later the respiratory movements reproduced themselves and electricity was suppressed. Dr. Lorenzo y Carmo and his,, assistants were stupified-frightened at a result so unexpected. Tho learned surgeon who had only had in view a simple physiological exiieriment, employed all Iris skill to continue his work, which science, aided against all expectation by nature, had so singularly commenced. Ho assisted tho iiroccss of cicatrisation which pro gressed under tho most favourable conditions. By means of an ccsophagian probe liquid nourishment was introduced into the stomach. At thc end of about three months tho cicatrisation was complete, and motion, though still difficult, became more and moro extended. At length, at the end of seven months and a half, Aveiio- Carines was able to rise and walk, fool ing only a slight stiffness in tho neck and a feebleness in tho limbs.-Pall Mall Gazette. On Thursday afternoon, says the Maitland Mercury, the residence of Mrs. M'Cartney, in Preo Church-street, had a very narrow escape from fire. Adjoining Mrs. M'Cartncy's house is a stabloand ash pit, used by her neighbour; into this ash pit some hot cinders had been thrown by the servant, which ultimately resulted in tho stable catching fire. However, as tho fire was quickly observed, it was, by tho prompt assistanco of some neighbours, extinguished before any considerable damage could bo done. 