LITERATURE. Notices of Recent Colonial Publications. " LEAVES FROM AUSTRALIAN FORESTS," HENRY KENDALL.-Wo confess ourselves groal disappointed in those poems. On opening tho wo at the dedication, wo felt ourselves warranted expecting that the character of tho poems would in keeping with tho good sense, manly fooling, a; clear diction which pervades that dedication, this we woro disappointed. Of tho forty-five poei which compose tho volume there are not a doz worthy of hoing retained in print. There aro soi beautiful images and forcible expressions scattor throughout the work ; but they aro only to be d; coverod by patient and painful research, except some half-dozen instances. Tho prevailing style oxtromoly vicious. Crude, half-formed thoughts n rudely thrust before tho reader's gazo, and cloth in tho most fantastic and insufficient garb lauguago. It is many ycaw since wo rei our Horace, and our classical knowledge gen rally is somewhat rusty ; but on lookii over our watery-eyed friend's lyrics at present "s find we can translato thom faster than Kendall Tins should not bo. Porhaps som o of our" reade can toll us what tho following means : Daughter of the dead-red summers, mon that laugh, and ra that wcop, Call tho music-shall I follow, choose their name, and tu and sleep f "What thou art, bohold I I know not, but thy honey slat and slays Half the want which whitons manhood in tho stress of all days. After threo ineffectual attempts to extract son meaning from thoso wondrous passages, entailing sovero headache on each occasion, we had to give up in despair. It is but a stop from tho sublimo tho ridiculous, and Kondall, in his desiro to avo anything like vulgarity of diction, runs into tl worse extremo of elevation, camed to obscurity not to absolute nonsense Ono would havo oxpecti an imporishablo delineation of a beautiful, passionat and haughty woman from tho man who wrote, Is she a muiden, or marble ? or rather A tigress at wait ? To pounce on the soul for her pastimo A leopard for love or for hate. But thoso few beautiful lines are enclosed in soven verses of tho merest drivel, in which there is not eve the ghost of an idea to be found. Again, in h "Death in tho Bush," which is a subject ono wou] tliink congonial to tho somewhat sombro tone ( Kendall's mind, tho strongest point is tho picture ( a stockman throwing a bag of toa into tho lap of tl disconsolate widow. Wo novor read a poet in ot lifo who shows such an utter absonco of interest i tho concorns of mankind, or such a want of humu sympathies and affections. There is in his works n love, no bato, no joy, no sorrow, in tho sonso i which these feelings aro experienced or understood b the groat bulk of mankind. Humour of th faintest kind is totally absent from his poems, un apparently totally foreign to his naturo. His fort is description of inanimate nature in her rudest an grandest phases. Ho delights in tho utorm-cappe summit, the surf- tormented shoro, and in the mingle roar and wail of soa and "wind. His own poworfull vivid impressions of such sights and sounds ho cor veys as acciirntely perhaps as tho pen of man ca: convey thom ; and carries his readers unresisting!; with bini in his boldest fights through " desperat tracts and furthermost spaces." But hero his powe ceases ; indeed ho seoms careless about oxortingit n any other direction. Wo fear this defect is radica and insuperable ; and that "Australia's poet" hat not yet appeared in print. Tho future poet ol Australia may obtain some splendid bints from Kendall, but he must be a man of more intensely human fooling ; and he must form a stylo the anti thesis of his-ho must eschew tho cumbroui phraseology and awkward word-juggling which wil always render nino-tenths of Kendall's writingi iinintelligiblo, not to tho masses of English readers alone but to tho cultured. " THE GATES AJAR" is tho titlo of an American novelro-issuedbyMr. Goorgoltobortson, of Melbourne, It consists of speculations on a futuro stato indulged in by two ladies of a religious turn, who have lost respectively a dear brothor and a loved husband, The younger lady (Mary), who has lost her brothel in tho war of the secession of tho Southern States, manifests a somewhat reboUious disposition towards tho decrees of Providence, and a dissatisfaction with its arrangements gonornUy. Sho entertains a morbid dislike to tho consolation of hor neighbours, and entors minutely into an analysis of hor sufferings and of tile motives of hor good-naturod but somo what rudo friends by whom sho is bored to death. At last a truo consoler comes in tho poison of Amit Winifred, tho "widow bf a congregational minister, whom sho recontly buried, and whom sho loved dovotodly. Mary's description of Aunt Winifred is feminine and characteristic. Wo aro told that " sho is still young, though sho has very groy hair, and her face is deeply furrowed with tho linos of suffering," which, wo prosumo, is a delicate paraphrase for wrinkles ; furthormoro, "she is some what irregular in features, und sho is of rather dumpy proportions j" notwithstanding which, " Eaphuol would have hailed her as a model for ono of his rapt Madonnus." Aunt Winifred, howovor. has extraordinary con versationiil powers, and is perfectly inexhaustible on tho subjects of love, and of tho condition of tho saints in tiro noxt lifo. Upon tho latter topic sho broaches somo novol, if not hetorodox, theories, and is at issue with the most ominont divines, from Arch bishop Whateloy down to hor neighbour and pastor, tho Hov. Dr. Bland. One of her theories is that the first stage in tho next lifo is, Uko tho present, ono of probation. As tho lino must bo drawn somowhoro, however, she Umits spiritual progross towards perfection to throo stages. She is an admirer of triple arrangements goneraUy, an adopts Professor Buck's theory, that man is composed of a material body, a spiritual body, und a soul. Death romoves the matorial body, and tho spiritual body and soul remain together till tho . work of perfection is consummated, when tho I spuitual body is also cast off and tho soul is left to \ pursuo alone its glorious career. "Wo aro not qiuto \ sure that we understand Aunt Winifred hore, and \ we aro stiU moro uncertain as to whether sho under \ BtandB horself. Hoi- expressions, however, warrant ' no other construction than wo havo put upon them. vBut there is nothing which so quickly degenerates rato'utterrot as theological "speculations." The best-balanced and most masculine minds, find thom selves bewildered in the regions of speculativi theology ; but woman,' with her daring imaginatioi and uncertain judgment, is there as^the,'meres: feather, tossed about by every breath'of opinion.anc finding rest nowhere Notwithstanding all this th< book is readablo from beginning to end. Here is i specimen of those exquisito little vanities which make us love tho dear creatures whilo wn-laugh at them Mary says : I like'to watcrAA.unt Winifred brushing her beautiful groj hair ; ifquito alters lier face to have it down. " I used to b( proud of my bair when a girl," sho said, with a slight blush whon she saw I was looking at her : " it was all I had to b( proud of, and I made the most of it. Ali, well i I was dark haired three years ago, when my husband died. ? When I air in Heaven I shaUhavemyprettydarkhairagain." lt seemed sc odd to hear her say that ; then the next minuto it did nol seem odd at all, but tho most natural thing in tho world. The latter part of tho book abounds in those doli cato and beautiful touches of nature which only ri truo and loving woman can give. Of such are tin accounts of poor little Clo's love adventure ; Amini dab's awkwardness and manly tenderness ; and pre eminently of such is tho scene where tho bravo and tender Aunt Winifred unfolds hor secret sufferings, from cancer of the breast, to tho astounded Mary. Wo cannot indulgo our wish to givo some of those exquisite passages in which the last chapters abound ; siiffico it to say that they bear the stamp of genius, and all must rise from the perusal edified, if saddoncd. " COMMUNICATIONS FIIOM ANOTHER. WOULD." This work is merely a reprint also from Mr. Robertson, of Melbourne, of one previously pub lished in the United States, under tho title oi "Planchette or the Despair of Science." It is n collection of tho most noticeable so-called facts oi modern spiritualism, illustrated by references to thc superstitious beliefs of mankind in all ages and countrios, arid compared with tho theories oi scientific material philosophers as to the production of tho phenomena of spiritualism. In tone the worli is vulgarly and offensively polemical throughout, Tho compiler seems to have taken it for granted that the scientific world is in league to put down spiritualism by any means, fail* or foul, and he lashos out fiorcely against the scientific world ac cordingly. With such quarrels wo have nothing tc do ; and it would answer no useful purpose to follow tho author through tho long list of spiritua] manifestations which ho adduces. It will bc sufficient to say that tho great majority of his instances aro of un extremely trumpery character ; and that tho Davonjiort Brothers, Mr. Home, and Mr. Foster, who aro woll known to the world as spiritual mediums, and in connection with some very mundano trickory, aro adduced .aBiftho most gifted and trustworthy exponents of tho mystorics oí another world. In view of tho evidence furnished by those mediums against themselves, it is not sur prising that tho majority of thinking minds scout thoir protensions. When it is borne in mind that nearly all the proceedings of spiritualists are initiated in a darkened room and are characterised by tho most grotesquo and frivolous displays, tho most thoughtless might very well revolt from tho conclu sion they aro asked to accept. Admitting that there is something unaccountable in many of the rimni festations of spiritualists, it is no more than we are compelled to do in regard to the performances of conjurors, jugglers, and fortune - tellers, who distinctly repudiate spiritual agency in tho production of their astound ing tricks. Nothing tho spiritualist can do oxcols, nor indeed equals, in apparent violation of tho laws of nature, tho feat of the Indian juggler, who, in the most public thoroughfare and in midday, will cut off the head of a cock and stick it on again five minutes afterwards, when the .bird will walk away, clapping his wings and crowing lustily. To come nearer homo, we had in tho person of Miss Haydeo Heller displays of clairvoyance which might well bo considered supernatural, but which were distinctly repudiated as such by her brother, Mr. Robert Holler. Tho inference from all tliis is, to tho majority of thinking mon, sufficiently obvious. In answor to tho charge of frivolity urged against spiritual manifestations in general, wo aro told that spirits in tho other world aro just ns ignorant and stupid as thoy woro in tho flesh. This is all very woll, of courso ; but we should have expected some thing bettor from tho spirit of Benjamin Franklin than that ho should have passed two or three hours of his valuable time in lifting tables and blowing trumpets for tho delectation of a half dozen olderly ladies and gentlemen. When spiritualists have boon asked to produco their manifestations in daylight and in a public hall, beforo a body of scientific men, and to repeat those manifestations ?when roqnired, they have ropliod that tho production of spiritual phonomena does not rest with them, but .with tho spirits, and thoso do not chooso to make 'their disclosures in such a manner. This is very liko bogging tho question. Some believe electricity to bo at tho bottom of all these manifestations ; and it is not unlikely that sphitualists in pursuing a monstrous chimora aro paving tho way for discoveries scarcely less wondorful in thoir material results than tho rabid imaginings of credulous enthusiasts. 