FIRE IK PITT-STREET. BETWEEN one. and two o'clock thia morning, a fire was discovered to have broken out at the rear of the premises next to the Victoria Theatre, in the occupa- tion of Messrs. Cripps, Metcalf, and Murphy. The flames had been gaining a mastery- for moro than half an hour before any .of tho fire engines reached tho spot ; and when they did arrive the usual difficulty of short Bess of water stood in the way of their getting to work. Mea'nwhilo a crowd had. gathered around, and : many persons in the orthodox stupid fashion that pre- vails at fire» in this city, burst opon the promises and proceeded to save the furniture and effeots from the ravages of the devouring element, by dashing them in the most approved style from upstair windows and balconies on to the, pavement .below. By the time thia stupid. process of destruction was completed, ' two or three' jjats from os. many engines began to play upon the main body of the fire, and the volunteers and brigade men working with a will, all.danger of any further destruction was at an end. "We were unable to ascertain at tho timo of writine, to whom the houses belong, the - amount of damagedono, or whether the premises nnd goods were | insured or not. Nearly every article in Mr. Metcalfe'* studio was removed. from the upstair rooms, but the greater portion, .consisting of frames and glassware, was destroyed by the senseless .fellows who hurled them into tho street. The. Sro is supposed to havo originated in Mr. Metcalfe'« back premises.. Tho fire was first noticed by constable Howell, who wo3 on duty in the neighbourhood, and a young man unme John "White, who resides in Castlereagh- strect, who was passing. Thc latter climbed up the water-spout of one of the houses and gotupon the roof, whore he was soon joined by another youth named Haugh, and. these two, at considerable risk, and with great courage and judgment, succeeded in tearing away a portion of tho burning roof connecting Mr. Murphy's with Mr. Met- calf e'a shop, and thus prevented theilanies travelling northward, where, had they got hold, the Viotoria Theatre and adjoining buildings would have been in danger. . ' A. NEW MAGICIAN.-Mr. Chapman, whoso feats in tho necromantic line are highly spoken of is expected to nrrivo in Sydney shortly, where ho will give a series of his performances. It will be recollected that Mr. Chapman arrived from California previous to Mr. Heller, and first oponed in Melbourne Ho is now in Tasmania where his audiences aro ovidently woll pleased with his clover feats. Second sight and a man sealed up in a sackful of ghosts aro amongst tho wonders of his programme. "WALLABY SKIS«.-It appears that Messrs. Aldcrson and Sons, of Sydnoy, in tho pursuit of their business, are desirous of extending their operations, aa fur as tho purchase of raw" material goes, into Queensland. It seems that they havo sent information to Warwick to tho effect that they aro prepared to buy any quantity of wallaby skins at 10s. per dozen. Tho mode of pre- paring the skins is very simple, and can bo done without any extra expense and very little trouble by any person living on a station or farm. Messrs. Alderson recommend that the skins bo simply salted and folded up, similar to the mode of salting bullock hides, but thu skins, moat nob be cut or injured by shot. 