GENE Ii A L S U M MARY. LONDON, JANUARY 31ST. Tho Australian mails for November wore punctually 'delivered. The Queen and Court are spending Christmas at 'Osborne. Prince Leopold's health has improved. The Colonial question continues to be discussed and ttgitnted. Three more Wednesday conferences were held at Cannon-street Hotel; Mr. Beaumont showed, by striking statistics, how invariably trade follows tho flag of Englund ; apparently tho only arguments to some minds in favour of the retention of the colonies. Dr. Shorthouse, e'ditor and proprietor of tho :Sporting Times, was fined £50, and sentenced to three months'. imprisonment for libel, in imputing \- 'dishonorable conduct in «orakching of horses by Slr J. Hawley. The Times, by n suit in tho "Vico-Chnncellor's Court, hns compelled tho Cleikenwell A'cioj to drop thc word9 London Times from the end of tho title. The Monarch, with the remains of Mr. Peubody, left Spithead on tho 21st Januaiy, after detention by gales. H.M.S. Plymouth accompanied her. The three Bishops of Exeter, Bath and Wells, and tho Falkland IslandB, were consecrated on thc 21st of December, nt Westminster Abbey. Tito opposi- tion ta Dr. Templo was maintained to the last; 'four formal protests were entered against him; he declined to disavow sympathy with tho Essays and llovicws. John Bull intimates that his Episcopal brethren will cut him nftcr his confirmation. A warm testimonial has been presented to Dr. Temple by his former pupils. A suffragan bishop to.the Primate of Canterbury has been appointed by tho Government Tile Archbishop of Canterbury recovered from his late serious illness and ix now convalescent. General Sir De Lacy Evans is dead. Tho German frigate Hertha, Commodore Kalah, is tho first war ship that pnssed through tho Suez Canal, «nd is now clear on her way to join tho squadron in tho .Japanese '\ators. More than a thousand poor persons wcro relieved by her Majesty, at tho Almonry office, Scotland yard. There has been a Fenian attack upon the Salford militia in order to seize eight hundred stand of arms. The Welsh fnsilng girl died on the eighth day of a fortnight's watch, in tho presence of nurses from Guy's Hospital. The parents refused to offer tho girl any food. A verdict of manslaughter has been relumed against tho father.. Thoncquittal of the Overend mid Gurney Bank directors was received with loud acclamations in Court. Tho verdict Was approved by tho Judge, mid tho decision gave great relief to all concerned. . Tho Bitting Judge refused costs to tho prosecutor. A Times telegram from Berlin last week states that Franco.has proposed a disarmament at Vienna, St. Pctorsburgh, Berlin, and Puris, und it is also sup- posed at London. Tliero is no confirmation of the statement. Lord Clarendon sent tho congratulations of the British Government to M. Lesseps who was so pleased thnt he communicated it to tito Emperor. Last Monday evening eighteen people were crushed to death nt Bristol in a theatre panic, caused by a cry of fire. The performance proeeeded. The Rev. Mr. Spurgeon has experienced a relapse into his former serious illness. There have been destructive gales on the coast, with heavy rains, great floods, and high tides. These wcro followed by tho frost mid snow of true Christmas weather. Tho engineer's report states that thpre Bro crnckR in tho granito columnB of tho Holborn viaduct, but that there is no danger, to bc apprehended from tho defect. ïhe Rifle Volunteers nro to bo gradually called in at thc conclusion of their term of service. At tho Smithfield Cattle Show there were cases of foot and mouth disenso discovered. Numerous arrivals were detained nt tho Agricultural Kali, Islington. 'Ute punishment of Hogging was inflicted upon eight garrottors. Brotidhcnd, after some aerto-comio farowell gather- ings, departed for America, A testimonial in tho shape of a cheque for £1310, ?was presented to tho Rev. Thomas.Binnoy after a pastorato nf forty yours. Tho Tintes censures tho South Australian Govern- ment for its conduct in reference to the Bank of South Australia nnd the purchasers of land in tho Northern territory. Tennyson's new book has been published-"The Holy Grail." Charles Matthews is taking farewells prior to leaving for Australia. General Tom Thumb and his interesting troupe are passengers to Australia by the present mail. Traupmann, tho Alsace workmnn, tho perpetrator of thc shocking murder of Kinch and all his family, has been found guilty, and sentenced to suffer death. His trial mused great excitement. . 15,000 persons applied to ho present. At Pisa, in Tuscany, forty lives have been lost awing to the Inundation ol' tho Arno, Dissensions hnvo appeared in the (Ecumenical Council, and it is behoved that if the " Infallibility " doctrine is pressed, disruptions will ensue. It is reported that Archbishop Muuning will bc tho successor ol' l'io Nono us l'ope. The Spnnish Ministry havo resigned, in consequence of tho refusal of tho Italian Government to allow thc Duke nf Genna to accept tho crown of Spain. Mr. John Bright, in a speech nt Birmingham, said that tho diillculty of tho Irish lund question increased with examination, but ho hoped for a satis- factory solution. Tho difference between tito Sublimo Porto nnd tho Viceroy is tinnily settled ¡ tho Viceroy has surrendered all the iron clads and breach-loading artillery. A steamer, drnwing 17 feet, passed succcsBfuly .through tho Suez Canal. Sir W. Mansfield remains an extra year as Com mandor-ln Chief in India. Ills successor ls expected to bu Sir Hope Grant. Lord Napier will probnbly HU an important post In the India Ofilcc in London. Tho entire capital is subscribed far tho Australian Submarine Telegraph Company, to connect Signnporo .willi Port Darwin. The lino is to bo completed and .rondy far work in 1871. Mr. Rosa urges tho speedy completion of télégraphie communication willi Australia, as calculated to increase immigration by annihilating the prejudico against distance. A movement hns been initiated to amalgamate tho Metropolitan Emigration Societies, and Government old is still invoked. Mr. Tiillormnii luid nn interview with tho Emperor Napoleon respecting the extension nf cheap Austra- lian meat dinners to France * A Christmas-box of £1000 was presented to Mr. Hiller, of tho Jerusalem Cnllee-houso. An Emigrant-Colonists' Aid CJo-npcrntivo Society is 'Onnounocd with a capital of £'¿¿¡0,01)0. .Moro warehouses for storing wool nt reduced .charges will bo opened at Milwall Dooks in February. Admiral Porter has »ffrouted the Governor of St. 'Holcnn. The otilen of Master of tho Mint hns been nhollshcd. Judgment WM Rivoli against tho Hov. Mr. MaekoiuicMa for 'Jtiiooltug huforo llio couscuruled elemuiits. He was condomnod .In costs. Tho Hov. Mr. Voj-so s appeal comes on for hearing In Fob mary. l'rotcstor Oaingoo asserts that ne has salved the dlmrralty ol meat preserving, nud samplo cases linvo hoou forwarded to Kngland. Tlie wool sales commenced on tho 10th February ; stocks A lunn named neargo Dyer surrendered htniselt tn Justice, sind made a eolfaociisatlau of having murdered a man named tleorgo Wlllsatt thirteen years ugo, nt tho gold diggings lu Victoria i ho has been remanded for further Immlry. Stops are threatened lo restrain the Directors of the European Assurauco Company from paying annuities Ul agoiils ami ollliilnls, who effected tho ruinous iiiiiiilgniuiilluiis willoh now form portions of tho company's business. Tho (TCcnmcnlcal Connell opened on the 8th January, amidst gloom, rain, boom lug of cannon, and peeling of tho bells of 300 churches. «SOO ecclesiastics wera present anti thousands of spectators. The order of service wa» muai, tho inaugural dis- course by the Archbishop of Iconiutn, the Papal benediction! 'the homage of members of tho Council to the Pope, and to the Holy Ghost, and a To Bourn for subsequent sittings wero with closed doors. Already there are reports of dissension and intrigues amongst the Fathers, and a strong opposition of French, German, and American bishops to the dogma of infalli- bility, but subtle measures are taken by the Popa and his Jesuit , advisers to stifle discussion by remitting obnoxious subjects to safe committees. The Bull communicated at tho second meeting has occasioned surprise nnd Indignation. If tho infalli i bil I ty project is inslstod on a groat disruption Is probable. The I Council is expected to sit for six mon tim.-The French ambas- sador has warned tho Pone of the nrobablu conseaucnues of his highhanded proceedings. -Ono Cardinal la doad. I 