The Storyteller. ATHOLBANE. A ROMANCE OF KENMORE CASTLE. BY S. COBB, ESQ. CHAPTER VI. A SECRET. FOR the first two or three days there seemed to exist a sort of mutual distrust between Thor- wald and the Knight of Lanark. True, the lat- ter had not formed a very exalted opinion of his host's step-son, nor would he, under ordinary circumstances, have sought the friendship of such a man; but, situated as he was, a guest at Kenmore, he felt it his duty, so long as he ac- cepted its hospitalities, to treat its inmates with respect. But the exhibit of distrust had not commenced with Aldred. From the very first Thorwald had looked upon his father's guest with no very favorable expression; and during the day following the discovery in the prisoner's cell he had been unable to conceal symptoms that might be taken, without much stretch of imagination, for signs of enmity. But in time Thorwald's face grew less dark; the cloud disappeared from his brow; and he became cheerful and gay. This gave Aldred an opportunity to be cheerful in turn, but it did not lead him to change the opinion he had first formed of the son of Eric. One of the first subjects broached by Thor- wald, after he had come to terms of freedom and intimacy with the guest, was of the myste- rious habitants of the Ghost's Tower; and it was very easy to be seen, from the manner in which he spoke, that he was possessed of a superstitious dread of those ghostly visitants. Aldred told him what he had seen; but he did not enter into particulars. He simply assured his interlocutor that he had seen things for which he could account in no possible way without ad- mitting the presence of immaterial spirits in the chambers of the old tower. "And are you not afraid tosldeep there?** asked Thorwald. "Why should I fear ?" replied our hero, with a smile. "The spirits, if spirits they be, show no disposition to trouble me; and so long as they content themselves with coming and going, like the moon beams and the sighing winds, I am not horrified. It may be that these poor spirits seek rest; and I hope that I may be the means of helping them. At all events, I will gain their secret, if they have one to communi- cate, and I can possibly receive it." Thorwald bowed his head, and walked silently away. He was troubled in mind, and cared not to show it. One afternoon, as the earl and Aldred were conversing in the hall, Edwin joined them and shortly asked his father if the picture gallery was open. "No, my boy," was the reply. "Then why cannot you open it? I want good Aldred to see the pictures. He has never been in there yet." "Perhaps he would not care to go in." "I would not care," said our hero, "to tax you beyond your inclinations; but, if there are no objections, I should certainly like to see the pictures." The earl smiled, as though with an effort, aad as he led the way towards the stair-case he said: "I have not kept you from the gallery, Sir Aldred, because I had any objections to your going there; but simply beceuse I have not been in the mood for visiting it myself. It is a foolish whim on my part that has kept me out, and perhaps the sooner I overcome it the better. If you will wait here a moment I will get the key." When he returned he added: "You will not behold a very extensive array of pictures; and most of them are but homely things at best. Some of them were painted for my father; some I have had painted; a few were presents from Malcolm Canmore; and a few have been given me by our present king." As they approached the door of the gallery Thorwald came out from his chamber and joined them; and when he learned where they were going he proposed to bear them company. The gallery was a long, narrow apartment, lighted from the roof by means of sashes, in the small, lozenge-shaped interstices of which were set thin lamina of mica. There were a few landscapes, among which was a fine view of the castle; a view of the Priory; and a view of Ben Lawers. "This is a portrait of my father," said the earl, pointing up at the picture of a stout, good- looking man, clad in a hunting costume, with a dead stag at his side. But Aldred did not hear what he said. He had observed another picture, and was gazing upon it with breathless eagerness. It was the portrait of a woman, young and beautiful, with golden hair and heavenly blue eyes, and with a form of perfect symmetry and grace. "What is this?" he asked in a whisper, as the earl approached him. "Why do you ask?" returned Atholbane, himself visibly affected. ' "It is the woman of the Blue Chamber!" answered Aldred, without removing his gaze from the picture. "It is her very face—the same—yes, the same sweet mouth—the same celestial beauty. My lord—" The knight stopped in his speech, for the earl had turned pale as death, aad was trembling fearfully. "Ah, good Aldred !" cried Edwin, who had, until now, been engaged in viewing the land- scapes, "are you looking at that pioture? Is it not beautiful? Oh! how I wish I could have seen her before she died! I know I should have loved her. That is my dead mother." "Your mother, Edwin?" "I call her my mother because she was the wife of my father before I was born. She is not my mother—she cannot be—because she died long before I had life; but I call her mo- ther just the same as Thorwald calls my father his father. He has a dead father, and I love to think that the spirit of the sweet lady looks down from heaven and smiles upon me, beeause I am the child of her husband. I know I have my own mother living, and I love her; but Lady Maud—" "Hush, my boy!" "Lady Maud!" repeated Aldred, with a start. "My dead wife!" said the earl. And he covered his face with his hands and turned away. Not another word was spoken until they had left the gallery, and when they reached the hall, Thorwald retired to his own chamber with an expression upon his dark features which could not well be analysed. In the court, when Edwin had been left behind, the earl placed his hand upon Aldred's arm. "Aldred, you do not think you can have been mistaken?" "In what, my lord?" "In the face of that presence you have seen in the Blue Chamber." "I am not mistaken," replied our hero, slowly and solemnly. "I never saw but one such face, and the picture in your gallery is its counterpart." "Oh, my brother, this is dreadful!" groaned Atholbane, again covering his face with his hands. "I am satisfied that it is the spirit of my Maud that haunts that tower. But why should it be? She was good and pure—as pure as the very angels that keep watch around the throne of Heaven! Why should she suffer this unrest? Aldred, what can it mean? "Indeed, my lord, it is beyond my compre- hension. Perhaps she will, at sometime, answer me." "Oh, if she would but appear to me! She never did but once, and then her face was turned away, and I thought she sobbed and moaned. My God! can it possible that my second marriage—" "Hush, my lord! you do but worry yourself needlessly. It could not have been that. Surely you did only your duty when you married the Lady Margaret. Kenmore should not be without an heir." "And yet the spirit never came until after Lady Margaret took possession of the Blue Chamber. Aldred, I would give all I am worth to know why this is so!" "Wait, my lord; we may solve the mystery in time. I have now a clue which I have not possessed before, and if I can gain an answer from the mystic presence, I will do so." With this they separated, and shortly after- wards Aldred went down to the shore of the lake with Edwin. It was almost dark when they returned, and just outside the gate they met a man riding away on horseback. "That is not one of our people," said the lad. "Do you know him, Aldred?" "I did not recognise the features," re- turned the knight, "but I should judge, from the garb, that he was one of the followers of Earl Douglas." "Very likely," said Edwin. "Earl Douglas is coming here." "Coming here!" repeated Aldred, with a start. "Certainly; did you not expect him at the tournamen?" "Yes," answered the knight, vacantly. "And," pursued the lad, seeming not to have noticed the peculiarity of his companion's manner, "where else should he find shelter? You forget that my mother is his sister." "I remember it very well." "And I suppose Clara will come, too. You know Clara?" "Yes." "She is my cousin, and she is just my age. Only think of it—we were born in the same month; but Clara is a lady now, while I am but a boy. If I had not been weak and sick I should have been a strong man. Were you not strong when you were twenty years old?" "Twenty!" uttered Aldred, gazing down upon the frail form at his side. "Is it pos- sible? But—I remember—yes—you are twenty." "But you have not answered my question, sir knight." "Excuse me, Edwin. I am only five- and twenty now. When I was of your age, I was able to bear the heaviest armor and wield the axe which I now bear." "You were never sick, Aldred?" "Never, in body." "Oh, I wish I had been well. If I had been well and strong as you have been, I might have looked forward to the coming of my bride with joyful expectation." "Your bride!" repeated Aldred, in a startled whisper. "I call her my bride," pursued the lad, in an easy, confidential manner, watching the grass at his feet as he spoke, and thus failing to see how strangely his companion was moved. "I call her so, though we are not yet married. Didn't you ever hear of our betrothment?" "I have heard something of it." Edwin looked up, fancying that the knight's voice was tremulous, but the gathering gloom prevented him from seeing the troubled expres- sion, and he presently went on: "We were betrothed when we were mere children. I don't think we were old enough to know anything about it at the time. My mother was very anxious, and I think my father liked the idea. If I had been strong and well, and Clara Douglas were to become my wife, considering that I am an only child, and that she is an only child, I might live to become lord both of Kenmore and Douglas. But—I don't know—I fear me I should make but a sorry husband. I am more like a child than like a man. Do you think the lady would love me? You know her. Is she kind and gentle?" "As kind as Mercy's sweetest angel—as gentle as the zephyr that fans the brow of even- ing when the stars can see their faces clearly in the bosom of the lake!" Edwin raised his hand to his companion's arm, and looked up again. "Aldred," he said, "your voice sounded strangely low and sweet when you spoke those words. Have you ever loved Clara Douglas?" There was no touch of jealousy in the ques- tion—only the simple curiosity of a child—but the effect was startling upon the Knight of Lanark. He shook the boy's hand from his arm and started back, but with a mighty effort' he calmed himself, hiding his emotion behind the intervening gloom, and when he answered, his voice was steady, though not natural. "As a true knight may love that which is far above him, I may have loved Earl Douglas' daughter. But come, the darkness is gather- ing, and your father may be anxious, and further, the porter may be closing the gates." They were upon the bridge as the words were spoken, and just within the court they met the earl. "Sir Aldred," said the host, as they walked together, "a courier has been here from Scone since you have been away, and he brings word that Earl Douglas will arrive to-morrow. The workmen have finished, and the apartments are ready." The ordeal through which our hero had just passed had given him a degree of self-control sufficient to enable him to meet the remarks of his host upon the same subject without flinch- ing, though stern effort was necessary to that end. "My brother," pursued Atholbane, in a tone which showed that he spoke unwillingly, "you and I are bound to each other by a strong com- pact, and while I exercise a brother's privilege of speaking plainly, let me trust that you will repose in me a brother's confidence. Earl Douglas is coming here—he and his daughter— —and they may remain some weeks. I know that you have recently come from Lanark, and that I may know how to govern myself, I ask you, plainly, is there any ill feeling between you and Douglas?" "On the contrary, my lord, there is the best of feeling; that is, so far as friendship and faith can go between man and man." "I am glad to hear that," cried the earl, joy- fully. "I had feared that it might be other- wise. Earl Douglas has reared you as a son?" "He has been very kind to me." "And yet, if I have been rightly informed, you are in no way related to him." "Not in the least, my lord. I thought you knew the story of my life." "I heard it, I think, some years ago; but I thought little of it at the time. I saw you, as a child, at Lanark, and you were so bright, and buoyant, and happy, that I cared not whose offspring you were. You were to me as one of God's own beautiful creations, and I remember that you took to me, even then. Since yon have reached the age of manhood your deeds of valor have marked you out for a true and gallant knight, and your parentage became to me, more than ever, a matter of little conse- quence." "My lord," said Aldred, struggling against an emotion that came nigh betraying him, "my father is still living; and you must remember him welL He is Walthorf, the old forester of Lanark. He was forester in the service of the old earl before the present Douglas was born. As the lord of Lanark had no son of his own he took a strong liking for me, and suffered me to make the inner apartments of his castle my home; and if I had been his own son he could not have taken more pains with my education." "Then," cried Atholbane, cheeringly, "who can hold his head above you? In all that makes the immortal man, you rank with the best in Scotland." "Hush!" groaned Aldred, putting out his hand imploringly. He could sustain himself no longer. "I rank with nothing!" he added, seeking no more to hide his emotions. "I am like a poor hare that has been borne aloft by an eagle. The wings that have raised me are not mine by birth, and when they fail me I must fall. I know that what God has made of me—the man of me that is immortal—ranks with the best; but kings and nobles, in dealiag out their favors, take small account of what a man may have in his head and heart." "Aldred, has Douglas—has the king—" "My lord, I pray you cease. No more of this, if you love me. On the morrow I will be calm and composed." And thus speaking, the youth turned away. Atholbane watched him until his receding form was lost in the gloom, and when left en- tirely to his own thoughts, a glimmer of the truth broke upon him. "Poor Aldred!" he murmered to himself, as he started slowly toward the inner court. "I had not thought of this. But how is it with Clara Douglas?" He stopped, and pressed his hand upon his brow in the old, painful manner—a manner that had become habitual with him of late—and thus he stood for some moments. At length he started on again, his hands clasped, and his lips giving words to his thoughts: "I see trouble in this. O, poor human heart! No armor fashioned by the hand of man can shield thee from the pangs and sor- rows of painful circumstance!" CHAPTER VIII. CLARA DOUGLAS THERE was great stir and bustle at Kenmore Castle when Earl Doughs arrived. He came just after noon, and a score of stout men-at- arms bore him company. Atholbane and Lady Margaret and Thorwald were at the gate of the keep ready to welcome the earl and his daughter, and surely no welcome could have been warmer. While the host took Douglas by the hand to conduct him into the hall, Thor- wald moved forward as though he would per- form the same office for Lady Clara; but his mother put him gently aside, whispering a few words into his ear as she did so, and herself conducted in the maiden. Earl Douglas was a fine looking man, in the prime and vigor of life; and the smoothness of his open brow and the clear light of his dark blue eyes betokened that he had as yet seen but little of sorrow. His wife was an invalid, scarcely ever going beyond the walls of Lanark, but she was resigned and happy, suffering but little pain; and her husband, in the goodness of his heart, found much real comfort of soul in caring tenderly for her. He was a kind man, and a brave, true knight; but he was proud of his position, firmly believing in the nobflity of birth, and in the divine right of kings. Clara Douglas, the only living child of the earl, was twenty years of age, of medium height, and of exquisite proportions; her movements all grace, and her bearing gentle and kind. Her face was not only the seat of one of the purest types of beauty that is vouch- safed to woman, but it was also the mirror of an inner being all lovely and harmonious. And yet she was not without those signs of spirit and zeal that give fire to the eyes, and lend a changeful radiance to the cheeks. She possessed enough of her father's proud spirit to make her brave and true, and keenly sensitive; while enough of her mother's meekness had entered into the composition of her character to give her a sympathising depth of feeling, and to render her peculiarly sweet and loveable. As the company entered the large drawing- room Thorwald contrived to obtain a seat near to Clara, and a close observer might have seen that he gazed upon her with an earnest, greedy eye. Her beauty was indeed dazzling, and he was not the first knight who had dwelt in rap- ture upon it; but his gaze was not entirely one of admiration. He knew that the lady was affianced to his half-brother, and that he had no right to love her. He gazed upon her as the brigand, from his ambush, might gaze upon the unsuspecting traveller. He gazed as the coiled serpent might have gazed upon the bird of beautiful plumage. He spoke to her, and his voice was unnatural —breathless-like and hushed—as though there was some part of himself which he wished to hide, and which his voice might reveal; but by and bye he spoke more freely, and finally ven- tured to smile. Clara treated him politely; but she had not failed to notice those signs which he could not conceal, and she hesitated not to decide in her own mind that he was a dangerous man. Had she lacked courage, she might have shrunk from him with fear, and exposed the emotions that stirred her soul; but she had confidence in her own strength; confidence in the sheltering roof of Kenmore; and mayhap she fancied that Thorwald's vows of knighthood might have some healthful restraining influence upon him. "I have not seen Edwin yet," said Douglas, as the conversation lagged. "The youth is shy," returned Atholbane, with a smile. "I will go and find him." The host arose and left the room, and when he returned his son bore him company. Doug- las could not repress the feeling of disappoint- ment that was manifest in the shadow that flitted across his face as he beheld the pale, thin features and the slender frame of the youth to whom his daughter was affianced. He had hoped to see him looking stouter and stronger; but he had too much good breeding to make further manifestation of his disappointment, and he greeted the lad with cheerful good wilL Edwin had not feared to meet Earl Douglas —he feared to meet no man, for his heart was in the right plaoe, and in his bosom there was no guile; but he had dreaded to meet Clara, and when he saw her now, radient in her healthful beauty, he would have shrunk away abashed, had she not taken his hand with a sweet, sisterly smile, and spoken to him kindly and lovingly. By and bye Lady Margaret took Clara away to dress for dinner, and the two earls, arm in arm, went out into the court. "My brother," said he of Kenmore, when they were where their voices could reach no other ears, "you hare seen my son, and you have seen that he has not improved much in health and strength, but still I have hopes." "I noticed it," returned Douglas. "And I saw that you were disappointed," pursued Atholbane. "Yes, I was disappointed, but I meant not to show it." After a pause, during which the earl ascended to the parapet, Atholbane said: "Listen to me, Douglas: I would not have our old compact become an uncomfortable bur- den upon you. My son is frail and weak, and he may never be strong and well. Yet he is a good boy, true-hearted, just and honorable, and as frank and generous as man can be. I love him, and I know that you would love him; but while you loved him you might also pity him, and surely the husband of your daughter should not be such as to call for pity." "Go on," said Douglas, as his companion came to a stop. "You know what I would say," Atholbane continued. "If you would find another hus- band for your daughter, I am willing that the compact should be annulled." "Do you wish it annulled?" asked Douglas. "No," replied the host; it is no wish of mine. I am simply anxious—" "That I should be called to bear no un- pleasant burden from the fulfilment of our com- pact," finished the guest. "But you need have no such fear. So far as I am concerned, I hold to the original agreement. It was to unite the interests of Kenmore and Lanark. I do not believe that Edwin will ever grow to be a war- rior, but by care and foresight he may enjoy many years of life, and become the father of healthy children. Let me hear no more of that, my brother, unless you have desires of your own independent of considerations touch- ing me, to set aside our old plan of union." "In truth, Douglas, I have no such desire." "Then we must care for Edwin's health, and lay our plans for the final consummation. As far as they are concerned, I am sure they will be happy in the union. I watched them when they met this afternoon. The youth was shy and backward—a sure sign of admiration and eager hope—while Clara seemed really moved by the spirit of love and devotion. So we will consider that point settled, and when we allude to it further it shall be for the purpose of making arrangements for the nuptials. And, moreover, I think those nuptials had better not be long delayed. What think you?" Atholbane expressed the same opinion. The parties were old enough to marry, and perhaps it would be better that it should be done before the summer was gone. Upon the bastion directly beneath the western tower they stopped, and after Douglas had viewed the landscape awhile, he asked his com- panion if Sir Aldred was at the castle. "He is my guest," replied Atholbane. "and I wonder that he has not yet presented himself. I love him. I think he is true and honorable." "He is more than that," added Douglas, warmly; "he is one of a thousand. And yet," he continued, lowering his voice and bending his eyes to the ground, "I sometimes think I did wrong in bringing him up from the humble sphere in which he was born. Certain aspira- tions may lead to legitimate results, but there may be aspirations that can never be answered." Another pause, and then, looking up, Earl Douglas proceeded: "I must be frank with you, Atholbane. Al- dred left me of his own accord, and yet I was glad when he told me he was going, for he did an honorable thing therein. He could not have remained safely beneath my roof any longer. His own peace of mind forbade it, and it may have been well for my daughter. I think you understand me." The Earl of Kenmore bowed a silent assent. "And," pursued Douglas, "you can readily understand that Aldred and Clara should not be needlessly thrown together while we remain here." Atholbane understood perfectly welL And there the matter was dropped for the present. When dinner was ready, Sir Aldred entered the hall where the guests were assembled, and Earl Douglas greeted him as he would have greeted a very dear friend. Then our hero turned to lady Clara end extended his hand. A close observer, who had been watching for slight tokens of feeling, might have detected in the quivering of the lips, in the drooping of the lids, and in the varying color of those two faces, that there were emotions within which were pur- posely, and by strong effort, held in control. And there were two persons gazing upon the scene who were looking for such betrayal. Lady Margaret had watched her niece from the first, and she knew well enough the meaning of those signs. And Thorwald had watched—had watched both Aldred and Clara—and a fierce glitter shone in his black eyes when he saw how much they were forced to conceal. Only a few brief moments of painful labor, and then both the knight and the lady appeared like their genial, social selves; and when dinner was done, and they had repaired to the drawing- room, Douglas fancied that there could be no danger. On the following day the whole party took to horse, and rode into the forest upon a hunting excursion. Edwin had a mountain pony, a small, ambling animal, that bore a rider almost as in a cradle, and he enjoyed himself very much as he rode by the side of his beautiful cousin. She was kind and loving, and did all she could to make him happy, and ere long he came to regard her as a blessed angel, upon whose sympathy he could lean with confidence, and in whose truth he might repose every trust of his soul. She exercised no sentimental reserve in his presence, kept back no thoughts that she would have spoken, but was all frankness and fervor, lead- ing him to look up to her for guidance, even in his joy. Earl Douglas watched the cousins, and fancied that the love which would make marriage happy had already dawned. And even so thought Atholbane. Thorwald gazed upon the scene, and his lowering brow showed that he was jealous of the attentions which his half-brother re- ceived, though it is doubtful if he shared the faith of the earls in the character of the maiden's sentiments. He had seen enough to convince him that Clara Douglas' heart was no longer hers to give, and he was inclined to the opinion that this seeming fondness for the pale boy was but a veil hung out to blind those who might have an interest in watching her. Lady Margaret, however, with a woman's in- stinct, came nearer to the truth. She saw no guile in Clara's treatment of her son—nothing but what was natural and proper—and yet she did not believe that in her smiles and kind words there was anything like the promptings of that wondrous love which the heart of a maiden gives to its chosen possessor and master. She had known the maiden from childhood— she knew how kind and gentle and loving she was—and in all this she saw but the love which a fond and sympathising sister might feel to- wards a patiently suffering brother. As for Aldred, there were no shadows of jealousy opon his face, nor gleams of distrust in his eyes. He, too, loved the pale youth, and he cared not how much Clara loved him; for he knew her heart well enough to know that she could give him only a brother's place. The path which the hunters pursued had led them round by the northern shore of the lake, to the bleak crags back of Ben Lawers; and as they approached a cliff, the top of which towered high above their heads, the old forester, who rode in advance, waved his hand, and called attention to something perched upon the topmost pinnacle of the perpendicular height. "It is a golden eagle!" cried Atholbane. "Aye—and the largest I ever saw," added Donald. "Such a bird, I should judge, might do much mischief," remarked Lady Clara. "You would hardly believe how savage and strong they are," said Edwin. "I saw just such a bird as that carry off a lamb not more than two months ago." "Aye, my young master," echoed the for- ester, "and I believe that is the very fellow." "Can you reach him with an arrow?" asked Douglas. "It is doubtful, my lord. It is a long dis- tance to the top of that cliff." "Never mind," cried Atholbane. "You can bend your bow, good Donald." "But only to master an arrow," responded the forester, as he selected a shaft from his quiver. The shot was made, but the arrow lacked many yards from reaching its mark. Atholbane then tried the bow himself. His arrow went higher then did the forester's, but it failed to reach the point aimed at. "The eagle does not stir," said Clara. "I thought they were shy and timid when in the presence of man." "Ah, my sweet lady," replied Donald, "that fellow has two reasons for not troubling him- self to get out of our way. In the first place, he probably fancies that his high perch places him entirely beyond the reach of harm at our hands; and, secondly, very likely his nest is in some one of those broad fissues below him, with his mate in it, and he is keeping watch while she cares for the fledglings." "Cannot an arrow be made to reach that point?" cried Earl Douglas, slipping down from his saddle. "By my faith! I think I have seen the long bows of Lanark do as much as that. Donald, give me the bow." "It is a long shot, my lord, and a hard one, for the arrow has its whole weight to bear the entire distance." "Is your bow a good one?" "There is not a better in Scotland." Douglas selected an arrow and sat it in its place, and then advancing a few steps, he drew it to its head, and let it fly. The shot had been an excellent one, for the arrow had reached the top of the cliff, and fallen so near where the eagle stood as to cause him to move; but its force had been so far spent that it would have been harmless had it hit him. Upon this, Thorwald took the bow, and tried in turn. His arrow went as high as the earl's had done, and perhaps higher, but it went wide of the mark. With an exclamation of impa- tience, he took another arrow, and made a second attempt. This time he drew the shaft full to the head, but the effort required to do it destroyed his aim, and the shot was worse than the other. "Come, Aldred," said Atholbane; "Donald has more arrows. You mast take your turn." "And you shall see a noble shot, too," cried Douglas. "I have seen the lad handle the long-bow." The Knight of Lanark got down from his saddle and took the bow. He had seen where the others had failed, and he knew, if the shot could be made, just what was necessary to do it. He selected an arrow a full span longer than any that had been yet tried, and with a light step he took his place a little further from the face of the cliff than that which his companions had selected. The majestic bird, meanwhile, seemed deeply interested in the movements which were going on below him, as was evident from the manner in which he kept his dizzy perch, and gazed down upon the interlopers. With steady, confident strength, Aldred drew the feathered shaft against the bow-string, rais- ing it gradually as he did so, and when the line of the mark was reached the head of the arrow touched the bow, straining the tough wood as it had never been strained before, if the fores- ter was to be believed. With a sharp, ringing twang, the nicely-balanced missile was shot up- ward, cleaving the air like a flash—up, up—for a single instant distinguishable as its feather drew a thread-like line of white against the dark face of the cliff, and then lost to sight. In another moment a wild, piercing cry broke the distant air, and the eagle leaped far out from his perch and made an effort to spread his wings; but with his broad arms not half opened, he circled out and in, but downward all the time, and at length fell to the ground not a dozen yards from where the party stood, with the barbed head of the arrow buried deep in his bosom. "The hand that sent that arrow was trained at Lanark," cried Douglas, good-naturedly, yet proudly. "By my faith! 'twas a noble shot!" "Aye—a noble shot!" responded Atholbane, with a return of good nature; " and the hand that drew the bow-string is a dweller at Ken- more." Thorwald, when he saw the Knight of Lan- ark about to draw the bow, looked at Clara Douglas, and he saw that she was breathlessly anxious. And when he saw that the mark had been surely hit, he looked again, and now he found the beautiful face suddenly radiant with joy. The success of the arrow had been as nothing compared to this. He might have felt a rankling envy of the youthful knight who had so palpably beaten him in archery, but it was a fire of malignant hatred that flashed from his eyes when he saw where the maiden's sympathy lay. And why was this? What had Thorwald to do with the affairs of Clara Douglas? She was affianced to his half-brother. Did he regard Edwin as too weak to maintain his own right, and so constitute himself a champion to pro- tect the honor of the heir of Kenmore? We shall see. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 