Ooming Events. BY PEGASUS. THE Kat of entries for coming events, given in the Town and Country Journal last week, shows that there are some very interesting races to be decided at thc Autumn meetings, with Tatters&lPs; Cup to start with on New Tear's Day. I must say I don't realize the certainty for Stumpy in this last-mentioned raoe, seeing that I thought his Homebush win was very much attributable to the difference in riding,-the one horse being made the most of, and the other, as I thought, not. Besides, it seems to me that 8st 51b is quite the outside of what Mr. De Mestre's short-tailed 'un can negotiate ; in fact, 1 expect to seo it prove too muoh for him this time ; and, after all the big talk about the handicapping, it certainly was in no way justified by the way Stumpy won from The Pearl in the Duko's Stakes. Now, the "taking" portion of the public have got on to the Home bush winner for Tattersalls ; but as I already said last week, it appears to me that since the weights went up he's anything but well in. And now the stable's in luck a bit, has Havelock any chance? They say (i.e., people who know a thing or two), that he has ; and if the little Earl can give him 41b, and all the difference between 8st 121b and 6st 131b, tho hero of Lucknow can't be a racehorse. Then, you seo, I've never been in the way when ho's done a good thing, ns I hear he has several times, and this must account for my not taking I to him as readily as I otherwise might. Horses run in i all Borts of form ; and such hoing the case, I'll just leave I the Tattersall^ Cup for this week, with no addition to what I said last. I don't think I can so anv nearer picking the winner now than IJwent then. Of the two-year-old stakes to come off in tho Autumn, I little enough is to be said at present, any further than that they have fine fields of entries, and surely must give as great races as we have ever seen of the kind. I am always fond of two-year-olds that have had tho chance to be made steady and handy, and not frightened of crowds ; and that have been taught to gallop, either alone or in company, like old horses ; and that have been trot half fit, so to speak, in the Spring, and then been thrown off a bit, to spend "a merry Ohristmas and a happy now year." These are tho sort I go in for as a general rule to run well in the Autumn ; for though it may be said, "look at Lady Clifden, how little time she had and bow well she ran," I answer, that Mr. Baldwin's filly was a deal fitter than people thought hor at Homebush in tho Autumn ; and further, that although I advocate teach ing two-year-olds early, I don't say they want train ing and galloping to death ; but on tho other hand I j like to see them as big as possible. Being, therefore, fond of early teaching, I shall expect those two-year olds that have been best done by in this way to run best by-and-bye ; and, therefore, take Mr. Tait's pair, Titania and J.L., and Mr. Forrester's nomination, Blue Gown and Game Cook, as very dangerous whenever they come out. The former pair I haven't seen for some time ; but I know that months ago they were just as Mr. Tait's youngsters always are -quiet and handy ; and ns for the Maitland colts, Matt. Scott has given them a sohooling that must make them raoe if they have it in thom. They look well indeed now : and I don't forgot how Matt, brought out Moselle for her two-year-old engagement at Homebush. Tom Lamond has a couple of youngsters, Tho Prophet and Ambassador, that ought to be getting on well by this time, as I know he has been paying them consider able attention for some time past ; and these aro the only ones I know anything of ; but I don't think any of Mr. Baldwin's two-year-olds have been taken up yet. For the Leger we havo the three-year-old running of tho Spring to guide us, as well as tho last season's per formances of two-year-olds ; and combining both of these, tlie conclusion must bo arrived at that Florence has it all her own way on paper ; for there, are very few good performers left to try conclusions. Somehow it has happened strangely enough that this season several of our best thrce-yoar-olds wero not in tho best races ; and so it comes to pass that the Leger is with out Amethyst, Illumination, Romula, Pyrrhus, and Endeavour ; a very awkward quintette to have to spare ouj; of ono season's foals, when racehorses aro wanted, and more especially when suoh a flyer as Florence has to bo tackled. I think that, barring the "crack," tho strongest "threes" are out of the great Autumn fray ; and as it's useless to bewail their absence, now it can't bo helped, the only thing is to try and discover which of her competitors aro most likely to run second and third to Florence, if her winning is such a certainty. There are ever so many still left in that can't have a ghost of a chance, evon if they como to tho post, whioh most of thom won't. Of those that aro "out of it," from some reason or other, may bo named, Morning Star, Miracles, The Blue Bonnet colt, Governess filly, Parasite, Little Prince, Valeria, Gipsy, Argyle, Fitzavon, Eli, and Tho Count, to which dozen I should be very much tempted to add on my own account, Recruit, Zelica, Carwoola, the two Mel bourne fillies, and Teddington, making eighteen gone, out of twenty-six ; and I think it quite possible, if I had ever seen them, that I should add The Baron, Lady Stamford, and All Fours, to the hopeless divi sion. This would leave me with five candidates to the good : and it seems these are all in any way worthy of trust-tho two crack fillies, Florence and Lady Clif den, with another filly of promise, Maizena, the daughter of New Warrior and Zenobia, and Challenger and Vauban. Of course I don't need to give a reason for picking Florence or Lady Clifden ; but the others perhaps require some explanation. I may say that ever since tho first appearance of Challenger at Home bush, as a two-year-old, I picked him as one of tho most improving sort of youngsters ; and ho has so far justified my belief ; besides whioh, I reckon, from his race for the Produce Stakes, that the mile and three quarters is a distance likely to suit him better than any he has run yet. Vauban is a better colt than we have seen him run, or I'm greatly out in my reckoning ; and had he not fallen, ho would certainly havo .won the Grand Stand Plato that Mr. Uhde's colt pulled off on tho last day of Randwick ; and as for Mahsena, she has never been half fit, and so may como out a good thing for the red riband; though from all I heard when I was at Maitland she's not being done anything with yet. I'd just like to hear that Mr. Yeomans has given her to Johnny Arkins, er some other good man ; for depond on't if he does, he's got a great show for the Leger. I can't have any but the five I've mentioned, if any one of them comes fit to the post. 