THE BDKOUGH ELECTION. ( To the Editor of the Riverine Herald) Sir,—lteoently, ia reference to a meeting at the Commeroial Hotel, yon stated that it was well attended by the '■ representative men" of Eohuoa, and it is a matter for consideration whether the eandidates for seats at the Council table - are entitled to be so desoribjd. First, with respect to Mr tshackell, who, being a J.P , is entitled to priority, there oan be no dou^t bat that he ia a representative man. If a leader is wanted in any movement, one of the first men asked for his countenanre and support iB Mr Shaokell. Deny it who will, Mr Shaokell's name has an inflaenoe and oarries a weight whioh materially enhance the chanoes of sucoess of any movement he is connected with. It was a bold proceeding for Mr Shnckell to stand for the Rodney Distriot, bat Knglishmen admire pluck all the world over, and as Mr Shaokell then represented the opinions of; a very large number, the writer is thoroughly prepared for his standing again, and b- ing I triumphantly elected. As a politician, Mr Mao gregor has become incomprehensible. Next we have Mr Mitohell, whose olaim as one cf the founders of EoIiuoh, and the owner of consider able property, oombined with his publio spirit and general sagaoity, entitles him to be reokoned a representative man. No one will gainsay that Mr Mitohell is peculiarly a smart man, and without smart men we cannot go ahead. Ab an old councillor, Mr John Weaver is next in tarn. WhBn any one asks to bo re-elected he is called upon to show upon wbat grounds. Re-election is a reward for extraordinary merit. As a oounoil lor and oommittee-man Mr Weaver is no doubt better known to his fellow councillors than to the publio; hut aa a'representative man Mr Weaver's olaim is not fully made eut. He unquestionably represents hts fellow-tradesmen and the eight hours movemont, whilst his conscientious atten tion to public business is universally reoognized. The ti:rao remaining geutlemen are storekeepers. A year ngo Mr Luth's iaterest in Eohuoa was lar^e j it is n.iw a gorrl deal larger, and although at one tiim he felt and stated he had been "euuked in" in bi3 connection with lichuoa, he has now evidently resolved to stick to it. Mr Lui.h has a thoroughly honest J act Blunt way of speaking his mind, so that one_ generally knows what he intends and means within the minnte The other two parties, Messrs Mayne and 8oott* will never be representative men. Neither i§ fitted to act as a leader in any oommiinity, Reputable grocers and good private oitizens at# not necessarily entitled to town oounoil honors. Many people in Eohuca do not even know Mi Soott;—until the other day the writer identified that gentleman with a short, fat, florid man, who is somebody else. Thtdtoe. Echuoa, 2nd August, 1870. (To the Editor of the Riverine Herald,J Sir,—Notwithstanding the combination entered into by Messrs Lutl); Mitohell, and Scott, no one believes that the last-named gentleman hta a ghost of a chanoe againBt' Mr Shaokell in the forthoomirrg ratinioipal eleotion. Both Mr Lnthi and Mr Mitohell will be returned, and Mr Shackell will ran the latter hard for first phtoe. My tip therefore is either 8haokell, Mitohell, an'd Luthy or Mitohell, Shaokell, and Lutb. As for the other candidates, with the exception of Mr Scott, I only hope they may not have to pay for fbit. With regard tcr tli9 successful ones, you will find, in spite of all combinations^ stratagems, and predictions to tne contrary » i nave given you The Cobbbct Cabd*. {To the Editor of the Riverine Herald.) Sir,—My name being enclosed, whioh is welt known to you, will let yon know that I am only a Working man in this borough, though I am not ao poor but what I have got a vote ; and I hoper you will allow me the space to Bay a few words, whioh is to direct the attention of my fellotf laborers to the way it Will be beEt for their interests to aot iu this eleotion. Ani let them! give all the support that ever they oan to thtf men that will uphold the eight hours' system. For you oan all of yon see whioh are the candi dates that will stick to the working men, and wt> are bound to stand up for Andrew Uayne, who" has oome forward nobly in this oauBe. Fellow laborers, if we stiok together we oan return the' man that is our friend in the faoa of all the oppo sition that oan be brought against him. I say,' vote for Mayne whatever you do. Now, I would sign my own name, whioh it is not for fear of doing so, but 1 might lose work through it, whieh would fall heavy on my family. Consequently^ mind what you are doiog, and stiok to your owir interests, whioh the best way to do so is to Vote for Mayne. P.8.—Mr Editor, I do not know whether you1 are for Mr M&yne;, but I hope yoa will aot im partial and print this- letter in to-morrow's Hkrald. (To the Editor of the Siverine Herald.J Sir,—Fancy the three 'witches in Mtobath/ round about the oauldron going to- the ohannt of " When shall we three meet again." ThiB wilt be the refrain of the ditty which three gentlemen will Bing in chorns in front of the Town Halt about 5 p.m. on Tuesday next. 1 ihonld like to* have bills of the play printed and posted two or three days previously. Bat perhaps you will have no o^jeotion to get the following inserted in yoar issue of to-morrow : —" Incantation soene. 1st witofc— Mr Mitchell; 2nd do., Mr Luth ; 3rd do, Mr Soott." That will prepare the publio for the performance. Yon may add that the gentlemen who have kindly undertaken to personate the witches, will divest themselves of their stage oostumes at the Hall door, and will depart inf propria persona, of oourse sadder and it is to be hotied wiser men. When they do meet again for electioneering dodgery we may expect to see some strange things. Depend upon it playing at witches will make it a caution to their weak nerves, or else I am no _ Eohaca, An?. 2. (To'the Editor of the'Riverine Herald.J Sir,—As a steady going sober-sided old file' that seldom goes out of the way to trouble myself about any business but my own, I orave a am ill spaoe in your columns for the purpose of impress ing on my fellow burgesses the neoesBity of look ing well before they leap id' thiii momentous' question of choosing goi>d me a and true to repre tent them in the Borough Counoil. I have been taking my observations in my own qniat, close' little way, and 1 have found oat a thing or two' which a good many may not be up to. I was rather surprised to hear a man' say the other day, " Oh, Weaver will never get re eleoted." I wanted to know why not. " He is too quiet, "* says the other. Some how or the other I thought I tmelled a rat. " It Btrikes me," I says to my self, " the old chap is too independent " However^ I spoke to another about the elections,, and Shackell's name oame up. " He wouldn't get in," says my friend. " Why not ?" says I. " HecauBO the Eight Hours' men won't have' him," says he. 41 All right,"1 says I. "I've heard a good many yarns about these elections'. Now they say Mayne won't get in because he isn't quiet, and because also he is an Eight Hours'' man." Therefore, thinks I, there is something oontradiotory about all this that wants explana tion. "What is it ? Well, I'll tell yon, burgeftsesv There is a oertain party that neither of these1 three men will suit. Of ootirse you know what that means. If you don't, I'll tell you. It is the Boss of the Council, and his followers. If you don't know who the Boss is, I will leav* you to find out, or else you ean ask Weaver—ha is an nprii^ht man and will answer truly, or else Haynt, or tlse Shaekell—either of the three, they are all blunt outspoken men, and ore not afraid. Theie are the unfortunates that all the oabal is against. On the principle of assisting those who ar« op pressed, 1 shall give them my support and get a* many votes for them as I can. With best w (ho* for their sucoess, I remain, jours truly, Pickwick* 