WAITING THE MAIL; or, the Stories we told at Hollybush Inn HOLLYBUSH INN-a regular English name, isn't it ? and suggestive of Eng- i lisli Christmases and Christmas customs ? Yes, hut the fact is, that beyond its name, there wasn't anything English in the appearance of the place, the scenery, or the weather. It was Christmas Eve, certainly ; and a bright joy engendering and love-provoking evening it was : just such a day as befitted the celebration pf this happy season, when the peace and good-will which seems to linger about the earth in greater abundance than usual is reflected from the hearts of the people, and the face of the weather. " Hollybush Inn" was on the Great Southern Road, where five minor . roads branched off from it, like the fingers of a man's hand, to five different places. One led to the tented field of the Gumgubra Diggings ; another to the wide strip of pastoral country known as Yaalba ; and the others to the small trading townships, from which the jjeople of digging or squatting pro- clivities procured their stores. Moreover, within five-and-thirty miles of Hollybush Inn, the snorting, fiery horse.of the iron rails, had made itself a stopping-place-so long since that the district had got quite used to it. The cattle that used to cock their tails and plunge away in mad fear when- ever- the grim stranger heralded his coming with a shriek, now cropped the herbage close by the railway-line ; 'and scarcely wondered even when the sparkling ashes fell like golden grain from the passing engine. A Mail Coach used to pass the Hollybush to meet the train, and that is how . and why we were gathered in the inn parlor on that bright Christmas afternoon. The hotel had a large influx of visitors that day, and most of them were bound for the same destination-Sydney. To reach that, we first required.to reach the railway station ; and to get there we were "waiting < for the mail " that was to be our conveyance. Hollybush Inn was the true type of our interior road-side hotels-long, .low, and rambling ; its ground plan covering as much space as two or three first- class city hotels, each containing treble its room. It had a tree in front (and even that wasn't a Hollybush, but a veritable, unmistakeable 'gum,') in which the sign of the house nestled itself like a bird among the leaves. There was a long trough in the front, at which all the stockmen's horses within a radius of fifty miles, "pulled up" to take their " nip " while their owners disposed of their's inside the house. Veran- dahs, low and wide, rah all round the building, and two or three forms were so placed that tired foot-travellers might be tempted to turn in from the road and rest themselves. In the front verandah, too, was usually seen a stock- man's saddle, hinting at a liberated beast enjoying himself in the clover paddock ; or some shaggy shepherd's dog watching his master's swag-for the hotel did a brisk trade among those who were tenders of sheep, and keepers of cattle. The interior was like that of most Australian bush hotels, with the excep- tion of the best room, in which, on the occasion I allude to, dinner was served. We were a mixed company assembled to partake of it, and as there was some little delay in the preparation, I had an opportunity of noting the peculiarities of the apartment and its occupants. With reference to the first, it was rough, but commodious. The Avindow opened on to a -patch of ground in which was a most brilliant display oi flowers, some of the greenery festooned the casement, and swung idly to and fro as birds alighted on its twigs and darted away in the sunlight on finding the room tenanted. Not far off-stood a row of hives, the tenants of which filled the air with a drowsy hum, as they glanced athwart the afternoon sun- light in the heyday of their busy labour. As to the manner in which the room was furnished, I am not an auctioneer or broker's valuator, and there- fore don't mean to give you a minute history of every article the place con- tained. There wns some old quaint furniture, which was evidently oj walnut and rose- wood ; and there was some, bright and buxom, of Australia! cedar, whose newness put its old compeers to shame, and from whose sticky faces the smell and clamminess of varnish had hardly departed. There were some pictures on the wall, not very good, but all very gorgeous-principally of the cheap style-in which patriarchs were depicted in resplendent clothing and departing sailors rejoiced in the. most brilliant pigments the artist'! colorman could supply. There was the usual small stock of a glassware anc ? crockery dealer displayed on the two »sideboards, and on the mantle-shelf, ai if of special importance, stood tAvo little dogs, of very ' ' freezy " aspect, Avitl Avhose pink noses, tAvo baskets of floAvers Avere incorporated. A clock, o jovial appearance, occupied the centre of the chimney-piece, haATing a fact painted on the dial in which the tAvo Avinding-holes represented eyes, Avhicl seemed to Avink Avith every pulsation of the pendulum. But the one artich which rivetted my attention every time my gaze Avandered round the room Avas an old leather helmet, hanging above the fire-place, and Avhich Avas deco rated Avith a Avreath of real, but withered holly. As for the rest of the room it Avas made beautiful Avith the most charming evergreens and floAverinj shrubs the bush could offer, and they are. by no means feAV. When dinner Avas served, Ave took our seats at the table Avith that delightf u freedom Avhich characterises an hotel dinner up the country, where everyone Avho has the means, and can behave himself, is Avelcome. Our host took the head of the table, in regular old English fashion, bu his Avife Avas here, there, and everyAvhere, superintending the supply o everything needful. The landlord of the " Hollybush" Avas of such - rudd; and jovial countenance, that he might fairly have represented Old Fathe Christmas himself. His florid features had been still further ripened by th suns of many Australian summers, and Avhile they shone in his face, Avinte regularly nestled in his hair-so snoAvy-Avhite and floAving Avere his locks His eyes had all the sparkle of icicles, Avithout an atom of their coldness and his laugh Avas as musical as a Avhole peal of Christmas bells. Altcgethe he was a man in whom one could scarcely fail to feel a kindly interest, am iii Avhose company you Avere cheered up as before a winter fire, and foun< yourself laughing insensibly. His AVÍÍe Avas chubby and cheerful, a delight \- ful partner for such a man-a woman Avho seemed to regard the surroundinj ten miles of country as her world, her home as its capital, and herhusbam as king of both. She paid particular attention to, and exercised a mother! supervision over, the Avants of a quiet-looking, golden-haired young girl Avho Avas on her Avay to spend a Christmas month in Sydney, and AVIIO Ava altogether about as bright and peaceful a little sunbeam as ever lost its wa; among city bricks and mortar. Ail'individual of excitable temperament, who contrived, during dinner, to upset" the wine, place the wrong sauce on the wrong dish, and commit the thousand and one blunders common to nervous men, sat at her elbow, while the landlord, in military parlance, occupied the left flank. I enjoyed the position of Iiis right-hand man, and on my right again, sat a bearded indivi- dual of Robinson Crusoe-like aspect, who was going down to Sydney' in the " iron railroad critter " for the first time. It seems he had a mother in town, who had been accustomed to the amenities of civilized life in an English village, and who had about as much idea of what the bush actually was, as .she had of Central Africa. When'her son Edward (" Long Ned" the station hands for miles round used to call him), went up the country, he located her in a little cottage, in one of Sydney's most charming suburbs, as much the counter-part of her old residence as could be procured. Once a year, at the blessed Christmas- time, when the heart, if it has an earthly home to fly to, seeks it as a bird does its nest, lie used to leave his bullocks, tea and damper, and the society of other men, " full of strange oaths," to breathe that purer atmosphere which lingers about the XDresence of a motlier, wherever she may be. He expressed to me his doubts about the train-as to the consequences if the engine "bucked"-but was behind time, and found that' the railway was the only resource by which his mother and he could meet on happy Christmast morning. These persons, whose portraits I have faintly outlined, together with my- self, composed our little company. The dinner Avas good, as those of all well- found Australian hotels are-tolerably Avell cooked, and-everything of good quality and plentiful, if not dished up in that peculiarly fashionable style which satisfies the eye Avithout appeasing the appetite. Wien the patter and clatter of plates, and the brisk.clash of steel, against steel had subsided, eveiy guest looked satisfied, and the host glanced into his glass of after-dinner port, Avhich on its part, shoAved the fac-simile of a pleased and satisfied face. " When does the AvheelbarroAv pass ?" asked the stockman, leaning back in his chair till the sunshine's bar of gold fell through the open window across his bronzed, but really handsome face.. " The c AvheelbarroAv,' as you style our commodious and punctual mail-cart, Avili be here exactly in tAvo hours and seven minutes," said the landlord, smiling, as he referred to the jolly-faced clock, Avhich winked cunn'mgly and clicked suddenly, as if it Avere going to reply in Avords. " TAVO hom*s and seven minutes will find Bill Whippersley putting his foot on tlie break, in front of the Hollybush if there are no bridges swept aAvay, and the harness holds good.''' . ? " Hollybush Inn ! A\rhat a remarkably uncolonial name for a public house," I remarked. "It is easy to guess where you come from, Mr. Dentle." " Wliy yes, sir," laughed the host. " T never yet held Avith a man being ashamed to hang out his colors, Avhatever his country may be. But I'll tell you what, miss and gentlemen, the reason I gave the house that sign Avas, that one of the most important incidents of my life, perhaps the most im- portant, Avith the exception of my OAAH birth, Avas connected Avith Christmas, and the holly time." "A story ! a Christmas Story, by all that's seasonable !" I exclaimed. The landlord smiled, and continued-" MoreoArer, I always associate so much that is good and kindly Avith the Christmas time, that I think a man is none' the worse for having some sign to keej> the season always in remembrance." " Well said," I remarked, determined not to lose my point. " HoAvmany of us have scenes and incidents in our OAvn individual histories (such as our host speaks of) stereotyped as it were upon the mind ! HOAV many of us ? Why, I daresay there is not one present Avho could not furnish some personal reminiscence from memory's drawer. In most houses there is a drawer in Avhich trifles that tell of the past are treasured. How often a withered flower, or a faded leaf, a. ribbon dim Avith age, a golden tress, that time can ' never dim, suggest those old thoughts Avhich Peep and peer from unexpected nooks Between the dusk and when the lamps are lighted, That lurk in memories of words and looks, And often come, though welcome, uninvited ! And Avhat is to prevent our relating them? Here Ave are ' Avaiting for the mail,' Avith nearly two good hours before us. NOAV, Avhat more pleasant mode of passing the time than each in turn telling some incident of personal adventui'e ?" My proposal Avas received'with satisfaction by all present, and with out Avard expressions of approval from two or three. "And that being agreed to, Avhat. more natural than that our Avorthy host (AVIIO has hinted at his OAvn Christmas recollections, ) should open tlie" ball?" " Hear hear," cried the company, laughing heartily, at the landlord's expense ; and he, his round, ruddy face, gloAving Avith mirth and surrounded by its Aviiite fringe of hair, like a huge straAvberry in a dish of cream, consented. " You Avili excuse me," I remarked, " but that helmet hanging over the fire- place, is such an unusual ornament for a gentleman's parlor, that I am convinced it has something to do Avith your stoiy.-Perhaps, some battle in your youthful days, in foreign climes ?" The landlord shook his head. " A battle, indeed," he said, " but not Avith a human foe. I call it a battle with FIRE ; or, ' HOW I WON MY WIFE.' " You must know, miss and gentlemen, that the helmet hanging above you has never been dinted by sword, or rifle-bullet ; yet it has passed through scenes as hot with danger and familiar with death as the fiercest battle-field on Avhieft man ever Avaged war. Five-and-thirty years ago, I Avas a fireman in one of the city of London Brigades, and that helmet was my head-piece throughout. My story really commences with the time I fell in love-and a more likely piece of goods to entice a man into such a condition, than Phiiebe Brentall, never existed. She was good, and she was pretty; had a sweet voice for singing, a neat figure, and a most love- able dispositon ; and as the natural result of so maDy charms, all the unmarried and marriageable young felloAVS, at all acquainted Avith her, Avere desperately in ; love with pretty Phoebe Brautall. Beyond being most provokingly agreeable to all, I don't think she favored anyone beside myself and Tom Crawford, but I must say, as I have said for the last five-and-thirty years, she plagued us both most unmercifully. Her father was a kindly, inoffensive old man, who had been em- ployed as clerk in one of those London- mercantile firms of ancient standing, wherein the business is handed down from father to son, until the rafters are black with age, and the cellar ceilings heavy with fungus. He did not receive a large salary, but his income was supplemented by Phoebe's brisk fingers, who employed them in the millinery trade ; and many of the West End ladies went to church with their heads so many show-cases of Phoebe's business skill. Ah ! the merry nature of that girl. Often when I called at her house, on my way to inspection at the Fire' Office, she would get hold of that identical helmet, and while her father engaged me in conversation, .she would stitch bows of ribbon, and odds and ends of blonde over my helmet, so that on one occasion, the inspector reprimanded me for coming with an artificial sun- flower on it. Her father was rather fond of anything connected with the country, although he had, in his later years, about as much experience of its . charms as a London sparrow might have. He built a kind of summer-house in his back yard, and had it all trained over with scarlet runners ; and sat in it of a summer's evening, smoking his pipe, and watching the stars struggling out through the evening fog, while Tom Crawford and I were frowning at each other like a couple of pirates, and bright little Phoebe was making matters worse by trying to be as kind as possible to both of us. On Christmas Eve it was always old Mr. Brentall's custom to invite several of his own and Phoebe's friends to a little party-a kind bf preface, as it were, to the great volume of fun to be opened on the morrow,-and Tom and I were among those invariably asked. It was on one of these occasions that the incident I refer to, occurred- Christ- mas Eve, more than thirty years ago. We had just finished tea, and were about . as merry as people are, whose happiness is not bound down by fashionable ties, and who are really disposed to enjoy themselves. I said we were as merry as folks could be, but I should have excepted myself and Tom Crawford, who were as miserable as a jealous pair of idiots deserved to be. Somehow, on that evening, Tom seemed to have it all his own way, and at last I took refuge in the back yard, and walked round the summer-houae like a white mouse in a tread-mill. I don't know how many times I encircled the building, when my strange per- formance was interrupted by a soft hand laid on my arm, and a sweet voice utter- ing one word-" Sam !" I stopped, of course, and on the instant found my anger under the influence of her voice and touch, melting away like an icicle under a sunbeam. " Sam ! what on earth are you doing walking about in the cold?" I broke out in a mixed multitude of words, and told more in the next ten minutes concerning my love my jealousy, and my anger than I had explained before throughout the whole course of my courtship. She seemed frightened at my violence, and hurt at my remarks, and begged me to let her go in, as she had to put the finishing touches to a dress bonnet for a lady at the West End, to whom, she was obliged to take it that night. ' ' And who is to escort yon-me, or Tom?-or both? as you distribute your favor so equally ?" I asked bitterly. Before she could reply, the clang of a fire-bell, at a neighbouring engine station, startled the air. I don't know how it is with other people, but with me, accus- tomed as I had been to its sound, the fire alarum bell had a tone more dismal than any other. The death-knell is perhaps more solemn, but that always speaks of a quiet, up-turned face, when the battle of life is over. When the fire-bell rings so discordantly, and out of time, pausing every now and again, as if its voice was checked by fright, I always picture to myself all the horrors of a ?great fight with that dreadful element, which is truly said to be such a good servant but so bad a master. Without a parting word to Phoebe, I was off to my lodgings, and within ten minutes was on one of the engines of our brigade, tearing along the street among the strollers who are always drawn out at Christmas-eve. We were soon at the scene of action, amid the roar of fire, the crash of falling beams, the crackle and splutter of the flames, and the hissing of the water as it fell among them. It was soon over. Some poor people, in the exuberance of their Christmas-eve enjoyment, had managed to set fire to the curtains, and as the buildings were old and con- structed chiefly of wood, the fire had it almost its own way. The following hour the jet from our engine was falling on the embers without the responsive hiss, and before eleven o'clock we were slowly returning to the station. We had hardly got the horses out before the alarm came again ; the frightful clamour of the bells, the hurrying of many feet, and the hoarse shouts of " Fire ! Fire ! " echoing along the now thinly peopled streets. Again, we were coursing along in the glare of the gas lamps, in grim array on our scarlet carriage-like a troop of old Roman helmeted warriors in their battle chariot, only that the foe we were about to meet was the most insidious that men can engage with. This time the direction lay towards the west. One street after another was passed, until the sky became as rosy as it looks at day break, and lastly, this was filled with wreath on wreath of sparks, and floating fire flakes. An old fashioned building, standing somewhat apart from its neighbors, built in the style of a couple of centuries ago, was in flames, and a pity it was that such a fine relic of olden time should be destroyed. The fire had originated in the lower part of the house, and it did not take long to satisfy us that the place was doomed. Nevertheless we did all we could, we damped the neighboring roofs, and some- times the strong jets of the engines dashed in at the casements of the burning house shivering the panes, but the flames would dash out with a roar that rose far above the clank of the engine and the song of the men below. Rich furniture, rescued in the early stage of the fire was piled up against neighboring houses. I was engaged in helping to uprear a ladder against the upper portion not yet fully ablaze, when a hand clutched my shoulder, and turning round, I saw the face of Tom Crawford, ghastly white in the flame-light. "Sam ! " he gasped, " Phoebe's in that house !" i For one minute I staggered, as if some heavy beam had fallen on my head, the "next I was speeding up the already adjusted ladder, and with a sweeping circle of blows the window was cleared of glass and I was in the room ! The place was lighted by a lamp standing on a toilet table, but the room was so beclouded with smoke that it was in half darkness. I was on the second floor- the bed-room range-and passing from one apartment to another, half-suffocated with the smoke, I yelled the name of " Phoebe ! " At last I found her ; crouching in one of the rooms, half-dead with fear. There was no time for explanation of how and why she had been left. I lifted her in my arms-"Trust yourself to me now, Phoebe," I said, as I sought the room by which I had entered. " Now, and always, Sam!" she said, in a voice so sweet, that I have no doubt she smiled, though there was not light enough to see it. " Whatever comes of this, Sam ; forgive my foolishness in the past, and believe me as your wife-your true, loving little wife, 'until death us do part ! ' " " Until death us do part ! " how the words seemed to scorch my very heart ! for we had reached the window, and were looking on the upturned faces of the throng below. In the meantime the flame had burst through a window directly beneath, and were playing about the rungs of the ladder. I knew . it would be a fiery ordeal, but I prepared to descend. As I placed my foot on the ladder, a yell burst from the crowd, "Don't trust it ! " and I had hardly regained my position, when a crash announced the means of escape burnt through. Tearing the sheets from the beds, I knotted them together, and rushing to another window tested the length, but, a gust of wind drove the flame towards them and I was obliged to drop the burning mass into the street. There was no escape but by mounting higher ! We soon reached the garrets, and my hatchet making active play among the slates, -we were out behind the parapet. Another roar from the crowd as I traversed the building as a man might wander about a lone rock in the wild Atlantic, seeking the means of escape. There was but one- an ancient leaden pipe for conveying the rain from the roof. "We must risk it, Phoebe," I said, " it is our only chauce ; to remain is certain death. Kiss me, my darling, before we go-kiss me, my wife ! " 1 tied her hands together and passed her looped arms about my neck, in case faintness should cause her to relax her hold, and then began our perilous descent. The crowd were silent-all but the calm voice of the superintendent directing thc firemen to play on the wall near us and thus guard our descent. Course after course of the old stone building was passed in safety ; the blood started from beneath my finger nails with the terrible strain-three minutes more and Ave would be in safety ? We were on the last joint of the pipe and already a cheer, or mingled roar and yell, burst from the crowd-Avhen some- thing gave way, and Ave fell. The upper floors had fallen in, and the concussion had loosened tho pipe. I remember nothing more, than that when 1 revived I _;_ found Phoebe bending over me. I ate my Christmas dinner with her, her father, and Tom Crawford, and she was my. wife " for better for worse " before the end of the next six months. Miss, and Gentlemen, we'll drink the health of my wife, than whom a better does not breathe ! " " Hurrah ? here's a health to her, and to all lasses like her !" cried the stockman. " Your story is a real exciting one, landlord, and puts me in mind of an adventure which happened to me some years ago, and which I call 'CHRISTMAS EVE AT AN OUT-STATION.'" I had been in Sydney for some time, "doing the grand," as the diggers call it, on the money I'd made at Tambaroora-some time before I sent to England for my mother. Although there was something fascinating in Sydney life--in the theatres and singing saloons, and other places of amusement, there wasn't much to attach me to the city, after my money was " knocked down." Thea, I was like a fish out of water, and all the excitement of Sydney was nothing to me ; I longed for some- thing more startling and adventurous, and this at length came about through the medium of a person named Quizzleton. He was a squatter, with a beard of seven years' growth, a snub nose and small eyes. He wore top boots, and a belt in which he carried a bowie-knife and pistols whenever he was beyond the boundary of a town ; and was altogether as queer a customer as you would meet with anywhere. In America, I suppose, they would have termed him a " back-woodsman," here he was merely a squatter. He was staying at the "Royal," and while I was flush of cash I had stayed there, too ; and during those palmy times we " shouted " in turn, went to the play together, and, in fact, vowed eternal friendship. Quizzleton had been up North, his cattle and sheep were located at Jumbuck Creek, a spot, which some five years back, he had settled on, to the great disgust of a multitude of blacks, whose herds of kangaroo and emus, had till then been unmolested ; consequently neither he nor his men found favour in the eyes of the aboriginals and huts were burned, men and cattle speared, and a host of similar outrages committed. Still, he stuck to his post, and trusted in the black police. The station had been quiet for two years ; the Mungarlow tribe had visited the great " Bunyah," and returned to the scrub surrounding the homestead ; the jungle which had been the habitation of their fathers, and the generations before them. Quizzleton made me an offer ; he wanted an overseer ; had advertised for one, and had but one applicant for the situation, and that a new chum ; would I accept it? I, who had colonial experience ; had been at Fiery Creek, and Tam- baroora ; and had knocked down all my worldly wealth in Sydney, would I object to go North ? Of course I would not, and go I did ; or rather we did, for my employer, and the rations and slops he had bought, all went by vessel to Wide , Bay, and thence were-carried by drays to his station. Mungarlow, pleasantly situated on Jumbuck Creek, was not a bad place after all, especially for an idler ; of work there was little, except at shearing time, and then we were busy enough till the departure of the last dray. The bush was an empire of stillness till the next shearing. There was no road to our station, con- sequently but few travellers ever intruded on our privacy, only once during the twelve months I spent there did an event of this kind occur, and then it was " merely a poor new chum who had lost his way and wandered some forty miles off the road." I took the poor fellow home, fed him till he had strength sufficient . to travel, and then conducted him to the road side from which he had strayed. But a man will tire even when he is in the best position-it was so in my case. Playing cards, drinking, cutting green hide, mending hurdles, and fishing in the creek (mostly a profitable employment) occupied the time at the head station, and on Fridays (ration day) taking provisions to the out stations, counting the sheep, and having a yarn with the shepherds or hutkeepers concerning native dogs, breed of sheep, or blackfellows. The latter were occasionally met with on the runs by the shepherds, who gave them a " narang " bit of tobacco, and they passed away without molesting any one. Still, with all our fancied security, suspicions as to the safety of the residents on that station at times would step in, and cause me . some anxiety. It seemed a sort of foreshadowing of events which were soon to take place, and although I had dreams of a strange character, in which spectres of hideous forms were companions of my slumbers I did not even whisper my fears to those around me. One Christmas eve, as is customary with Northern settlers, I had gone to the out stations to leave a small present of plums, currants, and other etceteras at each. Having ridden a matter of forty miles, and done the round of the huts, I had only one more to visit ere my task was concluded. My horse was jaded and gave signs of weariness, and I observed, with some concern, that the shades of evening were fast overspréading the sky. As I rode amid the monotonous world of evergreens the gloom increased around my pathway, and the faint twilight over- head was almost shut out by the shadowy trees, whose drooping branches swayed by the wind gave forth a melancholy wail. I was riding as fast as the condition of the animal would admit, when suddenly, as if from the underwood, came forth the sound of a low intoned song of strange import. At first it seemed the cadence of some wild melody, but gradually rising higher it assumed a wilder character, till it merged into the fullness of a great chorus joined by many voices. It was blacks, and the corroboree they had met to celebrate was taking place bj the side of the adjacent creek. I must confess that though cowardice has ever been absent from my nature, I could not listen to these strange sounds unmoved. They startled me from my reverie, and made me even more anxious to reach my destination. I knew my way-1 was not lost-a short distance more and the hut would be in sight. Guided by the light from the shepherd's domicile, and the barking of dogs, I soon reached the comfortless habitation, occupied by one man, who, in addition to the duties of shepherd, undertook that of hutkeeper. A lonely denizen of the woods, a solitary individual minus books, papers, or companion j the latter want (if it could be called a waut) only supplied by sheep and dogs. Old Jack (no one ever called him by any other name) was a " character," that is he had his peculiarities, one of which was a love for solitude ; he liked to be alone. The mountains were to him as the faces of friends, and he read lessons in rocks and stones, and was wise in his own conceit. Who knew anything so well as Jack ? Talk about flocks or dogs, he was the man to give an opinion. His bed was of skins ; his clothing a blue shirt and moleskins, his rations more than suffi- cient for him, and his cheque at present in the settler's pocket ; the last one had been knocked down at Plrillpots, on the Dawson, for Jack liked grog. Give him a bottle and you had á key to his soul. I approached this individual's habitation with less pleasurable feelings than perhaps I might have done had the hour been earlier, but there was no alternative, and I was in for a night of it with Jack. Let us pass over the meeting, the supper of damper, mutton and tea, the pipe after it, and the ecstacy of the shepherd when . he saw the present " the cove " had sent out to him. Why should I bire you with a recital of all this, or with the tedious and improbable yarns I was compelled to listen to at that out station ; but at last it all ended, and I lay down to rest with my saddle-cloth for a bed and my saddle for a pillow, on the green sward in front of the hut. My horse was in a neighboring gully, quietly cropping the "burnt feed," which Jack said he had saved for " rainy days," for his sheep. All was so still and tranquil, all so calm and beautiful above me that notwithstanding the warning I had received, that blacks were in the vicinity, I fell asleep. My sleep was long and heavy ; dreams terrible in the extreme flitted through it, and I rested ill at ease. Yet I could form nothing definite out of the sea of strange ghost-like faces which seemed to glare out upon me from every quarter of that visionary space. I strove to rid myself of these horrors but could not ; the night- mare grew closer and closer, and there was a suffocating feeling about my throat ; I gasped for breath, my eyes opened, and I saw-; yes, I saw, no less a per- sonage than Old Jack, grasping my throat with one hand and his knife poised high in the air in the other ready to strike. I comprehended it all in an instant-and life, the boon craved by all God's creatures appeared sweeter then than ever. Was this to be the end of all my hopes, death at the hands of a wretch like this ! What a struggle that was ! I was perfectly conscious, and though unarmed fought like a demon, but Jack was uppermost, and at intervals succeeded in inflicting several stabs in various parts of , my body-none, however, wei-e very dangerous-and at length I succeeded in wresting the knife from him, and then resumed the fight with more advantage. The glare as of fire caused me to turn my eyes in the direction of the hut, which I perceived was burning, and issuing therefrom and advancing towards us, beheld a large concourse of blacks. Yells, shouts, and imprecations filled the air, and the hollows and hills reverberated with the sounds. Need I say I heard them and trembled. Jack, the villain, also heard them, and relaxed his hold on my neck. Nerving myself instantly for a final effort, I succeeded in hurling him from me, and strove to rise to renew the attack with the coming foe. A shot from my gun, which had not been disturbed, made the aboriginals fall back in consternation, and a shower of spears replied to the next charge fired. The wretch, who had made the cowardly attack on me probably with a view to rob me of all I possessed, and with the full intention of making my quietus, was slinking off, but he was v seen by the aboriginals, who, incensed by the slaughter of some of their fellows, completely surrounded him and in a few moments had his head on the point of one bf their speaas, probably intending it as a warning to me. Wounded as I was, with' blood dropping from many wounds, I resolved to sell my life dearly, and placing my back against a tree, faced my foeá. I can never forget the hour I passed in that position ; my ammunition was spent, aDd though several of my antagonists had fallen before my unerring aim, yet they showed no inclitíation to abandon the battle. Hope's fire was indeed low in my heart ; if I could only reach my horse, I was sure of safety ; perhaps the blacks had speared the poor animal. While thus meditating I heard a shout ; my antagonists heard it too-it was music to my ears. A moment more and they were flying before the avengers, who in the persons of Mr. Quizzleton, aided by the black police, came to my rescue. Explanations followed, my wounds were bound up, and the troopers pursued the darkies to the deepest recesses of the scrub. Blood was shed on that occasion, and the mourning of their females at stations far distant, plainly testified how prompt had been the administration of justice. My story was soon related to my preservers, and they eagerly sought for the body of the insane wretch, who had so far forgotten the laws of hospitality as to endeavour to murder me during my sleep. His attack had failed only in conse . quence of my awakening and the opportune arrival of the aboriginals, who, though foes, were perhaps less base than this vile creature. They found him minus his head, and buried his remains a few feet below the surface of the sandy soil near the hut. I have little more to relate, my wounds, with care, soon healed, and the . flocks were removed from the spot, whicñ we named, " Murderer's Gully ;" the station has long since changed hands, and there are few aboriginals there to molest any one now. On the conclusion of the stockman's story, I felt myself called upon, as the originator of the scheme, to add my morsel of adventure to the general stock. " I cannot promise," 1 remarked, " that the incidents I am about to relate will be as exciting as those told by our worthy host, and the gentleman who has just coucluded. Their's were struggles for life with a hand to hand foe- mine proves that we often tread very close upon the confines of the invisible world without the least idea of our peril. My adventure was remarkable enough to cause it to be stamped upon my memory, while I possess such a faculty, and in order to fix it in yours if it is worth retaining, I will call it. 'THE FACE AT THE WINDOW."' As I remarked, we without doubt often have Death close at hand-even laying his bony finger on our elbow-without being'aware of his presence and of our danger. Sometimes this fact is proved to us in a very odd manner-even years after it may have happened-and it is with reference to an incident, or rather a thrice repeated incident of this kind, that I am about to speak. Some years ago, business took me to the old seaport town of Whitby, in the North Riding of Yorkshire, a place which is, in some degree, connected with Australian history, inasmuch as it was the town in which Captain Cook-of illustrious memory-was first apprenticed to the sea, and imbibed those nautical ideas which eventually led to the discovery of New South Wales. I need not enter into dry details of business matters as to how and why I was there ; suffice it that I was heartily sick of walking about the quays, watching the arrival and departure of the dim and dingy colliers, looking at the sea breaking against the east pier, and sometimes wandering in the shadow of the ancient abbey whose high position overlooks the town. The time at length arrived at which I was to meet my friend-the time but not the man-and as the hours sped by, and I had nothing but the driving wind and the ticking of the clock to listen to, I paced the well lighted hotel parlour impatiently enough. It was Christmas eve-a bitter, cheerless December night, as far as outward weather was concerned-and I was anxious to catch the early morning train, to convey me to my own comfortable family circle. At last my friend arrived, and shaking the snow from his overcoat, excused his want of punctuality on account of the tempestuous weather. We sat together, conversing for sometime after business matters were concluded ; and as he rose to go, I went to the window to seethe state of the night. Asl drew back the curtain, my eyes, instead of encountering the too familiar lines bf irregular archi- tecture, for which Whitby is well known, rested on what !-a pallid, ghostly human face, pressed against the glass and staring full into mine ! I dropped the curtain and started back with a beating heart, and an ejaculation that caused my friend to enquire, laughingly, whether I had " seen a ghost ? " " Something very like one," I muttered. "Do you know, Harry, when 1 looked out a minute ago, I had a man's face within an inch of my own ! " " Ha, ha ! " laughed my com- panion, "Don't you know the effect of looking into the dark street from a well lighted room, you saw your own reflection, my friend." I shook my head, " Not a bit of it. It was beardless, and pale, and-" "And not at all handsome-so that it couldn't possibly be a facsimile of your own ! I understand your vanity, my boy," roared my companion. " But even if so, it was no doubt some unlucky \- devil, trying to get a share or glimpse of the warmth he couldn't get outside without having it entered in a landlord's bill." I confess the incident, simple as it was, made a great impression on my mind, and it was not until morning came, and I was whirling homewards that it was dispelled. On Christmas night, when the mirth of the happy season rang out its full peal of peace and good fellowship, and our fun grew fast and furious, I again thought of the affair, and laughingly related it to the assembled company. ' ' I'll just repeat the whole thing in action," I said, stepping to the casement. " I held the curtain aside, so ! " Good Heaven ! There, glancing in at the window of my own parlour, was the identical face I had seen on the previous night at Whitby ! The circumstance now began to assume a serious aspect ; either I was the victim of some optical delusion, such as we read recorded in Sir D. Brewster's letters on " Natural Magic," or somebody, for a mysterious purpose of his own, had me under a complete system of espionage. My friend, Dr. Brandt, who was of the company, gave me a medical inspection, and declared my state of health to be such as to entirely put the first proposition out of the pale of probability, and opined that, be its purpose what it might, a face of flesh and blood had watched me on both occasions. I am not a nervous man, and if actual danger is to be faced, I can meet it, I think, with the calmness befitting a true man ; but here was something which, with all the danger of the natural, was allied to the mysteriousness of the unnatural. I could not bring my foe to the "tug of war," but went about like a second Damocles, with a hair suspended sword above my head, liable to fall at any moment. I grew low-spirited, and dejected-especially when on a third occasion the same incident took place, at a scene far removed from both the others. Then, indeed, it seemed like a thrice given warning of impending calamity. I acquired a disagreeable habit of darting suspicious glances at out-of-the- way corners, as if a pair of eyes were watching me from thence. I hadan uncomfortable feeling of being looked after and noted, and as to windows, I scarcely dared to lift a blind by night or day. Wherever I went, whatever I did, that face-stern and ghastly-haunted me. I saw it in my waking hours, and in my dreams, a stern avenger of some wrong I could not remember having committed. Some two years after the third appearance, I left England for Australia, and by that time the face of my mysterious visitor was but a shadow of the past. Whilst passing along a street of the city in which I had taken up my residence, a police- man touched my arm, and requested my attendance as juror at an inquest. The deceased had been found murdered; shot through the heart, and the perpetrator of the deed was in custody. In fact the inquest was a mere matter of form, the prisoner fully acknowledging his guilt. It was the same old, old story, of man's villainy and woman's shame. Three years ago the dead man had been the star of a fashionable circle, in which he had been introduced to the sister of the prisoner. The man, lying stiff and stark before us, with all the evidences of a bad life, and violent death staring from his distorted face, had then been known as Raby Vaughan ; who might in the supremacy of his accomplishments and attractive power, have offered bis hand to some dozen ladies of'beauty, fortune, and title without fear of refusal. But sparing to take of these, the "one ewe lamb "of this man-now a prisoner, then a clerk in America-fell a victim. Heart- broken and destitute, she had only time before her death to send her brother a note, imploring his blessingon her memory, and enclosing a photograph of him in whom she had trusted and been so cruelly deceived. And now comes the strange development of my otherwise sober story. In the pocket of the prisoner was found this identical photograph, which, singular to relate, bore a remarkable resemblance to myself. The distorted features of the dead could not so well be traced, but everybody in the room acknowleged the resemblance between the carte-de-vmte and myself. And the prisoner-who was he? The face was none other than the face at the window, seen by me on three separate occasions ! The unfortunate man recognised me, and explained that on first landing at "Whitby, to avenge his sister's honor, he had seen me walking up the irregularly paved streets, and felt convinced that I was identical with the original of the photograph. That he watched me through the window of the hotel ; that he got into one of the rear carriages of the same train that conveyed me home, and watched me on Christmas night as I sat by my own fireside. Again, on the third occasion his was the self-same patient watching face, and each time his finger was on a pis'tol trigger which, that inscrutable Providence "which shapes our ends, rough hew them as we will," kept him from pulling, until, fortunately for me, he discovered his mistake, and getting on the right track, left England for Australia in pursuit of his victim. " A most remarkable story"-observed the nervous gentleman, and one calcu- lated to make a man chary of pulling back a window blind to peep out, all the days and nights of his life. The narrator of it-(to whom I am sure we are all obliged) stated in the course of his story that he is not a nervous man ; now, I am. A nervous man in the fullest acceptation of the term. I can't go out in a boat without fear of being drowned-or travel, without a dread of robbers, going about with me as persistently as my portmanteau. In the night I get up to see if the house is on fire, and on returning to bed get a shivering fit at the idea of the cold I fancy I shall have in a day or two-through pacing chilly floors without slippers. In fact, 'there is no end to the terrible inflictions my extreme nervousness has brought upon me. The only benefit it ever conferred upon me has been to keep me out of public office. I have never committed myself as an alderman, a J.P., or an'M.P., and have therefore the satisfaction of knowing that I have only made a fool of myself in private circles. The "oldman" who clung to Sinbad's back, like the stone outside of a native cherry, never proved such an incubus as nervousness has been to me. Even now I feel my position a far too public and prominent one-but will release myself from it as speedily as I can by ~~ giving you a hurried glimpse of a personal adventure of mine, so fraught with intense suffering to me, that I have always regarded the occasion as *A NIGHT OF HORROR."' First let me enquire whether any gentleman in the present company is an American ? No ? Well, I'm glad of it, for I always feel an extra touch of nerv- ousness in their society, the reason of which you will hear. When the Kiandra diggings broke out, and the Snowy River 'rush' was at the height of its popularity, it was my misfortune to travel on the southern road. I object to travelling, in a general way, and in a most particular manner to travel- ling in this country-for what with floods-and bridges swept away-and logs across the road-and horses bolting-and bushrangers, and what not-there is always enough to make a nervous man exceedingly more nervous. Well, it was in the winter season, and a few stages from the diggings, we arrived at the only stopping place for the night. It had been originally a station home- stead of some pretensions, but had descended into the hands of an innkeeper; and was then the recognized hotel of the road, in fact, there was none other within a radius of some miles. When our addition to the hotel company arrived, we were annoyed and disappointed to find that every bed in the house was engaged, with the exception of one ; and I was just about to secure this for myself, when a tall sallow-faced man, habited as a stockman, and with a coiled-up stock-whip hang- ing over his arm, broke in with-" I say boss-I'll take my passage in that ar' bed, book it to me !" He was evidently a Yankee, from his peculiar accent, and he leered at me from under the brim of his tall felt hat, as if he had performed a very clever trick. "But my dear sir,-I was going to engage that bed from the landlord-," I began, when he broke in with " What you was gwine to do-I've done-old hoss !" and coolly began cutting off a plug of tobacco, with a very disagreeable looking bowie-knife. He was a horrible man, take him altogether, and I considered his style of address excessively vulgar, and far too familiar. " I must leave you gentlemen to settle the matter'between you," said the host, who found this a convenient loophole through which to sneak, without offending either customer. " Well, I consider the bed-or the use of it, morally mine ; and, therefore, shall use it, landlord, in two hours' time," I said, decidedly. " All right, stranger ! It isn't safe to stroke a ' grizzly's ' ha'r the wrong way, but you Britishers are so tarnation clever you won't lam from anything but experience, and not always at that." After supper, I was shown by the landlord to the room-my room, which I found to be scarcely worth quarrelling about. The wind came in, cold and icy, through many chinks ; and the warm general room with its roaring fire, was far to be preferred. But my pride was aroused, and I intended to be determined- nay, obstinate, if required. The Yankee's allusion to my nationality had stirred up all my British pluck, and my motto was " death, but no surrender." I had hardly commenced undressing, when the other claimant for the disputed bed strolled in. I chuckled at the idea of my being the first in it ; but what was my surprise when I saw the stranger lock the door, and, pulling back the sheets, jump into bed with every stitch on, including his clumsy riding-boots, and a huge pair of spurs ! Here was a catastrophe, something entirely unprovided for ! "I guess, I kick a bit in my dreams-on 'count of never havin' be'n broken in-but if I'm oncomfortable, stranger, I don't object to bein 'woke." said the ruffian, as his eyes twinkled over the great door mat of a beard spread over the counterpane. " Don't sit shakin' thar, like a wet dog, else you'll get cold feet, and I'm tarnation xigly on cold feet belonging to other folks." I sat immoveable, and finding me so, my rival proceeded. " Besides, thar' may be snake holes in the floor, and its best to get into bed before the candle goes out, in case any on 'em' should play up lively, as the beasts sometimes do ! I've known 'em locate snug in a gentleman's boots, reglar old sarpints they are, and that's the reason I go to bed in mine, in such a likely camping ground for snakes as this. Why, the boss was saying they killed three meandering round the house, the last four days." I sat, fearfully nervous, but outwardly unmoved, for the next hour, thinking of many things, but most of all, of snakes. But when the light began to nicker in the socket, I thought it time to capitulate. " I've made up my mind to let you have the room, Sir. Will you kindly unlock the door ?" The sleeper snored. After some difficulty, I succeeded in arousing him, and repeated my remark. " Unlock the door." "Not for a variety of reasons," said my enemy. "In the first place. I never emigrate till the morning, when I once get fixed in bed, I never think nothing of fowls as go shifting to all manner of roosts." " Throw me the key," I said in disgust, " and I'll let myself out." " Not if I know it stranger," said the unmanageable brute, wagging his beard in the negative. " In that case I should have to get up and lock it after you, as I'm tarnation afraid of thieves. Besides, the boss and his family's gone to bed, and what's the good o' disturbin the vartuous repose of a innercent family ?" "You had no business to lock the door," I retorted severely. -, "If you'd only had as much sense as a wood-chuck, and kept on the right side it wouldn't have mattered shet or not shet," rejoined my tormentor. By the time the candle had almost burnt itself out, and finding that I could avail nothing, I proceeded to settle myself as comfortably* as I possibly could in my chair, to sit- the night out. It was lamentably cold, and as the light made one tremulous leap and then vanished, I began to doze off. The chair was hard and unaccommodating. Sit how I would, a sharp ridge or knob worked itself into my most acute and tender angles, and consequently my dreams were not happy ones. All the horrible tales I had read from childhood to age, concerning various mern l>ers of the serpent tribe entwined and convolved themselves with my sleeping visions. First 1 had the crushing fold of a huge python swathed about my body until I lay bruised, gasping and powerless, like a stricken deer, while a cruel mouth hovered and gibbered before me, and a pair of fiendish eyes lighted up with a horrible green flame. Then a rattlesnake, of a size only seen in dreams, shook its dreadful music in my ears, and so on through the whole catalogue of the snake family down to the humble, but by no means harmless death-adder of Australia. How far the nighb had waned on I know not, but I was suddenly aroused from a half-dream, by a peculiar crawling sensation about my right calf. The room was in utter darkness, and there without doubt, was something coiling itself about my body. Gracious powers ! It was a snake ! With a yell that might have awakened the history-renowned Seven Sleepers, much more my Yankee neighbour, I grasped the thing, and held it from me. I felt its hard shelly overlapping scales, and judged that I had clutched it round the thickest part of the body ; but where its head or tail was, I had not the slighest conception. In an agony of terror, too frightened to move or to cry out, I sat waiting for the thing to strike. At last the crisis Came. A sharp feeling as of a pin thrust into the calf of my leg, and then another yell escaped me, that at last brought my companion to my aid. " What on 'arth are ye yelling like a wild cat for ?"-he hastily cried as he shuffled about to get a light. I could only groan. j Before the light was produced, the landlord and several other occupants of the j house had arrived at the door, and were demanding the cause of the uproar. The door was unlocked, lights were introduced, and there I was revealed, holding at arm's length-the snake ? No, that infernal Yankee's stock-whip, which he had craftily wound about me in my sleep. As to the bite, I.found a pin still sticking through the material of my trouser leg. As day was beginning to break, and my tormentor had to saddle up and be off by sun-rise, he told me I was welcome to the bed, and advised me never again to " stroke a Yankee's feathers the wrong way, or I would lose, as sure as thar was snakes in Varginny. " I need hardly say that my aversion and nervousness concerning both snakes and Yankees, were not decreased by the incident. We all heartily sympathised with the troubles of our nervous friend, who gallantly observed that he should forget them all, he was sure, for the time being, in the interest which would result from hearing the experience of his fair neigh- bour, on whom he begged to call for a narrative. There was little on her part of that conventional affectation, which is so em- barrassing and annoying, when strangers are thrown together for a season-by rendering them as antagonistic in their principles, as oil and water. She assumed her position at once, pleasantly and gracefully, and related with much genuine feeling a little episode of Australian life, to which I have, for the sake of dis- tinction, given thc title of 'LOST IN THE BUSH.' " , ' ' Though I have been for many years a resident of New South Wales, I cannot say that any very extraordinary adventures have fallen to my lot. A life passed in the bush at the residence of my parents, far removed from the main road, and unvisited by travellers ; a life of perfect calm has sweetened my lot; and from the day of arrival at our station, after finishing my education in Sydney, to the present time, nothing has occurred to mar the serenity of mind so enjoyable to persons who love poetry aud the daydreams it awakens. Butif I have experienced nothing to blight the happiness of existence, or to interrupt the tranquility of my home, others, resident near, and dependent on my father for their subsistence, have not been so fortunate. It is of them I purpose to speak. Mr. and Mrs. Grayling were emigrants to Australia, and hired by my father soon after their arrival in the colony. " Jamie," for so Mr. Grayling liked to be called, was as fine a sample of humanity as you could meet-a native of Auld Reekie, where he had married his Jennie some years before. They had been boy and girl together. Many a time when Jamie was "tentin" sheep about Dunnottar had they met together and passed the live-long day among the hills nutting, or listening to some of the " auld wives' " tales of the Covenanters, for whom Castle Dunnottar was used as a prison in the time of Charles II., or revelling in legends of the haunted Abbey of Aberbrethock. To this worthy couple were born two children, George and Mary, at the time of their arrival on our station respectively aged, the first nine, the latter eight years. I had no other suitable companions, so that after old Grayling had taken the flock at the Range, an out-station some nine miles off, I used to ride over every fine afternoon, and spend several hours in their company. There was a free open- heartedness in these simple people so different to the usual class of " new chums " one meets with in the bush, everready to show by their actions that they appreciated the smallest kindness, and as our acquaint- ance with each other increased I began to like them very much. Master George was a noble boy, with au eye like fire beaming under a brow of marble whiteness whose beauty a sculptor might have envied. His ruddy complexion (heightened almost to blushing when a compliment was offered) glowing with the purest health, as, heated with exercise, he sprang into the room where, on my first visit, I was sitting conversing with his mother, was something to remember. Mary, the gentle Mary, how great was her affection, how intense her love for that rough yet honest-hearted brother. Contrast them how we might they were opposites. The one formed to battle with the world, with the tempests, frowns, and hard knocks met therein ; the other, by reason of her frail construction, a weak puling flower, too evanescent and seraphic in form to cope with the dangers and perils, the cares and strifes of existence. Old Grayling was proud of his children-well he might be, and on those occasions when I extended my stay till evening, or consented to remain all night, after his flock was yarded, when he came to the hut, and saw "young Missus," his whole talk was of his " bairns." " Geordie war a braw lad," he said, " fu o a' those nice points sic as ye hear tell o' puir Babbie Burns having, and wha knows yet but what Í the bairn may be a great man like him? He likes readin and writin for a'he is sae wild ' at times. " Mary also came in for a share of his praise. Father's slippers were always ready at his chair side, and his pannikin filled with tea on the table, while the white table cloth, with the usual accompaniments of " tea-time," was in its place waiting his coming. Grace said, the family commenced the meal, and I inva- riably noticed each repast began and concluded in a similar manner. True this might be only a form or custom introduced here from Fatherland; the " religion of the heart" was not, however, wanting iu that family, and to hear the old man read j the " ha Bible," and comment thereon, together with his prayer at evetidé ere they retired to rest, was delightful. In this tranquil manner six months glided by. Jamie kept his sheep well, deaths were few and losses none ; our overseer had little to do in that quarter, and consequently considered old Grayling a " pattern shepherd," pointing him out as an example worthy of imitation by those unfortunate fellows who were continually reporting " a mob lost," or " mixed again, sir ! couldn't help boxin em ! not my fault this time, sir !" These excuses made matters worse, and the overseer swore in consequence-and that overseer could swear (as the Americans have it) "a few.'' Mr. Miran, for so was he named, had not been married many years ; his wife, with her infant, just turned eighteen months, lived at the head station, respectable enough people in their way, but to my view, impressed as I was with my play- fellows and their surroundings, not at all to be compared with the Graylings, Just what any one might expect now happened-little Mary accepted service with Mrs. Miran, as nursemaid ; it was quite natural, that a kind, quiet girl, such as she was, should not be suffered to bury her existence among mountains and soli- tude, doing literally nothing, instead of earning a "something" to help family expenses. Old Jamie was consulted with regard to the matter, but he did not like parting with his daughter even though assured " she would be well cared for, and have lots of old dresses given her, together with a few shillings weekly." His mind misgave him as to her safety after she had left his guardianship, a sort of pre- sentiment rose up before him that she would not be happy ; but his wife who, it might be thought, would have opposed her going, had consented. He therefore gave an unwilling assent and turned uside to hide the first tears he had shed since leaving Scotland. But was it manly thus to " greet," and when he saw his Jeannie cheer- ful in spite of her feelings, and Geordie laughing heartily at his dogs chasing an opossum, he looked with brighter eyes on the matter and resolved to forget the circumstance. Somehow or other he could not forget it. When he went out in the morning with his sheep and sat on the hill tops with the outspread flock before him, the dull calm of the landscape, the monotonous'wave of the foliage, and the old remembered places where he had last heard her singing, or seeu her frail form gliding among the trees to" meet him, returned with vivid force. And so he smoked hia pipe, and thought, and smoked again, while the weary day went on till night brought a return to the hut, and the painful sight of her vacant chair. He had no daughter now to kiss him, to say " Good night ! God bless you, father !" no plain- tive voice, whose accents he so much admired, to join the evening hymn or prayer. Strange his wife did not miss her as he did, and yet she was alone in that hut every day ! True, she often had Geordie for her companion, and was making a flower-garden, and had a hundred things to occupy her attention ; but he, he had nothing to do but mind his sheep, and that was easy enough, or to smoke. It was about three weeks after Mary had come to reside with the overseer that old Grayling said to his wife, " Jeannie, I'm unco uneasy about our bairn ; ye ken I did no like the thoughts of her gaein till t'overseer. I'll jest run over the after- noon an see how she's doing. Geordie can mind the sheep." The guid wife had hithérto felt no alarm concerning the welfare of her child. Mary would be, she thought, well cared for, and it was merely as nurse she was wanted ; what could make her " old man " so uneasy ? " Tellee what, lass," said he to her inquiry, " I've had a dream about our bairn, an I'm no satisfied but it's true ; however I'll gang the now and see." The impor- tant vision he did not relate ere his departure, as, with stiele in hand, and followed by his dogs he set out for the head station, leaving his wife in a very unenviable and uncomfortable state of mind. Mrs. Miran was astonished, yet pleased, to see the old shepherd. She welcomed him in, made him sit down, placed tea, mutton, and a large damper before him, and politely requested him to discuas their merits. She was yery loquacious, talk- ing was her hobby, and a listener gavé her mere delight than one might have imagined, consequently she was about to begin a " terrible long yarn," to which poor Jamie's jaws were expected to keep time, but he, with a stern countenance, so awed the talkative creature, that she was quiet, and demanded "what he wanted?" Need we add explanations followed on both sides. " Mary was well, quite well, had but that minute gone out with the baby ; had her father come for her ? she was sorry to part with her services, but she supposed -" Grayling was taken aback by all this ; his daughter quite well ! what a load was lifted from his heart ! he could go back to shepherding now with alacrity j it would be best not to show any further uneasiness here, so declining the proffered meal at the cottage he set out on his way homéward. Dreams ! he would put no more faith in them ; true, his " mither had a leaning toward the second sight, and believed in warlocks and the de'il," but he'd discard all these superstitions. Thus musing a shrill " coo-ee" startled him, the clattering of a horse's hoofs was heard, and an instant after the overseer rode up. The usual bush salutations were exchanged, the usual inquiries made relative to the flock and the family ; even the dogs came in for a share of remark. Pedigree and puppy dom. were discussed. Pro- ducing a bottle from his valise the overseer politely invited Jamie to a " taste." " Eh, mon ! an I wool, is it no Burns that says, a chiel is better for a wee drappie in his e'e when he's sad ?" " Real stingo," said Mr. Miran, uncorking the bottle with a screw from his knife, first taking a pull, and then handing it to his com- panion. " Och, but that is guid !" said the old fellow ; " it minds me of the sweet milk I used to drink when a boy in the Grampians, a better drap o' whiskey I havn't tasted this mony a day. It's real auld Reekie ower again !" The overseer bade Jamie " good day !" and they parted, the happy father telling him, long after he was out of hearing, to "be careful of his puir bairn, and to tent her kindly." Jamie did not return that night, but no uneasiness was felt on his account by his wife and son. The sheep were yarded as usual, the same old forms observed at the hut as if he had been there. " He'll be home i' the morn," said they, but np ! he did not come, and evening found the members of his family anxious and expectant. Could he have stayed at the head station ? was Mary ill ? or what ? Uncertainty as to his well-being made them truly sad and dejected. Another long night, and at daybreak George, after turning out the flock on some " burnt feed," set out for the overseer's cottage. He soon reached it, and who shall describe his feelings when he found that no tidings of his father could be obtained ; he had left the station and parted from the overseer about a mile distant, beyond this they knew nothing. There was yet something more terrible for poor George to hear. Mary, little Mary, was lost, and added thereto was the direful intelligence that she had taken with her the child of her mistress. There were thus three lives at stake. Age, childhood, and infancy to cope with these horrors. Never shall I forget the impression the first tidings of this calamity made upon me. Girl as I was I could readily understand the feelings of any being so unfortu- nate as to be "lost in the bush!" The grim old trees with their gaunt weird ai'ms, and those everlasting leaves which let the sunlight through, and are neither use nor ornament, clothe the landscape, or, if among the mountains, line the sides of the precipitous cones. Oh ! how I thought of poor little Mary, my companion, for since her arrival at the station we had been inseparable-lost, lost ! and with her the overseer's child ! There was galloping then I can tell you, and mustering of neighbors from the surrounding stations, and morning after morning did they go out, and at evetime return with the same sad tidings " not found yet !" Matters looked serious enough when poor George Grayling came to inquire concerning his father. This new victim added to the number already lost but heightened the interest of the search, and the searchers went forth as before, first extending their journeys on one side, then on another, farther and farther, till on the sixth day the first link in the chain of strange events with which the lost ones were counected was brought to light-old Grayling was found ! Lost for six days ! ! Who shall describe the anguish, yet spark of hope, that filled the breast of the overseer's wife at the news that " one is found !" Is it her child ? All the mother is in that inquiry-" or little Mary !" They cannot answer her-all know that the real truth will break her heart, but the light flashes upon her that it is not her infant that 7ias been rescued, and her pensive voice is heard amid deep sobs, " my child ! my darling child !" Rough men are there-bushmen, splitters, hut-keepers, stockmen, blackfellows, shepherds, and others whose emo- tions are never seen, whose founts of sentiment or sorrow have been closed since they were boys ; now you see these men weep. Jack, who hasn't shed a tear since he was tied up for his three dozen in days gone by, whose soul is like a piece of green-hide, even feels his eyes getting moist at the sad spectacle before him. They partake of tea and food, the black trackers are waiting, and off they go again. The bush is alive with sounds. Coo-ee ! coo-ee ! ! Yet there is no answer, and it is the evening of the sixth day at sundown. God help the two poor mothers who are waiting up all night, longing for the morrow, with undying Hope ! God aid the trackers, and give them strength to persevere in the arduous search ! * ***** It would take too long to detail all the events in connection with the lost ones. Lost for ever ! for they were never found more alive. Some years' after the sad occurrence a stockman, out in the vicinity of a very.precipitous country, about thirty miles from our station, discovered the bones of two human beings which, from his description of their appearance, are supposed to be the remains of little Mary and her infant charge. The Grayling family have long since left the district ; the son drives stock from the Barwon to market, aud on some occasious, passing our station, stays for the night. He tells us his pai'ents are getting " doatish," his father especially, the old man having never been " right" since he got lost, and Mary's fate yet preys on his mind. Poor Mrs. Miran is.a lunatic-the visitor to Gladesville, who has curiosity to gratify, may have an opportunity of seeing her, but she seldom speaks to any one ; her mind seems quite gone save on one point her child-which night or day is the subject of her lamentations. On the conclusion of the young lady's narrative, there was a pause of some duration, unbroken by remark. , "Really, now," began the nervous gentleman "a most sad-" When all eyes were turned to our host and the clock. The former was glancing at the latter, which was just preparing to strike. " You may look after your luggage, miss and gentlemen," laughed the landlord, " Dick Whippersley isn't far off. " The words were hardly out of his lips before the jovial-looking clock chimed the hour, and mingling with the sound, we heard the noise of wheels. The mail had arrived, and in five minutes we were leaving Hollybush Inn far in : the distance, heartily echoing the sentiments of our host " A MERRY CTIRTSTMAS AND A HAITY NKW YRAU TO US ALL ! " 