THE HUMAN REMAINS FOUND AT STANHOPE ADJOURNED INQUEST On Saturday morning at ten o'clook the inquest, held before the coroner, T. W. Pearse, Esq., touching the human remains lately found at Stanhope , and supposed to be portions of the skeleton of Mr. Robert Charles, was resumed. The inquiry continued during the whole of the day with the exception of two short intervals for refreshment, until a few minutes before mid- night, when it was adjourned until yesterday (Monday) evening; at six o'clock. There were a good many persons present during the whole time; evidently taking much interest in the pro- ceedings, and towards evening, the billiard-room at Mr. Tuck's Commercial Hotel, where the inquest was held, was even inconveniently crowded. A sketch of the locality where) the remains were found, compiled by Mr. William White from the descrip- tions -of the witnesses, which, although not pretended to pourtray accurately the spot, yet served to show clearly the relative positions in which the skull, the rest of the skeleton, and the gun were found, was placed before the jury, and was examined with much attention. We subjoin the evidence taken. Elizabeth Parkins, residing at Stanhope, de- posed that she saw Robert Charles on Easter Monday, four years ago ; she saw a person assist- ing Mr. Johnson in splitting, and her little boy told her it was Robert Charles ; it was then very early in the morning, just daylight; about the latter part of the week she heard that Charles was missing ; her house was just opposite to that of Johnson ; she was Johnson's next neighbour; she did not see Mr. Charles going out with a gun that morning ; she could not swear of her own knowledge that Charles was one of the men that she saw that morning, as they were a quarter of a mile away, but she was sure that Johnson was one of the men ; there was no one else helping John- son at the time that she knew of ; she had never heard of any row between Johnson and Charles. Constable Edward Grennan stated that he re- membered searching in the locality of the Tan- gorin Mountain, about four years ago, for a missing person called Mr. Charles; he was then stationed at Lochinvar, and he received in- structions from Sergeant Kerrigan to go in search of the missing man on the night of April 5,1866 : he went that night, and continued the search until the 14th day of the same month; during that time he was on one occasion in com- pany with Johnson, Mooney, and others ; they were then in the neighbourhood of the Sandy Creek Waterholes, towards which the party were then proceeding ; Johnson said, " It is no b---- use searching, he will never turn up;" John- son's manner was then very uneasy, and witness called Mooney's attention to the words he used ; on a subsequent day witness asked Mooney why he was not out searching, when the latter replied, " What is the use of searching after what Johnson said;" witness requested Mooney not to lose sight of the words that Johnson had used ; on another occasion when Johnson was in company with witness, Johnson asked him for permission to go down the mountain, to see if Mr. Colyer had come, and witness said he might ; Johnson went and presently returned, saying that there was no news. One evening when witness was returning in company with Johnson, the latter remarked that it was very curious that Mr. Charles should have left a pound, just the very amount that would have to be paid for the gun. Between the time when the search was discontinued on the 14th April, 1866, and the 19th of the same month, witness saw John- son in front of his house ; Johnson said in a very excited manner " What's up;" witness replied, " Nothing ;" Johnson then said that whenever he saw any of those chaps (the police) he thought there was something up ; Mrs. Johnson then came out and interrupted the conversation by telling, her husband to hurry with the corn, or he would be too late ; Johnson said nothing for a- while, but afterwards said that if a reward was offered Charles might perhaps turn up. On another occasion witness saw Johnson passing through Lochinvar, and Johnson said to him, "I heard from a friend that Charles was in Cali- fornia ; a letter came from a man in California to a friend in Sydney that Charles, the missing man from Maitland, was there." In January, 1868, witness was collecting the Electoral Roll and went to Johnson's; Mrs. Johnson told wit- ness that Charles had turned up in Ireland ; she said a man had met Johnson on the road, and told him that Charles was at home now, that they (the Johnsons) had intended to leave Stanhope before that occurred, and Johnson's mind now being easy they were more than ever inclined to leave. One day during the search Johnson asked witness whether he had said that be had seen Charles's ghost on the night that he had slept in his (Johnson's) place ; witness told him not to mind such yarns ; whenever wit- ness.wes talking with Johnson on the subject of Mr. Charles, Mrs. Johnson always interfered, and seemed to try to break off the conversation; wit- ness had never said to any person that he saw Charles's ghost ; witness had understood that Johnson was uncle to Charles; he had never heard Johnson say that there was any property belonging to Charles ; witness was with the party that searched the Sandy Creek, and he believed they went through it about three or four yards apart; it seemed to him that Johnson was more and more disinclined to leave his busi- ness to aid in the search every day. Robert Bolland deposed that he knew Mr. Charles about four years ago ; having heard that Charles was missing, witness assisted in the search ; he heard on a Wednesday morning, from Mr. Rocklifie's little boy, that Charles was mis- sing : the boy told witness that his father had sent him to Johnson's to borrow some caps, but Mr. Charles had gone out with the caps into the bush ; witness wanted to get some clue as to the way in which Mr. Charles had gone ; Johnson wanted to advertise for the missing man, but witness advised him to inform the police ; Johnson showed great apathy in the search ; witness thought at first that Mr. Charles had met with some accident, as he knew that Charles was in the habit of using the heads of matches instead of caps ; the search, was continued day after day ; there were parties came up from Maitland to search ; wit- ness continued the search by himself afterwards, but without success- Witness had but very little conversation with Johnson about the matter ; Johnson said it was a hard case that the world should look upon him with suspicion ; witness told him to look dispassionately at all the facts, and he would see that the world must have great suspicion ; witness met Johnson on one of the days returning from the search ; Johnson said, .' It is of no use searching for him, Mr. Bolland, for you will not find him above ground ;" witness said, " Well then he must be under the ground ;" Johnson then turned away and left, as though he felt be had committed himself. Witness had since then frequently searched through the deepest recesses of the bush in that locality, but found nothing of Mr. Charles; witness did not know exactly where the remains were found, but be had fre- quently been up and down the Sandy Creek during the last four years. Witness heard that Johnson had, some time previous to the loss of Mr. Charles, expressed a strong desire to possess the novel called Eugene Aram, and that be had, in fact, obtained the work; while the searoh was going on witness was in Johnson's house, with constable Leonard, and he got pos- session of the book, when he found that the portion of the work which relates to the finding of the body, and Eugene Aram's defence, was very dirty and worn, and bore marks of having been much studied ; that cir- cumstance having occurred before the disap- pearance of Mr. Charles caused some suspicion in the mind of witness. Witness heard Johnson say to other persons that it was no use searching for the body ; witness was always upon friendly terms with Johnson, and was prompted only by the common feelings of humanity in taking such an interest in the case ; the general sup- position of the neighbours was that Charles had been made away with, and all the circumstances seemed to point to Johnson. Witness was an perative chemist by profession ; he examined the skull produced, and also the gun produced ; in his opinion if a person committed suicide with that gun the muzzle would have fallen towards the body, and not from it. Witness thought that if the body had been in Sandy Creek at the time of the search it would have been found ; he did not think that any intelligent young person could have been lost in the bush at that place ; Mr. Charles was of a quiet, though cheerful disposition; he did not appear to be a person likely to commit suicide ; he had high cheek- bone, the cheek bones of the skull produoed were' also prominent; the skull was evidently that of a young person ; no person could have received a wound such as that in the skull pro- duced, and then have thrown the gun any dis- tance away; witness thought it very improbable that Mr. Charles would have gone out shooting that morning, especially after splitting wood as he had to go into Maitland that day. Witness never heard of any dispute be- tween Johnson and Charles ; Johnson was generally a disputatious man ; while searching Johnson showed a foregone con- clusion that the body would never be found; witness had heard from Mr. Taylor that John- son had said that he had heard from Charles, and that he was going to take some action against him for causing so muoh trouble ; in the opinion of witness the hole in the skull pro- duced was either made by a ball or by a wire cartridge ; he was of opinion that the missile entered the sknll from the front ; he did not suppose that a young man who wanted to go by the train that day would go out shooting and leave his watch at home ; Mrs. Johnson seemed very indifferent during the search ; the only anxiety evinced by the Johnsons appeared to be to get rid of the search ; the place where the remains were found was in an opposite direction to that Mr. Charles must have taken to go towards the train. William Harris said he was four years ago in the police force stationed at Branxton; about that time, on Easter Tuesday, Mr Johnson gave him information that a person named Robert Charles was lost in the bush at Tangorin ; he said Charles went out, saying be was going out for an hour's shooting, and he would not be longer, as be had to return to Maitland by the train; Johnson said that Charles must have lost himself in the bush, for he had left his waistcoat, watch, a pound note, and a pair of boots behind him; Johnson said he had been out all day looking for him, and he felt very much fatigued, and his horse was knocked up ; witness understood that Johnson had been to post a letter to sergeant Kerrigan ; Johnson then went away, and witness went out on the following morning to Stanhope; Johnson showed witness the waistcoat, watch, pound note, and the boots; witness made inqniries about the missing man of all the people in the neighbourhood, but none of them had seen him on that morning ; the only information he could get was that one man had heard two shots fired in that direction on that morning; the police then came, and witness joined in the search. Johnson seemed much excited when be first came and gave witness information ; during the search Johnson frequently said to witness that it was no use looking for the missing man; when Johnson was with the searching party he seemed to hang back ; witness knew the Sandy Waterhole Creek; the vines there are very peculiar ; that creek was searched, but owing to the thickness of the vegetation it may not have been so thoroughly searched as other places ; Johnson did not ask witness to go out on the night that be reported the matter first, nor did he seem anxious that witness should go; while searching the Sandy Creek with a blackfellow they observed two hawks hovering about; the blackfellow searched the creek for about an hour, but found nothing. Senior-sergeant Thomas Kerrigan then de- posed that on the 4th April, 1866, he received information through Mr. Colyer, he believed, about the missing man, Mr. Charles ; on the next day Mr. Colyer came to him, and witness believed that Johnson also came that day ; they reported that a young man, named Robert Charles, an assistant teacher at Mr. Colyer's school, went to spend his Easter holidays at Mr. Johnson's place, Stanhope, that he went out on the Monday for the purpose of shooting, and that he was to return in order to proceed from Branxton to Maitland by the afternoon train, and that he had not since been seen or heard of; witness felt astonished that Johnson should have permitted such a delay before he made his report; Johnson said he had reported the matter to the constable at Branxton ; on the following Saturday witness went to Stan- hope in company with several volunteers from Maitland, from forty to sixty in number; the search was kept up for several days, but without success; Johnson appeared to witness to be the most reluctant in the party ; witness spoke to him several times about his neglect in the first instance, and from Johnson's answers witness strongly suspected there had been foul play; witness sometimes entered into conversation on the sub- ject with Johnson in the presence of his wife, and whenever Johnson appeared to be rather hard pushed Mrs. Johnson seemed to try to put an end to the conversation ; in consequence of his suspicions witness directed some of the police to be in ambush, and keep a watch upon John- son and his wife; witness caused a great portion of the floor of Johnson's hut to be dug up, also the fire place, stock-yard, pig- stye, and cow-bail, to try and find if the body had been buried ; witness afterwards got some rods of iron, with which he searched the bed of a neighbour- ing creek, by prodding the earth as far as the iron would go down ; before the searoh was con- cluded the persons who were most anxious in it seemed to Johnson as his greatest enemies; when fresh parties came from Maitland to join in the search, both Johnson and his wife would get greatly excited, and Johnson, on one occasion, said he was greatly astonished that the Maitland people should take such an interest in it. Witness went out on Monday last, in com pany with the coroner, Dr. Pierce, Mr. Tuck, and others, to see the spot where the remains were found, and to bring in the remaining por- tion of the body ; witness saw the spot where it was supposed the body had decayed, also the place where the gun was found ; the stock of the gun, as witness was told, was about four feet from where the corpse had lain, and the muzzle of the gun from the head of the corpse measured about seven feet ; there were two saplings growing between the body and the gun, which must have been growing there long before the body came there ; witness believed that if a person had committed suicide with that gun, the muzzle would have been facing him ; it would have fallen towards the corpse, but in no case could a person have thrown the gun away after discharging the shot through his head; witness looked at the skull produced, and was of opinion that no one could say whether the hole in the front of the skull was made by shot or by a bullet ; witness did not think it was a bullet that made the hole in the back of the skull ; the ramrod could not have possibly made those holes ; witness tried the gun after it was found, and saw that it had been discharged; witness did not think that death was caused either by suicide or by an accident, if the body when found had lain in the position pointed out to him ; when witness first went out to Johnson's house he saw a waistcoat watch, and a pound note, which Johnson said belonged to Charles ; witness took charge of them, but Johnson said he was entitled to the pound note, as it would be required to pay for the gun ; that property remained in the hands of the police until it was given up to the Rev. W. K. Colyer, for.the purpose of forwarding it home to Charles's father ; it would have been possible, supposing a person had shot himself, for native dogs to have dragged the body away from the gun ; witness understood Johnson to say that Charles went out between nine and eleven o'clock in the morning. The Rev. W. K. Colyer then deposed that he was head master of the West Maitland Grammar School ; about four years and a half ago he had an assistant teacher in the school named Robert Charles, who was recommended to witness by the Rev. Thomas Smith, of Sydney ; Charles came up to Maitland in December, 1865 ; he told witness that he had some friends at Stanhope, and as it was the Christmas holidays, witness gave him permission to go and spend some time with them; he came back on the day before school re- opened, and on the following day the school work commenced ; witness and Charles got on very well together ; witness found him a very steady, quiet, young man, and he was very well satisfied with him ; witness found that Charles was very poor, and frequently advanced him money on account of his salary during the quarter; witness found that Charles had pawned his watcb, and gave him money to redeem it ; on the Thursday before the Easter holiday Charles asked for permis- sion to go out and visit his friends at Stanhope; witness gave him permission, with the understanding that he was to return on the Monday evening, in order to resume school duties on Easter Tuesday ; on that Thursday night witness paid Charles the balance due to him on account of his salary, about four pounds ; on that day Mrs. Lowe came to see witness, and he introduced Mr. Charles to her; it appeared that they both came from the same locality in Ireland, and Mrs. Lowe invited him to go and spend the Monday evening at her house ; Charles did not come home on the Monday evening, nor on the Tuesday, although witness anxiously expected him ; on Wednesday witness received a letter [marked A] from Johnson as follows ;- "Stanhope, April 30, 1866.-Dear Sir-I am sorry I have to inform you that Robert Charles went on Monday morn- ing after breakfast with the gun, and was not seen since. I feel sorry for your inconvenience, as he said he was to return by Monday evening's train, - Your obedient ser- vant, John Johnson." Witness reported the matter almost immediately to the police; be afterwards saw Sergeant Kerrigan about the matter, who told him he had sent a man out ; Johnson came in and saw witness either on the Thursday or, Friday ; witness went out himself on Saturday and Sunday, and a more horrible place than the ridges about there he never saw in his life; witness always said, and still thought, that an accident had occurred,and that Charles did not lie many miles from that place ; the searching having gone on for some time without result, witness wrote to the father of Mr. Charles, and in due course received an answer. (In this letter Mr. Charles, senior, expressed his thanks to Mr. Col- yer for the interest he had manifested in his son's fate, and expressed a hope that the latter might yet prove to be alive, and requested Mr. Colyer, in the event of his obtaining any farther information, to let him know). Witness again wrote to Mr. Charles, sen, after some time had elapsed, to say that no news had been received of Robert Charles. (Witness then read the reply of Mr. Charles sen., in which he said that being now doubtful whether his son would ever turn up, he would allow his clothes to John Johnson, he being a relative ; his books he al- lowed to Mr. Colyer, in testimony of his grati- tude for that gentleman's kindness towards his son ; the watch he desired to have sent to him, to be kept in the family as a momento of his lost son, and he enclosed directions as to how it was to be sent, the'postage, &c.;, to be paid out of the pound his son had left). Witness packed the watch as re- quested, and forwarded it, but bad received no answer; Mr. Charles's box was opened in the pre- sence of the Rev. J. R. Thackeray, Mr. Chippen- dall, and sergeant Kerrigan ; there was nothing in it of any consequence ; witness kept one or two of the books, and the box was then fastened up; witness also found the photograph of Mr. Charles in the box, which be kept out, and now produced ; Charles looked rather older than the portrait, but otherwise it was an excellent like- ness ; after the box was fastened up it was put away, and it was lost along with two or three other boxes and a basket belonging to witness in the flood of 1867 ; during this week witness received the following letter (marked E) from Johnson.-" Sydney, June 29,1870. Dear sir -If I can trouble a friend to look after and let me know anything of importance that would concern me or my family as the put (sic) very sore on me. Thank God he has oome to light, it is a consolation to those that upheld for me and family. Robert Charles and me are first cousins. Mr. Colyer be so kind as to for- ward to me to (sic) any information or any in- quiries that is made. I wish you to have to to me (sic) all things pertaining to him. The gun is mine, for I give Mr. Peebles 15s. worth of potatoes after I heard he asked sergeant Ker- rigan for the value of it; Mr. Colyer please to have all belonging to him sent to me to Sydney. I would be up but my present situation I can- not get away as it appeared in Evening News 28 June. Yours, John Johnson." Witness always believed Johnson innocent of anything like foul play in the matter ; he could not see any motive whatever for foul play; witness did not remember any peculiarity in Mr. Charles's mode of walking ; witness thought the clothes Mr. Charles wore when he left his place were some- thing like the fragments of tweed produced ; witness was of opinion that the skull produced was the skull of Mr. Charles; witness did not believe that Charles was very expert in shooting ; while with him Charles was always punctual in his habits.; witness saw a paragraph in the Ensign newspaper, which stated' that Mr. Charles had been heard of in California; witness went to the office of that paper, and found out that Mr. Thomas Ledsam had given the infor- mation on which that paragraph was based; Mr. Charles was about twenty-one years old; the de- scription of his appearance in the Police Gazette produced is tolerably correct, except that witness would estimate Mr. Charles height at five feet five inches, and not five feet six inches as stated in the Police Gazette. . Dr. John Pierce then deposed : I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, practising in West Maitland; on Monday morning, the 27th of June, I proceeded in company with the coroner, Senior-sergeant Kerrigan, and others to Sandy Water-hole Brush, situated in the Tangorin mountains ; having descended a deep gully, I was shown a number of human bones which were collected into a heap, and placed upon a boulder ; I then examined in and about the vicinity of the place, and succeeded in find- ing some portions of wearing apparel, also some decayed matter, and amongst tbe debris I also found one of the cervical vertebras and the first rib ; the skull and a couple of the long bones had been brought into town previous to my visit ; I examined them at the police station ; I was also shown a long rusty fowling-piece, which was said to have been picked up near the remains of the deceased ; I had all the bones collected, and brought to Maitland ; I have since examined them carefully ; I find a large opening, with clean edges and well defined, situated in the os frontis,immediately above tbe nose: the poste- rior portion of the parietal bone is missing, and at the upper edge, just near the suture, and a little to the right of the centre, a half-moon shaped orifice exists, corresponding in direction with the wound that is in front; there is a frac- ture of the left parietal bone, extending down- wards and backwards for about four inches ; in the remaining portion of the right parietal bone a fracture two inches in length runs downwards and forwards; nearly the whole of the right temporal bone, the zygoma, superior maxilla, outer wall, and part of the floor of the orbit, on the right side, are also missing ; there are nine teeth in the upper jaw, the remaining seven are missing ; the inferior maxilla is in a perfect state of preservation ; it contains seven teeth, and fits into the articulation perfectly; I am quite satisfied that it belongs to the skull I have just described; the left femur or thigh bone is nearly erfect, the right has suffered much from exposure, especially the articular ends, which, being naturally soft and porous, may have been attacked by native dogs; the condyles (internal and external) of both femurs have either de- cayed or been eaten away ; the hip bones (itrum, ischium, and pubis) are more or less complete ; the sacrum is perfect ; a portion of the right scapula or shoulder-blade is forthcoming ; the left is missing ; both the small bones of the leg are complete ; part of the right tibia, small portion of right radius, also thirteen ribs, are in a good state of preservation; nine vertebrae were also picked up, one of which was found within a few feet of where the gun was dis- covered ; amongst the debris were found small portions of wearing apparel, and a, quantity of decayed matter ; there was not a sufficient quantity of earth in or about the place to bury a dead body; I consider the body was placed in the position where the remains were found, basing that opinion upon the fact that I not only found his clothing there, but also part of his body, to wit, one of his cervical vertebrae ; I have examined the gun shown to me at the police station; I have also read a description of the deceased in the Police Gazette, and I find therefrom that he was a man of five feet six inches high; from the length of the gun, and the direction the ball took, I am positive that the deceased could not have produced the wound in his skull with the gun I examined ; I consider the wound in the skull to have been produced by a bullet and not by shot; I do not think deceased could have shot himself, either accidentally or intentionally ; my conclusion is that there was a second person in the affair; from the appearance of the skull, I should say that the cheek bone was broken off after death probably it decayed from the skull having rested on that side; a shot striking on the forehead, and making its exit by the back of the head, would cause larger hole in front than behind, as the bones at the back would give way to some ex- tent; from the position of the remains when found I am of opinion that the head lay up-hill; I do not think deceased could have shot himself and have afterwards thrown the gun away ; native dogs would have been more likely to have dragged the body down hill than upwards ; one arm bone was broken, but I could not say whether it was done before or after death ; the debris on the rock I think indicates that the body had decom- posed there; the rim of the hat was there also ; the appearances on the skull oould not have been produced by a charge of shot; they must have been produced by a bullet or some solid missile ; I do not think the ramrod of the gun could have produced such appearances. William Birkenhead deposed that he joined in the search for Mr. Charles about four years ago ; he left Maitland on the Saturday afternoon, in company with Mr. Wolstenholme and Mr. Nott, and they arrived at Johnson's house at Stanhope about eleven o'clock at night; Johnson and his wife were in bed; witness and his companions knocked at the door for some time before they gained admittance; they told Johnson they had come out in search I of Charles; it was too late to go out that I night, so they asked Johnson to give them a bed, I which he did after some demur ; from that time until morning Mrs. Johnson was up and at work making butler ; on the Sunday witness and his companions were out all day searching, after having had breakfast at Johnson's ; they were not successful in their search ; in their way out on Saturday they called at Mr. M'Donald's store, at Branxton, and Mr. M'Donald told them that Mr. Charles had called there and-bought some powder and shot a few days before; in the opinion of witness the manner of Mrs. Johnson was somewhat excitable. James Dean deposed that he was not in Mait- land at the time when Mr. Charles was missed ; he heard of it after be returned ; he was then in ill-health, and he went to stay at Mr. Peebles's, at Stanhope, to recruit his health ; while there he heard of the missing man, the search, and the fact that strong suspicion rested on Johnson; witness had known Johnson pre- viously; on one occasion witness went to Johnson's house, in company with Mr. Peebles ; Johnson opened a conversation by saying to witness that he was not there with the mob that came a short time ago; Johnson said that Mr Cracknell had been there among the mob ; Johnson pointed to the fireplace, and said it had been dug up at the suggestion of Mr. Cracknell, but they found nothing ; he also said that witness's flash brother-in law (meaning Mr. John Tuck) had as much as told him to his face that he (Johnson) was the murderer; Johnson said that be (Mr. Tuck) might thank his stars that some one was with him when he said that, or he might have been one; Johnson then said that Charles must have gone away somewhere and shot himself ; witness asked if be meant that he had shot himself by suicide or by misadventure, and his reasons ; witness pointed out how unlikely it was that a young man with a situation to go to, and a watch and a pound in his pocket, should commit suicide ; Johnson said that Charles might have run away, but he thought he was comfortable enough with Mr. Colyer, and he had not heard him make any complaints ; Johnson asked if witness knew Charles, and began to describe him ; during the description witness stopped him, as he thought he had seen a person who answered the I description on the Clarence River; witness suggested that he should write to a Mr. Chapman, who had had more conversation than he had with the person alluded to ; Johnson said, " It is of no use writing, he will never be found ;" witness asked what motive could people suppose he (Johnson) could have for killing Charles; Johnson replied, none whatever - what was a pound or the watch to him; witness then asked why the people of Stanhope had such a down upon him; Johnson said it was because he bad not given timely informa- tion to the police -but he said how could he when he had been out searching in the bush for two days with Fred. Jones, and that Jones had then advised him to go and give information to the police; witness again expressed his convic- tion that the man he had seen on the Clarence River was Charles, and once more offered to write; Johnson again said it was of no use, as Charles would not be found; witness said you are living under the stigma of being a murderer, and when a friend offers to write to clear the matter up you throw cold water npon it ; witness then said he would write for his own satisfaction ; Johnson said he could do so if he liked. A short time afterwards witness met Jones at Glendon Brook, and Jones said that suspicion seemed to attach to Johnson because he did not give immediate information to the police ; Jones said that he had not been out searching with Johnson at all, although he had met him on one occasion when out searching with other parties. Witness afterwards heard from Sydney that the person he had seen on the Clarence was not Charles ; wit- ness showed the letter to Johnson, who said " I told you it was of no use writing ;" witness said, " If that is all the thanks one gets it is no wonder if one holds the same opinion as Johnny Tuck;" Johnson made no answer to that. Some time afterwards witness was in con- versation with constable Grennan at Peebles's, when be related the conversation he had had with Johnson ; Grennan advised witness to make a few memoranda of the conversations allluded to, which witness did Witness next saw Johnson in West Maitland, when Johnson said the mys- tery was all solved about Charles; he said there was a paragraph in the paper showing that Charles had turned np in California; witness said that Charles deserved to be well punished ; Johnson replied that if he had the means he would bring him back and punish him for all the annoyance he (Johnson) had received; Johnson said Grennan was a very smart man, but he had all his trouble for nothing. Witness knew the gun produced ; it used to be at Peebles's, and witness had often shot with it; it had only a bush-made ramrod, and the lock was out of order. Witness found out that Mr. Ledsam had given information upon which the paragraph in the paper before alluded to was founded; witness afterwards saw Mr. Ledsam, who said he had got the information from Mr. Johnson himself. Samuel Ingram slated that he was a pawn- broker, residing in West Maitland; on the 11th January, 1866, a person named Robert Charles pledged with witness one three-quarter plate geneva watch, and redeemed it on the 19th January; on the 13th January he also pledged three books ; on the latter occasion witness had some conversation with Charles ; Charles said that he had to stay in the town that night, and he wanted a few shillings to pay his lodging ; he said he was looking for a billet, and asked wit- ness if he knew of one ; he said he could do almost anything in scholarship, and witness advised him to go to some of the leading people, such as Mr. Capper, Mr. Vindin, or Mr. Colyer, who might probably get him a billet; Charles said he was living with some friends in the country ; witness oould not remember whether he said it was with his uncle ; he said his friends seemed to turn the cold shoulder towards him, and he would have to do something for himself; witness was not quite sure, but he thought Charles said he had had some quarrel with his uncle, or with his friends ; the time for which the books were pledged had expired, but wit- ness did not sell the books, he kept them; witness did not remember telling Sergeant Ker- rigan that Charles said he had had a quarrel with his relations and was afraid to go back ; witness had not been speaking to Johnson that day ; witness did not tell Mr. Edmunds on the previous day that Charles had stated when he pledged his books that he wanted to stay in town that night, because his uncle had held out a threat to him. Martin George Richardson, re-called, stated that he had given evidence in this inquiry before; he was bound over to appear again that morning ; he left Newcastle that morning by the first train ; Mr. Mullen was in the same compartment of the train; they had some conversation together about the finding of the skull; Mr. Mul- len gave his opinion that the man was shot, and not by his own hand; a woman who was on the other side of the compartment said it was a wise man who would prove it. [Mr. and Mrs. Johnson were here called in.] That woman (Mrs. Johnson) is tbe woman who made that remark; that man (Mr. Johnson) sat alongside of me in the compartment of the train; the remark was made in the hearing of Johnson, but he said nothing. John Johnson deposed: I was a farmer, re- siding at Stanhope, some four years ago; I knew Robert Charles ; he was my first cousin ; I did not know him until he made himself known to me, in the early part of November, 1865; Charles stopped at my place from that time until about the Monday or Tues- day after the Saturday when he came he came back that same night, and he stopped with me until some time in December, when he went into Maitland to see Mr. Colyer, to know if the place was still vacant; I should have said before that when Charles first came to me he said he was going to Mr. Colyer ; I sup- plied him with a horse, saddle, and bridle, and a shilling to pay the toll-bar, when he went in to see Mr. Colyer; in January 1866 I saw him as far as Mr. Colyer's house, and saw him go in ; I saw him again some six or seven weeks after- wards; he came to my place on a Saturday evening, I believe, and stopped till the following Monday ; he then went back by the train ; I did not see him again before Easter, but I got a letter-to say he would be up to see me. The next time I saw him was on the Thursday even- ing before Good Friday ; he came in and lifted down a gun I had there, belonging to David Peebles, and said he waa going out to shoot a 'possum ; the gun produced I should say is the same ; if it is and the pin is taken out there should he a pieceof leather to tighten it in ; it had a com- mon ramrod, the same as any other gun ; it was not a bush-made ramrod, but the one originally belonging to the gun ; it was after dark when Charles went out; I believe my son Thomas went with him. On the Good Friday I believe Charles was reading all day, and I was at my ordinary work. On the Saturday he went out shooting. On the Sunday we did not go to church, nor did Charles go out to see the neigh- bours that I know of; he was in all day as far as I know; he said he had to leave for Maitland by the afternoon train on Monday ; in order to catch that train he would have to leave my house about twelve or one o'clock. I was stirring that morning about six'o'olock; he went out shooting with this gun before breakfast ; the family had their breakfast about eight o'olock ; Charles was not in then, but he came in after- wards, and had his breakfast by himself; he was a very short time over his breakfast, and I then saw him take the gun and go away; he was dressed in a dark brown'coat, and dark doeskin trousers; he was generally dressed in dark clothes ; I wondered that he did not take his waistcoat with him ; I was working at some bullock-yokes ; as he passed me he said, " If you were in Ireland, John, what would ' that pjece of wood cost you ?" I said,' " Five or Six ' shillings ;" he said, " Here you. can go and out it for nothing ; " I was working all the morning in front of the house at the bollock-yokes; he did not work with me at all that morning; I was splitting that morning about half past nine, but not earlier ; I do not suppose that a person at Parkins's place could have thought there were two persons when there was only one ; the only person who assisted me that morn- ing was my son Thomas; I was splitting slabs ' all the rest of the day; when Charles passed me after breakfast he took a northerly direction ; he appeared to go up towards Tangorin Moun- tain; the road he took was about thirty or forty rods from Mrs. Parkins'; house Mrs. Parkins's house is not a quarter of a mile from my place; I never told any one in this inquiry that I saw him go beyond Mrs. Parkins's ; I never. said I saw him go any other way than up this road ; I said so to sergeant Kerrigan, constable Leonard, and some gentlemen from Maitland; I was always anxious to afford every information to the parties searching for Mr. Charles. In order to get his dinner and go ' by the train Mr. Charles should have been back by twelve o'olock that morning; he did not come back then, nor did he come back that night ; he was always punctual in his engagements, so far as I know ; he said he wanted to be in Maitland by the evening train in order to see some friend, as the school would open on the Tuesday morn- ing; I first began to think he was lost on the Tuesday morning ; on that morning I went out for more slabs, and was working at them till dinner-time ; I went to bed on Monday night about my usual time-nine o'olock; on the Tues- day afternoon I wrote a letter to Mr. Colyer, which I took to Branxton and posted ; the letter: produced (marked A) is the one I refer to ; while in Branxton I reported to constable Harris that Charles was missing, and I thought it verystrange; I did not post a letter to sergeant Kerrigan at that time, nor did I tell Harris that I had done so. On the Tues- day Mr. Rockliffe came to my place to ask for some caps; I went over to Rockliffe,s place and told Mr. Rockliffe that Robert Charles went'out on the Monday morning and had not returned ; ' I said if he was going out shooting I would go along with him ; he asked if I was taking it so cool as that; I said I did not know what to think of it, because he had not come home ; Mr. Rockliffe suggested that he should get Robert Bolland to go along with him, and I was to go and give notice to the neighbours and have a search made; I might have said I was sorry to go to raise such a hubbub about nothing; I said that as he and Bol- land were making one party, I would go round and make a search at Glendon Brook ; I might have told Mr. Rockliffe that he might call the neighbours together, but I would not ; I said that I did not think it was any use looking for him if he could not make his way out of the bush, for some day when he (Rockliffe) or some one else were going after cattle they would come across his bones. Why I made that remark was because one day Charles said he wished he knew a place where he could go where no one would ever see him, for he was tired of this weary life ; I swear positively he used those words; I did not give this information before, because I did not think it was required; there was no one else present when he made use of those words ; we were in my own paddock at the time I was out searching on the Wednesday; I came into Maitland on the Thursday morning, having called on Mr. Harris, at Branxton, on my way ; I went to see whether he had any information, or if he knew whether I could get a black tracker in Maitland ; I was out on one occasion on Tangorin Mountain with constable Grennan and Mr. Mooney ; I may have said it was no b-- use looking, for he will never turn up, hut I do not recollect using those words; I do not remember Mooney say- ing, " If that is the case I shall come out no more;" I remember the Saturday when Mr. Birkenhead, Mr. Nott, and Mr. Wolstenholme came to my house ; I do not know that they were knocking for a very long while ; if I was reluctant to admit them, it was because my wife and children had but very little clothing ; my wife stopped up that night churning, for about an hour and a half in order that the gentlemen might have some butter for their breakfast; on Easter Sunday evening I was talking with Charles, but we had no quarrel ; Charles was talking about a church, i and about the rector of the parish of Kildress, Ireland; Charles said that he (the rector) was no clergyman ; I said shame on-him to say so ; Charles said he (the rector) should have re-, ceived him (Charles) better when he called upon him for references when he was going out to New Zealand ; Charles said, " He (the rector) knew my father and mother very well, but it is the rottenness of the church ;" when he sald that the wife called me away; I thought Charles was weak in his mind for saying such things; there was no further quarrel between us; the reason I would not agree that Rockliffe should call the neighbours to search 'for Charles was because I was unable to recompense them for searching; I know constable Grennan, but I am not quite sure I should know him out of his uniform ; Grennan was collecting the electoral roll in 1866 ; he came to my place, and something was said between as as to the remains of the missing man not turning up; Grennan came to my place soon after the search was given up; I might have spoken to him in an excited state, and I might have said that whenever I saw any of those chaps I wondered what was up ; I do not recollect what was said on that occasion; on the Monday when Mr. Charles was missing, and on that part of the Tuesday, I was at my regular work ; I was not out searching on those two days; I did not see Jones until the Wednesday ", I did not tell Har- ris that I had been searching on Monday and Tuesday in company with Jones; I know Mr.' James Dean; he was at Peebles's some time after Mr. Charles was missed; I had some conversation with Dean about Charles; he said that there was a man along with him on the Clarence River boat, who answered nearly to the descrip- tion of Charles; he said he had seen a man very like him with me ; he said he did not know where the man was, but he would write to a Mr. Chapman about it ; he did so in my presence ; I afterwards saw the answer he got ; I told Dean that the neighbours blamed me because I did not give information earlier; I did not tell Mr. Dean that I was out on the Monday and Tuesday with Jones. I know Henry Gurr ; he assisted in searching for Charles, and he after- wards went up the country ; I remember Gurr asking me whether I had any word of my friend ; I told him I had not ; I did not tell Gurr that I had heard from a friend in California that Mr. Charles was there all right. Some time in 1867 I called at the Ensign office, in West Maitland, about a paragraph that had appeared in that paper. I know the Sandy Waterhole Creek ; I have been up there some fifty times since Mr. Charles-was lost ; I was never in the bed of the creek before Mr. Charles was lost, but I often went up tbe ridges on each side of the creek ; I went there afterwards because I thought it was there his remains would be found; I always fancied that Charles had committed suicide ; I took a lively interest in looking for him even after the searoh was con- cluded ; when Charles (came to my place on the Thursday he brought with him some pow- der, shot, and caps ; I always used to keep that gun in my place ; I had no other fire-arms whatever: I had no bullets in the place ; I never fired a bullet but once since I was in the colony, and that was in 1855 or 1856 ; I never went out shooting with ball ; I look at the powder flask produced, and I do not remember ever seeing it before ; I look at the cap-box produced ; I remember that-it was my own property; it was that, or one like that, Mr. Charles had with him when he went out shooting ; Charles had a particular way of walking; he leaned on the inside of the heels of his boots ; I look at the sole produced, and I think if it had belonged to Charles it would have gone down more at the side of the heel; I look at the photograph produced; it -resembles my cousin ; I look at the skull pro- duced ; I cannot tell whether it would be like the skull of Mr. Charles ; his head was a very peculiar one; he was very fond of shooting, but I do not, think he ever brought home any game ; the spring of the gun was very weak, and, often it would not split the cap ; if anyone says the gun would not go off without holding back the cock they say what is wrong; Charles did not seem timid about go- ing into the bush ; I have read a book called Eugene Aram: it often occurred to me that Charles was as likely to meet his death by star- vation as by any other way, but I thought he had committed suicide for the reason I have be- fore given, and because some of his family were that way inclined ; when Charles was last at, my place he wore a round hat, with some green stuff on the brim; he carried his powder and shot in two tin flasks ; if Mr. Dean says I did not wish him to write to Mr. Chapman he says what is not true ; I heard from Dr. Hartigan that Charles was in Ireland, but I said it would prove like the report of his being in California; 'when I came to Lochinvar I told Grennan that Charles was in Ireland because I fully believed what Dr. Hartigan had told me ; I was not aware that Charles had pledged his watch, until I heard of it from M'Cord, a dealer; it was before Christmas when Charles made use of the words about wishing to be never more heard of; I cannot say whether I saw Grennan in Lochin- var before or after I went to Sydney with a cow ; it was after I spoke to Gurr that I saw the paragraph in the paper; I never said that I received a letter, or that a friend of mine re- ceived a letter ; it was my sister that first told me about the paragraph being in tbe paper ; I cannot recollect the date of the paper in which it appeared ; I always made search whenever I went up by Sandy Waterhole Creek; I always looked for the remains of Mr. Charles up to the time when I left for Sydney; it was about three or four months before I went to Sydney that Dr. Hartigan told me that Charles was at home in Ireland ; I looked for the remains even after that; my reason was because I believed that the rumor, like the other, would turn out to be nothing; it was after the para- graph appeared in the newspaper that I applied to the Government for a billet on the railway ; neither my wife nor any of the family had any quarrel with Charles ; I never told the police I did not know which way Charles went ; I was very poor when I lived out fhere; the reason I wanted a bullet to shoot Thunderbolt if he came was because I had a horse to lose ; I wanted a bullet to fit the, gun, and I did not particularly want it to shoot Thun- derbolt; I never mentioned the conver- sation about the suicide before to-night ; I have often recollected it before; . I never spoke of it, although I, now see that it is important; I swear I never asked Grennan if he had seen, Charles's ghost ; I enquired this morning whether it was necessary that I should have a solicitor in this case ; I was often in the direction of the Sandy Water- hole Creek before Charles was missed ; I swear I was not up there on Easter Monday ; I will not swear that I was not there on Easter Sun I day ; I might have been there to look for my cattle ; I believe I was in the hut all Easter Sunday; I never harbored Thunderbolt at my place ; I have heard that he used to go to other houses further up the creek ; when I went in to'Branxton to give information to the police I might have inquired about Mr. Charles as I went along, but I will not swear that I did ; going back I spoke about it to a man named Thomas Bowler; when I left Stanhope I told the O'Neills that I, was going to Liverpool ; old ' Paddy and young Pat O'Neill knew which road I was going: the letter marked E was written by me; when I was served by the police with a subpoena to attend here I said I supposed it was the old trouble come upon me again, although I had written on the pre- vious day to Mr Colyer that I thanked God the matter was cleared up ; when I wrote to Mr. Colyer I meant that it would he cleared up Lawrence Rockliffe, being recalled, stated that he generally kept bullets in his possession; he could not say whether Johnson ever sent to him for a bullet, and afterwards sent it back by his boy; the wad produced was the size of witness's gun. At this point the inquest was adjourned till Monday evening . The inquest was resumed last evening, at six, but was not likely to conclude last night- Our space is so much occupied that we cannot report last evening's proceedings in this number. 