ME. FFOULKES'S LAST. A horrible farce was' enacted on Sunday last at the Protestant church, called S. Mary- the-Less, Lanabeth. There, at seven in the morning of that day, the anniversary of the first Pentecost, did Mr. Edmund Ffoulkes,.; formerly clergyman of the church ol England, but for the last fifteen years a layman in the Catholic Church, publicly return to the heresy which he had quitted so long ago. Standing by the communion table in this Protestant church, the unhappy apostate gave some reasons for his sad act. He said, " that he had been deceived by false appearances to commit the grave mistake of quitting the Church of England for the Church of Home. . . . Closer reading of ecclesiastical history had convinced him that the modern claims of the Church of Home rested on no solid foundation," &c.;, &c.; And thus, having said his say, Canon Gregory came forward, and addressing Mr. Ffoulkes, invited him to partake of the Protestant bread and wine ; all which being duly accomplished, Mr. Ffoulkes was declared fully restored to the Church of England. Well, at last he has done the honest thing. He has formally joined himself to those whom in reality he had never left. We confidently ask any Catholic, who has known Mr. Ffoulkes during the fourteen or fifteen years he professed himself one of the faithful, whether from the first he has not been regarded with suspicion and doubt, — whether, in fact, he has ever been con sidered a cordcitus Catholicus, one with his heart in the truth ? We are certain that all acquainted with him will admit that from first to last, whilst amongst us, he has been remarkable for nothing but restlessness, querulousness, and a criticizing, carping spirit. What has he ever done since he joined us, but write against us, find fault with us, compare us disadvantageously with those whom, never- theless, he thought it safer to leave ? He never, we believe, cast the Protestant out of his soul. At all events, we never saw Catholic born or Catholic convert like him ; and therefore we solemnly think that he has acted quite consistently in returning to the heresy which has always possessed his affections, and which now has the additional happiness of his gloomy presence. We wish the Pro testant Church joy of its acquisition, for a while, of this perturbed spirit. Let them take him ; let them parade him, if they choose, in their assemblies and on their platforms ; his departure must relieve the Church of a burden. Let all such go ; the children of the faith will be happier and purer without them. We Catholics know very well that the punishment of the abuse of faith is loss of faith. What does the history of the Church teach us ? Are they holy men who create heresies, or who tear the seamless robe with schism? What do we find recorded? Crimes hideous enough to startle hell itself, vows broken, and the Commandments trampled under foot. It is always mortal sin that puts faith to death. Mr. Ffoulkes some short time ago wrote a pamphlet which, from the fact of its being an viw-Catholic publication by an apparent Catholic had of course an immense circula tion. At the time when it appeared the following dilemma was put before Mr. Ffoulkes which he (more prudently than fairly) preferred to avoid: — -"Either Mr. Ffoulkes does or does not believe that the Eoman Catholic Church is appointed by God as man's one infallible guide. If he does not believe this, he is simply in the position of a traitor in the camp. If he does believe the truth we have mentioned, it is difficult to imagine a more grievous offence than his doing everything he possibly can that men shall think all manner of evil against that society which God has given them as their infallible guide. We hardly know which alternative is more discreditable to Air Ffoulkes." To any simple- minded Protestant, who may be inclined to indulge in unwary exultation over this very doubtful prize, we recommend the perusal of the following declaration made only a few months ago by Mr. Ffoulkes, when reprimanded by his Grace the Archbishop of Westminster : — Having learnt from my bishop that a pamphlet lately published by me, entitled " The Church's Creed or the Crown's Creed," has been examined, and pronounced by him to be heretical, I desire hereby to submit myself to that judgment, and to express my sorrow that I should in anything have erred from the holy Catholic and apostolic faith. Although I trust I have not intentionally erred from the truth, nor wilfully opposed myself to the divine authority of the Church, nevertheless, I am well aware how easily I may have done so. I therefore hereby, and without reserve, retract all and everything that I have written, there or elsewhere, which is contrary to what the Church has defined as of faith. Having learnt also from him that scandal, offence, and pain has been given by my writings, and especially by the pamphlet above named, to the faithful, and that the same pamphlet has been used by those that are separate from the Catholic and Eoman Church, as an excuse or . argument for not sub mitting to its divine authority, I here desire; to explain myself categorically on two points in ID articular, the most likely to have caused such results of any that occur to me, from not having been brought out as prominently there as they might have been; but on which it never was my intention that my meaning should be ambiguous. 1\. Whatever I may or may not have been called upon to profess fourteen years ago myself, I nevertheless believe, and believe heartily, in the inerrancy, by perpetual assist ance of the Holy Ghost in all ages, of the one Catholic Church in communion with the Pope, and of which the Pope is head by divine right, in jidei ac morum disciplind tradendd as the Catechism of the Council of Trent teaches. And, 2, as regards matter of fact, my own personal investigations enable me to affirm the verdict of history to be, that the See of Eome, as such, has been preserved in. all ages from upholding or embracing heresy. I say this more particularly with reference to the doctrine of the procession of the Holy Ghost, on which I fear my meaning may have been misappre hended. Therefore, negatively, should I have ever seemed to say or imply the contrary to what I have just affirmed, or else to say or imply that the true Church has ever ceased, or can ever cease, to be one visibly or that the See of Eome was not constituted its centre of union upon earth, so that communion with the one should be the indispensable condition of participating in the unity of the other,— I hereby declare my heartfelt sorrow at having, in finv of mv wvi tines. so oxurossod mvsolf on j J 07 — X d . these points as to have offended any or misled any by seeming to say or imply, in language injurious to the Holy See, what I never meant to assert, and hereby repudiate. (The Eoman Index, &c.;, pp. 3 4, 35) And this is the man to whom, on Whit- Sunday last, Canon Gregory said, Come! And he went ! Hack to the Bible of Tang James, to the Articles of the Parliament of Edward VI., to the traditions of Queen Bess and the Star Chamber. It is to batten on such carrion as this that he has quitted the celestial banquet. Let him go — \- Universe . 