'GHOSTS FROM THE BATTLEFIELD.' The Paris correnpondeut of the Daily Tele graph gives the following account of the return of a lew troops from the war:— 'There were from 150 to 200 mounted troops, in every kind of cavalry uniform, riding in the loosest of o|«n order, and mingled pell-mell without distinc tion of uniform or sraae. There did not seem to be »ny officer in command of this strange squadron. Cuirassiers, hussars, lancers, chas seurs, light dragoons, horse artillery, were all there, hiftgledy-piggledy, battered, ragged, dusty, dirty, jaded, but not creat- faUim. Some were eo fatigued that they could scarcely keep up in their ?addle*, and codded till the plumes of their helmet* mingled with the manes of their bones, but they had still bold word* to ?ay, and foul toorn to hurl at the Pros aiaui. These spectral horsemen, theBe phan tom dragoon*, were the remnants of the defeat ?t WeUaenburg. Till, corporal ol nuttar. .waa the sole reDreBBDtative ol a. whole troop, those five iknoen the only survivors of an entire ?quatiron. The rest bad nerUhed in the fight, or were lying badly wounded in hocpiUL There are no wounded among these men who bad just trooped in from the Eastern Railway Station, ?nd who were on their way to tbe cavalry depot at Grenelle to he 're-formed.' Indeed, they seemed to uwd reforming altogether, for ' unhurt soldier*, in a more deplorable atate, I nover a»w. They looked eminently wretohed, and ior long day* p*»t had evidently been wholly divwted from «o»p, jrater, towels, ?oa dotfcttbruihtt— to eiy nothing of blacking, heelball, polishing powder,' pipeclay, and the Vim MQsMO&rtf; ii amirf* w*lry aoldier't toilet. Dinted back aud ifreaat-platen, -;iii'.-'i '.-asqi,es, umirclieil garments, torn plumes, spat orrdaBbtn iacroBted w itb a fortnight's mud, and nevrr a clean shirt, I should say, among tbe lot. Thus they came back a ragged regiment. There was aliout there fragments, and shreds, and scattered leaves whirled from the tempest tossed battle Geld, gnmething of an essentially uDBubetantial and ghostly character. They looked pale to uoearthliness in 'the gaslight. Their steeds bad a shadowy presence, and very noon, instead nf resuming tliuir march in a body, thesi wafs auitrtrnys of -warscattered, and broke up in twos and threes, and as a body dissolved. 1 found myself one of a croup gathered round a solitary cavalier, a slim lad with a pale face, who waa mounted on a big white horse. He was tbe kind of statue to ask to supper without tbe risk of lire and brimstone as a nightcap, lie wa& a trumpeter, and I fancy blew fait own peculiar instrument, oratorically S|-eaking, lustily, tie told us that the Prussians were smashed, riddled, blown up, crashed, pounded into powder, and stamped out. His own regiment, he said, had sabred 'mountains of men.' So thickly was tbe ground cumbered with dead Prussians that the French artillerymen could soarcely wheel their guns along. They would have won the day had they not been betrayed. ' 