(lb the Editor of the Shoalhaven Neat.) SIB,—Would you allow me a small space in your valuable journal to refer to toa report which appears in ibe " Kiauia Pildtf' of Juno 29th, criticising IheXatiLaroo Valley society. The correspondence from thti Broger's] Creek scribfe was as follows:— " A debating society has been formed in the Kangaroo Valley ; the first meeting to be held on Monday, July 11th, 1870, but, I am informed, it is to be with closed doors, none but members are admitted. Now, Mr. Editor, does cot tbis look as if ihey were afraid to bring their deeds to light; surely, under |tbe name of a debating society, it is not a secret society fof I"rminga conspiracy or hatching treason, naving'brought the subject uuder your notice, I leave it for you to decide as to the propriety of calling the attention of the police authorities to the matter." Now I have to inform Mr. Scribe that there is neither secrecy or treason hatching in our soci jty, and I think that the Broger's Creek scribe ought to be the last to say or try to throw a dark shnde over any society, if the meetings were to be held with closed doors, it was merely to keep the riff raff out as I might Say, wbd assemble in such socities to the great annoynace of members. In Jhjfrer's Creek every person is admitted and Snowed to speak and take part in the proceedings. Now, I dont think this is right, for tbey are allowed the same privilege as members, the last meeting was their anniversary meeting and when the financial nffiiirn were settled the sofiety found they were in debt; this is owing to visitors being allowed the same privilege as members, and lon^ as they are allowed to take part in the society without paying they will do so. Now; if the K. V. society is a secret society for forming a conspiracy, or hatching treason, the B. C. ought not to follow their example, as they are doing, they are adhering to tho rules of the K. V. society, and as I am given to understand they hnva elected some of the members of tho TL V. soeiety as officers in the B. C. society, so I dont see where the Broger's Creek scribe has got an v room to talk about the affairs of other people, for he ought first to cast the beam out of bis own eye and then he would «ee clearly to pull the mote out of his brothers eye, but instead of that lie has left room for some person to place a'feather in his cap; we shall scud to the exhibition aud see if we can't get him a leather medal with a hole in it; be ought to be ashamed of himself lo criticise on so young a society as the it. V. society, I think he is ell out of order, and auother visit from the Kiauia ghost might do him some good. I am yours, A MEMBEB-- Kangaroo Valley, ICth July, 1870. 