YOUNG SHEPHERDS..IN SEARCH- OF SHEEP. ("From the Pall Mall Gazette.) Ordinary Englishmen have no conception of the -host-of-young-men-ln-every-part nf tho.CQUOtry who aro always onthoio"ok out for " an opening in the ministry," — that is, an excuse for being pnlpited. A study of the advertising columns of the Dissenting newspapers yields much know- ledge about the young pastors who aro con. tinualiy piping for sheep to come aud take them as -their shepherds. Tho first most striking characteristic in such advertisements is the pecu liar languago in which they are written, and. iu which the authors appear to think ; it is a combina tion of tbe Puritan theological style of the seven teenth century with the new shops prospectus of the nineteenth. Out of some thirty advertisers ia a single sheet, nearly half of them offer to Vqupply." One' calls himself " a supply." ",Diaconos" (whom externa will cotainly suppose to be a cabinetmaker) offers " to supply the pulpit of any dissenting congregation" — meaning, of corose to supply the pulpit with a preacher: he does not seem to cure what tho point is on which the con grogation dissent so long as they have some point of dissent from somebody or something. 4t Omega" writes as if ho were a manufacturer of iron churches and chapels; ho sayB that, ho " could supply a small independent village cburcb for o period." " G. B. B , a Brother," address ing j himself .to " Baptist' churches not able to support a minister," . undertakes . to " supply "gratis/ a fiilrfreo-grace gospel, which would probably prove worth the low figure (to tise tbe phraseology proper to the advertiser) at which it is offered. "The Rev. S W." is "deBirous of sup plying vacant pulpits;" without stating bow many ho is ready , to undertake at ..one .time. " C. D." " Is open to supply with a view to settlement," but bo does not give lis 'the least hint what the thing is which he can supply. Tho won! supply in each.of these advertisements is the- leading word, and is invariably printed .in 'capitals; — — : — rrrrr: — rJ — r Another technicality, which to used -in about one- third of tb'e advertisements forthe- preaching- place is the ' odd description of tho coveted placo as a "sphere of labour."- That- it is very labo rious work for the throat and arms to preach as the majority sof these yonng' men do preach, or would nreacb. .we have no doubt; so that although a sphere of labour is a queer name for a village pnlpiti it is perhaps a very fair one, espe cially if tbe pulpit bo round in shape, "A lay preacher," however, who addresses himself "to Independent Churches," defines the pulpit he Is seeking as a sphere of usefulness;" while Mr. " J. P." who " is ready to aot either as pastor, evangelist, or privato chaplain," asks for a " sphere of Gospel labour," aud " G.M." wants " a missionary sphere with occasional preaching engagements." In addition to supplies and spheres these young men have a third technicality for a pulpit. . It is now and then applied for as " a cause." Thus. " Gamma," who is " a young gentleman deity ; engaged in business in London, desires to under take, without charge, a pastorate of a small cause (not pulpit) within twenty miles from town." Gamma has apparently spent his childhood iu the pnlpit, like the goslings whom tho Welsh parish clerk nourished in that sphere of labour ; for, be goes on" to say, " Advertiser, who ia evangelical and unBectariao, is considered an earnest speaker and of moderate ability, and has bad some few years' experience in teaching and preaching." It appears that " causes" are seldom big, or if there " H. L." would also " undertake a small cause." "Spheres," on tho other baud, must 'be of ell sizes, since " C. D.," " whose preaching has been -blessed and rendered attractive, and whose earnest aim is the conversion of souls ana Zion's pros perity," closes his advertisement with tho words, " A large, sphere preferred." The early age at which "Gamma, a young gentleman," began to preach, is by no moans -exceptional for " Noncon," who describes himself as " a youog man," gives this fact as his leading recommenda tion—" that he has for some years been engaged in evangelistio work in London." Wecannothelp confusing these ailvertisers-with "The YoaDg Raw Preacher" whom Bishop Earle, two centuries ago, characterised in his " Micro-cosmography " Be is a bird not yet fledged, that hath hopped out of 'hisueBttobe'chirpii7g-dinrlfed7DRwiirbir straggling abroad at what peril soever His small standing and time bath -- made" hfm a proficient only in boldness, out of which and his table-book ho is furnished for a preacher. - The labour of his Bermen is chiefly in the lungs, and the only thing ho has made of it himself is the faces. He takes on against tho Pope without mercy. The companion of his walk is some zealous tradesman whom he admonisheth with strange points/which they both understand alike." There is something peculiar in the qualifications with which tbe advertisers tempt the sheep to take them as their shepherds. " AWthia" confi dently appends to' his entreaty for "a Noncon formist church in London or its vicinity" — 11 no testimonials, .no reference; his preaching is his only recommendation." "P. tl." "has good preaching talents." " Diaconos" "has. been, o-lucated for theministry of the Church of England ; but for obvious reasons be .deolines to receive Episcopal ordination."', "Anti-Ritualist" extra vagantly puts himself to the oxpense of oighteon lines to set forth bis opposition to symbolism, nriostly domination, Stalo patronage and 'control, Papal aggression, the Motiaio economy, 'and a number of other bnd. thin'gsr" "J." has been "partially1 educated- for'tho-ministry ; "Geotiloa like ourselves would fancy that ia first duty, there- _fore,_i8_noMo-advertiso- uiUil-ho-hasbcoucom pletely educated for it.. "A Preacher" "has raised feeble oburches and planted new ones;" we should liko to see this gentleman at work. There are many who- are " fair preaohers," or "faithful" without committing thomselvos to be affectionate ; there are some who can " assist a minister in preaching." " W. W., hoad master of a first-claB8 school, a gentleman, strong voice, Grst-- olass" testimonials" — possibly testimonials from the boyB in tbo first class— -wishes to change teaching to preaohing. But tho two best.of tho long soricB wo have yet to produce. Wo givo them in full, merely withholding the names aod addresses. — "-To-Baptint Churobes.. Have you heard him ? If not, ho is now at liberty to supply with a view to tho pastorate. Picaso address to , Esq., Iliglj.slrcct, 0." Tho other udvorllsor is uot oxuetly a shepherd : too fumble," po'rhhps, to take thnt title, he takes tho title noarest tgjt, " The Shophord's Dog— once a devouring wolf- endeavours to recover wandering souls, and to lend sinners to the S— r, whorover a pulpit or a platform is open to him. No remuueration required. His past career frco for six stamps. Address / : ' A Bigot Fou.kd. — In tho House of Commons, on Monday, Mr. Charley asked the Chief Secretary for Ireland what stops Government have taken or iutcud to take for the pioventiou of tho illegal lottery tickets which are headed " St. Clare's Female Orphanngo. Huruld's-croas Dublin, 'Aand ono drawiug of prizes of whloh is annouueed to take place on the 17th and 18th March, . Mr. Fortescue was ashamed to say he was not aware of the iniportaut events to take placo in Dublin on the 17ih and 18ib of- the present .mouth, but Bince tbe boa. member had givon his notice he had takon means to ascertain what the nature, of- such events wore. Ho found a sort of bnzaar .was to bo held on behalf of a Roman Catholic charity for a hundred and odd orphan girls. That was the grave offence to which tho hnn. member alluded, whether contrary to law or not ho could -not 6ay,-but-be- found-the-8ame-qucstion had been- raised over and over again under successive Irish governments, and the decision invariably arriveaat with one accord was that , it was oot the duty of tho Government .to -interfere in;the matter. These charitable lotteries had no ten dency to encourage gambling, but if any person held a contrary opioiou, the law was open, and parties could proceed. The strongest opinion he -could-find-in-eupport-of-this.viuw wua that ufthe" hon. and learned gentleman opposite, the law officer of tho late g -vernmt-uL — Aafi'on. Law Worthy of Copt.— One of the laws' of Japan is, and has been for centuries, that who ever cuts down a treo shall thereafter plqht one. So tbe hills are covered with verdure, and all in' groves of treba'set at equal.. distances; here a grove five years planted,- there trees 200 years old, may be seen. The effect of the law Is, wood and -lumber will always be easily: .obtainable,' while In America especially, the nexfceotUry wilt seen scarcity of lumber that Japanese i prudence, would have avoided. ' There is some consolation at least to be derived from the information that- England is not the. ouly land oppressed, by its shopkeepers. We read in an American newspaper the followiog letter from a Yankee to her, grocer: — "Mr. Tattle;— This here thing has/got too much hemp in it for molasses, and not' quite ' enough for clothes linos ; so I've strained off the molassod/' and send you the jug to make up .the..xnen9Ute,! And have turned over thev-hempto the Vigilance Committeo to be spun up for future use ' So be; sure to send me the real thibg this -time, as 'all hemp goes to the- -V| C.j and1 tho' rope is : a-grow-- Jngv . ,r ; vv.. . — Eulogy on Women. — " How- can the rotfe grow," cried a wise man of old, without sun shine? How can; the. violet/bloom onlbo sally soil? Lo! women are flowere, that are always becoming more beautiful and- frn'graiit -the mote they aro guarded and cared for. But moo -should, be kccperain thegnrdSn of beauty -that they mtly rejoice themselves in the fragrance of the flowers/ but thoy may not rumple therh! with rode :baodA Jus.t as the weed is rooted frorri the flower-bed, so should all that ia base and confimon be removed. farawayrfronr/.Lheneigbbourhood of womao. Tread. upon the rose with thy feet, and -its thoros amaze tbeo ; watch" over it with Iove'aihd care, and it will bloom and be fragrant, an ornament to itself And thee. 'Make thysolf of thine own accord a slave to a woman, and she wiH not bear it, but will herself bow before thee, and In thankful love look up to thee as ' her lord ; make a wpmao by force thy slave, nnd she will bear it still less, but will seek by croft and cunning to obtain dominion over thee. For the . empire of love is tbe empire of contradictions ; the wise minn marks 'thls snd acts accordingly. The more ono has to do with women, the moro one learns to know them ; the moro ooo learns to know them the more one learns to love them, -and the more, one lovee them, the more ono is loved again— for every true love finds its response, aud the highest wisdom."— Literary Journal . Every new influence brought to bear by- the Opposition to papal infallibility on tbe. (Ecumeni cal Council seems so far to have tended practi cally to precipitate its definition,— a condition of things whioh is apt to result from eager resis tance to tho great majority of any powerful body. It seems now to be certaiu that the. Freoch Governmeut has interfered, as the TYmes of Thursday publishes two extracts from certain letters of the French Forelgo Minister, ..Count Daru (the looger of theraaddressed,. as it is asserted by the" Catholic journals, to Count Werner de Merode), in both of which he ex plicitly Bsserts that France must withdraw ber troops if infallibility is proclaimed. "No one," says Count Daru iu due of these letters, " can bo so blind as to suppose that it would be imposslble not to yield." In the other, tbo one supposed to bo addressed .tq_Cqunt. Werner de -Merode, Count; Darn declares that be has wrlLtea repeatedly, to the French Ambassador, M. de Bauneville, on the subject, and instructed him to' explain tbe truth to Cardinal Antoncili. The truth appears to be that neither can tho troops be kqpt in Rome, nor the financial auatre oi- the Pope " arranged/' ob Count Daru had hoped, (is not .that . liko. the bribe offered by Simon Magus?) nor, the/Concor dat with France kept up, if tbe Ultramontane policy is to bo carried out " Ou peut infirmcr gravement," says Count Darn " lea engagements coucordataires, dont la Propaganda no paralt pas ; tenir lo molndro compto, et briser le pacto qui nous unit!A.Formidjible-forthe Poperno doubt.- But was it quite prudent to employ a throat to a power to which the threats of the world aro necessarily stimulants. If the Pope disregards the threat he may lose his secular independence. But if he regards it, will he not lose his spiritual power? — Spectator. ' The atmosphere .of America reduces all tho most romantio things tb'matter offadt.'_ We have loug known that ghostsget. themselves photo graphed (gratis, by, the way), ,'an take great "delight in .flinging about Ifurui'ture; and commit ting practical- jokes- of -tbe- cbmmquest kin'dy but. it, ;is... ;new ,to . fiud .<tbetp ( baunting railways, aod actually nsiog false signals in order ' to tcazo ' the. guards! of trains. The engineer of a night train on tho Boston and Lowell Railway,— so the Boston . papers.- assort,— has recently beeii stopped several times' from entering the Woburn -at'atiou by soeing a red light swung furiously. On sending to learn why hois stopped, he gets for answer thai no light ,baa . boon ex< hibitod, aud the light certainly . vanishes jyLihp messenger approaches. Another time tho ghost imitated the epproaoh of an imaginary train, to frighten some workmen on the liqe, who fled accordingly. The theory is that'a man killed there two years ago . is now -rovenging-himscif on society by these falso 'alarms, t It is 'really an alarming prq8pectIfj_the8e_disembodied-.mal.: contents havo got as far aa exhibiting red lights « and imitating express trains; they will sorely work the toiegrapbs next, and not to the advantage of Government. Wo hope tbo moverhdnt wou't extend to Ireland 1 Wo shouIH indeed be helpless then. Wo could uot even ' suspend the Habeas Corpus for Fenian ghosts. For them it bus boeo already suspended.— Spectator, Doubtful Welcome,— At Agra/ the Dnko of Edinburgh is- said to havo inquired whether the oity bad a lunatic asylum. Oq being ioformed that such an iiiKtitutioo-would bo of no utility iu the 'place, ho devoutly thaoked Heaven/observing that wherever there was ono tbey luvarlnbly took him there' and he always found the word "welcome" in largo loiters over tho entrance!; Bombay Gazette. 