GENERAL; NEWS, Adelaide ... 0'675 Gawler ... 0'390 Tanunda ... 0*490 Blanchetown... 0 "470 Kapunda ... 0*438 Auburn ... 0*700 Wallaroo ... 0*150 Moonta ... 0*400 Clare 0.910 Burra... ... 0*910 Melrose * ... 0*300 Mount Barker.. 0*465 It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr. W. A. Thompson: will lecture on "Mutual Life Assurance" at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Monday evening next. The Supreme Court sat this (Thursday) morning, but at once adjourned, there being no business. The Court will not sit again until after the Civil Sittings, A disgraceful act was perpetrated during Wednesday night. Mr. R. Ingleby's garden, Hurtle-square, was entered by some person, and a number of valuable plants de stroyed. It is believed, however, that nothing wsjs taken. On "Wednesday evening a horse and dray, belonging to Mr, Bloomfield, of Nor wood, bolted from the Slaughterhouse _ and rah into the cabstand opposite the Railway Station. Two vehicles belonging to T. Lenan and R. "Wilson were damaged, and the run away was caught before farther mischief could be done. We are' requested to state "that seats will be reservedfor subscribers to Philharmonic Society's concert to-hight up' to 8 o'clock, and net;half-past 8. as was.stated. in the adyertis ment of this morning's papers. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Wed nesday, and the same hour on Thursday, Sep tember 8, is registered as follows:— " Strathalbyn ... 0130 Willunga ... 0*070 Normanville ... 0*055 Port Elliot ... 0*048 Goolwa ... 0*170, McGrath's Flat 0*340 Robe Town ... 0*060 Mount Gatnbier 0*250 Penola... 0*370 Narracoorte ... 0*640 Gnmeracba ... 0*880 Wentwerth ... 0*990 On Thursday morning an accident hap- pened on the cabstand outside the Nimble Ninepence. A horse and dray, the property of Mr. Smith, of Fifth Creek, came tearing down Waymouth-street, and ran into the foremost cab on the stand, belonging to John Burns. Both shafts of the cab were broken, the horse thrown down, and the runaway brought to a standstill. , - It. has long been known that marble existed in the neighborhood of Macclesfield, and from time to time stone has been obtained from the quarry there and used in the construc tion of various works of art; but on account of the Italian marble being more easily wrought, the colonial article has not been so much in favor as could be wished. However, it has not "been lost sight of, for the recently-established firm of Messrs. "Williams & Train (from the Westminster Marble .Works, London) have] taken the Macclesfield marble quany, and have commenced business in Pirie-street, next to Mr.:, W. Ring's timber yard. Suitable machinery11 has been erected, and operations have been com menced, and it is intended shortly to in crease the appliances , of the' establish-; . ment, and carry on the manufacture on a mora extended Bcale than, at present.;] Already some very creditable works have been turned out, and doubtless this native industry will not fail to obtain the public patronage it! deserves. The marble, we understand, can be supplied at about the same cost as the Mintaro; slate. It is hoped that a trade in the article may he opened up with the neighboring colonies, as it can be delivered there at a far cheaper rate than the Italian can. The following is the result of an analy sis of ore from the property of the Ingle wood Mining Company, by Messrs. Johnson & Sons, London, assayersto the Bank of England, Her •Majesty's Mint, the Council of India, &c.;, &c.; The presence of so large a proportion of tita nium gives a speoial- value to the iron:—Assay Offices and Laboratories, .Basingball-street. London, E.G., June 1st, 1870. Certificate of analysis of piece of quartz:— Iron ... 40*52 *Titanium... ... ... ... 18*08 Zinc ... . ... ... 2*30 Sulphur ... ... ... 2*75 Silica ... ... —« 5 40 Lime ... ... : : 0*55 Carbonic Acid ... ,. ... 0'40 § Oxygen and traces of-silver.... 30*00 \- 100*00 * Equal to—Titanic acid 30*00. § There is no valuable quantity of silver. The Philharmonic Society's first con-r cert of the present season will ba given in the Town Hall this evening, and there is no doubt, will be a great success. The last rehearsal took place yesterday evening, 'and was exceed ingly satisfactory. On Thursday morning, a deputation consisting of Sir G. S. Kingston, M.P., Messrs. H. E. Bright, M.P., Mathieson^(Chairman of the Port Gawler District Council), S. Corden, and S. Wfison waited upon , the Commissioner of Crown Lands to request the Government to withdraw from sale eight sections of land com prising 3,474 acres in the Hundred of Dublin, County of Gawler. Sir George said it was the wish of the residents that the land might be withdrawn from: sale and offered in 80-acre sections. At present they averaged 400-acre sections, and .precluded persons who desired to take up a smaller quantity of land_ from doing so, and he pointed out that if the land were put up in the proposed blocks, it would most likely be purchased by squat ters or persons who would only let it at a high rental. The other members of the* depu tation observed that the land, if put up in 80 acre sections, would be readily pur chased, because of its close proximity to a ship ping port, and because persons with adjoining holdings would be able to purchase it more con veniently, and extend them. The Commis sioner said he would have three weeks to give the matter his consideration, and he would confer with his colleagues, but could give no definite reply as to what might be done. Iu consequence of the resignation of Mr. T. Michelmore for East Ward, Port Ade laide Corporation, a vacancy has occurred, in the Council, and on Wednesday, at noon, the undermentioned gentlemen were nominated— the election to take place on 14th September :— James Mitchell, proposed by J. M. Sinclair; seconded by J. E. Dempster. Charles Hains, proposed by J. Appleby; seconded by Moss Barnet. . . On the 29th August, Messrs. L. L. Elliott and J. W. Manfield left Norwood at 3.30 a.m. for a walk to Kapunda, and reached Bagot's Gap at 6.45 p.m. on the same day. Two hours of this, time was spent hi stoppages for dinner, refreshments, &c.; besides which, about six mile3 was added to the distance in conse quence of losing the road, so making a total of about 54 miles, in 13A hours, being an average of a little over four miles per hour. Both were rathe heavily freighted with great coats, &c.; An inquest was held at the Narracoorte Hotel, on the 1st September, before T.! Hinckley, Esq., J.P., and a Jury of 15, on the body of John Jute, found dead in a swamp near Seymour's Station. The evidence went to prove that deceased was,in the habit of hunting for swans' eggs on Sundays ; that on the 21st when his mate returned to the camp, deceased was missing, but his mate, thinking he had gone to Narracoorte, took no notice. Afterwards some clothes were pointed out to him about 100 yards from the swamp. Searched the swamp, and found the body of deceased. Dr. Gunning, on examining the body, said, in his opinion, the deceased had either been seized with cramp or had a fit. A verdict was re turned in accordance with the evidence. A tea meeting and soiree in connection with the anniversary of the Alexandra Tent, I.C.R. Female Branoh, No. 1, of the Albert District I.O.R., S.U., were held in the Tempe rance Hall, North ^ Adelaide, on Wednesday evening. Considering the inclemency of the weather on both occasions, there was a good 1 attendance, and at the,latter Mr.1 H.j. Pudneyy "D.G.R., presided, and opened* the ^proceedings with a few appropriate remarks,.h The Secre tary, Mr. Qi W. Cole, D.S.,' .'read . the report, .which ..showed that there were- 52 ihembers on the roll, 46 of whom .were good on the books, and a credit balance of £78 18s. 6d. It was also stated that the sick pay hnd not exceeded £8 12s. Mr. John Williams in an able address pointed out the influence which a woman, who was herself a total abstainer, possessed over her family, and how she would bring about great reform. Miss Thorno expressed, the pleasure she felt in finding that the . ladies ,were en deavoring to extend and forward that noble work. She showed how degrading and degenerating was drunkenness, and how, in spite of the strongest opposition, the movement was rapidly gaining favor with the general public. She besought those who were moderate drinkers to exercise a little self-denial, and identify themselves with the movement, and pointed out the part the ladies had te take in the matter. Mr. Headdey also made an excellent speech. Recitations were delivered by Misses Turnbull hnd Willis, and Messrs. Weiland, T. Knowles. Miss Jane Watson was encored in the melody, ."The Blue Bells of Scotland);" and Mr. G. Newman, P.D.C.R., sang with effect "The Drunkard's Lament." The usual votes of thanks having been passed, the proceedings closed with the National Anthem. The first anniversary,in connection with the opening of the Bible Christian Chapel, Cook's Plains,; was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, September 4th and 5th. On Sunday forenoon the Rev. John, Dingle .addressed the audience from 1 John, iiL, part of 1st verse — "Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon ns, that we; should be called the sons,of God." In the evening Mr.. W. Bil 'lingham, of Wellington! founded his remarks on the 10th verse of the 14th chapter of the Book of Job—"But man dieth and wasteth away; yea, man giveth up the ghost, -and where is he?" On Monday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, tea was provided by the ladies'for the strangers and friends. The' tea waff • followed by a public meeting, when the chair was taken by A. Cook, Esq.,; of Wellington. ■ • The Chair man, in his opening speech, spoke ably on the excellence of true religion, and he closed by saying however sanctimonious a person may ap pear, if he does not love his neighbor God will have nothing to do with him. :The"Seoretary (Mr. William Hamlyn) read' the ->report.with effect. There was a small debt still on the chapel, and to pay off which some means should be used. Mr. William Bellingham addressed the meeting on the Holy Scriptures. The Rev. J. Dingle, after speakiDg of thepleasurehe hadhad inmeet ingso many friends at the tea, and especially the worthy Chairman, called their attention to the solemn fact that they were met to mark the revolving moments of another year, and to greet the anniversary; of the House of God. 'He alluded to the words of the.wise man—" A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pic tures of silver. -A word spoken in-season,* how good . is it." He then said, as they were come.to the close of another year, it was the proper, time for deep reflection and dedica tion to God, love being the te'st of our' relir gion. He then urged with great force and earn estness the duty of loving God with, all our hearts, and our neighbors as ourselves. Mr. Chaplin spoke on the subject of love and unity. After the collection was made, the Chairman opened a subscription list to raise the money borrowed on the building, which;was done in a' short time. After the usual votes of thanks were given, the very interesting meeting was brought to a close. 