OBDINATION SERVICE. An ordination, service in connection with the Wesleyan Church was held in the Archer-street Chapel, North Adelaide, on Friday evening, January 28. - There was a large congregation, the edifice being crowded. The proceedings having been 'commenced by singing and' prayer, The President of the Conference (the Rev. Geo. Hurst) read the customary address to the candidates for ordination— the Revs. Chas. Thnt. Newman. Jas. Yoonsr Simnson. and -Tab. Spsnce — who had been previously formally introduced to him by the Bey. B. Chapman, after which they were called upon to cpeak as to their conversions, and to state their reasons for believing they were, called to the ministry. TaefRe/. Mr. Newmajt said he gave Mb heart to God when -a, Sunday-school scholar, and since toon he had lived in the enjoyment of His love. About nine years ago lie felt that ha must preach, the Word, wnereupon he be came a local preacher, and as such was instru mental in. bringing: souls to the. Saviour.. At ' first he was disinclined to enter the ministry ; but the conviction that he ought to do bo grow iag stronger, he offered himself and was afi cs ted. His determination was expressed in the -rera« ;-~ 'I would the precious time redeem, \- And longer lire for this alone; To spend, and to be spent for them Who have not yet my Saviour known. Fully on these my mission prove, And only breathe to breathe Thy love.' The Bev. Mr. Simpson said he was the son of pious patents, who were members , of .thn Pres byterian Church, in connection with which he was brought up. He was led, under the ministry of the Bev. Patrick Simpson— a Presbyterian clergyman— to consecrate himself to the service of God, and from that time to the present he lad never doubted his acceptance.: He loved the Church of his 'fathers, but he loved the Methodist Church more. Feeling, after havine been some time a local preacher, that he was called to be a servant of God, to proclaim Bis 'truth, he offered himself to the Church, and was accepted. Heenfcered the ministry deter mined to save himself, and to endeavor to save others by his teachings. , The Bev. Mr. SpENOEsaid he owed all he was to the grace of God. He grew up in darkness as regarded his spiritual welfare. It was not until he was about 15 years of age that he felt the need of a change of nearfc, bat for three or four years he resisted the strivings of the spirit. However, he - was convinced of bis. dangerous condition during, some revival services in Ire land, and subsequently found peace through the blood of the Lamb. From the time he was converted to God he was convinced the ministry was his providential path, send the consequence was he offered himself, and being accepted : had since labored not without suc cess ? The PfiESDOENT then read a description of the character of the work for which the candidates were to be set apart, prominence being given to its importance andtheresp'onsibilities connected with it. At the conclusion of this, prayer was offered, imploring the Divine blessing upon the candidates, upon each of whom there was then the imposition of hands, the words addressed to them by the President being— 'Mayst'thou receive the Holy Ghost for tbe office and work of a Christian minister now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands, and be thou the faithful dispenser of the Word of Life, and of His holy sacrament, in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy -Ghost.' After the candidates had re ceived the sacrament, . The Bev. W. Ij. Bisks (the ex-President) de Mvered tothemthecharge, which wasa mostable address xepletewithjudicious advice. He specially besought the 'candidates to make Christ the constant theme of their preaching, and to guard against speculative theology, reminding them that if anything they should say caused a hearer to doubt them, to disbelieve, andresulted in his being lost, his soul would be demanded at their bands. Towards the close of. bis re marks he said— Most earnestly and devoutly do I pray God to help you in this great work — that 'His grace may be sufficient for you.. I trust that there is a -bright future before you.- May the spirit of God rest upon you, and may It make you able preachers of the New Testa ment. The proceedings terminated in the usual manner, the service having been most solemn and interesting. 