At last, after years of talk the thin end of the wedge upon the great question of mining reform has been inserted, and by the most appropriate section of the mining community, the miners .of Ballarat, who have commenced a " Mining Reform/ Association" upon to all appearances a firm principle and solid, and- understandable foundation. A meeting has been held; composed of an - important body of miners, the result of which was the forma tion of a committee and the preparation of a memorial to the Minister of Mines, the prin cipal features of which are the oft-repeated arguments against the hindrances to mining generally by the leasing regulations and the laws affecting lend for mining purposes under the Crown. The sentences contained in the memorial are well written and the arguments used have been carefully consi-|. J dered. and digested without a doubt. xThey consist of plain statements put tho- roughly logical sequence, and commence ;by; the assertion that the present rent of £l, an acre is an excessive and impolitic impost upon lands leased from the Crown, and a serious impediment to the development of the coun try and the prosperity of mining enter- prise. The second paragraph is a compari son between lands occupied for agricultural purposes and those occupied by the mining lessee, vastly in favor of the. former. Then follow sections which shew the impolicy of charging a mining lessee for a lease the sum of £13 per annum for the same area of ground which a man can work under his miner's right, for which he has to pay only os. per annum. The next proposition is tenable in eveiy shape, and is thus put : — " That gold when discovered in Yictoria was found at shallow depths. It is not surprising fherefore that when mining leases were first granted, the sum of even £5 per acre per annum was not thought excessive ; but that it the present day the shallow ground has almost entirely been worked out, and the mining lessee has now to go to a great depth and incur very heavy expense, and in most instances to wait for many years before he obtains any return." After further remarks in the succeeding sentences of the memorial of a similar tendency,; only varying, the mode of argument, and especially referring to the Hand and Band _ Company, which company it is alleged., has. exjpende up wards of £300,000 in the attempt to drain the area comprised in its lease, we come to the following as the prayer : — " Your me morialists therefore respectfully and urgently request that the necessary steps' may be im mediately taken to lessen the rent payable upon mining leases to a sum not exceeding 5s. per acre per annum ' for gold "producing mines and to a nominal rent for progressive: mines." To this is added the suggestion that this course would be the best possible ' means of relieving; the depression under which the mining interest is at present suf fering, and advancing the development - of the mining resources of the colony." Now all the foregoing, although some what tardily urged,- carry their innate con clusions with them. Why the agitation- has been so occult, and "for so long, it "is difficult to say, because the cause of .complaint is and has been as palpable Rsayliglit. We are only thankful that, the movement has been started at all, and are particularly glad to notice the business-like manner in which it has been commenced. : The circular con tains the. names of twenty influential gentle men as a committee; including Mr. Downes as chairman, and Messrs. A. F. Morrison and ' Alfred Sayers as secretaries. Not, however, to Ballarat alone does the com plaint apply ; everywhere in the goldfields of the colony does it obtain, in all the' vita lity of incontrovertible arguinent. Our own district, especially at Stuart Mill, Redbank, and Avoca, has this rent reserved by mining leases been a clog to the wheel of mining progress and an unreasonable thing to im pose upon projects, in their very-essence uncertain. We should be very pleased to discover that in giving this new Association , the notice it so fully deserves, we may be exciting a co-operative spirit among the residents of the long and teeming valley of the Pyrenees. Mu<-h,, ..very much can, be done by co-operation, and but. very little in merely personal conversation and vapid complaint. Ballarat, as we at first observed, has set us an admirable example, and on e which it is onr duty as well as our interest at once and energetically to folloty. The lethargy of simply repining is not in accor dance with the '.'spirit of the age, or of the general industry and carefulness of miners themselves. We trust to see some distinct recognition of this Reform Association with out the least possible delay. v;r- Whatever maybe the opinion of the happy six forming the majority in the Avoca Shire Council who in "solemn conclave assembled" at Moonambel, a fortnight ago, decided upon removing the custody of the Shire funds from the Bank of Yictoria to that of the London Chartered Bank, at Landsborough, in the ' opinion of the great mass of the . ratepayers the decision can be looked upon as no other than a piece of ill-disguised spite, of which the perpetrators ought to feel well ashamed. Leaving aside for a moment the gross injustice inflicted upon the bank that has had the safe keeping of the Borough.and Shire funds for so many years, the inconvenience that will accrue to the public, as also to the Shire Council itself, through the change (if carried into effect), will very soon become seriously felt. Tak ing the approximate revenue of the Shire at £6,000, fully three-fourths of the amount are collected in, and the Government subsi dies granted for, the South and North Ridings, which are thus constituted the most important of the three. In the expenditure of the- sum under the control of the South and North. Ridings of the Shire, cheques have hitherto been given in payment to con tractors and other employ es of the Council, upon the Bank of Yictoria, at Avoca. Under the change proposed, all payments must he made through the London " Char tered Bank, Landsborough, situated at the extreme .western boundary of the Shire. It would .be father too much' to- expect' the Bank of Yictoria, tinder such circumstances, to honour the cheques of the Council . unless sflbj eet to the usual rates oft'discount ; those ; chm'gqs. jmust,- therefore,! fall .upon, .the Council or their employes, involving in the one.case loss- to. -the -ratepayers, and, in the- ! secoud, bo til-loss and injustice t.o contractors ; an d jot hers. a. Mon ey s received, by the Trea surer at Avoca, front local sources, cannot be paid into the hank at "Landsborough un less forwarded--by-Rankfdraft,:and as a very large portion of the Shire revenue is thus Acquired, it will at once be'seen how expen sive such ..a process will prove; v That the _ ratepayers, may be informed, of the alleged reasons of the-; West and' North Riding , members for advocating the removal of the Council'-s account, without reference to dates we shall briefly state them. Sometime pre vious to the passing of the new Shire's Bill through Parliament, the associated banks feeling the falseness of their position as the grantors of heavy overdrafts to most public bodies throughout the colony in not posses sing legal power to recover, were anxious for the insertion of a clause in the new Bill, giving the banks tinder proper res trictions a lien upon the revenues of public bodies for monies advanced for public purposes. In order to indu> e shires and boroughs to use their . influence to procure the insertion in the bill o. the clause named, the banks expressed their determination to allow no increase in exist ing overdrafts unless the members of the different public bodies made themselves personally responsible for the sums so ad vanced. After considerable demur, the most prominent members of the Avoca Shire Council signed the necessary bonds, hut the r ical ci fcran ts — especially rihose. , of the. West, Riding, Atwgtfld!appearr-vowed vengeance. against the bank that had so long supported the : Couucil- for the action - that'- had been takenbe it-repollected not alone by the bank of Yictoria, but . by . the whole of the. banks in the colony. The unfairness of Or.; Harsant's motion to remove the Shire account to Landsborough cannot under the circum stances be otherwise than perceptible, espe cially when it is known that a proposal made to the' London Chartered Bank by the Coun cil to grant overdrafts without the persona responsibility of- its members was unhesi-. tatingly rejected. To follow out iu detail the arguments used by . those members wEoi favour the removal of the Shire "account to Landsborough, would require a greater space /than we are enabled to give in. our columns ; suffice it to say that the rate payers and the public generally attribute the whole affair to the > despicable promptings of local spi£e and jealousy. That the members of the North Riding, shrewd .and sensible men in - other ways, should have allowed themselves to be drawn into such a miserable compact is passing strange. We had hoped the scenes that have occurred at Shire Council meetings of a former day would not be re peated, but the apple of discord, it would still appear, has far greater attractions for our local representatives than the general good of the Shire, which all must admit it , is their duty; to promote. The Grand Carnival, being the third fete held for the benefit of the Maryborough Hospital," in the Prince's Park, oh Monday last, was in every pos sible respect as successful as the most enthusiastic admirer of the Institution could wish. The atten dance was very large indeed, as many as five thou sand people being on the ground throughout the day. The day was fine, the arrangements were goqd— the procession remarkably so. Indeed this part .of the day's proceedings was beyond all praise J the excellent dresses and the get-up altogether was a thing to be long remembered. There were lancers in uniform, blackfaced minstrels, Chinamehi bands of music; from all parts of life country visitors flocked in, and we were delighted to see Avoca- so numerously represented ; indeed, every available vehicle was in request and numbers went on horseback. In the -procession were plenty of allegorical figures— Neptune- in' his car, drawn by the famed horses of the sea, we suppose ; the Royal Pavilion Company ; Volunteer Rifle Company, commanded by Captain Duun ; Oddfellows, in full regalia.; members of Councils ; the Highland Society, and the inevitable piper ; the Maryborough Fire Brigade, under Captain Casey ; the Alrba Minstrels ; a Chinese band, playing music more peculiar than melodious to the outer barbaric ear ; the Hospital Committee; German Association, with their flags and banners — a sight in itself — and many other gay attractions. The procession started from Market Square, and paraded the town before entering the well decorated place of final rendezvous. Here the large flag was hoisted and unfurled. The thrilling tragedy was admirably acted, called "Qua simodo," from, the pen of Mr. Harwood ; and in this " Quasimodo" was about the most desperately made up villain the ghost of Richardson's show of old would wish to see; combats, blood, fire, murder and ferocity were displayed in all their comic gbast- Kness ; and Mr.. Bregazzi, the indefatigable Hos« pital secretary, as " Quasimodo" was horribly ludi crous and showed his talent For burlesque better than ever. We have uot space to particularise the .many sports entered upon, and would refer those who wish for finished and carefully delineated de tails to the Maryborough Advertiser of. Wednesday last. The most gratifying part of the whole pro ceedings but remains to be recorded, and that con sists of the fact that oyer £500 was taken for the Hospital funds — a result in these times as surpris ing as satisfactory. We did not hear of a single accident, and congratulate the promoters of this truly good festival on the result attained. We have been requested, to announce that the Sub Treasury at Avoca will be closed on the 29th instant, in consequence of the Receiver and Pay master's presence being required at Talbot to con duct the land sale at that place. As will be seen by advertisement, Mr De Saxe, surgeon dentist of Ballarat, intends paying monthly visits to Avoca, He will be at the Avoca Hotel on the 3rd of May, where he raay . be consulted by anyone requiring his services. The Avoca Brass Band, it will be observed by a notification- in another column, intend treating the children.of the district to a monster pic nic on the 24th of May next (the Queen's Birthday), when we believe a variety of sports will be provided for their amusement. As the " children of.a larger growth" are also invited to attend, a pleasant day may be anticipated. We again remind our readers of the land sale to be held at Talbot on Friday next, many of the lots. to beioffered being situated within easy distance of Avoca. The heavy downpour of rain of the last few days has been welcomed witb no small amount of thank fulness by both farmers and miners. Already the whole face of the country has become changed, and where a few days ago nought could be seen but dust and barrenness a beautiful emerald sward has sprung into existence. Indeed the rapidity with which vegetation has followed the late genial show ers has 7>een almost incredible ; a farmer informed us during the week that the grass in his paddock had sprung up two inches high in one night. The dams and water holes in the district have all been filled, and farmers and stockholders look hopefully forward to a profitable season. One of those interesting events so meet and favorably to be regarded in new communities has happened during thepast week in the Confimation at Avoca by the Right Reverend the Bishop of Melbourne, of a large number of the youth of both sexes in St. John's Church of England. The num ber who presented themselves to have conferred upon them the holy rite was most cheering to men who look for the brightness and goodness in the future of those who are so rapidly springing up to lake their share in the fleeting scenes of this world. The look of those who had attained the necessary age, and had passed the examination by their clergyman, the Rev E. K. Yeatman, must have brought a vivid and touching remembrance into the minds of many amongst us. Neat, trim, silent, sincere and orderly, row after row knelt at the altar and received the blessing with decorum and propriety. The services on Sunday were conducted by the Bishop assisted by the resident minister, and in the morning the former preached an eloquent sermon, as also in the evening, which were listened to with wrapt attention. The other services were equally impressive and appropriate, and were calculated to do much service in the great cause of Episcopalian religious observances. On Monday the Sunday School children had innocent en joyment provided for them by the Rev Mr Yeat man on the grounds near the parsonage where amusements were entered upon and refreshments provided for a happy, fluttering crowd of juveniles. Seldom has such a ceremony been productive of so much satifaction as has been expressed by parents children and friends. 'The manager of the Albion reports 7Soz for nine days, and the miue looking well. At the Moonambel Police Court, on Thursday, James Carroll was charged with using threatening language to Jane Churchill, at Moonambel. After considerable evidence on both sides the case was dismissed. " There was a cross summons after the bearing of which the Bench bound Carroll over to keep the peace for twelve months in one surety of £10 and himself in the same amount. After the above a revision court was held. ' . A public meeting was held at Percydale on Tues- r day last of the inhabitants and others favourable to the establishment of a Wesleyan Church there. : The Rev. J. Nicholson was the highly" appropriate and earnest chairman, A building committee was i formed, and not to lose time a site for a temporary ; church "was chosen near Mr Baxter's residence. The building will be of wood and so constructed as to seat, upwards of 100. worshippers. The church" is progressing in intention as 20 or 30 members are enrolled. General Tom Thumb, his wife, with Commodore Nutt and Miss Minnie Warren make their first appearance before Avoca audiences ou Monday afternoon and evening at Trevena's Theatre, being mi » ' ; < 1 two entertainments. Tins interesting group are-so well known, almost throughout the world, that to repeat their special attractions would be superfluous I even " under the Pyrenees." From all we read and gather the whole of the arrangements are of the most perfect kind, under the smart management of Mr Ned Davis, the experienced agent engaged. No doubt there will be a crowded hall on the occasion, as the opportunity will in all probability never occur again. There is a new rush in the neighborhood of Darling Flat, of which glowing, and we have every reason to believe, authentic accounts have reached us. : The sinking is described as being of the kind "likely to stand" for along time. The precise locality jwi'll be found to be between Barkly and Narvarre, easily reached by- the route through Avoca from places to the east, and north of that place taking Moonambel as a good place to start for. We hope to be able to publish a detailed and authentic account as the ground is further developed. At present we hear that several holes have been. bottomed with fine prospects, one on- Thursday last ; yielding one ounce and a half from the bottom of the shaft sunk. Hundreds! are flocking to the new rush. We are enabled, to give , the distances from other known places with, tolerable accuracy. The locality of the rush is about twenty- ; five miles from Avoca, seven from Barkly and- twelve from Stuart Mill. From a private source we are glad to learn that work will very shortly be commenced by the Mel bourne and Avoca Gold Mining Company, the now owners of the late New Holland Company's ground. ; A meeting of the shareholders was held on Wednes day last in Melbourne, which passed off very satis factorily. The new company we understand has purchased tbe powerful plant late the properly o£ the Pactolus Company. A letter on the emigration question from a home . correspondent appears in another column, but we are sorry the writer's sentiments, with which to a certain extent we agree, are so hazily expressed- Telegraphio communication with Majorca was opened on Tuesday the 12th instant. Mr James,, the inspector of post and telegraph offices, installed- Miss Gearing into her new office a& post and tele graph mistress ; and the occasion was afterwards celebrated by a luncheon provided by the borough council. - The Victoria Meat Preserving Company (says the Argus), which, from a comparatively small cor poration of less than half a dozen individuals has been developed into a large company registered under ' the Limited Liability Statute, having been floated, we have considered the opportunity of inspecting the operations. It must be borne iu mind that the process employed by the Victoria Meat Preserving Company differs from most others, because the meat is rolled and packed in tallow, and may be described as almost untouched by salt and uncooked. It is the same meat that constitutes the penny din ners at Norton Folgate, the use of which by Com modore Lambert, "R.N., on the Pacific station has been" sanctioned by the admiralty, which the French Government of New Caledonia has approved, and upon which Mr Tallerman, the agent for its sale in Europe, was lately complimented by the French Emperor. The new company proposes to carry out its business on a very extended scale, and by no means to confine itsself to preserving meat in tallow but also in tins, and, if found to answer, according to professor Gamgee's new process. The Ararat Advertiser- says : — An accident, the the consequences of which may yet prove fatal, happened at Moyston on Saturday, about mid-day. A boy named David Bradford, aged nine, was following a pony, and throwing a stone at it ; when, coming within reach of the animal's heels, the pony | lashed out and struck the poor boy such a blow on the forehead as to crush in part of the skull half an inch below the level of the rest of the bone. The boy was immediately brought to the Ararat Hos pital where, after consultation by tbe resident and honorary staff, the depressed piece of bone was removed by operation, and the boy has now a bole in his skull the size of a florin. Hares must be on the increase in the Werribee district. On Friday night one was run down and killed by a train on the railway, and was picked up on the following momma1. The Argus learns from a communication for warded from Goolwa, South Australia, by the steamer Queen, that the Darling has risen fourteen feet and that all the South Australian boats which have for some time been unable to navigate the streams are released, and are coming down, wool- laden, with the flood. 