ALLOCUTION OF THE EIGHTH OF DECEMBER. -9 ? (From the Correspondent of the Catholic Opinion.) ' Rome, Dec 9. ' I. send you the Allocution cleJiveieci yes terday by His Holiness at the Opening of the Council, and hope it will be in time for your next issue. ' Venerable Brethren,— That which We asked of God by many supplications and prayers— to be enabled to inaugurate the (Ecumenical Council appointed by Us— lias been granted, to our great joy, by the singu lar grace of God. Our heart, therefore, exults in the Lord, and is filled with incon ceivable consolation, because on this most auspicious anniversary of the festival of the Immaculate Conception of the Virgin Mary, Mother of God, you who have been called to Tiarticinate in 'Our solicitude have assem bled in greater numbers than in former years in this Citadel of the Catholic religion, and We thoroughly rejoice in your presence. Now Venerable Brethren, you are assembled here in the name of Christ, that with Us you may bear testimony to the Word of God and Jesus Christ, that you may teach the way of God in truth to all men together with Us, and that you may judge with Us, under the guidance of the Holy Ghost, ot the opposition of science, falsely so called. For if ever there was a time when zeal for the Divine glory and the salvation of the Lord's flock demanded of us to go round the walls and defend Sion, it is now. For you see, Venerable Brethren, with what violence the Old Enemy of the human race X,-,^. o-H-nr-1rn/-1 n ri r\ atii! il.t.t.fl.olrR. tullP. HoUSe of XlcLo tuul'H Vvr«^-'^-1 , «a.ii\\-*- wwiit. ?-« «-««'—, ? — God. Under his guidance that wicked con spiracy of the impious is widely diffused. Strong in union, powerful in wealth, pro tected by institutions, and full of insolences, it dees not cease its most bitter war against the sacred Church of Christ, You know the nature of that war— its power, its arms, its progress, its councils. You have continually before your eyes the trouble and confusion, the greivous perversion of all right, the var ious arts of bold lying and corruption by which the wholesome bonds of justice, integ rity, and authority, are loosened, the worst passions are inflamed, the Christian faith rooted out from souls, so that the end of God's Church might well be feared now, if it were for it to be destroyed by any machina tions or endeavours of man. But, as S. John Chrysostom said, nothing is more powerful than the Church— the Church is stronger than earth and heaven.' ' Heaven and earth shall pass away, but My words shall not pass away.' What, words 1 ' Thou art Peter and on this rock I shall build My Church, and the gates of hell shall not pre vail against it.' 