FOUNDATION-STONE LAYING BY LADY EDITH FERGUSSON. The foundation-stone of Chnstchurch, Strath- albyn, was laid on the afternoon of February 25, by Lady Edith Fergusson, in the presence of a large concourse of spectators. Her Ladyship was accompanied by Sir James Fergusson and his Aid-de-Carap, the Bishop of Adelaide, Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. W. A. Clay- field and C. G. Taplin. The preparatory service having been conducted by the Bishop, Dr. Ferguson handed the trowel to Her Ladyship, who, after the preliminaries, placed the level on the stone, and declared it well and truly laid. In a cavity had been placed a bottle, in which on vellum was the following record:—"The foundation-stone of Christchurch, Strathalbyn, was laid by Lady Edith Fergusson on the 25th day of February, 1870, being the 33rd year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson, Bart., being Governor-in-Chief of the Province of South Australia, and the Right Rev. Augustus Short, D.D., Bishop of the Diocese, the Trustees being Messrs Hugh Ferguson, Francis Miller, and Henry Prince. Architects— Messrs. English and Rees." There were also coins of the realm, together with copies of the Register and Advertiser of that day's date, and the Southern Argus of Feb. 19\. The Bishop then declared the stone laid in the faith of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. After a collection had been made and a hymn sung, the Bishop of Adelaide delivered an ad- dress characterized by liberality of sentiment, and then thanked Lady Edith Fergusson for her kind- ness. The Rev. Dean Russell next spoke, and the benediction was pronounced. Dr. Ferguson stepped forward, bearing a crimson velvet cushion, on which was laid the silver trowel, which, in the name of the Trustees, and on behalf of the congregation, he requested Lady Edith to accept, and the presentation was gracefully acknowledged. It was in design and workmanship a fac-simile of the one presented to the Duke of Edinburgh on laying the founda- tion-stone of Prince Alfred College, and bore the inscription, " Presented to Lady Edith Fer- gusson, on her laying the foundation-stone of Christchurch, Strathalbyn, 25th February, 1870." At half- past 4 a public tea was held at the schoolroom of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, when about 100 partook of a bountiful spread. At half-past 6 the Bishop preached at the Court- House to a crowded audience. The choir, led by Mr. W. Fisher on the harmonium, sang some choice selections during the various ser- vices. The collection on the ground in the after- noon amounted to £23 3s. 8d., and the day's total proceeds to £32 2s. 