ROBERT ASHTON'S WEDDING-<*> DAY. [By Johnny Ludlow, in the Argosy.] The hall clock was striking half-past 5 as we went out into the sharp night air ; Mr. and Mrs. Todhetley I, and Tod. Old Coney's dinner was for 6; but Old Coney's dinner was for 6; but country people don't know anything about the fashion of dashing in at the last stroke. It was cold, and no mistake ; the snow lay on the ground ; the stars shono like silver. This was" New Year's Day; and to-morrow, the second of January, Jane Coney would be married to Robert Ashton, of Timberdale. The Ashtons were to dine to-night at the Farm, and we had been asked to meet them. If everybody sat down upon his own level, we should shoot up some de grees over the Coney's heads in the scale of the globe's ladder ; for old Coney was only a plain farmer; and you've learnt by this time what the Squire was. But they were right down good people, and made the best neighbors in the world. We had but to cross the road; and old Coney had had it swept for us. It was an old-fashioned farm-house, full of nooks _ and angles, with one ugly, big room in it, oak-panelled. The cloth was laid there for to-night, the breakfast would be for the morrow. Old Coney I and Sirs. Coney came out of the drawing f room to meet us; that was small and snug, with a winning pattern of roses on its white-watered walls. He was jolly ; she, plain, homely, and sensible. Jane was quiet, like her mother; very well she looked, standing on the carpet in her pretty blue silk dress. Tom, a tall, strong young fellow, with a red face, lifted her out of the way by the waist, that he might shake hands all round. The eldest daugher, Mary West, was staying there with her nurse and baby ; she looked ill, and got up only for a minute from her chair by the fire. Her husband was a lawyer, in practice at Worcester. Another young lady was sitting by, with light frizzed hair: Mrs. James Ashton. Before we had settled down, wheels were heard. It was Robert Ashton's dog-cart, bringing his two brothers, Charles and James; and Mary.West's husband. Miss Jane's cheek? turned as red as a rose for nothing; Robert Ash ton had not come yet. I had better say who the Ashtons were. Old Ashton-(the father) had lived at Timberdale. Court always. .It was one of the best farms in all Worcestershire. Old Ashton lived in good style:; educated his children,- and'started them well in life. Lucy, the, eldest, married a Cap tain Bird, who'turned out to be a fright ful scamp. Robert remained on the farm with his father; Charles was a clergyman; James~a doctor. Everybody respected old Ashton. It was about three years now since he died, and he left a good pot of money behind him. Robert succeeded to the farm, and it was he who was to marry Jane Coney to morrow. They went up stairs with their carpet bags, having come direct from Worcester by train, Robert Ashton's dog-cart had been waiting, as arranged, at Timberdale Station to bring them on. Mrs. James Ashton came over earlier in the day with Mrs. West. Robert and Charles Ashton were both fine young men; but the doctor was slight and short. Now I hope all that's clear; because it was needful to say it. What with looking at the presents, the time passed. They were laid out on a table against the wall, on a snow-white damask cloth of rare beauty. "Look here," whispered Mrs. Coney, taking up a scented blue and white case of satin ribbon and beads for keeping pocket handkerchiefs in. "Poor Lucy Bird sent this. She must have made it herself ; a thing like this, bought, would be as much as 15 or 16 shillings. It came almost anonymously:— * With best love and ever kind wishes for Robert and Jane,' written on it; but we knew Lucy's handwriting." " Where are they now 1" asked Mrs. Todhetley, in the same mysterious whisper. "I fancy they are staying somewhere in Worcester. We should have liked to get Lucy over for the wedding; but— you know how it is ; we could not ask him." Mrs. Todhetley nodded. There's some thorn in most families, and Lucy was the one in that of Ashton. She was educated at the best school in Worcester, and came home at 18 brim-full of romance. It was her nature, not the school. You'd hardly have found so pretty and senti mental a girl in the county. Because her name happened to be Lucy Ashton, she identified herself with Scott's Lucy Ash ton, and looked out for a Master of Ravenswood. These sentimental girls sometimes come to^rief; for they possess but three parts~of their share of plain common sense. The Master of Ravens wood came in the shape of Captain Bird, a tall, dark man, with a flaming coat and fierce moustache. He paid court to Lucy; and she fell in love with him before a week was over. The Ashtons turned their backs upon him; there was some thing in the man they did not like, in spite of the red coat and the black mous tache. But he came over Lucy—he had heard of her fortune, you see—and she promised to marry him. She was a gentle, , yielding, timid girl then ; but her love was strong, and she ran away. She ran away; and was married the same morn ing at St. Helen's Church, in Worcester, in which parish Bird had been staying. It was the talk of the county; but when the clatter had subsided, everybody began to pity Lucy, saying she would have plenty of time and cause for repentance. After all, he was not a real captain. He had sold out, and there rose a rumor that he had done something or other wrong, and was obliged to selL Old Ashton had loved Lucy better than all his children. He forgave the marriage for Lucy's sake, and had them home on a visit, and pre sented her with a handsome sum. But he made a great mistake—Tve heard the Squire say it often—in not settling it upon her. Bird got out of it as soon as he could; and he would have got out of some more that came to Lucy when her father died, only that it was left in Robert ABhton's hands to be paid to her quar terly. People called Bird a blackleg. He was about the worst man that ever stepped. Robert had offered Lucy a home at Timberdale Court; but she would not quit her husband; she had married him, she said, for better or for worse. If he came to be transported—and he was going on for it—€he chances were that Lucy would follow him to Van Diemen's Land. "I say, there's 6 o'clock," exclaimed Mr. Coney. "Jane, what have you done ; with Robert ?" ''Not anything, papa. He said he . should be here half-an-hour before din • ner." ! "And it will soon be half-an-hour after it," returned old Coney. "If he does [ not make haste, we shall sit down with out him.'' The clock an the mantelpiece went ticking on, and struck half-past 6. Din | ner. The Squire led off the van with i Mrs. Coney. Tod laid hold of Jane. •■ "Pll be in Robert's plt>ce while I can, • Jenny." ! The oak-room was a surprise. It , looked beautiful. The dark walls were i quite covered with holly and ivy, mixed ; with the blossoms of the laurestinas and 1 some bright flowers. Old Thomas (borr > rowed from us) and the maids stood by , the sideboard ; it glittered with silver. i The. Coneys had their stores as well as ' other people, and did things well when j > they did them at all. On the table was a I \ large codfish, garnished with horseradish i " and lemon. Our names were before our , places, and we took them without bustle, I Robert Ashton's next to Jane, being left • vacant. ' " For -what——" I A feint shriek interrupted the Rev. i Mr. Ashton, and the grace was broken off. Lifting his head, towards the quarter whence the Bhriek came, he saw bis sister in-law with a scared face. "We are thirteen !" said Mrs. James Ashton. " I beg your pardon, Charles — I beg every one's pardon—but indeed we must not sit down thirteen to dinner on New Tear's Day. I would not for any money!" " What nonsense, my dear," cried her husband, rather crossly. " Robert will be here directly." It was of no use. All the ladies took her part, saying they ought not to sit down. And there we all stood, uncertain what to be at, the dinner hovering in mid air like Mahomet's coflin, and not to be eaten. " There are two days in the year when it is not well to sit down thirteen ; New Year's Day and Christmas Day," said Mrs. Todhetley ; and the rest held with her. " Are we all to go back to the drawing room, and leave our dinner ?" demanded old Coney, in wrath. " Where the plague is Robert? Look here; those that won't sit down thirteen can go, and those that don't mind it can stop." " Hear, hear.'" cried the Squire. But Jane Coney went gliding to her mother's side. "I will wait for Robert in the drawing- room, mamma, and you can sit down twelve. Yes, please; it is best so. Indeed I could not eat if I stayed." " Shall we send you some dinner in, child ?" asked Mr. Coney. " No, thank you, papa. I would like best to take it with Robert when he comes." "All right," said old Coney. "Johnny, you go over to that side, to make the table even. We'll have the grace now, parson." And the parson said it. It was a dinner that pleased the Squire's heart. He had a mortal objec tion to what he called kickshaws, mean ing the superfluous dishes you get at a modern entertainment. The. Coneys never had kickshaws, only a plain, sub stantial dinner, the best of ifcs'kind. "Coney, I never taste such oyster-sauce as yours, go where I will," 'cried the Squire. "It can't be matched." Old Coney winked ; as much as to say he knew it. " The missis gives an eye to that,' yot> see, Squire," he answered, in a side whisper. "She had been in the kitchen till you came." The Squire took another ladle-fulL He went once or twice to every dish, and drank champagne with all of us. But still Robert Ashton did not come. I slipped round to Mrs. Coney when the plum- pudding appeared, whispering that I would take a slice to Jane. "So you shall, Johnny," she said, giving me some on a plate, and putting a mince-pie beside it. " She'll have no luck unless she eats a bit of pudding and pie on the first day of the year." Jane sat in an elbow-chair before the fire, her head leaning sideways on her hand, her hair a little tumbled. It was very nice hair, dark chesnut, and her eyes were hazel. Robert Ashton was fair-haired and blue-eyed; Saxon all over, and very good-looking. "I have brought you some pudding, Jane." "Oh, Johnny, why did you leave the table ? I can't eat it." " But Mrs. Coney says yon are to; and some mince-pie, too, or else you'll have no luck." 1 As if in obedience she ate a small bit of the pudding, cut a quarter out of the mince-pie with her fork, and ate that. "There, Johnny, that's enough for 'luck.' You go back now to your dinner, I daresay you've not had any pudding." 'Til stay with you, and eat this, as it is going begging." She neither said yes nor no. She was looking frightfully uneasy. "Are you vexed that Robert Ashton's not here, Jane V "I am not vexed; becaase I know he would have been here if he could. I think something has happened to him." I stared at her. " What 2 because he lis a little late in coming ? Why, Jane, you must be nervous." She kept looking into the fire, her eyes fixed. I sat on the other side the hearth ; the empty pudding-plate with its fork standing on the rug between us, where 1 had put it. « "Robert was sure to come for this dinner, Johnny, all being well, aud to be in time." "Tell me what you fear, Jane—and why." " I think I wiil tell you," she said, after a pause. "I should like to tell some one. I wish I had told Robert when he called this morning ; but I was afraid he would laugh at me. You will laugh, too." And Jane Coney told it. In a low, I dread voice, her eyes staring into the fire as before, just as though they could see through the blaze into the future. Early that morning she had had a dream ; a nasty, disagreeable, ugly dream about Robert Ashton. She thought he was in some frightful peril, that she cried out to him to avoid it, or it would stop their marriage. He seemed not to take the least notice of her, but to go right on to it; and in the alarm this brought her, she awoke. I listened in silence, saying nothing to the end ; no, nor then. j " The dream was so intensely real, Johnny. It seemed to be to-day; this very day then dawning ; and we both of «s knew that it was ; the one before our marriage. I woke up in a fever; and but that it was night and not day, should have had a difficulty to persuade myself at first that we were not really enacting the scene—it was, as I say, so vividly real. And Robert went out to the peril, never heeding me." " What was the peril ?" "That's what I can't tell. A con sciousness lay upon "me that it was some thing very bad and frightful ; but cf its nature 1 saw nothing. I did not go to sleep again; it must have been about G o'clock, but the mornings are very dark, j'ou know. I got up soon; what with this dinner-party and other things, there has been a great deal to do to-day, and I soon forgot the dream. Robert called after breakfast, and the sight of him put me in mind of it. I felt a great inclina tion to tell him to take especial care of himself; but he would only have laughed at me. He drove away direct to the Timberdale station, to take the train for Worcester." She did not say what he had gone there for, though. To get the ring and licence. "I have not felt the smallest fear of the dream all along, Johnny, since I awoke. Save for the few minutes Robert was here, I don't remember even to have thought of it. But when the others— his brothers and Mr. West—came in with out him, it flashed over me like a thunder bolt. I felt sure then that something had happened. I daresay we shall never be married now." " Jane!" " Well, Johnny Ludlow, I think it." To me it seemed to be getting serious. There might be nothing at all in what she said ; most people would have said there was nothing; but, sitting there in the quiet room listening to her earnest voice, seeing her anxious face, a feeling came over me that there was. What had be come of Robert Ashton ? Where could ho be? " I wish you'd give me that shawl of mamma's,'1 she said, pointing to one on a chair. " I feel cold." She was shivering when I put it over ] her pretty wliite shoulders and arms. And yet the fire was roaring to the very top of j the grate. " Alone here, while yon were all at dinner, I went over all kinds of proba bilities,** she resumed, drawing the shawl round her as if she were out in the snow. " Of course there arc five hundred things that might happen to him, but I can only think of one," "Well?"—forshestopped. She seemed to be speaking very unwilllingly. "If he walked he would be almost sure to come ~the near way, across the Ravine." Was she ever coming to the point ? I said nothing. It was better to let her go on in her own way. " I dare say you will say the idea is very far-fetched, Johnny. What I think is, that he may have fallen down the Ravine." Well, I did think it far-fetched. I'd as soon have expected her to say fallen down the chimney. " Those zig-zag paths are not very safe in good weather, especially the one on the Timberdale side," she went on. '' With the snow on them, perhaps ice, they are positively dangerous. One false step at the top—and the fall might kill him." Pat in this way, it seemed feasible enough. Bat yet—somehow I did not take to it. " Robert Ashton is strong and agile, Jane. He has come down the zig-zag hundreds of times." " Iseem to see him lying there, at the bottom of the Ravine," she said, staring as before into the fire. " I—wish—some of you would go and look for him." " Perhaps we had better. 11l make one. Wh?'stJus?" It was Tom Coney. His mother had sent him to see after me. I thought rd tell him—keepingcounsel about the dream —that Robert Ashton might have come to grief in the Ravine. " What kind of grief ?". asked Tom. " Turned a sammerset 'down - the zig zag, and be lying with a leg broken." Tom showed all his white teeth; the notion amused him excessively. " What else would you like to suppose,' Johnny 1" " At any rate, Jane thinks so." She turned round then, the tears in her eyes, and went np to Tom in' a burst of grief. It took him aback. / ■■ " Tom ! Tom ! if no one goes to see after him, I think I must go myself. I can't bear the suspense much longer!" " Why, Jenny girl, what has taken you?" That had taken her. The fear that Robert Ashton might be lying disabled or dead in the Ravine. Tom Coney called Tod quietly out of the dining room, and we three started. Patting en our coats in silence, we went out at the back door, which was nearest the Ravine. Jane came with us to the gate. I never saw such eager eyes as hers were, when she threwthem out across the snow in the moonlight. " Look here," said Tom; "we had better tuck our trousers up." It was not pleasant, lean assure you, especially the going down the zig-zag. Jane was tight about its being slippery; we had to hold on by the trees and bushes, and tread cautiously. When pretty near the bottom, Tod made a false step, and shot down into the snow. " Murder!" he roared out. "Any bones broke ? " asked Tom Coney, who could hardly speak for laughing. Tod growled, and shied a handful of snow at liim. But the slip brought home to us the probability of the fear about Robert Ashton. To slip from where Tod did, was fun; to slip from the top of the zig zag quite another thing. The snow here at the bottom was up to our calves, and the black trousers got rolled ap higher. The moonlight lay cold and widte <m the Ravine; the clustering trees, thick in summer, were leafless now. Had anj fellow been gazing down from th«> top, we must have looked, to him, like -.three black-coated undertakers, gliding alotrgto a funeral. " I'll tell you what." cried Tod- "" & Ashton did lose his footing, he'd not come to such mortal grief. L The depth of snow would save him." " I don't believe he did fall," said Tom Coney, stoutly. "Bob Ashton's as sure-footed as a hare. But for Jane being bo miserable, Fd have said, flat, Pd not come out on any such -wild-goose errand." On we went, wading through the sea of snow. Some of as looked round for the ghost's light, and did not sea it. Bat rumor said that it never' came on a bright moonlit night. Hero we were at last I—at the foot of the .other zig zag. But Robert Ashton wasn't here. And the best proof that he had «ot fallen j was, the unbroken surface of t?he snow. Not so much as a rabbit had! scudded across to disturb its smoothness. *' 1 knew it," said Tom Coney. "He has not come to grief at aIL It stands to reason that a fellow must have heaps to do the day before bis wedding, if ifs only in burning his old love-letters. Bob had a heap of them, no doubt; and couldn't get away in time for dinner." "We had better go on to bis house, and see," I said. "Oh, that be hanged/ cried the other two in a breath. " Well, I shall. It's not much farther. You can go back, or not, as you like." This zig-zag, though steeper than the one on our side, was not so slippery. Perhaps the sun had shone on it in the day and melted the snow. I went up it nearly as easy as in good weatb«r. Tod and Coney, thinking better of the turning back, came after me. We should have been at Timiberdale Court in five minutes, taking the short cut over hedges and ditches, but for an adventure by the way, which the magazine would not give me space to tell of- It had nothing to do with Robert Asfeton. (retting to die Court we *mTntn«?w?/l jet it hotly till the door was opened. The servant started back in surprise. " Goodness me," said she, " I thought it was master." " j " Where is the master 1" asked Tom. " Not come home, sir. He has not been in since he left this morning." It was all out. Instead of pitchpolling into Crabb Ravine and breaking his limbs, Bob Ashton had not got back from Wor cester. It was very strange,, though, what could be keeping him, and the bouse was nearly in a commotion. When we got to the farm they were laying the table for the wedding break fast. Plenty of kickshaws now, and some lovely flowers. The ladies helping had their gown-skirts turned up. This help ing had not been in the evening's pro gramme ; but things seemed to have been turned upside down, and they were glad to seize upon it. Jane and her siotor sat alone by the drawing-room fire, never saying a word to one another. "Johnny, I don't half like this," whispered Mrs. Todhettey to me. " Like what, good mother?" " This absence of Robert Ashtoo," I don't know that I liked it either. ****** (TobcconUnucd.) I] 