THE EIAMA GHOST. It would seem that the Kiama ghost, about 'which there' has been so mush joking and jeering, has really turned up at last! and, as if to vindicate its character and put Boomers . to the Jhhish, has; oornni(mi-i-l to frighten the ,gbod folks pf Kiama out of their propriety- . One man has seen agigaitic speetre Aver six feet mheig&t;,' though it was minusahead ; land another has met with #e head minus theiwdyi afteri {tfmchrtapttesntoWUopeless^seirishtng: ThefoUowing paragraph from the XtomifOotHfill ,'»ehops«et aU doubt : at r^st for the future:— One night last week a young man ;w»s coming from' Shoalhaven, when he 'beheld what 'he TinitAirAD w-n Vn * »VtAa4 k« suMniklk* sumh Iflav. aha- f\— 1 crossing Mount Pleasant he was ridlnir leisurely along, the , night being dark, ftut sutBsiently light enough to enable him to djseem objects, when, without .- any previous 1 intimation, his torse started at something. Simultaneously a strange noise was heard, and on looldngdpwn to the side of \- the roar he beheld.the spectre. . The head was only visible, and he described « as being larger in itee thanaoow»s. The ears were as long as a person's ^nn,. ?while the eyes ap peared as large as a man's fist, and kept whirling round and round. Thefaone-immediatelyistartad, and did not halt, till near Kiama. We have been informed that another in dividual observed something startling one Sunday night, not long ago. about the small hours, i He was returning home, and when between Jf ount Pleasant and Kama,, .a creature In the form iof a man, about six net In height, wife black stripes down.each of bis legs, and minus a head, made its appearance very near his horse's heal. ' The In dividual lookediat it, «nd continued hjs course, but several' times he noticed it following him at a brisk pace. He im mediately put spurs to his bone and the ghost taking the hint quickened hie paoe. They meed for some distance when suddenly the spectre 'vanished into thin air.' Such are tbeinrcumstanoes as related to us. We refrain from giving any opinion on the matter. They were related to us in all smeerity onthenight'of the oeenmnee, and the witness was very nervous, and ' all of a shake.' 