TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR Why is drawing from nature infectious?—It's sketching. Advice to Spain.— As it's all Serrano, let it also be "all serene" oh! A Hint fob Life Insurance Companies.— Honesty the best policy. Why is a cot's tafi lite a swan's bresst? — Because it grows down. When is aa alderman like a ghost ? —When he is a goblin (gobbling). Why do ladies like a. north-east wind?— Be canse it brings chaps to their lips. In northern countries, by a wise prevision of nature, the mountains are clad in £rs. " Fes" Pbopose3 a Toast.—May education spread, bat never let it enable a cabman to count his horse's ribs. ; i A Definition.—Drawing lots—taking three I children in a go- cart to Kew. Casting lots— tnming them oreron the road. Shave.—How to give a young lady " a turn " —Get her to promise you the next waltz, and keep her going as long as you can stand. Carlyle, in his advice to young men, says, " If yon doubt whether to kiss a pretty girl, give her the benefit of the doubt." Driver —" Fly. ma'am ?" Old Lady—" Bless the man, me fly ? Why, it's as much as I can do to walk this muggy weather." "This is capital ale," said an old toper; "see how long it keeps its head!" " Ay," said a bystander; "bat consider how soon it takes away yours." A gentleman described to Jen-old the bride of a mutual friend. " Why, he is six foot high, and she is the shortest woman I ever saw. What taste, eh?' "Ay," Jerrold replied, "and only a taste !" A few years ago, an ingenious gentleman manage 1 to get drank gratuitously almost daily in the streets of London by falling down in a fit, with a small placard on his breast, " Dont bleed me but give me a glass of hot brandy and j water." i A gentleman, on being asked what he had for dinner, replied, '' A lean wife roasted, and the ruin of tnau tor sauce." What did his dinner consist oft' Of course yon give it up, and here's the answer—a spare rib and apple sauce. Artsmus Ward was fond of telegraphing, and studied it for amusement. He was a very good ,* sender." To the telegram of a California Lecture Committee, " What will you take for one hundred nights?" Artemns promptly re plied, "Brandy-and-water." A lady had a custom of saying to a favorite little dog, to make him follow her, " Come along, sir," A would-be wit stepped up to her one day, and accosted her with, "Is it me, madam, yoa called?"—"Ohno, sir," said the lady, "it was another puppy I spoke to." A lady thought it would look interesting to faint away at a party, when one of the company begin bathing her temples and head with vinegar, upon which she suddenly started np and exclaimed, " For Heaven's sake, put nothing on that will change the color of my hair!" "John, where was the clergyman's text last Sunday?" "Lot me s?e," said John, "I believe it was in. the . Oh, bother my short memory ! I can't recollect the place, but the words were, 'Sleep on noJtr, and-take your rest.' " "What did he make of that, John?" "I don't know," was the repljr; " for he's con tinually been telling us that "truth is always practical; so thinks Ito myself, I'll take you at your word for ouc<?, and I never awoke (ill after the Amen." A few days since a well-known lawyer, when at-ou t tc start on a railway journey, after taking his seat, found, on looking over his change, that the cletk had given him a shilling 100 much. He accordingly returned, and inform ing the clerk of his mistake, handed back the money. For a moment the clerk stood speech less, then, recovering himself, exclaimed, " Please stand still one moment, sir, and let me look at you—and a lawyer too." Here is a pretty little bit of French philo sophy. It is set down to the credit of a?pt?«i der Dumas, fils: —" Walk two hours every day. Sleep seven hours every night. Get op as soon as you wake. Speak ouly when necessary, and say ouly half what you think. Don't write anything but what you can sign. Think neither too much nor too little of money ; it is a good servant, but a bad master. Beware of women before you are 20; avoid them after you are 40." The following is a verbatim copy of a sign formerly to be seen over a shoemaker's shop in the village of Heallan, near Denbigh, Wsles. The schoolmaster woald seem to have Wen rather at fault when the sign was composed: — " Pryce Dyas, Coblar, daler in Bacco Shag and Pig tail, Eacon and Ginarbread Eggs hud every morning by me, and very good Paradise, in the Summer, Gentlemen and. Lady can have good Tae and Crumqaets and Strawburry with a scim milk, because I can't get no cream.—N.B. Shuse and Boots mended very well." Shortly after the commencement of the great struggle in the Crimea, an officer was sent from Sebastopol with important despatches, whxh he was ordered to carry with all speed to St. Petersburg, and deliver into the Emperor's own hands. The immense length and multiplied hardships of the journey, which was performed entirely by sledge, in the depth of winter, proved too much even, for the aQftary hardi hood of the messenger, who arrived at the capital in such a state of exhaustion that he had no sooner reached the Winter Palace and presented his despatches, than he staggered hack against the wall and fell fast asleep. Nicholas, having perused the paper, turned round and perceived the condition of his courier. ! He spoke to him, touched him, snook him—iv vain. At length he stooped down, and shouted. in the gruff voice of a Russian postmaster. " Vaske prevoschodildstro, lothadi ootori /" ("Your Excellency, the horses are ready!! At these words, which he had heard several times a, day for the last fortnight, the sleeprr sprang to his feet, and was petrified on discover, ing where he was ; but Nicholas only langhed. and dismissed him with a compliment on fau promptitude. Macreadt, and Phil Stoke, the Pbotertt Man.—Doringthe last season of Mr. Macready s management, poor Phil Stone had given some offence, 4md was discharged from his long held office. Not knowing ■what to do, he opened a tripe shop in Drary Lane. It was during son>« very hot weather in the Jane following hU dis missal, that Mr. George Wetland, a great wagin his way, informed him that the eaiinent Ifessee. though he had discharged him, would like to give him a torn, and slid he was to have a hu: sheep's head brought into Mr. Macready's dress ing-room on such an evening, so that after his great fatigue he might enjoy it. Accordingly Phil Stone brought his delicious corsel (as he thought) into the dressing-room, spread th little cloth, put the plate, knife, and fork, «. little salt, and the smoking hot dish in th > centre, ao4, farther, in acknowledgment of th. honor conferred, presented the lessee with a cool pint of porter, in a new and fcighly polished pewter pot. He tragedy ovtr, in _ stalked Macready, almost fainting with fatigue, and the excessive heat of the night. Phil Stone had squeezed himstK • into a remote corner of the roam, iv anticipation of the uncontrolled delight th • great man would experience on bsholding &v..;\ devouring the hot ehcep's head. No coon- - had Macready entered the room, than hs ci - claimed in a tragic tont\ " Why, what's tlsls * from whence proceeds this obnoxious smell Phil Stone, who was nat quits clear aa to tea literrl meaning of the word obnoxious, tUocgh it might be an expression of delight. Darrir.^ out of his corner, and rabling his hands with joy. he said, "It's the sheep's head you ordered. all hot, air."—"Hot, sir!" exclaimed thj lessee, " sheep's head ! What does it all mean ? Get oat of the place, yon litt'.e rascal, or 111 umph," and the tragedian showed Lis teeth. In a twinkling poor Phil Stone bundled op the whole affair, and scampered cut of tt,o room in a perfect fever, which ?„; jjirt.ai'y cooled by the entire contents of the pint pet being showered over him. A SPIRITUAL SALE. *' What a scandal, to take up a n^gp&per; and find whole columns devoted to the adver tisements of sales of livings; and to see tie tone and language of some of the ad vextisemen* ■ themselves."— Archbishop of Canterlurti": A4 dress, September 2, 1869. Going, going, going! Fm going to tell yon a tale, Stranger than any you ever could learn From spirits that rap or tables that turn, Of a very remarkable sale. Going, going, going! No need very far to go. Buy the Ecclesiastical Otuette, Where " Spiritual" goods and chattels are set, The zeal of unbeneficed clerks to whet, like " temporals " all of a row. Going, going, going! The articles selling here Are of Church preferment some rare tit-bits, And Simon Magus himwif he sits Enthroned as auctioneer. Going, going, going. (Number three hundred and eight) " The present incumbent is eighty-two;" Let's hope that he's ailing and feeble too, But, youthful apostles, in any caae you Can't have very long to wait. Going, going, going! Perchance it may help him on, When he hears the chink of the purchaser's gold. And knows his poor frail life is sold, We may trust very soon this disciple oJd Will he going, going, gone I Going, going, going! Number one is, of course, the best. "Walled gardens well stocked aui pleasure grounds," Tm free to confess, Mr. Bapter, it s rands Like an " everlasting rest." Going, going, going! George Robins, this smacks of you— " Magnificent views" and " a house replete With every convenience" the buyer may niepf, Who goes in for number two. Going, going, going! Reflect before yon refuse, The " views" described with cool effrontVy Aie simply views across the country, - And not " religious views." Going, going, going! Particulars miy be aeon, Though "confidentially'" names must lurk In that interesting spiritual woik, Simon Magus—his magazine. Going, going, going ! (Three hundred and twenty-five) " A lawn, and paddock, and pond of fish." If fishes, not "men," the rector may wish To "cure," for a future dainty dish, It's here he can " catch'em alive." Going, going, going! Here's a buyer "decliningpews.'' Ifa plain his sermon don't, draw rentei s. Another rather likes Dissenters— " Holds Evangelical views." Going, going, going ! The sooner it's going and gone, The sooner we call ourselves Mormon or Tmk, The better, " if this is Christian work," Or Christian *' goings on ! — London Punch. 