To the Editor of the Yass ('n j Dear 8ik, — I read in your issue of Friday Inst an incorrect and mutilated report of my speech in the General Assembly of onr Church as givon by tho Sudneu Ifornina Herald and nlthmnrh n controversial subject, I feel bound to reply to it, as somoofinv friends may think me unsound ou the very important subject of baptism. If vou bad inserted the Empire's brief report of what 1 said, I should liavo been saved tbo necessity of reply in g. 1 1 is I bus : — " 'I lie- l.'.-v . .Tuliu Gibson spoke on tbo duty of being careful as to who should be baptised. It was doliglitrul to soo parents coming forward and taking 011 themselves the solemn vows." ... Sir. I havo nyor repudiated tho unscriptural dogma thnt. baptism is essential to salvation, nnd that all iiidiaptised children nro excluded from heaven. Such views arc antagonkjic to tho spirit of tho Gospol, and conduct tuid exainplo of the Saviour, who said, "Suffer liltlo children to como unto 1110, and forbid them not, for of such is tlio kingdom of heaven." Wo know that millions die in infancy unbnptised, and aro Uicv lost? I boliovo not. Is tlio ritn or ordinance of baptism the ground of salvation, or is it- tho sncrifico nnd work of Christ? I boliovo tlio latter. Whon moil trust moro to ordinances and sacraments than tho ntononiont of the Son of God. thoy put ordinances in tho place of tlio Saviour, ami salvation is not in sacraments, but in Jesus Christ. I affirm that baptism, wjiilst a .solemn duty and privilege on the part of parents, is not essential to salvation. The thiol' 011 tho j cross wont to heaven without baptism, und Paul I thanked God that 1 laid not been sent "to I baptise, but to preach tho Gospel," and ho enumerates tho fow households ho baptised, j It is admitted that Miousmids of Baptists , administer baptism to adults only ; nud nro their children, who dio in infancy lost because tho rito of baptism was not- so'loinnisod ? I boliovo not. I hold as do Dr. Camming nud many others, tliut | millions of infants in hoiithondom who dio nro j saved through virtue, not of water, but tlio | atoning blood of tlio Saviour, although never 1 baptisod. j It is well known, Mr. Editor, thnt somo Prosbytorian ministers bnptiso only tho children j of thoso who aro communicants. I go further, j and baptise thoso whoso parents aro under j Christian histruction, nnd who- desire and ; solemnly promise to bring i:p their children in ! .l.« i , ? y I .... i-uu ciiriHiimi religion, x nuvo occasionally nutl to refuso baptism to some whoso lives woro immoral and whoso offspring woro not horn in lawful wedlock, and I liavo stilted to such per sons that if thoy would got marriud and ondoavour to load a good life and como under Christian instruction, I would baptise their children. On somo occasions whon I havo pointed out the groat ovil of living contrary to the law of God (n3 many did whon I was in Janviion). nnd stilting that I could not bnptiso their offspring unless thoy got married nnd led a new lifo. thoy havo gone toother ministers and received the rite of baptism, nnd thus sin 1ms boen winked nt, and solemn promise's inado by thomsolvos or otliors have often provod a religious inookory ami delusion. Tho case you refer to, or rathor tho Herald's stat-oinout, is briefly thus :— A man who had lived many years with the mother of tho ohild onmo to ino to baptise thoir infant, who was prematurely born mid was fast dying, and as ho held strongly tho unscriptural dogma that unless the child wus baptised it would bo lost, I snid I would pray for tho child, hut us baptism was more a servico for life Mian death, I could not baptise it ; if, however, the child got bettor, nnd they would marry and try to bring up tlio child in the right way, I would bo happy to bnptiso it. I told him, and I havo told others, and I repent it, that whon a child is sick and dying there is no need of undue haste to hnve the child baptised, as its want of baptism will not oxclude it from honven. The views qf good men differ widely on thin subject, and I liavo known ministers refuso baptism in this and oilier oonntrios whore there could not lio found godfalhers to stand for tbo children, but Presbyterians hold that tho parents only aro tho right sponsors, Sir. I love and ndmiro Christian baptism as Q most solemn and interesting service, and it is the dntv of parents to attend to tlio outward sign, hut not. to make it essential to salvation. I con tend that baptism, unless followod by Christian instruction, oxnmplo, and prayer, avuileth not. Whilst I admit thnt multitudes go to heaven who have novel boon liaptisod, I do not go so far as souio and refuse Christian bnriul to tin- baptised infnnts. If nn unbnptised infant in doomod unworthy of Christian burial, how can lie bo regarded as fit to entor tho society of bonven? , People arodrivon from ono extreme to tho other, ' and say a« non-baptism exoludos from boavoti/ so bnptibiu Rdmits into houvon, nnd such reason ng ignores tho fundamental principles of tho Gospol nnd fosters tho sorious delusion that salvation is of watorand ordinances. Sir, whilst I am no boliover in baptismal regeneration, I boliovo it is tho duty of parents to dodicato thoir children to God in baptism and to follow up tho sarao with Christian instruction. "Train up a child in tho way ho should go," for the Holy Spirit regenerates not. by water, but by tho truth of tho Gospel. In conclusion, I boliovo what is taught in our excellent, confession of faith, " Baptism is a suurumeiit wherein tho washing with water in the mimo of the Father, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost, doth signify and seal our ingrafting into Christ, and partaking of tho benofits of tho covenant of gr ice, and our ongagu- ment to bo tho Lord's," A-c. J regrot I havo boon compolled to enter upon — tTvia subjoct of explanation, as it is not woll to occupy n secular journal with religious contro versy, and I must apologise for occupying so mncfi sdoco. — I am. &c..; JOHN GIBSON. 