I THE OCUMENICAL COUNCIL. Having published from the Times and other papers, accounts of the opening of the Council, portions of which were tinged with a party or sectarian bias, we extract from the Tasmanian Catholic Standard an account of the opening from another point of view The 8th December, 1869 a day sacred to the Immaculate Conception of the ever glorious Mary Mother of God-was fixed upon for the opening of the Oecumenical Council, but " the eve of that great festival is the date from which anything like a detailed description of the Council must begin." On the morning of the 7th of December every altar in Rome was crowded with com- municants for the intentions of the. Pope, thousands of persons choosing that day to fulfil their jubilee. From daybreak the masses went on without interruption till nearly one, alike in the parochial and con- eventual churches, an immense number being celebrated by the foreign clergy and Bishops within reach. The Vigil was observed as a strict fast, many of the more devout Roman families keeping it on bread and water in the primitive fashion. At midday the batteries of S. Angelo, and the belfries of Koine simultaneously announced that the day was come, which had been so long and so ardently desired by the lovers of the Church and feared by her enemies, which was sat for the resurrection of many, and by God's mercy we may hope for the fall of none ; ? which to the separated churches is a loving call to Unthread the rude eye of rebellion, And welcome back again discarded Faith, and which to every living Catholic is a message of hope, of courage, and united action for the latest and most deadly struggle the Church may perhaps be engaged in. On the 8th December, the greatest day the Eternal City ever saw, " all Rome was awake and abroad before the first break of daylight ; before the brazen tongues of the campanile had begun to stir the air before the mortars of the Angels' Port had begun to call on their fellows of Mount Aventine to announce the gathering of the Lord's people. Pedestrians were picking their way through the mud, and vehicles of every form dashing madly through the midst of them, intent only on disposing of one " fare " in time to return and ply with another. As if to try their devotion, the air was chilly, and the sky overclouded, and a drizzle of rain gave way now and then to a downright shower, which in turn mercifully subsided in- to a drizzle ; but determination and warmth of heart were proof against all, and on, and on, and still on, the persistent multitude continued to flow towards S. Peter's in utter faith in its exhaustless capacity. Nevertheless, at last I believe for once it was literally full-an event not yet achieved in this century. If the weather had been finer, and more had wanted to come, I do not know where they could have found room. There was such eagerness that once' or twice the throng pressed on the soldiers keeping ready the procession line, till a murmur ran through the faint-hearted saying the Garibaldiiins were attempting a disturbance, but it was only the fretful impatience of the devout, who could not bear to be kept away from the sight on which they had come to feast their eyes. Those who came earliest had an advantage denied to those who took the pilgrimage more easily and the' descriptions I hear make me regret I was not one of those early ones, for never again in the life of one generation can there be afforded such a mystic view as that presented ; the in pouring of the greys colourless silhouettes in fantastic motions and groupings, full of earnest life, yet dwarfed to pigmies by the far-off lines of the architectural enclosure, to which fancy-could attach any personality it pleased, like the faces in the fire, or the nondescript imaginings of one of Dorii's bizarre pictures. Were they men, or were they ants, or more likely still were they springs one had come upon unawares " in a cavern under the roots of the ocean," getting ready the machinery which moves all the puppets on this earth ball for their daily task ? Ghi To sa a who could tell ! . . . but for the perpetual light of truth spreading its ever calm, unvarying ray from the Apostolic Shrine. Then the gradual breaking in of dawn, with its sensations always so fresh and so inspiring, here fraught with new charms as it lighted up, first the glories of the glittering span overhead, then shrine after shrine, and monument after monument, beauty after beauty, till at last it reached the seething antill of the population below and while it dispelled the fairy-like suggestions of the earlier hours, yet exposed to view a scarcely less fantastic reality. | The laity were certainly the first to arrive i by two or three hours, but soon after seven some matutinal bishops traversed the privileged bridge, some of the Orientals being among the first to arrive at the nucleus of the proceedings, as they had been first to reach Rome, like the Eastern Kings of the First Epiphany, themselves symbolising the dawn of the rising Sun of Truth. Soon after began to arrive, the appointed deputa- tions of parochial and I'ogularclei- gyjCollecting till they formed an imposing phalanx, or sort of spiritual guard of honour. The ladies' pales (there was only one) was facing the entrance to the .4i{?ii,b,ut not raised at the ordinary functions, the view being, of course, across the Altare princeps. By half , past 7 o'clock it seemed quite full, but por I severing dames who had come prepared with the due allowance of black lace drapery continued persistently to assert their right to take their part in this not the least characteristic and pleasing of the traditional accessories ; there is a limit to all things, and many had at last to mingle in the gathering together, supplying quo more element to its universally representative character. Meantime the hours were flying by and the multitude, which had so long been struggling in breathless expectation over the pavement which their passing foot Irid rendered as muddy and slippery as the very streets, became gradually so wedged that further resistance was impossible-sohlondod together into one heaving mass that it aptly set forth a living type of the spiritual construction of the Church, reaching, as it did, from the very Holy of Holies, the Shrine of the Apostles, with the Vniieralilo " lifted up" thereon, to the outer vestibule and to the Sala Regia, so that the least inovoraetit at one end instantaneously pervaded the whole. Two such movements there were the first was when quietly and almost in silence the Blessed Sacrament was placed on the High Altar, and the multitude turned and bowed their heads, the effort to kneel being only possible here and there when some inequality of the architectural lines afforded an adventitious extra dole of space. Subsequently the Moustvanoo was veiled. It was then half-past eight. Expectation was now at its highest, and the living tableau of the corpus ecelcsUe seemed to breathe with one breath ; then suddenly there came another thrill, pressing inward from the great western doors, and it was known by all that the Procession had started. It was nine o'clock. Faintly the ear of the multitude caught up the distant chant of the Sistine Choir, breathing then measured prayer, " Come Holy Ghost," at long intervals intervals so long that each was sensibly louder than the last, and the whole period so long that the Procession might have been coming all the way from Heaven It will be remembered the windows in S, Pi. tor's Ora nil stood at a considerable height, Perhaps one of the most imposing features of the whole Function was the appearance of the Procession as its long line swept down the magnificent Sala Regia. I was fortunate enough to get a standpoint near the bottom of the flight, in the place reserved for those members of the meat Roman families who desired to view this portion of the proceedings without the trouble of putting on gala attire. I had no reason to regret the choice of position. For more than three quarters of an hour the line of Bishops kept slowly passing before us ; they walked two and two, flanked by their attendant chaplains, except now and then, when a venerable prelate through age, weakness, or blindness, had to be conducted singly, and as one saw his tottering steps picturesquely steadied by the arm of a ministrant, one could not but ponder on the faith which had enabled such to undertake the journey from a far country at the call of obedience. Very wonderful was the whole sight, a thing to be remembered for a lifetime. One' might have spent years of travel, and. scarcely come acquainted with greater varieties of type. There were, I think, one hundred and thirty prelates of our own country and her dependencies, representing, probably, a territory of greater extent than those of any other kingdom ; there were men young and I florid, men in the full strength of middle age, and then, again, men whose external powers seemed, on the wane, yet with a mental energy kindling in their eye, and a confidence of gait which showed them yet strong in the strength of the Church and all cast in every conceivable mould of form and feature, even including the Caucasian and Tartar. One who represented this last type wore his hair in a prominent tail. There were men pale with study and fasting, and men with a skin bronzed by toil under the sun of Africa and South America ; men of every conceivable height and every con- ceivable build. Then the vestments attracted the eye by their gorgeous varieties ; true, the majority wore white and gold copes and cities, but the Orientals were blazoned over with gorgeous ornaments and images of the saints in jewelled embroidery. Their mitres were equally wonderful in array of burnished gold and gems ; the symbols of the Armenian, Bulgarian, Chaldean, Coptic, Maronite, Mclchite, Rumanian, Rutheuian, Syrian, Rite, all united with the Latin. Seven hundred and thirty-four passed thus, and then came the Cardinals, divided according to their order of deacons, priests, or bishops. Closely following the S. College came the Pope, borne aloft and surrounded by the Swiss Guard in their cuirasses ; then came the Jay element, the Senator and magistrates of Rome, in their stately robes of office, and Prince Orsini, Principe Assistence al Solo with the title of Guardian of the Council ; then prelates of the household, chamberlains, pages, generalsof religious Orders, and the theologians of the Council. Of the Holy Father, I can only say he seemed quite in fresh health. The sides of the Sala Regia were fined with the deputations of the different religions Orders and bodies of parochial clergy with their banners. The Official List is now published of all the Fathers taking part in the Council, and is thus stated : Cardinals . . 55 Patriarchs . Í) , Primates, Archbishops and Bishops, and Abatinuiiiiis Cliff Mitied Abbots. 21 Generals of Orders ... ,. 28' 702 A total which comes very near the com- putation I sent you of the passing procession. The Holy Father alighted from the Sedia Gostatoria directly he entered, and the great doors were closed behind him. This was because of the Blessed Sacrament being in Exposition, and then he walked up the nave, which was a long proceeding, owing to all the bishops having to make the genuflexion before the Blessed Sacrament. All this time you may imagine how the body of people, pressed forward round their head, and the. metaphor I have suggested above seemed complete. Arrived before the High Altar around which stood the National Guard, lift knelt to venerate the Blessed Sacrament, enjoy said the few usual Collects, and passed on to his throne in the Auk. The moment the procession had passed the rush, I understand, was terrible, and one. or two people fainted, for every one thought to take advantage of the space no longer, needed for the procession, to make their, way nearer to the Aula. The Mass at the Council Altar was sung, by Cardinal Patrizi, assisted by Cardinal Up Angelis ; Cardinals Antonelli and Crs sound being the assistant deacons s Cardinal.' Borromeo the deacon appointed to say the Gospel. It proceeded after the programme I seats, you, in which there was little different from the ordinary Mass, except the placing of the Bible on its throne over the altar) which, to one whose ears have been well) dinned from childhood with Protestant calumnies about want of deference in, the, Church for the Holy Book,, had a very striking effect. Mgr. P^oeher-Passavíilli, a Tireless Capuchin Arclibishopof Iconium, preached a most magnificent Latin oration of about half an hour's duration. He was formerly Apostolic Preacher, and is certainly a master of eloquence. And so quaintly and quoits; the Fathers sat around him, it must have brought to his mind that stiff old picture we have all seen at Sta. Maria Maggiore, in, Trent's while, for oneself, it seemed to transport one even in the body to that other chamber where one tongue, was heard nail understood is. their own by 113,011 of every nation under heaven. Then the Homage or " Obodionco" was a thrilling thing to see, and if the procession, as it passed down the Sala Regia, was impressive, as a token of the discipline " subordination, and affection of the ruling, members of the Church towards though Supreme Head, was it not so, to observe the love, and reverence, and order which were illustrated in this fatal act, and the graceful readiness which distinguished those whose names have been fastened on as supposed. promoters of disunion just as much as those, who are reproached for a supposed servility ft I cannot, however, remember over to have-, soon anything more truly touching than the. sight of the aged and infirm bishops as they were led up by their chaplains to the foot of the Papal Tin one. It was in the midst of this that the one sudden and short burst of sunshine mentioned above strained over the assembly like a messenger of glorious peace. After this came, the Litany of the Saints, in which the voice of the people roared and swelled through the mighty dome ; its appeal to the co-operation of the Saints in the great work in hand morning more closely to unite us with the Church above ; all time and space seemed to be swept away, and we, to be kneeling 011 the outer cuckoos a coronet of glory, encompassing the eternal Throne. A pause in the oven altar nation of the petitions broke in on these reflections, and then the voice of the Holy Father sounded clear, firm and, fervent with the three sentences which constitute the Benediction of the Council, and he poured out his son with such intense earnestness of desire, for the well-being of ham sanctum Synoilam, the form of so much toil and watching, that it was as if virtue had gone out of him with the words as he uttered the last he was almost overcome with emotion. The Gospel followed, read by Cardinal Borromeo ; it was from the tenth chapter or * It may be interesting to note that the numbers recorded There are as follows: £7 cardinals, II patri rein, 33 archbishops, 2.1.1 bishops, 7 abbots, 7 (generals, of orders, UQ theologians, . ,, 