The Vatican Council : Not the Vatican Newspaper. The following able letter has been pub lished in ' The Vatican' :— Sir, — I do think that it is high time for some priest or other to protest against the insults with which their Bishops are visited, because they maintain their independence. and do not submit to the bullying of a news paper, which has set itself up as the guide and judge of the Holy Council of the Vati can. I wiite early in the week, so as to pro-. prevent the excuse of having my communica- tion rejected as having come too late to hand ; and I hope I shall not be answered by the plea that the injury offered to our be Ioved Bishop of Clifton is not your own act, but only a quotation from another paper. You have made the obnoxious paragraph your own by inserting it approvingly, and have been the means of introducing into England what would not have reached us ex cept through your interference. It would have been well if that would-be witty French article, quoted in your Supplement, 'The Vatican,' had remained in France as well as in French. Although few can understand its meaning, and fewer still can see any wit in it, everyone that can read at all can see this— that the name of the illus trious Bishop of Clifton who is as deservedly venerated and loved by his clergy as any Bishop in the Church, is placed in the same category, or, if you think it is a wittier way of putting it, is served up at the same table, as Messrs. Daru, Beust, Dollinger, and Gratry. What has our good Bishop done to deserve such an insult as you offer him? . Has he pertormed a single act extra-Con- ciliar? Has he written a line, or made a speech outside of the Council Hall? If he had published a pamphlet, or inserted a letter in the newspapers, he would have made up his mind to submit to the unfair notice which all who are not in favour are sure to meet with in the columns of an unfriendly periodical. But all that is known of his Lordship in respect to the Council is, that he has been chosen as a member of an im portant Commission, that he is one of the hardest-working Bishops now in Rome, that he has spoken with great effect three or four times in the Council, and that, whilst a question is still under discussion, he has used the liberty which the Holy Father wishes all the Bishops to use, and which they have a j, right to use, until the time arrives when the Vatican Council (not ' The Vatican' newspaper) declares what seems good to the Holy Ghost and to the Fathers of the Council. And yet he is held .up to insult and reproach, and is made a subject of low wit, as if he had shown disloyalty to a cause of which, when the proper time comes, he will be found to be a truer defender than those whose ignorance and false reasoning have done so much harm to the truth, and have only been outstripped by their disre spect- to God's annointed ones ! — Yours very faithfully, J. Norbert Sweeney, O.S.B. Bath, May 30, 1870. 