THE HAUNTED BELL . A NEW YEAR'S EVE STORY. BY PETER 'POSSUM. [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THIS JOURNAL] AUSTRALIAN mythology, I think, is not confined to "bunyips ;" you have, if I remember rightly, a few well-authenticated ghosts. I wonder that you have not more. I remember no eerier feeling than I have had when belated in the Australian bush. I do not mean when your glorious moon and stars were shining brightly, but when the sun had gone down, and yet the moon had not come up, and only a star or two fitfully glanced out –when purple hill-range in the far distance and grey boled trees close at hand had equally discharged their colours, and on all sides stretched a vague black waste, without form and seemingly void of all natural life, with a low wind that had been asleep all day just waking up to wander, homeless aud moaning, through the scrub. At high noon, too, the sunny stillness of the basking bush has given me just the same kind of feeling one has in reading Hood's "Haunted House.'' It looked spell-bound; no sound of life save the monotonous chatter of the locusts, a low insect hum, or the rare scream of a flashing flock of parrots, an uncannily wasted iguana stopping in its uncouthly noiseless clambering up a tree to look for a couple of minutes at the human intruder on its solitudes with wearily old eyes. I wonder, I repeat, that you have not more ghost stories, but, since you haven't, I am going to tell a ghost story now. Its subject was somehow suggested (as I sat a minute or two ago wondering what subject I should take) by the Highgate bells ringing in 1870, which began ten hours before for you. In old South Wales, just on the borders of England, there is a ruined church. Llan- derfell is the name it has given to the parish in which it still stands. Its patron saint is the same Derfell Gadam – a very unsaintly sounding appellation – who has given his name to a parish in Merionethshire. My St Derfell's church stands quite alone, save for the old graves that nestle about it, and the yews that raise their dwarf pyramids above the tumble- down wall of the church-yard, on the top of a round, roughly-grassed hill, dotted with furze, and broom, and fern, and heather, and littered with messy and lichened blocks of limestone. Tourists, fortunately, do not know anything about St Derfell's, and so the mountain sheep that stray through the gaps in the moss-grown walls are the only feeders in its churchyard. The grass there is richer than on the hillside. But although the churchyard, fortunately, is not desecrated by Cockney picnics, Cockney sight- seers flock to a good many less picturesque places. The churchyard wall is a study in itself. Very little of its greystone can be seen, so thickly have many coloured linchens, velvety carpet-moss, bird's-nest- moss, cup moss, grey and scarlet-bowled, tufting fern, and dogrose bushes, appropriated it. In every moist cranny there are primrose roots with leaves almost as big as lettuce leaves, which, nevertheless, in the flowering season are almost hidden by the cool, pure clusters of blossoms – con- stellations shedding moonlight by daylight. The churchyard is golden with drooping bunches of wild daffodils in spring, ond other flowers have run wild there. There are a few grey, cracked, moss and lichen-mottled tombstones in the churchyard, leaning at all kinds ot angles, but most of the graves at first were only distinguished by little state borders enclosing coffin shaped flower- beds. Long, long ago, at stated times, the borders were religiously re-whitewashed, and the flower beds weeded and replanted, but now the graves are almost equally hidden beneath a pall of grass, white nettles, and the offspring of the last-tended garden flowers that shed their seeds there. The few people in Llanderfell who now go to church to worship, go to a prim little building in the valley – not much more beautiful than the three or four box-like meeting houses in which the, comparatively, huge majority of the large parish's scanty population perform their devotions. All the people of Llanderfell still carry their dead to be buried in the churchyard, but that is the one around the "new church.'' In living memory no funeral train has toiled up the hill, on the top of which old St. Derfell stands in the midst of its green graves and inky yews. The old church consists of two roofless aisles, with low side walls, and the moulder- ing remnants of the mullions of lofty East-end win- dows , and a dilapidated bell gable on the west, in which a rusty bell still hangs. The ruins are smothered with ivy, and wallflowers, and wild flowers and weeds of all kinds. Birds innumerable build in the old church. But the birds' nests are never taken. The hill side sheep are far bolder than the Llanderfell boys, the boys are shy of entering the old chuichyard even on the brightest summer mid-day. After dark they would not go near it for any money you might offer them. And the grown up people of Llanderfell share the youngsters' fear. Most of them have thrown off their allegiance to "the landlord's church, '' but they still believe staunchly in the landlord legend at- tached to the bell gable of Old St Derfell's. The rusty bell is haunted by the restless spirit of the wicked Ap Gwillliam, whose slug-and-snail slimed tomb may still be discovered, with difficulty, within a jungle of docks and nettles and beneath a little forest of elder bushes, at the east end of the old church. The present Ap Gwilliams are almost prosily respectable people, but they take a queer pride in remembering that they ever had so iniquitous an ancestor as the wicked Ap Gwilliam; and their tenants having few grievances of their own to complain of, like to remember that if they have no landlord oppression to put up with, their ancestors had a landlord who performed works of supererogation in that way. From all accounts the wicked Ap Gwilliam could not have been a pleasant kind of person to live under. Whilst he reigned in Llanderfell Castle, no woman's honour, no man's person or property was safe for half-a-dozen miles round. In the now ruined old keep there are cells which go by the name of the wicked Ap Gwilliam s Shambles. It is impossible even for a short person to stand upright, to kneel, to sit, or to lie down in these gloomy holes ; but in these, accordirg to the local tradition, the wicked Ap Gwilliam used to confine the captives he drove in in little herds – sometimes to extort money from them, sometimes out of mere wanton cruelty. Here they were kept without food and drink, whilst the wicked Ap Gwilliam feasted on their moans and shrieks, and added to their misery by his fiendish mocks. Sometimes they were brought out to be racked, thumbscrewed, or tied up by the hair of their heads with heavy weights fastened to their feet, and then taken back to starve. Some were brought out after having been made to believe that they were about to be released, were led on to the drawbridge whence they could see their homes once more, and then stabbed or hacked to death. The few whom the brute did allow to return to their homes were almost always maimed in body and imbecile in mind, although they had been hale men when driven into the Keep. The wretch ravished women in the sight of their husbands, sweet- hearts, fathers, brothers. He murdered little children before their mothers' eyes – spitted them like larks upon his sword. To one starving mother whom he had imprisoned he served up the boiled flesh of her own baby – waited until she had satisfied even her ravenous appetite on it – and then told her what had been her meal. "Let laws and learning, trade and commerce die, But give us still our old nobility!'' Nowadays, fortunately, we could hang or shut up for life in Broadmoor a " noble " who should manifest a thousandth part of the wicked Ap Gwilliams's amiable tendencies. But even in his own day, of course, cruelty carried to such an extreme was execep- tional – so much so, that a weird legend lingers down even to the present day amongst the Welsh hills about his birth. The wicked Ap Gwilliam, it was, and is believed amongst the local peasantry, was not the son of his reputed father, the Ap Gwilliam, whom he succeeded, but a bastard begotten on his mother by the Evil one. It was this belief that gave him impunity. Even in those servile days, when "nobles" were looked upon as an altogether different race from "common men," if the brute had been supposed to be, in any sense, of normal flesh and blood, some human hand must have struck him down. But when he was baptised, the water had hissed on the brow of the imp of sin, and the priest's arm had been smitten with palsy when he vainly tried to mark it with the sign of the cross. There is a ragged gap in Llanderfell Keep still called the Devil's Window. In the room it lighted, runs the local legend, on the last night of the year, the Devil used to hold high, lonely revel with his son. That was the wicked Ap Gwilham's birthnight. When all the rest of the castle was black as pitch, a horridly red light used to glow out luridly from that window. But there came a last night of the year when the trembling watchers of that lurid light saw it sud- denly extinguished. A fierce gale suddenly hurtled over head, but, loud as was the wind, the shuddering watchers heard through it the voice of their oppressor, raising as he fled an unwonted wail of anguished dread, and a voice of devilish triumph in pursuit. And soon they heard the church bell clattering madly. Next morning the wicked Ap Gwilliam had vanished from the earth; and ever since say the people of Llanderfell, the bell of old St Derfell, blow high, blow low, has clattered noisely on New Year's Eve, just as the new year was coming in. 