NOTES OF THE MONTH. (FROM-OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, MAY 20. Although this is the very height of the London season, and society is in full flood, there is nothing stirring in the world of poli- tics at home. The Lower House of Parlia- ment continues to be occupied with the Irish Land Bill, almost to the exclusion of all other business, but that tedious measure is fast approaching its consummation. It is confi- dently reported that the third reading will be taken before Whitsuntide. The opposition to the bill has lately been of a very feeble and merely perfunctory kind. The Conservatives have lost heart by their incessant defeats, and are now suffering the various clauses to pass almost without resistance. In fact, the severest criticisms of the Government have proceeded from the back Treasury benches, and especially from Sir Roundell Palmer, who has been playing the part of the candid friend to Mr. Gladstone with great vigour and obvious relish. Some of the most important amend- ments in the framework of the new Irish land scheme have been made at Sir Roundell Palmer's instigation-especially the provision excluding from the operation of the act, ex- cept by mutual consent of landlord and tenant, all holdings above £50 per annum. An attempt was made last night by Sir John Gray and the Nationalists to introduce a scheme of "fixity of tenure," as a kind of alternative to the Government system, but it was defeated by an overwhelming ma- jority. The Irish people themselves have all along shown a great indifference to the fate of the bill, and it is doubtful whether as a " message of peace" it will be any more suc- cessful than was the abolition of the Estab- lished Church. One ugly sign of the times in Ireland is the growing disposition of Orange- men and Fenians to unite in the common cause of "nationality." The Repeal move- ment is also once more making itself heard, the cry being taken up scarcely less energeti- cally by Protestants and Conservatives than by Romanists and Liberals. In the meantime, while the Government preserves its large majority in the House almost unimpaired, there are strong murmurs of discontent in the Liberal camp. Some of these are due to political, others to personal, causes. It is complained, in the first place, that no attention has been paid by the Minis- try to the claims of that powerful and zealous section of their supporters who sit below the gangway. Not one measure of a purely Radi- cal kind, or agreeable to advanced Liberal principles, has been brought forward by the Government ; and not only this, but they have systematically thwarted every attempt at independent legislation, and have snubbed their promoters. Poor Mr. Fawcett has a portfolio full of schemes for the regeneration of society, in company with Mrs. Fawcett, but they will either not hear him or they count him out. Upon the Education Bill especially there is a wide divergence of feeling among the supporters ot the Govern- ment. The whole of the Radical body, in- cluding a large section of the English dissen- ters, are pledged to a purely secular, compul- sory scheme, whereas Mr. Forster has provided for religious teaching, and makes compulsion permissive. Another source of disquiet in the Liberal camp is personal, and consists in the demeanour assumed by certain of the Ministers-especially Mr. Lowe and Mr. Ayr. ton--towards even their own people. Each of these two gentlemen, in their different ways, seems to make it a study to be as offensive as possible to the members of the House. In fact, it may be said that if the House has not often " the delight of happy laughter," it has a full measure of that other thing--"the de- light of Lowe replies." The Chancellor of the Exchequer is apparently engaged in the cul- tivation of a talent for abrupt laconic speak- ing. He answers a question in a way to raise a laugh at the questioner rather than to give information. This is a kind of diversion into the spirit of which English gentlemen are slow to enter ; but Mr. Lowe seems im- penetrable to any idea that he is otherwise than clever and agreeable in his causticities. There have been more than one scene lately in the House in connexion with Mr. Lowe's manner of answering ques- tions ; and the thing is approaching that climax which must eventuate in a "row." Only last night, Lord Milton, a Whig of the Whigs, the heir of the Fitz- Williams, and a devoted supporter of Mr. Gladstone, asked a question of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which Mr. Lowe did not even deign to notice-- Mr. Stansfield being put up to answer, upon which Lord Milton took up his hat, and, turning his back upon the Treasury benches, walked majestically out of the House. Mr. Ayrton-the " Ædile'' \--to whom by some curious dispensation has been assigned the chief governance of art and architecture in this country, vies with Mr. Lowe in unpopularity, the difference being that the House hate Lowe and laugh with him, whereas they hate Ayrton and laugh at him. A curious instance of the facility with which we now entertain the strangest and most revolutionary ideas was afforded the other night in the passage of the second read- ing of a bill for extending the franchise to single-women householders. The promoters of this measure were themselves astonished at their easy victory, and for a few minutes scarcely found breath to cheer. On behalf of the Government Mr. Bruce made the extra- ordinary apology that they had not had time to study the question, and therefore were not prepared to oppose the bill. A few days, how- ever, served to complete the Ministerial education on this subject. The House being whipped up, by a majority of more than two to one reversed the decision in favour of the widows and spinsters, and this great reform is once more delayed, to the disgust of the strong- minded of the one sex and the weak minded of the other. A profound sensation has been created at home by the barbarous massacre of one Italian and three English gentlemen by Greek brigands, near Marathon. Possibly had the victims been less highly connected, there would have been less stir about the matter, but one of them was cousin and another brother-in-law to an earl, so the papers have rung with indignation and horror. The Times so far lost its head--it has been mislaying it a good deal lately--as to propose an armed expedition to Greece for the purpose of tak- ing the government of the country into our own hands until brigandage was suppressed ! Since then the indignation of the great British public has calmed down, and Lord Clarendon, who began in the haughtiest of tones, has subsided into a meek proposal that the Greeks should make atonement for this outrage by putting down the brigands, and bringing the authors of the massacre to trial. Alas for the ghost of Civis Romanus! Of course the Greeks will promise everything, and--do nothing. Who can seriously expect of them that they should suppress brigandage? Why, that would be to suppress the Greek nation--to suppress con- stitutional government--to suppress Hellenism \--to suppress the " great idea." Brigandage is woven about the very roots of Greek society, and it is absurd to suppose that the Greeks are able, even if they were willing, to put down the brigands. The brigand in Greece is what the Nationalist is in Ire- land, and more. He is the popular hero--the national beau ideal. His pursuit is a regular profession, into which men enter without shame, and from which they retire with honour --a profession which requires capital and high social and political connexions. Half of the members of the Greek Government are in various ways in league with brigandage, or patronise it. In fact, the brigands of the time being may be looked ujpon as the regular Parliamentary Opposi- tion in Greece. When a gentleman goes into office he forms alliances with the gentle- men of the mountain to harass his political opponents. This is, and has been, perfectly well known to all who have the slightest ac- quaintance with Greece. The real blame for such a state of things is to be cast not upon the half-Slavonic, half-Turkish barbarians of the Greek mainland, upon whom we have thrust the name and the burden of Hellenism, but upon the protecting Governments, who have founded this sham, and have maintained it. As for the people of Athens, they are, as was said of them 50 years ago by a friendly French traveller, "the same canaille as in the days of Themistocles." There can be no doubt whatever that the Greek Ministry are primarily responsible for this Marathon massacre, and after them I cannot help thinking that the blame lies between Mr. Erskine, our Minister, and Lord Muncastor. I have not heard yet of any good reason why Lord Muncaster, who was deputed by the captives to go to Athens for the ransom, did not come back with the money at once, as he was bound in honour to do. It is generally be- lieved that had the ransom been promptly paid, without any mention of the amnesty, the brigands would only too gladly have accepted it, and released their captives. The excitement created by this affair in England has been contrasted in a newspaper friendly to the colonies with the utter in- difference which has been exhibited in the matter of the far worse outrages in New Zea- land, and in the case of poor Scott, the loyalist, who was shot at Fort Garry for at- tempting to resist the rebel chief, Louis Riel. Of the latter audacious outrage, no notice whatever has been taken, and it is even suspected that friendly negotiations have been opened with the Red River insur- gents, with the object of relieving the Imperial Government of its obligations in that quarter and of thrusting them, in accordance with the new colonial policy, upon Canada. In the case of New Zealand, I am glad to say that the persistent efforts of a certain portion of the press to obtain justice for that unhappy country have been so far rewarded as that Lord Granville has been induced to re- consider his determination to do nothing whatever to prevent the New Zealand Go- vernment from spending the ordinary re- venues of the colony upon the prosecution of the war against Te Kooti, while they reserve the loan for the purposes specified. To treat a colony in this childish way is surely the very worst mode of teaching it self-reliance. It implies, in fact, that the colony is not capable of governing itself, for, if it were, what need of this arbitrary condition as to the manner in which the loan is to be spent ? Are not the people of New Zealand the best judges of their own wants? Surely we are required by the very terms of the new colonial theory to suppose so, and yet, if the colony is capable of self-government, and fit for it, what can be an insult greater than to dictate to it how it should spend its money ? If it is not com- petent to decide how the money should be spent, it is still in its infancy, and ought not to be left without military support. France has been agitated by one of those incomprehensible movements so much in favour with the Emperor, known as plebis- cites. The result shows that the supporters of the empire are to the enemies of the dynasty in the proportion of nearly five to one. This is, at first sight, very re-assuring ; but was it necessary to go through all this process for the purpose of discovering whether or not France desired to have the Emperor? To admit that, at every change in the consti- tution, there must be a re-election of the Emperor is surely a singular way of strengthen- ing the interests either of the Constitution or of the Emperor. What need of a popular vote at all to confirm that which the con- stituted Assembly, elected by the popular vote, had desired. The appeal was simply from universal suffrage to universal suffrage ; and the answer could have been no other than Oui. This perpetual recourso to plebis- cites is, however, absolutely fatal to the prospects of the new Parliamentary constitu- tion which was supposed to have been established in France. The constitution of France, in fact, is not Parliamentary, but plebiscitary, so long as the Emperor reserves to himself the power of appealing to the popular vote at every stop towards liberty. Even regarded as a vote of confidence in him- self, the plebiscite does not give us much satis- faction. If it proves anything, it proves that the reigning dynasty is not gain- ing but losing popularity ; for while the proportion of Ouis to Nons in 1852 was something like 30 to 1, in 1870, it is 5 to 1. It also betrayes the fact that all the large cities of France, including Paris, Marseilles, Lyons, Bordeaux, &c;, are opposed to the Em- peror. Furthermore, it brings out the existence of a feeling in the array by no means entirely friendly to the empire. The majority of the soldiers, it is true, voted as we might have expected them to vote, in favour of the Government, but the fact that there are some 70,000 soldiers who voted among the Noes, is not without significance. While the Emperor is making assurance doubly sure of his throne, the Pope is in the act of getting through a plebiscite of his own, by which some 700 fallible men are to declare another human being to be infallible. The schema de Pontificatu has just come on for discussion, and there is no doubt that it will be adopted by an enormous majority of votes. The protests of the lay Catholic powers seem to have led to no result at all, and even the message sent to the Pope by the French Ministry turns out to be a brutum fulmen. There is reason to believe, indeed, that there has been a secret compact between Pio Nono and the eldest son of the Church ; the Pope engaging to help the Emperor to be infallible in ruling, while the Emperor assists the Pope to be infallible in doctrine. The sensation of the day in the polite world is the publication of Mr. Disraeli's novel of Lothair. It has been received by the critics with a unanimous chorus of praise, The Times vieiug with the Daily News in its laudation of the ex-Premier's performance. At the libraries the demand is tremendous, as everybody who is anybody,--whether in literature, in society, or in politics--is bound to read Lothair.___________ 