the novelist. FRANKLIN'S CONFESSION. br Amelia Thomas. nid Franklin was, dying, ue Had sue y-nmbed at last to age; bat no disease tronbled with pain, no corporeal agony interfered ciith the mind's anxious gaze towards the world into which he was soon to enter. Gradually and quietly the body wasted in strenctb, and be might have expired as calmly ~.a„ infant, but that mental inquietude nwwed upon him ; groans which he did not make any effort to suppress broke from his white lips, and his eyes had a troubled gaze, •fearfn! to witness in a dying man. Mitiarn TTranklin, his grandson s wife, was attend ing upon blm, looking up every now and then •from the needlework on which she was en ured The Bight of that tronbled face made O Jong to hear her husband's footstep; for she feared that death might come, and that she alone would be witness of the last hour. To her inexpressible relief, however, she heard •Gideon's tread approaching, the lodge, and hastening out, she begged htm to come in duiekly, for she feared longer to be alone with the old man. Thus urged, Gideon made «o delay, and entering the small apartment where his grandfather lay. he approached the hed, and kindly inquired how he felt. "Nay, lad, I feel no difference 'since thee «eest me this morning; but something tells me I shall not see another sunset" "Bat, grandfather," replied the young man encouragingly, "ifthonfeelestnoworse, there may yet be many days before thee." "No, lad, no; and I could go willingly, fiat that T am troubled in my mind. But I must not speak, or ill may come or it to those belonging to Mm. Lad Gideon, be warned by me, your old and dying grandfather; never do Anything that will burden .your mind ;" groans, fearful and deep, broke the old man's utterance:—"50 years, and I see it all now as I did then." "Grandfather," said Gideon, "would it be Any ease to yonr mind to talk to good Blaster leppard from the rectory, our sqaire's son ? They sty he has a rare good heart, and is truly a devout man, though he be but young.' Ton mind him, grandfather, don't you ?— him as is nephew to your old master. Squire Walter?" "I mind him, yes, lad; ay, his father was a good youth when Master waiter and I were wild and evil in onr doings. But go, lad; do as tho« sayest; it Will ease my mind to tell the troth at last" Gideon hastened to find the young clergy man, and make known to him the condition of his grandfather, and the fact of his having seme revelation to make of former deeds which sorely tronbled his mind, and pro Tented his dying in peace. The dying man and his spiritual adviser were left together. The tragic story of SO years before, the long-concealed harden on fiie old man's conscience, we will tell in oar •own words. Reginald Mowbrey and Walter Leppard were cousins, bat they 'were differently cir r-Ch»n>«d. Reginald was heir of Mowbrey Chase; broad lands and hoarded wealth would be his in the future, and in the present be had all that falls to the' lot of an heir: consideration, deference, and, as an only riuli, Ike engrossing love of his surviving «i»nt Gay, handsome, and chivalric, he was entering on life's career; the honsehold servants worshipped him, and there was no Jesuit on the estate bat wished well, bnd augured much good, to Master Riginald. He bad no enemies, and many friends. More than this, he had won the heart of Annabel MceTthe beautiful' daughter of a small squire, whose property was adjacent to Mow brey. No, therp was no cloud in his 'sky. life was a dteam, a dteato of bliss; there were sorrow and' titrable in the-world he knew; there had been grief in hls'own home, when, while he was still a child, his eldest brother, who tod gone forth in the morning to the hunt a-yonth of gallant bearing, was trought back at night a'corpse. But this had happened whep he was still so yonng that the impression made waS evanescent, nud he grew op to realise only unbroken happiness. His -cousin Walter was son' Of. a clergyman, who had married, with avery reluctant consent <m the jfart'ofher friends, the sister of Regi nald's father. ;8he had'lived a bad life in the dreary parsonage, with a husband of gUrathy hatnts pnd tadturp manners ; became thC mother of four boiys( «ud died when the eldest, Walter, was in hu sixteenth year.-Like his father, Walter was reserved and gloomy, ends dqrk.and restlete Jjtobjtioh'was in the depths of his soul: bat, rater all, youth has alwaysite bright,ridfe,' and naturally seekb -ampwionsupv'thwfote -it followed that, there being none others of equal rank in the -ri^hboufhjapd, Reginald and he were friends and corapstdona, as well as cousins. But Walter had his, way to make in life: aoq his uncle's influence having obtained ^»a appointment' in the household 'erf tern Clarepdoni then Lord Chancellor and t™8 Minister, asweUasadviser, of thelatply w proceeded to, Lon eon, where he remained until the celebration <u Kegrnald's coming of age. when he was in J^whianacle, Sir Rcger, to be aguestat the Chase duripg the festivities whichwere to jdeplacein houonrof thpheir's majority. ,He now been three years resident in London. 1 had mtaesaedtihe straggle for power and Wdttedwk and^oomy side of his had gathered 'strehgth frt>m thp ^f'^ween his naturally ambitious crav ings and the family' circumstances and deff Jwl jt^uniarymeans which curbed arid wtarted them, 'True it was, he trad for local jli"? ^d,, put his importance was fiienofl . ^0^ JW-political or Goiirt in faimarh* ''Ta?ipn*j ^rom Tenw<x>l>rAQ^ iord that he obtained from attachdshlp which « ^"roodlhg on his own do houKhia. white still cherishing his still cherishing his i one-and-twentieth mrtfl ttorhim there was no festive w armmd him knew or. cared w? He had no loving mother or w *? gteotiqgs oTaffectlon;: v«tfonah«SSr Buwane left home, anc to him a.Bchoolboy, remained ! .remembered at the • tofl^LfriP^didaipatohedamesaenger witli ongratulation from himsalfand fjteUBfred invitation. to Mow Wrth^ey, which was only ^Wldsown. K.Wnald, who alone stood between him and I au. that he coveted; for the lands, though not 1 the title of Mowbrey, would be his, were his cousin not there topossess them. A fair day. in " the leafy month of June,"1 a sun, warm but not scorching, a breeze balmy: and caressing, blessed the birthday festival and at noon, when the tables (loaded after the fashion of the time) had not yet become places of concealment for the prostrate gueststwheou5 as yet free from intoxication, visitors and' retainers rose to drink the young heir's health,' ■ " It was a eight the careful brow mlghtemooth. And make age emlle, and drawn Itself to youtU." I There was the glad father, proud of his hand some heir, who, though not trained in courts, had from nature a graceful and dignified bearing, which, united as it was with a sweet Buavity of manner, made him irresistibly at tractive to all who knew him. Among the most honoured guests were Annabel his be trothed, and her father, Squire Ellice, of the Grange, who was as rejoiced to see the day as though Reginald had been his own son; and was he not indeed soon to be veiy near to him in relationship, as he had always been in af fection! for the two fathers had ever been as brothers, and the firm adherence of each to the royal cause, when such adherence was dangerous, had riveted the chains of their friendship. The mutual iove of their children had been the crowning of their hopes, and for the young pair they hoped for a peaceful bliss which they themselves had not known in their youth, convulsed as the times had been in struggles between the royalist and republican < parties. But the snn has BpotB, and unmarked, this festive gathering was looked upon with evil eyes. Walter Leppard had been for the last week at Mowbrey, and each day had added | more rancour to his thoughts ; he had given way to the evil impulses of his mind, and they had gained strength and vigour. Circum stances hod given shape to his dark imagin ings. Wandering alone the day before the birth day—for Reginald had gone to Ellice Grauge —in a copse at some little distance from the house, he had thrown himself at the foot of a tree, and was listlessly watching the clouds float past, when, hearing a sound, he looked up, and saw approaching a man of some fonr-and- thirty years, who appeared to be mad with rage. He raised his clenched fist, and shook it wildly at the empty air ; his face was inflamed with anger, and his eyes were ■ bloodshot and fierce. As he came nearer, Walter could hear him utter threatenings of revenge, and on his close ap proach recognised a groom whom he had seen when be was last at the village hostelry. The man stopped when he saw Walter, and so fnrions was he, the young mqn almost feared him as he looked up and saw the pas sion in his countenance. " Ay!" he thundered out, one of the ac cursed race, though he's oply a drivelling par son's son!" . „ .%1_ , But Walter had the family quality of am Dial courage, end rising as lie heard these words, he looked steadfastly at the enraged man, who in his turn appeared subdued by the ralmnwa of the gentleman, whom he was about to curse and threaten, and perhaps mal treat "You are angry, my man,"" said Walter: nave yon been dismissed from the service of mine host of the Grange? and why are you so fonouB with those of my race?" " Dismissed by Giles Humfrey! nay; he knows better than that; bat an' he did dis miss me, there are plenty would be glad of will Franklin in their stables, ay, even Sir Roger himself, though his fine young heir has done me so ill a service with Mistress Annabel. But I'll be revenged,, that I will 1" His anger was again about to leap into action, when Walter said, catching at the sound— "The heir, my cousin Reginald, yon mean; what harm has he done you ?" "Harm, nay, he has dealt me the hardest blow I am ever like to have. You haven't been here, Master Leppard, to hear the. talk in the Hall and village; but Mistress Annabel's maid, Phyllis, had given me her promise to wed me next Martinmas, and we were well known for sweethearts in all Mowbrey, when Master Reginald takes on him to tell Mistress Annabel that ! had an ill name, and had had a hand in the drowning of the idiot lad last year fp. the Flint stream, when I were only a looker-on. And why shonld I prevent the people's sport ? What use were that poor fool to any one ? But last evening, when I went to the Grange, thinking I should perhaps see niy lass, sure enough she came to speak to me, but it were only to say she must have no more to say to me; I were not the man she thought I was. And then she whimpered, andstam mered but she wondered the ghost of poor ..Joycedidn't haunt me." "But,''interrupted Walter, "how do you know it was my cousin who made reports of you?";. "Ay, there it is; no. one else would dare to say anything of me, they know me too well; and Phyllis, when I pressed her to know who had done me the ill turn, grew frightened, and told me it were Master Reginald, and she yns sure be would say nothing ill of any one, unless it were true. But as I say, and I don't care who hears me, I'll have my revenge, for all he's a great heir. How would he like any one to come between him and Mistress Anna bel?" Had the demon of evil thoughts and hopes put on bodily appearance, and come to tempt Walter to evil act ? Some such idea crossed his mind as he looked at the man before him, ready for any deed that would gratify his vin dictive feeling; and his own covetous long ings for the possession of Mowbray seemed to go band in . hand with the peasant's lust of revenge. What if this man slew Reginald, woula he not then be at least heir, if not actual master of great possessions ? and would heVnot then he able to return to London, no longer dependent on the favour of a courtier; could he not himself outgo the oraftiest states men in the game of diplomacy, and win that political power beiongedfor? And Annabel loo, once Reginald were removed, might she : not in time he induced to transfer her affec tion to himself? He had seen no London beauty like her, , in her natural and unsophis ticated loveliness ; she had been the object of his boyish preference three years before, and' bat for Reginald, she might have loved him now. With these thoughts rushing through his brain, the wily young man, whilst seeming to tarn away the wrath of the elder, only inflamed and-fed it; so that when they parted there was more of settled hatred in Franklyn's heart towards Reginald, though outwardly he was calmer. But blinded as he was by his own feelings, he saw that Walter Leppardwopld not inwardly disapprove any mischief brought agaihBt his cousin. . "Ay." said, the man, in a deep growling voice, "parson's son wduld like me.to help bim to Mowbrey Chase, and keep his own neck Bafe the while." L Dark and Utter was the conflict in the mind of the young man as he-returned to the Chasej but. before he, entered' it, his mind was made up: be bad considered bis urick e anguish, should anything".happen to,his only - aon; the kindness of father and /son to hi m self,—he had put these lnthesoile tfituhis oim plans of eeU^granflirement and am bilious eohemes,' and he had inclined the balance to himself. He resolved to compass Reginald's death in some way which would not recoil upon himself; and what better means could ne have than the vengeance of the man from whom he had just parted ? Yes, he would so influence Franklin's passion, whilst he appeared not to do so, that, mad pnald crossed his path he with rage, when Reginald would slay him. When his cousin was' fishing in the secluded meadow through which the Flint ran, he would contrive that Franklin should come upon him, and in the combat for Ufe, he knew that the giant strength of the peasant would overcome the more feeble frame of the gentleman, , Evil indeed, then, were the eyes that looked on Reginald next day at the festiye gathering in hie honour; and tpere was no relenting of his fell pnrpose in Walter LeppardV heart; nay, the very splendour of the scene, the cost-' liness of all around, the rich velvet hangings embroidered with gold, the gorgeous hues of the satin coverings of conch and chairs, the carved cabinets of ebony and ivory, the dis play of plate on the board,—all served to urge him to his crime. All these might yet, and that before long, be his own. But not qnite as he planned it did things fall out. Will Franklin, always addicted to intemperance, drank furiously for days, and was now ill in bed from the effects of a blow his head had received in staggering against a low post with swinging signboard. Enraged, but not deterred from his designed crime by this disappointment to his hopes, Walter, knowing but a few days muse elapse before he must return to his duties in London, paced moodily the country round Mowbrey; and while thus wandering, he came one morning on the body of a young man who lay dead at the foot of Gny's Cliff. The place was lonely; human foot rarely trod the furze-grown waste just below the cliff ; bnt the cliff, which was really a very high hill, was often travelled by pedlars or travelling showmen, as it short ened the road between the village and the next town. Evidently this young-man had be longed to the latter class. His hands bore no signs of toil, his hair was auburn, like that of Reginald Mowbrey, and bnt for his garb he might have been mistaken for the rich heir. Walter started at the signs so unexpectedly, presented to his view; and then looking more closely at the corpse, saw it cotild not long have been there, probably only since the night before. He knew that a troupe of itinerant showmen had passed through the village a week before on their way north. • Most likely this one had for some reason lingered behind, and on his way to rejoin his companions, had taken the shortest route indicated, and thus met; his fate. A sudden thought entered the gazer's mind r- what if he could bring, unobserved, some of Reginald's cloth ing here, attire the corpse in it, and, luring his cousin to the depths of the wood, slay and ban him. In the search'which would be made for bim, the searchers would, as he had done, come upon the body, so strangely like ; and coupling the appearance with the garb, they would not hesitate to believe that they Baw the dead heir. Acting upon his thought, he covered the body, already nearly concealed, with forze- branches; and resolved, should nothing be already heard of the stranger, who had accidentally been killed, to carry out his awful project the same night. There was consternation and woe in the halls of Mowbrey; for three days the heir had been missing. The first day it was con jectured he had gone to the Grange the even ing before, and the weather being stormy, had been persuaded to stay all night. But aS evening came again, and he did not return, his father grew anxious, and sent a messenger to the Grange, who came back, with the tidings of Reginald's not having been there for the last two days; mid there, too, had the state of the weather prevented hia friends feeling so anxious, as they would otherwise have done, for Reginald had from his boy hood daily visited the Grange, where he was as free of the house as the old squire himself. Learning that his son had not been seen at the Grange, a terrible foreboding entered the mind of Sir Roger that he should never see him again alive; but by his orders horses were saddled, and men rode round, the country for miles, inquiring at every mansion, village, or town.for tidings of the missing heir. At home, too, the woods were scoured; but to no purpose. All the tenantry volun tarily and eagerly sought for their beloved young lord; but not until the course of the third day aid they, having exhausted their search elsewhere, seek among the furze at the base of G uy'a Cliff. A cry of horror from the foremost announced that they had found what they sought There lay the young man, dead in his youthful prime, the features un recognisable from the wounds made by the cruel rock as he 'fellbut the auburn locks and the garb were Reginald Mowbrey's. In the gloom of evening the sad hearers carried their burden to the Chase. Sir Roger and Walter Leppard saw them from afar off. The hearts of Both leaped and sank, but with what different emotions!. 'The younger man schooled his aspect, and met the body of Ins dead cousin with what seemed natural sorrow and good feeling; but there was no need for the stricken father to play a part. He saw that all he loved and prized had gone before him ; he heard the recital of how and where they had fonnd his son, and it seemed only too probable that he missed his fopting on the boisterous night of his disappearance, and so fallen to the furze-grown common beneath Gay's Cliff. The body was laid on a stately bier' in the darkened hall, and for two days it was open for all to come and take a farewell look at the last heir of the Mowbrey name. Will Franklin, who, fortunately for himself, had been lying prostrate from loss of blood for the last four days, was now able to rise; and he craved permission to see the dead body of him against whom he had so lately vowed ven geance. He was admitted by the consent of the house-steward; . but Walter Leopard frowned when he saw him entef, and the frown was not nnperoeived by Franklin. Welter bad not left the honse since his cousin's body was brought hdme, and he had narrowly watched the looks of each who came to pay their tribute of respect or curiosity to the departed. He bad been satisfied until now; but when Franklin in his turn came, he saw suspicion in his face, and he looked at Walter as though to accnse him of murder; but gazing intently at the corpse, a new idea seemed .to enter his .mind; and muttering, " Not so tall by two -inches," he again looked at Walter; and Went his way. Walter followed him into the open road, and in quired kindly after his health. The man was short and abrupt" in his answers, and Walter felt uneasy; but assuming' an indefferent tone, " Franklin," he said, " you know I am now heir to the estate, and can perhaps do something to make up for my poor cousin's wrong to you. I can easily obtain my unclo's consent to what I propose. I can put you in the South Lodge, which has been empty since old Adam died; and you might be head-stableman as well. Perhaps your pretty Phyllis may relent when you can offer her the lodge for a borne." Franklin's eyes glistened, and for a moment he felt only ivarm gwtitnde to, the man who, so gratuitously toad so, generously offered to help him to the fulfilment of his dearest wishes. Then came back upon his view the corpse he had joat left, and which he felt sure was not that of Reginald Mowbray. He felt he was bribed to compro mise a deed of guilt He hesitated;. but the tempter at his side offered him that which he could never hope to obtain for himself. He looked up into Walter Leppard's countenance, (and the eyes of the two men sealed their guilty compact. No word was spoken, but Walter felt that the other knew there was to be con cealment and connivance. After a solemn funeral procession they laid the youthful dead in the tomb of the Mow brays, and a rare carved monument told how the last scion of that race had met his doom. Not long did Sir Roger survive his last hope on earth. He never smiled again, but he died peacefully. And now Walter Leppard had gained all he had desired to gain—wealth and power and place. Yes, he had an important post at Court now; he had been knighted since his accession of wealth, and was Sir Walter Lep pard of Mowbray ; but, "gnashing with im penitent remorse," there were moments when he would gladly have undone the past, and , been again the dependent of Lord Clarendon. One wish was still unfulfilled—he had not won Annabel Ellice ; but he spared no means to dp so. Her father was dead, and she was an interloper in ber uncle's home, where a large and growing family exhausted the narrow revenues of the household. She bad had since Reginald's death an uncontrollable aversion to Walter's visits, and she took her self to task for this: and remembering how the two had been friends, she met Walter with kindness, but his love she steadily re jected. Her grief had been deep, if not loud. The light died out of her eyes, as it had vanished from her heart when the dreadful news was broken to her; her great sorrow had come to her early, bat its effects were lasting. " No more she walked elastic on the air; Light though her step, there was a languor there '> Unceasingly and perseveringly.the new knight and favoured courtier laid siege to her be reaved heart. That fortress yielded not, but at length she promised to give him all the affection she could yet bestow, and to become his wife; her uncle urging upon her the necessity of relieving him from any additional anxiety. Sadly and quietly she entered upon her new duties, but she strove to fulfil them, and, so striving, succeeded. Taciturn and more .gloomy Walter grew daily, but he was pleased with the general love bestowed upon his wife .by -rich and poor. She was gracious of manner to all, and the suffering in mind or .body found in her a ready sympathiser and .kind helper. I The birth of a son brought joy to both parents, and drew them nearer together. .Annabel clasped the baby to her heart, and . felt new happiness in the clinging of its tiny hands or in gazing at its lovely face. Three months after the birth of his heir, 'Walter went back to London to' resume his Court duties. Annabel and the child accom panied him, and the fresh beauty of the former was the subject of mack praise and comment and envy in the gay circle that sur rounded the monarch and his Portuguese consort. This unhappy princess, wounded in her deepest feeling3,ana suffering daily degra dation, found solace in the society of the fair and gentle Lady Leppard, who, in the midst of that licentious company, maintained her woman's dignity and reputation. Although Walter had done so much to gain Mowbray, now he was possessed of it he loved no place less. The grand old mansion, the splendid surroundings of wood and water, appeared to he odious to him, and his chief happiness was in constant occupation. The iuterests of the nation were then at stake. The Dutch were vigorously pursuing their warfare with England, and it was feared might even reach the metropolis; and whilst this state of things lasted, and the then Ministry remained in office, Sir Walter was- ever busy, advising with Clarendon, or holding interviews with bankers and capitalists, endeavouring to raise loans for the expenses of the war, the Exchequer being empty; and this perpetual mental excitement, joined to the physical fatigue he underwent, strangely rendered him more cheerful of manner, more easy of ap proach. Bnt the cessation of war was suc ceeded by the downfall of Lord Clarendon, and after his removal the* whole of the Ministry was broken up. Then Annabel urged a return to Mowbrey, if only for a time; and Walter at length consented to spend their boy's third birthday there. The eve of little Philip Leppard's birthday had pome, and found himself and parents once more at the Chase. Annabel was sitting alone in her hondoir, which looked towards the South Lodge. She was tired, for her cousins from the Grange, Alice and Cecily Ellice, were stayiug with her, and they had alL been busy daring the day making garlands of leaves and flowers to decorate the hall and rooms on the morrow. The two young girls had now gone to rearrange their disordered hair and dress; Alice was expecting her be trothed to return with Sir Walter, who had gone to the neighbouring town with a com mission from Annabel to the toy-merchant, and a design on his own part to purchase a small pony for Philip. Sitting thus alone in the dusky gloamiacr, Lady Leppard's thoughts unconsciously went back to old times—her childhood, her girl hood, and their varying scenes rose before her memory; her loving father, her yonthful betrothed—Reginald, as he was when last she saw him alive—and the end, the sudden and fearful end, the face which even she could not recognise. Suddenly starting from her reverie, she felt it was not well to recur or dwell upon the past; she made a strong effort, and calling for lights went to a room at the end of a corridor, which led to the tower, where her cousins and she had placed their most precious wreaths, those which were to deck the festive bowl or be twined round the suspended lamps. This room was never occupied. Sir waiter particularly objected to that part of the old house, alleging that the east wind entered too freely; and as there was no lack of apartments, those at the south side had been newly fitted up, whilst those at the east end were dismantled of their furni- . tore. But the two girls and Annabel had ^ found it convenient, on entering from the grounds which they had rifled, to deposit their spoil in Sir Godfrey's room, as it was called, having once been the favourite apart ment of the good knight, who was drowned in endeavouring to save the life of a peasant's child. On entering the room, Lady Leppard went towards a closet, on the shelves of which she knew Cecily had put some artificial roses which were to be mingled with the laurel. Going thus forward, her eyeB fell on the luge and massive mirror which faced her. Not her own reflected image did she see, though it might have been there too,. Spellppund she stood, transfixed by terror, for the pass gave hack to her affrigh ted gaze the lineaments of the dead. Reginald mowbrey, was there, but notas m life-piy of beating and riOble of as pect; but pale, sad-eyed, stem, worn, and cadaverous in appearance, Gradflalra the vision faded, and as it ijroire|l a loud shriek, and fell senseless at the foot of the mirror. In falling, the keys, which, as chdtelaine, she wore suspended from fx waist, struck forcibly against a large front nail which apparently nailed the glass to the wall, and which was in reality a secret spring. The mirror swung back, and there fell forward * skeleton clothed as Reginald had been on the night he disappeared, and as he had been seen just now by Annabel. For two hours she lay insensible, and at length woke to conscious' ness to find herself alone with the dead. Wildly she shrieked now, and so loudly and incessantly that the terrified household rushed in abody to the quarter whence toe sounds proceeded. What was their horroca "I consternation to see their lady sitting on the floor with a skull 1 ring on her lap, the remain ing part of the skeleton at her side, and the swung-back mirror revealing the place of con cealment They removed her from her ghostly companion, Mid placing her on her bed, has tened to summon medical aid. Walter reached home just after this had been done, and being informed of what occurred, went to Sir Godfrey's chamber, where he found Franklin among those as sembled. With a.n unsteady voice, and drops of cold perspiration standing on his brow, ne gave orders that preparations should be tntufa for the immediate interment of the relics of the dead; and after he had seen them l«M upon a bier, he dismissed the servants, And, remaining alone with Franklin, said, "We did not do oar work effectually. This ought to have been buried long since." " Nay," said Franklin; little I thought he was still above the ground. I never dreamt but that you had put him away at once by a sudden blow; but had I known the poor lad lay. here starving slowly to death, 1 would have spoken, though I hated him then." " You were a maniac then, and would per haps have been a fool, had I told you all; but you knew there was foul play, that the poor showman's corpse was not Reginald Mowbrey; and I shut your mouth with bribes. Now it is too late. We must endeavour to hide what may be recognised of the past The doublet alone may be fatal; the rest of the dress was common to us all at the time, in the dim light of yon torch it caxxnbt hitherto have been identified. We can cover it with a winding-sheet, and, under pretence of not disturbing the dead, forbid it any more to be looked at; and in the light of early morn we will see it placed in the earth. Bat you and I must keep watch during the night." Franklin gloomily assented, and the day broke upon the dismal scene. Then the dead remains were conveyed to a remote corner of the churchyard, and left to their rest at last. A.report was spread by Walter that probably they were the bones of a cavalier who had taken refuge behind the mirror in the early days of the Commonwealth. Annabel was restored to health, but never again to the possession of her senses. At times she was frantic, but for the most part die sat silently gazing beforeher, or playing with her fingers. They never let her see a when they found that the sight of one re newed her attack of frenzy. Her «■>"» did not recognise; but he grew up a brave bright-eyed boy, and scoured the woods and climbed the hills fearlessly—too fearlessly, bis father thought, but he could not check him. They went no more to London; and yens Sassed, and Philip's majority was not cele-, rated with festivity—his mother's condition forbade that; bnthe was a fine youth, and little dreamt what a crime his father h«ui done at the same age to make Mowbrey his own. Bat the hour of retribution was at hand. Philip was daring of ascent and de scent of crag and cliff, and pursuing too eagerly his favourite sport, fell from the highest point of Guy's Cliff—there where Regi nald Mowbrey had been supposed to have met his fate. Hie was borne home a mangM and disfigured corpse; so that not even Ap eyes of those who knew him best could say that he was the same youth they had seen leave home that morning so gay aim! 1Mi« of limb. Not long did Sir Walter survive his son ; he expired in the succeeding Antwmn "He died, and made no sign;" but what passed between him and his Maker we know not, perhaps he died repentant. And Annabel, her clonded life and stricken heart found rest at last. She was carefully watched and tended by her cousin Cecily, who eventnally became mistress of Mowbrey. She married Sir Walter's brother, Fu llers;.and it was one of her sons-Who was called by Gideon Franklin to his grandfather's deathbed. . What the young man heard blanched his cheek, and re mained for life a horrible memory; but he told no one. It could do no good to the liv ing, and was best buried in the past and altogether forgotten; but he shuddered when he passed Sir Godfrey's room, or even hflianrf it named. The sun rose, and old Franklin was dead— the effort of revelation had exhausted'his re maining vital energy, and whilst the young clergyman still sat by his side he died. It is from the note-book of this clergyman that I learned these details of the fatal his tory of the Mowbreys. Antiquities fbom Asia Minob.—The anti quities which arrived in Malta from Smyrna some months ago on board Her Majesty's Antelope are now on their way to EnglandL They are intended for the British Museuin. and fill upwards of 200 cases. The greater portion of these antiquities is the result of sir months' excavations among the nuns of (he Temple of Minerva Polias at Priene, in Minor, by Mr. R. Popplewell Pullan. who, as architect of Mr. Newton's expedition to Halicarnassus, rendered effectual services to archaeology, and has distin guished himself by his explorations of the Temple of Bacchus at Taps and of Apollo Smintheus at the Tread, the auspices of the Dilettanti Society. It may be here mentioned that the Temple of Minerva, which was erected by Alexander the Great, is of great beauty, and the ruin as now laid bore is the most complete of any of the Tnwh order, belonging to a good period of art, now extant in Asia Minor. The cases now on their way to "England contain fragments of the sculptunMana architectural adornments of the temmwxoluding portions of the cele brated statue of Minerva mentioned by Pau sanias, a colossal female head of a fine period, parts of several draped statues, heads of the Macedonian time, and fragments of the frieze, which in aiyle closely resembles the reliefs on the Mausoleum, ana is believed, in fact, to be by the same hand. There are also a few inscriptions of much Interest. Besides the marbles discovered by Mr. Pullan, there are S3 oases, toe fruits of toe laboure of Mr. Wood atEphesus. This gentleman, at is well known, has been employed for seine years past by the British Museumin seeking for the world-renowned ^Temple ofDiana^ Dennis, whose researches among^etomb® of the Lydian Kings at Sardis wire Abruptly brought to a dose by the want of bp are also among the consignment.v marbles shipped by the . ing to know that, thongh toe. extoret^u ^y Mr. Pullan were conducted 