TAMWORTH. (FROM OUR. CORRESPONDENT.) _ . September 28th. i Tim weather daring tlio past week lias beeu sll'that I could be desired, save a small shower that fell ea I Wedne'day and Saturday last,-on.the latter day $ slight fall of hail. The weather ainco has set in tolerably warm, with symptoms of a continuance. On Wednesday evening last, the second meeting ot the elocution class took placo, under the presidency of Mr. Arra wer. Various recitations and readings were submitted to the meeting, subject to the ariticism of the members presont, which on _ the wholo were well rendered, and in each case reoeived a fair amountof applause. The following aro the names of the gentlemen :-Messrs. Armstrong, Holroyd, ; Symes, Neale, Sigmont, Bennett, Boyd, and Arrawer. During last week a rather unwelcome visitor appeared within the precints of Mr. Whinfield's dwelling namely, the drawing-room. Mrs. Whinfield being alone in the room observed with no degree of pleasure a snake measuring some four feet. . Having raised an alarm, the teacher of St. Paul's school came to the rescue, who at once despatched the would-be visitor. We are informed that this is the second snake killed in the parsonage. Members of the Aueient Order of Foresters will, no doubt, be glad to learn that a court of their order 'viii bo shortly established in this township. Mr. It, A. Handly has boen intrusted with tho opening of tho same Dy tho permission of tho delegates and district officers; Tho court hos> every appearance ot being second to nono of other friendly societies ¡ in this town- ship. THE FOLEY Tnour-E.-This company appeared for the first time OB Monday lost at tho Mechanic*' Instituto, to a largo audience ; suffice to Bay, the enter- tainment throughout was much admired and applauded, especially the rendering of Master and Miss Kate Feloy, the former labouring under a severe cold. We believo thoy intend taking a trip to Armidale, Uralla, and Bowling Alley, and trust their presence will he taken advantage of by a bumping attendance at each township. . t The all-absorbing topic is the war and its final iisne having many admirers on both «irles. The feelings of some may bo judged by their willingness to lay Vi to 20s that France is victorious, and vice vmit. The Guardian office was literally, besieged on Saturday evening last on its becoming known that the mail bsd arrived, which had a tendency to put a padlock on the fivers so willingly offered a few days previous. WEST MAITLAND BOROUGH COUNCIL.- Meun, Alexander Wilson, and Keyrau Cronnan have been, appointed hy his Excellency to the vacant floats ia the West Maitland Borough Council. THE COUNT VON ATTBMS.-Messrs. Greville »nil Company (Itoutor's agents) have received a telegram from Batavia, which states that the Count Von Attemi has been convicted and sentenced to six years and ais months' imprisonment, with 1000 florins fine. PULLING MATCH.-Tho Hawkesbury Water Brigade have accepted a challenge thrown out by the livest' Maitland Water Brigade, and are willing to pull \ right- away raco on tho Hawkesbury, on Boxing Day, in thoir own boats, the West Maitland Brigade to hare the choice of boats. OBITUARY.-Mr. G. H. Howell, secretary of the Southern Insurnnco Company, and well known it aquatic circles as secretary to the Koyol Sydney Yacht Club, died on Friday night at bis residence, St. Leonards. The deccasod gentleman had been suffering from heart disease. SLY" GROG'-SE&LING; IN THE MUDGEE DISTBICT. -Fifteen informations agaiiiBt Bly-grog sellers «ere tried at tho Mudgee police-court on Tuesday last The informant with tho knowledge of the police, hid started to Gulgong and Tallewang, and made a busineu like-entry of tho names of the shanty keepers he htd visited, tho dates, and tho liquor obtained by him from each. Eight of the parties ware fined L30, with ttl, uiuol alternativo, two were adjourned, and tho reit dismissed. GALE'S BALLOON.-It will lie seen hy advertisement that the comuiittee moot to- nioht, at Muscutt's hold, for the purpose of purchasing a now balloon for Mr. T. Gale. EFFECTS OF DRINK.-A man of the namo of William Mason was on Friday last, at Goulburn, sent to gaol for two months for stealing an iron pot, tho property of his father. He had lately been drinking to excess, sad had sold the pot for la. FIRE AT BRISBANE "WATER.-A statcmont reached Sydney on Friday evening, to the effect that the dwelling-honso anil premises of Mr. Thomas Scott, at Point Claro, Brisbane "Water, had boen destroyed br fire._ Our informant stated that, one of tho inmates having had occasion to light a small fire in the open air, for the pnrpose of singeing some poultry which had been killed, a sudden gust of wind drove the flames sod embers in the direction of tho outbuildings, and the dwelling-houso and tho whole promises being of wood wero all consumed boforo tho liro could bo arrested. Thero was, we beliove, an insurance on the place in tb» Liverpool and London office, bul to what extent in proportion to the value we havo not heard. PRINCE OP "WALES OPERA HOUSE.-On Saturday evening Mr. and Mrs. Bandmann appeared iu Hamlet Probably none of Herr Bund mann's impersonations are moro felicitous than that of tho philosophic Dane. It is carried out with great vigour and originality-maur of tho _ more hackneyed effects being entirely done away with, and substituted by others moro interesting in their, detail. Probably the most significant sign of the renown which Herr Bnndmunn has acquired in th» part was afforded in the large audienco which, at the short notice of a few hours, gathered to enjoy it lie found a worthy Ophelia in Mrs. Bandmann, tho character of tho gentío and loving Danish maiden being well displayed by that . talented lady. Mr. Hoakins'i Ghost, Mr. Bartlett's Laertes, and Mr. Chorlos Young's Gravedigger are impersonations well known here, and upon which a repetition of comment is unnecessary. To-night, Homeo and'Juliet will be presented. Tie part of Juliet is one of Mrs. Bandmann's moat finely wrought conceptions, and tho renown which the acquired in it on her former visit to this city cannot fail to ensure a large audionce. APPRAISEMENTS OP BUNS IN NEW Esnusa-A Court of Appraisement for tho rental of a portion of "lie runs in the district of New England, was held in tho Court- house, Armidale, on AVednesday last, the Crown Lands Commissioner, T. AV. Harriott, Esq., presiding. The following is a list of twenty-four nun valued ou the occasion : -Gyro.-Leased by Mesin. Fraser,'Legh, and Anderson ; joint appraiser,' Mr. IV. Cameron; fixed nt LUO. . Guy Fawx.-Lessee, Edward Parke ; _ joint appraiser, "W. Brown ; fixed at I/W Hernani.-Lessee, E. Hargrave; joint appraiser, ll. Brown ; fixed at L40. Greenwich.-Lessee, AV. Free- mon ; joint appraiser, E. Parke ; fixed at L20. Sprint mount-Lessee, J. Byan; joint appraiser, P. M'Kto lay ; fixed at L30. Salisbury.-Lessee, M. H. Marsh ; joint appraiser, J. Gill ; fixed at L80. Ocutwiclt. LesseeB, Dangar, Bros. ; sole appraiser, Crowu Com- missioner; fixed at L50. Bald Hills.-Lessee, W. A. B. GrcaveB ; solo appraiser, ditto ; fixed at L45. Mihi North. -Lessees, Macdonald, Smith and HiiTgins ; sole ap., ditto ; . fixed at DIG. Mihi South.-Lc-sees, ditto ; sole ap., ditto ; fixed at 105. Enmore. Lessees, ditto ; solo ap., ditto ; fixed at LOO. »«" rowyok.-Lessees, Dangar Bros., solo oppw»*r, ditto ; fixed at L100. Eversley.-Lessees. Belfield and Co. ; sole appraiser, ditto ; fixed ot LCO. . Ltaduy. -Lessees, ditto ; soleap., ditto ; fixed ' at IA* Saumarez.-Lessee, H. A. Thomas ; sole op., ditto; fixed at L14. Bampsbeck.-Lessee, ditto ; «ole ap., ditto; fixed, at L38. Tyringham.-Lessen, J. I«' rott ; sole np., ditto ; fixed nt L2fl. Clea Ferne'«-" -Lessee, A. M'Lcnnan ; solo op., ditto j "fixed at; L-l». Ollera.-Lessees, Messrs. Everett; solo ap., «»">> fixed ot L130. Tenterden.-Lessees, ditto ; sole ap-, fixed at LIDS. Moredun.-Lessee. A. AVarskopo ; sole ap., fixed at L140. Torriblo Volo.-Lessee, Mrs Taylor; solo ap., ditto ; fixed at L125.. .Tilbusten Lessee, AV. Dumaresq ; solo ap., ditto ; fixed ut Ll-u -Telegraph. THE Wextern Examiner renori* that on Saturday la»' two splendid nuggets were brought to tho Commercial Bank in Orange, the one weighing 21or, and the otier 4or. They were both remarkably pure, and. contornea but a very small amount of dirt. Tho. locality win» the find was made is at Lewis's Pond, the large onsbem« found about thirteen feet bolow the surface, and tn« »railer one at a lesa depth. 