ITALY. ARITHMETIC AND THE OPPOSITION BISHOPS. . Under this title we nnd in the last num ber of the ' Bulletin du Concile,' conducted by Fathers of the ; Society of Jesus, one of those peremptory arguments on the question of conciliar ' unanimity' which suffice to re move it definitively out of the field of con troversy. The new Gallican theory, saiys our contemporary, is as violently opposed to history as to theology. It suffices1 to irecord three facts in Ecclesiastical history to1 show that ' mortal unanimity was utterly un known in the early ages as a condition of dogmatic definitions. ' ; j At Nice, 22 Bishops out of 318 supported Arius. Among the Prelates who favoured the. heresiarch were men celebrated in their day' as writers, like Eusebius of Cfesarea, possessing influence at Court;' and famous ? iii ? mi ii ni'Tdg for learning ani eloquence. They had vw«» ten works in defence of religion, some of which are quoted even at this day as remarkable monuments of ecclesiastical antiquity. Yet the Council put them aside, and condemned both the heresiarch and hia partizans. At Constantinople the blasphemy of Macedonius, who denied the Divinity of th* Holy Ghost, was defended by 36 Bishops out of 147. The Council put them aside, and the heresy was anathematized. At Ephesus, 59 Bishops out of 198 separ* ated from the Council, and sided with Nestorius. The Council put them aside, and the heresiarch was deposed and excommuni cated, The numbers in each case are those given by Fleury, the model historian of tho Gallican school. New what the Church did in her first three Councils, which all Christians profess to venerate, she has evidently the right to d.o now and always. Let us 'take the num.be? of Fathers in the Vatican Council at 750. and a brief arithmetical calculation will show what ought to be the number of oppo sition Bishops in that assembly to equal the minorities which did not prevent the first three CEcumenical Councils from publishing their anathemas. It is a case of simple pro portion. Nice ... 318 : 22 : : 750 : 51 Constantinople... 147 : 36 : : 750 : 183 Ephesus ... 198 : 69 :: 750 : 261 If then the opposition to the definition of Papal infallibility should muster 51 votes, the Vatican Council will put them aside, ft| at Nice. If the opposition counts 183 voices,1 the Vatican Council will put them aside, as at Constantinople. If, lastly, the opposition should attain to the number of 261, tke Vaticar Council will put them aside, as at Ephesus, ' and tb,© new heresy will take its place with those of Arius, Macedonius, and Nestorius.' (' Bui* letin du Concile,' p. 629.) 