CASTELAR ON THE (ECUMENICAL COUNCIL. A ~ i -s ! (From the Special Correspondent of the Standard.] MADRID, May 6. THE proceedings of the (Ecumenical Council naturally attract much attention here. The following article on them is published in the Madrid Discussion, from the eloquent pen of Senor Castelar : THE (ECUMENICAL Council.. I " Popular assemblies struggle; Governments resist; political parties vociferate ; nationalities affirm or deny; Germany has entered on a critical period, likely to engender a war. England-the staid and prudent England-has effected nothing less than a social revolution by the passage of an agrarian law. In this state of things one capital point raises its head above all others, as if to show how supremely humanity values its moral interests. That point is the religious point the Ecumenical Council. At rust it would appear impossible to have attracted public interest to it, considering the many plans the Roman Pontificate has adopted to divert it. While our age admits through every pore the air and the light of liberty, especially in matters whose conception is thought, and whose organ is speech, the Council at Rome enshrines itself in the region of mystery, and imposes an absolute silence. This silence, now that the Press circulates from pole to pole now that the telegraphic wire vibrates like the harp agitatedly the wind-now that the shriek of the locomotive is heard everywhere wherever congresses meet to elucidate the highest problems- now that political tribunes are like the summits of the intellectual world round which the noisy tempests of the human spirit gather-this silence in the midst of so much activity is one of those impos- sibilities only the Court of Rome would attempt, as if, instead of living in the centre of Europe, she lived in the ruins of Asia or the deserts of Africa ! The intellectual Germany, which never tires of investigation-that nation which snatched from Caesarian Rome its sceptre of iron, and from pontifical Rome its once incontestable moral supremacy over Europe, now divulge all the secrets of the Council. In Augsburg, that very Augsburg where Luther edited the (symbol of the new Christianity, they publish all the Conciliar canons which the Pope wishes to be kept in mystery and the world not to know until they are declared and admitted as dictates of the voice of the Holy Ghost ! J " This publicity has two great inconveniences for the Holy See ; first, it breaks one of its prescriptions, that of silence and secondly, it warns, 'the Governments and states of the world of the machinations i which are being concocted in the grand- Catholic assembly against the religious and moral independence of the peoples whom Rome wishes to convert into perpetual hordes of slaves, eating, under its shade, a spiritual food formed of the eighty moral, political, and scientific heresies contained in the eighty articles of the Syllabus. { "The Pontifical Government have omitted no means of preventing the publication of the seconds of the Council. Respectable bishops have been accused, worthy sacerdotal expelled, letters by the post opened, travellers detained, luggage examined, and all those inquisitorial means, whose brutality is only equalled by their inefficiency, have been employed to find out the mysterious correspondent of the Gazette de Aiigsbtug. This paper, the more the Pope tries to suppress the nes, laughs the more at his efforts, and promises its readers not only the propositions which may he put upon paper, but also those broached in the secret sanctuary, where resides the Pope, the infallible, the new deity, sustained by the joint aid of the Holy Spirit and of " Revalenta Arabica." | The perfidy of the newspaper referred to has almost engendered an international question. The nuncio of his Highness in Munich has complained to the King and to the Government that this conspiracy against Conciliar silence - and mystery resides in the Bavarian Embassy in Rome. "We could never have believed this. Havana is the most Catholic corner of Germany. There they build Grecian cathedrals, to be occupied by Romish monks. There they enclose the Catholic communities in the Pagan lines arid amongst the counterfeited bas-reliefs of the Parthenon of Athens. There they perpetually maintain a basin and a hyssop to exercise those who go to or return from North Germany. Its poets sing a perpetual Te Deum, Its philosophers commentate on the Most High. Heinrich Heine sings of a German student who died, and who, though destined to eternal flames, managed to arrive at the gates of Heaven. There are beguiled St. Peter With his easy gossip, his lightness, and his Voltarianigrace, in spite of the great dread St. Peter has of students who play on the instrument of human reason. The youth bewitched the old man so that the old man let him pass into the heavenly Jerusalem to visit its holy palaces. Knowing his sceptical talents and his natural rebellion, he gave him some hints. ' Look,' said he how the Great God, the same as all terrestrial kings, likes to be praised. Cry out with all the force of the lungs, "Holy, holy the?" Look at S the choirs of angels and of seraphs who sing a music somewhat slow and monotonous, but which leaves that of Rubini or Mario far behind!' The student went on, but when he had got only a few steps from the gate, St. Peter cried out,, M forgot one thing. If thou art asked from whence there comes, don't say Berlin, say that thou art from Vienna, or even better still, from Munich '.' And this Munich, so well reported at the celestial gates, now commits treason against the successor of St. Peter. "What would the, head only porter now say ? j " The (Ecumenical Council is well known to the world thanks to the German Press. Ocumcni'cal ! What signifies this Greek word ? Ecumenical signifies universal in a metaphysical sense. But this Roman Council, forsooth, is it universal? Three Churches now divide Christianity-the Eastern or Greek Church, the Western or Romish Church, and the Evangelical or Protestant Church. It would have been worthy of a Pope who was at the altitude of the age, and whose forehead, as it were, touched the spiritual world, to have convoked these three Churches, and to have submitted to them the means of founding upon ancient Judaism a pure moral, ; and a philosophical theology, which, opposing itself to the materialism every day more rampant, should? satisfy that thirst for the infinite which, not withstand- ' ing its conquests over nature, and its industrial wonders, is ever felt "by" our spirit-child of the heavens, panting, from this lower world, for its country ! But says the Patriarch of the Church at Constantinople, ' We shall not go, for we wish not to enter into endless disputes, which would only. ' agitate our consciences and souls.' Says the Patriarch of Alexandria, ' We cannot accept this invita- tion, for it destroys the equality which ought to reign amongst the Churches of God. The Protestants, notified by the Pope in the letter to the Catholic Archbishop ofi>Westminster.that they would be re- quired to make previous recognition of the supremacy of the Council, have also refused to attend, it is reckoned there are 356,000,000 of Christians; 104,000,000 are Protestants ; 81,000,000 are Greeks ; consequently, this Council which, under the belief that it represents the habitable globe, calls itself Ecumenical or Universal, does not even represent the majority of the Christians in the world. "And what are they met for To declare the eternal Infallibility of the Pope ? But how can he be infallible if up to the centuries of the middle age he was not thought so? Search the annals of the first five cen- turies- the period of inspiration and of martyrdom, and say which of the heroes of Christian thought Vi as a Pope, or which of Ecumenical Councils was celebrated by convocation of the Pope, or even in Rome The supremacy of the Popes dates from the false decretals of Isidore Mercator. Isidore Mer caterers a falsification so egregious that, ignoring , completely ecclesiastical history, the Latin of the first ' century, and the Greek of all centuries, he wrote as from fathers of the first 70 years of the Church, letters to fathers who were not born till the end of the fourth century! When he cites the Bible, he cites it with texts of St. Geronimo, not written till 400 years later than the documents he falsifies. These forgeries were invoked by Nicholas I to sustain that Rome had for a very long period been the head of humanity. Peter,' said Isodore, I had been called in Greek Cephas, or the head ;' but no small difficulty arises here, for never did Cephas mean a head. _ Yet these very false decretals Gregory VII. called indisputable ! But even the Jesuits recognised these as a clumsy tangled web, disfigured with audacious and incomprehensible lies. " By declaring now, not the Roman supremacy for to that the Catholic peoples of both continents are conformed but the infallibility of the Pope, through the mere accident of his being Pope, awakens records now slumbering and questions almost forgotten. If all the Popes have been infallible, how is it that so many of them, according to the Church's own confession, have been mistaken? Pope Calixto was a Subellian. For him there was no God the Son, but I only the Spirit which dwelt in the Son. Pope Liberio l was an Arian. The Second Person of the Trinity was J not in his creed. Pope Zozirno was a Palagian. Ho , destroyed Grace, and so destroyed Christianity, Pope , Leo II. anathematised Pope Hocurio. Which'of « those two was wrong P. If they dissented from each of J other on a capital point of dogma, how could they both be infallible The body of Pope Pormoao was exhumed by, of one; of his successors, dressed in Pontifical robes, tried in public, defended as a criminal, and sentenced to have three fingers cut off (the three with which he used to bless the faithful), and then be thrown into the yellow waters of the Tiber-all which was done. "Which of those two Popes was infallible, the judge or the criminal, the victim or the executioner ? I cannot comprehend how in an age like this-an analytical and rationalistic age- any one can propose to create the idea that a man like the rest of his species, and, like them, week, can be incapable of error. To my mind I can, conceive of no greater absurdity. It is nevertheless true that the doctrine of the Pope's Infallibility gains ground. The correspondents of the Ultramontane papers are in ecstasies of faith and enthusiasm when they hear the Roman people cry out, ' Viva, the Pope infallible ! ' This very people necessitate the aid of three nations, France, Austria, and Italy, to uphold his broken throne. They call for the bayonets of the sons of Voltaire to sustain the tiara of the successor of St. Peter. But, be this as it may, 'do not suppose that the Church will admit the competency of the people in matters of faith, nor be ready to submit the Council to a plebiscite. Therefore, the cries of the Roman populace, whom the police easily move, signify nothing as regards the validity of the dogma. The letter of the celebrated Chaldean bishop, who pronounced against the dogma, does, however, signify something. The maledictions heaped upon him in the Eternal City have been of such magnitude and force that they touched his heart and moved him to address a letter to the Pope, exclaiming ' Peccavi.' When it was found that his principal arguments against Infallibility were derived from Pope Ilonorio, they produced an Arabic manuscript, undiscovered hither- to, proving that Pope Honorius never was a heretic. And if that Pope was no heretic, it remains proved that Pio IX. cannot he infallible. The limits of our natural individuality, our necessary conditions, them in ture of dress and error with which we receive all truths, the likeness between the Pope and other men, that debility which renders all of us liable to sin and sophia, to evil and deceit all went for nothing when argued by the Chaldean bishop nothing in. comparison to Pope Honorius, restored to voracity by the Arabic manuscript. So Pope Pius IX. was man when the Council began, and will be a God when the Council has concluded. -Jit mine eradicate. " This Assembly, disposed to let the Pope absorb all the bishops in Wa divine personality, has its tempestuous scenes like all other mortal and ordinary assemblies. Only a few days ago, the faithful who were passing through the spacious extent of St. Peter's heard a horrible tumult in the chapel of the Council, though no one could explain the cause. One might have supposed they were setting fire to the sanctuary of the Holy Ghost. That cry was a cry of fanaticism and intolerance. The old flames were re- vivifying, the ancient turns of the torment were being reviewed, the old members of the Inquisition were being rekindled. When the Church had completely desolated entire peoples by consigning them to heresy, one bishop- Strossmayer-celebrated for his opposition to Papal Infallibility,' declared that Protestantism ought not to be confounded with materialism, pantheism, or with atheism. in corroboration of this theory, he invoked those great Protestant thinkers who have defended the spirituality and immortality of the soul, the being of a God, and His incommunicable Providence. When he cited Liebnitz, there were slight murmurs from the conscript fathers of the spirit. But when he cited Guizot, there arose a tumult of protests like a combat. The Spanish father especially, directed themselves to the , tribune in hostile attitude, as if they would oblige him to descend by force. Strossmayer, sad and sorrowful, has appealed to his Government to preserve his independence of judgment, and in his perplexity has asked his friends if religious souls must seek a refuge in Protestantism from the blindness of Roman pride as Thus we see what the most likely results of this Ecumenical Assembly will be-simply doubts for the most pious intelligences. The end of this assembly, which having aspired to be a senate of gods had fallen lower than the worst assemblies of men, will he this Eternal punishment on its pride, which closes its eyes to freedom and to reason." ' ' THE OBJECTS OF AIF-In Greece the noble and the beautiful were so necessary a part of the very concep- tion of that which constituted art that the representation of pain and grief itself was inadmissible except disguised by a poetic version. The Niobe was. not to be disfigured by her tears, the Laocoon as to preserve a certain grace in his agony, Art was too great and solemn a tiling, too nationally important, to be brought down to a mere expression of domestic life. If an epic was written, its subject was chosen in some event considered as belonging to the race, the siege of Troy or the taking of Jerusalem, not an obscure Italian crime, or a sailor with two Tarves ; such grand means were not to he used for so vulgar an end, the gods were not to be sum- moned except on worthy occasions. If it was necessary to tell such things at, all, let. them be writ in novelty like those of Boccaccio. If a drama was to be represented, . it depicted the wrongs of Agamemnon, or, the' sorrows, rated by the gods themselves, of the doomed Oedipus it would have been demanding too much to ask an audience to weep over the woes of the " Lady of Lyons and a gardener's son. Even Shakespeare himself never ventured on the domestic drama properly so called, except in a farce, and even then almost always idealised l by transporting the scene to Italy or Greece Domestic life has risen into importance since that time, and threatens to absorb all OBX present art. There were not a dozen pictures in the Academy last year belonging even to the same school of thought as the ancient. Mr. Watts's beautiful " Orpheus and Eurydice," Mr. Leighton's Electra " and " Icarus," Mr. W. Richmond's " Procession of Bacchus," were almost the only exceptions of any power. No doubt the ancient artists cut themselves off from 'an enormous field of interest and beauty ; but- can we he right in so ignoring the higher, nobler poetry of life and con- fining ourselves so much to the nursery and the drawing-room? There is even an, ideal mode of (treating the most ordinary and real things in which we generally fail. For instance, that wonderful little gem of colour, tire pale, sad, young girl' knitting in the half light of a deep old French window of Edouard Frere, is pathetic in its tender simplicity. Therefore it seems to have been considered that the mere fact of girls sewing is of itself a very interesting subject, and last year accordingly we had whole rows of pictures of different editions of the article, washing, sew- ing, cooking, and playing. " Ce n'est pas plus matin que go," to make a picture, the French painter seems to say with the careless grace of his figure, and we believe him in all stupidity literally, and go and do likewise as we think. But we must have MR power of putting mind into matter, developing the hidden poetry of the thought in the common-place action, as in Mr. Mason's "Evening Prayer," or it will not be a picture and not interesting at all. " To me the meanest flower that blows can give LI Thoughts that do often he too deep for tears " is all very well, for Wordsworth to say, but that's no reason why Mr. Martin Tupper can make us cry over a family of deceased kittens. The colours must be mixed with brains, sir," as Opie once'said. Literal transcripts of what we see are not beautiful unless they have passed through the alembic of a mind, as it were, and unless nature is interpreted in- telligently and reverently as well as carefully, in which case the record of a stone becomes interesting. Fraser's Magazine. i j MODE or AscEiiTArwNa THE RESULTS OF I THE DIFFERENT KINDS OF "VACCINATION M. Constantin Paul proposes a simple plan of vaccination which will allow one, in years to come, to judge of the value of the vaccine mat to used. The water is now in Paris, obtained in three ways 24. The lymph which, some Jenner's time, has passed from one human being to another. 2. The lymph obtained from spontaneous cow-pox, and propagated from one heifer to another. 3\. The lymph gathered in the latter way, and then carried from arm to arm. For No. 1, make three punctures on the arm in a line parallel to the axis of the limb for No. 2 three punctures arranged in an isosceles triangle, the base below; for No. 3, the same triangle with the base above. Thus, if this mode were generally adopted, it would be easy to say, in examining the arms of adults, what kind of vaccination has been used in individual cases. > MONSTER TELESCOPE -Messrs. Cooke and Son, the celebrated astronomical instrument manufacturers, of York, have just completed the largest re- tracting telescope ever constructed. The tube, which is cigar-shaped, is 32 feet long, and in the centre of 3 feet 6 inches diameter, whilst the object- glass is 25 inches diameter. A metal pillar upon which it stands is 20 feet high, and about 6 feet diameter at the base. At the top of, and within the pillar, is a driving clock, the weights of which occupy the lower hollow of the same part of the installment. The order for the telescope was given over five years ago by Mr. Newall, submarine cable manufacturer, of Gateshead, into whose possession, at the latter place, it is now in course of removal. It is the intention of Mr, Newall to erect an observatory for its accommodation in Mad'eho, ? 