THEATRICALS. PBIKCB 0» WALKS 0PK1U. HOUS1. The week opened with ' The Busy Body,' one fif the cleverest pieces that has boen played linoe Mr. M&thewa;' engagement here began. Never were we so thoroughly disappointed as on the lirat night of its performance. In apite of Mr. Mathewo, and Mr. Young, who did their tery best, the thing was a.perfect failure. The fault lay chiefly with Mr. Douglas and Mr. Monro. the blame with the latter alone. Mr. Douglas accepted, at the very last moment, the part of Sir George Airy, which had been allotted to Mr. Hoskins, and had not time ?Slough to commit to memory the words Of' Tub role. Under the circumstances therefore, it would be unfair to find fault with him. For Mr. Monro, however, there 1b no such excuse. We understand that 'Charles' had been in his hands for more than * week, and the wretched way in which, after so touch preparation, he rendered the part, was Commented upon by nearly all the habitues of the theatre. Mr. Monro has much to learn. He seems to us to be like one of those would-be ? pianists, who, dreading the drudgery of master uag the exercises and the elements of music, rush at once into polkas and waltzes, and, when they can jerk through half a dozen of these, imagine that they are perfect musicians. The best advice one can give to such people Would be a recommendation to practice the gamut. And we think Mr. Monro might very profitably give half an hour or an hour a day to the acquisition and practice of the elementary Jttlea of elocution. Such practice would very loon enable him to succeed at least in making himself heard. As it is, half his werds are lost for want of a distinct utterance, especially of his final consonants. Never was there a greater Contrast between two different plays than the Coatrant between the first and the subsequent per formances of ' The Bu9y Body.' This comedy Was repeated every sight throughout the week, and Wlch time with great success. By the Tuesday ??ening Mr. Douglas had thoroughly mastered hia part, and his rendering of Sir Charles Airy Was excellent. Mr. Monro had not im proved. Mr, Young, as the avaricious guardian of Miranda, pleased us immensely tSntil the denouement of the plot took place, when we think that his surprise and in dignation at the treachery of his ward, by Whom he had been cleverly jilted, were not ttaarked enough to be consistent with the ani fixation of character which, he had manifested throughout the night. Mr. Mathews we pur posely pass over. The other characters call for Ho special notice. We may mention, however, 60 passant that we heard several words pro fiounced in a way which seemed to us incorrect. For instance, Mr. Douglas gave the Latin sound Of the '«' in the word 'gratis' ; Mr. Young the English soand of the 'a' in ' valet de zkambre' and Mr. Monro pronounced the Word ' implacable' as though it were written With two ' c's.' We think too that some Change for the better might be made in several parts of the play itself. Thara are a iew indeli Gate allusions which would be better omitted, ftjad aoose other excuse for Sir Francis Gripe's d«aire to remove the screen from the fireplace ffiight very readily b-e found. Ths orange-peel it too far fetched and too unnatural. Ths osher fl«w event of the waek ia the Jiamantia Idea, a pretty political drama in on« act and of that Mnsational kind which takes wall with & mixed aadience. The hero, Hans SkelSer, played by Mr. Mathews, is a young Gernua author travelling in search of aoma even 4 which Will »erve as the groundwork of a novsl. Arriv* lag at * pretty country village he puta np at the lao, the landlord of which, a asriy, jaalous old Saao, is married to a pretty girl, with whom the SPoang auther has had several flirtations in Paria. \- Hans Skelter takes a heavy sapper of sausage and tear wine, during which he hears that a ruined 8aatl«, visible in the distance, h haunted. The fetory ia conveyed to him partly by the hostess, (Miss Colville), partly by the hoab, bat chiefly is a ballad, aung by one of the young girls Oi th« village, several of wb.oai are taking their itflaicg^ meal beneath the trees in front of the icstalna, Haas Skelter, confident thai, in the bannted ruin he will find the idaa that he ia in Search of, determines to pa3s the nigh1', in tha Castle. With some difficulty ha succeeds in t«$ting 3, guide. The mac who undertakes tha 8aty U a villairous looking postillion, (Mr. Mooro) who succeeds injgiving Hans Skelter the Impression that he (the postillion) is in league With the ghost of tha cast!*, indeed that he is the {boat himaelfj and makes the young anchor teaoive to look closely to tha priming of hia pistols. Arrived at the castle, the guide dep«*rt3, . Haas Skelter lights his fire among tha ruinj,. Uaa down upon a grass covered mound, scsokes kis pipe and falls asleep. Tha sour wine or -the Sausages or tha bad impression produced by the {ttstiuioo, or the renewal o£ the acquaintance With his old love, or all these eventa combined, have excited the imagination ot the young author, lad he dreams. The viaioa forma the subject of the remainder of the play, and reminds the specta tor very much of ' Faust.' The ruined castle is suddenly restored to its ancient splendour, the postillion, as a kind ot Mephisfcopheles, ap pears iu the banqueting hall, the old boat; be COCaes the Lord oc the Chateau, the pretty wife b the Countess, and Hans Skelter, himself, their soa. The transformation was well fijanaged and produced a decided eff^cii. The Whole scene partook so thoroughly of the com plex nature ot' a dream, that it was difficult to Siatinguiab, between the tragic and the burlesque. Haaa Skelter awakes at; last by the repoi-6 of bis own pistol which he had fired, during &13 sleep at the supposed devil, aad as he fcWakeu th« sun is 'rising, and the villagers &-tadttd by th** old landlord and hia wife, who &a-l; changed th-eix costume with marvellous ra* $ldity, are coming ia search of aim. The iaaaery was very good, although tie effect ©f S&f; oaecolig&i; vvdvr of &-3 raias «u spoiled ?omewhat by the eight of the fewo. candlea or gaslight* behind the Bilvsry orb. To-niflht (Friday) ia a vicerogal command night, and Mr. Mathews will appear in one of his fineBt characters— that of Mr. Affable Hawk. Mr. Bartlett, too, will appear for the first time ?ince his return to Sydney ; and, as this gentle man is an actor of the Mathews School, we ahall have an opportunity of comparing two masters of the same art. Postal Irregularities. — The irregu larity with which the mails are received up the country has been long a cause of complaint. Day after day and week after week we receive letters complaining of postal irregularities ; but the Post Office authorities lay the blame on the dreadful state of the roads and the constantly recurring floods latterly, by which the rivers have been made impassable. The floods have been terrible, we must admit ; but the floods nave been, to a certain extent, maae tne stain ing horse for the neglect or inefficiency of the Post Office Department. It is useless to try to remedy this by individual application ; but, what we have been unable to accomplish singly, might be effected by petitions from the various districts that sufter by this neglect or incompetency, by agitation and by deputations, now that 'depu- tations' govern the country. We see by the local papers that Braidwood has taken the initia tive in this matter, and we would recommend that the example be universally followed wher ever there is anything grievous to complain of. At Braidwood, on Monday last, a large and 3nfluenti3l meeting was held 'for the purpose of representing to the Post master General the unsatisfactory manner in which the mail service is being carried out between Braidwood and Goulburn, and pray* ing that steps be at once taken for ensuring greater regularity.' The following resolutions, amongst others, were proposed and carried una nimously : — 'That the delivery of the mails between Goulburn and Braidwood have been for the last six months extremely irregular, and that no sufficient cause exists, in the opinion of this meeting, for irregularities.' That no mail was delivered in Braidwood betsveen Tuesday, the 2nd August instant, and the afternoon of Satur day, the 6th August instant, although the pas senger coaches with heavy luggage have con stantly and regularly travelled throughout the whole time between those dates.' 'That the delays complained of, and which have for the last six moncus ueea oi annosc wee&iy; occurrence, | have caused great loss and inconvenience to the ? residents of this and the neighbouring districts, ; and that great dissatisfictioa exists throughout '. those districts, in consequence of such delays.' ; 'That the foregoing resolution be forwarded by the Chairman of the meeting to the Honorable the Postmaster- General, with a request that he ' will institute immediate enquiry into the causes j of the unaccountable delays which have called j for the expression of opinions embodied in such resolutions. ' Faksjelly's Wharf, Millers Point. — We were agTeeably surprised on visiting this ; important part of the city to se« the improve ments that are being carried out on this wharf, which from its position must one day become the moat valuable property in the city. Mr. Patrick Farrelly, the owner, seems to anticipate its in- ' Sure requirements — already there ia a splendid range oi stores erected there all .«t cut stone, and there is another range being carried on, which, from appearances, will certainly eclipse any thing of the sort in the city for substantial architecture, extent, »nd height, which ia to be of fire stories. We are proud to sae thai & countryman of oars own such a valuable property, and als© to see thai he 13 capable of superintend ing the erection of these important buildings. The good* which are on the wharf we *tb in formed amount to the value ot ac least £50,000. Mr. Farrelly is an energetic hardworking man, and fully deaeives hi3 good fortune. 