A RUINED LIFE. (Concluded from our last) game midsummer's day brought news mi^o to Easky, that Michael Herican "T married Kitty Moran, and that the Jy oW's heartless schemes had been accom- Ththouse of Bridget Davanagh was now 1 te indeed. Her son lost for ever in the SMIBI waters! Her daughter sleeping in ffrillace churchyard, bearing the burden of I rross no more! There was no cheer for tbe well-meant gossip of her neigh- There was no comfort for her in the e of a land, beyond this mortal, of per- 7 al rest. If her religious instincts and rinciples were stiU alive th ' e y remained mb and dormant. She could not read. L loved not company. Her few personal gjessities rendered much bodily toil superus and when her work was done, she had other occupation than to sit down and food over her sorrows. The Tange of her imiffbt was narrow. She had no future to ** forward to. Her eyes were only on the •st, and the past held for her but two figures .her murdered Mary and her Mary's murerer. It was in vain that the good parish riest sought to divert her mind and lead her i better things; for, though she said but ttle and that quietly, he could see, like all ho now came intimately near her, that her iculties were clouded, and her control over er will and imagination almost totally des- >yed. How long she might have lived thus witht becoming fully crazed was, fortunately, ever tested. A letter came to her one fening, bearing a foreign, post-mark, and ottedover with the many-coloured stamps ;bich tell of journeys upon sea and land, t was the first letter she had ever received. Jo relative or friend, no acquaintance except jichael Herican, had she out of Easky, and was sorely puzzled, as she broke the seal turned the pages up and [down and siderays in the useless attempt to tell from hence it came. She called in a passing thool-child to decipher it; and as he blunered through its weary lines, she sat with er face buried in her hands, rocking her ody ceaselessly to and fro. He reached the nd'and read the signature of " Bernard Duransgh." The widow's boy still lived. She ifted° her worn face out of her hands, and lie tears chased each other down her cheeks. Phey eased her throbbing brain, and she lade tfce child go over it again, for of its first eading she had scarcely heard a word except lie name. And now she learnt that he was i America. He had been left sick on shore, tthe last voyage of his ill- fated vessel, and .scaped alive. Since then he had been tossed n every sea which bears a name, till, tired of le toil and danger, he bad settled in the farjffmining regions of the western continent, le now sent for her and Mary to come out o bim, enclosing money and passage certifiates for each, and saying that in two months' ime he hoped to have them both with him in is new home. It was a long time before the Id woman could comprehend the message; rat, when she once really understood that lernard was alive, she would have started on instant to reach her boy. Her idea of the istance was, that America lay somewhere mt beyond Dromore—as far, perhaps, as that fas from Easky—and it was with difficulty that the neighbours, who came flocking in irhen the news went flitting up and down the treet, could control her. Those who stayed rith her through the night, and those who rent back homewards, had settled it, however, irfore morning dawned, that, though the onrney might be fearful and the chances few, twas better she should go and perish by the m', than stay at home to grieve, and craze, id die. There was not much preparation. Her •Ottage was sold ; her furniture distributed Wong her friends; the other passage paper jven to a woman in Dromore, who eagerly jasped the chance of going out to seek ier husband ; and Bridget Davanagh left Jasky and its graves for ever. The emijfant best knows the •weariness and hardtop of a steerage passage in a crowded % and this old and worn-out woman Endured them as a thousand others, old Did feeble, have done since then and bete, But the long voyage had an end some time; and in a day after the ship .was moored t New York wharves, the mother had found ier 6on. He had a cabin built and furnished deep in the wild gorge of a mountain, out of Aose sides the glittering anthracite was orn by hundreds of tons a-day ; and here ie took her to live and care for him. Not a ice around her that she ever saw before; ie dialect of their language so differing rem her own that she could only here and tare make out a word; Bernard himself up into a tall, stout, burly man, black with dust and reeking with soot and oil—she longed almost fiercely for her home by the green sea, and wished herself back again a 'tore of times a day. When her home sick- D «s wore off, as it slowly did, and she formed new acquaintances, and grew' famitor with the scenes around her —above all, she began to realise j,the comforts which the new world gave beypgd the old— she became reconciled to her strange life, and seemed almost herself again. Only when, now and then, her spite and hatred to the name of Herican broke out again did her mind reel with its fury; otherwise, she was more like Bridget Davanagh in her fearly days of second widowhood than she had been for Meanwhile, of Michael Herican. He had married Kitty Motan, as the Easky story said. It was on his part an act of sheer despair. Not that he did not love her. His passion had grown stronger and more absorbing every hour, and she well returned it. But it was no calm conclusion of his judgment that led him to unite his life with her's. It was more like the suicide of a felon who sees his fate before him, but would rather die by his own free act to-day, than anticipate inevitable death to-morrow. When the Widow Moran "went to her own place," her fortune fell to them. He opened a little shop, and for a while life, cheered by business, seemed more bearable; but misfortune followed him, and, by one loss and another, both his credit and bis stock were sacrificed. Honest to the last 'farthing, he stripped himself of everything to pay his debts, and turned himself and his young wife, to whom privation had ever been a stranger, into the streets—to work, or beg, or starve. Then, for a time, he went to sea; but the lone hours of watchful idleness upon the deep gave him too many opportunities for recollection, and he could not endure it. As a common hireling he worked about the docks, and earned by this chance toil a meagre pittance for the bare necessities of life. But he could not settle permanently to anything. Of good abilities, with strong arms and a willing heart, it was this mental burden only which unmanned him, and this pursued him, everywhere and always, like an avenging ghost. Then he began to wander. From Sligo they went to Ballina, and thence to Galway, and thence to Dublin, living awhile in each, but evermore a restless, wavering, aimless man. His poor wife suffered fearfully. Deprived of all the comforts she had ever known, and cut down sometimes to a mere apology for food and clothing, she rued the day when she was born; but she never blamed her husband. Through all she clung to him faithfully; and when she found herself, at last, in the lowest portion of the capital, and living amongst those whose touch in other days would have been infection, however eke she murmured, it was never against him. They stayed in Dublin for a year and more. A child was born there, but it soon died from exposure and insufficient food, and this made the mother's heart uneasy, and she longed to move. A berth fell in his way on board a homeward bound Canadian timber-ship, and he agreed to go. He also paid the passage of his wife with labour; and, in due time, their weary feet were standing on the shores.of a new r world, ready for other journeys and, perhaps, better paths. But it did not so eventuate. He was the same man still, though under other skies, There was a doom upon him. His family grew on his hands and opened in bis heart new chambers of affection, but they could give no ballast to his brain. He could not anchor anywhere. The weird ship that sails up and down Antartic seas in an eternal voyage is no more harbourless than was he. He fought the forest axe in hand, and smote, down many pillars of the olden fane. He toiled on board the river-craft that drift to and fro upon the broad St. Lawrence. He was a stevedore in Quebec, a labourer in Montreal. So he worked on from one town to another, fretting away his own existence wearing out the health aud strength of his devoted wife, until he reached the "States," and by some mysterious fatality, came into the very village where Bernard Davanagh and his mother lived. Here he found work congenial to his taste. The dark gloom of the long tunnels underground, the ghastly lamps, and, more than all, the exciting danger of the labour, kept his mind on the stretch and drowned his memory more effectually than it had ever been before. He did not know the nearness of Mary Carrol's mother. He would as soon have dreamed of meeting his dead children in the street as her, and bis work late and early kept him out of sight, so that , they did not hear of him. But it happened on one Sunday morning, as he went to Mass in the great,town two miles away, that he heard the name of "Bernard " called by some one in the throng. He looked anxiously around him, and had no difficulty in recognised' in the features of, the man addressed the son of the' detested Bernard Davanagh of his youth. Had he not known the contrary, he might have thought it that very father stepped out of his grave. The recognition was not mutual; but the unquiet heart of Michael Herican recked little of the Sacrifice that day, for thinking where this new . phase of his life would end. He feared no bodily injury. He bad not lost his animal ceurage by his sufferings. But he felt like Orestes at the banquet, when he dispels with Wine the knowledge of the ever-present Furies, and then suddenly beholds ,the gorgon face pressed closely up to his. He_ saw in this an omen that, go where he would, the wrongs of Mary Carrol must live on outside ; him. as they did within. „ How Bridget Davanagh and her son became aware that Michael Herican and his family were near them, it. is of little consequence to kaow. When they did find it out, however, it was an evil greater in its results to them than to their enemy. Bernard " had warmly espoused his mother's hatred, and added to it the natural fiercepess of his own disposition. The discovery of her child's betrayer, and an occasional glimpse of him as he went by, revived all the' old woman's vengefulhess,.and aggravated it beyond con trol. If Kathleen. Herican had known all this, sick of her wandering life as she might be, she would not have stayed near them for a single hour; But she did not know it. Bernard and Bridget she had never seen in Easky, and Michael never told her they were here. Thus she, at least, lived on unconsciously, while Vengeance sharpened its relentless sword for retribution, and hung it by an ever-weakening hair oyer the head of him she loved most of all. • Up to the morning of the fatal day no word or sign had passed between Michael Herican and either of the Davanaghs. But as he went by to his work that morninqr. they both stood in their cabin-door. The old woman could not resist the impulse to curse him as he passed her, and Bernard was as ready with his malison as she. Michael turged up the path that led towards them, and tried to speak in friendliness, but they would not hear him. At last, exasperated by their violence and . abuse, he told the mother she was mad—mad as her daughter had been before her. It was a cruel word for him to speak, cruel for them to hear; but he did hot mean it. It smote upon him as he hurried off to his work; and the image of the dead Mary came back and upbraided him many times that day. He left his work early and went home. There was a strange look in his eye, which made the timid heart of Kathleen beat faster when she saw it, and he was more than usually kind and tender to her and his child. His half-eaten supper over, he took his woodman's basket, and went out to gather fagots for the morning's fire. On his way home with others who had been on the „„ i,„ . , v tu -n like errand, as he came opposite the Davanagh cottage, the mother and the son came ojit and rushed upon him. One struck him with a stone, and felled him . to the earth ; the other smote him with an axe, and cleft his skull. It was all over in an instant. Not a word was said. The horror-stricken neighbours stood aghast a moment. When they came to their senses Bernard Davanagh was climbing up the mountain on the farther side of the ravine, and Bridget Davanagh, with bolted doors, kept ward in her devoted house alone, i They would have lifted Michael Herican from the roadside where he lay, but he was dead. The red blood oozed out of the gaping wound. It trickled on in narrow streamlets down tbe path; it clotted on the feet of men and women who came to gaze upon the mangled corpse; it stained the hands, and face, and garments of his wife and baby as they lay sobbing and shrieking on his pulseless breast; it dried up in the purple sunlight of the dying day, and soaked away into the dust and ashes of the trampled street. I have little else to tell. The circumstances of the story, as I heard them piece by piece, left on my mind an impression which would not let me stand by and do nothing. I was satisfied that, if not absolutely crazed, the murderess had acted in: a moment of exceeding passion, no doubt resulting from the rankling :words her victim spoke to her on the morning of that day: and, in her unsettled state of mind, the ordinary presumptions of the law that passion cannot last were not reliable. It seemed unjust to me that she should suffer the highest penalty known to our law, when probably her guilt was actually less than that of hundreds whom a few. years in the : state-prison give their due. I therefore "drew ,up a petition, which the presiding judge and nearly all. of the convicting jury signed, praying a commutation of her sentence , to imprisonment for life. The prayer was granted; and Bridget Davanagh lives, and will die, an inmate of the Eastern Penitentiary of Pennsylvania. THE ALEXANDRA LIMP.—An English paper says:—"Alexander the Great, as history informs us, had a slight imperfection in the setting of his head, which .inclined a little to one side. His courtiers, therefore, felt it incumbent on them to affect awry necks, and did so accordingly. Alexandra, Princess of Wales, has unfortunately contracted a limp from rhenmatisih; and now, as we hear, the liege ladies of England have taken to limping too; and 'halt!' is the latest command given by fashion. That the ' Alexandra limp' will fmi its way hither ere long is a thing to be expected—indeed, it is stated to have already made its . appearance. The desired limp is obtained simply by wearing hoes with heels of imeijual height, and the eformity thus produced is no greater than that hich characterises the ^Grecian bend."'' A ecessaiy accompaniment of ti^e' 'Alexandra imp' will be a walking-cane, Which will be ery appropriate for the walking dolls that dopt-fee gait. 4 '' • THE' Calcutta Chamber of Commerce has reeived information that Mr. Cooper,the explorer, n his attempt to teach China fro'm .this, side, has een stopped at the Thibetan frontier and compelledtore't^to AWam. " 