\- ' ' ; . *?**''' -»- ' ? * . ' ? ' ? , THE STORY' OF SIX WEEKS. [FROM ' HAMPER'S SEW.' MONTHLY MAGAZINE. 1 [ 'I had' lived . my. life of ; twenty years in the cathedral town of .which my father, Doctor Dennet p-Doctor. of Music— was the renowned organist ; lived it quietly and1 uneventfully; when a change pariie ; that wrested my girlhood from me, and made me what I am now— a woman of the world. My. father was ; not only a renowned organist, music;' and ail author of 'considerable repute. The subjects on which ho chiefly exercised his pen were, connected ?with. tho; science;bf the, art he loyedjso well.. Hisi treatise on thorough bass and hiseB3ay!on harmony marked an epoch' m the musical'; literature of our country ; conse: quently his position' socially was very auperior to that which was ordinarily hold by. organists, however proficient, thirty yeara ago. Doctor' Denriet being what he was, I, his only daughter, Was early imbued with a great loving admiration for the litcrarypart of his profession-— an admira-, tibn that roused j the spirit of emulation which is too, . long to make something or somebody i' famous by my pen.' Though we were living a hundred miles from London, which was then, ai now, the;great centre i of literary and artistic life and activity, still we were held to be within reach by those who were giants in those days. As; a curly-headed; starry-eyed : little child I was accustomed to. ; bo patted on the hoact by the men whose names were , familiar as. household words' to, the great masses; of tho, cultivated British public.-. And as; a young girl - I was ' suffered; even encouraged, to throw myself into all the in tellectual discussions- which took, place at. our uuuoo vtxvix 1UVOJ.VOV auu OTiuiujfi '? xuo oUi.lUUlLUl' dementia seized me .at .'a very early aqe. But m'y crude, and immature efforts;. were wisely con demned to the flames by,my father, who spared no pains in ,, cultivating my taste and widening my understanding. I, was ;a* voracious and in- satiable reader, and- the limits, -he set to my range were aowide that I. never i transgressed them ; a courseLrecommend to every parent who values the integrity equally with the intellect of his child. The result of his method with me was that when,' at twenty, a - tale in one volume of mine was published, it was received with a consideration by the. critics that he, the most valued of thorn all, avowed to be no greater than its merits deserved. ? I was a very happy girl when I first felt myself authorised to write my imaginative ideas and make them public. . Here, I thought, was a fathomless weU of delight— a never-ending pano rama of blis3 sketched around me on all sides. ' Whatever eomes,' I; told myself, ' I shall always, have this to turn to if or comfort.' And this ; was very remunerative, too; for; girl as ... I was, I had touohed a chord in, people^ that thrilled i most :responsively. About ,this time, a friend of mine, some five years older than myself- who was suffering greatly in, body and mind, was ordered to a quiet yv est-oiriingiana watenng-piace Dy ner medica. attendant, ,r She was that most miserable of all women.a deserted,! unloved wife ; and about the time of which I- write: she had been compelled: by her own family to- institute legal proceedings against her husband with a view to obtaining a divorce. He had openly left her, and another Woman was living with him as his. wife; there fore my poor, unhappy friend, Mrs. Bellamy, had a strong case to go into couxt. with; andnaturaily won it. We; reached Dawlish the last' day of ,Juty, and took up our abode in quarters that had :been jSecured for us in , a .whitewashed' ; cottage villa that stood some way back from, the sea, on the bank of that; :trickling '.'Dawlish- water,' which'.^p exquisitely diyides. the two portions of ;one of the prettiest^placeson the coast of Devon.; And here, the; fpllowing'-( day, (wequito settled down comfortaf-lyrto our, ;.several occupations in ?opr^.respectiye sitting-rooms; : for my: father had counselled me neverto give uplthe boon of many ' hours' solitude, every day, for reading and: writ ing .purposes, while I could, secure, it. Behold us, then,. as, we were in those days at tho commence ment of the six weeks whose story I am about to tell, .Flora Bellamy, lying on the; sofa, with a newspaper in her hand (sbo could not concentrate her attennorion.anything of a less ephemeral na ture), in a loose 'white .wrapper trimmed with ribbons as , blue as her eyes ; a sweet, pale, Ma donna- faced wpinanj. with soft shining bands of nut-brown , hair brought low on her forehead ; with a form that tyas meant by nature to-be rounded and generously- full,; but that was now attenuated; by anxiety; arid suspense; a woman with' a, voice like a silver bell, and with amanner, that:was full of little subtle flatteries and caresses to those about her.; , Altogether a decided con trast to myself; I had inherited* from my mother, who died when I was a child, and who had been married and idolised for heralmost Cleopatra like beauty, a_ fiery ardor ;of purpose, which ex pressed itself in my physique. Though not abovo the middle height, falways gave people the im pression . that I , was tail, in consequence of the: way I had of holding myself very erect, and keep ing my head; rather thrown back. Tho bronze Brown: hair that had- 'been curly when L was a child, was only wavy now ; but it was long: and luxuriant,- and I woreitrolled in soft.coils round my head in a way that was unusual then, when leeohrlike curls, or braids brought down low on the cheek In a line subversive of all beauty, wero the fashion's that obtained. . My face was a small oval, ana 1 naa a clear, glowing, almost olive complexion, that gaycinoa southernlook; which was intensified by- eyes of so dark a violet that they were often mistaken for black. ;,?..? , ; I was very busy , iii -my own room the morning after our, arrival at Dawlish, when I heard Flora's voicb feobly calling, mo. by name : 'Frauces, Frances, here's' a - surprise !'' I twent into her at once,, and she handed the Dawlish 'Gazette to ine.,' Look, among /the arrivals, at the Royal Hotel,' she said, 'and ypa will see the names of Mr.' and Mrs. Winstanloy, from the Isle of Wight. ? They're iny uncle and aunt.' , 'jIsupposO;you are glad,' I said, half discontentedly. '? For my part, I'm sorry ; .they'll break up ourquiot.?' oho smiled at iny impatience. 'When they know what.your employmenta are they won't dis turb them,' she said. , Then she wont on, sadly,: ' Poor things ; ours will be a sad meoting, for it was at their house I met Captain Bellamy, and from their house that I married him. . We haveu't met, since iny , misfortunes, ' . , ; Then she shed a few tears, and I kissed her, and pitied her, and went back to my Btory in hand, to pen a sentence eloquent in ita indignation against man's heart lessnesa. Unconsciously I was working some of the facts ot my friend's case, or. rather, some of the fancies 1 had about it, into fiction. ; My name waa bocoming known as a contributor : to one or two of tho leading periodicals of that aay ; ana wnoni. wont into luucneon j. was in nign spirits, for I had just finished and posted a story into which I had thrown all my young nerve and vigor. 'How happy it makes you, Frances,' Flora said, half enviously ; 'you will always be able to ahako off trouble, evcu if it comes upon you. What puzzles me is, how you can write love stories when you havo hud no lovo oxperi ences; at least, I don't know of your having had any ; havo you V ' Nono,' I Bmd, shaking my head, and laughing and blushing at having to make a confession of being unwooedaa woll as onwoo. 'I suppose/ as'you have fiaifiiod your tale of brioks f or the, day, you won't mind going with mo to call on the Wuistanleys this, after nobn, will you, dear '?';' 'Ishallbe delighted,'I said ; and accordingly ,' we went. ''.?,' j The: meeting between the uncle and. aunt and jtheir poor deserted young niece, was aheartrend- , ing one. They were ..oldl,' people;, and great , grief, when expressed by old people whose feel-, ing's, ought not to. be harrowed- jup, isa very sad, thuiig to witness. ' . They evidently . loved, her a3- a ; daughter, and smai'ted/as.parents niighfc, at the,, slighte and injuries' ,s.he,; had.1 receiyed. .,Ijleft, lp.m nilono for a short tiino. ami wenfc'rini'fnr'ri.'. w'allc on the sands by myself.' Lured -on nowby a,, piece of sed:-vecd, r no w , by a crested , wave;, now^ jy a swooping . gull, ai-d, generally, by the ex treme beauty of the 'day, aha' scenery, I found my-V, self at length close to'; Teignmo'uth, j,atidj;yery tired. , -Taking biit my \yatch. I, found that I, could not possibly' get back.tb Da,wlish bybiir cjipnbrT : hour, seven; o'clock ; arid being hungry, and ac customed to acK for. my self, 'I- went into, a pastryr ,'; cook's, ,qn tho Dfea, ' ahcl ordered a, plate of ? cold ? cmcken ancinam ana, a glass ot who, ./ . .. , \ Whilo I was eating; it', and laughing to mysolf :, over the unorthodox nature of my repast and' of, ihe state of consternation that Flora would be'in, a gentleman' sauntered'into'the shop' and called for sherry and 'soda- water.; Yes?; hehaa'come it was inevitable that ' he' must appear sooner . or later. He was a young, handsome, fair.; man^ \--bronzedji apparently, by a foreign t climate, but with .crispy^ blonde hair, aud large, I light-Hue eyes. -Herwas fashionably. dressediiii 4-,moi-ning costume, -tind' struck n me. altogether, as being of better style than any 'one else I had seen: down here.: I knew- thait both Dawlish and Teighmoiilh were full of visitors,- and adjudged him at once to be one of these latter, and not a son of the soil. ? I Presently I had to pay-for my refreshment. ? cease from my speculations respecting him/ ana start on my homeward walk.;. I caught a glimpse of myself , in a large pier glass as ? I walked but of the shop, and I blushed a gratified blush at per ceiving how yery prettyl was looking.. : Aspiring authoress as I was I was alway-3 quite alive to tha claims of the toilet, and, to-day my brown holland dress and: jacket,, thickly braided with white,; and my little : cavalier - hat and feather, wero particularly Decomingto me. : ^jn.jb. — - i.was- very much given in thpse.days to 'making, myself the ground- work, ,as;it werej .of every heroine, until ; my readers must have been1 rather tired of my bronze-brown hair, and vivacious expression.) That parting glance sent mo out: on my home-: ward walk with a -.brighter,; red in my.rcheeks, ! and a quicker throb.at my heart, and a greater spirit of conjecture rifeiin me as to' whether that man had thought as well of me as -I had thought of him. . , ? . . . ? ii i Glancing back once asil ,was pausing to lookat the gallant 'white horses' that were coming rolling in, I. saw thathe .was behind me, walking along leisurely, oblmous.of.-me in a well-bred manner, as, if wo had. been in Regent-street; S.Q passed me 'presently,; walking with a slinging stride that, snowed off his .fine1 athletic figure ad niirably. .1 began ..to wonder; about him. Who; andiwhat.waa he ? Hadjhe a wife, or a love,.or was he fancy' free yet 'i-vWhat had brought him to x/awiisa f . ior, jib iuujusu. :aii peneut ueaii/a^ very far-ifrom needing ;:tbe; restorative of sea-air. Above all, was I seeing the last of him now as he, turned/the corner of that jutting rock and passed out of sight ????? ????? ; ?! ??? ?:?-,?. ??''??!??' ? ?? .???:..???.?;???? ' It was 'nearly, half-past eight when I reached home, and Flora was,. .as-ilihad anticipated, in despair. ' I;made sureiyou had got on that sea wall and fallen into the liwater.. Never do it, Frances.: I have been in an agony, and have begun a hundred letters to. your father in imagi nation, telling him of your, accident.' Then she forgave me, and I told her ' my adventure,' as I termed it; already.-^ ; .:';.' :;.' i- . ,-? ?'??:.'?.-? ?.'.' I noticed that the interest' she; took in my re cital iWasofaiVorytflaccidorder, and when L had concluded she explained whyit was bo by saying : ';I have hardly heard alwordy dear ; :I have been thinking so much (about the Winstanleys.' ''lAre.thoso old people alone?1' I asked. ' '-Nbl; their son is with them for.six we'ek.. ; . Such a dear fellow he is, or used to be,, when I knew him. He's a clerk: in' Llthe ; Treasiiry/ v i i 'Did you see him to day aftef I left;?' ?* ??:?!??, No ; he was out;'' Then she leaned back and closed her eyes, and appeared to go to sleep ; andlquietly went offtb read f or a couplo Of hours.-, i- ? . '??'. , ?'. ??._?.?? ? , ; I was' engaged at that time' in a course of read-' ing l which interested mo deeply.; ? namely, . the biographies and principal works of : the dramatists: of the; seventeenth -century, fl with' a view to writing a series of essays on them. ? I meant this; in hn mv^ rip.Tt lif-.nrarv wnrlr: nnrl; w/is bnnflinf? rev .mind very'earnestly to the task that was really a labor of lovo; tome;1 and eomy 'two hours' prolonged- themselves ?far into the night. ????'? When ? I rose up ait last,' wearied 'and- heated, to go to bod, I:opened the window and: leanedout for1 a minute or two to refresh myself, and %ero,just opposite to our house, smoking a cigar, and ap parently watching Dawlish-water as it trickled , by, was the gentleman I had seen that afternoon. The natural, frivolous, girlish thought that came' into my mind at once was:- ?'? He noticed me more than I thought ; h« has been watching me while I have been reading.' In;auother moment' I had softly closed the window,' drawri the cur tains, and crept up to bed. : ; J ??' ? ; ' Tho next day I was 'introduced to him, as Mr. Augustus Winstanley, and the romanco of my life began. ' Itcamoto.passthat ho was with us a great, deal, for he was Flora's first-cou∈, and soino difiiculties intervened ' in the way of our meeting. ' He had that gbntle, deferential ; manner whicji is so winning towomon; and he contrastca viviuiy witn tne men i naa unown previously, who had been men of learnin' and of letters, and not men of 'fashion.' My .fever of first love was soon at its height. Frequently he . was my sole companion, for Flora was tod weak to sit out updri the sands for hours as we.did ; arid then I would be steeped in a delicious stupor, from \y hich I would rouse myself with a start to re member that, I was passing another idle day, and that my knowledge of the dramatists of the seventeenth ,'centnry was hot deepening. . I could' not' concentrate niy thoughts or attention on any-^ thing but'hiui. My ^oks and ' pori \yere alilio neglected. J-feltthat all my fornier. pictures of, love had been1 ompty'arid expressionless, ho more jilcp tho real thing than I was like niy former self. I arose from- dreams of him to long to see him so fervently' ,that I'could not eat iny break fast. I was wildly' impatient for our' morning .walk; that wo ' might meet him * that I might hear the sound of his voice, and feel the touch \of his hand for' one moment.-' When 'Flora would say, ' Frances beara the interruptions that I have brought upon her so much potter than I thought shewpuld, Gus,' . I 'used to feel my face burn with the thought that he was' reading my feelings, and knew the reason why_ Ibo're them so ' well, and appreciated it.' In vain I struggled against the infatuation. It grow upon mb ; nnd when at tho end of a fortnight ho was called to town for a few days, the world seemed to have liven duving theso few days of his absence I could not resumo tho avocations in which I had but the othor day delighted. I gauged all things by his taste now, and with all his.delkato atten tions to mo he had never shown any interest in my literary oflbrts. Indeed tho night beforo ho left, whou we had all boon down on the beach to gether, ho had taken my hand that was covered with sand and spa-weod, and said : 'I would rathor see this bit of a hand .in this state than, with one spot of ink on it.' 'But I never ink ray fingers, I had expostulated.. 'Don't. you?. I thought authoiestea always'* did';' inkfid their fingers and wore dowdy . dresses, and were gene rally regardless of their personal. appearance,' ho said, laughingly.; ' Ah, vanity is not extinct }n me,1' I said, gaily ; but. gayly as I spoke I felt apapg thathe should, even, jestingly, suppose that I should grow, dowdy and unattractive. : It was of no use ! I could not write or , read,, or think of anything save him. , -His absenco gave, inonomore time, than had been my portion while ho was at Dawlish! 'That unruly palpitation of . the heart which made.life seem, one throb to, me now! .effectually _' prevented my ''inking' my fingers' : or doing anything else that 'involved meutal labor. In vain my father; -wrote to me; and besought me to . ' report progress. ' In vain; he and.other bld'friencls of mine sent me tempt-, ing packages ofbboks, fresh from the binder's hands. I could Only think of iny lbve, and as, I could neither read /nor write of it, I ; would' not ruiiu. nvi -vrxLvui uu^ui- mac. I What chivalric, feminine, feeble:plans I made in.those days' to be sure !? I was going to work in secret (when I could command time and my own feelingB)' until I made myself famous, and then. I was !going (figuratively) : to lay that fame at his' feeti I -resolved, to deck myself in the Brighte'stand most attractive garbs of the period, riot, out of vanity, but out of my intense desiro to aippear fair in Mb eyes. He was not a rich man. — he had told me this in the course of conversed tion about nothing particular on more than one ebcasion himself ; I would work for him ! ' He was in no haste to marry,' I had heard his mother say ; I would wait for him. Meanwhile I dreamed and idled away my time, and became captious in my demeanor towards Flora. , ' You're a little humbug, like the majority of girls, after all, Frances, she would say to me. ' You profess to he earnest and busy and ab ; Borbed in your books and literary pursuits when you're with , people with whom Buch professions take, but directly you get away from them you're as absolutely idle as mindless me; much you have, got up about tho dramatists of the seven teenth century tince you have been here, for in stance 1' ' I must have time to digest what I have read before I begin writing about it—even, vou will allow that, 'I retorted. ' The process of digestion is a rather long one,' she said, dryly. ' Howeyfer, all I can'hope is that your fit of mas tviij jLiuujULViv,y v iiL. uu3u — -it» gives mg iuuiv ux your companionship.' '? , .. The day after this conversation he came baok to ? Dawlish, and', the old habits ! were resumed.. Flora, seemed to me,;to give way daily more and move to the languor under which she was laboring, and Mr. Winstanley and I were thus thrown, more and more together without the saving pres- ence, ofT a third. ' How much longer are you, going to remain at Dawlish ?' he asked me one evening when he had persuaded , me to step out through the French window of Mrs. Bellamy's sitting-room and walk up and down in front of the house, while Flora tried to recruit her strength by a sleep on the sofa. 'How much longer? Oh, three week I believe,' I said. : | He paused, and, by the light , of the moon, made an entry in his note-book. Then be laughed and rejoined me, and I asked him what he was , taking notes about. .'Before you leave Dawlish, I am going to take a most important step— the most important a man can take. I think,' he replied.- Arid then he offered me his arm, and as I laidiby hanc, .upon it he said, ' I registered a vow' to take this step under the purest light that can shine upon the world ; that ought to be a good omen, ought it not 1 Tell me you. little romancist.' ? '?..??? ; ;It trembled in every limb, but I steadied my tongue to sayi ' I think so ;' and sood after that, with my heart full of happiness, we went in to tea, ana by-and by Flora roused herself and sang to us, and I sat in the shade of the window curtains arid thought how. I loved him 1- how I loved hiin 1 arid how worthless everything else in the world was compared to that, loye/ jTho, next day my father senime '.a , copy ;o£ a new, work by a lady who justly, ranked highly in 'the literary world. We all read the book with 'interest',1 and it pained and surprised me to; hear, him presently speak of it with an expres-; sion of strong . difetaste. ' Thank the Lord she isn't my wife 1' ho said, ? '' \^ould you not be proud I Oh, you would be proud of her I' I ejaculated, impetuously, while .Flora laughed. 'Not a bit of it. ';Tm of the. opinion of the old' fellow in 'The Last of the Barons,' who: says it's enough for a gentlewoman ts know how ' to spin and bo virtuous.' You. say this book has bejen ' well received.' Heavens and earth 1 I; should go mad to read even favorable remarks made by cads'of the press about my wifo ; such, 'fame' would be infamy to me.' ... , ? ?Ho, spoke very strongly . and earnestly, and I abjured litcraturG at once. The following day I wrote and told my father that, 'on Jturther consideration, I . did not deem myself competent toi undertake the task of critically reviewing the lives and writings of the dramatists- of the seventeenth ccntury_ ;' and then I went oh to add, in a; very priggish way, that, 'I thought a woman should never strive to shine out or her own domestic sphere.' My cheeks burned as I reflected on what would probably be ,my father^ facial and: verbal expression, as ho read this twaddle ; but they paled directly afterwards with the delicious pallor of love as I thought of how, perfectly and entirely Mr. Winstanley would agree, with my sentiments. I could fill three volumes easily with a history of the thoughts and emotions that went to the making up of tho sum of the days_ of tho remain ing three weeks. But I find it difficult to indi cate much less to fully express them, within the limits of a short story in one chapter. Probably that I am restricted to these limits isa boon and a blessing to my readers, to whom the subtle analysis of a ybuug girl's heart might hot be an attractive thing. ? , However that may be, the onus is upon mo' of doing tho bestl can for and with my materials and the space they may occupy. My heart thrilled asittook in and appreciated the perfect approbatiop with which the old Win stanleys regarded our intimacy. I could not be blind to their palpable, observance of all that was going on. They joked me delicately and mildly abpiit the hardship it would be to 'Gus,' as they all called him, to return tohisoflicial duties. They bade, lhe.arrange our little daily schemes of pleasure with, him. They presupposed my in terest in. all that concerned him— in the property ? that would be his, the fainily connections, the prospects of promotion. In short, they identified me with him completely. And still Flora made nomgri of seeing anything or suspecting anything. I lived a lifetime in those few weeks. ; He revo lutionised all my ideas, and reorganised them, without seeming to trouble himself much. He taught me to think lightly of thesb I had' hitherto revered or admired: taught me to think lightly of them, not by abusing them, or even laughinsr at them, but simply by letting me understand thathe had never neard of them ; that they veie not in his world ; that they were outside and utterly beyond the pale of bis sympathies. would aak, in ncconta of most Bublimo indiffcr enco. ' They novor go any where. I don't meet them.' When he would say that I, weak woman that I was, would blush for my former friends— for the men who could not peryado tho pitiful haunts of fashion, not for Mr. Winstanloy. How did ho obtain this influence over me ? I was infinitely cleverer than ho was ; and I knew, at tho time that I was most abject to him, that I was tho cleverer of the two. And yet, for all this knowledge, he had the power over me of putting mo down or liftiDg me xip just as he listed. I loved him, and bolioved that he would make mo happy by-and/by when I should be wholly his, 'though he did not make mo happy now. Fond, futile, foolish belief, born of that besotted credulity which submerges the intellect of the clevereBt woman when once love . gaps her strength ! ' I think one .of his charms to me was his in yincible good temper. Nothing fretted him. He , ?jvas never peevisn and irritable about trifles ; . ai\d there was a great charm to mo in this, for I had frequently winced under ? a sense of incon gruity when. I had witnessed a fit of petulance in , some.man whose strengthen some given. subject was the strength of ten, Gfus Winstanley's I good tenper was proverbial. Inferiors, servants, satellites of all. kinds adored him. He had the winning word and, the.winning way. ?_ Little ,- children worshipped him, and pestered him with their little attentions ; and M. seemed to me so ; grand a thing on hispart to be so condescending that I followed the example of the little children as far as worshipping him too went. I One night— the night before his six weeks' leave of absence from the Treasury expired — he came in just as we wero about to sit down to dinner, with some message from hiB mother— . some message which involved the necessity. - of Flora going over to her aunt and giving a , verbal reply. Mrs. Bellamy made a. little face, expressive of dissatisfaction at this necessity ; . but at last gave way to it affably, saving that if he would stay and dine with- us, and escort her to his mother afterward, she would go without , a murmur. And when he agreed, she said : ' And while I am with aunt, you must come back and take care of Frances, Gus. ' And as he acquiesced in this arrangement, I felt that my fate would bo sealed that night. What a dinner that was! The viands and wino were food and ? nectar fit for the gods, I felt. It came to an end ait last — -not a bit too Boon for me, though, for I was longing for Flora to go away, and for her cousin to come back and tell me the story of hia love. I had a strong presentiment that I should hear it that night ; and I did hear it. They made a charming picture when they stood in the lamp lighted room just for a moment previous to going away. Flora had thrown a black lace mantilla over her head, and her fair beauty shone out from its folds like a roso. He stood by her trying . to help her adjust it. Such a fine, stalwart, splendid-looking yonng , Englishman! My heart beat with pride as I looked at him, and I. felt how inferior all the literary triumphs I had once hoped to gain were to the hope I now had that he was going to crown me with the avowal of his love. I watched them from the window as they went away from the house-^-Flora, with her always faltering steps, resting and steadying hersolf on his arm. 'She will be mv cousin soon,' . I thought, affection ately ; and I was glad that she was bo lovely, in order that I might feel that he had deemed my ? ' charms superior to hers ; for was she not free to bo , ? chosen ana wooed now ? ; He came back in about twenty minutes, look ing agitated, and he joined me at the window at once. ' Tell my fortune by the stars,' he Baid, abruptly ; 'tell me ; shall I be fortunate in all I ' aria, going to seek to-night ? I should like you to be the sybil to prophesy good fortune for me.' ':If I were you 1 should nave no doubt, no fear, no misgiving,' I said, trying to laugh as I looked up at' the shining worlds above us, and pre tended to humor his fancy. Then I 'turned away and seated myself; at a little distance, for h e Tvas nothing to me yet, while to my heart he was everything. 'Sing to me, will you, Miss Denneti sing that 'Message' of Blumenthal's, - or the 'Beloved Eye, beloved' Star,' that I heard you singing like an angel the other night,' he said, following me, and compelling me to meet ' his eyes. 'It was Flora you heard sing that,' I stuttered. 'Don't make me sing, Mr. Win- ' Stanley ; don't ask me to sing,' I went on plead- . : ing.' ?' 'Then talk to me !' he exclaimed. ' For : God's sake don't let me stand still and think !' Startled and frightened by I knew not what, with all my faculties strung up to tho uttermost ' , : by hope and love and expectation, and yet with ? a dull, deadening possibility of despair and dis appointment hanging over me, I still Btrove to ' obey him. I tried to talk, but I could not. My mind and my tongue both' refused to act ; and ; atlength both of us went to the window again, ?' arid 'stood there looking out, steeped in silence. Was he mad? Was I a, fool ? Had ho played '' with me? Had I deceived myself? I asked '', myself these and a hundred other kindred ques- : tions as I stood there during the awful ten '-' minutos that ensued. Then he spoke. _ 'Have I been here with you: half an hour, Miss Den net?' he asked quickly.' I shook my head. ' Heaven be merciful, how ! the time lags !' he muttered. 'I have permis sion to go for her to hear my sentence m halt an hour from the time of my coming back herel' : Then he commenced walking up and down the room, and I stood still in dumb despair. Presently he came up to me. 'You have always been my friend ; always aided me in seo- ' ing her, for of course you saw — ' I interrupted him with an ejaculation : ' Oh, Mr. Winstanley, ? don't say I have done anything — please don't ! ' ' You have only done what all good women do ' - at some time in their lives,' ho said, looking ; impatiently down in the direction where his mother lived. ' You have helped on a true lovo affair ; I can't stand this any longer.' Then he seized his hat and rushed out of the house, and I was left alone to ponder over his words, and to make what I could out of them and his actions. What true love affair ? Whose true love affair had I 'helped on?' My own? No, not my own, not my own ! I realised this in a mo mentary burst of such agony as I never can feel again ; because, you seo, this was tho vaking from roy first, my freshest love-dream. Then I Bat down in a deep lethargy of pain, to wait for what wonld come next ; and to remember how L shamefully, how vainly, I had wasted my pre cious hours of youth and health and strength : at Dawlish. ' I will finish the story ; I will tell out the tale of my disappointment and mistake, and their ? mutual love and happiness. They came back by-and-by. His mother— her aunt — had not added her solicitations to her son's in vain. They came baok together, happy, betrothed, to tell me that he had loved Hora before she ; became Mrs. Bellamy, and that her divorce had been the signal for nim to attempt to rehabili- ' tate his happiness. She had had scruples for a longtime. Especially had she deemed itprob- ' able that her aunt would not approve of such a marriage with her son. But the aunt had ban ished all these scruples during that long inter- ? view they two had had this night. And they were engaged, and very happy now. He went back to the town the next day, ra diant, better tempered, and more agreeable than ever. I staid with Flora till her health was quite restored, and I then wont back to my home. It was a long time before I took an interest in any of my [old pursuits. The ghost of that feverishly happy time at Dawlish would rise up : and mock me bo cruelly. But our best friend Time has brought me to fool that I may do Bomo good in my generation still, though it will not be as a wife ; which is a conclusion I should havo deemed it a very sad thing to coino to beforo those six weeks at Dawlish. 