THEATRE ROYAL. On Thursday evening the "Corsican Brothers" was played at the Theatie Royal, Mr. Bandmann taking the part of the twin brothers. The interest of this play depends mainly upon the supernatural element; and the unearthly scenes were admirably presented. The spectral appearance of the murdered Cor sican was manage! with great skill, and was a perfect triumph of mechanical illusion, and nothing could well be mere lifelike than the tableau of the duel on a wintry day among tbe leafless and snaw laden trees of a wild forest, Mr. Bandmann portrayed with great art the sentiments of affection animating the brothers towards each other, the chivalry and gene rosity common to both, and the strange fatalism that guided their conduct and gave so melancholy a hue to their existence. Their love forEmilie appears in the drama only in recital, which was given with much natural earnestness, while the manner in which the tender passion was subordinated to conscience, to friendship, and to an unselfish regard for the welfare of the object of attachment, was finely rendered. The bearing of the Frauchis when confronting the villain of the plot, the death scene of Louis, and the triumphant avenging combat of the other, were excellently repre sented. There are many other scenes, how ever, that materially assist to give interest to this drama, and relieve its more sombre features, and the success with which these are produced most depend very much upon tbe artistes assisting the leading characters. The opening scene was quietly given, and the arbitration between the Corsican families at feud not so pleasantly elaborated as we have seen it. The bal masque was well represented, but in the following scene \ there was a lack of upholstery and decorative effect. Mr. Appleton as the villain old notlook sufficiently the character, and his most vicious sentiments were sometimes delivered with an in tonation andamanner more becoming expressions of a diametrically opposite character. How ever, Messrs. Appleton and Humphries did not look out of place in the society in which they were supposed to be moving; and this is more than we can venture to say of the other Parisians. Miss Edouin did justice to the part of Emilie de Lesparre, and Mrs. Stoneham was sufficiently motherly as Madame Savilia dei Franchi. Miss Florence Norman appeared to advantage as Marie, the domestic Miss Eleanor Carey looked bewitching as Celestine, but there was a want of easy vivacity about the ladies of the ballet. Where it was necessary the two Corsican Brothers should appear at the same time, the part of the double was taken by an amateur, who made a great hit in bis part. Whether appearing as the live Franchi or the ghost of his brother, he sustained the illusion completely in appearance, while his voice was a. perfect imitation of Mr. BandmannV. The perform ance was much applauded, and at the close Mr. Bandmann came before the curtain in acknow ledgment of a hearty calL The fourth act of " Romeo and Juliet" followed, and was greatly enjoyed, Mrs. Bandmann impersonating Juliet. There was a fair house, especially considering the weather, and His Excellency Sir James, Lady Edith, and Miss Fergusson, and suite, occupied the vice-regal box. To-night Mr. Bandmann's benefit will take place, the piece chosen being the " Lady of Lyons," in which he will appear aa Claude Melnotte, -while Mrs. Bandmann will tak2 the part of Pauline, and there can be little doubt that Lord Lytton's great play will be produced to a bumper house. The comedy of "' Only an Actor" "rill follow, Mr. Bandmann also appearing in the leading character. 