„\ McplOglve i If there^s one thin], •hitherto 'confided,'it 3is T *| lowed to liie about any"™ a drawer or a cupbpa^| "ppcfeet- A general ^ani caused in .many a given in the Pliarmac •. recently befell a ladyjfp; prescribed ttventy- foarpMIIjleach iJontaimng two grains of the oxide if Silver, a twentyfourth of a grain .of muriate - of morptna, and a ." sufficiency" of extract; of gentian ; the pills being coated with silver .in the usual manner. The pills, it is. stated, were delivered to the patient in: an- ordinary pillbox, , . but the lady being in her nursery/ , and n^" 1 ? no pocket in her dress, placed the box in her bosom, probably next the skin. Little did this unfortunate lady know the deadly peril which awaited her. In three-quarters of ail hour a severe explosion occurred j her under-clothes were reduced to tinder, she was seriously burned, and, but that she had the presence of mind to extinguish the flame with her hands,, would probably have been destroyed. Oxide of silver being reduced by contact with vegetable, extracts is, it seems, in the habit of exploding. It is really as well people should be made aware of the danger they run, in order that they may have magazines for pill-boxes attached to their dwellings. We should also be glad to know if pills of this nature are liable to explode after they are swallowed. No information is given on this point, which is of some little' •importance; but the Lancet, for our consolation, under the head of " Things not Generally Known," says that a similar occurrence has been known in compounding thefxtract of colocynth with the oxide of silver, and that with creosote or oil of cloves this salt is reduced to the metallic state with the production of heat, amounting often to an explosion. In fact, there are some pills which are nothing more or less than infernal machines, and peoplei with volcanic temperaments and undermined constitutions, for wh»m they are prescribed, should be careful to take them in secluded spots, where no one but themselves can be injured in the event of an explosion. Alive in the Dead-house.— The San Francisco Alta California gives an account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was immediately removed and placed in the dead-house attached to the hospital in which ho had been under treatment:—"The body was deposited in a case where two other bodies had already been placed, and between them. The cover was put on, and the keeper of the dead-house - retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character waB'heard in the dead-house. The keeper of the deadhouse was sought after, but, bein^ aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let the ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the deadhouse and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had been a few hours previously announced extinct, and who had been dressed in the Tobes of the dead, stood before him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through the long halls and corridors of the building, spreading dismay and terror as he went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, but the next instant thejjoor German fell.on the fioor in a fit. The physician was' sent for, and restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness- How he felt "when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himself:—" Veil, ven I got sick and vas in bed dat day, de doctor came to me and said I was very sick. He vent away, and after he vent I fell asleep. I knew noting more till I voke io de night, and dere was no light. I put out my hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vos cold. I den put my hand to vone side to try for de bedclothes, and, oeh, vat you think I got— vy a ded man! Dere he vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all de power I had, and vas going away by de oder side, ven, sure, I put my hand on alioder. Den I roared, aud called, and cried out all I could, and ven I vas getting up my head Btruck a board dat vas covering me. " Oh," said I, " vot does dis mean, vere ami? Am I ded T 1 and I roared and bawied, and threw off the cover and jumped about as if I vas mad. And I knocked at de door vid my hands and feet, but nobody would open it for me, and I dought I vos ded myself, I vas not ebure. I had the ded man's dress on me. At laBt de door opened, and ven I looked at de man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, and I ran till I vas caught. Den I fainted, and ven I come to myself I dought it was a dream. But it is as true as I am here." The Tentevfleld and Glen Lines Times, of Saturday last has the following paragraphs:—We are informed on undoubted authority that Mr. Irby, of Bolivia, has instructed his solicitor to at once take proceedings against the Rev. C. G. Robinson, for an alleged defamatory libel published by the rev. gentleman from the pulpit and in certain letters in the S. M. Herald, and published extracts from a sermon. The action will probably be tried at the next Armidale Circuit Court.—In connection with this subject, we notice that the large body of churchmen opposed to Mr. Robinson's teaching are about making arrangements to obtain the services of an authorised clergyman of tho Church of England here, and we believe itis intended to invite the Rev. Mr. Manning, formerly Wesleyan Minister at Tenterfield, and now a clergyman of the Church of England, to accept the appointment. Mr. Irby has intimated that he will guarantee £100 per annum from Bolivia towards the stipend. A Dat'b Wob-k.—A novel case has occurred in the Glasgow Small Debts' Court, in which the number of hours necessaiy to constitute " a day's work" was the point in dispute. The employer contended.(bat the workman having commenced work at midday and stopped at six o'clock, he was bound to work the next day till midday before he could claim the day's work. The Sheriff, however, repelled this plea on the ground that the man having been allowed to commence at midday, had worked till the closing hour, and thus completed his day's work. A Monument to King Robert the Bruce is to be erected on the field of Bannock burn.' An influential committee has been formed : iu London and in Scotland. The committee arc obtaining a design from tbe veteran artist, Mr. George Cruikshank. 