LIBEL ON THE PRINCE OF WALES. In the Court of Queen's Bench, on 20th April, a rule for a criminal information was applied for against the propriotor of tho Sheffield Daily Telc t/raph for a libel on the Countess of Sefton. The libel was in the following paragraph, which, ap peared in the paper on the 4th of April List, and which was printed as a leader .paragraph, among the ' Latest News' : — . ? -'Start-lino Ru.moh. — The Prince of Wales is likely to appear in tho Divorces Court again. It it stated in Wostniinster Hall that tho Princo of Wales is likoly to be of,fiin mentioned in tho Divorce Court as a co respondent in a oaso in which a countess is tho res pondent. Tho case is said to bo ono by tho Earl of Sefton against the Countess.' . Tho application for a criminal information was made upon the following affidavits on the part of the Prince and the other noble persons concerned, and which were filed in court, andrefefredi to as the grounds of the application : — : .' ; Affidavit of Albert Edward, Prince qf WqIos, Srkrl borough Huuso, Middlesex, ' sworn Hie 14th of April, 1870, stales a3 follows:— .,???' ' 1. I havo read the paragraph in tho Sheffield Daily JVegrapli. . . ? ... '2. I was never guilty of the slightest impropriety with tho said Countess of Sefton, and there is not the slightest foundation or pretext for the statement that I am likely to be montionod in the Divorce Court aa a co-respOLdentinacaso by the Eoxl of Sefton against the Countess. ' ? ' ? ? ? ' 3. 1 know nothing of, and cannot conceive of any thing, which could have suggested or given riso to sueli a statement.' The joint affidavit of the Earl and Countess of Sefton stated '.—'-' '?' ' .'.''. . , .: '1. We have read tho paragraph in the Sheffield Dai'y Telegraph.7 '?' ' ; ? ? ;: .' ': ' 2. We woro married on tho 18th of July, 1800. ' 3. Wo havo lived togothcr from the date of our marriage down to the present time in perfect harmony and affection, and we havo thrse children. ' 4. There Isnot the slightest' shadow of foundation or pretext for the above statement set forth, as con tained in tho Sheffield Telegraph. ' 5. And I, tho said Earl, for myself say that I know of nothing, and cannot conceivo of anything, 'which could have suggested or given rise to such a state ment. ??? ?'??'? - :?..:???... ' 6. And I, the said Countcs3 for myself say that I Know of nothing, and cannot conceive of anything, which could havo suggested or given rlsoto such a stitomont. -' ' ? ? - ? '7. There has never been tho el'ghost impropriety of any kind bctwoon his Hoyal Highness the Prince of Wales and myself. ? '8. And wo, the said Earl and Countess, say that we cannot look npon the said Ktutcment as anything but a w eked falsehood and calumny.' Upon these materials. Sir John Karslake, Q.C., moved, on behalf of t'lie Earl and Countess of Sefton, for a criminal ? information against a Mr. -Long; the proprietor ? of the -paper. After ?reading the paragraph, the learned' counsel pro ceeded to say,— Aly fords, there is not tho slight est foundation of ; any sort or kiud — as is stated by tho Earl and Countess, as well as by the Prince; ot Wales— rfor the suggestion thus circulated;, and, although I understand some sort of apology; has been made or offered, tho Earl of Sefton feels that it is his duty, to apply to this Court for a criminal information against the proprietor. The Lord Chief Justice (wi;h emphasis) : Most cer tainly, Sir John Karslake ; take a rule. Rule nisi fora criminal information. 