SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide, Monday. Tbe excitement, occasioned by tbe reports from the Bluinberg goldfields, i3 unabated. A company has been formed totest the value of the diggings. Nine hundred pound notes were found concealed in the Albertou cemetery. The Geodetic Survey. — Through the cour tesy of a gentleman, resident in Beechworth, we are indebted for the following extracts from the journal of Mr Black, who is at present engaged in making a geodetic survey of the country, on the boundary between Victoria aud New South Wales. The portion of the journal which we present to our readers will be found most interesting, especially ihat relating to a geological discovery made by Mr Black, at the Cobberas, a range of limestone formation at the head of the Indi or Hume Kiver, the principal source of the Murray : — " The weather up here (Forest Hill, 6th January, 1870 ; 5000ft. elevation) is delightful for an Australian midsummer — ihe changes probably would be trying to some constitu tions, as the range of the thermometer is something tremendous. Y-r-rorday morning (5th January) I had to break the ice before I could wash ; at midday the thermometer registered 76deg. in the shade. I then exposed a thermometer with blackened bulb in order to find the range .in the sun ; it ran up to 130deg.. aud as the instrument was only graduated to 130, 1 was compelled to withdraw it to prevent bursting. Tbe range, therefore, is at least 103deg. within the 24 hours. I was. on the top of the highest peak of the Cobbera for about a fortnight, viz., from 14th to 29th December. This station gave me a good deal of trouble, as I had to build up a great ' crevasse' before I could place a pile on the top for taking observations. The top of the Cobbera is a very windy place, and a gale was blowing half the time I was there. When the wind is highest the barometer stands about 24 degrees. Upon one fine clear day, (Sunday, 26th Dec.) I distinctly saw the sea, (from tbe Cobbera's) about opposite to the entrance of the Gippsland lakes, a distance, as the crow flies, of about 80 miles, but it requires a very clear day to make it out. I have made a geological discovery here which may prove of some scientific interest. I found some fossil shells in the creek, (head of the Iudi, and main source of the Murray), aud upon following up the discovery, came upon a bed of calcareous schist, or shale, charged with fossils to such an extent , that the chief ingredient in the formation seemed to be shells, or rather the imprint of them in pure lime ; but, in addition to a great variety of these imprints of shells, I found traces of a large fish or sea reptile (query, Icthyosanrus). In fact, I have ex humed what I believe to be a monster, many- feet in length, but the matrix in which it is imbedded is so hard that I have not yet been able to see the end of it. I have got a perfect jawbone, and what I take to be one of the paddles or flippers. I have sent these to Melbourne, and if they are of any scientific importance,- you will probably hear of them again. I do not pretend to interpret this curious record of by-gone times further than to conclude from the nature of the fossils that they are of marine origin, and of compara tively recent date (geologically speaking). It is something, however, to have proof positive that at no veiy distant date, the highest peaks of the Australian Alps were buried beneath the waves of the Southern Ocean."' Sr.r.ectixg Lands under the New Land Act. — The following circular, already in sub stance telegraphed to the land officials in the I country districts, has been forwarded by the Assistant Commissioner of Lands and Survey, to contract surveyors aud district land officers : — " Crown Memorandum. — Referring to that portion of the regulations under Part H of the Land Act 1S69, which prescribes the mode of procedure' to- be adopted by persons desirous to occupy lands -thereunder, the following re marks are forwarded-to you for the guidance of intending applicants. In the preliminary proceedings no form of application is required, as the first process is that of marking out the ground in the manner described in regulation No. 3, and the applicant is then allowed from the date of the fixing of the posts, a period bf eight days within which io rnakj application to the contract surveyor of the district in which the land so marked out is situated, to survey the same: The contract surveyors being sup plied with forms of application, -will assist the applicants in filling them up, and on comple tion of the survey the application, together with the plan of the land described on the ap plication, will be handed by the surveyor to each applicant, who, within eight, days there after must, in person, deliver the" application | to the district , land officer. The . applicant having proceeded thins far, is -to await the re-- i ceipt' of notice to attend before the Local Land ' Board, by which his application will be pub- licaly investigated. It will be perceived that the proceedings under the new regulations are almost identical with those which were pre scribed under the 42nd Section of the Amend ing Land Act, 1865, the principal difference bemg that applicants under part II of the Land - Act 1869, are not required to publish notice of their applications in the newspapers " : Accident at the El Dorado Races- — During.the running of the hack race, at El Dorado, on Friday c vemna. a young lad named Dwrass, was run against a post by his horse; ' and had his leg badly broken. This, we be lieve, was the only causuality that occurred ' during the meeting, a mo3t fortunate circum- " stance considering the reckless manner in .which numbers of horsemen rode through the crowd. . . The .New Land Act and Regulations. — "We have to acknowledge receipt from Mr A. W. Foster, agent for Beechworth, of a copy of the Land Act and authenticated Regulations, hound np together in pamphlet form. The work is so useful, and so easily carried about, that every selector and intending-selector should possess a copy. Sale of Mining Property, Machinery, etc. — The sale of the mining property, consisting of shares in various valuable reefs, etc., in the | case of Paterson and others v Ray, which was to have taken place yesterday under writ of j fi fa, has been postponed till this day j (Tuesday). The property in question will be submitted to public competition at the Empire-1 Hotel, Beechworth, by Mr. Nethercott, im mediately before the sale of the Golden Lake machinery. Church of England.— The idea mooted some time back of forming this portion of the colony into an archdeaconry has been carried into effect, and the office conferred, on. Dr Tucker,- who has been appointed Archdeacon of Beechworth and Sale, likewise taking the incumbency of "Wangaratta. At a meeting of committee heldat Trinity Church, Wangaratta, on Monday evemng, letters were red from the Bishop cf .Melbourne and the registrar of the diocese, to the effect that the appointment of Dr Tucker had been confirmed, and that that gentleman miglit be expected to enter on his duties during next month. Dissatisfaction was expressed at the archdeaconry being styled that of Beechworth and Sale, and it was determined to communicate with the bishop on the subject. The designation, considering the enormous distance that separates the two places, certainly seems an anomalous one, but as the duties of the office are merely nominal, it probably matters hut little what the title may be. Beechworth Post Office Savings' Bane. — Return of the Beechworth Post Office Savings' Bank from Saturday, Januaiy 29, to Saturday, Febraruary 5, 1870, showing the number of books issuedpiumber of payments made, amount of cash received, and num ber and amount of withdrawals: — No. of payments 10 Amount oMo. , £35 19 . 0 No. of bools issued. 1 No. of withdrawals "4 Amount of do. ........ £24 13 5 Surprise Gold Mining Company, Ruther glen. — An adjourned meeting was held last week, at the company's office, Market-buildings, Melbourne ; . Mr. W. J.- Creeth in the chair. The report and balance-sheet were adopted, and Messrs Creeth, Langwill, Gill, Bnry, Orr, and Shenstone were elected directors for the ensuing half-year; Messrs Anderson and Westley were also elected auditors, and the mining manager's resignation was received and accepted. Land Selection at Benai.la. — Mr Thompson, tho Government contract sur- j vevor for the district, arrived in the township I by Saturday's coach. Considerable excite ment prevails amongst the selectors. The Late Suicide in Melbourne. — Last week Dr. YonJ, the city coroner, held an inquest on the body of Patrick Ring, aged 48 years, a blacksmith. Deceased had resided for a number of years at the Three Mile Creek, near Beechworth, and had only recently visited the metropolis. On Monday last he said he was 200 miles from home and had not a shilling, and was lent some money. Tho deeeased had just returned from New Zealand, and was of intemperate habits, but had not been drinking recently. Abont nine years previously he had attempted to cut his throat after suffering from drink. On Tuesday "he went to the Yarra on ihe north side of Prince's-bridge, and say ing that this seemed a good place to bathe, asked where it was deepest. He was told " in the middle," and then undressed and walked in until the water was up to his shoulders, when he bent down his head and went under. He was sober when he went to the Yarra. Assistance was sent for, and the body got oni by means of drags, but life was extinct. A verdict was returned, that de ceased had drowned himself while of unsound mind. Reefing at Bowman's Forest. — The fol lowing are the results of crusliings which have taken place at the Murmungee mill from the reefs at Bowman's Forest : — The Billy Barr Reef, lSdwt. per ton ; Robin Hood, 12dwt. per ton; Balcluiha Reef, lSdwt. per ton. The Beechworth and Wangaratta Rail way. — At tlie meeting of committee of the Beechworth and Wangaratta branch railway held at the Star Hotel, on Saturday, there was a meagre attendance ; Mr T. W. Bently occupied the chair. The only business taken into consideration was the telegram received from the lion, secretary, Mr Thom son, relative to the proposal made by the Government to substitute a money subsidy equal to one- fifth the cost of the line, instead 'of the land endowment. After some dis cussion, it was decided to authorise the secretary to accept the offer made, provided no better terms could be obtained. New Roman Catholic Church at Albury. — The members of tho Roman Catholic Church in the Hume district deserve to be con gratulated for their enterprise and libe rality. Within the last two years the sum of £5,000 has been collected— other districts assisting — for the building of a . convent for the Sisters of Mercy at Albury. . Now. .that this handsome edifice has been in a measure com pleted, the erection of a new church, is about to be commenced. . For this purpose, £1,000 have already been collected, and once the building -is started, further contributions are certain, to flow in freely.. The present building, which is also used for scholastic purposes, is quite, inadequate to accommodate the congre gations that assemble on Sundays, so that the erection of a new place'of worship has become a work of necessity. It is highly probable, w'e ' understand, that at the (Ecumenical Council j now sitting, the diocese of Goulburn will be ' divided, and Albury created the see of a bishop; - Fire at Rutherglen.— Yesterday morning, about nine o'clock, "a 'fire broke out in the kitchen at the rear of the- premises belonging to, aud formerly in the occupation of Mr B. Kruger, and adjoining ;ihe./ Oriental; Bank. Owing to tiie prompt assistance rendered by a number of men who were quickly on the spot; and thanks to tho plentiful supply of water obtained from the large- tank belonging to Mr; . Olcorn, immediately j a 1 joining the burning building, the fire was !. confined to the , spot where it , originated ! and the bank premises escaped uninjured. I Considerable damage was done however, owing to the hasty removal of Mr Page's furniture, tho hank safes &c.; ,. The; windows and doors were smashed, rendering the house uninhabit able for a time. If this fire had occurred in the night, the probability is that the whole block would have been swept away. It is said : that Mr Kruger is insured. i' DEDICATION OF THE CONVENT AT: j ' ALBURY. i by our special reporter.) St. Bridget's Convent, belonging to the order of the Sisters of Mercy, at Albury, was formally dedicated, on Sunday, with the solemn services characteristic of the imposing ritual of the Roman Catholic Church. The new convent — a spacious building of brick with cement facings, in the Elizabethan order of architecture — is admirably situatedin a quiet secluded part of the town. Around it are villas embosomed in the midst of luxuriant gardens, and near it are situated the Model Schools, the Presbyterian Church, and other public and private edifices. Although not yet completed, the convent has a most imposing appearance; the sexagon, three storeys in height-, catching the eye of the stranger from . whatever quarter he may enter the town. Stretching out from the sexagon are two wings, each foriy feet in length, by a width of twenty- 'four feet, containing the rooms of the sister hood, accommodation for hoarders, etc. A third wing is shortly to be added, which will ' be devoted entirely to scholastic purposes, j : The grounds, at present an acre in extent, hut likely soon to be enlarged, are being admirably laid out. The shrnhs and plants, : ; as yet only in what may.be termed the infantile , ' etage of their existence, will soon flourish ixx ,- thedertile soil ; and a year or two will see the convent surrounded by gay parterres, and— what is so common in Albury — splendid groves of useful and ornamental trees. Surrounding the grounds is a stone wall of moderate height, to keep the intruders from the sacred | precincts,' while at the rear' of the principal i structure, has 'been erected the kitchen and r rooms for the accommodation of the domestics, j The cost of the whole np. to the present time, I has been about £5,000 ; but before it is quite completed, considerable further expenditure ' will have to be incurred. Of this amount, £4000 had been subscribed previous to the dedication ; liberal contributions having been received from "Wagga "Wagga, Yass, and other localities in the southern districts, independent of the strenuous exertions made by the people of Albury themselves. Great interest appears to have been taken in the convent, and its success, by the whole of the Roman Catholic community. As an evidence of this, it will be sufficient to mention that amongst those pre sent at the ceremony on Sunday were visitors from Wagga Wagga, Yass, the Upper Murray, Beechworth, Bright, Corowa, Chiltern; in fact, almost every town in the border districts of the two colonies. But to leave secular matters for a time : Punctually at ten o'clock on Sunday morning, the gate leading from the Catholic chapel to the convent, was thrown open to the vast crowd waiting for "ad mission. In a short time, the pavilion and marquee set apart for the religious services of the day, were filled to overflowing. Altera brief interval, the Vicar-General, the Rev. Dr McAlroy, announced that the dedicating and blessing the convent was about to be per formed by the Bishop of Bathurst, assisted by the Bishop of Maitland, and attendant priests. A procession was then formed at the school, j and the ceremony commenced. First came the I boys, dressed in white snrplices, and carrying banners and crosses ; these having ranged themselves on each side the principal entrance to the convent, the bishops, accompanied by LUC (IvtvilUaUv 1C10 tuu tlllU entered the main building. Suddenly the strains of music were heard, and, chauntingthe Litany of the Saints, came forth a procession of young ladies and children, dressed in white, with white veils, and carrying banners, fol lowed by the sisters in their picturesque robes. The procession having defiled along the grounds, the sisters entered the building, when his lordship the Bishop of Bathurst performed the rites connected with the dedication. The Litany of the Blessed Virgin was then chaunted, after which the procession moved to the pavillion, where mass was celebrated by the Bishop of Bathurst, assisted by the Bishop of Maitland: the Very Rev. Dr. McAlroy, Vicar-General of the district ; the Rev. Father Berrningham, parish priest ; and the Rev. Father i'womey. During the celc-brarion of mass there conld not have been less than 800 or 900 people within the temporary structure; in fact, so densely were they packed and so greatjwas the heat that several persons -were taken ill, and one or two fainted away. But in spite of these drawbacks, the ceremony was a most interesting one, and the scene one long to he remembered. At the altar was the prelate, dressed in his gorgeous robes of office, aud around him the attendant priests. At intervals the channting of music resounded through the temporary structure, while the crowds of devout worshippers, the young girls in their pure white dresses, the sisters and Mother Superioress, in their pictu- esque costumes, combined to make up a spectacle different from anything ever before witnessed in the border districts of New Sonth Wales and Victoria. Mass having been concluded, the Bishop of Maitland read the lessons appointed by the Church for the day, after which he proceeded to deliver a discourse on the latter lesson taken from St. Matthew's gospel. In speaking to the words of the text, the right reverend gentleman said that they had come there that day- in great numbers to celebrate an event altogether new in that part of tho w trld. As in" the lesson which had just been read, - the sower went forth sowing good seed, so they had met there to assist in sowing the good seed of a religions education in the hearts of the young. It wasja great object which iiad brought.them together that day, and for the sake of which- some of them had travelled hundreds of miles. It was the cause of free catholic education. They had come there for the special object of asserting their convictions that' a catholic and no other kind of education was the great requisite 'for the rising generation. A catholic education, as he looked on it and as they looked on" it, was essentially grounded on religion. Every step was carried on nnder its benign influence. When a child was born into, the world, he was taken under the protection of. the Church ; he was regenerated in the waters of baptism, anc > made an heir of the Kingdom of Heaven when he grew up he was made a soldier of the church, to fight its battles and uphold its standards against ail assailants. This being .the view the church took of 'its guardianship over the young, it was important to consider the hearing of the event they, had met to celebrate that day. Education, according to ' the- views held by all true catholics, to be- of benefit,' must be sanctified 'by religion. They believed that the Catholic church had a mission from Christ, its founder, to teach aR nations, baptising them., in t the name of the Father, Son, and Holy. Ghost, making them one in spirit and. .in faith. And how was this to be- done. Unless the church had the privilege of controlling the work of education ? I It was their opinion 'that no'system of educa-. tion was suited for their childreu, unless they had the privilege of taking the schools under their own care, and managing them in accor dance -with 'their principles:..' -If the" State was allowed to have the sole "control of edu cation, religion was certain to he thrust in the background, .and the principles for which Catholics contended treated with scqiu and' : .contempt.- ; It was ' on", this ' aebount that . -Catholics were making so many' sacrifices m order to secure for their children die ad- vantages of a religions education ; aud as a part of these sacrifices, he need only point to the noble building which had just been completed, and the dedication of which they had met that day to celebrate. It had been said that ihe catholics, had offered a factious opposition to the system of education as by law established. But nothing was moro unfounded, as might be seen by the sacrifices the catholics were making. Let them trai el through New South Wales or Victoria, and they would everywhere see the catholics striving as one man to carry out the principles in which they believed. It was their love for the Catholic creed and for Catholic education which had brought them together that day, and which had caused them to contribute so liberally towards the erection of that noble j building in which the work of education was to be carried on. It was this that made them give up, for conscience sake, so much of the funds to which they had a right the same I as other denominations. The many sacrifices they had.made and were still making were for the love of a religious education. Nothing, therefore, was so unfair as to say that the Catholics offered a factious opposition to the system of education as by law established. They had never interfered with other denomi nations. If these denominations chose to have public schools, the Catholics had said " let it be so, but do not ask us ; in obedience to our principles, we object to any system of education for our children in which our church does not take part ; the same rights and pri vileges that we are willing to concede to you, we claim for ourselves."' In the -system of education' introduced two or three years since into the colony, had this principle been recognised? Had tliey not . been told by those who framed the -measure that religion must be set aside; that if peace -and harmony were to be preserved, religion must be banished from the schools. The religion which was founded on peace and good will to man, was set , aside to prevent discord, and in its place substituted a kind of general Christianity, essentially repugnant to aR weU-regulated'minds.- How different from the proceedings of our colonial rulers was' the action taken in England when first it was pro posed to establish national schools through out Ireland. . Lord Stanley, whose work it in great measure was, did not attempt to go against the people's convictions. As a states man he knew that no system of education would be . of benefit unless the religious element was recognised. The correspondence which passed between him and the heads of the Catholic Church in Ireland, was still in existence"; fit showed plainly that Lord Stanley was' weU. aware that no" system of education would be recognised in Ireland which had not received the sanction of the heads of the Church. But how different had it been in New South "Wales. The animosity which had arisen, and. which he regretted to say was stiff likely to arise on account of the Education Bill, had been brought about by the attempt to force the people's religious con victions. It was not the Catholics on!' who objected to its provisions; other denomina tions were as much dissatisfied as they were. The system was entirely based on wrong principles, ai nan oeen saiu, inai io promote peace and harmony religion must be banished from ihe schools. Did anyone ever hear such a doctrine as that enunciated? Was it not the case, that without religion no true peace or harmony conld exist ? It was religion that united them together, bonndman to his fellow- man, guided his career on earth, and fitted Mm for heaven. The biff, in other respects, had failed in accomplishing its object. It was intended, by its framers, to meet the wishes of all; but it had not done so, and, what was more, it was impossible that it could do so. Instead of meeting the wishes of . all, it had in reality pleased none. It was impossible that, in the schools as establishedby the Act, any system of true education could be carried on. The exclusion of the elevating influences of religion would be attended with serious consequences. A generation would . grow np indifferent to religion and antago nistic to order and law ; in their recklesness they would disturb the government, as Had been the case in other countries j and mar the face of this fair land with deeds of violence. Guided by their principles the Catholics had determined, in order that the rising generation might be properly trained, to establish purely catholic schools. The. furtherance of these principles they had come there that day to finish, not to inaugurate; they had come there to finish the good work commenced a few months back. The reasons, which he had pointed out, and which were grounded on their holy faith, were quite sufficient to account for the large attendance he saw before him. But there were other motives also mixed up in their assembling together that day. ' ' They had come to do honor to their worthy pastor! and to relieve him of the responsibility he had' incurred. They had also come there to do honor to the Sisters of Mercy,, those noble women . whose praises had been sounded throughout the world ; who had given up home and friends to spend their lives in seeking the welfare of their fellow creatures ; who had not come here to seek a fortune, bat bad given np all hopes of wealth and pleasure, in order that they might instruct tho young, attend the sick, and minister to the dying in.their last moments. The Bishop then paid a flattering tribute to the priest in charge of the parish, and concluded - 'by- making an eloquent appeal to his hearers on: behalf of the funds of the convent. " He re-" minded those , present that ' it was they and their children who would reap "the benefit of its establishment; thanked those who had already contributed so liberally, especially particularising the people of Wagga "Wagga/ Yass, etc., and urged them to still further exertions. A collection was then taken, the Bishop subsequently announcing that the sum of £550 had been taken in cash, and that £60 more had been promised. - The pronouncing of the benediction concluded the proceedings. BEECHWORTH POLICE COURT, i Monday February 71 ' (Before Messrs Bowman and Ciemenger, J.P;'s) John Phelan v Hiram VHoyie.— Illegally selling liquor. There were-three .other cases of a similar nature, which were adjourned for a week.' ' . - - --- . Miles Foxcroft v J. Buckley.— Claim, £2 10s 2d, goods. -Defendant's wife appeared a,n., Promised to pay at the rate .of five shillings per week. Order for amount, disrtess not to issne while tho weekly, instal ments were paid. George Biffson v Arthur Wilkinson.— Claim £6. Order for amount ; 5s costs. ' . Robinson and M'Clintock v Ah Ken.— £7 0s lid. Defendant pleaded indebted, but stated that he was unable to pay. Order for amount, with 13s costs. D. Lasker v James Ramage. — Claim for £7 2s 6d. Order for amount ; costs 2s 6d 1 Montz Brasch v W. Owens— Claim, £4 17s ! 9d. Order for "amount ; costs 2s 6d j Franking Letters— In tho New South Wales Legislative Assembly, Mr Dean has given notice of his intention to move that members shall have the privilege of frankm .their, letters. ' - ? ' v'.'i ' - i J .. : . t 1 C i i 