MISCELLANEOUS. "Asoio At-stralian," in the European Mail, says :?"The affected Spartan sternness of Lord Granville iu denying pecuniary aid to New Zealand in her distress hos at hist suc- cumbed to the persevering arguments ef Messrs. Featherstone mid Bell, and these gentlemen may bo congratulated on having obtained n victory. The Government buring consented to wairo the principle of refusing n gunraittco to ti colonial loati, it was miserable statesmanship to quarrel whether the amount should be a million or a half-million. And yet haggling ou this point was persisted in by Lord Granville up to the last moment. Tho Commissioners refused to entertain an oller of a guarantee of half a million, but consented to forward the proposal of this minor amount to their Government, which they did by telegram on May ll, in order to overtake tho steamer at Gulle. Lord Gran- ville agreed subsequently to concede the guaran- tee of a million on condition that half should be speut in construction of roads, so os to give, amongst other things, employment to the friendly Maoris, and tho other half for immigration purposes. The fact is thut his Lordship found out that thc Commissioners were in earnest, and that the talk about sub- mitting nu ttllimatum of assistniicc or separa tionof New Zealand from the motlier country, was not all moonshine. Messrs. Featherstone and Bell were to be seen smiling and happy at the State Ball at Buckingham Palace on May 17; and thus onds this 'strange eventful his- tory !'"?The subject of the new mail routes to the" Australian colonies has been naturally ex- citing much interest and speculation. The Postmaster-General recently received a memo- rial signed by most of the leading establishments connected with Australia and India, in fivor of the Brindisi route. Afr. Purdy has been writ- ing strongly iu the Times in support of the superior claims, on the whole, of the Suez over all other routes. I may mention that letters wero received in London from New Zealand on the morning of Friday, Slay 13, via Brin- disi, being usually delivered on tho Saturday. That route is genorally considered a great suc- cess, as it allows several days longer time to reply to letters. There is not much confidence as yet in tho new Son Francisco line, for tho steamers employed nre considered too small, nnd unadapted for tho purpose, and there is no reliunco felt on their regulnrily and punctuality. The very first vessel of tho Company, for instance, that reached San Fran- cisco on Alay 5 was Uro days behind lier stipu- lated time. It is quite certain that for tho preseut only duplicate correspondence will bo sent by this linc. Tho other oompany pro- posing tho through route, ria Milford Haven and Portland, have not yet got their capital to- gether. In their prospectus they stato that they will complete tho whole journey to Sydney in forty days, but this is obviously an uuder-csti mate, ond forty-four at the very least will probably be required. From Sydney to San Francisco, including the detention for coaling, would take twenty-eight days (reckoning ten kuots an hour as the speed of the steamers), thence to Portland six, whence to Milford Haren would demand, on an average, not less than ton.?Air. J. C. White has arrived in England from Brisbane. He has como here to report upon wool for the benefit of the squatters in Queensland. He has been attending the May wool sales, and hus seen tho brokers. I under- stand he is about to sturt to the north of Euglaiid, to pur.-ue his inquiry amongst the munufueturers. He hus nerer been in Engluud before, and I om sorry to hear thut he is suf- fering from indisposition." The Queen lins grunted the d'gnity of knight unto John Morphett, Esq., President of the Legislative Council of South Australia, and Georgi) Strickland, Esq., Speaker of the House of Assembly. The Central Queensland Meat Preserving Company, with a proposed capital of £45,000, in ,£3 shares, has been registered. Alive ix tue Dead-house.?Thc Son Fran c^co Alta California gives nn account of the experience of a German who was supposed to have died in that city, and whose body was im- mediately removed aud placed in the dead house attached to the hospital in which he had been under treatment:?" The body was de- posited in a case where two other bodies had ulrcudy been placed, and between them. The corer was put on and tho keeper of tbe dead house retired for the night. About midnight a loud screaming and yelling of the most unearthly character was heard in tho dead-house. The keeper of the dead-house was sought after, but, being aware of what he was required to do, he sought concealment, preferring to let tho ghosts fight it out among themselves rather than attempt to become peacemaker. When at last he was prevailed upon to proceed to the dead-house and open the door, the ghostly form of the German, whose life had becu a few hours previously pronounced extinct, and who had been dressed in the robes of thc dead, stood beforo him. The keeper fainted outright, while the terrified German rushed headlong through tho long halls and corridors of tho building, spreading dismay and terror as bc went. Some more courageous than the rest caught and arrested him in his frantic career, but the next instant tho poor German fell on thc floor in a flt. The physician was sent for, und restoratives used, by which he was restored to consciousness. How be felt when he returned to consciousness we give as he told it himtelf:?' Vi II, ven I got sick and ros in bed that day the doctor carno to me mid said I ms very sick. He vent away, and after hu vent I fell asleep. I knew nothing more lill I vokc in de night, nnd lhere was no light. 1 put out roy hand, and I could get no bed clothes, for I vus cold. 1 den put my hand to veno side to try for the bcd clothes, and, adi, vat you think 1 got?vy a ded man. Dorelle vos, cold enough sure. I roared mid all the power 1 hud, and ras going avuy by the other tide, ven, sure, I put my hand on another. Then I roared, and colled, and cried out all 1 could, and ven 1 was getting up my bead struck a board that was covering mo. *' Oh," said I, " vot does this mean, vero | am I? Am I ded?" and I roared and bawled, aud threw off tho cover and jumped about as if | I vas mad. And I knocked at tho door rid my hands and feet, but nobody would open'it for mo, and I thought I ros ded myself. I vas not shure. I bod tho ded mon's dreBS on mo. At last the door opened, and ven I looked at tho man vat opened it he fell down mid fear, ond I ran till I vas caught. Then I fainted, and ren I come to myself L thought it vas a dream. But it is as true as I am here/ " 