BAPTISMAL REGENERATION. To the Editor of the Launceston Examiner. h Launceston, March 16, 1870. Data Sea-As'your Issue of yesterday coo tales a letter signed " Observer,"which holds forth so moth that is the very'reverse to the troth, I beg your permisleon to state the truth; as opposed a to it, that the publio may not be mneled. It is untrue to say that the Prayer Book, as now used by the Church of England, ho. any thing to do with Charles II, or he with it. For 4 all the horrors of Popery, In prisons, fines, and t bloodshed, attempted by Charles I, effected by Charles II, and for which James II had to leave the throne, were-swept from our land by Vil liam III, the Prince of Orange., After 1688 (see Mackintooh'a Revolution, from p. 590). It is untrns to soy that the clergy of the Church now have'to stbscribe to those very things for whith 2000 ministers of the Church thon left her. It was the "Act of Conformity,'" The Test Act," and " The Five-Mile Act," under which they suffered-which no more remained after the Prince of Orange became kIng, than the bloodstained ects of Mary remained after Eliza both ascended the throne. That the Church had her prayers again as before is evident from the "ratification" dated 1570-the "declaration" of her Articles, dated 1502. That Elihabeth and James I both fell back upon the forms of prayer as established by Edward is evident from the 35th and37th Articles. I wish "Observer" would mlud his prayers, and not utter such nonsense. After Mary of blood, this Prayer Book of Edward VI was re-estabisled by Elizabeth, and in six months after Mary's death re~read for the first time, on May 12th,.1659, in the Queen's Chapel, and in St. Paul's on the 15th of the same month. Having traced this book back to Edward VI., we beg to state that Dr. John Calvin was in frequent correspondence with 2 Edward, Creamer, and the Duke of Somerset (the King's proteo'or) about that book. Some things were excluded at his request and some inserted a also he sent over two learned men (Bacer and Martyr) to assist the king and his bishops in compiling the book, a copy of which they took back Is latin, all of which, and ten 1- times more, can bh seen n "Staye's Ecc. Mom.," it "Down's lives of the compilers," " Boit's lives of the Reformers," "Burnett's history of tho Refer Ro mation," 1 Robertson's history of Scotland," "Toplady," p. 159 to p. 161. I mention these facts, not only to prove the folly of "Observer,' e but to show-lat. That all the compilers of 1t.0 Prayer Book most positively abhorred Baptismal t5 Regeneration and the real presence, as we know that Calvin and his scholar/ did. Sod. That aa the same Calvin wes the Father of the Presby. teriann, the Prayer Book must be understood in the same sense:or mea'ang as' tho 'coofessloin of faith. 'And here observe their egreemenet'-'ist. The' Kirk contession mates ebepelom a euigseeai, and a means of regeneration. See. Q '1i Lar. Cate. The Prayer Seek does the smo., SeeArt. 27th. .2nd. The Conlession aserlbes'ail the glory to the Holy Ghost for the work of regeneration so does the Prayer Book. 3rd. The' Confession states that persons may be baptised ned not saved -so does the Prayer Book, that the baptised may recolve to themselves damtiaton:' Art. 25th. 4th. 'The 'Coofesiaon etaltO' that salvatlon' may he had without babtii. ':The 'Prayer .Bo'l no where denIesa that., th. 'The Confession, upon the' Supper," 'sees tbe unhappy words, ,',' feed upoo, His., bodyj cod . blood," in the bread and wlo.. Sodoes the Prayer Book. Yet both alike declare their disbelief in the " real presence": both IntendIt' figuratively. "There fore they both alike intend baptism figuratively. not absolutely. They both alike erred, as Calvin did, in making the two ordinances means of sslva. tion to the receivers. } The Word of God teaches that the Holy Ghost, by the' divine' word 'alone, smale salvation upon the eloner's heart ;,and bsp. tism, with the Supper, Is to' "how :forth",with. oat, that which le wroughteio'them by, the Lor'l. The Holy Spirit works In, ordinatncesework out. But this mistake in these two standards offtalth is far from Rome's dogma of baptismal regenera. tlon, so taught in Mr. Dixon's letter,, viz, that the baptised are absolutely' regenerated'. ' Both our national churches teach that persons may be baptiaed and yet lost. The Prayer Book again and again mentions "the mystical water," "elgo," "Instrument,".&a.; therefore they only intend, a mystical regeneratlon, not absolute as Rome does. They differ from each other in these four par ticulars: let. Rome professes to have power, and does it. The Prayer Book prays to God to do it. 2nd. Rome declares they have done it.-The Prayer Book thanks God that He has done t.: 3rd. Rome affirms regeneratioo to be by' their baptism. The Prayer Book says it Is wrought of God 'in baptism. 4th. Rome affirms the baptised' are re generated.: . Certainly and 'evidently'.',' The Prayer Book, affirms-" You may or may not be regenerated by baptism."-Artf.25th., The one, therefore, makes It an absolute reality, the other a eago and figure.' If, by doing this, the Prayer Book Is chargeable with baptismal regeneration, sn:ls the Kirk, and so Is the Bible for it says-,' Arise;'sad wash away' thy sIn," and again -" Baptism doth now save us." "Observer" would say-"-The Bible means figuratively." I soawer -" And so does the Prayer 'Book." If this figurative language is to be twisted into baptismal regeneration, so must the confession; the Prayer Book and the -Bible ,be made to teach "the reat presence," for the two first esy In the bread and wine they feed upon;Christ's body, and blood, and the, latter 'says-"This is my body, this Is my blood." "Observer" wilt say again-" The Bible means figurative."' So I say of the Prayer Book and' Confession. " Ob. server" anys-" Numbers of .clergymenn it 'the Church cannot feel at ease with the Prayer Book.' 'No' wonder at that, for most of them have apostatized from her, doctrines-the do-o trines of the good Relormers-so that not one In fifty preaches the great doctrines of the glorious Retormation. No wonder they should be lashed In their consciences; let them look at the 17Ih Article and blush for their shonking errors. Mr. Spurgeon has praised 'the High Church party as consistent with their creed, and condemned the Low Church as guilty of perjury,' which the High Church now use to lash the Low, as'in the Chronicle of the 23rd of February. From thie I dissent, and these are my reasons,' whiab I humbly entreat you to insert in your valuable paper, sad I shall ever remaio, dear Sir, yours very respect fully, ' Dart. ALLur. 