BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. On Friday evening, February 25, a service was held for the public recognition of Mr. C Tresise as an approved Minister. The devol tional proceedings were enndnntari hv t-m p™. i. r'iper; and the Rev. J. Way, who presided explained that after a probationer had beer received by tho District Meeting, ho was broughi before the congregation for public recognitior by vote of the people. Ho then called on Mr C. Tresise to give a statement of his conversion call to the ministry, and religious experience! Mr. Tresise said he was not unconscious of the important position he then occupied. He had never lived such solemn moments as recently and hoped the act of that evening would be ratified in heaven. When very young he firsl felt convictions of sin ; parental prayers made a deep impression on his mind, and a pious cler gyman helped him to serious religious thoughts and feelings. These wore away, but subse quently the Bible Christian Ministry produced powerful convictions that led him to Jesus. In company with a brother now in heaven he was saved. Years after he felt a grow ing desire to preach; ho gave himself to preparation, and a deep, clear, and powerful conviction came that his whole life was to be devoted to the ministry. He left England for this colony, and the impressions followed him. He could not shake them off, and, having obtained a fecommendation from his circuit, he entered the work. He had realized many proofs of God s favour; no evidence could be clearer than his assurance of salvation. He hoped to labour in the Bible Christian Church as long as (.Tod gave him breath to preach the Gospel of Jesus Christ. The Rev. S. Keen moved the recognition of Mr C. Tresise as a minister of tho Bib e Christian Church. He said none could could foresee the consequences of their act that nlS ij «, T fPostoMe teaching that they should ' lay hands suddenly on no man.' Thev acted on this inspired counsel. The Church must recommend Year after year the pro banners were subject to strict examinations to test their mental and spiritual attainments. The final examination at the end of four years was minute and careful. He believed Mr Tresise had qualifications for the work; he was converted. This was tho first and highest qualification. They appreciated intellectual attainments, but these, however great, were worthless without spiritual power. He had every confidence in the young minister before them, and with much pleasure proposed his recognition! The Rev. J. Roberts seconded. Mr. Tresise was first appointed to labour with him. He knew something of his life, and had heard good reports from the other stations to which he had been appointed. The Rev. J. Stoyel was called on to support the recognition. He observed that the Church was the highest institution on earth, and her ministry was of divine appoint ment. None should enter it but as drawn by iivine influence ; they should be persons of the iighest qualifications. Careful training was lecessary for his high vocation ; the Apostles [ were trained by three years1 instruction and example by the best of teachers— their Lord and Master. The brother beforethem had been thoroughly tested. In comparative isolation from brethren, surrounded with many difficul ties, he had earnestly laboured for three years on mission ground. He knew something of his private and public life, and was pleased with the fervency of his devotions, and earnestly hoped he would be favoured with a long and successful life. With great pleasure he sup ported this proposed recognition. The resolu tion was unanimously carried. The Chairman gave Mr. Tresise the right hand of fellowship, and presented him with a copy of the Holy Scriptures, which he hoped would be his daily study, his guide and comfort through life. j The Rev. J. Ashton then delivered the charge. After referring to his having himself occupied a similar position 27 years ago, when he with four others listened to an address delivered by one since dead, and remarked upon his feelings and determination then, the speaker proceeded to enlarge upon the work undertaken, its greatness and responsibility. He urged the necessity for purity of life, self-denial, consecration, enthu siasm, fidelity, and imitation of Christ in hatred of sin and love of holiness. He then dwelt nnnn tne tnemes which were to form the groundwork for the preacher, and spoke of the hindrances and encouragements in presenting the truth to hearers. Passing on, mention was made of the qualifications requisite in a minister, and the need for persevering lifelong study and constant patience. He then proceeded— ' Think no effort too great and no privation hard that will aid you in the attainment of knowledge, and most of all let your knowledge be of the Bible, and such as will assist you to unfold and illustrate its meaning, and to enforce its obligations. Bo not satisfied with mere fragments, valuable as they may be. Try to descend below the surface to principles that underlie the rule9, precepts, and examples. Search for truth as for 'hidden treasure. ' ivnow it in its usual or common mode of exhibition, and also in its deeper abstraction and essence, but give it only in the former in your regular ministrations. Your auditors will generally look for the truth, the bread and water of life, rather than the processes of your possessing yourself of it. To know the techni calities of theology is well, the better to see the propositions and relations of truth, and the better to be enabled to present it to others in its simple beauty and eternal blessedness. In preaching, the less dogma the better. It should bo clear, and plain, and suggestive, rather than dicta torial. Man need not, nor should ho give forth his dictum, yet he should speak solemnly and authoritatively the truth as it is in Jesus.' Farther on he said— 'There is danger of our being satisfied with sincerely sotting Christ ancl His claims before our hearers, just as a teacher of science does his truths, leaving greatly to them the acceptance or the rejection. But this will not do. If it bo teaching, it is hardly preaching. Wo must 'beseech sinners in Christ's stead to be reconciled to God.' We must feel as if the perishing, and, indeed, all men, were a part of ourselves; and in the deepest sympathy, with a holy enthusiasm, lovingly urge entire submission to and full acceptance of Christ. If well and faithfully done, preaching is a large if not the largest part of a minister's work. But there is much besides to be done. There must be constant watching to prevent the coming in of evil from without, as well as to prevent the rising up of evil from within, where the good seed has been sown in honest hearts. Hero 'the ciders of the Church' should keep vigilant eye, and unite with the minister to carry and to feed ' tho lambs of tho flock.' Later, ho remarked— ' Humanity is so weak, so erring, so self-willed, so conceited, so bent on evil, and ' our adversary the devil' is so present and ready to add thereto, that evil will como in. 'Offences will come.1 .Much patience and forbearauco is necessary, and much wisdom to crush evil in the bud. The perfection of the Scripture and of Christ is the lofty standard to which we must look and to which we must point, and then humbly and patiently wait for the ripe corn in the ear. rccu mj Minos, ieeu my sneep, said unnst. To all give their portion of meat in due season, never wearying nor wavering in well-doing. Ever in 'deed and word' be a true 'coun sellor and guide.' Many then will follow, will be saved, and be the crown of your rejoicing for ever. Beyond things strictly sacred you will have some responsibilities in relation to the discipline and secularitios of tho Church. Bo no novice in such things. Take in to your view the universal Church ; but specially that portion of it of which you are a minister. In Church polity and government expediency seems rather to' be the law than any positive ommand or set example. That is the'best that most resists evil and most fosters good, and this is often ruled by persons, circumstances, and times, by forms and accidents more than by essentials. Tho Church is one, but widely ramified. 'The essence and the evidence of tho unity of the Church is spiritual similarity,' and diversity of administrations need not affect this. Never be forward to cut off from the Church except in the extremest cases; if then, bear and forbear long. 'Overcome evil with good.' Shame, or awe, or lead into submission to the truth and right by love. All else may fail; love cannot always. Do your own part in these matters well and timely, and generously help tho slow and backward, without severe reproof or chiding.' He concluded thus:— 'There are, too, Tobiahs, Sanballats, and Geshems set on mischief, hindering the work of the Lord. Jerusalem in ruins is their glory ; the temple of the Lord destroyed is their delight. They must not be feared, but defied and contemned. Love of ease must bo over come by the fire, and life, and power of 'Christ in you, tho hope of glory.' Sin and iniquity, however multiform and however archly and artfully posted against Clirist and his universal reign on the earth, must be in the name of the Lord assailed in its own citadel, and there may be no truce or compromise. 'To him every knee shall bow.' ? All nations shall call him blessed.' All error, whether total or partial, whether coarse or subtle, and whether popularly called good or evil, must be con stantly opposed with tho truth in love, tho truth in precept, in rule, in practice, or example. The truth lived must be living truth, and cannot bo hidden long. ' Let your light so thine before men that they may seo your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven.' But heart evil is the greater foe and enemy to the reign of Jesus Christ the Lord; and love, God's love in Clirist Jesus, is its conqueror. It has conquered, it does now conquer, it shall conquer till all shall know him 'whom to know is life eternal. How important well to live the life of earth; great as aro its responsi bilities, there is no need to despair. ' Our suf ficiency is of God ;' His rod and staff comfort. He says, ' I am with you alway; my grace is sufficient for thee; be faithful; I will give theo a crown of life.' Seek and expect the Holy Ghost s spirit to comfort and to guide you into all truth; God's providence over you shall be gracious and good. Never forget it is for God you live, for God you labour— that you live and labour — that man, your brother, may be brought back to love and loyalty to Christ brought to purity and peace through Christ Let your eye be single ; let your aim be great ; let your hope be ardent ; let Christ be all and in all. Ever remember your high and holy calling. To enemies without or within come not down. To Satan, to sin, to the world, to the flesh, to all that would divert you from ' your work of faith and your labour of love,' »y, 'I am doing a great work, so that I mnnot come down.' May God Almighty bless uid help you my brother, and may you ever be richly anointed with the unction of the Holy jhost.' Bishop Shiel.— The Rev. J. Smyth, Vicar General, has received a letter from Bishop Shiel, dated Rome, December 13, in which he says:— ' On the day of the opening of tho Council it rained heavily and unceasingly, yet St. Peter's was full, some hundreds had to go away there being no room within that immense Church. It was truly a splendid scene, such a forest of mites— 720 Bishops. Rome is perfectly tran quil. There are not as many strangers here as was anticipated, the exorbitant prices drove many away, and the Romans have lost thereby. We cannot say how long the Council will last. Martin Gnver is Bishop of Perth. Dr. Mahoney, of Cork, consecrated 10 days ago Bishop of Armidale, is here. We are all kept busy attend, ing the congregations, and have not much time to spare. j 