The Storyteller. ROLAND YORKE. CHAPTER XXII. DURING THE AUTUMN. BY THE AUTHOR OF "EAST LYNNE." THIS must be called the third part of the story, if we may reckon the short commencing prologue as the first. The year had gone on to October, and that month was quickly passing. The lapse of time, some three or four months, had not brought any change worth recording: people and things were in the main very much in the position that they had been: but a slight summary of progress must be given. Bede Greatorex had been on the wing. In early August he went abroad with his wife, choosing Switzerland as his first halting-ground. Bede had proposed some place (if that could be found) less frequented by the English; and Mrs. Bede had retorted that if he wanted to vegetate in an outlandish desert, he might go to it alone. In the invariable kindness and con- sideration Bede observed to her, even to her whims, he yielded: and they went off in the commotional wake of a shoal of staring tourists, with another commotional shoal behind them. Mr. Greatorex it was who had insisted on the holiday for Bede. "You are getting more in- capable of hard work every day," he plainly said to him: "a rest will, I hope, restore you; and take it you must." Bede yielded. That he was very much in need, of a change of some sort, he knew. And of rest also—if he could only get it. But the latter might be more hard to obtain than Mr. Greatorex suspected or ima- gined. So they went to Switzerland first: Bede and his wife, and her maid Tallet. Bede thought the party would have been a vast deal more compact and comfortable without the lady's- maid, not to speak of the additional expense, and he gently hinted as much. The hint was quite lost on Mrs. Bede, who took not the smallest notice of it. In point of fact, that lady (besides being incorrigibly idle, never doing an earthly thing for herself) had absolute need of artistic aid in the matter of making-up: face and shape and hair and attire alike requiring daily renovation. From Switzerland they went rushing about to other places, not at all neces- sary to note, and got back home the middle of October, after rather more than two months' absence; being followed by nearly a fourgon of fashions from Paris: for that seductive capital had been their last resting-place, and Mrs. Bede had found its magazines seductive also. Bede winced at the cheques he had to give. Mr. Greatorex started with alarm when he saw his son. They got home at night, having come up by the tidal train from Folkestone, which had been somewhat delayed in conse- quence of the boat's rough passage. During their absence, it had been the quietest and hap- piest home imaginable: Mr. Greatorex, Anna- bel Channing, and the little girl forming it; Frank Greatorex having holiday as well as Bede. For visitors they had Henry William Ollivera and Roland Yorke, one or the other dropping in to tea twice or thrice a week. Mr. Greatorex was as a very father to Annabel; and Miss Jane, subjected to regularity and desirable influ- ences only, was on her best behaviour. The old lawyer, in the happy quiet, the relief conferred by the absence of noise and Mrs. Bede, thought the good old times must be coming back again. All three were sitting together in the drawing- room when Bede and his wife got in. The chandelier's rays flashed full on Bede's face, and Mr. Greatorex started. Far from his son's hav- ing derived benefit from the prolonged tour, he looked worse than ever; his cheeks hollow and hectic, his face altogether worn. Perhaps for the first time it struck Mr. Greatorex, as he glanced from one to the other, that she likewise looked thin and worn, with restless eyes and hollow cheeks, hectic also. But in the hectic there was this difference: Bede's was natural, her's was put on. What would they have been without the rouge? Bede said he was better. When Mr. Great- orex spoke seriously to him on the following morning, recommending that there should be a consultation, Bede laughed. He declared that the rest from business had done him an immense deal of good. Thin? Oh of course he was thin. So was Louisa—did Mr. Greatorex not notice it?—Tallet was the same for the matter of that: they had gone whirling about from place to place a little too fast, he supposed, mak- ing a toil of pleasure. And then the dreadful sea passage!—of course they looked the worse last night, but they were both all right this morning. So spoke Bede, and went to work with a will: really with some of his old energy. He ap- peared fresh and tolerably well after the night's rest; and Mr. Greatorex felt reassured. Gerald Yorke was another who had taken holiday. Gerald had managed to get an invita- tion to cruise in the Honorable Mr. Fuller's yacht, and Gerald, with two or three other in- vited guests, went careering off in it for the space of six weeks. Before starting, he had fully accomplished his reviewing work with re- gard to Hamish Channing's book—but that can be left until later. Gerald enjoyed himself amazingly. The yacht put into foreign ports on occasion, and they got a few days' land cruise. The honorable owner treated his friends right royally, and Gerald had not felt so much at ease since he was a boy. By a slice of luck, which Gerald hardly believed in at the time, he had induced Vincent Yorke to lend him fifty pounds, and he thought himself laudably generous in dividing this with his wife. "Now mind, Winny," he said to her on the morning of his departure, "I shall be away five weeks. It can't take you five pounds a week to live and pay rent, so I shall expect you to have a good sum in hand when I get back. I'll drop you a letter now and then, but you'll not be able to write to me, as we shall be moving about from place to place just as the wind or the mood takes us." Therefore, on the score of his wife and child- ren, Gerald was entirely at ease; and he quite expected, after his charge to Winny, that she would have something like eight or ten pounds left of the twenty-five; at least, that she ought to have. He was out of reach of creditors too; the future he did not allow to trouble him (he never did), and Gerald gave himself wholly up to the enjoyment of the present. Little did Gerald Yorke suspect, as he leaned over the side of the yacht in seductive indolence, smoking his cigar and sipping his iced Burgundy, that poor Winny's money had come to an end before the second week was over. It might not have cost him a single moment's care if he had known it, for Gerald was one upon whom no earthly person's trouble made the smallest im- pression unless it touched him personally. Effectually out of the way himself, Winny might just have done as she best could. Gerald would have wished he was at hand to tell her she de- served a shaking for her folly, and dismissed the matter from his mind. The way the money went so soon was this. Gerald's man-servant in chambers, just as glad as his master to get a respite from troublesome creditors, who went well nigh to wear his pati- ence out, informed one of that ill-used body of men where Mr. Gerald Yorke had gone, on the very day following the departure—"Cruising over the seas in a lord's yacht to foreign parts, and likely to be away till winter." Of course this struck the applicant dumb. He happened to know that Gerald Yorke had a wife and family in town, and he set himself forthwith to learn their address, which he found not very difficult of accomplishment. His own debt was not a heavy one, rather short of six pounds. Down he went, demanded an interview with Mrs. Yorke, and so scared her senses away by insisting upon instant payment, there and then, that Winny handed out the money. Other cre- ditors got to know of this; they went down too, and insisted upon the same prompt payment on their score. Winny had many virtues no doubt but there was one she could certainly not boast of—courage. In all that related to debt and its attendant annoyances, she was timid as a fawn. To be pressed for an account and not pay it if she had the money in her possession, was simply impossible to Winifred Yorke. But this I think has been hinted at before. When the last frac- tion of the twenty-five pounds had left her (in a payment of four pounds ten to a stern-looking, but by no means abusive man) Winny burst into tears: saying aloud that she did not expect her husband home for weeks, did not know where to write to him, and had not a six- pence left for herself and her poor little children. Upon that the man put the half- sovereign back into Mrs. Yorke's hand without a word, and departed. So there was Winny, literally without a six- pence, save for this ten shillings, and Gerald not quite two weeks gone. But for Hamish Channing and his wife, she might really have starved; most certainly she would have been turned out of doors; for the landlady, nearly tired of Mr. Gerald Yorke's uncertain finances, had never kept her. Miss Cook said she could not afford to let rooms and get no rent; and no doubt that was true. Away went Winny with her grief and helplessness to Mrs. Channing. It was an awkward dilemma, an embarrassing ap- peal, and Ellen Channing felt it as such. On the one hand there was this poor woman, and her not much more helpless children; on the other, Ellen was aware that Hamish had already aided her far more extensively than he could afford. Oh, it was true. Many and many a little luxury (Gerald would have called it a necessary) that Hamish required in his failing health—for it had begun to fail—did he debar himself of for the sake of Gerald Yorke's wife and children. His heart ached for them. He took not the smallest pleasure, he often walked when he ought to have rode, he would eat bread and cheese for his lunch, or a dry roll when he should have had a chop, that he might give the saved money to Mrs. Yorke. In those golden dreams of fame and fortune, when his book was approaching completion, and the realisation of its returns had apparently been drawing very near (months ago now, it seemed to be, since they were dreamt out), Hamish had cherished a little delightful plot: of setting Gerald on his legs again anonymously—of putting him straight with the world, and perhaps something over, that he might see his way at least a little clearer towards a more satisfactory state of household matters for himself and Winny jointly. This had been frustrated through the book's being written down, as already partially told of, and a corner of the grief in Hamish Channing's weary heart was sighing itself out for Gerald's sake. Hamish said not a word of the disappointment to a living soul—we are speaking now in regard to Gerald—his wife had been his sole confidant, and he did not alluded to it even to her. To Hamish, it seemed that there was only the more necessity for helping Gerald, in administering to the necessities of his forsaken wife. And Gerald's wife had invented a pleasant fable. As the weeks went on after Winny came to London, it was not possible but that Gerald should see some one must help her with money. Put to it for an excuse, one day that Gerald asked the question point-blank, and not daring to say it was Hamish or Ellen Charming, Winny declared it was her mother. Gerald stared a little. Mrs. Eales lived somewhere down in Wales, and existed on an annuity of sixty pounds a year. But though he wondered how the good old mère contrived to help Winny so much, or in fact at all, he inquired no farther. She might be reducing herself to a crust and a glass of water a day; might be, for aught he knew, forestalling her income wholesale; Gerald was complacently content to let it be so. And thus matters had been going on: Winny in want always, and Hamish taxing himself and his needs to help her. In September, the office he served offered him a fortnight's holiday, thinking he looked as if he required it. Hamish thanked them, but declined. He had no spirits for taking holiday, and the helping of Gerald's family left him no funds for it. And when Winny burst into Mrs. Channing's one afternoon, with this last confession, that she was utterly penniless, save for the half-sovereign the man threw back, and should be so until Gerald came home weeks hence, telling it in the hearing of her three little girls, her face woe begone, her tears and sobs fit to choke her, Ellen Channing felt annoyed and vexed. Mixed with her compassion for Gerald's wife, there was a feeling that they had already done more for her than they were justified in doing. .Ellen would have liked the fortnight's holiday very much indeed on her own score. A suspicion had begun to dawn upon her that her husband was not so strong as he might be, and she spoke to him. It was only the London heat that made him feel weak, Hamish answered, perhaps really thinking so. Very well, argued Ellen, then there was all the more necessity for getting out of it to the sea-side for a change. And he would have been glad enough to take the change had funds allowed it. Considering that the small amounts of help incessantly ap- plied to the needs of Mrs. Gerald Yorke would have taken them to the sea-side ever so many times over, Mrs. Channing had felt it. And to have this fresh demand made when she had supposed Winny was safe for some weeks to come, to hear the avowal that she wanted money for everthing—food and lodging and washing and sundries, did strike Mrs. Charming as being a little too much. Ellen Channing had been, as Ellen Huntley, reared to liberality. She was large-hearted by nature, open-handed by habit. To refuse to continue to aid Mrs. Yorke in her helpless need, would have gone against her inclination, but to continue to supply her at any cost was almost equally so. What to do, and what Winny would do, she could not think. The first thing was, to take Winny's things off and comfort her for the rest of the day; the next was to send the children to Miss Nelly in the nursery; the third to wait until Hamish came in. He arrived at the usual hour, his face a little brighter than it had been of late. However James Channing might strive to conceal the curious pain—not physical yet, only mental— always gnawing at his heart-strings, and to put on a brave smile before his wife and the world, she detected that all was not right with him. Leaving Winny, on the plea that she would see whether the children were at tea yet, Mrs. Channing followed her husband into his dress- ing-room. He had just dried his hands when she entered, and was turning to the glass to brush his hair. She stood by, while telling him of Winny's piteous state, and the impossibility, as it seemed, that they could do much for her. "Yes we can, Ellen," he said, turning to her with his bright smile, when the recital was over. "I have had a slice of luck to-day." "A slice of luck!" "Even so. You remember Martin Pope, poor fellow, who somehow got down in the world at Helstonleigh, and borrowed a little money from me to get him up in it again?" "Yes, I remember. It was sixty pounds." "Well, Ellen, he has been rather long getting up, but it is really coming at last. He called in at the office this morning, and repaid me the half of the loan. Poor Martin! he is honor- able as the day. He says the not being able to repay me when the bank went worried him terribly; and all the more so, because I never bothered him." "Did you not ask him for it, then?" "No. I was sure he had it not in his power to refund, and so left him in peace. Ellen, if I were dying for money—if I saw my wife and child dying for it—l think I could not be harsh with those who owed it me, where I knew they were helpless in means, though good in will to pay." He had put down the brush, and was taking a small packet of notes from his pocket-book, laughing rather gaily. "I'm like a schoolboy showing his treasures. See, love. Six five-pound notes. We can help Mrs. Winny." Ellen's fair fresh face broke into dimples. "And we can take a holiday, too, Hamish? "Ah, no. At least I can't. That's over." "But why?" "Because, when I declined the holiday, the clerk under me was allowed to take one, and an- other of them is ill. I must stick to my post this year." The dimples hid themselves: the expectant face clouded over. He noticed it. "I am very sorry, Ellen. If you would like to go, and take Nelly and nurse—" "Oh, Hamish, you know I would not," she interrupted, vexed that he should even suggest such a thing. "I only care for it for your sake; for the rest it would be to you." I don't care about it for myself, love." He drew her to him as she passed on her way to quit the room, and kissed her fondly. Even let her hand rest for a moment on his neck; she never looked at him now but a feeling of apprehension darted through her that he was not as strong as he ought to be. Hamish closed the door after her, finished his toilet, and then stood looking from the open window. The world had changed to him for some little time now; the sunshine had gone out of it. That one bitter, cruel review, had been followed up by others more cruel, if pos- sible, more bitter. The leading papers were all against him. How he battled with it at the time, and made no sign, he hardly knew. To heart and spirit it was a death-blow; for both seemed alike to have had their very life crushed out. He went on his way still, fulfilling every duty, every daily obligation, in kindly courteous- ness as of yore, believing that the world saw no- thing. In good truth the world did not. Save that his sunny smile had always a tinge of sad- ness in it, that he seemed to get a trifle thinner, that his voice, though sweet as ever, was low and subdued, the world noticed nothing. Ellen alone saw it: saw that a blight had fallen upon the inward spirit. But she little guessed to what extent Ha- mish himself did not. All he knew was, that a more cruel blow had been dealt to him than he had supposed it possible to be experienced in this life. When by chance his eye would fall on a volume of his work, his very soul seemed to turn sick and faint. It was as if he had cast his whole hopes upon a die, and lost it. His dreams of fame, his visions of that best reward, appreciation, had faded away and left him no- thing but darkness. Darkness, and worse than darkness: for out of it loomed mortification and humiliation and shame. The contrast alone went well nigh to kill him. In the pursuit of his high artistic ideal, he had lived and moved and almost had his being. The ills of life had touched him not; the glorious, expectant as- pirations that made his world shielded him from life's frowns. It is ever so with those rare few whom the Divine gift of genius has made its own. As the grand hope of fruition drew nearer, it had seemed to Hamish, at moments, that realisation had actually come. The laurel- crown seemed to rest upon his head; the longed- for prize all but touched his expectant lips. No wonder, when the knell of all this light and hope and blessedness boomed suddenly out, that the better part of Hamish Channing's life, his vitality, went with it. He worked on still. His papers for the maga- zines were got up as before, for he could not afford to let them cease. Gerald Yorke, bor- rowing here, borrowing there, might go career- ing off in yachts, and pass weeks in idleness, sending work and care to his friend the Deuce; but Hamish and Gerald were essentially dif- ferent men. Even this evening, after Hamish should have dined, he must get to his toilsome work. It was felt as a toil now: the weary pain, never quitting his bosom, took all energy from him. He stood holding the window-curtain in his rather fragile hand; more fragile than it used to be. The sky that evening was very lovely. Bright purple clouds, bordered with an edge of shining gold, were crowding the west; a brigh- ter sheet of gold underneath them seemed as if it must be flooding the other side of the world, to which the sun was swiftly passing, with its dazzling dawn of burnished radience. Hamish could but notice it: it is not often that a sunset is so beautiful. Insensibly, as he gazed, thoughts stole over him of that OTHER world, where there shall be no need of the sun to lighten it: where there shall be no more bitter tears or breaking hearts; where sorrow and trouble shall have passed away. These same thoughts came to him very often now, and always with a kind of yearning. As he took his hand from the curtain, with that deep sobbing sigh, or rather involuntary catching of the breath, which is a sure token of some long- concealed enduring sorrow—for else it is never heard—the signet-ring fell from his little finger. It had grown too large for him— as we are all apt to say. If I don't take care, I shall lose it, thought Hamish. And that would have been regarded as a misfortune, for it had been his father's, the one Mr. Channing always wore and used. This was the third time it had slipped off with a run. Hamish saw his wife's work-box on the table, looked in it, and found some black sewing-silk. This he wound round and round the ring, hastily, for he knew dinner must be ready. Thus secured, he put it on again, and left the room. The children heard his step, and came bounding out of the nursery, Miss Nelly springing into his arms. He kissed her very tenderly; he lovingly put back her golden hair. He took up the other little things and kissed them in turn, asking if they had had love-letters from papa. Looking into the nursery, he inquired whether they had plenty of jam and such-like good things on the tea-table, telling nurse to see that little Rosy, who could not fight for herself, got her share. And then, leaving them with his pleasant nod, his sunny smile, he went to the drawing-room, and gave their mother his arm to take her down to dinner, whispering to her—for she seemed in a low state, her tears on the point of bursting out—that he would make it all right for her until her husband came home. And it was that husband, that father, who had worked him all the ill! Hamish suspected it not. Cowards and malicious ones, such as Gerald, stab in the dark. And so September went on, and October drew near, and by-and-by Mr. Gerald Yorke arrived at home again. Winny, who had no more tact than her youngest infant, the little Rosy, greeted her husband with a flood of tears, and the news of how she had been obliged to pay away the twenty-five pounds in settling his bills. Gerald called her a fool to her face, and frowned aw- fully. Winny only sobbed. Next he demanded, with a few more ugly words that might have been well left out, how the devil she had managed to go on. Between choking and shrink- ing, the answer was nearly inaudible, and Ge- rald bent his head to catch it: she had had a little more help from "mamma." Was Mrs. Gerald Yorke's deceit excusable? Even under the circumstances few may think it so. And yet—it was a choice between this help, and the very worst discomfort that could fall upon her: debt. Winny was shrewd in some things: she knew all about her husband's ill- feeling to Mr. Channing; she knew about the reviews; and she really did believe that if Ge- rald got to hear whence her help had come, he would shake her as he shook Kitty. In her utter lack of moral courage, she could but keep up the deception. But Gerald Yorke had come home in feather, a prize-rose in his button-hole. By dint of plausable statements to Mr. Fuller, he had got that honorable friend to lend him two hundred pounds. Or rather, strictly speaking, to get it lent to him. With this money safely buttoned up in his pocket, Winny's penniless state was not quite so harshly condemned as it might otherwise have been: but when Winny timidly asked for some money to "pay mamma back," Gerald shortly answered that he had none, mamma must wait. And so, at this, the opening of the third part of the story, Gerald Yorke was flourishing. A great man he, in his chambers again, free from duns for a time, giving his wine-parties, entering into the gaieties of social life, with all their waste of time and money. Winny got her rent paid now regularly, and some new bonnets for herself and the children. "I am so glad to hear that you are more at ease, Gerald," Hamish Channing said, meeting him one day accidentally, and speaking with genuine kindness, but never hinting at any debt that might be due to himself. "How have you managed it, old friend?" "Oh—aw—I—paid the harpies a— aw—trifle, and have—aw—got some credit again," an- swered Gerald, evading the offered hand. "Good day. I'm in a hurry." But Gerald Yorke, though flourishing in funds, was not flourishing in temper. Upon one subject it was chronically bad, and he just as angry and mortified as he could be. And that was in regard to his future prospects in the field of literature. Three or four days after his return, he paid a visit to his publishers, san- guinely hoping there might be a good round sum coming to him, the proceeds of his book. Alas for sublunary expectations! The acting partner met him with a severely cold face and very ill news. The flashing laudatory reviews, written (as may be remembered) by Gerald himself or his bosom friends, had not much served the book, after all, in the long run. When they appeared, it caused demands for it to flow in, and a considerable number of copies went out. But when the public got the book, they could not or would not read it; and the savage libra- ries returned the copies to the publishers, wholly refusing to pay for them. They sent them back in shoals; they vowed that the puffing of an utterly miserable book in the extraordinary style this one had been puffed, was nothing less than fraud: some went so far as to say that the pub- lishers and the author and the reviewers ought all to be indicted together, for conspiracy. In short the practical result was, that the book might almost be said to be withdrawn, so few copies remained in circulation. In all respects it was an utter failure. No wonder the unhappy publisher, knowing himself wholly innocent in the matter, smarting under a considerable loss, besides the fifty pounds that ought to have been advanced by Gerald, and never yet had been, no wonder he met Mr. Gerald Yorke with a severe face. The only gratification afforded him lay in telling this, and enlarging rather insultingly on the worthlessness of the book. "You, a reviewer, could not have failed to know it was bad, Mr. Yorke; one that was cer- tain to fail signally." "No I didn't," roared Gerald. "Well, I'd recommend you never to attempt another. That field is closed to you." "What the devil do you mean?—how dare you presume to give me such advice? I shall write books without end if I think fit. My firm belief is that the failure is your fault. You must have managed badly, and not properly pushed the book." "Perhaps it is my fault that the public can't read the book and won't put up with it," re- torted the publisher. Gerald flung away in a temper. A hazy doubt, augmenting his mortification and anger, kept making itself heard: whether this expressed opinion of the book's merits might not be the true one. Hamish Channing, though softening the fiat, had said just the same. Gerald would very much liked to pitch publisher and public into she sea, and Hamish Channing with them. CHAPTER XXIII. ARRIVING AT EUSTON SQUARE. ROLAND YORKE had stuck to his copying. During this autumn, now rapidly passing, when all the world and his wife were off on the wing, spending their money and taking out their fling at pleasure—which Roland thought uncommonly hard on him—he had really put his shoulder to the wheel and drudged on at his evening work. The office had him by day, the folios by night. And if he hindered an evening or two a week by dropping in upon Mr. Greatorex and somebody else who was in Mr. Greatorex's house, he sat up at work when he got home. Truly Roland had learnt a lesson at Port Natal, for this was very different from what he would have done in the old days at Helstonleigh. It could not be said that he was gaining a fortune. The writing came to grief sometimes; Roland was fond of talking as ever by way of recreative accompani- ment to labor, and the result would be that words were left out in places and wrong ones penned in others: upon which fresh paper had to be got, and the sheet begun again. Therefore he was advancing rather more surely than swiftly: his present earnings amounting in the aggregate to two sovereigns! And these were deposited for safety in Mrs. Jones' hands. But Roland is not writing this October even- ing: which, all things considered, was destined to turn out rather a notable one. A remark was made in a former chapter, that Roland, from the state of ecstatic delight he was thrown into by the news that Arthur Channing was about to visit London, did not quite know whether he stood on his head or his heels. Most assuredly that same remark might be applied to him this evening. Upon dashing into his room, a little before 6 o'clock, Roland found on his tea-table a letter awaiting him that had come by the day- mail from Helstonleigh. Recognising Arthur's handwriting, he tore it open, read the few lines it contained, and burst forth into a shout so boisterous and prolonged, that the Rev. Mr. Ollivera, quietly reading in his drawing-room above, leaped off his seat with consternation, fully believing that somebody was on fire. Arthur Channing was coming to London! Then. That same evening. Almost at that very hour he ought to be arriving at the Euston Square Station. Roland did not give himself leisure to digest the why and the wherefore of the journey, or to speculate upon why the sta- tion should be Euston Square and not Padding- ton. Arthur was coming, and that was suffi- cient for him. Neglecting his tea, brushing himself up, star-t ling Mrs. Jones with the suddenness of the tid- ings, which he burst into her room to deliver, Roland set off for the Euston Square terminus. As usual, he had not a fraction of money; that was no impediment to his arriving in time: and the extraordinary manner in which he pushed his way along the streets, striding over or through all impediments, caused a crowd of ragamuffins to collect and follow him on the run, believing that, like Johnny Gilpin, he was doing it for a wager. Charles, the youngest of the Channing family, was coming home overland, viâ Marseilles, from India, where he had an excellent appointment. He had got it at eighteen, two years ago, and been very well until recently. All at once his health failed, and he was ordered home for a six months' sojourn. It was to meet him in London, where he might be expected in a day or two, and take him down to Helstonleigh, that Arthur Channing was now coming. Panting and breathless with haste, looking wild with excitement, Roland went striding on to the platform just as the train came steadily in. It was a mercy he did not get killed. Catching sight of the well- remembered face—though it was aged and altered now, for the former strip- ling of nineteen had grown into the fine man of seven-and-twenty—Roland sprang forward and held on to the carriage. Porters shouted, guards flew, passengers screamed—it was all one to him. Soon they stood together on the platform, hand in hand: but that French customs do not prevail with us, Roland might have hugged Arthur's life out. The tears were in his eyes with the genuineness of his emotion. Roland's love for his early friend, who had once suffered so much for his sake, was no simulated one. The spectators spared a minute to turn and gaze on them—the two notable young men. Arthur was nearly as tall as Roland, very noble and distinguished. His face had not the singular beauty—as beauty—of Hamish's, but it was good calm, handsome; one of those that thoughtful men like to look upon. His grey eyes were dark and deep, his hair auburn. "Arthur, old friend, I could die of joy. If you only knew how often I have dreamt of this!" Arthur laughed, pressing his hand warmly, and more warmly, ere he released it. "I must see after my luggage at once. Roland." "And you are getting on well, Arthur?" "Very. My salary is handsome; and I be- lieve the business, or part of it, will be mine some day. We had better take a cab, Roland. I'll get rid of Gerald's parcel first. This small one is for Hamish. Stay a moment though." He wrote down the name of a private hotel in the Strand, where he intended to stay, re- questing that the portmanteau should be sent there on its arrival. Jumping into a hansom, Roland, who had not recovered his head, gave the address of Gerald's chambers. "And how much leave have you got for Lon- don, Arthur?" "That depends on Charley. If he comes straight on from Marseilles, he may be here in a day or two: but should his health have im- proved on the voyage, he will probably make a stay in Paris. I am to wait for him here until he comes, Galloway says." "Very condescending of Galloway! I dare say he has given you some business to do as well, Arthur." "That's true," laughed Arthur. "I shall be engaged for him all day to-morrow; I have some small accounts to settle for him amidst other things." "Where's the money?" asked Roland, in a resentful tone. Arthur touched the breast-pocket of his under-coat. "I have brought it up with me." "Then I devoutly hope you'll get robbed of it to-night, Arthur, to serve him out! It is a shame! Taking up the poor bit of time you've got in London with his work! That's Galloway all over! I meant to get holiday myself, that we might go about together." "Plenty of time for that, Roland." "I hope so. I've got something to tell you. It's about Annabel. But we are close to Mrs. Yorke's, so I'll not go into the thing now. Oh! and, Arthur, old chum, I'm so vexed, so asha- med, I shan't know how to look you in the face." "Why not?" "I've no money about me to pay the cab. "Twill be a shilling. It's awfully lowering, hav- ing to meet friends upon empty pockets. I'd like to have met you with a carriage and four, with outriders; I'd like to have a good house to bring you into, Arthur, and I've got nothing." Arthur's good, earnest eyes fixed themselves on him with all their steady affection. "You have yourself, Roland, dear old friend. You know that's all I care for. As to funds, I am rich enough to pay for you and myself, though I stayed here for a month." "It's uncommonly mortifying, nevertheless, Arthur. It makes a fellow wish to be back at Port Natal. Mother Jenkins has got two sove- reigns of mine, but I never thought of it before I came out." The cab stopped at Mrs. Gerald Yorke's door, and Roland dashed up with the prize. Mrs. Yorke sat with the youngest child on her lap, the other two little ones being on the carpet. Roland could hardly see them in the dusk of the room. "Its grapes," said he," from Lady Augusta. Arthur Channing says she sent them for Gerald. If I were you, Mrs. Yorke, I should feed the three chickens on them, and just tell Gerald I had done it. Halloa! what's the matter now?" For Mrs. Yorke broke out into sobs. "It was so lonely," she said, by way of excuse. Gerald was away nearly always. To-night he had a dinner and wine party in his chambers. "Then I'm downright glad I didn't deposit the grapes there," was Roland's comment. As to Gerald's leaving you always alone, Mrs. Yorke, I should just ask him whether he called that manners. I don't. Good gracious me! If I were rich enough to have a wife, and played the truant from her, I should deserve hanging. Cheer up; it will all come right; and you'd say so if you had tried the ups and downs at Port Natal. Fredy, Kitty, Rosy, you little pussy cats, tell mamma to give you some grapes." "I'm sure I'd not dare to touch the basket, though the grapes stayed tied up in it till they were rotten," was the last sobbing sound that caught Roland's ears from Mrs. Yorke as he leaped down stairs. Their appearance at Hamish's was unexpected —for Arthur had advertised himself to Roland only—but not the less welcome. Of course Hamish and his wife thought Arthur had come to be their guest, and were half inclined to resent it when he said no. It had been arranged that he should take up his sojourn at a private hotel in Norfolk-street, where he had stayed before; his room had been engaged in it some days past, and Charles would drive to it on his arrival in London. All this was explained at once. And in the pleasure his presence brought, Hamish Channing seemed quite like his own gay self again; his cheeks bright, his voice glad, his whole manner charming. But later, when the excitement had worn itself away, and he calmed down to sobriety and ordi- nary looks, Arthur sat with hushed breath, half petrified at the change he saw. Even Roland, never famous for observation, could but mark it. As if the recent emotion were taking its re- venge, the change in Hamish Channing seemed very, very marked to-night. The hollow face, the subdued voice with its ring of hopelessness, the feverish cheek and hand—all were sad to hear, to feel, to look upon. It was but a brief visit; Arthur did not stay. He wanted to see about his room, and had one or two purchases to make, and expected also to find at the hotel letters to answer. He pro- mised to dine with them on the morrow, and to give them as much time as he could during his stay, which might possibly last a fortnight, he laughingly acknowledged, if Mr. Charley pro- longed his stay in Paris, as he was not unlikely, if well enough, to do. "So you'll probably have enough of me, Hamish," he concluded, as they shook hands. "Roland, he is strangely altered," were the first words spoken by Arthur, when they went out together. "Didn't I tell you so," replied Roland. "It is just what strikes me." Arthur walked on in silence, saying no more of what he thought. It was just as if the heart's life had gone out of Hamish, as if some perpetual weight of pain, that would never be lifted, lay on the spirit. They walked to the Strand, and there Arthur made his small purchases, rendered necessary by the non-arrival of his portmanteau. It was striking 8 by St. Mary's Church, as Roland stood with him at the door of the hotel in Nor- folk- street. "These letters that you expect are waiting for you, and that you have to answer," said he, resentfully, for he thought Arthur's whole time ought to be given to himself on this, the first evening, "what are they? who are they from?" "Only from Galloway's agents, and one or two more business people. I expect they will make appointments with me for to-morrow, or ask me to make them. There may be a letter from Galloway himself. I quitted Helstonleigh an hour before the day-mail left, and I may have to write to him." Roland growled; he thought himself very ill-used. "It is only 8 o'clock, Arthur, and I've said as good as nothing. All you've got to do won't take you more than an hour, I expect. Can't you come at 9 to my lodgings? You'd have the felicity of seeing Mrs. J." "I fear not to-night, Roland." They talked a little while longer, shook hands, and Arthur went into the hotel. Roland, turni- ng away, decided to air himself in the Strand for an hour, and then return to the hotel and get Arthur to come home with him. He had not the smallest objection, taking it in the ab- stract, to spend the time before the shop win- dows. The pawnbrokers and eating-houses would be sure to be open, if no others were. Roland liked the pastime of looking in. De- barred from being a purchaser of desirable things, on account of the state of his exchequer, the next best thing was to take out his fill of gazing at them. Wandering up and down, he had got on the other side of Temple Bar, and had his face glued to the glass of an oyster shop, his mouth water- ing at the delicacies displayed within, when the clock of St. Clement Danes struck out 9. Spring- ing back impulsively with its first stroke, Roland came in awkward contact with a some one, bear- ing on towards the Strand. But the gentleman, who was as tall as himself, seemed scarcely to notice the touch, so absorbed was he in his own thoughts. Save that he put out one of his hands, cased in a lavender glove of delicate hue, and slightly pushed the awkward intruder aside, he took no further heed. The face was never turned, the eyes were never removed from the straight out-look before them. Onwards he passed, seeing and hearing nothing. "What on earth has he been up to?—He looks as scared as though he had met a ghost!" mentally commented Roland with his accustomed freedom, as he stared after the wayfarer. For in him he had recognised Mr. Bede Greatorex. He did not suffer the speculation to detain him. Taking to his heels with the last stroke of the clock, Roland gained the small hotel in Nor- folk-street; into which be bolted head foremost, with his usual clatter, haste, and want of cere- mony, and nearly into the arms of a tall waiter. "I want Mr. Arthur Channing. Which room is he in?" "Mr. Arthur Channing is gone out, sir. " "Gone out!" "Yes, sir. Some time ago." "He found he had no letters to write, and so went on to me," thought Roland, as he shot out again. "And I have been cooling my heels in that precious street, like a booby!" Full speed went he home now, through all the cross-cuts and nearest ways he knew, never slackening it for a moment; arriving there with bated breath and damp hair. Seizing the knocker in one hand and the bell in the other, he worked at both frantically until the door was opened. Mr. Ollivera, flinging up his window above, put out his alarmed head; Mrs. Jones, Miss Rye, two visitors, and the maid Betsey, surrounded the entrance with pale faces, Mrs. J. herself opening the door, Betsey absolutely refusing the office. Roland, without the least explanation or apology, dashed through the group into the parlor. It was dark and empty. "Where's Arthur Channing?" he demanded, darting out again. "Mrs. J., where have you put him?" And when Mrs. J. could gather the sense of the question sufficiently to answer it, Roland had the satisfaction—or, rather, non- satisfaction —of finding that Arthur Channing had not been there. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 