FOUNDATION-STONE LAYING BY LADY EDITH FERGUSSON. The foundation-stone of Christchurch, Strath- albyn, was laid on the afternoon of February 25, by Lady Edith Fergusson, in the presence of a large concourse of spectators. Her Ladyship was accompanied by Sir James Fergusson and his Aid-de-Camp, the Bishop of Adelaide, Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Revs. W. A. Clay- held and C. G. Taplin. The preparatory service having been conducted by the Bishop, Dr. Ferguson handed the trowel to Her Ladyship, who, after the preliminaries, placed the level on the stone, and declared it well and truly laid. In a cavity had been placed a bottle, in which on vellum was the following record:—"The foundation-stone of Christchurch, Strathalbyn, was laid by Lady Edith Fergusson on the 25th day of February, 1870, being the 33rd year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, the Right Honourable Sir James Fergusson, Bart., being Governor-in-Chief of the Province of South Australia, and the Right Rev. Augustus Short, D.D., Bishop of the Diocese, the Trustees being Messrs. Hugh Ferguson, Francis Miller, and Henry Prince. Architects—Messrs. English and Rees." There were also coins of the realm, together with copies of the Register and Advertiser of that day's date, and the Southern Argus of Feb. 19\. The Bishop then declared the stone laid in the faith of God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. After a collection had been made and a hymn sung, the Bishop of Adelaide delivered an ad- dress characterized by liberality of sentiment, and then thanked Lady Edith Fergusson for her kind- ness. The Rev. Dean Russell next spoke, and the benediction was pronounced. Dr. Ferguson stepped forward, bearing a crimson velvet cushion, on which was laid the silver trowel, 'which, in the name of the Trustees, and on behalf of the congregation, he requested Lady Edith to accept, and the presentation was gracefully acknowledged. It was in design and workmanship a fac-simile of the one presented to the Duke of Edinburgh on laying the founda- tion-stone of Prince Alfred College, and bore the inscription, " Presented to Lady Edith Fer- gusson, on her laying the foundation-stone of Christchurch, Stratlialbyn, 25th February, 1870." At half-past 4 a public tea was held at the schoolroom of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, when about 100 partook of a bountiful spread; At half-past 6 the Bishop preached at the Court- House to a crowded audience. The choir, led by Mr. W. Fisher on the harmonium, sang some choice selections during the various ser- vices. The collection on the ground in the after- noon amounted to £23 3s. 8d., and the day's total proceeds to ,£32 2s. ROMAN CATHOLIC BAZAAR. — The second bazaar in connection with the building fund of St. Laurence's Church, North Adelaide, was opened in the Town Hall, on Saturday afternoon, February 26. The stalls, six in number, were neatly ornamented with evergreens. The attend- ance, owing no doubt to the dullness of the times, was not large. The stalls were pre- sided over—No. 1, by Mrs. Butler and Miss Ryan; 2, Mesdames Delany and Egan, and Misses Upton, James, and Sullivan; 3, Mrs. Sullivan and the Mrs. Marra, McCarron, and Gowan ; 4, Mesdames Fitzgerald and Mullaney, and the Misses Mullaney (2), Shinners, Harman, Pearson, and Clark; 5, Mrs. Barry, and the Misses Elwood, McCarthy (2), Liddy, Barry, aud Hynes; 6, Mrs. Claude, and the Misses Morris and Fanning. The refreshment stall was superintended by Mrs. Schmid, assisted by Miss Burford. Amongst the most noticeable articles in the Hall were, in No. 1 Stall, two firescreens and two ottomans, worked in raised wool by Mrs. Butler and Miss Ryan. In No. 2 Stall a fine oil painting of the Pope, by Mr. Upton. No. 3 Stall exhibited a handsome chair, wool-worked by Miss McCarron; and a table cloth similarly executed, by Miss Mara. In No. 4 was shown an elegant ottoman, made by Miss Mullaney; and in No. 5 a chair, by the Misses McCarthy; while No. 6 also exhibited a neat ottoman. In consequence of the small atten- dance the sales were not brisk, although the fair vendors were not backward in attempting to secure " victims" for their raffles, lotteries, and fortune bags. The Concordia Band played in- strumental music for about an hour in the early part of the evening, and after their departure Miss Morris several times presided over the piano with her accustomed ability and brilliancy. The bazaar was continued on Monday and Tuesday with good success. 