UNDER THE SPELL. BY FIREDERI?K WILLIAM ROUINSON. t CHArTER XXIX. Six years have worked their changes in Mrs. Mernott and her daughter, as well as in other characters flitting across these troubled pages. Six years change all of us. There is nothing remarkable in looking back and seeing on the path we have tracked the disappointments, the loot friends, the good resolutions which were strong within us once, and are now but ghosts to haunt us. Nations change, and kingdoms rise and fall in six long years: why should we murmur if our friends be less, and our fortunes sink away? Friends and fortune hang but lightly on the tree of life-a rough hand may shake them down as surely as a flash from heaven may blast the tree. Mrs. Mernott's fortune had drifted away since the date of her interview with Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford, and taught her a lesson in rash confidence; the savings of a life had been decamped with by a fraudu lent solicitor, and the better days had sud denly been replaced by the worse. Six years had not made much difference in Mrs. Mernott's outward appearance. She was an old lady who bore her years well, and whose back had not given way to either time or trouble. Tall and straight, and with her face only more deeply lined, she seemed still the firm inflexible Mrs. Mer nott we left behind in Dorsetshire, plan ning her daughter's flight from danger. And the daughter had escaped the supposed danger, and was fair to look upon. Six years had brought the girl of seventeen to womanhood, made her more thoughtful, subdued the voice that carolled so blithely in old times. Six years had kept mother and daughter silent concerning the young man who came wooing to the cottage on the road to Dorchester; one explanation had been sufficient to end every dream of the maiden, wake her to a sense of deceit, and stir her heart with indignation against it. Mrs. Mernott had not disguised matters rather had added to them, lest her daughter should mourn for that which was irrecover able. She had spoken of Mr. Lanceford's visit, and Mr. Lanceford's fear of his son's rash engagement; and had in her anxiety for Cicely rather over-coloured the father's pride and fears, and added to his sketch of his son's wilfulness and weakness. Cicely became aware of the galling truth that Ford was a false name, and that the little she had heard from Mr. Ford of his family was an untrue statement. As the story was told by her mother, she could but see a studied plan of Edmund Lanceford's to deceive, in stead of a halo of romantic mystery which his fancy had drawn round him for a few weeks till he was quite sure of herlove. It was well her love-dream had not lasted a great while. She should soonbe able to for get him and the harm that perhaps he in tended her. He was a gentleman's son, and too high for her, oven had he ever thought of marriage with an actress's daughter. "Don't tell me his real name, mamma," she had said to her mother; "let me forget him, and' everything concerning him. Let the subject drop for ever between us. I feel I shall soon recover this little blow to my pride, and be the real Cicely again. I -I was never engaged to him, and be-he never loved me, did he ?" Oicely broke down in tears and sobs, and then the love-dream was over for once and aye. The name of Lanceford had been never mentioned to her, and now the book was sealed and the story buried deep. Oicely was scarcely eighteen years of age, and in the early stage of courtship love does not prey long on the damask cheek. She had learned her lesson of life at an early age, and it made her grave and womanly before her time; but it did not break her heart or mar her beauty. Was it the spirit of re sentment that two years afterwards made her think so much of the stage? or was it the kindling of the genius inherited from her mother? It is certain, at least, that Shaks pears became her study, and that each of Shakepeare's heroines she strove to imper sonate in turn, following the life and char acter, and striving in secret-as the brother of her first love was striving too-to impart reality to the sorrows or passions that moved her. Still she had no thought of a stage career; and her mother, who saw with a few pangs her young life and ambitions before her again, did not do much to checklr her fantasy. There were times even when carried away with past associations she gave her own conception of a character and offered Oicely unconsciously a lesson in stage art. When the crisis came, and the moderate fortune that kept mother and daughter independent of the world was swept away, Cicely's thoughts began to as sume a settled form, and the stage, as a means of subsistence, to approach nearer her waking life. Even then the mother re coiled; for the stage is a sphere of tempta tion to many, notwithstanding many of its followers have kept their lives pure and their names honoured. No matter our love for the stage, and our friends in.the profes sion, we would not care to see our sons and daughters before the footlights; and even those who have reaped laurels there- fame and riches and esteem-do not, as a rule, beckon their children to take the same road. Granted that the stage be a moral teacher, and that by holding the mirror up to nature lessons may be taught there, the way to honour indicated, and virtue and goodness reverenced (all this when English authors are encouraged to write, and translations from the French are not patronised exten sively,) still, life behind the scenes is false and showy, and there are many tempters there. Mrs. Mornott was not afraid of the tempters in Cicely's case; but she objected to the career her daughter was anxious to follow. Late hours, the company of a mixed class, the unreal life, the falso excitement, warned her that it was not a wise step; but necessity knows no law. Cicely was cer tainly a genius; and it was an opportunity for saving herself and mother from the poverty that hung over them. The world had not forgotten the name of Mornott yet; and the daughter could stop forward with a name that had already commanded atten tion. It was resolved upon with a sigh, and the mother became at last the teacher of her child. Provious to this final resolution, mother and daughter had met by chance Nathan Lanceford. Nathan at that time was taking lessons in oratory at the house of a friend of Mrs. Mernott's; and thus another of the house of Lancoford came auoross the path of theMernotts. The old lady treated the young stage disciple with some hauteur on their first acquaintance; but Nathan's love for the profession, his interest in stage matters, his undisguised intention of making the stage his profession, and his Utopian idea of a theatre of his own, where English art alone should be encouraged, and where all the virtues under the sun should be con centred in his company, interested the old lady by degrees in his favour. Here was a Lanceford who turned not away from players as a class unworthy of his note; but even sought to be a player himself, despite those prospects in life which lay fairer before him. It was like retribu tion on that father's pride which had so deeply wounded her in years past; for that father's past sins, when he was a man of the world, and fell in love with an actress him self. Still, the fear of a closer intimacy with this new Lanceford, reviving the old story, and betraying the relationship, led her to shun Mr. Nathan Lanceford as much as pos sible. But was it retribution also that brought Nathan Lanceford constantly across her path after the first interview-retribu bution on herself as well as on the owner of the Limes? Strange were the events that seemed to bring Nathan constantly before her, until suspicions that there was some thing more than chance in the meetings set her thinking of plans to foil the young player's schemes. Then her daughter's resolution to adopt the stage as a profession, together with similarity of pursuits, and a similarity more strange in their both work ing for a first appearance, made Uicely Mer nott and Nathan Lanceford friends. And this friendship continued and strengthened, and the mother gave up her efforts to part them, perhaps thought a little prudently (for she was poor now, and Cicely was an only child,) that a match between them, when this young man was his own master, would not be the worst thing that could happen to her daughter. Oicely Mernott, absorbed in her professional studies, did not dream of Nathan Lanceford's heart being touched by her charms; and a lady more on the look out for a lover would have been long un decided by Nathan's grave demeanour. There was a method in his madness-for is it not madness, and are any of us quite sane when under the spell ?-extremely deceptive, a gravity of speech, and a matter-of-fact business-like air that betrayed not the secret by so much as a glance. -Nathan had his quiet way of wooing; he was content to wait years so that he gained his ground slowly; it was the best way, he thought, of making sure of her at the last. This slow progress even helped to deceive the watchful eye of Mrs. Mernott, and to keep her in something like suspense concerning his intentions. She had been deceived in one Laneeford; a second should not take his place in her home and deceive her also. She was not need lessly alarmed; for some subtle tests where with her daughter's heart had been tried, assured her that all was well in that quarter, and that Mr. Lanceford's quiet attentions had not disturbed her daughter's composure. So time had gone on till the amateur per formance had offered to lover and maiden an opportunity of testing how far they were warranted by genius in appearing on the stage and selecting it as their profession. The result we have seen; the further result of Nathan's early visit to the Mernotts the next morning we have yet to see. It affects the fortunes of more than one of the Lance ford family. It was nine in the morning, an early hour for morning calls, unless business was as t urgent as that of Nathan Lanceford's. " Good-morning, Mr. Lanceford; I did not expect to find you so early a riser after your 1 last night's success." "There were many reasons why I should rise early this morning, Madam. I trust 1 Miss Mernott is well?" "Quite well, thank you. I have insisted on keeping her a prisoner to her room for an hour or two longer this morning. By that means she will avoid a host of embarrassing congratulations on a success I never doubted," added the old lady somewhat egotistically. "Hers has been a great success," muttered Nathan; and then looked on the carpet, fidgeted with his feet and hands, and finally relapsed into the old round-shouldered stooping position. "Have you breakfasted, Mr. Lance ford ? " "Thank you-yes." After a pause of considerable duration, Mrs. Mernott asked if Nathan had really re solved on adopting the stage as a profes sion ? " Yes, Madam. It is a great profession; I think there is material within it that may, by energy and perseverance, be turned to good account. There is room for great re form therein; and I hope at some future day to be a humble instrument towards raising the stage to the rightful position it do serves." Mrs. Meornott smiled at the young man's enthusiasm. She knew too well the difficul ties in the way of the enterprise to believe in its success. "May I ask if you have communicated these ideas to your father?" she inquired. "My father?" said Nathan, surprised at the question. "No, madam." "He has no love for the stage- would not care to see his son seeking fame thereon." "I was not aware that you knew my father, Mrs. Mornott." "I have been in his company once or twice," was the reply. "I am twenty-one, and my own master," said Nathan. "However much I may re spect Mr. Lanceford, I cannot think that he has a right to oppose the great ambition of my life, or to choose in that life a sphere for me which may be particularly distasteful. Candidly, I believe this resolve of mine will pain him a great deal. I regret it; but my resolution is unchangeable." Nathan looked like his father in his stern est moods as he spoke. The brow con tracted, the features set, as Mrs. Meornott watched him. Nathan was evidently the firmost and the hardest of the Lanceford family. "Mrs. Mornott," he continued, "let me speak of a second ambition of my life,-a greater one, without which all other hopes are valueless to me. I have known your daughter for some years. I have learned to love her with all my heart, and I have come this morning to beg your consent to my efforts to win her." Nathan spoke simply and earnestly, and Mrs. Mernott listened attentively. When he had conocludo Phe said: "You are still a very young man, and there are many reasons that say 'no' to a premature engagemennt. Your father again ? " " Must not interfere with my happiness," was the quick response. "The probability of my daughter Cicely objecting to your attentions and declining to accept them." " Madam, I sue alone at present for your permission to address her; I would not alarm her or ruin my own hopes by a pre mature avowal of my love. I believe such a proposal at this moment might be preju dicial to my interests. I ask but time and your consent." * "Mr. Lanceford, you have been fair with me-it is but honest to answer fairly in re turn. I believe my daughter has but thought of you as a friend-that the task of winning her may be a hard one." "I do not fear the hardness of the task; I am a patient man, and have hope." "Allow me to continue,", said Mrs. Mer nott. " Your father is a proud man, and will object strongly to the engagement that you propose hereafter. My knowledge of human nature tells me that you will have to choose between him and Cicely, and that a marriage with my daughter may peril your inheritance." "I am aware of it," was the quiet re sponse. "And it does not shake you in your pur pose. You are brave, and more honest than your brother." Nathan coloured, and for the first time there was a faltering in his voice. "I-I wished to speak of him,".he said. "You know his story then;-that your elder brother loved, or feigned to love, my daughter once ?" "Yes, madam, I have heard the story." The old lady's eyes flashed behind her glasses. "He was a coward.. What his intentions were towards my girl, God knows. There was much of deep design beneath his apparent frankness; and his conduct has ever been a mystery to me. Still he was but a youth; time has sobered him, I trust." " Itrust time goill sober him," Was the insidious answer. Mrs. Mernott was quick to. detect the evasion. "Still untrustworthy and false, then, Mr. Lanceford. For the present, for a long time hence, I forbid the mention of your brother's name to my Cicely. You must promise me that reservation until I give you leave to speak." " I promise." Nathan sat with a face of ashen whiteness now; he had nothing to urge in defence of him he loved next to Cicely Mernott. To speak in his favour, to prove that Edmund's passion had been deeper and more true than his years warranted, was to destroy. his own bright chance. Nay, could he not strengthen it, and was not the temptation too great to withstand ? "He is going to be married." "Indeed," was the cold reply; I hope that he has chosen well." The interview between Mrs. Mernott and Nathan did not close here, although over the subject of Edmund Lanceford dropped at once the curtain. The pride of the mother, the shame of the brother, pre vented a discussion which might, even at so late an hour, have worked a change. But it was not to be; and Nathan had seoon for gotten Edmund in his exultation at gaining the consent of Mrs. Mernott to win her daughter if he had the power. For, with something like a sigh, Mrs. Mernott had given her consent at last. She was a proud woman, and the father of that young man facing her had, grievously., of fended her in times pest.. But she had fallen from her high estate since then, was grow ing old, and would have to leave her daughter alone in the world,-and in such a world ! Pride must not stand before her daughter's prospects in the future. It was a singular match, but it was a good one; and there was but one condition attached to her consent to Nathan's wooing, that of keeping secret from Cicely the relationship between the old lover and the new. "No good can arise from it," she reasoned " and much harm may ensue. I have no knowledge of my daughter's heart; I have not sought to pry inquisitively into its depths. The feelings are deeply hidden till the word is spoken that brings them to light,' or proves that they are untouched. If she ever loved him, she may regard him kindly yet; and if she think he acted cowardly, it will not interest her in your favour to learn that you are his brother. Leave it to time." Nathan acquiesced; and before he went away that morning Cicely Mernott entered and shook hands with him; took a seat by her mother's side, and entered into the sub ject of yesterday's triumphs. It was a sub ject that interested all, and made all elo quent, for it led them on to talk of the future so sanguinely that the mother had to check these young people, and assure them there was much ground still to gain before the theatrical world would consider them stars. But Cicoly was in high spirits, and would not be checked by lugubrious prophecies. She had saved her mother from poverty, and would be able to make some little return Snever enough-for the mother's love . and care since she was a little fatherless child no higher than the table. She thought not of her own fame at that moment; and the tears were in the mother's eyes as she looked across at Nathan. It was a looke that seemed to say: -"You areo of higher birth, young man, but you are not worthy of her yet; " and Nathan felt that he was not, and saw. in the path before him the face of the brother again mournful and accusing. And that face started to life suddenly in the street without. Nathan had left the Mernotte, and was a few paces from the house wherein was the object of his hopes, when EdmundLanceford, with flushed face, with his hair disordered, and with the ends of his neckerchief untied and streaming, suddenly stood before him. "Where are you going ?" asked Nathan, almost fiercely. "I have found her address. I am going to seek her again; but once, and then an end to all my follies." " For what purpose do you seek her ?" "To lot her know that I am not the false hound she still considers me; that I did love her with all my heart, and would have died for her; that it was a man's strong passion, not a child's. Why do you stand in my way?" "what good will thin do?" "It will do good to my name-to my word. I have not lightly learned to value either yet." S"Ned, it will harm her." "How do you know that ?" "I know her- love her-she's my pro mised wife!" Edmund glared fiercely at his brother for a moment; then his features softened, and he said less widly : SYou are engaged to her, Nat ?" "Yes," was the low response. " So-so-let a fellow think a little. Give ne'your arm, Ned, and lead me like a blind fool down some quiet street." "Shall we go home?" "Not yet." They walked together a few steps, and *turned into a narrow street on their right, where the deserted pavement rang with the echo of their footfalls. "Ihad a hint of this last night, Nat; but I did not think it had gone so far as this, or 'that you were engaged to be married to Mrs. -Mernott's daughter. It is a strange affair-strangely brought about." . ",Yes, it is strange," murmured Nathan. "Well, she has forgotten me, and I can not accuse her of breaking vows that were never uttered between us. I won't talk of love's freemasonry, of the few words and looks that were love to me at least. This is not an ideal world, God knows." "What did you think of doing? " "Anything-nothing-let the dead rest. Health to you, Nathan Lanceford. I stand not between you and your hopes. You can do my memory justice in the future; I'm in no hurry now. Leave it to time." 'Leave it to time! They were Mrs. Mler nott's own words, given as a warning, offered here' as a hope that Nathan would do his brother justice at some future day,-justice. Nathan nodded his head, but a stifling sensation in his throat would not let him answer. "I should have troubled her for nothing. 'What a godsend has your presence been, and from what pain have you eaved me. Nat, do you know I had some wild hopes of winning Cicely back again? Now I turn like the prodigal, and go slap- dash at the new life beyond-the better life, oeh, Nathan ? " "I hope so." . "Looking back again has nearly made a "stone of me. I'm the prince in the fairy tale, and have had a narrow escape. Stern and resolved now to that life; not another step to the right or the left till Edmund Lanceford, benedict, is on fait accompli. Here in this street I leave my mideummer madness, starting hence sober and practical. 'See how easily a firm will can shatter the spell that befoole one. Good-bye, old chap. What have you to look grim about?" "I don't know. You have surprised me -disturbed me. I'm not well." "You are a happy lover basking in sun shine. The one little blur on the landscape I take away freely, cheerfully, for the sake of that brother who loves me a little, is it not so?" "Yes," groaned Nathan. "He said so once when he lent me money to speed me in my love-chase. Lucky for him now that following the shadows; lucky for me, too, who knows? Good-bye." "'Good-bye, Ned." Edmund wrung his brother's hand hard before'he parted from him, and walked sharply down the street, leaving his brother the heavy burden. Once, stung as it were by his own conscience, or prompted by that brother's love which had been just alluded to, Nathan cried "Edmund;" but the voice was weak, and Edmund passed on and heard not. 'Two days afterwards there flashed along the wires from brother to brother the follow ing brief message: "Wish me joy, Nathan. Married to Kitty this morning." OHAPTER XXX. Two years and a half after the meeting of the brothers in the London streets, Mr. Edmund Harlington Lanceford of the Limes, Doiset, returned from a long tour on the continent. The restless spirit that had taken him abroad brought him once morn into the old vortex, wherein so much of good in his nature had been whirled away or hopelessly confounded. Stillit was scarcely restlessness that had kept him for so long a time from England; he had grown tired of his native place, and wearied with the remorseless hand that had baffled his plans, and thrust them back on himself. Edmund had mar ried his coachman's daughter and gone his own way; Nathan had turned to the stage as a profession, and was masquerading under a strange name; Willie had proceeded to college, and it was awfully dull in the great house alone. He had resolved to leave England for a time. A foreign scene, a milder climate had been recommended her who chose between her daughter and him self, and lost one chance of good even at the last. He would take her abroad, and wait there till Willie was a man, to go his selfish way like all the rest of them. He had travelled to Italy, where the wo man who had sacrificed so much for him, and for whom, in his narrow conceit, he thought he bad sacrificed so much himself, grew weaker and more weak, died, and was buried in the stranger's land-broken up by the fate of which she deemed herself the slave. Mr. Lanceford had wandered about the continent for the two years and a half we speak of, returning more than once to the grave of her who had shared a guilty life with him, and standing thereat a strange and earnest mourner. And yet the passion that had sacrificed so much for the iactress had died out years ago, and left her but a sinful weight upon his soul-a weight, which his mistaken sense of honour would not let him set aside. In old time he had chosen between her and his wife; he had not brought his wife to shame, like the mistress, and she could bear the world better alone. His was a life of great mis takes-the Lord have mercy on him, he mut tered sometimes in the few remorseful mo ments that startled him upon his downward road. We say the few remorseful moments, for we have seen that he was not a man to succumb long to the horrors; there was a refined selfishness by which he escaped to a lighter sphere, and deferred the evil and the true repentance till the morrow. Even when the horrors came, we know that he was inclined to believe himself the wronged, and reason concerning the temptations which had beset him and left other men free inclined to believe that he had done his best in life to be good, and when the effort failed, to make amends for all the evil he had caused. Looking back at the ghastly off spring of his Binu-counting link by link the long chain which that sin had forged-lhe could recoil, and wish life again from the outset, when his feet had not strayed and there was yet time to escape. He called that repentance! He came back to England a trifle more grave, looking a trifle more old; but his friends and acquaintances met the same Mr. Lanceford they had always known-an easy, affable, philosophical gentleman, whose com pany was worth the seeking, and who rallied good company round him. Mr. Lanceford's pride would not allow the world to see that he was a suffering and disappointed man; his pride was in his composure-that was the acme of his philosophy. His oldest son had made an ill-assorted match; he cut the heavy branch from the parent tree and stood proudly free from the disgrace. His second son had dropped the gentleman and turned player; and another branch was hewn away, and all the green young hopes left trailing in the dust. Setting out for Italy, the news of Nathan's stage success had reached his ears, and over the news he had muttered "two less," and drawn the cloak of his stoicism round him with a little shudder. His sons had shown them selves firm and hard in their selfishness so be it, he would be firm and hard him self! Seeing so many ambitions fail, he had not much confidence in his youngest son proving a better man than the rest. Willie was the child of one whom he had deeply wronged. That boy must sink away like the others-it was retribution. His mother would tell him her story and wean him away in the bad time to come, or he would grow self-willed and self-indulgent like his half- brothers like himself! But his heart thrilled with a vague hope when Willie met him at the grand house in Mayfair, and shook him warmly by the hand, saying how glad he was to see the face of his sire again. It was worth two years and a half of a restless life abroad drowning thought, to see that son's face and hear his truthful voice. He had not remembered his eyes filling and his lip quivering for many years; he knew he de served that son's respect least of all his children's. Twenty-one years of age, and still affec tionate and reverent; less of the child, more of the companion, even the son. It was inconsistent with the stern law which gov erned his, the father's life, and shadowed it. For the sake of the young man fresh from college, where he had gained honours and reaped laurels, he condescended in that first meeting to hear news of his other sons. He would have repelled that news from a stranger, for his pride's sake; but William Lanceford was anxious that he should hear, and by hearing, an opportunity to teach a moral to the one son left him might possibly occur. Edmund had been in England some months-he, his wife and child. They had been travelling since the marriage on the continent. Mr. Lanceford was aware of it. At Baden-Baden he had seen Edmund Lance ford at the faro- table; he once brushed by him and his wife in the streets of Antwerp. Kitty made him a good wife; she was very fond of him, and they were happy enough, Willie thought. "Was he steady?" Mr. Lanceford con descended to inquire. Well, pretty fair. Edmund always was a little light, Mr. lanceford knew; fond of racing and boating, and so forth; but he was a fair specimen of a husband. Kitty was very fond of him, Willie repeated. Mr. Lanceford frowned. He would ig nore the existence of Kitty-the plebeian name curdled his blood each time his son pronounced it. He asked if Willie saw him often, and learned that Willie had visited him almost every day since he had left Cam bridge, a piece of information at which Mr. Lanceford frowned slightly again. "Do not let him teach you the sin of in gratitude-the art of turning away from the father and thinking it right and manly to oppose every wish." "You may trust me, sir." "Ay, I must trust the one hope left to the evil example, praying it may escape the con tagion that kills every good." Mr. Lanceford launched out this remark solemnly, and left its effect to work on Willie. He would not interdict Willie's visit to Edmund; he feared the force of his interdict now; he would disguise his wish in the few dreamy words that were handy at the moment. William Ernest Lanceford found his father less inclined to hear the particulars of Nathan's success as a tragedian, and l Nathan's resolve to shortly open a theatre of his own. He nodded his head slightly, without hazarding a remark, and turned the subject.as soon as possible to Willie's own life and resolutions. "Your cousin Amy? Is that young lady still the ruling star to worship and admire ?" he asked, almost playfully. Willie blushed as ingenuously as if he were still only eighteen years of age. "To be sure, sir. I told you I should keep true, and that time would not change me." "And the lady is true, too? Two years and a half have not rendered her tired of thy merits?-and she was a school-girl, who had seen nothing of the world! But it is a new world, to which I am a stranger-a world of greater faith." Willie did not admire his father's satire, but he had no reply ready at the moment. He would not launch into raptures concern ing Amy's constancy. Strangely enough, he had not seen Amy for six months; and, though ho had not a single doubt concerning the state of Amy's heart, yet he did not care to discuss the subject with a sceptical father. He had been thinking of Amy already that evening; of his meeting her in a few days, when she returned with his mother and relatives from Searboro'. He had intended a holiday at the sea-side himself, until his father's letter apprised him of his return, and expressed a desire to meet him at May fair. He .spoke of the Pembercasts at Scarboro' to his father; but Mr. Lanesford dismissed the subject, and the conversation flagging, shortly afterwards dismiseod the son, and sat over his wine, indulging in one of his deepest reveries. The restless fever had not entirely left this man, for the next morning, before Willie had risen, Mr. Lanceford was on his way to Scarboro'. Ho would not write a line to Willie before his departure, lest that young gentleman should think of Bcarboro' too, and fly off in esarcb of his cousin. Ho would leave his son in suspense, wondering what had become of him. A meeooting on the Yorkshire coast might be difficult to explain. Was it difficult to explain to himself. Could he have assigned a sufficient reason for his eccentric journey? Weeas it any thought of a wife deserted, or any curiosity, easy to satisfy in town, concerning the future wife of the one son left to him? Did he feel as if his own life had ended, and it was time to think of Willie's ere a rash marriage made it a copy of his own ? Three days were spent at the Yorkshire watering-plaee-mysterious days with which we have nothing to do at present. Suffice it to say, they seemed at first days begun with no end in view, no settled purpose, but that they took ahape, and set him more earnestly to work than he had oven deemed. Before the week was out he was back in Mayfair, alleging to Willie, as a reason for his flit tings, the plea of sudden and important business ; and the same train that brought him to London bore his wife and his wife's family also-brought back Mr. Pembercast's gout too, which change of air had only ag gravated this time, and Mrs. Pembercast's luggage, which was of a heavy character, that lady being afflicted, pro te?oporo, with a photographic mania that necessitated two cameras and a ton of chemicals accompany ing her wherever she went,-brought back Amy Pembercast, tall, and ladylike, and graceful, no longer the school- girl with whom Willie had fallen in love at Melcombe Regis. Mr. Lanceford made no remark on the Pembercasts when Willie resumed his wooing, and went frequently to Uncle Pem bereast's house. Once or twice he seemed to study the expression of his son's features as Willie came into his room to bid him good night. The features wore generally radiant enough, and spoke of the contented mind of their possessor; but still Mr. Lanceford watched for deeper signs, and was in no hurry for the change. A month after Mr. Lanceford's arrival in England an alteration appeared in Willie, a slight shadow, and a little contraction of the brow that escaped not the keen, quiet observation of the sire. "You are looking dull, Willie," he said, one night when Willie had returned at a late hour. "Only tired, sir-nothing more." "Has there been a party, at the Pember cast's ? " inquired Mr. Lanceford, remarking the soiled kid gloves which his son was ab sently drawing from his pocket and decorating the mantel-piece with. "No, sir; a party at Mr. Perks's." "Perks; ah, that is the new partner, is it not? Pembercast, Perks, and Son. Who is the son?" " Harry Perks, sir, an old schoolfellow of mine." Have you not spent a pleasant evening with these Perkses, that you stand there with such a woeful countenance?" "I've no woeful countenance, sir," re plied Willie, with a short laugh. "I've nothing to disturb me save a little uncer tainty," added he, after a pause. "Concerning Miss Pombercast ?" "No, concerning the future life of Wil liam Ernest Lanceford, Esq.," said he; " what it will be like, and when Amy .will share it with me." "Bravely spoken, Willie. I am glad to see you are not afraid to make the father the confidant. Let us speak of the future life in the first place. What do you wish ? " "I don't know. I have been thinking of the church somewhat seriously. I think I might make a fair minister." "It is a life of trial, and unless your heart is wholly in the work it is a life misspent. You are my only son now. With your chances in life you should be something behotter than a country parson." "What do you propose ?" "I have not seriously considered it. I will reflect upon the matter," said Mr. Lanceford, evasively. "There is parlia ment open, thanks to our county interest; but you are young, and there is time before you." "But, sir, I-" and Willie stopped and coloured. " Ah! you are anxious to stand in the world your own master-an honourable de sire, and yet one at which I shrink. The world is an enemy that stands between fa ther and son, and parts them irrevocably. Let the son seek the world, strike his path therein, and leave the father alone-lo, there is no more meeting this side the grave " " You are wrong, sir." " May my youngest son prove an excep tion to the rule. I will trust him. He must not think that I have been attempting to defer his independence. Yesterday I con sulted my solicitor as to the best means of effecting it." "You are very good, sir," said Willie. "When you are your own master you will ask Miss Pembercast to be your wife." "You do not object to that now, sir ?" "She comes of a respectable family, and she does not object?" "Why no, sir. Have we not been en gaged, or as good as engaged, these three years ?" "Ah ! as good as engaged. Some promise based on contingencies, was it not ? If she kept the same mind, or if you did not swerve from your youthful allegiance?" "And Lam anxious to make her all my own, sir. I--" " Twenty-one is an early age to marry. I cannot honestly give my coneent for one more year, Willia Ernest. Imitate your brother Edmund's example, and marry with out it, if you wish." "I do not wish that, sir; but one more year after so long a trial ! I hope you will consider it again." "The next year is the great test. You are at man's estate, and have the world to meet." "But, sir, do you think I shall love Amy less for that ? " "Amy Pombercast is a woman now, only a year and a half your junior. Let her meet the world, too, and be tempted. If she he true, twelve months will soon pass; if she fall in love with a new face, so much the better for you that it has happened before changing her name." "Well, a year is not a very long time," said Willie; "and a year it shall be to the day, if I can manage it. Why it would have taken six or nine months as it is." " Possibly." "And it is comfortable to know the day is settled," said Willis, rapidly making the best of his position. "I'll sos Aunt Poem bercast to-morrow, end tell her thil dayyoar, sir. I don't think that she'llput me off any longer, nor Amy either." "Ha! Amy deferred the day of her hap piness, then ?" "Why, she's-she's young, and modest, and timid, Mr. Lancoford," said Willie, "and it is a grave question to suddenly say yes to." "True enough." "And by the way, sir, now we are on the subject of that marriage, I may as well allude to a wish of my mother's. She would be very dull at the Pembereasts with out Amy or me. When we are married I think she will live with us." Willie had never spoken thus boldly of his mother. That was a subject to be shunned in the father's presence, and the son had over scrupulously avoided it. But he was a man now, and felt that his mother had some claim upon him, He would not thrust her name forward defiantly;. for lie knew that his father must bear a certain amount of pain with its introduction; but lie had thought of his mother's wishooes a great deal, and he was anxious that nothing like secrecy should attach to his actions. To his surprise, Mr. Lanceford received the communication without any excitement. He was grave and calm, and he replied "That will part us more than I could wish-that will keep your doors barred against me, William." "But Amy and I intend long visits to the Limes; we shall make that our country house, sir. And besides, sir, I have had a strange hope lately that----" "Do not tell me of that hope," he inter rupted. " I have heard too much of your hopes already. This new one may be as illusive as the rest. I am tired." Mr. Lanceford would hear no more, and Willie went thoughtfully to his room, wish ing his father were not always so full of forebodings. "As illusive as the rest," that was an ugly observation that told of the little faith the father had in the son's future happiness. As if he should not be happy despite a hundred Harry Perkses. What made him think of Harry Perks at that time ?-had Harry Perks been too attentive to Amy at the party, and had not Amy discouraged him sufficiently? It was a question as ugly as the father's observa tion, and he shook it away like a suggestion of doubt that the devil might have whis pered in his oar. He had perfect confidence -his was a mind free from petty suspicions. If Amy had danced and talked with Mr. Perks, that was not flirtation, and it did his heart good to see her happy. If, as Nathan once remarked in the times past, there was a spell upon the Lancefords that rendered them unwise in their choice and unhappy in their loves, he was the exception to the rule. Life seemed very bright beyond the present -he could see the fairy figure of his cousin standing afar off and making all the future radiant! (To be continued.) 