ITALY. ? A ? ANALYSIS OF THE FOURTH PUB LIC SESSION, FROM THE OFFI CIAL LIST. (From the 1 ablet.) There were present m ftome on tlie 18th of July, 48 Cardinals ; of these 42 voted Placet ; 2 Mattei and Orfei, were ill ; 4, viz., Schwarzenberg, Rauscher, Mathieu, and Hohenlohe, were voluntarily absent from the Council Hall. Of 8 Patriarchs actually in Rome, 6 said Placet ; % Antioch, of the Greek Melchite rite, and Babylon, of the Chaldean rite, were : ill or voluntarily absent. ] Of Primates, 9 took part in the Council ; i -6 said Placet ; 1, Salerno, was absent through \ illness, but known as an infallibilist ; 2 were V i/LUUVUlliJ GWOVAiU, Tiutj ULur.t hum ajj uuui Of Archbishops, there are 103 on the offi cial list \ of these 5 were absent through ill ness ; 80 voted Placet, and 18 were volun tarily absent. Of the Bishops, there were 440 on the of ficial list ''of ?the Council ; 359 said ' Placet' ; of the remaining 81 Dromore, Northampton, and Mariariopolis, had been allowed for some time to return home on account of health, and their names wer6 not even read out in the Council Hall ; 20 had received leave of absence from the Pope and the Council for urgent rersons ; the Bishop of Ischia, though very ill, was carried into1 the Hall to record his vote ; 45 were voluntarily absent, and 2 were present and said ' non Placet.' Ot: Abbots and Generals of Orders, 44 were actually/ on the, official list. Ofthe.se 40 said Placet ; the Abbot of Monte Vergine ?was ill, so also the General of the Camaldo lese ; Dr. Burchall,. President of the ^English Benedictines, was legitimately ; absent ; the Chaldean Abbot of S. iHonnisdaa was vo luntarily absent. / The following is the cor recisuihmary of the votes on the 18th of July:- .-v:. , Voluntarily i Placets. Noa-Placets Absent. Cardinals ...;.. 42 0 .. 4 Patriarchs...... 6 f 0 : 2 Primates ? 6 0 S5 Archbishops ... 80 0 18 Bii&ops; ? , &5» 2 47 Abbots .and ) Afk s n r i Generals j $. : ? ° , ^ \ .?'.:? .:?... ' ;533 .' ;.'.si ...'..'. .07 ; \ Of the 67 who . may be . reckoned ' as unfa vourable to the doctrine,;Orto its opportune ness, 55 only signed the; letter. , which it is saidjthe Bishop, of Orleans drew up, and, was presented to the Pope on the, 1,7th : J2 refused to attach their signatures to it, among these! were; Cologne and, Mayerice. . , ' The Bishop of Cajazzo, who said 'non Placet,' . immediately after the definition voluntarily went straight uptothePope and made his hearty profession of faith in the doctrine defined, ? Since .then he , has writ ten a letter to the; papers, ia order to re move any scandal his; vote; may have given. We give the following extract :— ' The mo ment the Pope had; confirmed the Constitu-, tion,' he writes, 'J threw myself upon my knees and said my ' Credo'. , With my , ivhole heart I joined in the 'Te Deum' With the Pope and the Fathers of the Council, 1 offered myself at once to God to defend the Constitution with the: E-ivine, help, and, especially the infallibility of S. Peter and of his successors, even at the cost of my life.' . ; ,. So also Dr. Fitzgerald, the Bishop of Lit tlerock, as soon as the Pope, had pronounced the last words of the confirmation and pro mulgation of the Constitution, clasping his pastoral cross, exclaimed : 'Nunc credo et ego, nunc et ego firmiter credo, ;' and shortly afterwards, be had a touching audi ence of the Holy Father. These two Bis-, hops have rendered a signal seryice to the Council and the Church. They have proved that the Council was free, and that every Bishop, whether an Italian or a youthful Prelate of 37 years of age, was at full liberty to vote as he pleased. They have also given to the world a touching testimony to the belief in the presence of the Holy Ghost, and an example of docility which will not be forgotten. 