THE ADVENTURES OF MR. HITCHENS, .V OB '' . ' / , ' THE LATE POST-OFFICE. INQUIRY.:' &&& ? ' To the Editor of the Express. * Sir, — May T crave space in you* columns, as one of tbo suflerers, for a fow words of explanation in connection with tlio above, and which I feel to bo duo to those to whom, dur ing my residence of ovor ten years in this i'-v% oity, I -havo boon well and favourably known. ?*' To begin with, then, I must state that hav ing had my application for leave of absence \ before the head of my department tor some ? months, I was abruptly informed on the 10th September last that I must go at once if I wanted leave at all, juid accordingly by way of ' spending my fortnight to tho greatest '? advantage, I started by Cobb's coach on the morning of the 13th for Gympie, having first obtained from Mr. Douglas an authority to ' : -inspect any offico that might lie on my fn tended pleasure tour; but with no specific J instruction beyond that, should I go to Mary borough, I would again look into (what Mr. Douglas had not quite understood from Mr. Robertson when he was thero) the cause of so many money-orders being drawn upon that office by Kilkivan. I . reached Gympie on the evening of the 14tli,- and the next day, while standing out side Croaker's hotel, Inspector Lloyd hap ? pened to pass. I recognised him, and we entered ' into conversation, in the course of which Lloyd said to me, 'Are you up on postal business ?' I replied ' No, I am not ; I am on leave with power to inspect on my route.' -He 'then said, 'I have heard a . rumour that the postmaster at Kilkivan is „ buying gold with Savings Bank deposits. .You need not say that I have told you this — * Only tha| as I saw you, I thought I would mention it to you in' case you should be going over.' I rejoined, ' I'm glad you have, as I quite intend going- over to Kilkivan, either from , .this or from Maryborough.' Lloyd -? „ , then added,' 'The Kilkivan sergeant is over \- horo^nd will be in Kilkivan again to-morrow, » , -so if you do go 'over, he can tell you anything *he may bave heard about it.' The- subject * then'1 dropped. Aftor hearing the above, I confess to a feeling of uneasiness, and in order v to relieve myself of that feeling, and to'afford the department affected aq, opportunity of ?* ' taking action itself or of instructing' me in the matter, I sent, within a quarter o'ffan hour . after the above conversation, a telegram to ?v the Under Secretary of the Treasury, of which I have no copy, nor have I since, seen the ori ginal, neither do I remember the exact word ing, but the purport of which was to ascertain ii-i from that source whether tho Treasury iri! its Savings Bank branch was regularly advised .y of the deposits made at Kilkivan, and whether any delay ,or irregularity on the part of that * offico was known. I received no reply to that . * * telegram, and, on the 16th, I left for Kilkivan, at which place I arrived -at nine . the same night. All the way on the road, I, had, still on my mind the uneasy, imptession Lldyd's words bad left, and before I reaohed Kilkivan, I had determined' to demand an inspection of *' the Saving Bank books (which I had not the power to enforce) that night, and if they were ** refused, or if, on looking, |iii to. them,. I saw .ji that there was ground for what I had Heard, to return to Gympie1 in the morning to;com mnnicateiiwith the Treasury again, and leave the ^natter inutile hands of that department without further interference: on rny part. ... Acting, on my decision, I ,' said to Forrest, after I hadiihad ;some_,refreshment,1 .'I feel rather tired 'after that Brisbane ito Gympie' journey, but if you can spare .time, after you have finished your mail, I will, at ! all' events, look through your Saviiigs Bank books before I go to bed.' ' 'V This was rather.a bold stroke of mine, for i' in the first placer am jno[;accountant,; and in the next' I had never seon a set. of ! Savings ?iv' Bank nooks in my life. Ho w;eyer,! all! wanted Vv.to see was whetherijtbere was sufficient busi '? s.-*-.liess doingarto give a''colour t6:the; rumour ; but what did I find ? Why^ that next to no business was doing, or had been doing, for some two or three months- previous. . ? ,f.. That night I lay down feeling perfectly satisfied »that I had not shirked the onus of a 'Y duty not properly mine, ,RandA, that having undertaken it nQ,pi)pieasant irigue bad resulted. % |Phe next mornmg: Mr; Forrest, -jn icompanjj; with Mr.' Kcgneally— the boniface' iff'cliief of the.diggings^and a^tranger, started for -the ? Black Snake Reef.1' ? I wasbsfced.to accom i pany them^but felfcitoo tired for ' th'o ride,- and! -so undertook to takecharge .of the office duv ing the Postmaster's; absence, and he .accord ingly ga?e the^keyiinto,; my possession — the books*, being locked up, ' -'As«far as I remember only one person calledj'and that was to receive a letter. . ^ V? ' ' Towards .'dusk I was: sitting in tho office while-Mr.; Forrest was attending to.his duties, and anaong others who can5e to tlie' window for letters or papers was the 'police sergeant. # Shortly after I loft the office saying I would ? take a stroll; and ' going down the main * thoroughfare,I met the sergeant of the police A v (Scullen)., f introduced myself to him, and stated to him, as I did to Inspector 'Lloyd, that I was .taking a round of pleasure, but; would be glad to hear any charge of irre gularity, if apy existed, and, without further preface, repeated to him the remarks made to me at Gympie by .Inspector Lloyd. ; p However, like all rumours, nothing could vbe ascertained by; me, to enable me'4o give' it a body or^a form^ jrior even -to : trace it to its origin. ?The baker was mentioned to me as one who could, perhaps, give me some informa tion, but when asked, by me whether ho was a. regular depositor in the Savings Bank, he at once said he was not a depositor at all ; that he. had been a depositor for sometime; that when he did- deposit everyone scorned to lcnow he had done so, and he did not caro for 'people to know his business. Besides, he added, ' I have not so much need of a bank now, there's not much doing.' I said 'Was the fact of^people knowing, as you state, too much of your own business your only reason for withdrawing ?' He . answered ' Yos, .that was all.' I 'said, ' 'While you wpre a '-depositor, did yon ? rpceivo your acknowledge ment in regular course fi'om jthe, Treasury He answered, thoy might miss a mail or they miglit^-miss, ;tw;o.'';:f ;! I, , then;, ,'said,; ' When yon'.fonnd;them miafl a_m.ail,.did you ever enquire of the Pos'tmaster here' the.causo, or make any complaint to him or to th'o office below P No,' ho said,' ' I never did,- they . ,Sj came through all right generally.' ' . kj All this passed between the baker (whoso name I do not remember) and myself, at his. own shop, some distance from tho Post-office, and in the presence of Sergeant Scullen, and I think I may safely ask him to bear me out in' what I have here stated, and for his testi mony that at least I appeared anxious to get at the truth, irrespective of whomsoever might bo concerned. As wo (i.e. the Sergeant and myself) loft togethoiy I ' turned to him and said, 'Well, you seo, Sergeant, thoro iB no thing to bo got, and so I suppose tho rumour has boon sot afloat maliciously by Prince (tho late Postmaster) or by somo of his friends to injure Forrest and so tho matter dropped. Wo wont on and met Forrest. Ho exchanged a fow friendly words with tho 'Sergeant, and then tho latter bade us ' good night ;' and I and Forrest returned . to Kennoaly's, a part of whoso house was the Post-office, but between which there was no connection on the inside, the door of the Post-office being on the verandah. The next day I examined tho books in the morning, and so far as I could gather, having no professional knowledge as an accountant, arid having no idea that thoro were any irre gularities on tho part of the Postmaster at Kilkivan, in connection with his money order business! not a word having been hinted to me to that effect before starting on my trip, although it was known both that I should visit Kilkivan, and that I had received auth ority from Mr. Douglas to inspect any office en route, and having received special direc tions from the Secretary with regard to the offices at Gympie and Maryborough, both of which I carried out ; everything 'appeared correct, and rightly or wrongly I passed the books. : I need only now mention one more matter, and then, so far as my official conduct is mixed up with this .affair, the connection ceases. It is this — the following day was Saturday, and Mr. M'Taggart, of Kilkivan Station, knowing that I was up, had sent over to ask mo to ride- across and' stay the night and the Sunday there.V Accordingly Mr. Fbrrbst*propopecl an early lunch and then ride over, and- in doing so, said : — ' You can stay the night if you like, but I must 'return' -.this is my business' night. (The diggers wash up this afternoon, and they are sure to bring mo' lots of gold to night, as I learn thoy have done very well this week ; and if you had not boon going over to Mr. 'M'Taggart's, I must have done so, as I want to get all the notes and money he has. He's very good to me, and always willingly takes my cheques and gives me all the money : ho may havo on hand and can spare, or I could ,no.t manage, nor the diggers either. I pay a less price for gold than does Bright (a store keeper)' or any of them,, but then they make the diggers take it out again, while ? with me they get. the money; and if ever I am short I can always get money from anyone in 'the place, if there is any, and if not- the diggers take my . I. 0. U.'s, and pass them with anyone in1 Kilkivan.' ? Thinking I would like to see the diggings on a Saturday night,.!! declined Mr. M'Tagf gart's invitation to remain there, and, pro-' raising to ride over to breakfast in the morn ing, I returned with Mr., Forrest. After tea I. was. the greater part of tlie evening either in the office or in the imme diate vicinity, arid for some time watched the 'diggors!bring up their parcels of gold and sell them.-' Whether Chinamen or European all alike seemed to accept,- with perfect faith and confidence, whatever Mr. Forrest stated as' the various weights, and took both1 notes iand I.O.U.'s indiscriminately and with satis faction. I have not seen the return of money order business transacted by Mr. Forrest on this date (18th September) ;' but this I am prepared to swear, that I never saw'1 the 'ad- vice-book on the counter that evening, and. indeed, to the best of. my recollection, riot more than three orders were issued daring ? he whole of my Btay there. On the Monday I rode out -with' Mr. For rest and a:person of the' namejfqf,'Maokenzie, and Mr. Forrest's assistant, 'fe- tli6; ' Black .Snake,'' and hence to Moririt Coora, and re turned late in tho evening, and on, the follow ing day left Kilkivan by coach for Maryborough ——Mr. Forrest being also a passenger as; far as Goptchie,, whence ho went to Gympie: t I. returned, from Maryborough to Gympie on1 the following Saturday, and met Inspector Llqyd in Mary-street the same evening. I said, 'Well, I looked into that matter.,, at Kilkivan you spoke of, and found it a mare's nest. I found it could not possibly be so, and .1 have heard nothing but good opinions of the Postmaster there.' Lloyd said, 'I'm glad to hear it,' or 'That's all right,' in an ? off- hand sort of a way, and so was laid to my relief the Savings Bank Ghost. ; On tho SurfHay morning before I was up, I heard Mr. Forrest's voico'^'in the yard (Croaker's), and shortly after^ got up and saw him coming into , the coffee room. He had then his coat and waistcoat off ; several; gentlemen were- present, and he exposed a belt slung., over his neck and;' hanging down each side in front and containing ' gold. He said ho had ridden through all night,'', and some one remarked it was a lucky thing , he was not stuck up. .1;... .^..i d,yj' i -i, Mr.' Forrest remained; in Gympio until. thd ?Thursday followirig at mid-day; aridiLdid' hot . lealve until the following morning (Friday) ? Now, Sir, as you read this, does it iiot strike you as being very singular that, where as this same place, Gympie, could set nay ears tingling with a rumor for which there was no foundation, there could not be fouqd one per-, son therein to so much as draw a bow at a venture in the very field in which tho dis guise was successfully worn. That I am there six whole days— that during four of thom I am moro or less in Mr. Forrest's society, and with him in the society of some of tho most respectable residents of Gympie.., That though' old Forrest, the gold buyer,' is now an every day term appliod to him ; yet — save the one solitary rumour which, in com mon with its kind, seemed, like them, to be bred of tho ' many-tongued,' but begotten by none — not a syllable is uttered in my hear ing, riot a hint dropped, that Forrest was dealing in gold, with moneys other than those derivable from his own private resources. The Honourable; John Douglas himself was in Gympie and Maryborough a few weeks ,be I fore I was there ; he did not find it out,. The postmaster at Gyriipio, even ho, con stAntly on the spot, did not guess it, ,.gj .» ^ - 'V; .jj. ?- Tho bo,dy: of detectives, with all thoir won drous and mysterious appliances for finding; out and bringing hidden things to light, they never scented it. 'Why tho deuce, Hitohins, did not you?' — ' Why, Sir, because there was a collusion between mo and the Postmaster.' Because, a'r, as Mr. Prior says, ' that oithor 1 I connived , or shewed a wonderful incapacity. Mind you, sir, I do not say that the Board says all that. Tho board was appointed, as he himself boasts, by Mr. Prior, and of which, to givo you another proof of his character as 'Tho Good Shepherd,' out of kindnoss and consideration for the sheop to bo brought before it, he would not sit as chairman. No. He would only sit as a puisne judge in the tribunal of his own creation. . Mr. Gulland, whose broad Scotch and blunt outspoken manner had from the moment he (Mr. Prior) entored tho office, beon (toi use his own phraseology, as applied to tho writer when asked for a reason why he had excluded him from all promotion) ' uncongenial to his own temperament' should at least have no cause to plead partiality, though ho (Mr. Prior) might hereafter, with feelings suoh as he could not speak of to a third-class officer of tho department, havo to recommend his ; removal to a more congoninl sphere. The gentle Nightingale at least should havo that ono thoro o left to warblo forth its sweet noto upou. While even Mr. Hitchins, whoso ' uncongeniality ' dates back to a period in tho office affairs most inelegantly , referred to by the 'Dalby Herald' a short timo since, should, as he made his exit, be constrainod to shout ' impartial Prior.' But, Sir, I have wandered from tho point — tho only tenable (?) grouhd upon which my resignation could have beon sought — namely, collusion with tho Postmaster. And without going on to inquire what benefit I could pos; sibly derive frotri such collusion, or for , a mdrnent .pausing to reflect upon the .w.icked injustice such a collusion on my part- would have been towards my old tried friend and ? fellow clerk, Alfred Nightingale — -thari whom a more straight-forward, honest little fellow there does not live in this town — let us en quire how could such a charge — I am wrong, for does not the Board say that the integrity of each and all of us is unimpeachable, or something to that effect ? — be trumped up ? Why, Sir, because Mr. Forrest: being in the habit of corresponding with me, and fre quently asking me, whenever he required, any information upon office matters within my province and power to give him, did (and, I admit, very foolishly) induce me, some twelve months ago, to send him a bill, which bill was never negotiated, the' matter in respect 'of which it was given having fallen through.' This bill, which I believed wa^not in! exist-, ence, waB found among his papers, and taken in conjunction with my having passed the books and lefta certificate (so Mr. Prior calls it, and as lie also calls it ' an instrument as sisting him to commit a fraud,') has, so far as , I am concerned,- and^-in the1' face of all that bn's gone bofore, and which gives . the .lie direct to such an assumption, placed me in my present position. » s ' In conclusion, parmit me to say to those 'in whose respect and - 1 esteem Iw do care still to live, that, having communicated to the de partment previous to my return the state of the books and balances at the departmental offices of Gympie and Maryborough, I did, ^ot, ;for reasons I have given to the Board, furnish any report either of Kilkivan, or of the other four' or five offices I visited;! ' Had I done so, however, I should have have, reported in dis cordance with tho memorandum' I left* with Mr. Forrest, viz., that the ^office was well con ducted and the books carefully kept and appa rently correct. . , i This, my part in the affair, is .written with out fear of contradiction. I asfc no boon of the Government. Ishlll not, like 'Lazurus^ lie day by day. at their gate waiting to be fed, but il demand* tl&t; as ten years ago, Viz., on the'i24th. July, I860, 1 entered tb'e .Civil Ser vice of Queensland without a stain .upon 'my charaoter, so I may noV-be permitted; to leave, it, and this I demand in my own; name/and that of my wife and children-.# : ' '' ? ; .?'????? Whatover mayor may not 'have beiijff* thb antecedents of Mt\ Forrest, he at 'all events possessed jMr., Prior's confidence. . \- Four,years£ogo, during an inspection; tour of seven woejis, - upon which I was sont by Mr. ; Douglas,; I: found , Mr. Forrest fas Post master at Ganal Creek, to which office he had; been appointed by Mr. Prior ' upon the resig nation of the former ;Postmaster-.(Scow6n);' ' About three years ag'oj a,man of the name1 of Lapranche, since, deceased,, and, .whose' vyidow is now Postmistress at iCanai.Creekj ifetit; down a' string' of charges; against ''Sir. Forrestjy.t Mr. Prior was then Postmaster-: Gerieral, I. believe, and he was perfectly satis fied with the result of the enquiry made into the matter by Mr. Cribb, thb Police Magis trate of Leyburn. At all events not many montliB later he. was appointed to Kilkivan by, Mr. Prior, ' and when I' yiBited that place I I found him not only postmaster but acting Clerk of Potty ^Sessions, Savings - Bank. ofBcer, Deputy-Registrar ofbirthB and deaths, ' and something or other 1 under, the' 1 Gold Commissioner.,. . ; Mr. Prior has' within ,tho last, few weeks, said, to one or two officers. of the department —not myself one of.them-r-' You know when, I appointed . Mr, Forrest that I had my doubts about jhim,iari^! told 'you- that ho would re quire 'very; sharply looking after.'- The officers referred to have denied to Mr. Prior's face that he ever made, use of such expressions.. Whether he did so or not is immaterial, in so far. that the fact is admitted by him that ho ; had liis doubts of Mr. Forrest when appoint ing him. ,. if;' Now, Sir, I contend that such being thb case; Mr. Prior mbre lamentably, more , cul pably, failed in his duty in thus appointing td' a; position of trust a man.o,f whose moral, character he had his ' doubts;' than , have thoso officers under him who havo failod to cheok his corrupt tendency, and for which thoy havo just now felt the full rigour of the Governmont lash — rtheir means and employ ment taken away — thoir wives and familios minus tho comforts of their former position, and thoy themselvos sont forth to begin life anew, with tbo peculiar unfitness whioh a long term in the Civil Service, routine engenders, and their reputation nono tho better for the severe ordeal through \yhich they havo passed. . E. Lytton Hitchins, ( , Late Clerk in Charge of the Correspondence J, and Records, G. P.O. 