Prince of "Wales Theatre. No greater treat ann be furnished tho intellectual than to witness a masterly representation of the high-souled genius of Shakespeare. It has been assorted, that of late years, pnblio taste for tho legitimate drama has been declining. This may be the case, and faots would in a very, groat measure seem to provo it. Drama's of tho so called sensational Behool may for a period supersede the higher olass, but tho standard of thoir favor must be short lived, as tho excellence of their merit, or their power either to instruct or improvo tho mind doos not exist. Excellent actors may bo looked upon as oxcollent physicians, possessed of the means to apply a remedy to thia disease, if it may be so-called, and bring about a .much tb bo desired reaction in favor of tho legitimate eohool, Those who had the good fortune to witness Herr Bondman's impersonation of Hamlet during tho eurly part of this week must havo felt immeasurably gratified and agreeably surprised at the porfection of his interpre- tation of Shakespeare's most difficult oreation. It was not the orthodox Hamlot which has so frequently appeared in this city as well as elsewhere, but tho per- fection of a study and a grand performance. Herr Band mann is possessed of a very clear and sonorous voice, which can bo heard distinctly in any part of thehouso, even whenthetoneissubdued. Hisfaoialappearancoand stature are much to his advantage ; with the oxoeption of an occasional slight accent, his nationality would bo d¡(Boult as to decide. He was well supported by Mr Hoskins as the ghost, Mr Holloway as the King, Mr Douglas as Laertes, Mr Welsh, Folonius, and Mrs Jones as the Queen. Miss Ryder sustained tho part of Ophelia on Thursday oven-' ing in consequence of Miss Oorcoran's illness, but sho was notaBhoppynscouldbe wishedforin the undertaking. Tho mounting of tho play waa very good, more particularly the ghost scene in tho first net and theoloset eoono in the third, the arrangement of these being entirely upon a. now principle. Last night tho performance was repeated. To-night Herr Bondman appears as Othello, which is said to bo.tho "oomponion pioturo to his Hamlet." 