Social Subjects. THE WINES OF THE BIBLE. At the Brisbane Temperance Hall, on the evening of May 2,1870, the Rev. A. Caldwell de- <*> livered a lecture upon the Wines of the Bible. At the time, we gave an outline of the lecture, but the extraordinary interest which it de veloped induces us to give the matter entire; which the courtesy of the lecturer enables us to dot- Temperance societies were first called into ex istence by the alarming increase of drunkenness. They were formed not by drunkards endeavor ing to reclaim themselves, but by sober, tem perate, benevolent men, wishing to save from their inevitable doom their follow men, who had imperceptibly and unwittingly acquired the drunken appetite. These good men—benefactors of society—knew well that ouly by refraining from tho use of intoxicating beverages they could influence drunkards to refrain. They did not stand in the highways and corners of the streets, and say to the poor reeling, intoxicated man, " You must cease to ute that whioh has brought you into this state, or your ruin is in evitable, but we, who know when to stop short, and have full control over our appetites, can continue to use tho same beverages in modera tion." But on meeting the poor staggering drunkard, they kindly claimed affinity with him as a brother, and told him : " We find we can refrain totally from intoxicating beverages of every kiud, and enjoy better health, possess greater strength, maintain better characters, do more work of any kind, and mainta n our wives and families better; come now, my dear, dear brother, join us, and test the truth of what we say by your own experience." These men knew that by total abstinence from beverages having the slightest tendenoy to produce intoxi cation they were infringing neither Divine nor human law ; that there was no command in the Bible or in the statute book to use intoxicating liquor of any kind as a common beverage. They knew that total abstinence had been practised as early as the time of Moses, and was approved of in the Wo-d of God, having read Num. vi., v. S to 4: "When either man or woman shall separate themselves to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto the Lord : he shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine and strong drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes or dried. All the days of bin separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree, from the kernels even to the husk." They were aware that when the head oi a community had left a command to his posterity to abstain from the use of wine, obedience to that command had received the Divine approbation; for they had read in Jeremiah xxxv., versos 18 and 19: " And Jere miah said uuto the house of the Recbabites, Thus iaith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, Because ye have obeyed the command of Jona dab your father, and kept all his precepts, and done according unto all that he hath commanded you; therefore thus saith the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, Jonadab the fon of Bechab ■hall not want a man to stand before me for ever." The commandment of Jonadab we find in Jeremiah r., verse 6: " But they said we will drink no wine: for Jonadab, the son of Bechab, onr father, commanded us Baying, Ye ■hall drink no wine, neither ye nor your sons for ever." Tho first founders of total abstinence societies, proving thoir benevolenco and love to their fellow men by their voluntary self-donial, and violating no Divine or human law by the courso they pursued, might have naturally ex pected that all professing themselves lovers of their fellow men would have approved of and commended their conduct, although some might refuse to join them in their noble aot of self denial. lustead of this, they and their succes sors have found some of the class to which they chiefly looked for co-operation, or at least for approbation, their most bitter opponents, who have year after ye ir been endeavoring to place tho greatost diff cutties in the way of their pro gress. Not only have none of this class pro posed some other mode of reclaiming and sav ing tho poor drunkard, or been satisfied to stand aloof, and leave others unimpeded to do the work, but many of them have impugned the motives, misrepresented the conduct, and en deavorud to loava on the minds of those with whom they conversed on the subject the im pression that total abstainers—the-e noble re formers—were acting on principles opposed to tho dictutcs of the inspired Word of God. It is to tho opposition offered to our society from this pretext that I purposo to address myself in this lecture. By some of this class of our op ponents it has been stated that the Bible repre sents wine as a good better age, and recommends the use of it. That such is tho case no total abstainer ucquainted with the BiWe will deny. To aid those who use this argument I will qwoto a fow passages from different parts of the Holy Scriptures. Psalm oiv., verse 15: " And wine tbut mnkoth glad the heart of man." Ecdesinstos ix, verse 7: "Go thy way, eat thy broad with joy, and drink thy wine with a merry heart." £cclesiastes x., verse 19: 11A feast is made for laughter, and wine maketh merry." Canticles vii., verse 9 : "And the roof of thy mouth, like the best wine for my be loved, that goeth down sweetly, oausing the lips of those that are asleep to speak." Isaiah lv., verso 1: "Ho everyone that thirsteth, come ye to tho waters, and he that hath no money, come ye, buy and eat; yea, oome buy wine and milk without mouoy and without price." Joel hi., verse 18: "And it shall come to pats in that day that the mountains shall drop down new wine, nhd tho hills shall flow with milk." I admit that many other passages can easily be quoted in wkich wine is spoken of as a good thing, und recommended. I know also that the hope of tho Israelites was directed to Canaan as a vine-producing country; that' of all the vnluuble productions of t'uat country the twelve men sent by Modes to spy out the land, are re oorded to have brought back a cluster of gr ipea, with pomegranates aud figs. Numbers xiii., verse 23: " And they came unto the brook of Eshcol, and out down from thence a branch with one cluster of grapes; and they bare it be tween two upon a staff; and they brought of the pomegranates and of the figs." Having admitted to our opponents that tho Biblo represents wine as good, and recommends it, I now proceed to state that the Bible de nounces wine bb an evil, and forbids the use of it. That such is the ca?o every reader will see from the following passages:—Psalm Ix., verse 8: "Thou has showed thy people hard things, thou hunt mado us to drink the wine of astonish mint." Deuterouoaiy xxxii., verse 33: "Their wino is the wine of dragons, and the cruel venom of asps." Proverbs xx , verse 1: " Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging, and whoso evur is deceived thereby is taot wise." Proverbs xxiii, verees 2U to 31: "Look not thou upon the wine when it i* rod, when it giveth his color in tho cup, when it moveth it self aright. At the lu»t it bireth like a serpent, and stiugetb like an adder. (Who hnth woe? who hath sorrow? who hath contention? who hath bahbling? •who hath wounds without cause? who hath recln.-rt of ores? They tint tarry long at the wine; they that go to seek mixed wine.)" lxuinh v., vpmc 20: "Woe unto thorn that are miglity to drink wine, and men of strength to mingle strong drink." Hubakkuk ii, verse 5 : " k'oa also because be transgresseth by wive he is a proud man." From these passages it must be admitted that winn ig denounced 89 an evil thing, and tho ui>o of it is forbidden. So if our opponents allege that thor Jmve Scriptural authority for usinjj wine, mul from this erery kind of intoxi cating liquor, I.are I not the same Soriptural nutha-itv for alleging that the use of wine, and from this of every kind of intoxicating liquor, is forhiiidcn. Our opponent* would seem to h.ivo for.j often tho good old Latin ad.ige, Audi atttratit p>tr/*m. They have some resemblance to a tvrt-iin da** of persons who seek the advice of others in rehrion to soiuo nutter about whioh tlioy profesi to be either ignorant or doubtful. Thosu whose advice agrees with their own opinion, already formed, they regard as who nnd fur seeing; while those who«e ad vico ilis.i>?reps with their owu opinion, they look upon us wcuk-tuiuded and foolish. I hope I will be pardoned for presenting to you another ease for tho sake of illustration. The late Im n:;-ration Agent for Queensland, Henry Jordan, Eeq., when holding meetings in various place* in the British Island*, gave to bis audiences a description of this colony. In order to en courage persons to emigrate, he set before them in his addresses this sunny, golden, glorious land, in all its beauty, fertility, and manifold advantages. But in the same addresses he presented its privations, wants, and difficulties, that thoee induced to oome here might not be disappointed on their arrival. Many who heard attentively, examined carefully, and weighed fairly, both sides of the description, were pre pared on their arrival here for the trials, disad vantages, and privations of this infant colony, and thus have been able to meet manfully, and master heroically the difficulties they have had to encounter. But another class of his hearers, attending to and remembering only one side of the description; in other words, keeping the mind's eye fixed only on the fair side of the picture, and wholly neglecting to look at the dark side, have come here to be disappointed, chagrined, and in some cases inextricably in volved in difficulties, which a little foresight, preparation, or even pluck, would have enabled them to overcome. I claim for total abstainers to be represented by the former class, and their opponents by the latter; and as the latter doss multiply their difficulties, so our opponents, claiming from the Bible—by refusing to adopt the motto already quoted, Audi alterant partem —liberty to use wine as a common beverage, add to this the liberty to use not only wine of every kind, fermented as well as unfermented, but also intoxicating liquors of every kind, most of which were unknown when the Bible was written. I have already stated that the Bible repre sents wine as a good thing, and recoa mends the use of it. And also that the Bible denounces wine as an evil thing, and forbids the use of it. The Bible was written by many different writers, in different ages, and in dif ferent countries. But these writers were only the amanuenses, while the Divine Being is the sole and alone Author of the whole. lam one of those who claim for the Bible that not merely the ideas conveyed by the words, or tho thoughts of those who wrote, but that the writing itself was inspired. In other words, that the writers of the Bible were inspired to place on record the very words which they wrote. I read in the second Timothy, chapter Hi., verse 16: " All Scripture is given by inspi ration of God." And second Peter, chapter i., Terse 21: " Holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." God alone being the Author, and being unchangeable and Omniscient, how are we to account for this seemingly direot contradiction in his word, when wine is spoken of? Ihis brings me to the real subject of my lecture ; aud, at the risk of tiring you, I feel bound to preface what I am about to bring before you by a few words of explana tion ; and, first, I am only a late convert to the opinion I now hold upon this subject. Wl>en only seventeen years of age I entered my name as a member of the Total Abstinence Society, and by Divine grace have been able to continue a itedfast, consistent abstainer. lam very thankfulnow, inoldageaud«ithhoaryhair,to be able to make this statement. Bu f, in my ad vocacy of total abstinence from intoxicating liquors as a beverage, I was contented to take my stand on two principles—self-defence aud Christian expediency—taking for granted that the moderate use of fermented wine, and con seq ently of intoxicating liquor of every kind, was not expressly forbidden in the Holy Scrip tures ; and rashly agreed so far with our op ponents, that those of our number who held this opinion were tainted with fanaticism. I must confess, too, that I read little of the discussions and controversies to which this matter has given rise. Bat meeting with the works of Dr. Frederiok Richard Lees, who has done such good service to the total abstinence cause, I be gan to read them, consulting, as I read, the originals in which the Bible was written, and the result is I am so far a convert, from his re search and reasoning, that I am fully convinced the us£pf fermented or intoxicating liquor is strictly forbidden in the Holy Scriptures. I make this statement for tho sake of those who, having acquired a knowledge of the languages iv which the Bible was written, are therefore able to read and jtvlge for themselves, that they may be induced to enter upon a careful investi gation of the subject, feeling convinced that many of them would arise from this work con verts to the cause of total abstinence. Seoond: I wish you to remember, whatever I may have to state hereafter, I always have beon, and still continue, an enthusiastic ad mirer of our Authorised English Translation of the Holy Scriptures. Being the work of erring, uninspired men, it has inaccuracies, and is capable of improvement. This being ad mitted, I have to say that, as no Engl sh trans lation whioh preceded it is worthy to be com* pared with it, so none that has as yet followed it will boar comparison with it. Aud the time may be far distant when the same numberof men, equally qualified from research, talent, and ac curate knowledge of the original languages—as were the translators of the Authorised Version —could be oullected together to undertake and execute a new and improved translation. In the original Scriptures there are thirteen words which hi the English Bible have been trans lated by the single term wine, withoutanyadjunct, such as new, sweet, mixed, or strong, to qualify the meaning or mark the difference of the signi fication. Of these nine are Hebrew and four Greek, the former being Khamar, Skakar, Mesek, Ashir, B*ueh, Tirosh, Ashishah, and Shemarim, and the latter Oinos, Olenkos, Oxos, aud Akraton. Yayin, the first term, is iv very general use in the Bible, occurring one hundred and forty one times in the Old Testament. Various opinions have been held about the root from whioh it is derived. The most probable of these is thatofDindorf, who says that it is derived from the Arabic word yavan, whioh denotes boiling, foaming, spurning over, and would fitly apply to the fresh expressed and foaming juice of the grape, as pressed from the wine press. This corresponds with the general rule concern ing the derivation of words. New words, when first used, are always ex presaive of some simple and obvious appearance, never of latent proper ties or soientifio relations; hence, while the foaming appearance of grape juice accounts for the original application of the term yayin to it, it would be absurd to suppose that the idea of fermentation, the nature of whioh has only been understood during the last century as a scieu tifio process, found any part in the original con notation of the word. The term, being origi nally applied to grape juice, would naturally continue to be applied to the 6ame substance in all the subsequent conditions in which it might be found. Thus, wheu the juice came from the wine-press, it was callod yayin, and the same term continued to be applied to it in all the changes which it underwent in process of time, and from the action of the atmosphere. Few of you require to be told how very different the effect of pure vine juice upon the person who uses it before fermentation commences, from the effect which tbs same vine juice produces after fermentation, although even then its in toxicating power is small when contrasted with various kinds of liquor which the opponents of total abstuiuers claim the liberty of usiug, because they maintain the Bible recommends the use of fermented wine. Grape juice, or wine, as it comes from the wine press is free from alcohol, and possesses no power to produce intoxication ou him who u^ei it. Grape j .ice, or wine, when fermented, possesses alcohol, aud consequently tho power to produce intoxication on him who uses it. In its natural Btate wine is, therefore, not only harmless, but useful, exhilirating, cheering, and may be used not only without injury but with advantage. Iv its fermented state wine pro duces drunkenness, drowns tho senses, impairs ! tho reason, debilitates the body, renders him who is under its influence incapable in his mind, ot reasoning, judging, and directing his conduct ari»ht, and in his body incapable of walking, working, and doing aright those actions for I which his bodily members bavo been conferred . upon him. Did the urape juice or wine main tain its original quality, and acquire no new power by fermentation, there would have been no necessity lor denouncing wine as an evil, and prohibiting the use of it. But while it i 3 freely granted that the word wine is applied in the Bible to intoxicating liquor, why should the op ponents of total abstainers demand of me to be | lieve that wine in the Bible always and ne cessarily means intoxicating liquor? Were they able to convince me of this, I must at once I abandon my position, for I have already stated I that the use of wine (wine in some state^ia not only permitted, but plainly sanctioned and re commended in the Bible. Bat they must, in order to convince me, account for the fact thai wine (wine in some state) is dearly described as an evil thing, and the use of it not merely discouraged, but denounced and plainly pro hibited in the Bible. Have we not in the Bible itself the key to the reconciling of this seeming contradiction in God's Word, and there is no better interpreter of the Bible than the' Bible itself. In Eeclesiastes ix., verse 7, we read: "Go thy way, eat thy bread with joy, and drink thy wine (yanekah) with a merry heart; for God now accepteth thy works. Here we have not merely permission, but encou ragement, may I not say an express command, to drink wine; and, such wine as I believe this to have been, the principles of our society do not forbid us to use, more than milk, and other useful liquids possessing no intoxicating quality. I remember, when reading in my fatherland the account of laying the foundation-stone of this Temperance Hall, remarking that the late Governor, Bir George Bowen, in his address, stated that the members of the society ought ■ot to object to the use of wine in this vine-pro ducing country. Neither do we object to the use of wine—the abundant use of pure wine—as it comes from the grape. God forbid we should, for the Bible—our mother's Book—permits, sanctions, recommends the use of it. Therefore, we say to our energetic settlers —Cultivate the vine to the greatest possible extent, raise grape clusters in great abundance, and give ns these or the pure juice of the grape not permitted to rot and become fermented, and we will thank God and you for them—wish you heartily God speed, and eat and drink with merry hearts. [TO BC CJNTIIfITED.'I 