Faun SELECTION.—The only selection at the land office on Thursday last was; Oscar Wilson, 200 acrcs, Currawoner. SHEEP DrEtcroBS.—By a Gazette notice ISth inst. the following gentlemen are stated as having been appointed sheep directors for the -enensuing year, for the district of Young:—J. Patterson, Esq., Ill'along; W. D. Campbell, Esq., Beverley; John Pring Esq., Crowther; C. W- Church Esq., Bland. { A. Maeday Esq., Wallanbe'en. NEW MiOrsTii'ATNS.—By a Gazette notice 16th inst. toe find the following gentlemen have been appointed ihagistratcs 1>f the colony:—S. G. Alford, Cowra ; William Badcock, Carcoar ; John Broiighton, Marengo: Auber George Jones, Wagga Wagga ; Joseph McConnell, Grenfell; William Oura M'lntyro, Wagga Wagga; James Twaddle, Forbes, and Eobert Matteson "Vaughn, Grenfell, Esquires. DEATH BY DROWNING.—A magisterial enquiry was held on the 15th inst. at Balabuthrie, thir- ten miles from Forbes, on the body of a child nearly eight years of age named Helen Mahor. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased had been bathing in the evening with some other children in the Bundaburra Creek, when she got out of her depth. The body was not re- covered until the next morning, a verdict of "Accidental death by drowning" was re- turned. THE "Durifig the fatter part of the wetfc tlie weathe'r has been a ft tile cooler. This (Friday) afternoon a Squall of wind passed through the town, carrying with it elbuds of dtist, which penetrated through kej-holes and Under doors; iu fact, 'into every place where at is possible for dust'lo make its way, tb'fhelwrror and discomfort «f notable hbusewives. While we write, me has MSbhiUienced to fall, accompanied with lightning and thunder, and though wo have learned not to trust to weather indications about Yoataj?, still we are hoping "for a plentiful visitation of the watery element. BOAD TBOST.—We received word, when just too late for publication in last issue, from our Member, Mr. James Watson, through oBe:bfhis, brothers, liiwt, wp®n readinfc the paragraph "wliith appeared "ita the Argus of 12th instant, relative to the condition of the bridge near Ileffernan's, on the Forbes road, he took an opportunity of representing the matter in the proper quarter, and obtained a promise that a sum should be devoted to repuiring the bridge in question, subject to the approval of the Local Road Trustees. This is another proof that, as Jong as we let our grievances be known, we stand fcome chance of getting them redressed. TEMPERANCE. — The first meeting of the Rainbovj* ,Band of Hope in connccfion with the Sons of Temperance took place in the Congregational Chapel, Young, on Monday, 21st inst. There was a good attendance, and 40 members enrolled. The proceedings openpd with temperance melody, then followed Tendings, recitations, «tir., which were both instructing and amusing to the children. The Temperance movement is steadily progression, and is gaining much prcuiid, both morally and intellectually. Meetings of'.the-Sims and Daughters of Tern-- peraniw s\Yo '-regillarly attended, shewing that interest for the welfare of all, when properly evinced, is sure of success. A GHOST.—Some of the good folks of Young have lately been very much alarmed from the freaks Of an individual who has been popularly voted c^host. The said ghost generally makes his nppearance'hefore women or children, sometimes, we understand, -With to white sheet round him, in '-tliB most approved style ghostly toilette, -and white handkerchief on his head. On Monday ni^tit he made hiB -appearance in a bye atreet to a young gftl, who was so alarmed -that she -ran into the'iie&rost; 'house for shelter, and it wts'feared'ihat^hte w-tailS go '•into a fit. Another night he -showed himself at the house of a woman who has a small store at one end of the town, and, upon being interrogated as business, made a rush «t however, was too'quicWor-irim and banged the door in his fnce, when he, in most unspectre- like style, kicked it several times with a force which showed that he must at least have put on his boots before commencing his nightly wanderings, even if ho were not still clothed in his garment of clay. On Thursday night, wo -understand he placed himself behind a fence, close to the track and (to 4he .great terror of two more females. We would advise this fnnny •fellow, whoever he is-^-whetlier he be somebody who does not mind satisfying his predilection for practical joking at no matter what 'injury to other people, or whether he is, what is most likely, " a snapper up of unconsidered trifles"— to take care ; our police can run, and a night in the lockup, followed by a month under the " vag.," would bo a very sorry and undignified predicament for anybody who aspires to the supernatural. Ghosts, as a general thing, don't incline to bread and water. CUOWN LANDS RESEBVBS.—It is notified in the Government Gaeette «f 18th inst. that the Crow,n lands hereunder specified, are to be devoted do Alio several public purposes mentioned in .conneo&ion; therewith :—Boorowa, allotments 18 and 39, flection 23, for ^esleyan Church and minister's residences ditto allot- -ments .1, >2, -t5, and section 24, for Publio "School; -Cootamundry, 160 acres for racecourse ; Forbfts allotments 1 and 2, section 30, for Wealeyan Churoli; ditto allotment 4, section 10, for Wesleyan minister's Tesidencsej Murrumboela 77£ acres for general cemetery; Cuninngar, allotment section 22, for Public school; 3ugiong, allotments 7, 8, and 9, section 2, for Wesleyan church and minister's residence Wombat, portion sertion '£6, for public school; Young -acres at Stoney Creek, for' Wesleyan churdh and 'minister's residence'; ditto,'(allotment 12, seotion S3, for site for Hospital: ditto acres at MoHenry's Creek for racecourse; ditto, allotments 8 and'9, section 33,'for Prcsby- 'terian church and manse. 