THE GHOST STORY OF 'PLINY 'THE YOUNGER. [From Once a Week,] When was the first ghost story told At what period in the world's infancy did the minds of men first feel the dread delight, the awful attraction, which modern scepticism has deprived us all of, except children and village lasses? We confess we cannot toll. And instead of collecting scattered frag ments from"-antiquity, we subjoin a transla tiorrof a ghost story, perfect and complete, of the respectable age of eighteen centuries, which so terrified the calm philosopher Pliny of Christian-hating reputation, that he wrote to his friend Sure, the Consul, to ask whether it could be true. So exactly does this story correspond in all the ghostly ele menuts to authentic narratives, which inun. date the waste.paper baskets of magazine editors every Christmas, that we cannot think if the first attempt if the invention in this direction. Poets must have lived before Hoeter, and dealers in the supernatural must have traded on man's love for the marvellous .1 ong before the time of Pliny's informant. We meet with ghosts iF tie "Illiao,' and IEschylus twice introduces them on the stage. Indeed, the belief in their appearance natur ally arose from the idea that, until a man was decently buried, old Charon would not convey his soul across the slimy Styr, but left. it to squeak and gibber on this side the stream. Hlence it was considered a greater crime at Athens to leave a parent unburied than to allow hint to starve to death. And thatl beautiful play of Sophocles, in which Antigone suffers death rather leave her brother's.corpse unburied had a far greater charm in Pagan Athens than it can hove in Christian England. But we are digressing. Here is the promised story, from the twenty seventh epistle of the seventh book of Pliny the younger: There was at Athens a house, large and spacious, but with a bad name. In the silence of the night, there was wont to be heard in it the rattling of iron, and, if you listened more attentively, the clash of chains, first at a distance then hard-by. Presently there appeared a ghost-an old man, lean •and squalid, with long beard and rough hair. He carried fetters on his legs and gyves on hls wrist, shaking them as he walked. Htence every night was spent in wakeful terror by the inhabitants. Sickness followed 'igils, and death sickness. For even during rthe daytime, though the phantom had de parted, the recollection of it clung to them, 'and the terror lasted longer than that which 'caused it. Accordingly tie house was de .serted, condemned to solitude, and entirely given up to the spectre. It was advertised, nevertheless, to be let or sold, in case any ,one, not ktowing the circumstances, should be willing to purchase. Athenodorus, the philosopher, came to Athens, read the notice, asked the terms, and, having his suspicions roused by the low price, made enquiries, and heard the whole story. So far from shrinking, he took the house all the more eagerly. When evening drew near, he orders his couch to be placed in the front room, calls for a-writing-tablet, a style, and a light, dis misses all ais attendants, and devotes his at tenltion-eyes, head, and hands-to writing, lest his mind, being unemployed, should con iureUnl ifanuced sights and sounds. :At hat there was the slhenm of 'ulnht deep as elsewhere; thsn the ,lseh of Iron and the rattling of chihd . lie neither raised his eyes nor relaxed his style, but fixed his attention upon Iis work. The clink grew.louder, came nearer, and sounded, now at the door now within the room. Ile looks up, aees and recognised the spectre described. It staood and beckoned with its hand, as if calling him. lie mnode a signs with his finger for it to wait a little, and again settled down to his tablets and style. It rattled its chails at his head as he wrote. lie looked up again, making the tame sin as before, and without further delay took the candle and followed. It walked with slow step, as if weighted with the chains. After turning linto the coucrt yard of the house, it suddenly slipped into the earth and disappeared. lie piled some weedsand leaves to mark the spot, and, the next day, going to the Magistrates, advised them to order the place to be excavated. A skeleton was found, the flesh all wasted away by putrefaction, and the hare bones bound in, fetters and chain. It was taken up and publicly buried, and after that the house wase no more troubled. 