ONE-AND-TWENTY. BY PRlEDEnRIC WIL5LIAM IROINSON. CHAPTER I. I nEGIN this story from my first start in life. I began life in earnest at an early age-at an age when other boys, free from the iron hand of necessity, are at their mother's apron-strings or grinding lessons in the public schools. The only son of a poor tradesman, strug gling hard for a living down a back street in Bethnal Greeon-Bethnal Green, a world of struggling men and women in itself-I was brought up with a perfect consciousness of the terrible enemy lurking round the cor ner. Every day taught me what a task it was for them I called father and mother to fight for a living in that dark crowded neighbourhood, and not give way beneath the host which tried to ruin them. A host of rate-collectors to begin with, that was down upon them with all manner of horrible taxes, and harassed them week after week for payment, and came and cut the gas off, and the water off, and seized portions of their furniture, and was more troublesome and exacting than the landlord, a flinty-hearted being who haunted the lit tle baker's shop in Bethnal Green after every quarter-day. A host of customers who came with dog's-eared penny memor andum-books wherein each debt was en tered; lank-visaged, poverty-marked cus tomers, with claw-like hands which clutched at the loaves greedily and bore them off; customers who paid a shilling or two on Saturday night, who begged for trust "More trust, good Mr. Farley. My hus band's out of work,-on strike,-on the loose; don't say to a woman with six chil dren, and one dying, you can't let me have bread another week, for God's sake! " A host of beggars, real and sham; a host of thieves that watched for the parlour-door to close on the shopkeeper's back, to rush and make a snatch at something; a host of trou bles in every grisly shape which haunts a parish neck-deep in poverty. My father was the worst man in the world for a tradesman-more especially for a tradesman in a poor neighbourhood. Sim ple and soft-hearted, he was a man easily imposed upon by the crafty, and too readily impressed by the sorrows of the unfortu nate. Had it not been for his wife-not my poor mother, weaker and gentler than even he, my mother who died when I was five years old, and left this life with a whispered blessing on her pale-faced boy-the little baker's shop in Harp-street would have closed its shutters in the daylight years be fore I made my early start in life. My stepmother, whom my father married sixteen months after his first wife's death, was a wonderful woman for business-a woman whose capabilities were not lost in Bethnal Green. My father did not marry her for love; it was another of his strug gles, that making up his mind to marry her at all. She was a strapping, good looking barmaid at the Pencutters' Arms over the way; a bustling woman, with a sharp eye to change and bad shillings ; a woman, honest and hard-working, and one likely to make a good wife for a weak headed shopkeeper. My father used to look at her very carefully with his care- troubled eyes' every evening, as he put his yellow jug on the pewter-covered counter of the Pencutters' Arms, and said, "a pint of porter, Mary, please;" and Mary, although a quick girl in'her way, did not read his looks- correctly, or dream of setting her gaily-trimmed cap at " Old Farley," his in variable cognomen in Harp-street. When old Farley proposed, late one Saturday night as the landlady was dozing f over the parlour fire and the potman was p putting up the shutters, Mary said, "what t nonsense!" and "well, I never!" and t then, "she'd think of it." Mary thought I of it all that night, and being of a decisive i turn of mind accepted him on the Sunday, and was Mrs. Farley a month afterwards. I She made him a good wife, a hard-working t careful wife, and was not the worst of new i mothers to his child. Troubled sometimes t with the business, and bad-tempered very often, fond of giving it to my father in high t words, and giving it to me in very hard and noisy slaps, she was still a good-hearted I woman and a true one, and I look back at her with a feeling of boy-affection which I 1 had for her as my- father's wife-an affeo-' tion distinct from that deeper one which lay buried in Bethnal Green churchyard. ] My stepmother was the first who broached the subject of my start in life, to which the first line of this history alludes. There had been thunder in the air some weeks, and it burst over the heads of my father and myself one sultry summer evening, when we sat round the tea-table in that queer little back parlour into which the sun seldom shone. "That boy, Mr. Farley, will eat us out of house and home." "Eh? what, Mary?" cried my father; "that boy? who-Philip ?" "Yes, Philip." My stepmother looked full at my father, as if not ashamed of her assertion, and my father hid his face in his pint mug of tea. " He's twelve years old." "Going on for thirteen," I corrected im mediately. " Going on for thirteen," mused my father; "good gracious me, how time gallops away. Why, we've been married, Mary, nearly six years-nearly six years as I'm alive." "Come, come," said his bustling wife, S"we are not talking of how long we've I been married- goodness knows what would have become of you, Farley, if you had been left to yourself-wo'ro talking about Philip here." " Ah ! yes, yes," was the reply, " Philip, as you say, Mary." S"Mr. Farley," said his grave helpmate, "have you looked over your books lately ? " "N-no," replied my father, in a hesitative manner. "Then you had better,-Mr. F.," observed his wife, " for the state they're in is awful!" D " Oh, dear, dear ! I thought as much !" " And what object you can have in such a horrid lot of blotches and smudges, the Lord knows, for I don't." My father muttered something about the wretched pens that were sold in Bothnal Green. "There's the rent nearly due," said my stepmother, gradually working herself into a state of excitement, "and I have only scraped together four pounds seven shillings. We are getting on worse and worse, Farley; and if there's a roof over our heads this day twelvemonth' we ought to be grateful for it, that's all. There's that wretched surly man called again for the church-rate; there's Barnes only paid a shilling off one pound seventeen, and the woman you've been a trusting and a trusting because her hus band's out of work has gone and died, poor creature, and that's the long and short of it. And now, there's Philip, he's grow ing a big boy; his school money is a hard tax upon our earnings, and one less in family might help us, especially at this time, when we are at sixpence- halfpenny a quar tern, and it costs us sevenpence first-hand. Ah, me! " Mrs. Farley sighed, and poured out a second cup of tea. " What do your think, Mary, can be done -ahem-with him ?" "Plenty of things." " The plenty of things seemed to bewilder my father, for he looked vacantly round the room and up at the ceiling, and then at Mrs. Farley again. " There's your wife's brother, now." "William Barchard," ejaculated my father. " Yes, if you remember, he-- shop ! " My father rose at the hint, went up the parlour steps into the shop, weighed and delivered a loaf to a dirty shock-headed little boy, booked the debt in one of the eternal dog's-eared memorandum books, and came creeping back to his place at the tea-table. "If you remember," continued my step mother, "Mr. Barchard talked of discharg ing his boy, and why should not your Philip earn six or seven shillings a-week as well as anybody else? The money would be a help to us." "Philip is a quick boy.,, I should like him to remain at school a';year or two longer; he's getting on wonderfully at figures, Mary." " He can go to evening school, or prac tice here at home." " So he can," said my father, rubbing his hands together in a nervous manner. "Philip," said my stepmother, turning suddenly to me, "how should you like to be your uncle William's boy ? " "Very well." "You don't say that to please your father and me, Philip?" she asked sharply. "You mean it ?" " Yes." "It is early to begin the world, my boy," remarked my second mother ; ".but many a boy has begun at an earlier age, at harder work, and seen grand days before he died. Many a man- shop !" Out went my father again; another loaf, another item in another memoradum-book. " Many a boy," continued my stepmother, "has started in life at your age, and been a gentleman at one-and-twenty. You stand a chance, Phil, as well as any one who has gone before and made a fortune, though you are a little headstrong. You are the first boy in arithmetic class you know." " Yes; and Jack Bradley, at our school, is sixteen years of age, mother." " To-morrow you. shall see your uncle, Philip.' "I wish it was anybody else." " Anybody rather than Mr. Barchard ? ' : " Yes." "Never mind, boy; you'll soon fall into his ways, if you only get the chance. It's very silly our building on this place for you; places are soon filled now-a-days.'' My father returned to the parlour, bring ing with him two great account-books, an inkestand, and a torn sheet of very dirty blotting-paper. A fit of the books was threatening. These fits occurred once a month or so, and required perfect quietness in our parlour. I sat y the empty. fire-grate, with my head against the mantelpiece, and watched my father's haggard face turned to the great account books, his half-bewildered stare at the rows of smeared figures, his pen between his lips, his nervous, agitated hand tremrbling as it turned leaf after leaf. 'It was his book of fate, in which.little hope was to be read for the future, let him study never so hard. 'I may venture, without egotism, to say that at twelve years of age t was a better account ant than my 'father-certainly I could not have been a worse-but my father's pride or shame would not allow me to lay a finger on his books. Therefore he sat and studied, and ground his teeth over his accounts, and made nothing clearly out of them, save that he was getting on very badly in the worll, and everybody in the world with whom lie Was personally acquainted was uncommonly fond of credit. After a time I strayed into the shop, took my post at the street door, and watched the* straggling inhabitants of Harp-street. My stepmother, ever busy, sat behind the coun-. ter patching the Sunday black waistcoat of my father, and although I stood two good hours on the threshold of my home she did not onceintrude upon my thoughts. And they were natural boy-thoughts of mine that night. Thoughts of the school master and schoolfellows, who would miss me from the school-room in the next street when I was busy with the world. I knew that I should not go to school again, even if my.Uncle Barohard did not want a boy. I know that affairs were very black at No. 54, Harp-street, Bethnal Green, and it was niy part, with the rest, to help to lighten. them. I did not admire Uncle Barchard; I did not care to be in his service, he was so hard and cold a man. I would have preferred the place of errand-boy to some of the large tradesmen in the vicinity to sitting in Mfr. Barchard's chaise, and holding the reins whilst he was busy with his customers. My Uncle Barchard was the one dislike of my life; yet he was my dead mpther's only brother, and that mother had loved him very dearly. My Uncle Barohard was one of those men of whom my stepmother had lately spoken; a man who had started in life with a few pence in his pocket, who was a poor clerk at twenty-two shillings a week when my father fell in love with his delicate-looking sister, and who was then, at forty-seven years of age, chief agent and collector for a great London flour firm, and pocketing a salary of six hundred a year. Deep in my own thoughts, standing at the door of my father's little shop that summer evening, 'I tried to draw the .picture of my self when years had made a man of me, wondering whether the world would treatmo gently or drag me down to ruin, Those who had had such thoughts as mino when they were young, perhaps, were drift ing down the dimly-lighted streot-shadow3 figures of poverty, shadowy and more dark figures of orime--hadows of honest .labour trudging home to wife and children- shadows of the desolate and lost, hurrying with their flaunting rags to brighter thoroughfares where idleness and folly might be duped. A horse and chaise-quite a novelty in Harp-street-stopped before a shop a few yards lower down on the opposite side of the way, and distracted my thoughts from foolish speculation. It was another baker's shop, a brilliantly lighted shop, with plate-glass windows and fancy gas-burners, the opposition which two years ago had opened in the neighbourhood and spoiled my father's business. The owner of that shop was a great man too-another man who had risen on a sixpence and set up shops in every part of London-a man. who speculated in small profits for quick returns, and was said to be worth " heaps and heaps of money." "There's Mr. Tackeridge called for the week's money over the way, mother," I cried. "I see him," answered Mrs. Farley. " The shopwoman is giving him two bags of silver, mother, such large ones! Look." " I don't want to look, Philip," said my stepmother, testily. "Is that Tackeridge?" inquired my father, putting his head round the parlour door, with the pen still in his mouth., "e Yes." " I want to speak to him a moment about our awful price here," said my father; "'per haps I might induce him to go up a half penny a loaf. Phillip, my boy, just run across and ask Mr. Tackeridge to stay a moment. Mary, where's my coat ?" Mr. Tackridge was skipping briskly to his chaise when I touched him on the arm. Mr. Tackeridge, a tall, slim man, of three or'four and thirty, with a profusion of sandy hair and whiskers hanging about a keen-looking face, stopped and stared at me. "What's the matter, boy?" " "If you please, sir, father wants to speak to you." " Who's your father ? " " Mr. Farley, sir." "0 !" and Mr. Tackeridge gave a skip into the chaise and seized his whip. " I can't stay now boy. I'm in a very great hurry. He can see me at Mark-Lane." "My father's comingnow, sir. He wants to talk to you about the price, ' the awful price,' he says, sir." Mr. Tackeridge burst into a merry. little laugh, whipped his horse and drove off in the best of spirits. " Why wouldn't he stop-what did. he say, Phil ?" asked my father full of indig nation, as I met him at the door. " He was in a very great hurry-you could see him at Mark-Lane." "A shame-faced scamp," ejaculated my father; "frightened to meet a poor old:man like me." He glanced at the opposition over the way, shading his eyes with his hand, as though dazzled with the lights. " What's that-what's that ? They're changing the tickets in the window. Oh Lord!. I hope he's not going down again." But Mr. Tackeridge was " going down again," and that immediately. Mr. Tacker idge was a bustling man, anxious to create a stir in Bethnal Green, and earn a good name amongst his oistomers. He did not care for the very bad name his poorer brethren of the loaf bestowed upon him. So, . from the window of good Mr. :Taokeridge the baker,,there flashed upon the delighted vision of the Harp-street starveling a.huge handbill ornamented with great Roman cap itals and a Brobdignagian 6. - It was soon over Bethnal :Green, that " glorious news! Down again! Best bread, ed." The poor blessed Tackeridge for that halfpenny reduction; and the bakers 'ana thematised him heartily as they set up their own sixpenny tickets in the windows,, and began selling at an uncomfortable loss. My father, with a heavy heart; ttirnedhis own "Gd." to the light. I am not certain that he did not shed a few tears-over the'old battered tin ticket on which the simple numeral was inscribed. " -He can afford to lose ten or twenty pounds with his other shops at higher, prices," said my stepmother, savagely. "May he feel what it is to struggle for a penny as we have struggled these last three years. "? "No, no!" said my father, gently. "IT do not wish him harm. Don't say that,'Mary, please. Mr. Burton does not teach'us that." (Mr. Burton was'the 'Methodist:preaoher of Harp-street' chapel.) • . " I don't care," said Mrs. Farley, pet tishly. "Ishall see him to-morrow at Mark-Lane. 'Perhaps in half an hour's quiet talk I may be able to persuade him to change his mind, and go up like a good Christian to seven pence. ""Don't go on with such fool's talk, as that, Farley," cried my stepmother;. "??have you done your books?"' " Not quite." ' The mention of books brought'mny father to his senses. He: retreated into the back parlour, my stepmother sot to 'work afresh at the black waiscoat, and"I resumed my place at the door,:and thought of Mr. Tacke ridge, the great baker, ' whose .tradeo was swallowing up my father's. " SAnd this swallowing up goes on day after day incessantly-the, myriads in 'the water drop war not' against each other more fero ciously, than the myriads on this ball of earth revolving round the sun. The "minnows in the stream of trade, law, physic, literature, and all the sciences, go down the throats of the great-bellied Tritons, and the world for gets they ever lived. OIHAPTER II. If there is one spot in merry Engiand more devoted than another to the healthy business of money-making-one" spot' in which everything. is sacred to the golden 'calf, and where the lips of men move only to the tune of figures-sweetly ihispered hin dreds and thousands-that spot is withlin a few.minutes' walk of London Bridge. , It is a great vorterin which the money- makers are whirling round and round, sinking ocoa sionally by.the weight of their owvn mistakes \--a place where sellerand buyer meet thrice a week and haggle for a shilling-a temple where fortunes are,being made or lost. It draws wvithin'its circle men of all classes, of all religions, of all doegees of,. principle. Wheat merchants and their: agents, fat mil lionaires, 'who, on' the verge of the grave, wrestle for a few more thousands ere they die;. London millers and millers'from,the country-many of them of the sober Society of . Friends, .andl none the less, mono?-wor shippers for that-flour-factors, corn-chand h lers, bakers. Need I say that charmed spot.is situated in Mlark-lano-that narrow, dingy lane, down which more bankrupt lharts have passed, in its time. than ever crossed the Bridge of Sighs-tha't hot, close lane, where theo noises never coase, and where one of the pulses of the great' city is always beating feverishly ? .. At one o'clock on the following day the Mark-lane Corn.oxchango was at its height of business and excitement wheon my father ;,and I went, slowly up the stops. It was a great beehive in a very disorderly state, with everybody buzzing; mon,' with note-books in .their hands, runing in-andeout as if for the a,, le .purpose of creating a confusion ; men .on the stops booking orders; men in the ox change holding other men .by the button holes,: and whispering confidentially; men beforeo small counters, stoopisg over little bags of grain, shaking. up handfuls of corn, and scattering them about the.p'avement--a golden harvest for the sweeper; men with blue papor packets of flour, resembling largo 'seidlitz powers, opening and tasting; men .in search of other.men who wore looking for them everywhere; men quarrelling with "their milleors about the price, about the quality, about the time they took to execute th'ir orders; millers and wheat merchants: in . deep confabulation; shabby-genteel bakers pleading for a little more delay ore they settle that account, or begging hard for t- n more sacks, to be paid for in a fortnight; a ceaseless din of tongues and tread of feet, a clinking of money up-stairs in the coffee room"; a heavy sea of black and white hats Saind Qiauaker' ;'iuats "--a never-ending talk nf nash. :'t seemned to meimpossiblo to pick out my Uncle Barchard froin this mass; but my father knew Mark-lane better-would he '"had known the secret of trading in it better! -:and steeted hid way through the mob of :business-men, holding me tightly by the hand. He knew Mr. Barchard always ''hovered' near one place, and that he should ?' pounce upon him presently. My father foundhim standing near one of • the:little counters'that I have already men Stioned, discoursing with two stylish, tip-top, fashionable bakers. Mr. Barchard, by a significant roll of his left eye, implied a "'knbwledge'of: his brother-in-law's presence, and my:father drew back to wAit his turn.. :1i Whilst ivo 'waited, oie 'or two gentlemen 'rai: agaiist my father and shook him heartily by the' hand, but did not inquire if he was a buyer that day-it was hardly worth the ' risk. :I leaned against the wall-a stray 'atom on that 'turbulent ocean--and watched my 'Uncle Barchard. : " He was a stout man of forty.years of age, 'nd some five feet ten in 'height-a large limbed; heavy kind of man, who was not to Sbe'trdeted in chdises with weak springs, and who would have come off liadly in a fall-a ::ian who would have been scowled at for the ':thirteenth in 'an omnibus, and 'have looked -''out of place on a race-horse or' in a wager '?boat-a man of :many:stone. His face was broad and sleepy-looking, lit up` and re deemed from total dullness by two great -'brown eyes, which had within their depths an, observant, calculating look-eyes tdo which suggested thoughts of their owner ii, having,been rather a handsome fellow once upon?:a ltime. "His nose -and mouth were large, and his neck had long since dis appeared between'-his shoulders, the weight. of his head proving attlast too much for it. His hands and feet-conspicuous articles in )his personal appearance-were almost huge enough for the figures that guard the temple. eonfaameses. A few minutes -sufficed to settle the busi ni nessarf .tha stylish bakers-a line' in Mr. Barchard's:note-lkook,.a shake of the hands, iiaegrim kind of smile on: my uncle's.visage, .and ;they were gone, and he was looking round for my father. I My father and I advanced.. "Well, Philip," observed Mr. Barchard, ,:in: adry,.deep tone, " what's the matter ? " Nothing wrong. with the last lot of flour, I ,.,shope :? , . :,"? Nothing; Mr. William, thanki you," ,, said my; father. "Shall we settle the account upstairs ? " "?'I Ihave not come to settle it to-day,. Mr. .William,,? said my father, meekly; "the @pripe, is: very bad, and Tackeridge-is doing s' allie,can to make it worse. Perhaps you .-will, be. kind enough.to mention that to Mr. Crawley ? " .. , w· ll." My uncle was a man. who seldom wasted words. I stood by my father's side, looking ,,psinto..Mr. Barohard's face, and Mr. Bar chard had, by a slight glance and the ghost of a nod, acknowledged the existence of his sister'd child; but as for an inquiry concern ing the state of my health, I had not received that, and knowing Uncle Barchard pretty well, I had not expected it. "I don't wish to take up your time, Mr. 'William," said my father; "so I will just say what I. came for and then be off." :," Mr, Barchard' nodded.; i" When you were at my house last week, you happened to say that your boy was very Stroublesome, and you intended' to got rid 'of him, I think a slight dispute with another, :'?dy ho m'he had accidently struck in the eye with the whip orginated the conversation : -and--" "'Yes yes," remarked Mr. Barchard, im patiently, "' well, well?" S'And .if you want a boy at any time-I don't want to get the .other out of his situa '.tion, niind-I should' take it as a favour if you would remember Philip here; he's a .very handy, boy, indeed,, and- although I say it myself-a very good and quiet boy." 'M:, y; uncle's eyes rested on me. "He's very young." " Nearly thirteen," said I, "You want something for him to do, then, '::Philip ?" My father hung his head.. It was an nac knowledgment of how low he had fallen, and he could only imply it by looking on the ground. " Let him come on Monday to Orawley and Hodkins's mills-I'll try him. You kniow the way, boy ?" "Yes; "I've been once or twice with father's messages." " Very well; then come at eight o'clock." My uncle pursed his lips, thus dismissing the subject and his relatives together.. My father' thanked Mr. Barohard. and rol tired. Through the busy crowd-we threaded our way and came on to the hot pavement of' Mark-lane again. ' Bustling in our direc tion, With his right arm swinging violently, came Mr. Tackeridge, the speculative baker. "I made up my mind to spenak to him the first time I had a chance'," said my father, " and now I've got himi! Mr. Tackeridge was in a hurry, anm would have hastened by my father without obsorv ing him, had not.my father caught him by the sleeve and stayed his progress. Mr. Tackeridgo's face expressed recogni tion of my father, and beamed with smiles immediately.. "Alh! Mr. Barley-- Farloy," cried hoe, "how do you do? Fine weather this-very warm - bad for. trade though, bad for trade. How are the markets to-day-firm ? " "I don't know. I haven't asked." " Well, if you'll excuse meno I- " " One moment, Mr. Tackloridgeo," implored my father.." I am sorry to detain you if you are pressed for time, but I wish to ask when you are going to change that ticket in your window ? It's drugging us all to the work houso-it's shoving us poorer bakers to the wall and squeezing soul and body out of us. If you would only go up to sovonponce-it's a fair price as flour stands now you know you would be saving manny a man-liko me for instance-from bad dreams, bad debts, bad luck altogether." ".Mr. Farley," said Mr. Tackeridge, draw ing his arm with a jerk from my father's and towering above him like a giant, " I think the way I regulate my shops is totally my own business, and no one has a right to interfere with it. If I choose to lose twenty or thirty pounds to improve my connection or work off some flour I have purchased cheap, that's still my business, and hurts no one but myself. I can assure you, Mr. Farley," said he, running his hands through his sandy hair, "I have boon driven down right mad to-day with the Bothnal Green bakers, and I won't stand it any longer. If I can buy a thousand sacks of flour cheap enough to-day, I'll be hanged if I don't go to fivepence-halfpenny on Monday morn ing." "'You are a rich man. You cannot feel for such as I am." " O! yes, I can; O! yes, I can," replied Tackeridge. "I am doing, all this for the good of the parish; but you'do not seem to see it." "I don't see it "' replied my father, em phatically. "People will come to Bethnal Greon to buy their bread," said Mr. Tackeridgo, With one of his blue eyes-shut from the light of day in a very kniowing manner. " Bethnnal Green will got the credit of being the best place to buy cheap and good broad in-con nection extends-businoss gets briek-up we go to sevenponce." Mr. Tackeridge did not wait for another word upon the subject, but darted into the corn exchange, and was soon shaking hands, right and left, with a score of friends. Mr. Tackeridge probably made large pur chases that afternoon, and gave heavy cheques on his banker for the last week's flour that had been consumed in his dozen dashing shops, and my father went wearily hoime to Harp- street and to the penny mem orandum-books, which were pouring in like hail. Ah! fine ladies and fine gentlemen who may in idle hours glance at these pages, do nbt think lightly of the troubles of my poor old father, or believe that 'in the business life of his son there is no story which can interest with its romance or warn by its example. There are stories worth the telling in the lives of thousands who live and die far east of Temple Bar. I think mine is one of them, or I.would not have'resolved to give it to the world. If in the cliequered progress'of that life sboe moral may be deduced from, its relation, its confessions, the p6e, has not bleen taken up in vain. OHAPTER III. The steam flour-mills of Messrs. Orawley' and Hodkino were situated in upper Thames street. They consisted of a massive brick building, standing by the water side-a building' full of doors, aid trapse, and cranes, with somethiig like a large wooden watch-box near the roof. The paved yard was full of waggons, horses, and dusty carmen, as I made my appearance on the premises of Messrs. Orawley and Hodkins; Every door in the building was open, and sacks of flour were swngingg in the air and descending into waggone; horses were being harnessed and sworn at; whips were cracking right and left, and men were receiving orders and pa pers from a clerk seated at an open window of a little brick house near the gates. There was a giant chimney giving out volumes of smoke in rivalry of other chimneys across the river; and echoing from the mills before me I could hear a constant plunge, rattle, plunge, rattle, indicative of steam-power hard at work within the walls. I was dressed in a neat dark suit of clothes, which, confidentially, was my Sun day best; and a new hard hat, bought on Saturday night, for four and threepence, weighed heavily upon my head. I did not find my gentlemanly appearance attract any particular respect, for whilst looking round in search of Uncle Barchard I: was rudely jostled by a white-coated miscreant bent double by a sack of flour, who covered me from head to foot with fine white powder, and knocked my new hat on the stones with a tremendous crash. Having been accustomed to call. tcasion ally at the mills with messages and small instalments of money from my father, I was at no loss in what manner to proceed upon finding Uncle Barchard absent from the yard, After knocking as much flour out of my Sunday clothes as was possible on the emergency, and carefully examining the con dition of my new hat before I replaced it on my head, I crossed to the counting-house window, and watching my opportunity made inquiry of the clerk concerning Mr. Barchard. "He won't be hero this half hour; what do you want with him? " "I am Mr. Barchard's new boy-Master Farley." S"0! are you? Then you had better got the horse and chaise ready. Hero's the key." The young man unceremoniously flung a key at me, which I tool up from the pave uent and attentively regarded. " Horo's the key!"" What key? . He could not mean the key of the horse, or the key of the chaise; he must mean the key of the stables wherein one or other was to be found. After waiting five minutes, during which he distributed. more papers to more carmen, I found another chance to speak, "If you please, sir, where am I to find the horse and chaiso?" " Bother the boy! what does he como hero harassing for ? Hero Ike, Ike, Iko ! " Ike, a whito-smooked nondescript, not quito a man and a few sizes larger than a boy, a bullet-headed, round-shouldored stari.,g individual, the solos of whose hoots were four inches thick and made of wood, came clattering across the yard. "Yes, Mr. Stool," touching his cap. "This is Mr. Barchard's noew boy. Just show him the stables and the way to har ness the horses, will you? and-look alive." "All right, sir." "And look alive ! " repeated Mr. Stool, in a sarcastic runner. "'You understand ?" "All right, sir," replied Ike, a second time. Iko, beckoning, me to follow, tore off across the yard, in and out among the waggons, and under the noses and the nose bags of the horses, his shoes rattling in clog-hornpipo fashion over the stones. Holding my hat on with both hands, for it was a shade too big for me, I woent dodging after IIke, whose rapidity of action and agility under difficulties were certainly re markable. However, after losing sight of him three times and being nearly run over twice, I caught sight of the flutter of his white smock whisking round an angle of the wall. Rushing full speed towards the object of pursuit, I turned the corner in breathless haste, and. was' rather startled to find Iko, now Mr. Steel's range of .vision was ob structed by the wall, sitting in a heap against a. stable-door, nursing his knees complacently. *" Well, young un i " The manners and customs of the inhabit ants of Harp-street, Bethinl,, Green, had initiated me into this popular style of ad dress amongst the working classes, and my liatural reply was " Well, old one I " " So you are the now boy, are you ? Old Barchard's boy ? 0 ! ain't B. a twister ? " "Is he, though ?" " He's one of the strangest old elephants that ever you'll have to put up with in the course of your blessed life, I can tell you." "I'm sorry for that." "He horsewhipped the last boy till he couldn't see out of his eyes for making a watch-guard out of his mare's tail. " My stars, how lihe did lay on to him ! " Tll' reminiscence of this slight skirmish between Mr. Barchard and my predecessor was too much for .Ike's gravity, so rocking himself to and fro he enjoyed a hearty laugh. " You'll catch it soon enough-see if you don't," said Iko, suddenly becoming grave. "You mustn't say your soul's your own, nor your body neither, nor cut up rough if it's ever so bad with you, or the rain comes down ever so hard on that liat." He stared at my new hat and maintained a stolid cast of countenance; but feeling certain that I was the victim of a solemn species of chaff, I did not reply to his ob servations. "You'll wish yourself in heaven, young un, in a fortnight, if he doesn't send you to it with the butt-end of his whip afore that," said Ike, rising from his easy positioin, taking the key from my hand and unlooking the door of the chaise-house. "I dare say I shall get used to him in time." "Here, lend a hand, lazy-bones," cried Ike, crawling leisurely towards the chaise. " This is old Barohard's turn-out, and in the next crib you'll find the mare. And a stun ning mare she is when she isn't in one of her kicking fits." "She's a kicker, then ?" I inquired, nervously. "She'll smash the bottom of the shay in in half a minute, if you only vex her or show her a Punch and Judy; And if old Barchard gets out of the gig just a minute, -she's off like a shot all along the pavement.. The last boy insured his life." "You don't mean it!" " And the boy afore that," said he, in a stage whisper, "'was thrown out of'the gig, and had his head smashed in awful!" These revelations did not tend to reconcile me to my first place, although I had'an idea that the young gentleman' before me' was prone to exaggeration. . After the chaise had been drawn into the yard by our united :efforts, Ike introduced mo to the mare, and proceeded to explain, to the best of his ability, the process of har nessing and unharnessing, at the same time taking great pains to bring his dusty smock as often as possible against my black jacket and trousers. Whilst thus combining amusement with business in a novel' manner peculiar to him self, Ike instructed me in the art of putting Mr. Barchard's horse into the chaise. " There you are," said he, backing admir ingly and drawing my arm in a friendly manner through his own, " there's as neat a turn-out as any gennelman would wish to see-any gennelman, mind you, I don't mean that old Barch- ." Mr. Barchard at a slow rate of progression came round the corner. Ike's back was towards him, but catching the reflection of the managing man in the panels of the gig, he took his cue ac cordingly. " And as I wase a saying, you'll find Mr. Barehard the best-tempered, kindest sort of man, if you'll only behave yourself and be a good. boy. Treat him well, young un, and he'll treat you well-I can answer for that., There isn't a better - 0 1 Mr. Bar chard, here you are, and here's the now boy. I've been a talking to him about his duties to you, sir." "Be off," said Mr. Barchard, gruffly. "All right, sir." And with this comfortable observation, used by Ike on every occasion-ho had caught the habit from his father who was an omnibus conductor-he touched his hat and ran off in' alarming haste. " You're pretty punctual." " Yes uncle." "You needn't call me uncle, I don't like it." "Very well, sir." "You needn't tell everybody that I am your uncle." " Very well, sir." Mr. Barchard, after stowing ca largo oil skin bag, ornamented with a little brass lock, undorneath the seat of the chaise, climbed in rather an unwioldly manner to Iris seat, and motioned me to a place by his side. Mr. Barchard oracked his whip, and at the signal waggons were drawn aside to lot the chaise pass, aod teams of horses woro unceremoniously huddled to the wall. Ike was vory:busy in vociforating.iustructious to the men to get out of Mr. Barchard's way, and touched his hat in a most respectful manner as we drove past him. We wore soon out of Thames-stroot, and rattling over B3lackfriars Bridge. Being perched in a chaiso was a novel sensation to me, and I rather liked it. I should have liked it more had I not screwed mysolf into too small a compass for the bettor accommo dation of Uncle Barchard's person. Uncle Barchard, who was a man of more observation than I had imagined, suddenly fixed his eyes on me. " What are you sitting like that for ?" he demanded. " I was afraid you- ." I stopped. I thought any allusion to the space my Uncle Barchard naturally required might tend to wound his feelings. " There's plenty of room," said Mr. Bar chard, " without your lookling as if you'd broken something. Sit up." I assumed a more life-like position, and Mr. Barehard was silent till he reined in the horse before a baker's shop near Ken nington Common. "Now, your place is to hold the reins and to keep the mare quiet till I come back." My uncle got out of the chaise, took his large oilskin bag from the box underneath the seat, and waddled into the baker's. A quarter of an hour afterwards he waddled out again with a lump of money in a corner of the black bag, and away we drove once more. For one hour Uncle Barchard maintained a rigid silence, and I sat by his side wist fully regarding his severe-looking face, wondering whether he had loved my mother much, and if the heart underneath that wide old-fashioned waistcoat were of a cor responding size to the other portions of his frame- a doubtful point I fancied. Mr. Barchard's business that day lay with the country bakers' and his day's drive included Norwood, Sydenham, Penge, and Croydon-a pleasant ride to me whose life had been passed in London streets, and who had only once or twice in my short exist once seen fields, and trees, and hedge-rows -seen them on highdays and holidays, when my father's business was better, and there was no Mr. Tackeridge over the way to be always "down again." Not wholly a pleasant ride, for when the novelty had died away, when the fresh breeze from the Surry hills had brought a tinge of colour to my cheeooks, and the Norwood land scapes were less objects' of absorbing in terest, I began to think of my old father slaving out his life in Harp-street, and to wish that he was enjoying such a ride as mine. I may say here that although a thoughtful, I was not a sensitive boy-one easily im pressed by trifles. There was a certain depth to bore-a stratum to pierce through-before my heart was touched. The life of indigence at home, the neighbourhood in which I lived, the rough companions at the poor school where I won .the Christmas prizes-i have tlhem still!--served to mould my character, and what followed tended not to soften me. I mention this, because my sudden change in life engendered many. thoughts that day, and made a girl of me. Thinking of my father's position in society, and of its contrast with my uncle's, of my uncle's wealth and my father's growing trou bles, brought to my eyes a few strange tears, some of which dropped on the wrapper thatt screened my knees from the: wind. I was rather surprised to hear: Uncle Barchard say immediately " What's the matter?' " "Nothing, sir." " Do you generally cry for'nothing?" "I wasn't crying,": I answered quickly; "I only felt the water come into my eyes -just a little-I was thinking of my father." "Is hlinot well?" " Far from wvell, sir. He works too hard." Uncle Barchard was getting conversational, for he went on " Hard at the business, you mean ? " " Yes. He only keeps a boy of seventeen in the bakeohouse. He does nearly till the work himself. He works all day and then he is up again at three in the .morning.to set the batch of bread for the early customers. My father works very. hard indeed, sir. And then there's that Tackeridge to worry him." I ran on, very full of my father's cares, and although Mr. Barchard looked straight before him down the dusty country road, bordered by the sturdy elms whosoe branches touched over head and made a rustling green canopy, yet I was quick enough to detect a listener. "And that Tackeridge, sir," said I, indig nantly, " he makes things worse by going down to sixpence and selling under awfully, and giving bumping weight with every loaf, and-so he goes it." We drove into a village and drew up before another baker's shop. It was nearly twelve o'clock, and the oilskin bag was getting heavy. Mr. Barchard had a slight dispute with the owner of this rustic shop-which I only wished was my father's-and as I sat in the chaise, whipping some troublesome flies off the horse's backc, I could hear high words in the back parlour, and my uncle's grumb ling because there was no money forthcoming for Messrs. Crawley and Hodkins. Mr. Barolhard reoumed his place by my side after the wlarn dioseusion with the coun try baker, and did not asppear. to be greatly disturbed in temper when we were fahirly off again. I believe he would have maintained the same expressionless cast of countenance undtler any cirouinstances-at a wedding or a futniral, in his brightest day of prosperity or in i crurt of banukruptcy; and I believe, more over, that that face was an index to the dog god, determined nature which had led him stept by steop to the position he then held. ST'o tmy surprise Mr. Barchard first broke silence. " Your father has ait trouble in making thing;s squtare, I suppose,.boy ?" " Square, sir ?" "I paying iup to the mark, " he ex plained, in a gruff voice. 0 0 ! yes, sir-always." Young to the world and unsuspecting, flattered by Uncle Barchanrd's notice, I torgot the respect doi to tmy father's busi ness matters. " Does he deal with any millers besides Crawley and Hodkins ? " t" One, sir." " Who's that?" " Mr. Markham of Greenwich." "Does ab pay 'him regularly ?" " I.think so, sir. Mr. Markham calls very regularly, at all events." A grim twitch of the mouth which might hn taken for a suppressed smile or not, accor ding to the beholder's power of fancy, altered tir I moment the oulntenanc of cIl'rsl Crawley and lodkins's collector. Mr. 1Barchard continued to talk, much to my inward satisfaction. I Idlt that I should like the heavy gentleman when I got thor oughly used to him. "Then you don't think your father's san ing money ?" "Losing, sir. Fast." Mr. Barchard took a note-book from his broeastpocket and turned over several pages. 'Thirty sacks at fifty- sevein ehilliegs, net," he muttered. "Sir? " "I was not speaking to you," was the abort reply, as he replnced the hoolt in his pocket after a slight hurried scratohing with a lead pencil on thd p;go to which he had re ferred. I was puzzlod at his manner thon; it was not long beforo I fully understood it. "Do you know how many eacks your father bakes a weeol, Philip Farley? " "Nine, eir --sometimes ton." "3Bad. That woman-your mother, I meoan--seeoms a good hand at business. Is she ? " "She's very sharp with the customers, Mr. Barchard, especially with thoso.s who want trust." "Then she ought to keep the business together." "B13ut that Tackeridge, sir." "Alh! yes." " Father says Tackeridge will ruin him if he doesn't go up to eovenrponce." " Sovenpenco is only a fair price," com mented Mr. Barchard. A long pause, during which we were ap proaching Croydon. Mr. Barchard, loss taciturn thaou myself, began again. " -oew old did you say you wore ? " " Going on for thirteen." "How old wore you wlron Elle'-wh-on your mother died ? " " Five, sir;" "Alh!" Mr. Barchard spoke no more till' we had entered Croydon town and stopped at a largo commercial inn. When we had alighted and Mr. Barchard had prudently removed his oilakin bag, an ostler and a stablo-boy eonorged from a side yard and proceeded to rake off with the horse and chaise. An hour's rest-Mr. Barchard in a private room, whore he got through a hurried lunch, wrote half- a-dozen.letters, and road the mo ney article in the Times, and myself in a kind of coffee-room with half a pint of . ale and some bread and cheese which I had brought from Harp-street. When we were in the chaise again my uncle handed me a letter saying "Put that in your pocket, boy." ' " For me, sir?" " For your father." I coloured; I felt that tthe letter' had something to do with my communications before dinner on the Croydon road. I began to have less confidence in Unicle Barchard too. I did not understand him. At four o'clock in the afternoon, after some delays at Streatham, we approached the vicinity of Brixton Hill, where the wholesalers retreat after business hours to fancy residences of every order and disorder of architecture, where the boarding- schools are numerous, where the reformatory shields the erring and unfortunate, where, the great prison is. Farther down the hill, a villa of smaller dimensions than those we had lately passed, asserted its right to public notice ; a villa brilliant with fresh paint and plate glass windows, and emerald-green. Venetian blinds. There was a narrow circular walk leading to the house that might, by a liberty of speech, be termed a carriage-drive, and Mr. Barchard whirled reclcleossly 'along, it, damaging the box-edging to a considerable extent, and reining in his horse before a portico, which as an entrance to Covent Garden Theatre might have been a trifle more proportionate. I caught sight of Wheatehoaf Villa, written on the entrance-gates, and on., the brass door-plate, which was fiery in the sun, I read the name of Tackeridge. " Does he live here ?" I cried out., "Who ?" "Tackeridge, the baker." "Don't ask questions," snubbed my un cle; " it's no business of yours.'' My uncle descended, oilskin bag in hand, and walked to the street- door, After,a lively summons on the knocker the door was opened by an ugly little page, whose tight fitting jacket was the envy of . every boy in Brixton, it had so many buttons. Fresh theme for thought when the door had olcsod and I was shut out in the hot sun. So that was Mr. Tackeridge's rosi donce-there the man planned his schemes for making his dozen shops pay a fair per centage, for puffing off his name in London streets, for troubling the souls of other bakers by going down again-that man, the evil genius of my father. "What does he care about his neighbour in Hairp-street, 13ethnal-Green, when he comes here night after night ?" I thought. "What has he done to rise thus in the world, and be able to live like a gentleman, while my father pines his life away in the stifling East-end streets ? 0! to know the soecret of this man's success and see my father getting rich, what would I give what would I give!" God forgive me for the evil that lay at my boy's heart that day, the covetousness with which I envied other men's goods, the dark thoughts which were clouding me as I sat before the house of him who had brought misfortune on my father's head, sat there wishing that my father was a rich man, and Tackeridge a poor shopkeeper tortured by continual opposition from over the way ! My thoughts were.suddenly dispelled by a voice which seemed issuing like a gnome's from the bright red gravel. It was a low, sweet, musical voice, and, after a slight start, I leaned from the chaise to look for the owner of it. Standing on tiptoe, with two tiny gloved hands resting fearlessly on the spokes of the wheel, and two tiny foot in im minent danger of being crushed if the wheel but made half a revolution, was a fair-haired little girl of eleven years of ago. She had stolen round from the side gate to satisfy her curiosity respecting the visitor to. Wheat sheaf Villa. A fair-haired, pretty child, with a Tackeridgo expression on her face, which was shaded by a large straw garden hat, decorated with blue ribbons. There was a display of finery in the child's dress which could have been dispense w.ith'to ad vantage, the rich material, gay colours,- and fashionable cut, making too much of a lady of her. " Has Mastor Edon come, my lad ? "Who, miss ? ". Lasked. " Mastor Esdon; E-s--e--d--o-n den-Esdon." " I really don't know, M?iso-Miss Tacker idgoe I didn't bring him." "Howe did you know my. name was Tackoridgo ? " asked the young lady in rather a peremptory manner: . "I thought it might be-that's all, miss." I was disconcerted by the first young lady whom I had soon in my life, and with a face as red as the geraniums in the contro bed on the small grass-plat, I kept dropping my reins and picking them up again in a very nervous manner. " My goverricnss tells me never to express an opinion.when I am not positive as to its correctness." " Does she, mum ? " " Who's in the house with my. pa, then, boy, if Master Esden has not come?". " Mr. Barchard, miss." " Has Mr. Barchard come to take away a lot more money of my pa's in thatnasty shiny bag of his?" . "I think it's very likely, Miss Tacker idge.'' .. "Annie, Annie, come away, do !" cried a voice from the side gate. Annie, although she must havoedistinctly heard the request, took not the slightest no tice of it,:but continued her examination of the embarrassed Master Farley. ' You're a now boy, are you not?" " Yes, miss." "Annie," repeated the voice from the side gate, " do you not hear me speaking ? Come away, I insist." . "-What did the other boy. leave for ? " Miss Tackoridge asked, curiously. "I--I think there's some one calling you, miss." "0 ! it's only Miss Mackintosh." Miss Mackintosh;, losing all patience, 'bounced from the side gate [and:'made a dash at Annie. Miss Mackintosh .was a small body with a blue sunshade to her bonnet 'and blue mittens to her hands-a thin-faced, faded lady of an uncertain age. * Miss Mackintosh, with surprising volu bility, opened fire on the small offender. "How dare you behave in this manner, you naughty child, and leave the summer-hquse and your reading-lesson without even asking leave? I shall report' this conduct to your papa and mamma immediately,. who, I trust, will severely reprimand you for so gross and unbecoming belhaviour.. Please to return to the garden, directly, Miss Tackeridge.".' "Well, I'm sure!'. * The freezing look bestowed on Miss Mack intosh staggered the lady with the blue. mit tens, though she made a second: attempt to assert her authority. ..... " Take your gloves off that-muddy wheel, do Miss T. I'm ashamed .of you, I amrin deed! Good gracious, if the wheel was to go round you would be crushed to atoms! " "Miss Mackintosh," observed the young lady, without changing her position, "I shall feel obliged by your not making a scene here for the amusement of this lad." " O! you naughty. girl, O0! you wicked girl," gasped forth Miss Mackintosh. "0! my goodness gracious, I will tell your, pa directly-I will indeed." Miss Mackintosh trotted back to the garden gate and disappeared. ;MissTacker idgo looked up at: me with arhalf'smile. " I don't think' she'll tell my, pa; and if she does my papa will only latghp tand mamma will say that I shall know 'better by-and-by, and so that is all the harm Miss Mackintosh will do me." The window to the left of the portico was that instant violently' thrown up,. and 'Mr. Tackeridge's sandy head appeared between the damask curtains. " Annie, go in." 'Annie, biting her lip, still maintained her ground. " Annie! ' shouted Mr. Tackeridge, "will you go in ?" Annie wavered, turned pale, murmured, "yes, pa;" and releasing her hold of the wheel, walked slowly and majestically to the garden-gate, which a moment afterwards banged violently and frightened the horse. Whilst I' was tightening the reins with difficulty, Mr.. Barchard was let outat the front door of Wheateheaf Villat -iMr. Tackeridge, with his hands :jingling' some money in his trousers' pockets, took his place on the threshold. When Mr. Barchard was' in the chaise, Mr. Taokeridge called out "Better say fifty-five shillings again?.' " Can't do it, Mr. Tackeridge."'.i ? " I'll make it five hundred sacks." Mr. Barchard shook his 'head against temptation. "You won't?" " " I can't." :: "'" " Good day, then." "Good day; sir." Mr. Barchard's chaise was half way round the carriage- drive when the' voice of Mr. Tackeridge hailed him from' beneath "'the portico. : ::an"d "Fifty-five and six, then. I 'suppose I must have them." Mr. Barhobard took his note-book out,:and registered the order. ' ' " How many shall we say? " "Three hundred. And, Mr. Barchard--." " Sir." " Send fifty to Harp-street aso soon as pos sible-we're rather busy there." I did not doubt it-no one else was busy in Bethnal Green excepting Mr. Tackeridge. " Fifty-to- Harp--treet-soon.== as possible," I epeated' Mr. Barchard to his note-book. "Thank you." A reiteration of "'good-days," and we were off again. At the gate a tall lad, three or' four years my senior, stood waiting for the chaise to pass. A handsome, dark-haired, dark-eyed stripling, who nodded With hn easy grace to Mr. Barchard. "How do you do sir ?" " Ah 1 Master Esden, how are you ?" : " Very well, I thank you." . So that ws' 'Master Esden, concerning whom Annie Tackoridge had been anxious. I glanced at him curiously, wondering who Master Esden was, and whether his father was a baker-a baker always going ' down again," and consequently a bosom friend of Mr. Tackeridgo. " What 'did Miss Tackeridgo :want 'with you, boy'?" asked 'Mr.' Barchard, as' we drove along the Brixton 'Road. I related the particulars. ' IT' rather obstinate," he muttorod. * "I've got a little girl at home about her ago .-not her tempor, though." I had hoard my fathor speak of Mr. Bar chard's wife, and know that she had died a few years bclk. I had hoard somothing about this child too, once or twice, but neither my father nor I had over sot oyos on Mr. Barchard's daughter. I speculated na to the personal appearance of Miss Bar chard the remainder of the ride Iome to Upper Thameo- stroot-if tho wore a nice Sgirl-if she woro anything life 'Miss Tackor idgo, who looked so nice in her garden hat? No, no, not like Miss Tackeridge, but very :. like her father,-she must ho a fat, ovorsized child, with a bull-neck and popping.out eyes S-a disagreeable, taciturn child, whom no body could love. As we passed through the gates loading to Messrs. Crawley and Hod kina's steam flour-mill, the yard was in its last stage of bustle, and the sun was sotting Sbehind the pile of house-roof. Empty wag gons were coming in, tired horses and jaded carters were overy instant turning round the * corhor, the day's labour for the majority of workers was nearly at an ond. Thore would be a stray waggon, with horses and cartors a shado more weary and jaded, corm Singin some hours hence, but thoro was rest for most of Messrs. Crawley and Hodkins's servants at eight o'clock at night. Yet life and labour in the mill and its vicinity never wholly slept; the watchman in the yard wias up all night, the lights were over burning in the mill, and the plunge, rattle, plunge, rattle, of the engines wont on unceasingly. . Ike, the industrious, came running to re ceive the chaise ; never was a boy to all ap penrances more prompt and willing. Mr. Barchard descended and propooded to carry ;.his oilskin bag into tho counting-house, S-tolling me that I could go homo as soon as I pleased-and that I was not to be later 'than half-past eight next morning, and that I was not to forgot his letter to my father. .:. (To be continued.l 