SHAKSPEAKIAN READING. [From " Echoes from the Bush," in Tuesday's ttby-wfrr. j SCENE FKO.U MACBETH. Hecate -Iforl. H. B. T. Strangwavs. fiivt WitcA—Hon. H. K. Hughes. frrond H'i/cA—Hon. W. Cavenagh. Third Witch—Hon. J. Colton. H-xiif—The Cabinet. In the middle a cauldron boiling. E..U;- (U thru. Witdu-s. F.V.-" IWtrk.—-Thrice Sir James has asked our plans. 0)id Witch.—Thrice! and once has Bagot too. Third W'iich.—Barrow cries, " 'tis timi, 'tis time!" Fir.it Witch.—Round about the cauldron g>i; In the strange ingredients throw, Culled by Strangwavs' wily brain Our uncertain seats to gain. And by his resolved decree Brew we now our policy. Free-list that a month ago Had not found a way to grow, Poor birth- strangled innocent, Only for small items meant, Now enlarged to hold a lot- Boil thou first i' the charmed pot. All.—Double, double toil and trouble.. Ere we can the public bubble Sccoud Witch.— Now put in as proves expedient Every popular ingredient, W hether good or bad it be, Of a new Land Policy: Crnde ideas as they go, Seek them high and seek them low, On the flags, or faintly fleeting From report of country meeting; Nor the useful hints disdain Picked from Opposition brain, Former speeches on the question, Hard indeed for my digestion, Which of course must be forgotten Lest they prove our hopes are rotten. Former schemes a new disguise in, Dust to throw the people's eyes in, Plans to let the dummy tribe in, And, when careful iv describing How Victoria sells l er land, Blunders dexteroi tl/ planned. More new areas for selection, Yearly rent three pounds per section^ 1 "urchase-money ne'er demanded, Runs cut up and sheep disbanded, Everything that every dreamer, Stupid doit, or hungry schemer, Ventures to require of me, Blend we with our policy. -1 //.—Double, double toil and trouble. Ere we can tlie public bubble! Third Witch.-—Now we mingle in a tries Every catchpenny device, Specious dodge and doctrine crude, Taking with the multitude. Public works aud projects rash Paid for out of borrowed cash, Railway line to Narracoorte, Dropping out Mac-Donnell's Port Now that Riddoch's vote no longer Makes our faithful party stronger, Bonus for each new production, Purely secular instruction, Land selectors free and-glorious, Tariff closely like Victoria's, Duties raised to ten per cent Manufactures to augment— And augmenting, as they're planned, Prices of all goods on hand, So that five per cent I see un On mv my stock of «a<tdlei-v— saddlery— ^^t in the Sessfon flown We've opposed or let alone, For a charm of powerful trouble, In the cauldron boil and bubble. All.—Double, double toil and trouble. Ere we can the public bubble! First Witch.—All. opponents to deter Pour in snarls at Register, And to give us every hope Scatter plenty of soft soap, Soothing the "electors rude; Then the charm is firm and good. Ent-r Titrate. Uncut,—Oh, well doue! I commend vour pains And every one shall share i' the gains. And now about the cauldron sing Like Colton playing kiss i' the ring; And turn your coats that all may see We've go a bran new policy, Reversing in- all we've doue before — Twill win us, trust me, votes galore. IS'ing. Black, sweiir it is white; Blue, swear it is grey; \\\ rangte, wrangle, wrangle - All for power and pay! [JJi'it-.r o.I'd ii„t.] Wii.IR II. li. T. STUAN'O'WAVS THIXKN. [By Biglow's Ghost.] Mr. Strangwavs is clearly a very smart man; Re knows nothing of law, cares for nothing but place: ° ; | | ! \ . : ' ! Yet for making consistency part of his plan He has manfiged to jockev'the rest in the race. For, says H." B. T. Strangways, says he, You may do what you like if I am but A. G." ^Mr. Bagot, the Chief, he is pompous and dull. With an aptitude wondrous for getting in scrapes; Every move he s attempted has proved a great mull, And no one can tell whv dismissal he 'scapes. But, says H." B. T. Strangways, says he, 1 would sack him .at once/but it might sack me," Mr. Lavingtou Clyde says the Governor's wrong In dissolving the House without first asking him, And he says when they meet Strangways won't stop in long, For his cup of ingenuity's filled to the brim. But H. B. T. Strangways. lie Says, '' I don't care a dump for Lavingtou G.'" Disorderly Dan, that perpetual bore, ThinksourlineCoustitutiou's a sell and a curse: As it's given us him Ave may well cry " encore," "Tis impossible clearly we e'er could do worse. But H. B." T. Strangways, he Cajoled him with hopes of becoming -J.P. Mc ssrs. Reynolds and Santo, and Sandover too, Say they're thoroughly sick of political life; The new Opposition their loss may well rue, For their voices were constantly heard in the strife. But says H. B. T. Strangways, says he, "I shan't cry iny eyes out for loss of all three." Our immaculate members come now to account i For all their log-rolling aud worship of pelf; So let us send only sueh members as won't Give the whole of their thoughts to the service of self. But says H. B. T. Strangways, says he, •• If that's your game, what's to become of poor ! l j THE PRIMEVAL FOKKST.—Man wanders rnder and through these vast canopies without finding a log or stone, or even the roots of a tree, to i est his wearied limbs upon. No tree, even in 1 its natuial decline, falls to the ground, but. like the masts of vessels with their cordage, they are 1 held and braced up by twisting vines, whilst their rtecaying tiunks are wasting away in the moist alluvion, and they gradually settle down (as they i arose) to the earth from wliich they came. No stone has been dropped here from a drifting icebeig or tumbled along in a mountaiu torrent; an<i the roots of trees to be seen must: be dag for, so ; rapid is the accumulation of soil around them that : the trunks of trees have the shape of piles driven i into the ground. Owing to the shade and per- ' petual dampness of these soiiiuaes, fire never j makes any progress, and the heaviest showers of rain generally fail to reach the ground, otherwise I than in a light mist, or by creeping down the blanches, tiunks, and twisting vines by which it is broken and conducted. In the fresh air and sunshine ut the tops of the trees, which we never can see, there is a busy and chattering neighbourhood of parrots and monkeys, but all below is a dark and silent matted solitude, in which a falling leaf, for want of wind, may be a month in teaching the pound, and where a man may be tracked by the broken cobweb6 he leaves behind him. On, on we f o, from day to day. in "Indian file," cutting our v ay. without the slightest change, encamping at n ght between our fires, always serenaded by the fughtful ariguatOB (howling monkeys), whilst we . aie beating off the mosquitos, er shaving our legs ' to the knee with our knives to destroy the thou- ! ands of red tickB that fasten their heads in the 1 kuu—Georee Cattw. 