ITEMS OF NEWS. We understand that Mr Ilalford lias been offered the appointment of Returning Officer for the Castlemaine Electoral District, but that be has returned a reply declining to accept the proffered honour. The many friends with whom he has been so long identified will regret this resolution. And even those who wero accus tomed to regard public questions from a different stand point would have assented to an appoiutmcnt which by being honourably filled would have converted an active force into a neutral. Those old dividing lines, however, among parties have latterly been - so obliterated by the settlement of the questions that occasioned them, that less interest is now attached to the naming of a returning officer. The Government would do well to combine all the 'Sutics in one. Mr F. B. Webster has been returned for the Maldon riding of the Maldonshire.: Mr . Laurence is returned unopposed for the Baringhup riding. Mr T. B. Davison is elected auditor. ! ' For some weeks a few miners have been work- ing at Shicer Hill, Campbell's Creek, aud it is reported thnt they are all doing very yell. The sinking is about thirty feet. The Campbell's Creek election excited a good deal of interest, and the several candidates well worked up, ' their,. supporters, Messrs J enniugs and Palmer were'rotuhiedi as will bo'seen by the following numbers on thfl poll : — Jennings, 232 ; Palmer; 103 ; - Rowley, ,134 ; Nosek,. 100 ; and Bishop, 88. , .)..-, The'fine" wenther'nncl moonlight of last even ing-allowed a large number to visit the bazaar. The time'tpassed merrily, with the visitors, and with profit" to the church funds. The bazaar will .coma, toi;a i;close:, this evening— Friday. There are- still a number of beautiful articles on the stalls, which will be sold at exceedingly cheap prices: Those! who are' anxiouB to see the V ghost," .and .polytechnic, will also have one, more opportunity. This evening the .bazaar! opens at 6 o'clock, instead of 2 as heretofore. !/ At' a; meeting heid at the Newstead hotel after; the meeting of the Agricultural. Society on Tues-i day evening, the question of the Grant testimo-; nial was considered.. Mr Kirwan, president of the shira,-1 was voted. to the.chair., 'He, , as also Mr Alexander M'Phee, and Mr House, spoke) warmly in fa vour of the movement, nnd the latter) aceeded to the request made him to act as lion.: 'aecre.taryi'/V'A.,-. good committee of about twelve; gentlemen .were, appointed,' and there is'overy, prospect tliat the' result of" the appeal' to bB made; will be creditable tbNewstead, and satisfactory ) to tlie friends of the lion/Mr Grant. . \ The foliowing rewards liftve been paid out of: the Police Re w nr ;d F q ii.d during" the past waek j T6 ' Benior-Vdnstabie Edward Tronson, at New-; sti ad, Castleinnine district, £3. in acknowledg- meht of.liis: services in the arrest and prosecution "of David Steiiveusori, sentenced to five years- for); .rape upon a girl. To detectives Thomas Walker,; at IlayleBfard, .jGaXtlemaine dutHpt, '.anfl .John Parker, at Melbourne, £2 eiicb: in ackno'wledg-i ment of their sdrvipes in the arrest anil prosecu-': tion of Joseph JohnsbD,; sentenced to;tliree years; for burglary ; John Taylor, alias , Lynch, sen-; tenced'to , five years for burglary,; John Clark,; sentenced to - five! 'yenrs ' for; highway robbery ;! John .William: M'Clure; sentenced ; to'.two .years, for burglary. ' ; ) At the, Ghewton ' Police' Court yesterday,, be fore ths Mayor . and , Dr Mae'nrs, the following ; cases were Jieard i-i-i-Regina v Dnvis. , The pri soner was charged with stealing some ; household; furniture, aud,, .other property, of Mr Eansdale, ' the tnilor, who stated that about one. month ago1 -. his wife gave, him notice of . her- in. tention .to; go, i and he told hor to take all that belonged .to ller,: but he-did not, nntlioriEe her 4o take any. furni-i ture. " -A ' cnrter ,wns:. called : to siat0 tiint at Uie ) request' of- the 'prisoner. (Mrs Lni nsd ale) lie' re- moved .the' furniture to Davis'a -place . At this . qtage' of the proceedings- Mr Smyth." appeared for the prisoner, and placed:: Mrs Tianadale. in the box, and she stated that tho' prisoner acted under her ' instructions,) "nnd that Lan's'date had been told that' she 'was about to do so, and'Jiad mndo bo objection;; Prisoner discharged.' The next ; case .was ' Reginn v Detmair, charged by liis . cousin with stealing nn' oven, some slabs, and some shelving from .bis (Detmair's) house... Mr Smyth' for' tlie prosec'utioh. 'Mr Paynter for the ) defence, pointed out' that' tlio'.dnformation ou which Ihe warrant .was, granted was not. Bigued by Detmair; tbut:, consented to the case proceed ing on the information -being re-sworn.; .After; some consideration the prosecutor refused to"sign or reswear the information.;'. Mr Paynter stated i that : the' houio TrqmTWbfclF, if waB alleged the goods; lyere, taken, was purchased some, time singe by'the. prisoner, ;wli6 was now' insolvent, "for :liis cousin Detma,ir, but not fully, paid for. Detmair had purchased the interest' of the insolvent from tlie' official 'assignee," 'and 'that whatever goods were removed were taken prior lo insolvency. The . prisoner' j, was ' discharged..- -Mrs i.Bruhier then' applied for a ' renewal of n ;mnintenaDce order agaidsi lier husband'.' -Mr Leecli -made the application,- and Mr Smyth appeared for the ling- .band. The Bench, made.nn order for 15s, weekly, with 2is costs, besides costa of Court.4 In a '.fraud Bummons case, Royyiin v . Pearson, £13, Xbe jus tices could , not agree, : consequently no decision could „be : arrived : at. ..Mr Paynter nppea.redifor the defendant, .and 'asked, that' the case might be dismissed;- but the Bench refused to do-anything in it. !!,,)) At the Maldoit Police- court,' yesterday, before the Police Magistrate,, and Jilessrs Warnock, Courtin and M'Kenzie, J.T.'s, Ah , Huh, larceny, remanded at request of police.Henrietta Byfig, receiving, stolen 'goods, yyas discharged, as the police infornted the! Bench ' there >yas no evidence against 'her;- 'Encore 4ATdhs.' "Tonson.-r- Crowti lands bailiff ,v, J. Wearne , (Springs) ,; Mr M'Lean deposed : that j defendant , had , enclosed about ... a quarter iof an, acre J of-,, Crown land adjoining his paddock. - ,- Mr s .Reynolds , for, the . defence, ob jected that the' summons had been issued before the information, contrary, to -the Act.. The ob jection was overruled by, the Rench, ..but the, case was /adjourned i for.) production of further /evi dence:— Crown lands bailiff v 'i'aafc, illegal oc- ; cupation of Crown lands.'- No defence.; .fined 5s, : and- costs of . court: ' Same v. Nini, catting ' timber without license ; fined 10s, and costs of court. , Same v Johanna, - cutting timber, etc.; : fined 5s, and costs 'of cdnrt. Same y Soratti, ) cutting1 timber,' "etc ; fined 10s, and costs of court, : being the second offence.— Calder v J. Tread well, £4 -9s. 2d,, goods sold.. Ex parte verdict for the amount,- and -costs of" 'court.— Prescott v Sleep, £10, work and- labour: 'No service.— Blinkiron v. Sleep, as chairman of the Ballarat andrTarran- gower Mining Co. Mr Reynolds, for defendant, successfully argued that the chairman of a com pany could not be held, responsible." Case dis missed," with 10s 6d costs. — Godanza v Mrs Ilenry, abusive . language. Mr . Reynolds; for plaintifly could make' nothing of the case! Dis missed' by the Bench without costs. V ,;)., We liad a paragraph on Wednesday relativc to tha disappearance of the treasurer and surveyor of bshifecouncil, mentioning that he had taken with hjm £650 of the council's funds, and was accom panied by the wife of another man. The follow ing quotation from the Police Gazette supplies the name of the absconder " Thomas L. Harris is charged on warrant, with embezzling £650 from the Rulla Shire Council. He is English, a; surveyor and architect. He is supposed to be in dne of the neighbouring colonies." At the meeting of the Executive Council, on Wednesday, the report of the professional board on the state of the Malmsbury reservoir occupied long and earnest attention. The decision arrivod at was that Mr Christopherson, Mr Shakcspear, and Mr Woods should be dismissed; and Mr T. I-Iiginbotham will be requested to appoint some officer of his department to take temporary charge of the waterworks. Of course no plan of future operations has yet been sketched out. The most pressing requirement is to empty the reservoir, and keep it so— not an easy task while the rainy weather lasts. From time to time we arc startled by the dis closure of atrocious acts of cruelty to animals. Here is one which comes from the Wickliffe cor respondent of the Ararat Advertiser, who relates it as having taken place a few days ago at Grcen- vnle station. Some malicious cowardly miscreant, with a view, no doubt, of gratifying some .vin dictive feelings, vented his devilish cruelty bn the poor sheep on the station, forcing tlicir jaws open till they cracked, in some instnnccs severing alto gether the lower from the upper jaw. . ! On Wednesday, before Mr Justice Moles- wortli, in the cause of the equity suit, James, v Greenwood, a somewhat startling circumstance brought out in the evidence was adverted to by one of the learned counsel concerned., , The parties to the suit, says the Argus, were the con tractors for the now famous Malmsbury reservoir. Originally the firm consisted of three partners, but one retired soon after the ) commencement of the work. The partners, on obtaining the con tract, were introduced by the late Mr Kyte'to Mr Henry Miller, for .the purpose, of getting an advance of sufficient money to' make the cash de posit with the Government. Mr Miller under- dcrtook, on behalf of the Victorian Savings In stitute, to provide the deposit, on security being given. According to the statement of counsel on Wednesday, which both parties to the present suit seemed to admit to be correct, the terms o? the advance were to be that the firm should give the'institixte 'their acceptance at six months for, £4000, which was to be1 renewed on maturity, and were to pay at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum interest to the institute on the original bill and on each renewal, and 10 per cent com mission on the original bill and on each renewal to. the chairman of the company, Mr Ilenry. Miller. Under this somewhat remarkable ar rangement, it was further stated that the firm paid the Victoria Savings Institute £600 for the use of £4000 for 18 months, and a further sum of £600 to Mr Ilenry Miller, the chairman, for his commission on the negotiation of the loan. We should add, that it was also stated that the first charge for interest and commission wasfleducted from the amount of the loan, and the like deduc-;, tion in advance was made each time the hill, was' renewed. -- . Next week's meeting of the Board of Agricul ture is looked forward to -, with some interest by the'riianaging members of/ the country societies. J They;Are rather at a loss to know whether;they ! will have -to communicate j directly with " -the; Chief Secretary or with the new board in claim ing their shire bf the grant-in-aid. Fromnvhat tlie Chief Secretary stated last week to a deputa tion from' :the . Geelong and Smeaton societies,: asking what portion -of the grant-in aid- they, were to have, it : would appear that the societies have Been called upon for statements of their' re- yenueand; expenditure, and that they had better' makeitheir returns ..correctly, for these may , be scrutinised more closely than they have been ,by. the board. -Probably the fear of this) may partly acbouht. for the- anxiety about the existence of the board ;-i; for; -this danger once passed, the ma- jqrityrbf the country societies would like to see its 'speedy/abolition. _ Last : week a ; call of the managing 'committee 'of the Kyneton Agricul tural Association was-, made, for the ; purpose of cpnsidering the propriety of addressing circulars t'o-the-various societies throughout- the colony, urging united action-! to secure a more efficient representation of the1 agricultural interest in Par liament at thejnext ) general election. It was pointed out that while largo sums" of public: -money were spent in supplying water for, and in otherwise fostering; the mining interest, the com paratively, paltry sum of.;£40qq was grudgingly) voted in aid of agriculture_this year,' and if pres sure had not been 'brought to hear on some of the country'memhera, 'even that ivould not have been"; granted.- Then; if ( aaquestion- relating to' agri-; :cnlture arises in thek House,' no one - knows- or cares anything about' it; while mining hasa-whole ; department to itself; and any qution; relating to; it is eagerly discussedBy ' the 'many! members in-" timately' acquainted with tlie-Bubject, or having a'| pecuniary Interest in itV Seeing, this great dis parity in the care taken ofsthe .two Interests, it was resolved' that the proposed circulars -should be sent,, and every, effort inbdc at the next; elec tion to secure the. object, in ,view. The proposed meeting of delegates ifrom Ihe, different societies is not to lake place on the, 16th inst. ' : An awkward entanglement of affairs has been caused in"the East Oolliagwobd.'Roroagh Council by ' the peculiar wording' of the clause in the now Boroughs. .Statute rqlating j to tho ''filling ' up- of ox- traordinary vacancies. Mr Greenwood should have retired by rotation this year in tho ordinary course of events ; ;-but 'having,;, in/ August, ,1869; resigned and been re-eteoted to fill an extraordinary vacancy, ; he contends1; tliat,1 according -to the now Act, he ought, not now to retire. . An opinion wa.s obtained .from Mr Wilberforco Stephen,' but itappeared"soma» : what c'oDtradifciory--thev| only? ! definite;. decision afforded by it being apparently that the. olection of a' successor to:Mr , Greenwood -at, the annual elec tion just passed would; be a nullity,! though it: seemed ito 'imply -a: fewijliiies previdnslyDtbat Mr, Greonwood. was only entilJed . to sit up. to, tho re- ' gular time of his timo by' rotation, the same oa if the extraordinary blocliqn had never taken' place. The counoilj/howevor, finding tbat two opinions had been obtained: by the , St. Hilda Oouhoil differing from eaeli other aud:frpm\that of Mr Stephen, de cided to 'go by hoiie, and cainb to! the conclusion that Mr Groonwob'd wuso'ut of the 'council 'by rotation, and that Mr Pritcli, who : had beon' elected ' for the Victorian ward (formerly, represented by Mr' Gredn- wood) , wiis how tho legal member.' Mr Greenwdbd persisted last niglit in koeplng bis scat; so that there was ono ted many'at tbo'couhcil .table; and announced bis intention: of .sitting at oyery.- meeting till a proper act'hasbe'on introduced; to.settlolhe matter.' 