THE ADVENTURE OF MY AUNT, My aunt was a lady of large frame, strong -mind, and great resolution; she was what .might be termed a very manly woman. My uncle was a thin, puny little man, very meek and acquiescent, .and no match for my aunt. It was observed that he dwindled and dwindled gradually away .from the day of his marriage. His wife's powerful mind was too much for him; it wore him out. My .aunt, however, took all possible care of him; had half the doctors in the town to prescribe for him ; made him take all their prescriptions, and dosed him with .physic enough to cure a whole hospital. Ail was iu vain. My uncle grew worse .and worse the more dosing and nursing lie underwent, until in .the end he added another to the long list ,of matrimonial .victims who have bgen killed .with kindness. •*' And was it his ghost that appeared -to her?" asked the inquisitive gentleman, •who had questioned the former storyteller. ' You shall hear," replied the narrator. My aunt took on mightily for the death ,©f her poor dear husband. Perhaps she :felt some compunction at having given him so much physic, and nursed him into -the grare. At any rate she did all that a .widow could do to honor his memoiy. She spared no expense in either the quantity or quality of her mourning weeds; .wore a miniature of him about her neck .aa large as a little sun-dial, and bad a fulllength portrait of him always hanging in her bed-chamber. All the world extolled .her conduct to the Bkies; and it was determined that a woman who behaved so well to the memory of one husband deserved soon to get enother. It Wis not long after this that she went to lake up her residence in an old country rse it in Derbyshire, which had long been ui the care of merely a steward and housekeeper. She took most of her servants with her, intending to make it her principal abode. The house stood in a lonely wild part of the country, among the grey Derbyshire hills, with a murderer hanging in chains on a bleak height in full view. The servants from town were half frightened out of their wits at the idea of living in such a dismal pagan-looking place.; especially when they got together in the servant's hall in the evening, and compared notes on all the hobgoblin •tones picked up in the course of the day. They were afraid to venture alone about the gloomy, black-looking chambers. My lady's maid, who was troubled with nerves, declared she could never sleep alone in such a " gashly rummaging old building;" and the footman, who was a kind-hearted young fellow did all in his power to cheer her up. My aunt was struck with the lonely appearance of the house. Before going to bed, therefore, she examined well the &stenings; of the doors and windows; locked up the plate with her own hands, °nd carried the keys, together with a 1 itle box of money and jewels, to her own room; for she was a notable woman, and always saw to all things herself. Having put the keys under her pillow, and dismissed her maid, she sat by her toilet arranging her hair; for being, in spite of her grief for my uncle, rather a buxom widow, she was somewhat particular about her person. She sat for a little while looking at her face in the glass, first on one side, then on the other, as ladies are apt to do when they would ascertain whether they have been in good looks; for a roistering country squire of the neighborhod, with whom she had flirted when a girl, had called that day to welcome her to the country. All of a sudden she thought she heard something move behind her. She looked hastily round, but there was nothing to he seen. Nothing but the grimly-painted portrait of her poor dear man, Hanging against the wall. She gave a heavy sigh to his memory, AS she was accustomed to do whenever Bhe spoke of him in company, and then went on adjusting her night-dress, and thinking of the squire. Her sigh was re-echoed, or answered by a long-drawn breath. She looked round again, but no one was to be seen. She ascribed these sounds to the wind oozing through the rat-holes of the old mansion, and proceeded leisurely to put her hair in papers, when all at pnce she thought she perceived one of the eyes of the portrait move. " The back of her head being towards it!" said the story-teller with the ruined head—"good!" " Yes, sir!" replied dryly the narrator, "her back being towards the portrait,but her eyes fixed on its reflection in the glass." Well, as I was saying, she perceived one of the eyes of the portrait move. So strange a circumstance, as you may well suppose, gave her a sudden eboek. To assure herself of the fact she put one hand to her forehead as if rubbing it; peeped through her fingers, and moved the candle with the other hand. The light of the taper gleamed on the eye, «nd was reflected from it. She was sure it moved. Nay more, it seemed to give her a wink, as she had sometimes known her husband to do when living! It struck a momentary chill to her heart for Bhe was a lone woman, and felt herself fearfully situated. The chill was but transient. My aunt, who was almost as resolute a personage as your uncle, sir (turning to the old story- teller), became instantly calm and collected. She went on adjusting her dress. She even hummed an air, and did make a single false note. She casually overturned a dressing-box; took a candle, and picked up the articles one by one from the floor; pursued a rolling pincushion that was making the best or it way under the bed; then opened the door, looked for an itstant into the corridar, as if in doubt whether to go, and then walked quietly out. She hastened down stairs, ordered the servants td arm themselves with the weapons first at hand, placed herself at their headj and returned almost immediately; Her hastily levied army presented a formidable force. The steward had a rusty blunderbuss, the coachman a loaded whip, the footman a pair of horse pistols, the cook a huge chopping-knife, and the butler a bottle in each hand. My aunt led the van with a red-hot poker, and, in my opinion she Was the most formidable of the party. The waiting-maid, who dreaded td stay alone in the servant's hall, brought up the rear, smelling to a broken bottle of volatile salts, and expressing her terror of the ghostesses. Ghosts !" said my aunt, resolutely; "I'll singe their whiskers for them !" They entered the chamber. All was still and undisturbed as when she had left it. They approached the portrait of my uncle. 'Pull down that picture!" cried my aunt. A heavy groan, and a sound like the chattering of teeth issued from the portrait. The servants shrunk back ; the maid uttered a faint shriek, and clung to the footman for support. 'Instantly'" added my aunt, with a stamp of the foot. The picture was pulled down, and from a recess behind it, in which had formerly stood a clock, they hauled forth a roundshouldered, black-bearded varlet, with a knife as long as my arm, but trembling all over like an aspen-leaf. ' Well, and who was he ? No ghost, I suppose," said the inquisitive gentleman. 'A knight of the Post," replied the narrator, who had been smitten with the worth of the wealthy widow; or rather a marauding Tarquin, who had stolen into her chamber to violate her purse, and rifle her strong bor, when all the house should be asleep. In plain terms," continued he, " the vagabond was a loose idle fellow of the neighborhood, who had once been a servant iu the house, and had been employed to assist in arranging it for the reception of its mistress. He confessed that he had contrived this hiding-place for his nefarious purposes, and had borrowed an eye from the portrait by way of a reconnoiteriug bole." " And what did they do with him ?"— did they hang him ?" resumed the questioner. " Hang him!—how could they exclaimed a beetle-browed barrister, with a hawk's nose. " The offence was not capital. No robbery, no assault had been committed. No forcible entry or breaking into the premises—" ' My aunt," said the narrator, " was a woman of spirit, and apt to take the law in her own hands. She had her own notions of cleanliness also. She ordered the fellow to be drawn through the horsepond, to cleanse away all offences, and then to be well-rubbed down with an oaken towel." " And what became of him afterwards ?" said the inquisitive gentleman. '* I do not exactly know. I believe he was sent on a voyage of improvement to Botany Bay." " And your aunt," said the inquisitive gentleman; " I'll warrant she took care to make her maid sleep in the room with her after that." " No, sir, she did better; she gave her hand shortly after to the roistering squire, for she used to observe that it was a dismal thing for a woman to sleep alone in the country." " She was right," observed the inquisitive gentleman, nodding sagaciously; " but I am sorry they did not hang that fellow."—W ashington Irving. 