DANGEROUS PRACTICAL JOKE A charge which, however seasonable at a time that is supposed to bring spiritual manifestations as well as ' good cheer,' was in every way discreditable to the parties implicated, was heard on Tuesday, before Mr. Bruce, at the Leeds police court. The case took the form of a simple assault, and three men were summoned, namely, Luke May, Alfred Worsnop, and James Gregory, the complainant being a man named John Dickinson, who along with the defendants is in tho employment of Messrs. Croisdale and White ley, woollen manufacturers and sninners. School -close. In a small apartment adjoining the room in which the complainant had been working was suspended a rope, and some of his companions had told him that with this rope a man had committed suicide, and that his ghost frequently haunted the place. About 5 o'clock on the evening of the 23rd November Gregory went to the complainant and told him he was wanted in tho yard. During the complainant's absence Hay dressed himself up to represent the ghost of the alleged suicide, and hid himself. When Dickinson returned tho ' perturbed spirit' in the small room uttered a variety of unearthly groans and then rushed into the presence of the complainant dressed in white, as is the fashion in ghostly circles, and wielding a hatchet — an article which the ghost of a man who had hanged himself was not likely to trouble himself with. The complainant was, however, too frightened at the moment te deal with natural causes, and Worsnop added to his torrnr riv tlirrmnyifr n Tiit.pTiiiT' nf \x^t/ir upon him. Tho result was that complainant fainted away and did not recover consciousness until midnight. With the exception of a day and a half he has not been able to attend to his work since. He is now suffering from loss of memory, and is said to be getting worse. The defence was that the complainant had compromised the matter by accept ing money from the defendants. In giving judg ment, Mr. Bruce said tho appearance described was one at which anybody might well be alarmed. Although people did not believe in ghosts, they had nerves which were affected by apparitions of this kind. With respect to what 'the fine should be, the defendants, it appeared, had estimated the damage done to the complainant at 2s. a piece, the sum they had subscribed to compromise the matter. To frighten a man almost to death, however, at the expense of 2s. each was one of the cheapest amusements lie had ever heard of, and too cheap a great deal to be warranted by tho Bench. He understood that each of the defendants earned from 20s. to 35s. a week, and he should therefore order them to pay a fine of 20s. each and costs, in default fourteen days' imprisonment. — Leeds Mtrcttry. 