CHARADE. Mrs. Partington sat at her tea-table, luam, With afldgety finger and fidgety thumb, Trying hard to get rid of my first, For in dressing, somehsv, in the folds of her shawl, It had stuck where she couldn't get at it at all, And that bother wasn't the worst. The muffins were cold, for her guest never came, . And the old lady thought it avery great shame (On a nice quiet chat she had reckoned:; And she said in her wrath as she stirred up her tea, " Shrimps, cresses, and crumpiets so slighted to be . 'Tis a terrille waste of my second," Two lawyers, two fathers, with parchments spread out Erasing, and adding, and turning about, Till they multiplied roll upon roll. Some signing, somne grumbling, a great deal of noise, And a great deal of talking of " girls" and of " boys,' And then they have settled my whole. WrV are told to have hope and trust, but what's a poor fellow to do when he can no longer get any trust ? Wny is a man who beats his wife like an exquisitely formed dog ?-Because he is a per: feet brute. - A LAZY fellow begged alms, saying that he could not find bread for his family. " " Nor I,'' replied an industrio'is mechanic ; " I am obliged' to work for it." WHAT Cardinal Prince might be termed an an old woman ?-Antonelli (Aunty- Nelly). UNEXPECTED.--A lot of fellows bantering a large and fat companion, remarked that if all flesh was grass, he must be a load of hay. " I suspect I am," said the man. "from the way the asses are nibbling at me.'" WHY are pancakes like umbrellas ?-Becaise" they are rarely seen after Leet. " ' Mas. MULLOWNEY'S Christmas Pudding shall go in next week," says an Irish editor in a notice to correspondents. We admire his. taste. "' Iay good digestion wait on appetite !" WHAT port is sought by every living creature ? Sup-port. Iii- little girl ihaid tkeni too miuch plumni cake, what suburb of London should we give to repre sent its effec'?-YMaida-h'ill. \WHY is. the letter D cut into halveslike a joy or a joy or a friend that hba- left us.L2 Becausedit is D-parted. WHAT charitable persons wvould be .repre sented by the Mersey at high water P-The merciful (Mersey full). WHY are leters patent like a large and beauti ful island under the British Crown ?-Because they bave a seal-on (Ceylon) WHY is a military officer's position a puzzling one ?--Because although he may never get into disgrace, he is sure to get into a mess.. Wiy is pea-soup like port wine ?-Because it is greatly improved by thyme (time). WoIxAN lost us one paradise, but she can easily make another wherever she goes. WIVY cannot two slight persons ever become great friends ?-Because, they will always be slight acquaintance.s A MAN may be called poverty-stricken when knocked down by a beggar. WHY is a person suddenlyV smitten with the charms of a younglady like a person who com mits an unintentional error ?--Because he is Miss-taken. WHEN is a bad loss not a bad loss ?-When it is made good. GEORGE COLIMAN was once asked if he knew Theodore Hook? "Oh, yes," was his reply: •' Hook and I (eye) are old associates." WHY is a clever and industrious tailor seldom to be found at home ?--Because he's always cutting out. Why is a person eating voraciously like a ghost !--Because he's.a-goblin'. NOTE BY OUR NATURALIST.-It is a !allaCJ to suppose that a fox is jubilant when carrying home a fat goose to his larder; on the contrary, he never feels more "down in the mouth." WE SPEAK EVIL OF OTHERS: and should we not fear the evil they may say of us ? Speak ill of no neighbour, if thou wouldst not hear what will trouble thee. IN MOST QUARRELS there is a fault on both sides. A quarrel may be compared to a spark, . which cannot be produced without a flint as well as steel? either of them may hammer on wood for ever, but no fire will follow. A Poon man once came to a miser, and said, "I have a favoar to ask."-"So have I," said the miser ; "grant mine first."--" Agreed." ' My request is," said the miser, "that you ask me for nothing. LEISURE is the time for doing something use ful. This leisure the diligent man will attain, the lazzy man never. A MAN cannot possess anything that is better than a good woman, nor anything that is worse than a bad one. AUDACITY IS NOT COURAGE any more than flattery is fact. Men of extreme cowardice often put on a face of superlative valour. OPPORTUNITY is the flower of time ; and as the stalk may remain when the flower is cut off, so time may remain with us when opportunity is gone. MR. GEORGE-WHEELER, Her Majesty's fisher man ot Virginia Water, lately died at the Fish erman's Cottages Flying Burn, aged 62. He had been in the service of the Queen twenty eight years, and was previously a waterman in the employ of a boatbuilder at Eton. He had taught the young Princes of Cumberland and Cambridge the art of swimming, and was a great favorite of Her Majesty and the Royal Family. on whom he always attended when they went fishing in any of the waters of the Great Park. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILS.-Hearty and Healthy.-The experience of thousands, both at home and abroad,.has amply demon strated the power possessed by these healing and purifying remedies of rem6ving cutaneous eruptions, repairingulcerations, and relieving fistulas and abscesses. These hidden evils frequently rob life of every comfort, through the reluctance of the sufferer to expose his in firmity. Holloway's Ointment supersedes such dreaded publicity by placing within the reach of all.plain instructions for curing themselves, without any danger, and without the necessity of mentioning their malady to any one. The Ointment and Pills will likewise cure bad legs, scabby rashes, and those blemishes which arise 1from tho abuse of. mercury and from the use of other deleterious drugs . . -. 