Tales and Sketches. RATHER AN ADVENTURE—FOR AN UNDERGRADUATE. [From Chambers' Journal.] "For heaven's sake, take me over!" So cried a pale panting man to William Egerton, who was sculling easily down the reedy river Cam. Egerton looked up in the direction of the cry, and saw a sight which gave him a shock, and made him "hold up" his boat immediately. The man who had called out so piteously clambered down the bank to the very edge of the water, where he stood with blood pouring from his nose, his face like that of a ghost, his dress disordered, his neckerchief awry,, his hat pressed tightly over his head, his long hair hanging about like a bundle of snakes, and his hands clasped imploringly before him as he repeated his cry—"For heaven's sake, Sir, take me over! Do, for heaven's sake, put me across!" "Why can't you go over the ferry?" asked Egerton discontentedly. "This isn't a ferry- boat." "For heaven's sake, put me across!" repeated the man, stretching out his hand as if to catch hold of Egerton's coat. "Do put me across—the devils are after me!" "What devils?" asked Egerton. ''The bailiffs—the bailiffs! Oh, put me across!" "I doubt whether my boat will hold both of us," grumbled Egerton. "Here, catch the end of my scull, and pull the boat in. Gently, gently, or you'll capsize me." For the man had eagerly seized the scull, and very nearly upset the boat, which, though it was not canvas-covered, and though it was called at Cambridge a tub, was in reality a very light skiff, such as many a mother would think it dangerous for her darling son to trust himself in alone. However, the miserable man was able, and apparently delighted to get into even so frail a craft. Egerton pushed off very carefully, and just as he had dipped his sculls for the first stroke, he heard a hoarse, dull, confused roaring in the distance, and the wretched passenger cried—"Quicker—quicker; they're a-coming; can't ye hear 'em?" Egerton was on the point of making an angry rejoinder, for he didn't at all like the man's tone; but young men of twenty, sympathise with those who are escaping from the bailiffs, and he merely replied coolly— "All right, my friend; as soon as I get settled to my work, I'll take you across like a shot. I don't know whether you care about your trousers and things, but the blood from your nose is dropping all over them." The man only shook his head carelessly, and kept his eyes fixed on the opposite bank. Egerton gave way with a will, and as he had to steer for himself he was obliged occasionally to turn his head to see where he was going. Once as he faced about again, and looked towards his passenger, he saw the latter watching a number of circles in the water astern of the boat. As the passenger twisted his head back to its former position, the boat gave a lurch, and Egerton said angrily—"You'd better sit still, my friend; what the deuce were you looking at?" "Nothing." "You were looking at something, I'm sure, for I saw the circles in the water myself; I suppose a fish jumped." "Yes, that was it, master," said the passenger dreamily; "a fish jumped—I see it." By this time they had reached the opposite bank, for the Cam is a narrow river; and the man having got ashore, ran up the steep path which led down to the river as fast as his legs would carry him, without speaking a word or looking behind him. "Well," thought Egerton, as he pulled away, "he might have said 'Thank'ee' at any rate; but I suppose he is in too great a funk to be civil." As he rowed along leisurely towards the favourite inn on the river's bank, he heard the voices of the pursuers getting plainer and plainer as they came nearer and nearer, and it sounded as if they were shouting ''Murder! murder!" He laughed as he thought of the dodge the bailiffs must have used to get a crowd to assist them in the pursuit of a poor runaway, whose only crime was probably shortness of work, which was necessarily followed by arrears of rent; and he chuckled as he thought of the start he must have helped the fugitive to get; for the bridge was half a mile off, and the nearest ferry was close at hand certainly, but had nobody in attendance, as the young gentlemen at College, who were the chief patrons of the ferries, were nearly all of them away for the long vacation. Egerton was one of the few still left at Cambridge, where he was supposed to be reading for his next exami- nation. He could now distinctly hear voices calling upon him to stop, but he only quickened his stroke, and knew he should be at The Plough almost as soon as any of them could get across to the towing-path, which was on the other side of the river, and which was by far the nearest way for foot- passengers. At the inn he would undoubtedly find other boats like his own, and who should say in which the fugitive debtor had been helped across the river? Besides, the bailiffs couldn't do anything— beyond abusing him, if they cared or dared to abuse him—even if they knew to whom they owed the spoiling of the chase. So he "spurted" cheerfully down to The Plough, put up his boat amongst several others like his own, and sauntered into the smoking- room, where he was soon engaged in a game of bagatelle with one of the many young gentlemen who were there, and who were supposed, as he was, to be spending their vacation at the University for the purpose of studying ancient languages or mathematics. He was not half through his first game when there was heard from the towing- path a tremendous shouting, and a hoarse cry of "Boat! boat!" He rushed out with the rest, and stood on the lawn whilst a boat went across to the towing-path and brought over about a dozen persons, among whom there were two men who evidently were in authority, for they ordered the rest about in a high and mighty manner, and one of the two, turning to the lad in charge of the moored skiffs, asked with the air of one who had a right to ask— "Which of these boats came in last, pray?" The boat-keeper without hesitation pointed to Egerton's. "And which of you young gentlemen," continued the questioner, "rowed down in this boat?" He was answered by a careless laugh from the knot of young men in flannel garments and straw hats, and by a scornful enquiry— "What the dickens has it to do with you?" The two men who assumed so much authority consulted together in a whisper, carefully examined Egerton's boat, and then one of them having apparently taken the measure of the young oarsmen, said civilly— "If you young gentlemen will come with us into a private room, I, think I can make it plain to you what the dickens it has to do with us." The young oarsmen interchanged looks of enquiry; and when Egerton exclaimed— "Oh! come along; let us hear what they have to say," a general move was made towards the inn; and the two men in authority and the young oarsmen locked themselves in a private room, everybody else being left outside. One of the two men immediately opened the proceedings by saying in a severe tone of voice—"This is a very serious business, gentlemen. I hold a warrant for the appre- hension of a man, and here is the warrant. We tracked the man; found out the house where he was, and we had almost reached his hiding-place, when somehow or other he got wind of it, and bolted towards the river. He had got a goodish start of us, though he did come down a cropper (and hurt himself, I should say) jumping a low wall; but we kept him in sight all across the Common, and we saw landed on the other side of the river by somebody in one of these skiffs you young gentlemen use, and dressed, as far as we could see, exactly as you are dressed. If it was one of you, we depend on you to tell us which it was." There was a short silence, and then one of the young oarsmen asked—"What had the man been doing?" "He is suspected," answered the officer solemnly, "of doing murder." There was a start and exclamation of horror amongst the young oarsmen, and all eyes were turned expectantly towards Egerton, who, pale as a sheet, and horror- stricken at the notion of having aided a murderer, could scarcely find voice enough to say—"I put him across; he said the bailiffs were after him." "I daresay he did," remarked the officer drily; "and now you have thrown us off the scent. I suppose you didn't see which way he went?" "I couldn't," answered Egerton discon- solately; "he was hidden directly by the wood; and when he got to the top of the cart-lane, there were five roads for him to choose from." "Exactly," rejoined the officer bitterly. "I know that; and the people were knocked up, and my mate and I couldn't go all five ways. You've made a pretty mess, young gentleman." "Is there nothing I can do?" asked Egerton anxiously. "Should you know the man again?" enquired the officer. "Anywhere and in any disguise, I think," answered Egerton, "for I watched him carefully all the time I sat opposite to him, and I noticed amongst other things that he had lost two front teeth, and that he had an anchor tattooed on his left wrist." "Did he throw anything into the river?" asked the officer. Egerton started, as a sudden recollection flashed across him, and he replied—"I didn't see him drop anything in the river, but I remember well that he nearly capsized the boat by suddenly turning round and back again, and that afterwards I saw several circles in the water, as if a fish had jumped, or something had been dropped in the river. He said a fish had jumped, but your question makes me think it was not so." "Could you point out the spot?" enquired the officer. "Yes," answered Egerton, "within a yard or so." "And now, Sir," continued the officer, "I must ask for your name and address." Both were readily given and taken down. The two officers then muttering discon- tentedly that they had "lost time enough already," prepared to depart. Egerton went part of the way with them, and by earnest entreaty obtained from the principal, Sergeant Gumps, a promise that they would let him know from time to time how they succeeded in their search. The river was dragged, under proper superintendence, at the spot indicated by Egerton, and amongst many strange articles fished up, there was a life- preserver, which was taken possession of by the authorities. Egerton grew so restless and sleepless with thinking of what he had done, that when a week had elapsed, during which he had received no satisfactory intelligence, he determined to set out for Y——, from which seaport Sergeant Gumps had dated his last letter. He went to the lodgings of the sergeant, who was evidently very pleased to see him. "How are you, Mr. Egerton?" exclaimed the sergeant cheerfully. "I am delighted to see you, Sir; you've come in the nick of time. I was just going to write to you, to ask you if you could make it convenient to come over here. There's news to tell you, Sir." "Well," said Egerton, "come over to my hotel in half-an-hour and dine with me, and then you can tell me all about it. I'm staying at the Albion." "I'll be there, Sir, without fail," said the sergeant. He was as good as his word; and when the meats of The Albion had been removed, and the wines of The Albion were sparkling on the table between him and Egerton, he unfolded his tale and emptied his glass at his leisure. "I'll begin at the beginning, Sir," he said. "Of course you recollect that about a month ago there was a story in the papers about a man that kept a pike in Suffolk. The man had living with him his wife, and his wife's mother, an old woman over seventy. One evening the man and his wife went out to a merry- making, some miles off, leaving the old woman to take the pike- money and open the gate, and all that. They'd done the same thing often enough before, and no harm came of it, and most of the people that went backwards and forwards on that road were friendly with the pike-keeper, and his wife and her mother; and many of the foot-passengers used to go into the toll- house, and sit a bit, and have a talk. Amongst these was a tramp called Jack Andrews. Nobody knew any harm of him. He was a handy chap, and was always tramping about the country doing odd jobs here and there. Well, the very evening the pikeman and his wife went out to the merry- making, Jack Andrews happened to go into the toll-house, and heard them talking about it, and saying they shouldn't be home very likely before morning. Well, they didn't get home until one in the morning, and when they got home they found the door of the toll-house open, and when they went in they saw the poor old woman dead on the ground, with her skull beaten in; and the money that was ready for the collector, who was expected to call next day, was gone. It was a tidy sum, and all in coin. There was an inquest, of course; and it came out in evidence that Jack Andrews had known about the money and where it was put; and a stranger, who drove through the toll-gate between twelve at night and one, when there was generally little or no traffic on that road, said the gate was opened to him by a man who by the description must have been Jack Andrews, though he ought by that time to have been a good six hours' tramp away from the place. The verdict was an open one; you know what that is, Sir—'Murder against some person or persons unknown.' However, I got a warrant for the apprehension of Jack Andrews. "I never saw him, and I don't know anything more of him by sight than the glimpse I got as we chevied him (for I've no doubt, from my information, it was him) the other day, when you came and spoiled the business (excuse me, Sir) with your boat. From enquiries we have made, we've every reason to believe that the man you took over in your boat is now in this town, and thinks he is going to sail the day after to-morrow for Australia. But I think we shall spoil his little game. If you can swear he is the man you put across the river, I can swear the man you put across is the man we chased; and I have evidence to prove that the man we chased is Jack Andrews. Whether he committed the murder or not, is another question. The man I speak of goes every night to a public-house in this town; I keep it well watched, and I've sufficient force at hand for all emergencies. If you've no objection, we'll go to-night, where you can see him without been seen yourself, and I can then decide what is to be done." "I'll go at once, if you like," cried Egerton, springing up excitedly. "It ain't time yet, Sir," said the officer, looking coolly at his watch; "it isn't nine o'clock yet and our man seldom goes to the public before ten, and never leaves until it closes." So coffee and cigars were enjoyed; and afterwards Egerton and the officer sauntered to The Angler. A nod of understanding was exchanged between the officer and the barmaid, and Egerton and the former were admitted within the bar, from which, through a little circular window, they could command a full view of the taproom and its occupants. The officer arranged matters so that he and Egerton could, by changing places, see every part of the taproom without being themselves seen; and he cautioned Egerton simply to watch and observe, and not to make any remark about what he saw. He himself narrowly scanned his com- panion's behaviour, and smiled grimly when he once saw him half-rise from his chair, open his mouth, and point with his finger, and then sink down again, and shake his head as if he had made a mistake. This was enough for Sergeant Gumps, who proposed just one more glass of grog and then departure. Egerton agreed, and as he sipped his grog, looked ever and anon in a certain direction. At last he sprang up, with a cry upon his lips; but the other pulled him down, and made signals for silence. After a few com- pliments to the barmaid, Sergeant Gumps (who had, of course, been all this time in plain clothes) suggested that it was time to go. Egerton assented; and as the two strolled towards Egerton's hotel, the sergeant and he were full of question and answer. "Well, Sir," said the sergeant, "did you see anything or anybody in particular?" "Well," answered Egerton, "I saw an awful lot of ruffians, and the worst to look at was a brute with a knobby stick in his hand, and a patch over one eye." "Ha, ha!' laughed the sergeant; "that was one of my mates. He does make up beautiful; he's been taken on suspicion him- self." "I don't wonder at it," growled Egerton; "but I didn't see the man we were looking for." ''Are you sure?" asked the sergeant slily. "What made you jump up, and nearly cry out, eh?" "Because I fancied I did see him," answered Egerton; "but, though I thought I could swear to the man's general look and expression, it couldn't have been he." "Why not?" enquired the sergeant. "I rather believe in general expression myself." "Why, the man I rowed over the river was a white-faced man, whereas this was as brown as" —— "A great deal can be done with walnut- juice," interrupted the sergeant quietly. "The man I rowed over the river," said Egerton, "had long snake-like hair, whereas this man's hair was" —— "There are plenty of barbers," interrupted the sergeant again, "who can cut and dye, and do all sorts of things to the hair." "The man I rowed over the river," con- tinued Egerton angrily, "had lost two front teeth, and had an anchor tattooed on his left wrist, whereas this had all his front teeth to show and" —— "A great piece of sticking-plaster on his left wrist," once more interrupted the sergeant: "you didn't see that, Mr. Egerton, did you?—I did, Sir; and let me tell you, I have heard of a dentist in this town who lately put in two front teeth for a common- looking man." "I was going to say I couldn't get a good look at his left wrist," said Egerton pettishly, "but you interrupted me." "I beg your pardon Sir," rejoined the sergeant. "Then you think," said Egerton snap- pishly, "the man I was so much struck with was the man?" "Oh, I don't think anything at all about it, Sir," said the sergeant. "All I want to know is, whether you saw anybody you could swear to as being, or being very like, the man you rowed over the Cam." Egerton was silent for a moment or two, and then he said: "It would be a frightful thing to take the wrong man." "Certainly," assented the sergeant. "And to-morrow is the last chance?" asked Egerton with vexation. "You heard him say yourself, Sir," answered the sergeant in a tone of remon- strance, "that he would give his farewell supper to his mates to-morrow night, and start the next morning for Australia." Egerton reflected a little, and then said in a determined voice: "Look here, Sergeant Gumps; I will go into The Angler to-morrow night, and into the taproom at the time this man gives his supper, and I warrant I'll find out whether he is or is not the man I rowed across the Cam.—What do you say to that?" "It will be a dangerous job, Sir," answered the sergeant quietly. "It's a desperate set of villains he is going to stand supper to; but he has invited my mate, who, of course, will be on your side, and I shall be in the bar, and there'll be several more of us within hail; so I think, if you don't mind walking into the taproom when supper's over, and grog is on, you might make things tolerably certain. If it is the man I think, he'll know you, and show it, whether you can recognise him or not." "Very well; I'll be there at ten o'clock," said Egerton; "and you may depend upon it I'll find out whether it is our man or not." The next night, at a little before ten, Egerton walked into the taproom at The Angler. The man he wanted to see was there, ladling out punch to five as ugly- looking ruffians (including the police-officer) as Egerton had ever seen. There were two or three other customers scattered singly about the room. As Egerton, who had put on his boating- clothes, not only as being best suited to the place he intended to visit, but also as being most likely to lead to his early recognition by the man he had rowed over the Cam, entered the room, he heard one of the punch-drinkers say: "Friends, a toast. I ain't much of a chap to jaw, so I'll give it short and sweet— 'Luck to Bob Jeffreys, the giver o' the feast, and may he have a good time in Australia.' " The toast was duly honoured; and as the man called Bob Jeffreys prepared to return thanks, and looked about him in search of ideas, he caught Egerton's eye, dropped his lower jaw, and stared with all his might. "How are you?" said Egerton, nodding in a friendly way. "I think I've seen you somewhere before." "Servant, Sir," growled Bob Jeffreys, "though I can't say as I know you." " P'raps the gen'lman 'll jine us, if he's a friend o' yourn, Bob," said one of the ruffians, making room. Egerton advanced to the table with alacrity, and the police-officer with the knobby stick managed to interpose himself between Jeffreys and Egerton: at the same time two of the men scattered singly about the room moved so as to be between the punch-drinkers and the door. "I'm sure you must recollect me," said Egerton blandly: "didn't I put you across the Cam in my boat?" Bob Jeffreys looked as black as thunder, but after a moment's hesitation, he replied: ''I don't know nothing about no Cam, nor no boats, nor nothing o' the kind. If you'll take a glass o' punch, you're welcome; but you ain't the gen'lman I took you for." "Then I must be mistaken," said Egerton resignedly. "Yes, you are," growled Bob Jeffreys. "And being mistaken," continued Egerton, "I think that instead of drinking your punch, I ought to stand a bowl." All the ruffians swore a frightful oath that Egerton spoke like a gentleman, and even Bob Jeffreys smiled grimly as he said : "You couldn't say no fairer, young gen'lman: take a glass o' this , with us, and then you shall stand the next bowl." So Bob Jefireys returned thanks in a brief speech for the toast that had been proposed, and a second bowl of punch was soon produced at Egerton's expense. As they were drinking it, Egerton suddenly asked Jeffreys: "What's the matter with your wrist?" "What the devil is that to you?" was the fierce rejoinder. "Oh, nothing!" answered Egerton quietly; "but I don't see why you should take offence." "No offence, Sir, no offence," returned Jeffreys, softening down; "but I get riled at everybody's asking me the same thing; it's a little bit of a wound I got; it isn't much." And he concealed his left hand under the table. "Perhaps you are not aware that the plaster is working off," remarked Egerton: "I suppose the wound is nearly healed?" Jeffreys looked at his wrist, glanced suspiciously at Egerton, and then re- arranged the plaster, which had been worked up by his shirt-sleeve, until a sharp eye could see the curved part of an anchor. "Yes," he growled in some confusion; "it's very near well." Egerton now said it was time for him to go, nodded to the party, and with a general "good-night," sauntered out. In the bar he found Sergeant Gumps, to whom he whispered; "I can swear to the man: he has two false front teeth, and there is the anchor on his left wrist. Besides, I've heard his voice and watched his face, and I can't make any mistake." Sergeant Gumps smiled, and whispering; "Follow me," walked into the taproom, the door of which was immediately leaned against by the two men who had been sitting close by it. As soon as Bob Jeffreys saw Egerton return with Sergeant Gumps, he seemed to have some misgiving; and when the latter walked up and said:—"I'm a police- sergeant, and I want you," Jeffreys attempted to leap over the table, but was dragged down by the man with the knobby stick. "You're another of 'em, I suppose," he muttered, seeing how matters stood. "Come, lend a hand here, mates." His mates were preparing for a rescue, when Sergeant Gumps remarked calmly: "It's a charge of murder;" whereupon they held aloof, and looked helplessly at one another. Jeffreys now made a desperate resistance, howled and shrieked, cursed his mates, and uttered the most fearful threats against Egerton; but Sergeant Gumps soon produced a pair of handcuffs, in which, notwithstand- ing Jeffreys' piteous allusions to his wound, his hands were secured, the sergeant having previously taking the liberty of tearing off the plaster, and exposing to view no wound worse than a tattooed anchor of long standing. It will easily be understood that Bob Jeffreys was proved to be no other than Jack Andrews, in whose chest was found a suit of clothes, some of which was stained with blood. Egerton certainly could and did state in evidence that the clothes, which were proved to have been those worn by Jack Andrews when he was rowed across the Cam by Egerton, were considerably stained with blood from the wearer's own nose. However, the life-preserver which was fished up from the river was sworn to as being exactly like one which Jack Andrews was in the habit of carrying before the murder, and which he never was known to have in his possession after he had been rowed by Egerton across the Cam; and the life-preserver was just the sort of instrument to inflict the injuries from which the old woman at the pike died. Moreover, a man, who could not well have been anybody except Jack Andrews, had opened the turnpike gate at the very moment that the old woman must have been breathing her last; and after the murder Jack Andrews had appeared to be as unaccountedly familiar with cash as he had before been accountably unfamiliar. In fact, two and two were put together by legal gentlemen in so convincing a manner, that a Jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against Jack Andrews; and Jack Andrews was hanged by the neck until he was dead. And Egerton, both in Court and in the newspapers, received a severe reprimand for having very nearly enabled a criminal to escape from justice; and young gentlemen were warned to take to heart his example, and, if they would not assist, to at any rate abstain from obstructing the law, even when the officers were believed to appear in the unpopular form of bailiffs. 