OUR PARIS LETTER. THE.WAR WITH PRUSSIA. PAnns, July 10, 1870. The excitement of the French for a foreign war is quito a different thing from that of a -revolution. In the latter, political passions are divided :,there is fratricidal hate and pitiless revenge. In the former, as is the case now, the whole nation rises as one man to i shake the great allliction-roal or imagined -off. All voices are for war, and though wisdom may cry out as loud as she pleases i in the streets, no one regards her. No doubt in their dreams the French see only visions of 1 the shocks of armies. Dogs dream of bones, and fishermen of fish, and the military character t of the Gauls is as intensified. Fighting is their natural element-peace, but apparently a rest before re-engagement. In Europe, e France must be first i this position she will , never abdicate while a drum and a bugle can o call her sons to glory. The parting with life n has no terrors for them : head-foremost they y plunge into danger-the more diffieult the more: honorableand truly seek the bubble ist rapndtiitibo' at the icanon'q mouth. Ea :Incapable to restrain ajealouensy most sensitiv the the French; since 1866, have 'chafed at thd Lai sight of Prussian aggrandizement. They have rati with unconcealed :rage seen Bismark eating lap. up the potty rulers of Germany, to carry outl wasi the greatest idea of modern times-the unifica-1 wil tion of sixty millions of people; kept apart by froe the selfishness or ambition of Lilliputian] Lu( potentates. He desired to gather the scattered Goo Tentons into one fold, under one P shepherd." He had arranged every- sitti thing --it only required the " old the horso"-as he openly described the King to like take the fence, and clear it. The old horse, The full of metal still, without spurring, was equal mai to the occasion. Since that successful leap in ocli the dark-the French parliament-tho'club of orators-the press-have never, lost an oc- side casion to: chant the " downfall of Paris," and, no upbraid the Emperor with having failed to the uphold the legitimate dignity of France. pro With this lesson brought home to men's, who business hnd bosoms, a state of chronic unrest; ee was duly produced, and reflected in a general But instability of trade and commerce. "It was the rest shadow' of Prussia' that 'caused all.' Hence,: bin only a spark was required to fire the train-al 20, word to slip the nation from 'its leish. The call French Foreign Secretary' applied the match, the expressed the word-and two of the most ad- hui vanced nations in civilization-frightfully en- of ergotio-extremely rich-with enormous re-, wh sources-settle for" the "spring' at each other's coc throats. France, the home of wit, the centre wi ofintelligence-with her history of sacrifices for human liberty, goes to decimate: Germany els -the land of science and philosophy:-tho' gle birth-place of thought- of reform-the counhtry riv 'of Goethe and Schiller-and to bhe decimated boi in return. Draw a veil over civilization. not Lot's talk of giaves, of worms, of epitaphs. las Let's ope- ' , ' ''' thr '" The'purple testaseent of bleeding w\ar." "' In so secretly coinveying the offer of the wi Crown of Spain to Leopold Hohenzollorn, in both Prim and Bismark intended to cast a slight on France :-it was so viewed and ro- cri sentdd. ThoePrinco to' save the Continent a ag bloody struggle, resigned the bauble. Hero again wi Prussia did not go out of her way to be compli- chi mentary to France. It was Leopold's papa that thi informed Prim and the French' Prime an Minister of his son's disinterestedness,,and wi the' Minister ' overjoyed, broke through' all he diplomatic etiquetteo, by hawking the telegram he about, and boastinmg the honour of France was we saved, and peace secured. But he reckoned without hishost;. "The latent burning desire wi of the nation-of the army-to cross bayonets mr with the Germans was awakened: ,war must hie be arranged-a peg secured to fasten a quarrel us on:Prussia. ,Perish the ministry that cannot ph secure this-and. a few Ihours will ;show:tho te number of their days.;., King William must eat so humble pie that would: imperil, his throne, or th fight-he must sign a humiliating bond, un- sac dertaking never to consent to Loopold's being rel King ; hereafter ho. .broke, faith :about. the th treaty of Prague- conjure that, before his eyes pa like a Banquo's ghost. But don't lethim, slip a' this time through our fipgers-whon the army he is so perfectly propared-tho causo just, and Bi the weather fine. - The Legislature and 'the en Emperor' nlust be ,the interpreters of the ml national feeling: a plague on your parlia- ag meontary system, that gives ministers unequal tri to the occasion. Recall ambassadors, proclaim 'do war against Northern Germany-placard it 'over m the walls of Paris-the towns of tho,e Empire- hr take Luxemburg to-day- Coblentz tb-morrow-= a occupy. Berlin ,the day after.' Finish within gi our chartered time-throe days. 'Break up - the Confederation. The villany Bismarck do taught let us execute, by annexing Rhenish de Prussia-restore Shleswig to the gallant Danes pi whom we leftto struggle alone in .18O4-restore w George' the Fifth to his loving Hanovorians John to his Saxons-sot Southern Germany or free, and give a hand to the resuscitation ni of Austria. Such is to be the programme. In al domaiiding King William to do more than, was dt originally demauded, France has evoked 'the lc rosistanco of the Confederation. The Germans n are not despicable troops,and France will fight T now under conditions different from the divided days of 1808. Sho'has'recalled her children ci who are now employed in 'France; largely as w 'commercial clerks, and 'extensively as heowers it 'of wood'and dicawrs of water. ' It m'ust 'be" a a 'relief for them to depart' for thed Confederate ti 'Landuohr. The demonstrations' against them n by the populace were at boiling point. The ii war journals had fallen back on the literature g of animosity. Anything is good enough to throw t; at a dog. The Boranigers of the, card concerts c have given ballads of their best, all attuned to l1 the Marsellafie, and the burthen of which is t 'that the Prussians will never reign in France. 'England had the honors of this prediction for- I merly, then during the Crimean times it passed 1 to the Russians. The old properties 'have e some virtue still. In a few days the theatres e will keep the sacred flame burning by scream e ing farces and genteel comedies, at the expense Sof Fatherland. a Paris seems to live in its streets. " No thoroughfare" might be noticed up in the principal rues. It is a contagious blockade of d excited masses demanding war-crying aloud o for satisfaction-and , the more profound, e d becauso the want cannot be specifically o diagnosed. Young men of all classes parade Stheo streets with tricolors, vociferating h for 'war - " Down with the Prussians" if " with Bismark." But long live Franco-the f Cabinet of " honest men," as the members d styled themselves-only excepted. Its attitude it has been epiloptical- discretion and indis of cretion-its conduct at once rash, feeble, and t inconsistent. 'Instead of mounting the Capitol to thank the gods, it ought to pass to the Tar s peian rock. " - fittest goal of Treason's race." is The Emperor bows to the nation. Hoe will lead the army to the glory, and secure adozeu years of peace at home,: and the advent of his son to the throne, despite the knocking at the gates of France, by, the Orleanist 'Princes for admission. He cannot. resist the current of the national feeling, so like Brennus the Gaul, in he throws his.sword into theoscale. a Tho preparations are most formidable. All us tho railways are occupied in. transporting Id military stores to the frontier, as well as men so to use them. The moveable National Guard, to where every man of a fighting age must serve, ed without distinction, is being rapidly mobilised, gh and will occupy the military positions of the es Empire, while the regular army is cutting its ht way to Berlin. of Spain counts as nothing in this affair. s, France regards her as but the cat's-paw. icr However, she will bo watched on the frontier. is The struggle opens with a duel between France Ily and Prussia. Th 'wind is being sown, but how i, many of the "neutrals" will escape reaping i the whirlwind? Italy is sure of Rome. an What will the Czar do ?-it is time to be look ife ing after his "sick man." iey If inter ?cma silent lIges be true, it will also the hold good in the case of general nows. Whero is the country indifferent to a commotion i I 1 Europe ? How small appears the 'passiing of ' the dogma of infallibility I It is one Grand u Lama more-it is not so much the officia a ratification of an accepted position after the 5 lapse of eighteen centuries, as thedeclaration of a war between the Church and Society, and which! S will in time bear fruit in separating churches to from states. To-day we want the clirgy of ol Lutheranism and Catholicism to pray to the; eI God of Battles-to-morrow to chant a De Profumlis--and in a week a To Deem. The sittings of the High Court of Justice at Blois- C the transport of the sixty accused from Paris hi like a chain-gang to stand their .trial-pshaw l' The Lyons exhibition-and the reputed Chinese: massacre, pass as unheeded as the moon's total eclipse. Give us the statistics of iron-clads- of chassopots- of those mitrailleuses on both' sides that promise to end the war by leaving no combatants to continue it. What about' the economy offected in the Budget-- the sup-! pression .of the !!.inspector Jof emigration," who had no emigrants to inspect? All very; excellent-it gives more grist to the war-mill., But vote supplies at pleasure for the army of sl reserve-for rifled cannon and repeating cara-j ti bines. The " strike" at Mulhouse, among: 20,000 artizans, including the honorable calling guild of sweeps I It' is but a flash in: the pan. Pass to the latest telegram-the hundredth edition of The Situation-theo plan of the - German fortresses-the calculation: when the tricolor will float at Berlin-the conditions of peaco-and the day when Paris will illuminate for victory. The '" drought"[is forgotten, like everything I else. But if France is able to pay for her glory, she can also pay for a famine. In as river skirting Fontainebleau there is a huge boulder in the bed, now dry, and which has; h not been seen since two centuries-when the' last dreadful drought afflicted -France. At' that period was engraved on' the stone "Those who have seen me cried, and those' who may again view shall weep." Tears are' in the ascendant. . Every allowance must be made for the b crisis we are passing through. A few daysI ago, a gentleman threw up his drawing.ro'm t window, and fired off the contents of a six chambered revolver. The police, believing I the Prussians had arrived, rushed up stairs, and the gentleman informed them that his wife bad just presented him with a son and heir; and, following the etiquette of royalty, he desired to give all eclat to the event, and wanting cannon had to patronise a pistol. No one can accuse the demi-monde of Paris with 'having the slightest modicum of hu manity, and Dumas fils seems warranted in his assertion that this class of women are useful in preying upon their dupes-a social plague-by destroying them. Do I exceed the bounds of propriety in revealing that, so great is the luxury of the modern Paphians, thatit requires the unitedpurses of two or three slavish fools to meet it 1 When one has no ready money, a promissory note holds good; there are discounters enough to take the paper for one-half it represents. Thus many a " promising boy" is ruined, and in' his fall he brings down his family. Schumacher La Bruyhre was a noted " soiled dove ;" she entrapped the old Marquis d'Orvault to mar-ry her." He died some eighteen months ago, in consequence of his exposure, during a trial of a brother of the "marchioness" 'daughter of a cab-man-for an attempt to murder her for her money. The 'marehioness' has appeared in Court to recover the' sum :of 100,000, the amount of a bill given to her'. by one of her "adorers" -H. do Haynin, since dead. The executors declined to recognise the claim-the Tribunal declared they were justified, as the bill re presented only pretima stupri-or in other words, immorality and shame. There' is an advertising sheet daily brought out in : this city. 'Following other advanced nations, it has opened a "matrimonial column," and there are no less than four widows,' who t describe themselves as rich, young, and good looking, "wanting husbands" - applicants must be army officers,' and on active service. The pleasures of a second widowhood I I In scientific progress there is 'to be re corded the discovery of Chemist 'Bfchamp, who has at last found the philosopher's stone in the preparation of "excellent alcohol from i air and water." Thanks to kind nature, there is an abundant 'supply of the raw i material, and if the "pocket apparatus" does a its work there will be few benefited by his o genius that will: not wish. him the "top o', v the mornin'." No person now'has any ex cuse for " being out of spirits." Permissive a liquor laws are doomed. We have at last the secret why good air and fresh water are so healthful. " One bumper at parting,"' M. Bichamp-" May' your shadow never be d less." 