A FEARFUL CASE OF TETANUS.--We have seldom read a more terrible account of suf ferrings from lockjaw than that related,. by Thomas Pocklington, at an inquest held on the 11th instant, at Rockhampton, on the body of his son. (reported in the Bulletin). He stated :-I am a ship's cook : I have been working lately at the boiling down at Laurel Bank; I hada ason with me of the name of Earnest William Pocklington; he told me he had a splinter in his foot last Monday week at dinner time ; the splinter was taken out; it was an ironbark splinter; I applied a hot bread poultice; he was much easier; we applied ointment to the place; the ointment was a rosin colour; I got it from the hospital for my leg;. the ointment was not all used; the remainder of it is at the boiling down ; the boy limped about till last Sunday; he complained of no pain, but he could not stand.; on Sunday at dinner. time, he could not eat; he said his mouth was sore; I applied this ointment fresh every morning, bathing it first; I examined his mouth; I could see no sore ; be said it did not extend to his throat; he could not eat on Monday; I, applied a hot onion in flannel to his neck; he got better; he could not put his leg straight; it was bent at the knee, on Monday afternoon his teeth closed, and he was restless the whole of the night ; he had taken nothing to eat or drink; I asked him if he was in pain, and he said "no;" he told me not to talk to him ; on Tuesday a Mr Staiger came in and rubbed chloroform on his neck, and recommended a warm bath which we gave him ; we wrapped him up in blankets, and he felt much better; after this, Mr Berkelman gave me an order of admis sion for the boy into the Hospital ; we came down in a boat, and this man came with us of the name of Charles Poole; we left Lau rel Bank between 5 and 6 o'clock in the af ternoon; the little boy suffered a great deal and asked for water; the water could not pass his teeth; after this he asked to be turned head over heels ; he wanted to go down; after this he began to moan; he was left quiet for half-an-hour, and Charles Poole told me to look at him, and I saw he was dead; we came on to Rockhampton, and the report of the death was sent to the police; the police came, and the body was taken to the dead-house;. the boy had no medicine, nor did a doctor see him ; he was ten years and two months old; I should say the splinter went a quarter of an inch in; he was barefooted, and it was in a blacksmith's shop he got the splinter in his foot. LATE DEATHLS BY DROWNING AT GUNDA GaL.-On Saturday, the 7th inst., the body of the infant child of the ill'fated Mrs Frank lin? was recovered in Morley's Creek, and was buried. On the following Tuesday everhing, the'body of Mrs Franklin was also found by My Archer, on a gravelly beach of the, river, near !o9.son's corner, and it has decently iiterred;thbe funeral"wargiing read by tie Rev. J. N. Manning on TSis day af'6noon.-Times. THE OLN BURIAL GROUND AT YAss.-It may not be generally known that the original cemetery was on the bank of the river known as Mud Island; such is the case, and the recent flood has shown many of the graves which had been hidden from view. In some places the graves are quite open, and the coffins are to be seen. What is it that is required to close these graves and prevent the possibility of the bones of possibly some dear friend from being taken away by the crows and other birds ? : It is a corporation or h Ch'istian feeling ? --outhern Argus. LnAILWAY STATISTIcs.-From a return, ordered to be printed on the 5th inst., we (Yass Courier), glean the following particu. lars: Number of miles of railway open, 318, number of passengers, 759,635k; tons of goods 714;113; total earnings for coaching, £109,327; total earnings for goods, £155,547; total expenditure, £173,228; the net earnings, £91,046; amount of capital invested, £5,000,000 (on lines open for traffic); the rate of interest, per cent., 1.820; the average working expenses per cent., on earnings-on the Southern, Wes tern, Richmond, and Nothern Railways, from 1st January, 1869, to 31st December, 1869, per cent., 65.689. A DISHONEST AND SILLY PRACTICE. Attention has been called to a practice in which some of the farmers have lately been detected. Having bad wheat damaged by wet they have put this in the bottom of their bags with good wheat at the top and attempted to sell all as good; but as buyers are not altogether without caution this has: been detected; and then the consequence has been that the seller has had to take the rate of the damaged rheat for the whole, good wheat included, besides being set down ss-'a dishonest fellowr. Honesty will be found to be the best policy in wheat-selling es in other matters.---Goutdurn Herald. •?eiar PLEASANT INDEED.-From 'thel river in South Yass to North Yase the dia tance is about half a mile. ,.. .ut last week, 'be(ore' the -river became crossable, several persons in North' Yass had business into town with carts, and they had to come aro.nd by the Hume bridge, making the dis'tance nine miles. These persons returned home again on the same day that they came into the town; thus, 'to come from North 'Yass to South Yas, they had to travel a dijtance of eighteen miles, which, could th', hivc crossed the river at Yass, would hao-? 6j been one mile. 'We hope the new bridge wi be erected- on such a basis uas to mafei s.itbhstand even such another flood as the disastrous one of April last, "andd threby save.theNorth Yas people from the. mconvrienie they were' put to last week coming into town.--outAern Arguos. LAMENTABLE IGNORANCE. - At the Police Court the other day (says the Dubbo Dis- patch), there was an exhibition of ignorance, which does not speak very favourably for the progreess of education in the bush. A young man, about eighteen years of age, was charged with that crime (very popular among a class), horse stealing; and it being necessary for the bench to question him as to particulars, the following dialogue took place between him and the chairman, Dr. Peers, J.P. :-- Where were you brought up? Bush youth (roughly and loudly) : Wha-at? J.P.: Where were you reared?: Wha-at? J.P.: Where did you come from? Bush youth (as if a new light had dawned on him, and he had at last found out what the question meant) : The Mac- quarie. J.P.: Can you say your prayers? A little. J.P.: Say the Lord's Prayer. Eh \-- wha-at? J.P.: Did you ever say the Lord's Prayer? Said it when I was a little fellow - can't now. Several other questions were put, and only an "Eh," or a "Wha- at" could be received in reply. This lad was barely seventeen or eighteen. He could not read or write. His only knowledge of the prayer common to Christians of all sects was a dim recollection that when he was a "little fellow" he had lisped it. His manner was thoroughly rough. We do not blame the lad, who is no singular specimen. He is the type of a large class of youngsters without education or knowledge of religious truths. If they ever hear the name of God, it is only when it is uttered by some profane blasphemer. Is it to be wondered at that cattle stealing and other crimes are rife ? AN AWKWARD PREDICAMANT.--On Tues day night (says the Armidale Express), as Mr John M'Lennan was on his way home from town to Kelly's,Plains, his horse shied :at the guides to the upper culvert at the intersection of 'Danger an'd`liRsdeir'street, rent into the water table in the-latter street, and on going against the bank fell and rolled upon his rider. Mrs Black, who lives about 100 yards, off, happening to be out side at the moment, noticed the accident, and hastened to the spot with Mrs Gorman. They found .Mr M'Lennan unconscious, and bleeding from a wound in the head, while .the horse was lying upon him apparently dead. Two men coming up, Mr M'Lennan was extricated, and removed. to Mrs Gorman's, where' he was attended by Dr Bedford. On Wednesday morning he was sufficiently recovered to proceed home. The horseo.came to soon after the accident. SUP?bSED DROWNING or EIGHT 'PERSONS '-Thei Cowra Correspondent of the Bat Aurst Free .Press writes-Loss of life took place last Friday near Goolagang. ' A man of the name of Hill, a free selector (and formerly in the police force) whilstattempting to swim the river to look after some of his pigs was carried 4down the stream and drowned. The Ca?pw?indnippilice have been dragging the river for the last two days, but have not yet found the body. Pre vious to,igoing isto the water poor Hill tied his trousers at the ankles and his shirt at the waist, and this no doubt acting as a kind of bag carried him under water, lie owned 320 acres of land; his house and every thing he had was taken by the flood, and he leaves a widow and young family totally destitute. Another loss of life had been reported for some days past; that of a whole family of seven-father, mother, and five children. This is said to have occured at Wangan, Mr Clements' station, a few miles this side of Forbes. Mr Clements, you must remember, lost 2500 sheep, and this was the family engaged shepherding those sheep. This must unfortunate family was named Lonregan. Lonregan was for. merly chief constable at Condobolin, and was an old man. For a thoroughly horrible sensation, says Thursday's Argus, commend us to the, report of the inquest upon the unhappy in fant Martha Cox in this day's issue. The. most-inordiniae appetite :for startling narra. Lions connot fail to be satisfied at' the revolte ing details of this inquiry. The story 'is brief, 'ut disgusting,.and it is all the more disgusting, inasmuch as it indicates even more than it expresses. I. V'demonstrates, among other daily-occurring proofs, that in the midst of a civilization and a social refinement of which we are 'eontiuually boasting, there exists a species of 'savagery much lower in real moral debasement than that of the barbarian aborigines upon whom we have habituated ourselves to look with such a lofty compassion. In a wretched wooden hut in Williamstown a man and woman, four illegitimate children, and the woman's mother, 'bave for some time been livingin. a state of the filthiest dis comfort. The paternity of one of the children was uncertain, that of the three othera was something less obscure. On last Saturday night week ,the two women went out marketing; and came home both drunk, as their custom. More beer was sent for, and supper was prepared, and as this latter process involved the making of a fire,' a fire was accordingly made in the middle of the floor, the fire-place having long since 'fallen to pieces. There were no chairs, and the women sat lubra- fashion on the floor, the mother havrmng the child on her knee. They devoured their supper, and swallowed more beer, and then fell asleep. The man, being a little less drunk than the women retired into an inner apartment, formed by a partition of canvas bags, but the women, utterly stupefied, slept where they had squatted down by the fire. About midnight the man awoke, hearing the childcerying feebly.. Both the..women were still asleep, and.the child, having rolled off its insensible mother's lap, was' slowly rostinhk in the amouldering fire. ' Its eyes were destroyed, and its brain was partially consumed; and yet with this shocking sight before them these unseaed. -women would not send for medical assistance. No doubt the miserable littlebeinag was pasitany effectual ministra tion of this kind, but-the indifference to its its fate shown by-those to whom, under any circmstincei, it shoLld have been most dear, proen bhbw completely the natural ~instincts" of affcti~ntdn becn'- 'dt!!ed by de'rtding •habits.' The child lingered in mir:ery a week and died in jail, wither the mother, and her wretclied offspring had cbeen; sent, as no doubt the best means of temporarily provid ing for them. - .R RowrNo MATci Ynot.e500, qETWEEN R. HtcKEY ' All hl. RusH.-This race, which has attracted a gdod deal of interest during the past few days, was pulled off on Satur,. :day'; ftenioon, over the usual course on the ,Parramatta River, and resulted in favour of Rush, after a 1plendid contest. .: Both men have been assiduous in their training, the Clarence River representative being in the hands of the veteran Riichard Green, while Ilickcy was trained.by his brother. A day or two before the event Ifickey was the fa vourite at six and five to four, but on Satur day Rush adva'nced in pu'licestimation, un til the betting was reduced to evens. The sporting public were largely represented at the race, for besides.tlhe Kembla,. which was specially chartered by liickey,,i and the Breadalbane, which conveyed hush's backers and friends to the river, the following stea mers were also crowded, v;z.:-Cobra, 1 er aid, -Courier, Adelaide, Premier, Pelican, Phantom, and Mr J Cuthbert's steam yatch Fairy, in which the referee. (Mr Richard Driver) followed' the race.' 1t sh ~ was the first to make his appearance and was quickly followed by Dickey, both men being hearti ly cheered b- their respective admirers and backers as they pulled away to the starting point.. Hickey having won the toss decided on taking" the. inoth,aside of the river, and about .11 minutes tp 5 they went away with a splendid' starb, iush havuigg'a.s light ad vantage. Hickey, however, quickly. shot in front, but only retained this position to' the first point, where Rush, who was palling a long sweeping stroke, "came abreast again and forged ahead. Nearing Ryde .Point-a mile from the start--Hickey made ani effort and came up, but .in consequence of his steering too close to the shore he lost his chance.. . Rush.. who appeared to be going almost in a direct line, passed .the point two lengths' in advance; amid intense excitemnent as the backers of the, espective men urgecd. them to iqcreased "ei'ertion: Across the bend, to the bathhiig-house point the New castle man made a dectermined effort to catch Rush ; but although at one time he lessened the distance by a length, he did not succeed in getting abreast, and as they passed the point Rush who was pulling strong and well within himself, was two lengths in advance. At the next' turn he had increased his lead to soniething like four lengths, ; iud krom this time to the finish there waslittl'e'doubt as to the result. Three quarters of a mile from home, however, Hickey made an at tempt to come to the fore, but Rush an swered with a spurt that rendered it upsuc cessful.' 'Passing Bedlam Point Hickey ap peared to be labouring _in his stri'ke, and Rush, with a spirited dash, placel a gap of six lengths between.himself and. his oppo nent, but. the exertion evidently distressed him, and enabled hlickey, who pulled with great pluck throughout, tr., come up. This, however occurred suchk a short distance from home, that he was not able to collar 'Rush, who passed the win'ding post tl ree lengths ahead, the race having been pulled in'46 minutes 43 seconrks. In conclusion, we may say that the race was run upon its merits ; both men pulled with great determination, but the superior training and long reach of the Clarence River puller proed too much for Hickey, who seemed somewhat deficient in training. liHe, however, put his opponent on . his mettle, and it was noticed by many that .-RIsh, upon nearing the winning post, was getting distressed:. Before the men started MIickey intimaied to:the referee that he intended entering a protest against Rush but we .believe nothing came of it. 'The stakes were, we understand, handed over on Saturday. night.-S. M. Herald. DEATH OF MRs BaRTON.-The Pastoral Times says :-"It is with regret we chronicle the death of Mrs Hienry Burton of Redbank at the e"acly age of 29. In: consequence of this sad event, "the contemplated perform ances of the. circus troupe were abandoned forithe time, and Mr Burton has advertised the hotel for sale." ANOTHER GuosT.-A report has been curreat in Kempsy during the past week that the ghost of an old woman has been seer' on two or three occasions .>ý'place known as Darby's selection, sitllto a*t?&fldiastance; front this town. A young man named Frin cis M'Carthy., and another-.man, all state, we believe, that they have seen the ghost an old woman, tall, lean, and haggard. It was seen, it is statedon three' consecutiive nights, and approaseled the men, uttering the most piercing 'aid unearthly shrieks. Report says that some years ago an old eou pie lives vfryinhasppy, life in that locality; and ,~he, iWboai~ iitipmtely died in a most wretched condition. Whether her death whs hastened is not known, nor does it trans pire that any questions were put to the ap.. parition by' those who say.they saw it. Mlacleay Herald. Tt: MonRkA'A A ~sE.-LThe correspon dent of the Melbrtirfe Argus says the ver dict in the Mordaunt case, although foreseen has been on al pids regarded as a sorry ending'to ai jiidiia p'roceeding. • The Prince is underatood to- have taken counsel with the Lord GhBlisif'ot-'before he presented himself in the witnes-box. Great satisfac tion has been expressed at the manner in which heclebredhiniedifrrboj all imputations. The Queen has sent for HSisoIyal.Highnes and the Princess at oncqe to receive her ,con gratulationis. Once that w.ekl the Prince was saluted at the theatre wi#h pointed ques tions and loud hisses; and at ; volunteer dinner there were unwonted cries of "no, no," when his health. was 'lroposqd; but -after his appearance public feeling changed and at the theatre on a-subsequent night he was warmly cheered; . The same week also his Royal Highness held a levee, takinpg conspicuous duty in the place of Her M'a cesty. 