I ' CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. I Four at General Assembly. The autumnal session commenced on Tuesday, 12th April, proceedings being inaugurated by a devotional service, held in the Point Piper-Road Church. There was a good attend- once of ministers and delegates, and members of the various local churches. The Rev. G. G. Howden, of Burwood, and the Rev. Thomas S. Forsaith conducted the devotional services ; after which the Rev. P. H. Browne, of' Windsor,-' I delivered an appropriate address, founded on the sacred promise, " Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me " On Wednesday, 13th, the ministers and delegates met in the church at Ocean- street, at 10 a m. The Chairman (Rev. T. Johnson) opened the meeting by reading a portion of Scripture and offering prayer. The Pastor of the Church (the Rev. T. Gainford) briefly welcomed the members of the Union. The clerical Secretary introduced the Rev. W. I Wood, of Oxford-street Church, Melbourne and the Rev. S. C. Kent introduced the Rev. O. Copeland, late of Prestwich, near Manchester, as visitors, The Chairman, in the name of the Union, gave them. The right-hand of a fellowship. The lay Secretary having submitted copies of the model trust deed, it was resolved, on the motion of the Rev. W. Slatyer, seconded by the Rev. T Roseby,- " That the price of a single set of copies of the deed be fixed at I £1." The denominational statistics, as prepared for the Government, were read to the meeting. The lay Secretary reported applications from the Government for the names of trustees for portions of land set apart for burial grounds for Congregationalists in different parts of the country, and that the Committee of the Union had appointed certain gentlemen as trustees for such lands. The Assembly sustained the appointment. The lay secretary further reported correspondent relating to an application to Government for a piece of land at Buggy Creek, on which to erect a Congregational Church. The Rev. T. J. Peirce, of Newcastle, explained that the application had been made by one who was uninformed of the principles of the denomination, and had since been withdrawn. At 1 o'clock the meeting adjourned to the school-room adjoining the church, which had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, to partake of of refreshments provided by the ladies of the local congregations. At 2 o'clock the ministers and delegates reassembled. The Rev. G. CitAitTEit, of Wollongong, opened with prayer. The Rev. T. Hiles, of Maitland, made a statement concerning the proposal of his people to erect a manse, A suitable site had been procured, and he hoped that the friends would assist by their contributions. The Rev. T. Gainford read a paper on the necessity of legislative reform of the present licensing laws. A lengthened discussion followed, during which Mr. Samuel Goode (who had given notice of proposing a petition for adoption by the Union in favour of a permit pive bill) withdrew his motion ; whereupon a resolution was proposed by the Pt v J (issuing an i iiiantumU adopted, chartering the. sustain an urging individual effort in a leading reform. 'The session was doped 1- devon I tendered-. a -man ted by the Rev. J G ibu) , too eh in ten p item lan benediction at 6 30 a a Ali rpt con. put j sat down to toil in his cell is in, at the conclusion of which a public, npt'iUi as, best I am the. church, the Rev. S C K ¡.t cj em), needs piece of news by residing n j o tion if it nature and fining of war The Cn All-Aged a, and b in the i uni tincture of an address from the car had been laid a side in order to give reports city 15 gentlemen present to advocate the claims of various institutes as connected with the body H should lift Upon Mr. Mullens to speak on behalf of (JauiJou College. Mr Hill i h made a brief statement of the finances of position of this C liege, for calling to the Church Or increased supplies II-) a m feilen e 1 by the lit . T J I'll i El of _îo"-i»«itle, obtained idea visible space- confirmed the claims of the College Mr. Jones I >ne!A\ (ben hill before the meeting a statement concerning the use the progress and present position of the Colonial AIie»irnai> Society, and via followed by the Rev. S. J Gin in of Campbelltown, who gave an interesting amount of his labours in the country districts beyond Campbelltown, and urge the necessity of increased efforts to support and extend the operations of the society, The Rev. W. Woods delivered an animated address on behalf of Home and Foreign missions, and the business was brought to a close by the doxology being sung, after which (Lo CitAniMAt, pronounced the benediction. 