COUNTRY CORRESPONDENCE. SALISBURY. October 20. lhe annual meeting of the Branch Bible Society on Friday evening, in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, was well attended, and Mr. W. Diluent, of Beaford. nresidr-d. The ronort. read by the Ksv. J. R Ferguson, showed -ool progress and augmented funds, mainly due to the assiduity of lady collectors. The Rev. Mr. Piper, in a leagthy and interesting speech, ?et forth the Society's claims, and an admirable address was given by the Rev. J. H. Williams. The Kev. Samuel Knight preached anni versary sermons at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday. The evening congregation was very crowded. Cb Monday tea and public meetings were successful, tho llovs. J. Haslam, .1. II. 'Williams, W. S. Worth, .T. R. Ferguson, and G. W. Patchell, Messrs. Diment, and LitchtieM being the speakers. Mr. Swann presided Haymaking is now in full pro^res--, ;-nl machines are iC work on every hand. KEKSBROOK, October 17. On Tuesday ;he Band of Hope, to the number of about SO, accepted an invitaton from Mrs. Peuna to a picnic near Spring Gully, where imlimited refreshments were provided, and games were engaged in from early morn till sunset. All were pleased, and no accident marred the enjoyment of about the most successful similar gathering ever held in the neighbourhood. At hi^ht the annual meeting was held, and several names were added to the roll. CLARE, October 15. The Amateur Star Chrwtvs have given two imtertaiiiments to clear off the debt of the Amateur Theatricals, an object now accom plished, aud tho two Clubs will unite in raising funds for the School aad the Institute. Last night visitors from Riverton expressed a hi^h opinion of their acting and .songs, and others from the Burra considered the burlesque of ' Soia^ranbula' excellent. After that wo may be i-iciihud lauding them. At tLe Presbyterian nnniver.-ai-y meetings a :-iall realized £11, ai.d the tea :iud collections brought £10. Wheat still c-jinc* in driblets to the niii!. WOO!-.S1DE, October 17. Utc\\- sympathy i* felt for the widow and family of the late Mr. Arioiph Koch, who died suddenly on Monday niglit. The deceased, an old resident and much respected, was until tvithin the last 12 iuo!:ti:- a strong man, uuring which he wa» subject to what was constdereil liver eomj-!fli:it, but from this ha appeared to have recovered. He was uj- to the day of his death attending to business. On Mocda;- lie was at Lobetha! renovating the grave of his tir.-t wife, and on reti.nt had a good tea, ai;d spoke of being mui-h better than usual. Ho retired apparently well, but shortly after called Mrs. Koch, who k-cawo alarmed aud j-ent for the doctor, but leiorc tho mossen^er liad proceeded ;i hundred yards Mr. Koch t-xpircr. Tho deceased wa.-. buried at Lobeth.il Cemetcn on Wednesday, the funeral procession c(-ui[ t:m' .g '5 brother Oddfellow-, -lo vehicles, a iid 14 iiorsemou. UL1XMAX, October 17. N'cv,-- of Mr. Toild nv.d party passing Beltana !);i.-. bc-c:.. heard during tae week. Tho expedi tion a; pears to have made r- thoroughly Miccc.?oii:l commencement, and doubtless ere mar.v iv.onths are passed a portion of the line will be iu operation. It i.- hoped the day miy i.i-t Ik- distant when the uw. road will follow the wire. JScveru! hot days have been followed by a fhn:'.^e, li.'ht showers haviici falleii durinir the ? ?i,''it, ai.d thi- morning it i* coo!. MEXIXDIE, October :.. 'Ihe S;,ilnc-y authorities are at last recognising ;i!n( rewarding our oSicinl*. Trooper Bay ley !)3.7 be*:, furnished with a ;-air of stripes, and Mr. .1. Cronan, teacher, raised to first-class honours, with correspoudir-.g pay and cmolu tr.uuti. A town commor.B^e of 16,000 acres has hcei. granted, with tire respectable naai-'s parette-.l as Managers. Other concessions are -et wanted, as wo pay largely to the revenue, :i:ul exiLct .'. part to be expended in the dutrict. TKUKO, October IS. Tl-.e sr.nivcrsiry scnuons of the Congrega tions; Church were preached on the (Mb bv the Ktv. James Henderson, of I'ort Adelaide, to moderate congregations, .-??. the weather [-ie- veLtt-n many Attending. Next day about 2.7) — An:j3*i- !i arid North IIhi::e heisg well ropre -fated- -L.il I tea. Mr. Her.der-on then delivered his lecture on 'Oddities of Genius' to a crowrie-' assembly, many ht-in^ unable to obtniu *e:i{-. The {{«v. P. Rut presided, aud the Itov.-. lianney and Gibson, of Ani'aston, were prestLt. The Sunday -School children had tea next ri.u, an 1 the weather boiug tine, eujuyed i-porb- a..d g;mes. O:\ Wedne-'duy. at the examination of Mr. Ton-it.'.',:y's school, I'ine Hist, the Kev. P. Uarr, Mr. Jx--tt, J.I'., Me?.-i-. «t'-pki:!s and Miethke, (teacLer. o' Si. Kitt» and Trv.ro i were present, Mid t:i-.- vus:^. wa.s ii!lc! with parents and vi.-it'U.-.. ? -?? MONAIITO. October 17. Tlx M.invtr-ary sermons of Lotig Valley We lejau CtUipel were preached en the Oth by tho Kev. James llaslam, Circuit minister, and by Mr. Boitv, of Callington. In tho afternoon Mr. H.'.jlam gave an addre.-s, and the children redt'jd. Considering the Iumvj rains the silten I'ai-itr.- v.-».'iv -ootl. Ou Monday,' after the scholars liail rcfrt-hm-jiit-* and games, a public tea was well pr-.troniseJ, and the- meeting was largely nUencV.d. Mr. W. 0. Bourn, School Superin tendent, pre-i-.hd, and Mr. T. Webber, juu., re.id a tntisf.i.-.iory report nr.tl iir.aucial st.ite tr.ent. Mes-rs. J. Yenning, II. Crox.-, K. Hei.rfef, W. Godden, .1. Kerry, and lla-laui then ~»,-okc-. IVooeeds of service-, i'-i IS.-?. IXMAX VALLEV. October 17. Ou the 11th :ho Bible t. hri.tians held a soda! tejv to i:.augurAto the commencement of a phu'e of worship, when tho Revs. J. Foster. .1. Counter, and -_'. Hodge .-poke on the importance of tiie work. Receipts, i-i. The Mutua'. Improvement Class gave a miscel lar.ee. -t tiuen.iinniejit at tie Independent ? 'hapeJ, when Messrs. Hodgo, J. A. Lush, 1'. l!oi:Lxiy, aud W. K. yoftk-y read or recited. It i:iir.ed for nearly 32 hours i!ice.=saiitl\' on Sj.ti.r!.--; ui'lL: .ind Sunday nion.ini;. YAXKAL1LLA, OcU.ber IS'. At tLe lnv.iv.ue soiree, on Thursday. Me d;»::-.e- Kr ie, Miihier, and (,'ntlow (I-'innLss Valei, at.d We»rs. Lewis, llibbert, Good, Geuery, au-i LiliywLite, contributed to the musical part, an-i Me-oJS. .^eott, J. A. Leak, and Boys gave read ings. The atteudance was good, and the ju-'- ceoii-- v.'.ll aid ::.o piano fund. PORT AUGUSTA, October 17. The weather was tine a:id very warm until yeitcfday, when a change came o'er the scene iu a light tuuude.-.:orm, which uas, puritied tii'.- air aud made it j-'.-.-a--ant. Busacsij i~ very dull, i-ou.-iderincr tl: it Ui. wool sea-oii is t.u.c harvest time of tiii- pl.s :?.-. UUItRA. October -'. At tLe ope:. ..^ of the railway it was fell that the children should in f:iinie«- have a treat to celebrate so important an event. From a t'o.v cxprc.T&ioiis; let fall by persot- in autliority. i: was concluded that :i special train wu-:M W- allowed to convey the little oue» up iv.A do.v.i the li-e a .-hort. distance at a tn:!;.!._r -:?--. Further correspondence lived the co-t --i lii_'.i ms to be beyond the reach of children of t'oor people, aud a= hwas felt that all should hive the privilege of joining any festival, the iile.i --i' :\ railway trip '-,a.s abandoned, and a mo.i-ter picnic organize! to Mr. McCulIoch's padiloci: a: I'riacess Roy.il. He, with usual kii:.ln.'-s, placed paddock and garden .at the !is posal of tho Committee, only regretting that the fruit wns not ripe .-o as to enha'ioe the pleasure. On Monday last nearly every vehicle that would go upon wheel* was press,- 1 into tho service of conveying the majority ?-}' Uurraites to the Princess lloy.il, where by mid day there were perhaps SOO ^ei^ons assemble- 1. As the day was tint* they enjoyed themselves to iheir heart*,1 content iu all kind of outdo jr games amongst the green grass and trees. Some t-f tho elder folk took as much delight in tho frames of childhood a; \ha younjAeis them selves. A public subscription supplied cake, tea, aud other refreshments to tho children, whilst adults took their own provisions. At A p.m. a general return commenced, and at sundown all had left the grounds except three or four unfortunates who had turned their horses out hobbled and bridled to pick the lovely grass; but the animals, wishing to enjoy thomselves also, had wandered off to a snug little valley among the hills at the farther end of the paddock, and not being forthcoming at the necessary time their owners had to return home on foot and leave their trap behind them. Only two slight accidents happened worth noticing. One arose from a horse, with cart, bolting after the driver had alighted. The vehicle was injured badly in the shafts. The other misfortune occurred through a wheel coming off. No personal injuries of any nature occurred. Miss Thorue has been preaching to good con gregations during the week in connection with Bible Christian places of worship. ? ? ? STREAKY BAY, October 1 i. To a memorial forwarded through our mem bers to tho Commissioner of Crown Lands a few weeks ago, praying for the declaration of a hundred, no decided answer has yet been received. Though tho immediate neighbour hood of the township is sand and scrub, with patches of grass, chiefly black, there is, those say who are acquainted with such subjects, a large extent of good agricultural land within three or four miles. As this proximity to a safe and easily accessible harbour would do away with one of the greatest difficulties fanners inland have to contend with — the want of access to a market — it seems probable that, should this land l-e offered under the new Act, it would be readily taken up by farmers or those who wish to become such. MEADOWS, October 17. On Saturday a match came off at Echunga between 11 of Meadows and 1(- of Echunjra Clubs, in which the former were again victorious, with 43 runs to spare. The conquerors made in the first innings 1*0; G. Holland scoring 16, F. W. Yickery 2*2, and A. Woodgate 32; in the second a total of 35. The others obtained in their first turn 37: C. G. Tapliu getting 21, and in the second the sum was 4f-; of which number W. M. Morris took lf», and Taplin 10. Mr. Considine's contract for road between here and Kuthy Fiat, and Mr. Saunder's for MeIIarg'» Creek, are being pushed on, but not so with Mr. Daik-y1.- contract between Meadows and Echunira. This appears to bo at a stand still, and some portions of tho work have been left in a dangerous state, making it un-afe for niirht traflic except U- those acquainted with the place. Another chame in m:.il drivers rai-es tho hope that the ritrht or.e will be found at last. Thcie i.s eo:..»K).i:rab;e Mckne.-s i:i the neigh bourhood. Dr. Hani-on. of Mount iSarker, i.- hore weekly vaccinating. The Fpeeircatio:;- for the new schoolroom at Bull's Creek have l-een prepared. STP.ATHALBYX, October Lu The anniversary sermons of tho Primitive Methodist Sunday-School were preached by the Rev. J. G. Wright to large congregations. In the afternoon the children recited pieces and sung hymns very creditably. On Monday after noon school atid public teas were well attended, and at night the llev. J. G. Wright presided, when addresses were given, pieces -sung, and a collection made. Total proceeds, £]3 Gs. At Mr. Close's lnrge sale of stock in the Terminus Hotel Vru-d:-. mo«t of the farmer* in the neighbourhood were present. GOOLW'A, October VX~ On Tuesday evening the annual mooting of the Branch Uible Society was hold iu the Court House ; Mr. G . Eaton presiding. Tub Secretary's report showed that Bibles to the value of £10 7s. lid., had been sold. Tho free donation to the Parent Society was not so large as last year, principally owing to depressed times and tho want of collectors. The total amount added to the collections was about £1 1 1 2s. od. Addresses were given by the Revs. J. G. Wright and H. Fenton, the deputation. Tho officers appointed were President, Mr. T. Jones; Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. T. Goodc, jun. ; Committee, Messrs. II. Parkinson, G. Katoi:, T. Goode, W. Barber, A. Grnham, M. Uichnrds, W. Mvans, T. It. Stunner, W. Rogers, and resident minister-. ? - ?♦ ? l'OKT ELLIOT. October IS. The animal meeting of the Local Branch Bible Society w:i» Lt-!d on Monday evening in the District Schoolroom: Dr. Campbell, of Adelaide, presiding. The llcv. .1. Hotham read portion Psalm cix., and the llov. II. Foutou i deputation from Adelaide) offered prayer. The Chairman gave an interesting address on the nature and extent of tho Society's opera tions. Mr. liothfiin, the Secretary, reported that 10 copie- of Scriptures had been sold at tho branch depot. a:i-- donations wovo about £o. He then referred to the groat benefits' likely to arise from Bible- revision now being ciuriod on, and hoped that the roeewtiou of the work, when completed, would be peueral. Mr. Kenton entered fully into the Society's objects, and detailed iiiU-rcsting particulars' connected with its operations i:i various parts of the work?, particularly mentioning recent events in Spain, and urging that the poople of this hitherto prie.-tTiduen country had generally received the Bible with avidity. After the coi iiH'iiuu tho following were elected: — Treasurer, Mr. A. Bowman; Secretary, Mr. II. C. Searfe: Committee, Kev. .1. Hotham, Messrs. J. Adams, l-. Culdimr, I1.. Welch. :.nd W. Trenemnn. TOUT WAKKFIKLD, October JO. The Stipendary Magistrate and Justices were hni.-y on Court -day, and three gentlemen of the lorn; robe pnicti-iiig their profession. .Some cases caused much nmus-ement, and as there was not much doing outside the Court was well attended. I )urinjr the proceedings ;t. professional from Kapumla nssurcnl tho visitors lh.\t if they .ould not keep from ha-ha-Laincr, he would re .jr.est the Bench to have tho Court cloared. Coinphu'nts are limde of people bathing at tho Point. The place i.- certainly a nice ono, but is opposite a dwelling, and many havo been thus tn'oventcd from visiting this cottage during the summer. The least tnon can do is to havo certain hours for bathing thoro, say before -i#[i0 a.m. and after C'oO p.m. Possibly if a limit is ].-?: taken the police way interfere. AUBUP.N, October ]!'. Tiic auiiivcr.-ary sormous of tho Bible Christian Sunday-School were j-reachcd by the Kevs. A. Stubbs (Wesleyan), Trewin, aud Lake. At a public meeting on Monday addresses wore delivered by tho Revs. Lake and lrewin, Messrs. Waltors and Taylor, Tea for the public and children was previously provided. Procoods, ilu. At a public lecture by the llev. .1. M. Day, of K.'ipiniila, in the Town Hall on Monday, in con l.ection with the Mutual Improvement Society — -ubjcot, 'The true story of ghosts that I have .-ten''- -there was a good attendance. The ?ridieiit'e testified appreciation by frequently applauding. Yocnl aiiiRiug added to tho eujoy went. The proceeds were about £\\) 10.s. The branch of tho Evangelical Alliance held .( meeting at the Bible Christian Cliapel on Tties ? lay. when addresses by Messrs. A. Gray, Castinc, Walters, and Oldhnm wore delivered on tbe oh?en-ance of the Sabbath. The Rev. J. Lyall, who is travelling to recruit his health, 'wat oxpectvd to preside, but was through iiidisposi tlon prevented, and Mr. J. !l. Adynww occupied the chair. The road to Saddlewortii demr.Ti.is the atten tion of Parliament. Notwith-t,'uj'linir petitions, \c, it is almost impai-iable, and the iuuabitaiUs have to forward and receive t.hoir goods via Tarloe. Thus _ tho Govemment. in-tead of feeding the railway, compel pjoj-le to employ carriers, who arc obliged to -j,o Is iu lieu of V- mile?. MORPHETT VALE. October 21. The anniversary of the Baptist Sunday -School took place to-day. The scholars assembled at the chapel at 10 a.m., and were convoyed in wagons and carts to Port Onkaparinga beach, where refreshments were served to them and numerous parents and friends in the store by Mr. J. Clark, J.P. A cricket match, previously ar- ranged between these juveniles and those of the Horseshoe, resulted in favour of the latter. Boating on the river, and other amusements were greatly enjoyed. At 4 o'clock all reas- sembled, and after singing a hymn, the Rev. D. Badger gave a suitable address, concluding with prayer, when the conveyances were refilled and returned. Much satisfaction has been expressed at the appointment of Mr. C. H. Myles as a J.P., owing to the distances other Justices reside from the township. Another old colonist, Mr. Joseph Pike, died very suddenly. He was standing looking at the return of the scholars last night quite well. Complained about 9 o'clock of pain in his breast., and died at 1 a.m. of old age, having attained fourscore years. 