T1IE PARIAKA MEETING.— THE AEE1VAL OF TITOKOWARU. On the morning of the 21st heptember, intelli gence was brought to Pariaka that Titokowaru irai close at hand ; and the natives at that village left for tho purpose of welcoming him in their usual atrle. Each had a branch of some trefi in his hand, leads,' at the tame time, uttering a cry »f welcome. is Titokowaru and his followers drew near it was iound that they were eighty men and six women. The men are described as being very powerful, and sere dressed in the usual bush costume— a pluid ihawl fastened round their hips, and shirts over lieir bodies ; and in the head of each were white feathers. Titokowaru, with his one eye and horrid looking countenance, was superbly dressed for a Maori chief. lie wore a mat made of tery fine native flax, the fringe of which was composed of green and white feathers. On his head he had a cap formed from the plumage of cme black bird, and in the centre, standing up in front of the peak, was a scarlet feather. Beneath He mat might be seen a plaid shawl, which was tied round his hips and which reached below his knees : he also had a new plaid Crimean shirt. On Titokowaru coming within speaking distance, much wu said both by Mr. Parris and the rebel that it would be impossible to put on paper. Accusations irere made on one side, to be repudiated by the other, and vice versa. The civil commissioner called on his natives not to look upon the man who lad defiled himself. Titokowaru abused .Mr. Parris in return, and so Wednesday passed. Titokowaru ires then invited into the village, but, before altering, when about a hundred yards off, they all discharged their firearms, and came forward with their guns unloaded. On the Thurs day. Titokowaru expressed a wiBh to hear what all tie talk had been about. He said he had been a long time dead. Mr. Parris then stuck up tho (ticks and explained the whole that had been done, tnd Te Whili came from his platform and again put He sticks under his feet.— Ngairo, of Wairarepa, Bid he was in favour of the King.— Tepini eaid that Parris had spoken what was perfectly true. The Europeans had sent missionaries to them first, and they had directed them to look up to heaven. Afterwards the Queen had come, and whilst they irere looking to heaven the Europeans looked upon the soil. Those were the wicked things that arrived with the Queen (continued he, holding up a gun) ; those wore tho teeth which the Queen sent amongst them to bite them. — Mr. Parris said he had nothing to say whatever about tho miEEionarios : that was an old story. When the Government came to the country it brought a good many things with it no doubt, both good and evil, for Satan always followed the works of God to try mi destroy what he did. Nothing was perfect in the world whilest Satan was striving all he could against God's w,orks.— Titokowaru said to Te Whiti, after he had put his feet on the sticks ; I have heard what you have said. If those (meaning the King and Government) are to be no more, rto is ? who is the person ?— Te Whiti : His I. I am the only penon.— Titokowaru : By whom were you begot?— Te Whiti parried the question, although asked it many times. At last luokowaru eaid : Who is there behind you ?— Te Whiti . There is one Father, one Son, and one Holy Ghost; altogether there are three, yeB, they are three, yet are but one, and that is 1.— After some more bantering between these two chiefs, Mr. Parris ptup and said there was only one way of settling the thing— that was by allowing the leading men of the country to meet the Governer and to talk the natter over, and try to bring abont a better state of things.— Te Whiti was somewhat excited at this, because the natives seemed to agree with Ihe civil commissioner's remarks, and some tf Titokowaru's people cried out. 'Barns ii right.'— Te Whiti said : I see and hear. Ton all approve of what Parris has said ; even Tito towara's people are with him. Go every one of you with him, and fulfil pour heart's desire— kill and eat each other, rob, get drunk, commit adultry, Bell Und, make roads — do everything the wicked are intended for— but don't look back on me afterwards. -Mr. Parris said : The task must be gone on with. The roads must be made, and (stretching out his land to Whiti) give me my children that I may go and do it.— Te Whiti made no reply, but endea voured to laugh it off.— Titokowaru, coming into the centre with a bright, double-barrelled gun in his hand, said : I have come to Pariaka, I now return to Ngatimaru. I shall turn my back upon Tauma tamahoe and Tawhana [meaning the whole of the Ngatimaniapote.] Tawhana's work is his, and I have nothing to do with it. My eyes turn to Kgaire, and to the sea. My mind night and day is only thinking of Ngaire.- 1 will never strike another How unless I am attacked. If my feca is scratched I shall retaliate. Oh, aU ye people assembled, I now bid you farewell. I go to my camp for the night, and in the morning leave on my homeward journey. —Several asked him to stop, and asked him if he *aa angry by his leaving soquickly. He said : No, tut what is there in the talk ? I have heard what y«u said, but I don't see the end. It is useless. You call the people from the right and from the left— you say nothing — no .more — Titokowaru then rose, and he and his followers left in a body. .Thus ended the Pariaka meeting, over ?which -much excitement has been occasioned all over the colony. The race for the ohampionship of the colony, betwcsi W. Hickey, the present holder of the belt, and II. Rush, of Clarence River, is already absorbing a large amount of attention; but there is yet nothing particularly noteworthy ? in the betting market. The second . deposit, making L50 a side down, was made on Satur day last, at Punch's Hotel, and the stakes are to be nude up in three ether deposits of LS0 each. The date «f the race is fixed for the 19th November. James Caudliah will shortly arrive from the Clarence River to tain Rush, andfit is currently reported that Hickey has secured thej services of hu old opponent, Green. fiuih has had an outrigger built by Donnelly, and she ia highly spoken of. Hickey purposes also getting one built, we believe, by the same tradesman. I The four Sydney crews preparing for the Balmain Hgatta-viz., two Rowing Club crews, Mr. Garran's -w», and Mr. BUxland's crew— are paving every atten ™n to their practice, and are so equally balanced in I tit opinion of the cognoscenti, that it is at preient I difficult to say which is the favourite. Some of the I Ken have been for so long a time doing heavy work, that I « u feared they will be stale before the event comes I {'? The crew to represent Hobart Town will arrive I wre about Friday, 15th instant, by the steamer City of I Hobart. I An American farmer named Lawrence, says that he I {allies a thud more corn and sugar with a third less I »«rar than any of his neighbours, because he stirs his I 'elds eighteen incheB deep with a steam-plough. I Worge Waring says he harrows bi» com across the I Kws each way, with a harrow which has 120 smil I reel teeth Bloping backward. It kills the weeds and I tarta the corn but a little. He can go over eighteen I wainaday. 