Dramatic and Musical Review. " Justices always whirls In equal measure."-LOVE'S LABOUU LOST. ? FOR weeks and weeks we are often left to tbe dreary dullness of unvisited theatres. Nothing good is sup- ported on account of the " badness of the tunes"-a cry raised by people who find that they can't niako a fortune in a year or two. But yet, the note of gather- ing multitudes is sounded, the bad times vanish as by magic, and every one prepares to make holiday in tho most extravagant manner possible. Fashion leads tho way, her votaries follow ; where she points may be | found her supporters ; woo to the unlucky seeker after fortune's favours if ho woo not first this gaudy mis tress. Both theatres announce the choicest attractions for tho multitude. Special entertainments of negro minstrelsy at tho School of Arts ; tho Circus is enlarged to nearly double its lato ciroumforenco, and concerts innumerable-tho Sydney Choral Society opens the potpourri, with Haydn's oratorio of " Tho Creation," at tho Masonic Hall on tho very first night of tho great show, then, grand oratorio, monster concerts, ia the building itself ; fancy ball, Masonic ball, and other entertainments of a similar character. There will be all sorts of pastime for all sorts of people ; so, if these do not afford amuse- ment enough, and do hot botokou-from the signs already gi von-that tho times aro not so bad as they seem, then wo don't deserve any improvement. In tho meantime I must lcavo speculations on the visitors to come, and concern myself with tho talented guests who aro still with us, but so shortly to leave us for months, before they return to bid us a final faro well. Tho end of last week witnessed tho debut in Sydney of Mrs. Charles Mathews, and however perfect tho repre- sentations of Mr. Mathews may havo been to bo gen- erally attractive to those who oan afford to support theatrical entertainments, but who prefor to study oithor tho fashion which entices them to tho theatro on special occasions, or the luxurious ease which keeps them away at othor times- certainly tho moro fascinating feminine allurements of tho lady havo not been without their iufiuenco on thc attendance at the theatre Mr. Mathews, liko Timotheus of old, having for somo weeks had tho field to himself hy appearing, in pieces adapted to his own poculiar characteristics, has had to yield tho prize, or, at all events to divido the crown of success ; and for the past se'nnight Mrs. Mathews has appeared in hor special lino of characters. Excepting in tho comedy of "A Lesson in Love," (produCcd on Wednesday and Thursday), in neither of tue pieces in which the two artists have appeared together-"Thc Comical Countess," "Blaok Sheep," or "The Golden Fleece," has Mr. Mathews had a part to sustain at all commensurate with his genius as an aotor; and it is genius only which knows how to givo finish so unexampled to char- acters like tho Chevalier do Vilbrac in tho first pieco, Stewart Eouth in tho drama founded on Edmund Yatoa's sensational novel (and produced, I presume, to exhibit the melodramatio powers of Mrs. Mathews), or tho almost stationary character of "The Chorus" (the Orpheus of the tragedy), in Planohô's ¡extravaganza. In tho first pieoo, Mr. Brough, the author, has, for tho sake of a good situation, trifled slightly with consistency j tho part of the Countess is not assumed, and though tho language I and pronunciation of foroign namos are rather too pure , and refined for a parvenue, tho occasional slips I of tho tongue betraying tho origí», aro very natu I ral, but the Chevalier, assuming tho part of a I valet, should have been particularly on his guard, and not have been made to commit tho unpardonable act of sittiug down to table with so high and mighty a lady and yet without this the scene would have lost its point. Mrs. Mathews is certainly a finished aotross of the modern school. There is a remarkable elegance in her stage movoments to which her magnificent figure (expensively displayed,) and appropriate attire lond additional graco and charm. Her mobility of feature, too, is _ extraordinary, varying in overy shade of expression with overy idea or fooling represented in tho words uttored. If anything, there is a slight appear- ance of affectation in tho constant working of overy nerve in tho face. But for power of suddenly start- ling the audienco from laughter to sympathy, from soft pity to the heartiest merriment, wo have seldom had here so finished an actress. How truly pathetic, yot comic, is her farewell to her children before using the birch ; her rush at old Chorus when calling on the spirit of revengo, and declaiming hor plans, she yells at him "If you interfere, I'll tear your eyes out," was enough to frighten the lifo out of him, poor ill-used being. But tho final curso on Jason, to tho tune of " Tho Railway Galop," faster and faster, her waving hoad and hands " keeping timo, time, timo, in a sort of Runic rhyme," is really an extraordinary effort. Of course the part of Chorus was "made" for Mr. Matthews, and ho makes all ho possibly can of tho 1 ar\ with his constant explanations and interruptions, his volubly spoken patter-songs, the assumed'forgetfulnef s of that important chorus, " Tooral-looral la," and his make-up-a compromise between a walking gentleman, a professor of tho university, and a classic Grook shep- herd. Nor was Charles Young, in tho two small char- acters of King .dîtes of Colchis in tho first part, and King Creon of Corinth in the second, a whit loss amusing or successful. Mrs. West made a real tart old shrew of nurse Sukey-Grcokified Psuche-and blustered in clever vernacular. Tho piece is truly a parody, representing the real facts of thc great Greek tragedy of Medea, from a comical point of view ; but thore is no attempt to dis- tort them by the insertion of irrelevant burlesque mattel'. Tho language has wit and humour in every lino, without being dependent for a passing momentary bit of fun on tho usual companions of modern bur- lesques or extravaganzas, breakdowns, nigger min- strelsy, and similar stage-business. But a little more artistic elegance might have been given to the scene of tho departure of tho Golden Fleeeo from Colchis, and to the final sceno of Medea's prediction. Tho value of Mr. Bartlett's engagement here has boon tested by his remarkably clover mode (aB Charley Beeswing) of tamiug in twenty minutes that irrasoible old Indian tiger, Mr. Hasker, as Chili Chutnee. Noxt week, Mr. Bartlett will, I infer, play a round of non farcical leading characters. For to-night, (Friday) you may anticipate a more than ordinary enjoyment : the first benefit of Mrs. Mathews in tho colonies will be celebrated by the .production of scenes from the finest comedies, in which she will appear, in conjunction with her husband, Mr. Hoskins and Mr. Bartlett, to wit, "The School foi Scandal," "London Assurance^" the farce of "Who killed Cook Robin," (formerly given hero by Mr. Hall and Miss Wiseman, I believe,) and tho second part oi "Medea." Tho Bandraanns aro playing very successfully ai Adelaide, and will, on terminating there, como on tc Sydney, remaining at tho Prince of Wales possibly til] the roturn of tho opera company. Some wonderful scenic wall-pictures-really beauti- fully executed, of tho kind-representing horses, mon- keys, dogs, acrobats, danseuses, doing all sorts of things possible and impossible, are supposed to toll us of what thé performances of " The Gregorys" aro to consist when they appear at tho Victoria Theatre, on their arrival by tho noxt San Franoisco mail. It may be some sort of satisfaction to those concerned in visits to tho theatre, that the agent whc*is here for Mr. Coppin is Mr. W. Pitt, known in tho scientifio world as having first introduced to us Professor Popper's lime- light " Ghost" illusions. From "Jim Crow" Rice who-as far as my recollec- tion serves-first introduced nigger-life and minstrelsy, with all its woes and all its simple humour into thc British world, to the first "Ethiopian Serenadors" Pell, White, Harrington, Stanford, Germon, and Collins, to Boz's "Juba," then to the great Christy Minstrels, and their numerous branches, to tho Backus Minstrels, to tho first Christy troupo here-Stewart, Molvyn, Nish (au accomplished musician), Ramford, Steele, Brown, and Norton, down to tho troupes of thc Ïirosent day, and tho introduction of scenes and bur esquos-what changes, and how deteriorated ! Yot the taste has not declined with the quality ; or, how j do you account for "the crowds that wore at tho School of Arts on Saturday, the opening night (and since) oi tho present company ? Thero is some very good con- certed and solo singing-and the usual amount of comic eccentricities ; but pray avoid the fomalo part of thc performance. Hen- Carl Schmitt has been very zealously practising with his musical forces, and wo may expect a ver} efficient performance of "The Creation", by tho Chora Society, on Tuesday evening. BIRON. 