Jottings by a Tattler. No. VII. TiiJEE «? good in everything, ftven vanny, llioiigL :i somewhat objectionable weakness, and one that blemishes, the characters of many public uicii, ha* occasionally produced very satisfactory remits. H isstory informs us that the late Laclila.ii Wficquarie, some lime Governor of New South VwiIck, was e.\ceeflinly vain— so vain, indeed, that lie built churches, and gaols, and store-houses, and barracks ail over the colony, simply for the iHMiio.sc of handing his distinguished, name down to posterity. J'ootcrttyaoes not regard tuat name ( | 'lite so respectfully as the worthy Governor imagined it would. Posterity is, in fact, rather inclined to ridicule Mr.Lachlan Macquarie for the avidity with which lie seized upon every oppor tunity that presented itself of placing his mark upon everj' public work. Posterity says that Mr. Laciilan Maoquarie was foolishly vain ; and I think posterity is right. But what of that? Posterity reaps tke benefit of tins vanity, for if the fame-loving Governor hadn't been so desirous of seeing his cognomen sprawling over cemented faeades, posterity would have fewer public buildings to boast of in this part of the world. tSo you see tliat good came of the Governor's culpable weakness. He built our hospitals and barracks, gave shelter to the sick, employment to the industrious, and enjoyment to the citizens generally. It was a good sort of thing, and conferred solid and enduring benefits upon the community. Our city is being adorned with new and expensive buildings; parks are laid out re gardless of expense ; handsome gateways and rich, palisadings ornament those parks ; sewers are constructed in every direction ; markets, exhibitions, town halls, rise up among us as if by magic; and the number of drinking fountains scattered about out streets ?would almost lead one to suppose that our alder men were teetotallers or hydronathists, and smitten with the notion that cold water is a sovereign remedy for all mortal ills. To what virtue or noble attribute of aldermanic nature are tlie citizens indebted for these magnificent boons? To what sudden, awakening of public spirit are all these great improvements to be ascribed? I don't think these questions can be easily answered. These things are not the gifts of any virtue or any public spirit. They come from much the same source as those brick-aud-inortar offerings which Governor Mac-iuarie laid before Ijosterity. 'Tis pleasant sure to see one's name figuring in gold letters upon pillars, and lintels, Said archways ; and two may tbank mend Vanity for most of the public works which are rising up so thickly around us. His Excellency the Governor, who seems to have a great taste for travelling about the colony under his. control, has just returned from a visit to the Western districts, where he, no doubt, enjoyed himself amazingly amongthe mountains. I don't envy his Excellency. Bumping about among the hills is at any time a somewhat wearisome amusement, but a journey through the Western districts in the winter season, when floods prevail, and winds are bleak, and cold intense, and every other discomfort augmented tenfold, would be. to my fancy, one of the most cruel and inhuman modes of torture that could J-e devised. I Lope, — I do hope his Excellency enjoyed himself. _ The colony of Victoria is full of queer institu tions ; and not the least remarkable among them is the lately-founded 'Old Colonists' Associa tion.' When this association was first established, its objects were supposed to be of a convivial nature ; but it has recently disclosed charitable tendencies of a most praiseworthy and refreshing character. This noble association purposes erecting alms-nouses, and otherwise providing for the earthly -wants ot old colonists. Elderly gentlemen who have lived in Australia from their boyhood, and wasted the manyopportunities of personal enrichment which such a residence afforded, are to be rescued from the grasp of poverty, and nude comfortable by this associa tion. Old colonists being invariably poor, feeble, aud helpless, are to be comforted and sustained hy the young colonists— are to have cozy apart ments in the above-mentioned alms-houses, and are to be regaled with beer and tobacco by their grateful and admiring juniors. This association is one of the finest things of the kind that ever came under my observation. It so com pletely recognises the claims of old colonists, and 60 delicately ministers to their necessities. But ft strikes me that old colonists are not the most needy colonists thjfcare to be found in Victoria, On the contrary, old colonists and their descend ants are among the wealthiest inhabitants of this country. What can the founder of this old colonists association have been thinking of when he mooted that almshouse idea? I am quite sure, the said founder, who is not only an old colonist, but 'an extremely knowing old soldier, -will never require any almshouse accom modation. I don't know of any old colonists who do. Besides there are very few old colonists remaining in these days, and the race will be extinct in a few more years. We, who toast Australia as the 'Land we live in,' are no longer colonists, but citizens of a young nation ; and in old age we shall repudiate the 'old colonist' designation. Who wUl tenant Mr. Gqppin's alms liouses then ? They will be empty and desolate, and probably haunted by the ghosts of such poor samples of the old colonist as might in these days be found to live in them. There is not more difference between the grub and the butterfly than between a candidate for Parliamentary honours and a full blown if.L.A. . The candidate expresses decided opinions upon points of policy, is the' champion of .pro gress, freedom, or what the people please, and announces his intention of saying the country at all risks from the ruinous effects of — well, let us say, for the sake of illus tratioii, ad valorem duties. The candidate is loud voiced, patriotic, vigorous, even wrathful But when lie has shaken off his worm-like casing, emerged from his embryo condition, and fluttered into the legislative regions, what a milk-sop he becomes ! If he does not lose his voice entirely (a phenomenon by no means rare), he subdues it until the tones of patriotism are completely lost. He is the meekest of men ; he is not at all wrath ful ; lie expresses no opinions that are likely to , give.ofl'enceto his good friends upon the Treasury, benches ; and he has abandoned all intention of saving the country from the ruinous effects of the ad valorem duties until such time as his aforesaid good friends think such salvation requisite. In the tiydwy Aforning Herald of Monday last appeared some fifty samples of what candidates promised their constituents; and it is a curious aud in structive fact, that not one promise out of the fifty has ever been-redeemed. Mr. W. B. Dalley has been placed among the ' potent, grave, and reverend seignors ' of the Upper House, and has been made 'honorable.' 3 wonder how he likes the position, and whether it will agree with him? The meteoric and migratory Dean appears to be a man of mystery. He also, judging from the play of fancy evinced in some ot his narratives personal and otherwise, appears to be a man o! imagination. I have no hesitation in adding that he is decidedly a man of humour. His whole career apnears to have been one long aud continuous series of practical jokes ; and he has been throughout life so enveloped and enshrouded in mystery that he actually cannot say with cer tainty who he is. He is a striking ijlustration of the impossibility of following the injunction of the Greek' poet, 'Know thyself.' Mr. Horace Dean can't know himself. He has been for many years trying to fix his own identity, and ?d»es not seem to have succeeded yet. Sometimes . lis name is Dean; sometimes Williams, some times Haskell. His bosom friends forget him, and when requested to. identify him say that he is somebody else. He don't know to what country he belongs, and if a war were to take place between England and America would have to fight with himself or occupy a position, of strict neutrality. This is really an awful pre dicament. The Victorian police, desirous of emulating the good example of their compeers on tins side of the border, have succeeded in catching one of their bushrangers— one Power, who has lived a free life among the Victorian squatters and gold miuers for. the past two years. I congratulate the Victorian police, who had the good fortune to take Power -without risking life or reputation in. the exploit. The muscular desperado, fatigued with the labours of the day, was calmly reposing in his gunyah, dreaming perhaps of some deed of daring, or some brilliant stratagem, when the hand of Justice grasped him by the throat. He was taken hrs dt mmhal, and without a struggle. This is a very satisfactory mode of catching rob bers ; though the great difficulty which, in the case of the weasel has jitissed into a proverb, arises in this case also. One can't find robbers asleep very often, and in this colony especially Justice has been obliged to face them broad awake and fighting desperately for life and free dom. I hope that a whacking reward was offered for Power's capture, and that the lucky troopers will be enriched for their energy and pluck in— catching a bushranger asleep. 