DEATH OF MR. RICHARD TATTERSALL. Racing men of all ranks will regret to hear that Mr. Richard Tattersall died May 3, at his residence, Beaufort-Gardens, Brompton. He had been ailing for a long time, but it was not until about two months since that any serious misgivings were entertained by bis friends. Mr. Richard Tattersall (who was the senior partner of the Albert- gate firm, and great grandson of "Old Tat," the founder of the world-renowned concern), had, says the Sporting Life, taken the most prominent share of the public busi ness of the firm for some time before his father's death, in the summer of '58. Tae old man had been failing for a few years, and forgot even quit? familiar faces when he met them in the yard at Hyde-park-comer. His son was, like him, very much of the old school in his ways—not so demonstrative and salient in the sale pulpit, bat endowed with a certain grim quiet humor, which had not a spice of ill-nature in it Ton never saw him thrown off his guard. His neat chaff and re torts when things were going well at the year ling Bales at Hampton. Court and elsewhere were very pleasant to hear, but when ha dropped on to his old schoolfellow and intimate friend, Mr. H. Hill (who was always ready with his answer), about Trumpeter or Ackworth, it was as good as a scene out of " Box and Cox." He enjoyed a race in his own way not a little, though he did not care to run horses, and he was always to be seen in the betting-rooms at races in the evening, but not dallying much with the odds. The way in which he incited Mr. Merry to make rhymes about his Derby chance the night he gave 900 guineas for the yearling Zambezi was a very amusing Doncaster Rooms bit. At home he seldom missed a quiet game of billiards of an afternoon, and the sea-side, Paris, and Baden- Baden saw a good deal of him during the sum mer. He began early as vice to his father's annual Derby dinner on the Monday before that race, and when the old man retired he carried on the custom as long as he felt his haalth equal to it. Theie was no pleasanter host, and when a public dinner, with Admiral Roui in the chair, was given to him and his cousin Edmund on their removal to Albert Gate no part of his upeech was more enjoyed than his allusion to the old lease of " the Corner" as of " hundred years, bar one." In 1851 he first showed symptoms of breaking down, and had some fits during a Continen tal tour. His father started off to bring him home, and for some months he was a complete invalid, and wag wheeled about in a Bath chair up and down Sloane-street, looking the mere ghost of himself. He rallied, however, in a wonderful way. but still his father could never persuade himself that his son would not outlive him. His health began to break again about 1866, and his friends sadly feared that, as the late Professor Wilson mournfully said of himself, he " wouM die from tho top." He suddenly lost confidence wheu he got up (o sell, ami liked to have his cousin close at hand. They hardly thought that he would have got through his Doncaster work in ISOG, the first you- that a sale-field was used, but lie warmed up with the occasion, and presided id his good old style at one of the two rings which the firm was obliged to adopt that autumn. We believe that he never sold a lot after that week, but he would still drive his phaeton down to Hampton Court or Middle-park, enjoy the bid dings from that more comfortable coign of van tage, and have a chat with a troop of old friends. During the summer of hist year he took a trip to Scotland, and thought he caught a chill, and siuce then, with the exception of for one or two carriage drives, he had not left the house. The ultimate cause of his death was Brjght's disease. lie was in his 57th year, and leaves a widow, but bo children. Mr. Richard Tattersall having about three years ago retired from active participation in the business, Mr. Edmund Tattersall took Mr. T. Pain into partnership, and these gentlemen will carry on the firm.— Times. 