EJECTED BY A GHOST. I had taken my chambers in Gray's Inn Square, and was inclined to like them. They were on the second floor, and consisted of three rooms. The door on the landing opened to a narrow passage at the end of which, on the right, was the door of the sitting room, the three windows of which looked on to a dingy green expanse, where stood a few tall gaunt London trees. In one corner of the sitting room was a door leading into the bedroom, which communicated with a dressing room. This dressing room had a door leading into the end of the passage, to the left of the main en- trance from the landing. Thus I could make the complete circuit of my premises-from the sitting room, through the bed and dressing rooms into the passage, and through the passage into the sitting room again. I am anxious to be understood on this point, as a realisation of the topography of the place is necessary for the comprehension of the incidents I have to relate. It was on a chill dark October evening that after dining at an accustomed eating-house, I wended my way to my new quarters. I shall never forget that evening there was a heavy clammy feeling in the air of the streets ; and as I turned into the dreary square the air seemed heavier and clammier. Having closed and locked the outer door, I returned down the passage into the sitting room. I congratulated myself on my possessions, and having poured myself out a cup of tea, and lighted my pipe, settled myself with a volume of Hallam in an arm-chair by the fire. I had been reading for some time, my attention had somewhat wandered to a vague sleepy considera- tion of matters not strictly relevant to consti- tutional history, when I became aware of a strange all pervading sensation of cold. The sensation was so sudden, so acute, that I arose from my chair shivering, in the expectation of finding one of the windows open. But no ; they were all closed and fastened. The bed- room door, as I have mentioned, was ajar, and thinking the draught might proceed from one of the inner rooms, I lighted a candle with the intention of looking through them. But the instant I entered the bedroom the candle went out ; not suddenly, as from a current of air, but quietly, instantaneously, as though it bad been introduced into an atmosphere of carbonic acid gas. My sensations appeared to me somewhat unaccountable, but attributing them to some draught, of which I could ascer- tain the cause in the morning, I closed the doors, and resumed my place by the fire. After a little while I fell again into my interrupted train of dreamy thought, and gradually fell asleep. I do not know how long I had slept, when I became conscious of my own being. I cannot say that I awakened ; for though all my mental faculties were struggling painfully into life, my vital action seemed suspended, and I was unable to move hand or foot. A cold perspiration burst from all my pores, as I made tremendous but vain efforts to shake off the incubus that was upon me. My feeling was not one of impotence-it was as though I had been frozen into a solid block of ice. I en- deavoured to call out ; I had no power over my voice, and could not utter a sound. But as I gasped and panted, there stole into my nostrils a deadly, terrible, overpowering stench, unmistak- able in its penetrating sickliness to me who had frequented hospitals. It was the dread odour of decomposing mortality that was suffo- cating me as I sat. I felt that I must break the spell or die. With one terrific exertion that strained every nerve and muscle, I burst from the chair and fell cowering on my knees before the fire. The lamp had gone out, a faint gleam from the fire afforded the only light in the room. I relighted the lamp, and having swallowed a glass of brandy, endeavoured to collect my thoughts. My first idea was that a dead body must be somewhere concealed in the room. The hideous odour still clung to my nostrils, and the absurdity of such a supposition did not strike me. I searched the room, but of course found nothing ; though, to my astonishment, the bed- room door, which I had carefully closed, was wide open. As I advanced towards it with the intention of shutting it again, my lamp was extinguished in the same unaccountable man- ner as before ; I locked it, however, securely, and again struck a light. I lighted my pipe, in the hope of neutralising the terrible stench that still pervaded the room. Lean- ing on the mantelpiece, I actually smiled at beholding my own pale scared looking face in the mirror. As I looked, suddenly every pulse in my body stood still. I beheld the re- flection of the bedroom door, which gradually, noiselessly, opened of itself. I tried to command myself, and turned round towards the door. The same intense thrill of cold, but not a soul was there. I considered for an instant, and cross examined myself as to my own condition. It was evident that my nerves were unstrung, and I decided, as I saw reflected in the looking glass my own ghastly looking face, that I was not in a condition to investigate the matter any farther for that night. A dread was upon me that I could not shake off ; so hastily putting on my great-coat and hat, I hurried out of the room, through the passage, found myself on the landing with a sigh of relief, and locking the outer door walked to the rooms of a friend who lived in the neighbourhood. S----, who was reading for the Indian Civil Service, was glad to see me, and offered me a shake down for the night. I informed him at once of the cause of my ignominious flight from my own rooms. My experiences had been too unmistakably real for me to dread ridicule in the relation of them. So, confessing unre- servedly that I had been almost frightened out of my wits, I sat patiently enough as he endeavoured to prove satisfactorily that my sen- sations were entirely due to nerves or indiges- tion. Before retiring to rest, however, we agreed to spend the following night together in my chambers. In the morning we each went to our respective duties, with an arrangement to meet at dinner in the evening. I did not call at Gray's Inn Square during the day ; and, what with attending to lectures and reading tough law, had not only overcome any idea of supernatural agency in the events of the pre- ceding night, but, as the evening drew near, en- tirely ceased to think of the matter. It was about eight o'clock as we entered the rooms together. The fire was burning brightly, the lamp was lighted, and the tea things were set out on the table. I sat in the arm chair, with my back to the bed-room door, as on the previous night ; S----was seated opposite to me, consequently facing the door, which I had closed, locked, and bolted, on completing our tour of inspection, S-----, who was in high spirits, joking at me the while I remembered, however, the uncomfortable tendency it had to open on its own account, and determined that it should be as securely fastened as a good lock and bolt would admit of. We were both fair chess-players, about equally matched. Two hours, perhaps, had elapsed, when the interest of the game culminated, and we were considering it with an intentness known only to chess-players. The move was with me. Knowing it to be a critical one, I was consider- ing it at length, in all its aspects, my decision was just formed, and I was on the point of moving a piece, when gradually, surely, I be- came aware of the same extraordinary sensation of cold as on the night before, just as if the surrounding atmosphere were becoming iced into solidity. I felt that the bedroom door behind me was opening. I looked up with the intention of calling S-----'s attention to the phenomenon, but my movement was unneces- sary , he was equally conscious of it with my self. He had risen from his chair, and I can never forget the expression of his face, which was livid and distorted. His eyes were wide open, and turned full on the door that was behind my chair. All his features were convulsed, and his appearance, as he bent forward, as if in an intensity of horrified expectation, was perfectly terrific. I actu- ally saw his hair lift from his head, and the great beads of perspiration burst from his fore- head. He took not the slightest notice of my movement, but slowlv raised one hand, as if pointing to something in a room behind me , then suddenly, and without giving me a mo- ment's warning, with one loud yell of agonised terror, he dashed to the door leading into the passage, and through the passage, and out of the main door, which slammed heavily behind him. I hurried after him into the passage. Then I remembered that the outer door closed with a spring lock, and that the key was in the pocket of my greatcoat, which was hung up in the bed- room. We had inadvertently left the door open on coming in, and thus S-----had been enabled to escape. It would be impossible for me to describe my feelings at finding myself alone in the passage. How long it was before I mus- tered up sufficient presence of mind for reflection I cannot tell, but at last I realised to myself the fact that to leave my chambers it was necessary to get the key. With a desperate courage I returned to the sitting room. The lamp was extinguished ; the fire was burning with a sickly glare. With closed eyes I advanced into the bedroom. I quickly felt my way to the peg on which my coat was hanging, when something happened that caused my very heart to stand still, and my blood to freeze. I heard a movement in the passage-a strange, heavy shuffling noise, as of a body dragging itself along the floor. An impulse seized me, unaccountable as all the other events of that memorable night. I felt impelled to follow the thing that was painfully, slowly dragging itself down the passage. I stepped through the dressing room, and as I moved, I heard it move on before me, keeping at the same relative distance from me. I quickened my pace, I ran, but still I could not overtake that which I heard dragging itself along. After three or four headlong rushes from room to room, I stopped in the middle of the sitting room to recover breath. As I stood, a revulsion of feeling came over me. My eager- ness to confront and discover the cause of the sounds I still could hear gave way to horror. I felt my life and reason to depend on my escape. As I moved to the bedroom-door, it closed in my face. I frantically endeavoured to force the lock. The thing was dragging itself along the passage into the room in which I was. Again the nauseating stench of the night before rose into my nostrils, I rushed to the window with the intention of throwing it open and jumping into the space beneath, but it was too late. I turned my eyes downwards. It was close to me, and I beheld it. A man writhing on the floor, his features blue, bloated, and de- composed, the eyeballs turned up, yet bearing full upon me, dead and glassy, an impure phos- phorescent light emanating from the body itself. As I gazed, one discolored hand was raised to the throat, in which I perceived a hideous gash. It drew itself gradually closer to me. . . . I became insensible When I was discovered in the morning, my friends, who were tele- graphed for, removed me to the country, where, amongst cheerful scenes and people, I soon re- covered S----- died of brain fever within three days of the night on which he sat and watched with me. I have never cared to make any inquines as to the previous inmates of the chambers. It is true I have heard that the inmate of one set cut his throat under peculiarly horrible circum- stances, but I was never curious to identify the scene of the suicide's death with the chambers I occupied for so short a time ; indeed, nothing would induce me ever again to enter Gray's Inn Square. 