; ITEMS OE NEWS. , j;,i The Rev. Mr Moss, attended with pupils from the Deaf and Dumb Institution, meet to night at Ohewton. ; Last overiing there was a Inrgo meeting of the fririnds of Dr Mackny nt tlio Cumberland hotel, when, as will bo Been by advertisement, a com mittee was formed for tlie purpose of presenting him with a testimonial. of his worth aria longrtime citizen here. '"Wo have rriceived'from MrKain Meek whp-'is .rioWtOria.visit_to the town, tiVo litliograpbs.of 'a very superior kind,- . , One-ia ..." CUriston the Cross " and the otlier ari rillegorioril' troe; "'Tlie: Christian's Tree." Both should find a ready sale, as! workS pf hftrexoellrintIy . clesiRned atuljcarried out. " " '. : " " We are informedl'that raAriy or tyo ngo Bomo slaughtermen when rienr Guildford, arid eugagod iri driving Cattle, litid n , narrow escape' froiri being killed. Our informant/. ' states' that "two of /the' bullocks turned on their/drivers oudigored their horses ;tp such an extent that the injured .aniriiala cannot survive.. Their riders managed; to get off clear. , ,, , -> Tile cdhcert- "at the' Mechanios\/Newsterid; -on Thursday evening, was a, great success. < ..The hall' was filled to overflowing. Tlie instrumental band, especially Mr -Howson on the violin, who so to any, made, it speak, were warmly received. The Misses Howson's pianoforte duet took the house by storm. The " Happy Policeman,".by Miss Firman and Mr H. J. Howson, was very good, especially, the latter, .who, appearing, in police costume, caused a full burst of applause. Miss Howson, when encored, sang "Annie Laurie ".with such pathos that she had to appear, again and again. ' The Old Arm Chair'' was called for, but the lateness of the evening de-- prived us of the treat. On the whole, Mr and Miss Howson must feel satisfied at their recep- tion, and we hope soon to see them in Newstead again, when we expect Miss Howson will give us the " Old Arm Chair." The anniversary services -of the Pfosbyteriari Church- commence to-morrow with t.wo sermons by tli a, Rev. D. S. M-'Eachrari,. of St Andrews, Melbourne, and terminate on Tuesday with n soiree:at the Mechanics' Institute. Oil Monday evening the Primitive Methodists give a valedic tory' tea meeting -to, the /Rev.; G-'Hall, -in -the church nl Cam'pbeH'e Creek. In the Independen t Church, , Chewton, special services will be.pon- ducted' to-morrow by the, Rev. W..' Moss," "of Prahrari;-' to . be followed on tho/nsxt niglit'-by a. tea meeting. The Wesleyan Chapel at Muckle- foru also hold an anniversary to- morrow;' In the Mechanics' Institute' to-iaorrpw. evening. Mi- Leech 1 preaches on tho " Father, Soil and Holy Ghost," a subject which- is aptly ;chosen, as it is said that his, views., upqn.it are either misunder stood or misrepresented.' ".Tlie incomprehensible doctrine rif the Trinity has" been of lute years freely discussed, and an attempt to reconcile reason with faith, ought to demand the earnest attention of religionists. '- It maybe presumed thai Mr -Leecli will ' atteinpt such reconciliation:- A serious accident occurred yesterday, at the railway goods/ sheds, byy wliich considerable/delay , and loss will be occasioned.- Some few days ago, a large boiler,- Weighing - 0 toris l7 cwt,- arrived' here from- Melbourne, 'consigned to-Messrs Pack-J wood, Freeman and Co., for conveyance to the Duke of TimorCo.,Cliiriamari'8Flftt. For want of, appliances it was allowed to' remain on -the -truck for a day or two, but subsequently lowered to- /tlie' ground. Yesterday /all being, ready, Mr' Puokumod proceeded to. /load up., Tlio chain /of the orariewae atiached.and theliiige boiler raised some three feet from the, ground, when suddenly one.of. the. links gave way, . and snnpped . in two, the 'boiler' falling to the groundf; The force of the fall was so great that one1 of- thri plate's was forced in, and several; others so, much injured ns to require. closing /arid re-riveting before. being, removed. ' Aa the-' crane 'used is gririrrinteed to carry ten tons,- and the' only brie available by the local carriers, it 'is a question ns 'to who' will be responsible for the damages' sustained— the Go vernment for providing insufficient appliances, or tlie - carriers Messrs 'PaCkwood, ' Freeman arid Co. ' - V - <- Last evening a most interesting meeting took place 'in the hnllof the Mechanics' Institute, when tlio rinnual visitors from the Deaf 'and Dumb Institute of Melbourne made their ap pearance "there. ' Lieut.-Col Bull occupied the! clinir, and the Rev; Mr Moss, the lion. sec. of the institute, who lias always so zealously laboured, in the cause of . those afflicted as referred to ably advocated for tliem,, and to judge by the response to' the call for 'subscriptions, not by any means ineffectually. From his statements.., wo- gather that in Great Britaia tlie .number,, of. mutes is 1 in 1700; Switzerland, 1 in oOO. andin Victoria the calcula.tion.-Kwas Lin; 2000.-. The number of inmates in the -Institute- was :70t and for'tliese more accomiriodation was urgently required, -arid the .number , of .applications; for admission .made the necessity of'enlnrgirig the building still moro urgent. Tho. labours, of -Mr Rose, .'the school- . master, were tellingly -displayed by his mute pupils, who showed a wonderful - quickness in communication by sign, .and their handwriting is what schoolmasters would mark. as ".very good," and their readiness in making. arithmetical calcu lations was .warmly --npplauded.' ' We' trust that the good Samaritans in making their calls for -pecuniary aid will be generously met. ' 'Their ;causB deserves the sympathy of all who lay claiiri to the name of Christian's! - ' ' -/ ) / ; The Taradale Borough .Council held their usual meeting on Thursday evening, lest. Pre sent The Mayor, Ors Berry, Wilson, -Dunbar, Graydon, .and Jackson. .The minutes of, previous meeting arid .outward coriespondence/were/rend arid approved of, /and the' Town- Clerk brought up the iriwaad correspondence, which wari'dealt with as follows :-T-Ffbm j; M..Wntt,..ericibsiug-cheque forifilOjl.qs, moiety -due from I toll road:.fu'nd'for February. Received. -.From Borough Cou'noil of Si\ndhurat,'..refarring - to' colleotirig- of census. Received, and the Town Clerk to reply that the , Council will co-operatriiri tlie-'movement. From the/secretory of tlie Benevolent Asylum, Cris|lo- ! maine',- soliciting 'a dbrintidri/ arid' stating "that j there were at present' /three inmates from Tara dale. Received ; notice of motion tabled relntivo thereto. Froiri, Registrar-General's office, stating thai ihea(fricultural statistics must'be forwarded i by the'SIst inst. Received. ,|Fro'm the'National ' Short Hours League, / inviting , co-oporation of' Council iri giving effect to. the eigli t hours system. , Referred to. next meeting.' From Thoe. Hatinon ' and party, holders of mining claim, asking ex- 1 tension -of time, to work snme, in consequence of : the dry serison! - Gh-iinted.- From -M. Gibbs,! calling uttenlion to tlie -Bl'ate of the tveter ootirse! joining his property, with u view to its .being re-! paired. Defertedito next-meeting. Several nc- ' counts were passed for payment:" 'Notice 'of mri-| tibn- 'by1 Gr' Wilson':' To" m'q've tlmt'Ta' be'given; towards, the fnntjs of the Castlemairie Bene76lerit' Asylnmi ,/..,;// ! '/J '////'/.!'' A' very serious matter, injcqimeqtion with St, An- ' drow'e, Presbyterian Church, Bollarat (states the: Star), wo loss, than an'extbrisive arid' very clever sys-- torii of forgeries, came to light at the annual meeting! of the church/held last evening, and. caused quite a sonsation amongst the Rev., Mr Hendeison's .flook. The chairman of the mooting, Mr Johnston, Bta'ted during the proceedings that the Church Sinaion, in going over the voting-papers for the election' of tbo; committee of .management for. the ensuing year, had- discovered that the names attached to nearly half of tliem , were forgeries, and that in each caso. of forgery the names of candidates struck from tho paper were the same. He said ho had inquired into four oases, those of Mr and Mrs William Robertson, Mr and Mrs Hoaddy, Mr and Mrs Isaac Dean, and Mr Gntbiie, of the London Chartered Bank. In the four instances ho had found that the signatures were forged, but so well forged that persons intimate with tbe signatures had all pronounced them genuine. The matter he said had been referred to the Presby tery, and, doubtjess, no atone would be left unturned for tho detection of the forger. Easter Tuesday (April 19th) is the anniversary of the discovery of these slioree by Captain Cook, and it is suggested that steps should be taken to recognise the occasion. A man named- -Thomnn-M'Colli a miner.-says the Star, reeiding ucar Happy Valloy, attempted to/ coirimil suicide/ 6y; putting liis/tlilont dn; Wed nesday. He was evidently deranged. By this mail Dr Von Mueller has received from Sir. John Young, .through the Agent-general, ari'intimatibn thnt 'aTargc nnd valuable colleq- 'tibrirof.thq.seeds..of the principal forest trees of Canada have been forwarded, to the Gbyoinment botnhist with ri Viow to- their- being- plaiited in This /colony. - j ;;f/ /. ?/i' I Eight fires, nil supposed to havo been cnused by incondiarisni.nro reported in the:PolicoGnzqttb of this Week. OnircriSe is tlrnt of Mr'A/ Blttnd's Yarrnm .Ynrram Barkley, Flour and Saw Mills. , 'Albortoh; Which were -totally consumed on the 3rd instant,- tho value of the property -being about £1000.j : Apropos of meat-preserving, ;it. is interesting tb know that the agents of the /Melbourne, Meat! Preserving Company in' England complain' tliat tliey lirivo Bcarcely n tin on hand. Six shipments had been received .".daring thsyinqntli; four of which were sold at once, arid vahe tfro otherd were in course of being disposed of- when the mail left. This ea'gornsss thoroughly illustrates how tlib'Euglisli demand has survived the cessation o| operations by .the company for , two or thred months during the late drought. Fortunately for the company, a scries of large shipments will have been coining to htind in England tvithin: a week or so of last advices. - - - The efficacy tiie "ammoniacal injection is Being recognised in England. . Both The Timed and Pall/Mall pazelte baVe favourable notices of Professor Hrildford's euccesses in Victoria. A case js recorded in_ the Medical Times and "Gazetfe, of January Sj of profuse IitemorrhBge occurring in the fourth month of pregnancy, when nothing seemed able to restore tho heart's action. In despair, the doctor sent a distance of fire "miles for his/syringe, -the -patient remaining ail this time pulseless. Several injections werd made subcutaneonsly, with the most cheering re-j suit, .tlie pulse slowly, returning, arid recover following, not', however, without dnbsequont 'sores.1'' ' ; ' -i t..| j The cowardly method pf .-gratifying a spite ngnirist a persoirat the expense of his domestic animals appears to obtaina good deal up-country.' Ori: 'the 'night of the 13th rilt., rit'1 !TIireB-mile Creek, "Wangaratta, Benalla distri'ct,:q/irorse be longing to William Clark waa stabbed witli, 8qmb sharp instrument, probably one side of a pair of shears', arid similar offences Were perpetrated oii the night of tlie 25th' of-February and ,1st and 2nd of March, two horses being injured on tlie last) named date, one/ of Ibrim fatally. _Early on the 5th' instaht',-a' cow belorigirYg tri James'M'Namava was maliciously allot on", ,the'towjCf common at 'Stanley,- Oven's, ./"Three/ of, "the .same person's cows have been. similarly treated. within-; a, Tort .night. . Chinese' afe.snspected. :! The success of our. .meat preserving companies, -Bays tlie, Argus, still continues to -attract attention in Euglnud. n The ,New Zealand.Lpan and Mer- Vantile Agency Company, PsfabUsbed' some -time ago in -Loudon for the purpose of making ad vances, in the colony on. produco, -,and. rqceiying consignments fur Bale iri London, .anxious, for the success of Professor Gamgee's process ofpresery- ;ingmeat,stntb,in a' supplement to their monthly! circular, uow bofore us, that they ' have person ally-inspected- rProfessor Gamgee's- -plant,- and havonvitnessed the process above descfibedjraiid can' confirm: tlie statements made,: as.-jfar :as the colour, appearance, and flavour pf tlie meat and the cheapness of mniupuln'tiori are concerned! The only points which rnow"reqiiirersolviiigrare; in. ;ppr opinion; ns, to, the period for which the meat will remain of good quality, and the kind of pnck-i irig most suitable 'to- protect' the surface from' decay or mildew. 'iThe matter'is of such import-! ance to, the colon;', that: we. have thought it advis-j able to apply a praoticril test/to the ..process,.-and wo have therefore requested Professor Gamgee to, prepare' tlifee oaroases of sheep, riiid toptiok them' on.,tlie, most approved/plan. ; .These . we, propose to forward by .'oriliriafy,', sliips ' 'to' three/of tlie; principal ports of the. cploiiy, and should they stnnd this test satisfactorily, (of. -which. oqr friends' will have. the oppprtuuity pf judging),, tho.process will be removed from tlie/region of tlieory . to that of fact." In-order1 to give tlie wines -'entered/' ftr their prizes a fnir rihnnW this year, the /Viptofiri'Society determined to llnve them'taated in , tli'e-cellars of the Exliibition;buililirig' instead of;'in; ri'.'iiot tent on the show ground at Heidelberg. 'Yesterday \- wfls appointed fbr tliis' trial, -arid ' 'fifteen'' samples in all were submitted'to' tlie jiidges, Messrs Farie, Piinton, and Klemm."/; Of the . full-bodied white wines, saysTlieArgusyriot older than, 1808, No. 1, mado,by-F.( ,Hirschi pf Barker's Creek, was declared to 'be the b'est. -'This was a Chnssela'sof 1808.; The se'ebrid prizo wasiawardedito Nor 4, a Verdeillio, made1 by F. Grasse of Bbudigo. Bo tli we're, good sound wipes of much/ prpmisfl. In. tlip aectiob fur ligjit dry /white wines, the' first prize was awarded'to" No. 4, made by Charles Maplestone, of Tvrinhoe-lodge, iri 1808,'from'a mixture of Shepherd's and German reisling.- !It was a nice elbar wine, : wonderfully) good '.for.' its nge. Tlie second prize was awarded to No. -2; a still lighter wine, made by-Mr - Jolin MaCkielian, of.Moiint Rouse, of two-thirds .gouaiB, and brie- tbird ii uiixture of reisling, , roussette, nnd / chas- selas.; In tlie septiori, for full-bodied red' winds there was most "competition, and the -first -prize was.awarded-to No. 6,-ealled red Burhatn," made by/&cj;$c.EU|pttrit'X|(it(fii, in; 1809o (for such a youDg wine this was , surprisingly good. Thp . second, prize" was awarded/ to No., .3, a hermitage,' inade'jri 180i'by. Messrs eiuue .a'ud Griffenhageri, of Bendigo, -, vNo'. 2, made by" Mr JoaepliiStBvenspn> of tlipKangarop. Ground, -twos also "deerried worthy /of li'oriotirable-montibn'.-TThis was A lieririitae, but aTigliter' wine tlia'n' ei'tlier of tlio others,. ;pqrlaking moreof',. the claret character. ! There were iio ligh't r/e'd, wines sliowu. Only ,oriq.snpriple was'entbre'd for the, Bpecial prize I of £10, so this was/not Awarded.' jAVhoitlecbf curiously manufactured wine was sent in for the opinion of the judges by- Mr Sizar 'Elliott, but they declined ito identify .itliem'Belves with' it in any way, as the less they- said aboutvit; the better.-,- , , - . ... , ; : ( , . The elder Fox exclaimed; during- a" Crisis, 'that Richelieu himself could not govern, tho departments of the State if he had but two hours per day to de vote to them. If the House expects tlie Msepheraon Ministry to reform the public service Mr M'Cnlloch bequeathed to it, hon. members may as well realise that- the. work can never be accomplished while this House . is iu . session, . while the evenings have to bo .. given up .to. debate, and tho daya to'.couiicils and deputations. , There must, be a recess if there is to be any reduction in the expen diture beyond the summarily sotting aside the new:and vory necessary public works Mr Berry has projiosed, and the various special. appropriations Mr M Cullooh induced the House to make last sis9ion— the £200,000 for railway construction, for instance. Mr M'Cnlloch, it seems to ho forgotten (shys the Telegraph), took office as n financial reformer. He spent, wa were given tb understand, labouriotis nights in investigating salaries' with a microscopic eye, with a viow of effecting savings, and be, took the/ Treasurership in order ' to save With ' more facility. Tbo idea his followers now profess to en tertain, that largo savings can be effected iu tbo public service if Ministers please, is the mosi damag ing reflection which can be oast on theiri own chief. They ask ns to believe that after the six years rule of Mr M'Cnlloch the Civil Service is an extravagant sham. , \Yo are moro kind to tiiat gentleman than his professing friends. All that - cheeseparing can do, Mr M'Culloch, we believe, has dono. The rest must bo accomplished by reorganisation, 4nd for that time and tbo oxplioit .nuthority of the House are necessary.. And as Mr M'Culloch has tried his hand, ho of all men ought not to object to Mr Mao- pherson seeing if he cannot do' better. Wo fancy tho country will prefer tlio manly policy in the matter.tbe latter: gentleman has shadowed forth. Consolidation so.unds better than cheeseparing. 