NOTICES OF UEOENT COLO-TAt 1 PUBLICATIONS. . i ' Leaves fbom Austualiak Forests,' by Hekrv Ke-vdall.— Wo confess ourselves greatly disappointed in these poems. On opening the work at the dedication, we felt ourselves warranted in expecting that the character of the poems would be in keeping with the good Eensc, manly feeling, and clear diction vchieh pervades that dedication. In this wo wero disappointed. Of the iorty-hve poems which compose the volume there aro not a dozen worthy of being retained in print. There are Bomo beautiful images and forcible expressions scattered throughout tho work ; but they are only to be dis covered by patient and painful research, except in some half-dozen instances. The prevailing style is extremely vicious. Crude, half-formed thoughts are rudely thrust 'before the reader's gaze, and clothed in the most fantastic and insufficient garb of language. It is many years since we read our Horace, and our classical knowledge gene rally is somewhat rusty ; but on looking over our watery-eyed friund's lyrics at present wo find we can translate them faster than Kendall's. This should not lie. Perhaps some of our readers can tell us what the following moans : Daughter of the dead-red summers, men that laugh, and men that weep, Call the music— shall I follow, choose tUelr name, and turn ?What1 thou ''art, behold ! I know not, but tby honey slakes and slays Half the want which whitens manhood In the stress of ahen days. After three inefl'ectual attempts to extract som» meaning from those wondrous passages, entailing a severe headache on each occasion, we had to give it up in despair. It is but a step from the sublime to the ridiculous, and Kendall, in his desire to avoid anything like vulgarity of diction, runs into the worse extreme of elevation, carried to obscurity if not to absolute nonsense. One would have expected an imperishable delineation of a beautiful, passionate, and haughty woman from the man who wrote, Is she a maidon, or marble ? or rather A tigress at wait ? To pounce on the soul for her pastime A leopard for love or for bate. But those few beautiful lines are enclosed in several verses of the merest drivel, in which there in not even the ghost ul' an idea to lie found. Again, in his 'Death in the Bush,' which is a subject one would think congenial to the somewhat sombre tone ol' Kendall's mind, the strongest point is tliu picture of a stockman throwing a bag of tea into tho lap of the disconsolate widow. We never read a puet in our life who shows such nn utter absence of interest in tho concerns of mankind, or such a want of human sympathies and affections. There Ls in his works no love, no hate, no joy, no sorrow, in the sense in wliich these feelings arc experienced or understood by the groat bulk of mankind. Humour ol the faintest kind is totally absent from Iub poems, and apparently totally foroign to his miture. His forte is description of inanimate nature in her rudost and grandest phases. He delights in the storm-capped Summit, the surf-tormented shore, and in the mingled roar and wail of sea and wind. His own powerfully vivid impressions of such sights and sounds he con voys as accurately perhaps as the pen of man can convey them ; and carries his readers unresistingly with him in his boldest lights tlirough ' desperate tracts and furthermost spaces.' But here his power ceases ; indeed he siHsma careless about exerting it in any other direction.. We fear this defect is radical and insuperable; and that 'Australia's poet' has not yet appeared in print. The future poet of Australia may obtain some splendid hints from Kendall, but he must be a man of more intensely human feeling ; and he must form a style the anti thesis of his — he must eschew the cumbrous phraseology and awkward word-juggling which will always render nine-tenths of Kendall's writings unintelligible, not to the masses of English readers alone but to the cultured. ' The Gates Ajah' is the title of an American novel re- issued by Mr. George Jiobert60n,of Melbourne It consists of speculations on a future stato indulged in by two ladies of a religious turn, who have lost respectively a dear brother and a loved husband. The younger lady (Mary), who lias l-jst her brother in tho wiir of the secession of the Southern States, manifests a somewhat rebellious disposition towards the decrees of Providence, and a dissatisfaction with its arrangements generally. She entertains a morbid, dislike to the consolation of her neighbours, and enters minutelv into nn analysis of her sufferings and of the motives of her good-natured but some what nido friends by whom she is bored to death. At last a true consoler comes in iho person of Aunt Winifred, the widow of a congregational minister, whom she recently buried, and whom she loved devotedly. Mary's deseription of Aimt Winifred is feminine and characteristic. Wo aro told that ' she is still young, though she has very grey hair, and her face is deeply furrowed with the lines of suffering,' which, we presume, is a delicate paraphrase for wrinkles ; l'urthemijre, ' she is some what irregular in features, and she is of ruthor dumpy proportions;' notwithstanding wliich, ' llaphacl would have hailed her as a model for one of his rapt Madonnus.' Aunt Winifred, however, has extraordinary con versational powers, and is perfectly inexhaustible on the subjects of love, and of the condition of the saints in the next life. Upon tho latter topic she broaches some novel, if not heterodox, theories, and is at issue with the most eminent divines, from Arch bishop Whateloy down to her neighbour mid pastor, tho Kev. Dr. Bland. One of her theories is that tie first stage in the next life is, like tho present, one of probation. As the line must bo drawn somewhere, however, she limits spiritual progress towards perfection to threo stages. She is an admirer of triple arrangements generally, an adopts Professor Buck's thoory, that man is composed of a material body, a spiritual body, and a. soul. Death removes tho material body, and the spiritual body and soul remain together till tho work of perfection is consummated, when the spiritual body is also cast off and the soul is left to pursue fuono its glorious carter, w c are not quite euro that we understand Aunt Winifred here, and we are still more uncertain as to whether she under stands herself. Her expressions, however, warrant no other construction than we have put upon them . But there is nothing which so quickly degenerates into uttor rot as theological ' speculations.' The best-balanced and most masculine minds iind them selves bewildered in the regions of speculative theology ; but woman, with her daring imagination and uncertain judgment, is there as the merest feather, tossed about by every breath of opinion and finding rest nowhere. 'Notwithstanding all tliis the book is readable from begiiuiing to cud. Hove is a specimen of those exquisite little vanities which make us love tho deal' creatures wliile we laugh at them. Mary says : I like to watch' Aunt Winifred brushing her beautiful grey hair ; it quite alters her face to hare it down. ' I used to be proud of my hair when a girl,' she said, with a slight blush, when she saw I was looking at her : ' it was all I had to be proud of, and I made the most of it Ah, well ! I was dark haired three years ago, when my husband died. When I am In Heaven I shall have my pretty dark hair again ' It seemed so odd to hear her say that ; then the next minute it did not seem odd at all, but the most natural thing in the world. The lntter part of the book abounds in those deli cate and beautiful touches of nature which only a true and loving woman can give. Of such arc 'the accounts of poor little Clo's love adventure ; Amini dab's awkwardness and manly tenderness ; nnd pre eminently of such is the seeno where the bravo and tender Aunt Winifred unfolds her secret suffering, from cancer of the breast, to the astounded Man-. We cannot indulge our wish to give some of thoBc exquisite passages in which the last chapters abound; suffice it to say that they bear the stamp of genius, and all must rise from the perusal edilied, if saddened. ' COMMCNICATIOXS HIOM AMITHEll WOULD.' — This work in merely a reprint also from Sir. Robertson, of Melbourne, of one previously pub lished in the ' 'United States, under the title of 'Planchctto or the Despair of Science.' It is a collection of the most noticeable so-called facts nf modern spiritualism, illustrated by references to the superstitious beliefs of mankind* in all ages and countries, and compared with the theories of scientific material philosophers as to the production of the phenomena of spiritualism. In tone the work is vulgarly and offensivelv polemical throughout. The compiler seems to have* taken it for granted that the Bcientilic world is in league to put duwn spiritualism by any means, fair or foul, and lie lashes out fiercely ag-.iinst th« 6cieniilic world ac cordingly. With such quarrels we have nothing to do ; and it would answer no useful purpose io follow tho anther through the long list of spiritual manifestations which he adduces. it will ba sufficient to say that the Broat majority of liis instances are of an extremely trumpery character ? and that the Davenport Brothers, Mr.' Home,- and Mr. Foster, -who aro well known to the world as spiritual mediums, and in connection with some vury mundane trickery, are adduced as the most gifted and trustworthy exponents of the mysteries of another world. In view of the evidence furnished by_ those mediums against themselves, it is not sur prising that the majority of thinking minds scout their pretensions. When it is borne in mind that nearly all tho proceedings of spiritualists axe initiated in a darkened room and are characterised bv thf- most grotesque and frivolous displays, the 'most thoughtless might very well revolt from the conclu sion they are asked to accept. Admitting that there is something unaccountable in many of the mani festations of spiritualiste, it is no more than we are compelled to do in regard to the performances of conjurors, jugglers, and fortune - tellers, who distinctly repudiate spiritual agency in the production of their astound ing tricks. Nothing the spiritualist can do cxccIb, nor indeed cquals,pn apparent violation of the laws of nature, the feat of the Indian juggler, who, in the most public thoroughfare and in midday,Lwill cut off the head of a cock and stick it on again five minutes afterwards, when the bird will walk away, clapping his wings and crowing lustily. To come nearer home, vo had in the person of Miss Haydeo Heller displays of clairvoyance which might well be considered supernatural, but which were distinctly repudiated as such by her brother, .Mr, Eobert Heller. The inference from all this is, to the majority of thinking men, sufficiently obvious. In answer to the charge of frivolity urged against spiritual manifestations in general, we are told that spirits in the other world are just as ignorant and stupid as they were in the flesh. This is all very well, of course ; but we should have expected some thing better from the spirit of Benjamin Franklin than that he should have passed two or three hours of his valuable time in lifting tables and blowing trumpets for the delectation of a half dozen elderly ladies and gentlemen. When spiritualists have been asked to produce their manifestations in daylight and in a public hall, before a body of scicntiiic men, and to repeat those manifestations when required, they have replied that the production of spiritual phenomena does not rest with them, but with the spirits, 'and those do not choose to make their disclosures in such a manner. This is very like begging the question. Some bolieve electricity to bo at the bottom of all these manifestations ; and it is not unlikely that spiritualists in pursuing a monstrous chimera are paving the way for discoveries scarcely less wonderful in their material results than the rabid imaginings of credulous enthusiasts. 