A- COUNTY FAMILY. CHAPTER VII. — HENEATU THE OLD V.OOF TREE. The Manor-house was hot without its memories for Mrs. Blackl)urn as well as hor husband, although they were of a different sort. She had dwelt, as a servant wlicro she was now the mistress : she had returned in triumph across the threshold from which she had been driven with shame. It was no wonder, therefore, that she wore an air of triumph. A powerful ally, Death, had declared himself upon her side, and at last had con quered all h.er foes for her ; for the Black- burns — fathers, and sons, and grandsons — were all enemies in her eyes ; cruel and un natural in their treatment of her husband — insolent, and cruel to herself. She had made a hasty tour of the house before dinner, and insisted on her grand-diiutrhtor's accompanying her. The handsome sitting-rooms had been expatiated upon, and in one of them, tho library, she had whispered (it was one of tho few touches of pathos sho exhibited through out) : " It was here that your grandfather confessed his love for mo, and gave me his first kiss. All," sighed she, stepping up to the old-framed mirror that stood over the fire-place, " I was as bonnic a lassie as thou, Iselly, then, and a deal healthier-looking. But rheum and wrinkles is what wo must all come to." In the best bedroom, which bad been pre pared for Anthony and herself, her reductions were of a more agreeable nature : " It was here, Nelly, that I waited on my Lady — and a kind-hearted loving creature she was, with a A I - - 1 .1 1. .1 TT „ K...J unuo tor a nuM-num. iiu a uau imuu every way. Alack ! how I have heard him bang and swear in that dressing-room, while I have been doing madam's hair. And how she would start and colour as- our faces met in this glass." " Did sho know how yon and grandfather loved one another asked Ellen, with an interest which sho had been hitherto far from evincing in any of the circumstances of the day. "Not at first, although she found it out before tho Squire did. She tried her best to stop it. — for which, indeed, I don't blame her ; it is best in a general way for folks to marry in their own rank, you may depend on that, Nelly — but when she Ion nil Anthony quite set upon it, she addressed her self to me." "And what did she say, grand mother r " "Well, she spoke very fair. I will say.- Sho owned that she was much averse to her son's marrying such a one as me. 'But it's better, in God's sight, that he seek to marry you,' said sho, ' than seek your ruin.' (Poor thing, she knew more than people guessed of the wickedness that went on under her own roof.) She so moved me, in deed, with her kind words, that I almost made up my mind to give Anthony up ; and I would have. d.one so — yes, I do believe I would — rather than have got him turned out of house and homo for my sake. Bur. it was not in my power to slop that. Whether I had married him or not-, that would hav£ happened all the same. He and his father spoke such bitter words to one another ; and no wonder, so far as Anthony was concerned ; why, you would scarce believe it ! but that wicked old man, your great-grand fatlior — think of that, Nelly, and I nlivo to tell it ! — if ho had not had a wifa already, would have married mo himself!" Tho young girl shuddered, as well she. might. Those reminiscences of vicious passion told by tho lips of age concerning ono far cider, and whom death has so long taken, seemed to have a smack of pie charnel. But tho narrator herself had no such qualms. "I only saw madam onco alter that dreadful quarrel," she went on. "Your grand lather and I wero married then, and forbidden the house ; but his mother wrote us word to meet, her on a certain day in Redtnoor Pir Grove, when Russell Blackburn was at York races. She looked white and thin as a ghost; and in- doed sho died within six months of that dato ; and if ever a broken heart was the cause of death, it was so with her. I thought sho would never have unclosed her arms from Anthony's neck, they clung to him so at part ing; he was her favourite son, as well as hor oldost horn, and she must, luivo felt it was for tho last time. I did not know then, as I know now, Nellv, what a hitter cup that was to drain ; but I pitiod Iter from tho bottom of my heart. Besides, she had not a word of blame for'me, nor even of warning; sho had boon such a good wifo herself, that perhaps she had- no idea of what somo wives are ; but she bade her son bo true to me, even when the days should corno, as they liavo long come, though I little thought of them at the time, when all the benutv that then gladdened him so in my face and form should have faded and gone." "She must have been a good woman," sighed Ellen sympathetically. "Yes, wench — too good for this world. Another ono in hor place, not so good, might have done better. She did not mnko tho most of herself even in appear ance, as I have told her, in this very chamber, many a time,. — Hark ! there's tho first dinner- bell. Tho last time I heard it, and saw Anthony go down without mo to take his placo at table, I little thought it would bo fifty years before I got my own. Woll, better late than never ; tho tido has turned at last, though it is not at full yet ; nor will bo till my Willy has his right. See, liuro is tho girl coming to dress mo ; just as I used to como to madam, directly that bell rang." Ellen partook of none of this triumph and exhilaration. Sho tried to be glad, for her grandfather's sake, that their prospects had been so marvellously changed for the belter ; but in her heart she was sorely grieved. If the tiling could have beon postponed till tlirco months later, when she would have been John Denton's wile, then sho might have welcomed this stroke of good fortune like tho rest, although it would have always been in an inferior degree; for sho did not euro for wealth for its own sake, and of tho advantages it bestows sho had had no oxporieuco. At present she only knew that the acquisition of it had dispelled her brightest dream. Her grandfather had sternly commanded her to break oil' all relations with John Denton ; such an engagement, lie enn- tonded, to which, oven under other circum stances, ho had always refused his consent, hud now become utterly incompatible with her position, aud was to he no longer entertained.- Not even her strong sense of gratitude and filial respect towards her grandfather could induce her to send such tidings to the young ougineer; but sho had written him word that for tho presont his visits, and even his corres pondence with her, must cease. Tho pair wero doomed to lest tho strength of that constancy of which each had boasted ; and though sho feared no danger from the separation, sho dooply felt the pain of it. Tho (hot was, now that the barren hope to which Anthony Black burn had citing lor near half a century of toil bad at last beguu to boar, ho was groody for the full fruition of it. JTo wanted to be all bis ancestors the squires of Blackburn Manor had been before him, and by tho help of Ellen, to whom ho was sincerely and devotedly attached, even something more. Ho was in secret much more solicitous to secure tho good opinion of his now noighbours than ho pro tended to be, and we havo seen that ho was content, for the sake of it, even to forego some taste of the pleasures of rovengo. lie woll knew that tho attempt to recover his old position in the neighbourhood would be a difficult ono ; and that his wife would he totally unable to adapt herself to her altered fortunes. In the background, too, was a third member of the family, to whom wo have not as yet been introduced, but who could not bo kept away from Blackburn Manor for over, and who was likely to prove a still more formidable obstacle to his views. Indeed, without Ellen's aid, tho caso was well nigh hopeless, and therefore it was that, lie threw in tho scale against her love for Denton the full weight of his authority, and piled upon it all the considerations of gratitude and loyalty he could call to his aid. Without her, how could an old man. (however pitiable for bis misfortunes), nnd an old woman, whose audacity in wedding abovo her station had, in their opinion, deserved all tho misery it had earned, recommend thomsclvcs to the proud and well-born folk, with whom lie hoped once more to mix — oven putting out of consideration that more serious hindrance to his cfl'orts which for the present he might contrive to keep out of sight ? But, on the other hand, with his beautiful grand-daughter to help him, how nH.o-i.,1 «..k tln> push ! A couiitrv house that was the casket, of such a jewel as Ellen Black burn could not fail to be attractive. She had good blood in hor veins, and looked and moved like a princess. She would ho rich, for he would make her so. With whom, then, among | untitled folk at least, might sho not form an alliance ? and that once cemented, her hus band's kin would stand shoulder to shoulder with her own, and help them to keep their place. Thoughts of this kind had begun to fill the old man's brain from the moment that he had received tho news of his nephow's death, and had even taken definite and material shape with respect to his young neighbour, Herbert Stanhope. But at all events lie had quilo made up his mind that the proposals of John Denton should he rejected ; for let the young engineer's - future prosperity ho what it might in his own lino, it could never ho of the sort to further tho family popularity. Perhaps in one who had himself sacrificed so much to mere sentiment, this resolve may seem harsh and unnatural ; but it is easier to givo way to tho softer emotions at eighteen than at sixty-eight, and j easier at all times to disregard the sentimont of other people than one's own. . Thus it was that Ellen Blackburn found ! small pleasure in tho sudden prosperity of her kindred, and sighed in her well- furnished I chamber at the Manor for that little room ill I the cottage, through whoso latticed window \ sho had so often watched for hor lover across ; the moor, and smoothed tho tresses, innocent , of (lower or gem, to wolcomo him. Still, she was not unconscious of tho delights ot her , now position, nor so plunged in grief (since sho had liopo to mitigate it), as not in some j measure to appreciate thorn. The view from J her proseut apartment (oven without that I beloved figure in the foreground) was not | indeed to bo compared with that to which sho ; had so long been accustomed ; but it had a beauty aud borne quiet of its own which pleased her much. Beyond the lorraco and the carriago sweep, and separated from tho hitler only by a deep sunk fence, luy a small hut undulating and well-wooded park, with hero and there a herd of deer. Upon ono side was the village, with its ivied clmroh- towcr, from which the joy-bells wero still pealing dreamily; and, on tlio other, field after field of richest pasturo-land, with luxuriant hedges (so difi'oront from tho stono walls about Slogan), that scorned to grow so near t.o one another in the bluo distance that they enclosed no space at all. Hor bedroom oponed upon a still moro charming boudoir, from whoso windows, if tho prospect was moro restricted, it was not loss fair. Immediately beneath thorn lay the well- kept garden, a chess-board of flowering squares of various hue. A quaint old arbour, built of fir-cones, and ornamented with painted glass, oponed on what had onco beon the bowling- green, but was now in course of alteration into a croquet ground — a change which she rightly guessed had been made by young Richard for the sako of his betrothed. Be neath tho shade of those spreading cedars, and on tho levelled turf, ho. had doubtless stood with her, and shown how all things wero to ho tinder her coming reign. They had paced together tho winding walks of tho shrubbery beyond, and climbed yonder little hill with its gay pavilion, from which all tho (iolds and farms which owned him for their master wore to he seen. Tho boudoir itself had been re cently titled up, and for whom but for this poor girl, of whoso very name sho was ignor ant, hut whoso fate — divorced for ever from him sho loved — touched her eyes with sym pathetic tears. How it would vox this poor creature, when sho oanio to hear it, that the new Squiro had forbidden his people to breatho young Richard's natno ! That had been a bitter speech of her grandfather's, and painful to listen to ; and although she did not doubt that his alfeotion for her was genuine, though he showed it in such mistaken fashion, it was | plain wealth had already made him hard and stern ; and might not his nature keep that mould for tho future ? Sho could reluso to ho false to her love, but she could never act in delianco of the old man's express command ment. It did not need, then, tho cold hand of death to keep asunder John Denton and hersolf. But against such thoughts as these sho had a simplo charm, that for the present at least proved efficacious. She drew from her bosom John's last letter, written on receipt of her harsh tidings, and which bade her be of good cheer, and to wait in hope. There was not a sylhiblo of auger in itaguinst her grandfather, who ho frankly- owned had at ho time encouraged his addresses. It breathed nothing hut. love utid trust in her ; and as sho read it softly to hor- self, tho words seeinud liko a song, to which the summer breezo that eumo in at the open window, laden with evening odour, was tho fit accompaniment ; and her whole soul was lapped in comfort, and grew calm. Iler toilet suffered from tho nso of this specific, for the second dinnor-bell sounded before sho lmd tiino to assumo her evening attire. Hor appearanco, however, as lias been shown, proved sufficiently attractive in the 03'es of tho only guest, Mr. Mowbray Molfiit ; whilo tho lack of splendour in hor attire was fully com pensated for by that of Mrs. Blackburn, who, having had her pick of tho family jewel-box' had not confined herself to more satin und pearls. After dinner, whilo tho oldor lady made an elaborato tour of tho drawing-room, and approximately priced tho furniture, tho younger sat herself down at tho piano und played a few sacrcil airs, such, as sho had been used to evoke from the harmonium in tho little church, of which sho had boon organist, under Slogan ; and prosontly, as we have seen, this attracted tho notico of tho gentlemen, and hrouirht them in from the dining-room. Wrapt, in tho melody, sho did not notion their arrival, hut continued to play 011, her pensive features with a chastened glow upon them, and her eyes full of devo tional fire. Even Mr. Moffat, a man not given to enthusiasm of any sort, was struck with her raro and cthoreal bounty, and stopped in tho doorway liko 0110 spell-bound. " Sho is a thorough Blackburn, is she not ? " whispered Anthony admiringly; "as hand some as tho dead lady wo havo just been speaking of, and with a look besides such as tho angels wear. I havo sometimes feared that sho would bo taken from mo because of that." "Does sho inherit any delicacy of constitution ? " inquired tho prosnic lawyer. " Both hor parents died very young, sir, did they not ? " "Yes, hut they wore a hearty couple. Tho mother, a pretty girl enough, hut not. liko this one, died in giving her birth. Her father, as strong a man as myself, came to an untimely end." "Yes, poor lad. lie fell down somo precipico in Wales, as you wroto to toll mo : that mountaineering" ho had been killed 011 Slogan by a powder blast " which is so much tho fashion now-a-duys has been tho death of many a fino young fellow. But. though you have not montioned him for years — your letters wero so brief — this sweet young lady lioro is surely not your only hope — jam r eldest son is still nlivo, I trust r " This was tho question which the law3er had had in his mind from tho first, but had not hitherto ventured to put, since it was evident that his new client had reasons for his strange reticence on so important a matter. Mr. Mofiat put it now with such directness, that an answer could scarcely lie avoided, hut kept his 03res averted l'rotn his host, and fixed 011 the 3'oung girl at tho piano, otherwise he would havo seen old Ant hoik's rudd3 colour chnngo to deadliest white, as he replied st i (lly : " M3' son William is alive, or I should not have failed to let 3ou know, sir. At present, how ever, I do not expect him homo, lie is abroad. — There, at last, sho sees us! — Iain afraid wo startled 3011 a little, Nellv. But pri'13, play 011 ; Mi. Mofiat dotes 011 music as much as I do." chapter viii. — the shadow ix the sunshine. Tho evening passed away wilhout any fur ther reference on Mr. Mofiht's part to the sub ject which had so embarrassed his host, ; but ho had already sown tho seed of disquiet in the hitter's breast-. Anthony Blackburn could not but havo expected that his confidential inan of business must needs, sooner or later, have put to him so pregnant a question — it was clearly I necessary that he should convince himself of the oxistenco or demise of his eliont's only son — and yet ho had found himself quito unpre pared to answer it. Ho was conscious that I10 hud hesitated in his reply, and felt that he might veiy possibly have aroused suspicion ; and all tho timo bis grand-daugliter was sing ing, and whilo his fingers seemed to move in accord with her tunes, ho was reproaching himself with his want of readiness, and de vising plans for setting tho law3er's doubts at rest. Ho could never sutler him to leave tho 1 house with this idea of 'something amiss upon his mind, to grow and grow, until perhaps it took somo monstrous shape, as bad as tho reality itself. According, when the law3or rose to take his leavo, his host insisted upon his having brandy and water and a cigar, in what was called " tho Squiro's Room," a C0.S3' chamber decorated after tho family fashion with portraits of horse and hound, tho possession of which had at various periods dignified tho Blackburn raoo. Stuffed fish of portoutoussizc that had fallen victims to brotber'Richard's rod and lamling- net, adorned tho walls ; tho boll- ropes wero fox brushes eurnod by Eordinand ; and ou the mantelpiece was a mig-hl.y drinking. liprn with silver edgo, tho contents of which 1 Charles had beon woiit to empty at a draught bofore being helped to bed. Tho window of j this apartmont was at tho back of the lionso, and oponod upon a portion of tho stahle-3'ard ; and in times not very remot.o, the diversion of 1 cock-fighting had been carried on outside, whilo tho inmates sat at ease, as in an opera- box, and wagered, pipe in mouth, upon tho re sult of the conflict. Perhaps, upon tho whole, it was of nil tho rooms in the house the one most rcdolout of tho family fragrance ; and when the door opened to Anthony's touch, a crowd of inomories seemed to como forth to greet him, which, although by no moans hallowed, had a certain improssivenoss ; for all those jolly sportsinon, dicers, drinkers that ho had known or heard of had been his kith and kin, and woro now dead. "It was in this room, Moffat, that T tasted my first whiff" of tobacco,'' quoth Anthony, gazing earnestly around. "My father filled tho pipo, and laughed till I10 cried, when tho funics made mo ill. It seems but yesterday ! How well I remember Unit old print yonder of tho prize-fight ! O110 of the men is Meudoza ; and that old fellow with the lady is Old Q. at ninety years of ago with his nurse. Old Q. ' was Qnoensberry, you know." " Yes, yes," I said the lawyer; "t.lio Duke, of course. Ho was quite childish for years before his death." " Ah," said Anthony suddenly, " that reminds me, Moffat, it is a thing that, may happen to either 0110 of us in a year or two, for we are not young men ; and I wish to provido at once against it. — Hero, mix your liquor foryoursolf, and take a cigar, and lot us havo a quiot chat togother about business. — I wish to make — to givo you instructions about my will." "Your will, sir ? I liopo it may bo IU11U3' 3ears" (Tho Squiro motioned with his hand im patiently.) " But there, as you would say, it is well to provido against tho worst, and whilo wo are in health, to do thoso things, which, being undone, may make sickness an anxious timo." " My father, as. I understo j said tho old Squiro thoughtfully, puffing ai his cigar, "placed my name in his will without putting it into the entail at all." "Just so, sir. Ho loft, failing 30111 brothers and their heirs, tho whole estate to 3'ou absolutely and at your own disposal.1' "No thanks to hiin, sir," ex claimed Anthony hotly. "I've 110 moro grati tude for what lie did than ho felt towards tho fox whoso brush gave him 3onder bell- liandlo. WI13' should I r" "Well, eortainly 3'our father little thought that 3ou would over be tho Squiro lioro, when ho made that will, sir; aud, b3-the-b3o, his instructions for it woro given singularly onoughiuthis very room. M3 uncle told me ail about it, when I10 camo homo that day — aud voxod enough he was that matters had so turned out, for, like in3solf, ho had always wished you woll." "Novor mind his wishes, Mr. Mofiat; let mo know what ho said about the will." " Na3% there was not much to tell, sir. I know, of course, how bitter your father was against you, and bow resolved to cut 3011 off. But still I thought there might ho some remem brance — a legacy or something — and it gave 1110 quite a shock, sir, it did, upon my sacred word and honour, when my undo Robert told 1110 what, had happened. Mr. Eordinand, 3011 seo, was hut a lad at tho timo ; and your other brothers wero mere children ; and it seemed so cortain that if ono died tho others would livo — and then their children — why, 3our ohanco seemed out of the question altogether. ' I wish,' said your father, ' to mako an eldest son of Eordinand, and to leave tho Manor in entail fo hiin and his heirs ; and the3 failing, I would do the same with Charles, and thou with Richard.' Well, 3011 remember how had 30111 father was to cross ; so my uncle said nothing about you at that moment, but entered into tho affair of your younger brothers' 'portions, in caso Ferdinand and his heirs succeeded ; and then, when that was settled — tlioy woro to havo tho Moscdalc property between them, which has now, hy-thc-l-e, become moro valu able than all tho rest — and 3'et 110 word was spoken about 3ourself, my undo ventured to say : 'And what do 3011 wish dono about your son Anthony ?' " "Yes; now, what did ho reply ? " asked tho Squiro oarnostly. "Toll me tho truth, Moffat, though I know it will ho a hitter morsel." " Ho said that ho wished nothing done, and that ho had 110 son Anthony.'' "lie said that, did he ?" observed tho Squiro between his teeth. " We!!, I had 110 father, then. — Go 011." "Thou my nude Robert spolco of some money that happened to ho lyinig in tho banker's hands — a loose thousand or two ; altogether, perhaps Gl'tocn hundred pounds — and mentioned that he had heard ol 3ou of late as being veiy ill olf and sinco this sum was not appropriated But your father burst in with his 'No, sir, no;' and there was an end of that." " But how, then, camo 1113 name to appear in the will at all ? " "It was your mother's doing, sir; she begged and pru3cd that, it should not bo left out alto gether ; and sinco it looked as though it did not matter a pin's point, your name was put in last to comfort her. 'And if ho gets it, wifo,' said Squiro Russell, with a wink at my undo, ' I10 shall havo tho Manor for his own, to leave it to whom I10 pleases ;" whereupon sho thanked him with tears, thinking, poor soul, that ho was really doing 3011 a kindness. Anil indeed, as it has turned out, he was ; for although, 111 an3caso, 3'ou must havo succeeded to tho estate, as your Into nephew's hoir-al.-law, you might not havo found it solely at 30111 own disposal." "Which it now is, of course?" "Most eortainly it is, sir; and a very lino proporty it has of Into beeomo. Your income, thanks to tho growth ot Mosedalo, is at least thrice what your father's was — and, if I may venture to adviso, it is out of t.hat portion of tho estate that 11113 provision 3011 may please to make for Miss Ellen should como, leaving the Manor lands to descend na a matter of course.'' Anthony hold up his finger. " I wish my grand- daughter, Ellon, to inherit Blackburn Manor and all tho lands about," said ho with grave distinctness. "Sho will bo m3 sole heiress, Mr. Molf.it." " But 30111 son, sir r " ejaculated tho l:iW3er with profound astonish ment. "I shall seo that 1113 son, William Blackburn, is provided for according to his deserts, mit of tho Mosedalc lands. Your own suggestion, in fact, is to ho adopted, with a change of names; and 3011 will come to-mor row and lay the wholo matter clearly boforo mo ; but in tho meantime I wished 3011 to j labour under no misconception, not oven for a 1 singlo da3', concerning 1113 intentions for the future. Do 3011 understand them ? " " Por- I feetly, sir." "Well, that is onough for to- I night; wo will speak of details at a more ! seasonable time. — If you will roall3 not tako ! another glass, I will ring for your horse." Tho law3er had not recovered from his J surprise even when I10 found himself in tho ! open air and 011 the back of his own sober groy. is tlicro never again to do a iJiacicDurn at tho Manor houso ? " muttered I10. " Aro Squiro and son for ever to quarrel ? And 3'ot these two cannot have had so serious a breach as I at first imagined, else (he old man would not ho so well intentioned towards him. But to havo this young g'irl to be his heiross, who has herself so much sweetness and beauty, is to mnko bur tho best mutch in all tho country!" And tho lawyer, who, although so keon at his trado, was a voiy old woman for match-making and gossip, began to reckon up in his mind ull tho local I magnates who had sons to enter for so dosirable a prizo, and hugged hiinsolf with the possession of the great news that I10 should ho first- to spread. Thus Anthony Blackburn had succo'cdcd to his heart's content in putting to rest his guest's suspicions, and sent him away procisely in tho frame of mind in which hu would havo had him to bo. Yet tho old man sat long alono aftor tho lawyer had departod, with moody and dissatisfied face, and though he drank glass after glass of the strong liquor, it failed to cheer him. At last., with not 1111 altogether stonily step, I10 sought his bedchamber, and finding his wifo seated at. ail escritoire, inquired of hor, in 110 distinct nor amiable accents, what was keeping her up so lato. " I was writing tho letter, Anthony," said sho simply. It may seem strange that an occupation, of so ordinary a kind should have engaged a lady fro in ten o'clock until after midnight, hut the fact was that epistolary composition was not an arb in which Mrs. Blackburn was a proficient, and the sheet of paper before her had only just been folded, and was being placed in its enve lope, when her husband appeared. Ho stag gered across the room, and looked over her shoulder at the address, which, with her head aside, her lips projected, and her eyes in ap parent astonishment at the success which crowned her efforts, she was ill tlie aet of com pleting. "You might have saved 3'ourself this trouble," said lie, doggedly ; " that letter must not he sent." " Not be sent, Anthony ! " ejacu lated she with sudden pallor. " WI13', you promised me that so soon as Ave got here, I might write to tell him ! It is what I have' looked forward to above all else.1' "I cannot help it, Mary," answered the Squire, moved by his wife's disappointed tone 1 " and I am truly sorry for your sake. But I have been think ing of the wholo matter for these last two hours, and it will novel do to lot him know — that is, not yet. He avouIiI lie coming down upon us hero post-haste, and spoiling all at once." "Spoiling alii" repeated Mrs. Blackburn. " You need not mock my words, Avoman, liko ' an echo," replied the Squire, endeavouring to lash himself into a passion, which his genuine, affection for his ivife rendered very difficult ; " there can he no doubt of Avhat I mean. Shall Ave not find it hard Avork enough to win our Avuy hero among our equals, Avit.hout being hampered Avitli such a clog as he1" "A clog, Anthom, vour own and only sou!" "Ay, Avoiihl he Ave re not ; he is a taint in 1113' blood, a disgrace to me, avIio begat hiin ; to 3011, avIio bore hint. I will not 1i:iao him here, to frighten folks with his black looks. ITe cannot keep from mischief, nor in his cups from brag ging of it. He Avill blurt out the Avliole story of his shame some diy, and then what will become of Nelly 1 " " She has a pretty face, and av i 1 1 have a for tune that fits with it," said Mrs. .Blackburn C0I1II3' : " 110 hurt can happen to hor." " What do 3011 think, then, that the 3ou»g gentleman — or nobleman, as likely 11s not — whom she may chance to chose, would hold to his bargain, if ibis ruffian, her grandfather's son, should once show himself in his t.rue colours 1 And Avould that lie' 110 hurt to Nolly 1 If she comes to harm that AV113, as suroh as the moon sits in the sk3 yonder, .William shall never see a penny of mine." " You Avouhl play the same part then, Anthony, as your father played to you, and earn the hatred of your own flesh and blood, as ho did " " No, not tho. same," said the old man excitedly, uoav taking vast strides across the room, the passion of his mind having apparently overcome all effects of the liquor he had so lately swallowed. " I' call heaven to Avitncss, as I have often done, that 1113 father had 110 honest ground of quarrel with me. I had not disgraced him and his for ever; I had not committed a mean and hateful " " Hush, Anthony, hush !" exclaimed Airs. Blackburn piteously. " For my sake, if not for his, do not proclaim his shame to all tho house." "Thore," answered tho Squiro triumphant, "you yourself fear that it should bo known here, and 3ot 3011 would tako no precaution to prevent, its disclosure. You wish it to he told, I suppose, by his OAvn sottish longuo, to he corroborated by his own brutal Avnys and hang- dog looks, as 3011 well know it will be." " But, Anthony, ivliat would you havo him do ? " " I Avon It 1 havo him kept off' from here as long as may bo — for ono clear 3ear at least — for thirteen months — is it not thir teen ?" And tho Squiro stopped in his Avulk, aud east a terrible glance at his wife, who turned her faco from him as ho did so. "If, is twoh'o months and fourteen da3'S," replied she in low and trembling tonos. "At least, then," continued tho Squire, "lot that much of t.imo olapso buforo I10 shows his faeo hero. There is surely reason enough for soLtling that limit. When it is passed, 3ou shall lake 30111 own wn3 in the affair. Our N0II3 Avill 113 that timo — and I havo set tho matter in train alrcad3, if T am not mistaken — have made her position in the 001111(3 assured by marriago ; 011I3-, let not this precious son of ours come hero and ruin all, belore ho is sent for, else, l>3 lleaA'on, it will bo the Avorso for him. So let. tho thing bo settled, Avife, as I have said, and do you tear up that letter." But Airs. Blackburn had already locked it safely iu her escritoire, and secured the I103. " I will not send it, Anthoi', since 3'ou forbid me," returned sho quietly ; " but I must keep the letter until tho time comes at last for me to send it; for then, as ho reads it, I10 will know how, Avhon fortune began to smile onus, I welcomed it mainly for his sake, and guess at all I feel this wretched hour." "IleAvill know nothing — ho Avill feel nothing," answered the Squiro SI0H1I3, "except so far as ho is himself uoueurnod. Do not Hatter 3cmrsolf that William Blackburn is in 11113 changed, or over will he, from tho heartless good-for- niiught wo have always found hiin. At least, for 1113 part, Avhatsoevor disappointments may lio in 1 storo for mo, aud they may bo many yot, I can oxperieneo 110110 from him." And tho Squiro moved SI0WI3' into his drossing- room, keeping his C3es fixed to tho last upon his wife, as sho sat with her face iu her hands, and hor grey hair falling over them, as tho Avillow droops abovo 11 toinbstono. (To he continued.) 