UTAH AND KANSAS. BY A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN. More than once we have been able to present S sV etches of the Great Western Laud, as conveyed in letters to friends here, by a former . colonist of South Australia, who left this pro- i -rince a year or so ago. Not many months back be traversed the Salt Lake Valley, and in the annexed extracts we" give his impressions of the ilonnons anil Slorjnonism; also glances at the territory "of Kansas. The writer, who sands the present communication from Lsavenworth, Kansas, commences by assuring those with whom he corresponds that he cannot tone down his previous descriptions .of the natural features of the country, or his estimate of the climate, and defends himself from the least imputation of having exaggerated either the virtues or vices of the people he has met. He proceeds:— " I have been puzzling. my brains to remember what it was that taxed y«vrr credulity so much, ai d have come to the conclusion that I have written nothing whatever but the plain truth— upon no occasion drawn upon my imagination, or too highly-coloured a*iy statements. If I fcave committed any error it has been quite in the opposite direction. If I. were to give an outline of what I have 6een and heard since landing in this land of wonders I should have to make many statements far more strange and wonderful than any yet made. No person can form anything like a correct idea of this country or its people unless they have been here. The more I see of the country and the psople the more am I convinced that there is no countrv upon earth like it; and as to the people, whv, the world never saw such a Strang m iss of fiumanity collected together as is to be found in the United States to-day, nor were there ever stranger developments of human nature than are seen here, whether you refer to the political, social, or moral condition of the people. Why, look at the community of free lovers at Oneida, in the State of New York, where the sexes live together like the beasts of the forests, selecting one to-day and another to-morrow, and so on from one year to another. Til's in one of the richest and most powerful States in the Uuion, and surrounded by the free and enlightened citizens of that leaiing State! No other civilized nation upon earth would tolerate such an abomination in their midst. This is no small affair, but a large community with factories, farms, workshops, with a regular orginization owning property worth millions. Again, there is the Salt Lake, another foul disgrace, a dark, blaek spot, where every kind of vice and wickedness reigus; but the day of retribute n is at hand. You may expect to hear a good deal about them before long, as it is the intention of the Government to break up that nest. One o£ old Brigham Young's Danites, or destroying angels, made a deathbed confession a few weeks ogo that he had murdered 400 persons while employed by the Mormon Church for that express purpose. It was and is still the practice of that Church to destroy all who attempt to leave them, or in any way attempt to expose their vile actions, or question old Brigham's right to rule. Salt Lake City is one of the most beautiful in America ; great care is taken to make and keep it clean and pleasant. Oa the side of all main streets runs a stream of pure, 'clear water, which decends from the mountains with which the place is surrounded. Some streets have a stream on both sides. All private residences are built in a uniform manner at one distance back from the street, and all are compelled to keep up a neat trim little garden in front. These are irrigated from the streams in the streets, causing them to yield flowers, shrubs, and fruits in rich abundance. This Mormon community forms one of the worst despotisms ou a small scale that the world has ever seen, and old Brigham is one of the shrewdest, craftiest, cruellest tyrants who ever lived. It does seem strange that such a number of peo jle should submit to be robbed, oppressed, and murdered in the manner they are by such an old sinner. By his robbery and oppression he has made himself one of the richest, if not the very richest man in the United States, and the second largest private depositor in the Bank of Euglaud. He owns nearly all the best and most profitable property in Utah—his herds of cattle and horses arc immense. Wives do not live all together in the house with the men, but each Las a Utile cottage for herself, so that any one can tell how many wives a particular person has, without asking, by the number of huts around the house. The number of wives each one has is regulated by Brigham and his Bishops, and if a man with, half a dozen wants the seventh ho is obliged to get permission from head-quarters before he can take her. If this permission is obtained the woman dare not refuse, and on the other hand if Brigham orders a man—a thing he often does—to take another wife he is compelled to do so whether he wants her or not. To refuse is to endanger his life. Liberty of speech is a thing utterly unknown, as no one is f-afe for a moment if he 6ays anything against the doings of the Church, and everything is regulated by the Church, even to the price of all articles bought and sold. A tenth part of everything goes to the Church—or rather, into Brigham's pockct. 1 could tell you much more about this nest of vermin, but forbear lest I should tax your faith too much. The weather is very changeable. On Saturday the gr-oun I was covered several inches deep with snow, with sharp frost during the early part of the night. Sunday morning it rained up to noon, when it began to snow and freeze. The afternoon and evening are bitterly cold—the coldest we have had this winter. We often have all sorts of weather in a few hours. My stay in Leavenworth will be very short, as I iutend to visit several other parts as soon as possible, including California and Oregon." The writer, in a gossipy war, refers to other matters, and then says that he purposes passing through the Salt Lake Valley, over the Rocky Mountains, through California, then taking a trip of S00 miles by sea from Sau Francisco to Northland, in Oregon. He expects to travel yet 12,000 to 15,000 miles iu his tour through that vast continent. In a later letter he remarks upon political and other affairs thus:—"There has beeu no period in this country's histoi-y when graver issues have had to be .settled. Congress has before it the questions of taxation, retrenchment, finance, tariffs, and of the reconstruction of the Rebel States. Taxation is a most formidable question to grapple with; but it must be met, as the whole country is literally groaning under its heavy burden. Trade is seriously crippled by it—everything is taxed and boars a revenue stamp upon it, from a box of matches upwards; but how to reduce taxation with the present fearful national debt resting upon the country is what no statesman iu the land cm see his way clear to do without eudaugering the whole political fabric. Talk of retrenchment iu the face of such vast numbers of hungry officeseekers and political blood-suckers, who throng the whole country, and, like the horse-leech, are constantly crying give, /jive. To attempt anything more than has already been done in that line would be next to madness. But the reconstruction of the late Rebel or former Slave States will prove the most difficult of all—iu fact, it is the question of all questions just now how to adjust and arrange the shattered and disjointed political elements; and unless great wisdom and prudence, combined with firmness, is used this great Republic will yet be split iu two. At present the two parties, represented bv Butler and Sumner on one side, and Bingham and Trumbull on the other, are iu hot antagonism iu the House and Senate. If tho present state of things means anything, it means separation, and if it euds in anything it will be iu division. The whole of the former Slave States are iu feeling and sentiment as much in rebellion as they were at any time during the late war: «nd if there was a ghost of a chance for them to set up a Government of their own independent of the Federal they wt-.uld split off to-morrow. Tliey only submit now becausc overpowered by money aud numbers. But this state of things is changing fast, and, like people recovering from sickness, they feel their strength increasing every day. They may ratify and adopt the 15th amendment, aud again be clothed with all their civil and political rights, ^ud every State be fully represented in Congress, but that will not make them a loyal people. The history of tho world is full of instances in which a people kept down by force is a dangerous element to the safety of those who rule over them. I riiall not bo sayinn- too much if I kiy that the whole political elements are heavily surcharged with electricity. The rumbling thunders of party -strife are heard even now, and at any time it may break out into a fearful storm, carrying misery and suffering-, and even destruction and death in its track." . . . "It is likely that a line of steamships will be started between Australia and San Francisco, opening up a route via the Pacific Railway to Portland in the State of Maine, then by steamship to Milford Haven in Wales. By this route you will be able to reach London in about 40 days, and pa6s right through the United States from west to east, crossing over the Rocky Mountains, through tho great Salt Lake Valley, along the shores of some of the great lakes, through Western Canada, and, if yoa like, close past Niagara Falls, thus forming one of the pleasantest routes of travel in the world. Coma along when you are ready." 