A TALE OF THE FRENCH.REVOLUTION. (Trianlatedjbr tie."" Launeaston E,,sniner.") . OIAP'?TER XII. TIlE 5I.ADOW OF DzATII. The Marquis stood. cold and immovable as a statue. There was no meroy'on Ihis fixed and firm countenance. He seized Mile. de Verneuil by the hand, and aided by the Ohouan, dragged her from the room; for in the blindness of her despair she had snatched at his sword to avenge herself. " At this sighti Francine lamentably cried and followed her mistress. The Marquis went out, leaving the assembly stupifled, and closing the door ; when they arrived at the steps he looked at her for a moment, while she, perceiving the dead stretched out on the straw, cried bitterly "Thes word of a gentleman I" with alaugh, which was dreadful; she added "Whabn a day I". Yes," he repealdd," a day without a nor row." He abandoned' the hand of Mlle., de Verneuil, after a last long look at one whomin it was scarcely possible to re-. nounce. Neither of these inflexible spirits would bend. Montauran waited perhaps for a tear, but her eyes remained dry and haughty. He turned quickly round, leaving Pille Miche his victim.- " God will .,hear, my' prayer Marquis I that' you 'will have-a like day without a morrow." The Ohouan dragged 'her down the steps, and the Marquis giving way to a sigh of pent up passion, re- entered the hall, showing to his guests a visage like to that of a dead man whose eyes had not been closed. The presence of Captain Merle was inexplicable to the actors in this tragedy, and all looked at him with'surpriso. Merle perceived the astonish. ment of the Ohouans, and smiled sadly, saying "I don't think, gentlemen, that you will refuas a glass of wine to one who is making his last day's march." It was at. the moment when the assembly, quieted 'by these' words, pronounced with a carelessness quite French, and which pleased the Vendeans, that Montauran re-appeared; i his face pale and fixed gaze froze all the guests. - "You will see," said the Captain, "that death is about to give the living a now ap. petite." "Ah l" said the Marquis with tho. start of a man awaking, "is that you my dear Coun cil of War "' and .he offered liim, a bottle of wine:.. - - "Thank you, Citizen Marquis, but it might get into .my head you see." At this sally Madame du Gun said to the guests, smilingly, " Come, let us spare him the dessert." - "You-are very cruel in your revenge, Madam," answered the Captain. "You forget my murdered friend, who waits for me. I do not fail in my rendezvous." "Captain," said Montauran, throwing him his glove, "You are free. There is a pass port. The king's chasseurs know that they i must not kill all the game." "So be it ! Here goes for life I" answered Merle. "But you are wrong, I would not let you off, and I shall have your life if I can. Adieu I gentlemen. I could drink with my' executioners, but I will not sit down 'with the assassins of my friend," and so saying the Captain disappeared, leaving the company astonished. "Mort dieu I Marquis," said the Count do Bauvan, "I think the follow has insulted us ". ' The brusque retreat of Merle had a motive -he desired to see what had become of Mile. de Verneuil, and, if possible, to save her. On arriving at the portal, he cast his eyes around, but heard nothing save the far off and coarse laughing of the Chouans, who were drinking and dividing their booty in the gardens. He turned round the fatal wing before which the soldiers -had been shot, and in a corner he made out different groups of the Chouans' by the feeble light of some candles they had. He saw neither Marche i Terre, Pille Miche, nor t the young lady, but at this moment he felt himself gently held by the skirt of his uni form, and turning, saw Francine on her knees. - " Where is she 1' he asked. "I do not know. Peter drove me away from her, and ordered me to stay here." '" Where did they go 1" "There I" she answered, pointing to the road. -The Captain and Francine then perceived in this direction some shadows' thrown upon the water by the light of the moon, and recognised a feminine form which, though indistinct, made their hearts beat. "0 ! it is she," said the Bretonne. Mademoiselle do Verneuil appeared to be standing and resigned between two figures, who seemed disputing. . "Come," said the Captain, moving in the direction. - "You will be killed," said Francine. ' I have' escaped greater danger to-day," said Merle, and. both went towards the sombre portal behind which the scene was passing. In the middle of the road Francine stopped. "No'I I will go no further," she said gently. "Peter ordered me not to meddle. I know. him, and that we may spoil all. Do what you please, Sir, but keep away from me or'Peter will kill you." - - .At this moment Pillo Miche showed him self and called to the postilion.in the stable, perceived the Captain, and raised his carbine, saying--" Saint Anne of Auray I The Rector of.Antrain is right. The blues have an agree ment with the devil." "My life is saved I" shouted Merle, seeing himself threatened, "look at your chief's glova 1" "Yes, they are ghosts," continued 'the Chousan. " I will not give thee thy life. Ave Maria r'I ?He fired, the shot struck the Captain in the head, and he fell. When Francine ap proached him she heard him say inda tinctly "I would rather remain with them than return without them." -The Chouan rushed upon the blue to de \- spoil him, saying-" He has come to life with his clothes on." When seeing in the hand of the dead, who had made the gesture of showing the glove of the Gars, this sacred safeguard, he stood stopefied--" I would not be in the shoes of my mother's son," he cried, and then disappeared with the rapidity of a bird. To inderstand this scene so fatal to the Captain, it is necessary to follow Mlle. do Vereuill when the Marquis, a prey to rage snd despair, had quitted her. Francino then seized convulsively the arm of Marche I Terre, ued with tears called upon him to fulfil his promise.:- "Peter, I shall die if she is hurt, save her 1" - "Ah, you love her too much; let her die I" answered the savage. - " If we are rich and happy, it is to her we shall ,owe our good fortune. But what mat torse-have you not promised to save her from all misfortune I" "I will try, but stop thero; don't move for your life 1" Immediately the Chouan's arm was free, and Francine a prey to" horrible anxiety waited in the court. Marche h Terre re joined his comrade at the moment when this last having gone to the barn had obliged his victim to enter the coach. Pille Miche called upon his companiojito help to drag it out.. " Good I let us put in the horses," said Marche ,t Terre; and a "minute after the Ohouan, leaving his comrade guarding his prey,.led the- coach through the portal and on to the road beyonid. Pillo Micho by the side of Mlle. de Vernouil held her by the dress. " Oh, Pills Miche," cried Marcheo Terre, "I will buy all your booty.'.' "? What dost thou offerT' demanded the Chouan, making Marie descend. * I will give fifty livres of good rent-that cottage of my uncle's." "Done," cried the savage. "But the coach has money in it perhaps T' "You have 'bargained," .said Marche 'i Terre in a terrible voice. " Go,. unloose the. postilion who is tied up i& the stable.", " But if there is gold concealed." "Is there any I" said Marcho a Terre to Mile. de Verneuil, roughly shaking her by the arm. . . . " I have a hundred crowns there," she an swered despairingly. ' The two Ohouans looked at one another. " Eh I my good friend; don't let us' quarrel about a blue," whispered Pille Miche in the ear of Marche a Terre . "Let, us sink her in the more with a stone round her neck, and divide the crowns." "I give thee a hundred crowns of my share of the ransom of Orgemont," cried Marmhe a Terro with a' groan, caused by I making this sacrifice . Pills Micho gave a hoarse chuckle, and 1 went to seek the postilion, and. his joy t brought misfortune to the. captain whom he 1 met., Hearing the shot, Mareho a Terre rushed quickly to the place, where Francine i in terror was praying .on her knees by. the side of the poor captain. "Run to thy mistress," said' the Chouan t sharply; "she-is saved." He hastened him. s self, for the postilion came' back with the rapidity of lightning, and passing again before r the body of Merle perceived the glove of the t Gars, which the dead hand yet clutched con- 1 vulsively. ' . " Oh I oh I" he cried. ' " Pills Miche has a made a wrong shot ' -He' is not certain to i live in the cottage after all." He tore away t the glove, and said to Mlle. de Verneuil. who a was already in the coach with Francine "Heroe take this glove. If. men stop you f on the road, cry, ' Oh I the Gars' I and show I this-no harm will be done you, Francine,', said he, turning towards her, and seizing her t by the- hand. "VWe are quits with this woman; come with me, and let her go " j "You would wish me to abandon her at r such a time as this," 'answered Francine dolorously. Marche a Terre scratched his s ear in hesitation, raised his head, and showed a his eyes gleaming ferociously. "It is right; I leave thee with her for eight days, if you do t not come then." . . . he did not finish, e but gave a violent and significant slap on the I butt end of his carbine. As soon as the Chouan had gone, a voice I which seemed to proceed from the water, t cried hoarsely, " Madame I madame !" The c postilion and the two women shuddered with c horror, for some corpses had floated there. A. soldier hidden in a tree showed himself. " Let me mount behind your fourgon, or It am a dead man. The cursed pint of cider I which ' key of hearts' drank, has cost more c than a pint of blood. If he had imitated me, c and 'made his round,' thebo poor comrades e would not be there floating like galiots." ' Whilst these events were passing outside, the' chiefs from La Vendee and those of the I Chouans were deliberating at table at their wine, under the presidency of the Marquis de Montauran. Libations of Bourdeaux ani- E mated the discussion, which became grave c and important towards the end of the repast. < At dessert, when the league of military oper. I ations had been decided, 'the Royalists drank i to the prosperity of the Bourbons. At that 1 moment the shot of the Chouan Pills Miche sounded as an echo of the disastrous war 1 which these gay and noble conspirators do.- I sired to wage on the Republic. Madame du I Gua started, and the guests looked at her in I silence. The Marquis rose from the table and went out. "Go, Mi. de Fontaine," said the lady, "and keep him company. I really i believe he is foolish enough to regret the fate 1 of his enemy." She went to the window to I endeavor to see the corpse of Mario. From i it she could distinguish, by the last rays of the setting moon, the carriage rapidly whirl ing aldng the avenue. A veil was float ing out of the window. Madame du Goa furiously left the assembly. The Marquis, leaning on the. balustrade, was plunged in sombre meditation contemplating the Chou ans, who, after dividing in the gardens their booty, had returned to finish the cask of cider and the provisions promised to the Blues.- These soldiers of a now kind, and upon whom the hopes of the monarchy were founded, were drinking in groups, whilst upon the bank seven or eight of them amused themselves by attaching stones to the corpses of the unfor tunate' soldiers, 'and launching them into the mere. This spectacle joined to the different tableanu which the bizarre costomes, and the savage expression of these thoughtless and barbarous celos, was so extraordinary and so new for M. de Fontaine, to whom the Vendean troops presented something noble and regular, that he seized the occasion -to say to the marquis "What do yenou hope to be able to do with such barbarians ?" ' Not much-you think my dear count ?" "Will they be able to manouvre before the Republicans ? " .... " Never." 'i Will they comprehend and execute your orders? " "They will serve me to plunge my sword into the heart of the Republic," said the Marquis with a voice.of thunder, "to give me FougBres in three diays, and all Brittany in ten I Go Monsieur," he added more calmly " to la Vendee; telld'Antiohamrp, Buzasnet, and the Abbf Bernier only to advance as rapidly as I do,-not to treat with the First Consul as they want to make me fear they may" and here he pressed strongly the hands of the Vendean, "and in twenty days we shall be I thirty leegoes from Paris." "But theb Republio may send againstus,' General Brudo'with sixty thousand men." "Sixty thbusand menl truly," returned'theo LMarquis with' a mocking laugh, "and with what troops will Bonaparte make his cab-i paigne in Italy P . He will be away, and 'no' is our time. Bruno will not come, be bas been sent to Holland against the English, andl General Hodouvillo, the friend of our friend Bamnes, replaces him here. D.~j a uuderatund ene P" AM. do Fontaine looked at the Marquis keenly. The tivo. gentlemen understood each other, and the young chief added with an in definable smile, answering the thoughts ex pressed by their eyes, "Do Fontaine, you. know the device of my family arms- Persevere to the death." The Count took Montauran's band, "I was left for dead at 'Quertre Chemins,' so you need not be afraid of me; but believe my experience the times are changed," K " Yes," added La Billardibre, who came up. " eou are young, Marquis; listen to me, your blues are not all sold." " Can you conceive devotion without nocri fiae P" said Montauran. ;"Do you know the King well," asked La Billardibre. " Yes." "Then I admire you." "The King," answered the young chief "is the priest, .and I fight for the faith." .-They separated, the Vendoan convinced that it was necessary to bow toevents, guard ing his faith and convictions in his heart; La Billardiare to return to England; Montaoran to :fight desperately, and to force, by the triumphs of which he dreamed,the Vendeans to co-operate in his enterprise. S(b be continued.) 