A few weeks back we called attention to the little (bat bad been done in this town towards tbe establishment of manufacturing industries. We pointed out that while vast same of money bad been expended in opening np our mines, and endeavoring to develope tbe alluvial and quartz resources of outside districts, tbo9e industries wbicb go so far to make, and in fact form tbe sum of European and American prosperity, had been almost totally neglected. We showed as one consequence of this that the moment mining became dull, tbe trade of tbe town declined ; labor became a drag in tbe market, and all otber interests suffered in a . 1 , TX7 . .1 . proportional aegree. vet: were nut ai> mat time nnmindfol of the fact that mining mnst for many years yet to come be tbe staple resource of tbe inhabitants of this town, nor do we overlook it now. With its reefs, and its broad areas of alluvial gronnd at all points of tbe compass yet unexplored, no sane man can fail to see that a bright mining future await6 Ballar&t; ; for that the dark clond which now overshadows ourmining enierprises will soon be dissipated, is a conviction as firmly implaDted in our mind as anything can well be with regard to occurrences in the future. No pains have been spared in this journal to impress this fact upon the public mind, while we have concurrently in dicated the sonrces where discoveries may be expected to arise to restore confidence in this mode of iuvesting capital, and pointed out what improvements are necessary in manipu lating the ores to make alluvial ground and reefs, whicb at present are accounted too poor to work remuneratively, a source of perennial profit to shareholders. But while admitting and firmly believiug all this, the question naturally arises should we content ourselves with one source for tbe production of wealth, no matter how promising or per manent that one source may be ? Should we not rather contemporaneously launch ont into other and even more durable enterprises, the embarkation in whicb makes small states into great nations, and consolidates the pros perity of all sections of their inhabitants 1 There can be but one answer to these enquiries, and that must be an affirmative one. If we look at the progress which some portions of Knrnne and A merica have made, we cannot fail to see that in proportion to the expansion of their manufacturingintereats, has theiradvance- ment in every department increased, while, if we look at others, at those States which were once great, but which are now only re markable for their past histoiy, we shall find that their decadence has arisen from a decline in tbeir industrial pursuits, followed by those natioos, which are now commercially great, superseding them as the world's manufacturers. This pregnant fact famishes ub with a highly valnable lesson for onr guidance — one which shows that to be truly great we must be commercially great, and as this commercial greatness is only to be at tained by a multiplicity of mannfactaring enterprises, we should imitate the prosperous portions of America and Europe by enlarging the number of oar producing indastries. Asia and Africa are proverbial for their backwardness in every department of life, and this backwardness the student can easily trace to the want of manufacturing vigor, takiog them as a whole, which exists amongst their peoples- Though we have done mnch perhaps in the short time we have existed to open np vailed em ployment fur capital and labor, it cannot vrith truth be said we have done as much as we mighthave done, considering the natural facilities we possess fur this purpose. What is true in this respect of the colony as a whole, is peculiarly applicable to Ballarat, where, with the exception of a few floor mills, one or two cooperages, a tannery or so, a distillery, aud a few industries of mnch the same calibre, all our manu facturing enterprise is confined to tbe producing of what is required for mining purposes, as though there was nothing else worth the caring for. Guided by what we see occurring outside of us, it is impossible not 10 detect a grave error in this apathy about general industrial pnrsnits, while tbe dulness of the town at tbe present time makes it still more marked, and shows that for a large community to stake its welfare upon a single hazird is for it to exist upon veiy critical ground. What we require to do, concurrently with the task of opening up our mines, is to Gradually establish » number of manufac turing industries of a iborougbly permanent nature. If we were to do this, duhiess at the Corner would not stagnate business through the town, as it does now, nor would it prompt bank managers to put tiie screw on because there were few pur chasers of scrip. Tiiere would then be so many channels open for the abaorp iou of labor that the temporary decline of one in terest would not throw the whole trade of the town into confusion, while the fact of other wealth nroducers being at work would tend to enlarge tbe total capital, and supply mining with its" greatest requirement — namely out side support A very little reflection in fact serves to show that there is a strong interde pendence between permanent industries and mining. It is from the business people that mining has hitherto received its main support, and it is but reasonable therefore to infer that if the resources of the former are increased there will be more capital available for outside investment. There is an attraction about mining wiiicb is irresistibly fascinating to the bnman mind; the results, when successful, are far and away above what can be attained as a rule by business pursuits in tbe same time, and therefore there will never per manently be a lack of mining investors, though there may be a temporary occurrence of tbis nature. Bat people cannot speculate in mining without mouey. Increased prosperity to tbe town as a whole, however, would give them tbis power, and it seems to ns that there is no surer mode to attain tbis end, and so ultimately bring more capital to bear upon tbe development of our auriferous resources, than to widen tbe area of our mannfactaring interests. Instead of manufactures being an tagonistic to mining they would become its greatest auxiliary. Iu our view the very fact of our general industries being so limited in nnmber is one of the primary causes why mining is so dull, and why so general an indis position is displayed to invest iu mining stock. There is not the money available for speculation, because our means of making money, to UEe a common expression, are much more confined than they ought to be, considering our large population, aud the natural facilities for manufactures which lie at our very doors, nncared for by us, but eagerly so' glit after by those who are wiser iu their get eration than to risk existeuce upon one interest as we do. We shall always be in danger of periodic attacks of the general dul ness, which we are now experiencing, until we mend our ways iu tbis respect, while we can not expee mining to permanently prosper, ontil we feed it with tbe profits arising from more durable pursuits and from less fluc tuating means of amassing wealth than we can claim to possess at the present time. As to the kind of industries we require to achieve these ends, we have already enumerated them over and over again in these columns. They may be found in what tbe looms and furnaces of Europe and America are continually turn ing oat, and which we could produce to meet our own requirements, were but tbe capital forthcoming amongst us, and the same enterprising skill in its investment brought to bear upon their introduction and per manent establishment in this colony. A meeting of the friends of Mr Phillip Davies will be held this evening iu the Town Hall, Sebastopol, " To take into consideration the best means of raising subscriptions to present to htm on his liberation from gaol." The meeting, which will be presided over by the mayor, will commence at half-past seven. A case of sudden death occurred yesterday, at Little Beudigo, to a man named Thomas Harding. He was working with his mate as usual, and had occasion to retire a short distance into the bush. As he did not return in reasonable time, his mate went looking for him and called at a store, but he bad not been seen. A search was then made, and after nearly two hours he was found lying dead at the spot he had made for, and bad evidently oeen aruiCKea vims jil, ui wumu uc .uiuiwij occasions!!- subject. The deceased was a fine tall man, about 35 years of age, and was well connected. He has lived for a number of years at Little Bendigb. It will be recollected that, at tbe last annual meeting of the Bungiree Road District Board, it was decided to present to the retiring chairman (Mr Brnphy) a testimonial expressive of the board's appreciation of his services as chairman. Accordingly, a neatly engrossed, Bltbongh some what plain-looking, address was got up; but to this one at least of the members refuses to attach his signature, alleging as a reason that the board bas been exceedingly shabby in the matter, and ought to have given Mr Bropby something of a more pretentions character. Tbe next ordinary meeting of the board will be held on Wednesday next, when it has been agreed to go through the cremony of presentation ; but whether or not the course of procedure followed by the member we have alluded to will have the effect of delaying the matter is at present uncertain. Yesterday being the feast of the Epiphany, a large concourse of people assembled iu St. Patrick's Church, where the customary services were conducted. It will be remembered that on last Tuesday morning a cowardly wretch named Charles Ham ilton was brought up at tbe District Police Court, and remanded, on a charge of baviog assaulted and beaten bis wife. As the esse was mi judice we did not comment on it in onr next issue, but now that Hamilton had a fair opportunity of defending himself, and utterly tailed in so doing when before the court yesterday morning, we m > say that a more unprovoked, or a more wanton piece of brutality than his conduct in the affair, has very rarely been brought under onr notice. He was sentenced to one month's im prisonment, at the expiration of which he will have to enter into bis own recognizance of £50, and find another surety io a similar amount, to keep the peace for three months. Tbis may veiy possibly mean fonr months in gsol, bat if eight more were added, with a sound whipping at the eoa or every quarter, ne wouru not nave got one tittle more than he deserved. For beating his wife until her face was so horribly swollen and discolored that it was almost impossible to dis tinguish one feature from another, his reasons were thst she was jealous of his attentions to some woman, and he had had " to cook his own breakfast one morning." Let us hope he will be more punctually served while in gsol. The names of the two men suffocated in tbe True Blue Company's air shaft, and of which an account was given in our yesterday's issue, are Louis Schinkle and Antonio Olsen. Both were unmarried. The inquest was to have been held yesterday at Williams' hotel, but the result has not yet come to hand. A man named James Bowerbank was received at the .Hospital yesterday suffering from some severe injuries to the head. It appears that while in a beastly state of drunkenness be pur posely dashed his head agatoBt a wall. A meeting of the Loyal Liberal Association was held on Tuesday last in the borongh cham bers, Footscray. Mr G. Smith occupied the chair. After enrolling new members a debate was held relative to payment of members in Par liament, and a vote was unanimously recorded that members should receive payment. . The chairman read an excellent essay; subject, the objects of the Loyal Liberal Association. Mr D. Bartholomew addressed the meeting on the sub ject of pensions and compensation to civil ser vants. A vote of thanks was passed to the chair man and Mr D. Bartholomew for their able and. practical addresses. The. subject for discussion next meeting will be. Are Government pensions desirable? A woman named Mery Anne Thompson, re siding at Clyde street, met with a sliockiug acci dent yesterday. It seems that a horse stopped outside her door, and drank from a vessel in which she had had some water placed. Oa seeing him Ebe ran towards him with a view of driving him away, whereupon lie lashed out at lier, and, hitting her io the tare, fractured her jaw bone. She was subsequently conveyed to the hospital. At a summoned meeting of Court Egerton, No. 4S6S, A.O.F., tiie following brethren were duly elected to the several offices set opposite their respective names tar the ensuing half year:— C.R . Bro. Herbert Leslie; S CR, Bro. Conrad Boy sail; S.W.W., Bro. By. Moore; I.W.W., Bro. Joseph Thomas; i?.B , Bro. George Groves; LB_, Bro. Fredk. Fletcher; secretary, Bro. Daniel Wade; surgeon. Dr Keiser; trustees, Bros. Robb and Christie. W. Graham, P.C B. The Ballarat Fire Brigade has received Ihe fol'owing letter from Mr Rogers:—'' Brunswick lloose.— Ballarat Fire Brigade: Gentlemen,— In appreciation of your services at the fire adjoining mv premises on New Year's Day. I enclose you a cheque for £5 sterling.— I am. yours truly, Tnos. Rogeks. — 6th January, 1870." The children attending the schools under the charge of the Christian Doctrine Societies in Ballarat and Geelong had their annual treat vesterdav at the Botanical Gardens, Geelong. Tiie Ballarat schools. conveyed by special train, arrived at Geelong at half- past ten a.m. They numbered about 900 children, and were accom panied bv teachers and friends to the nnmber of between 300 and 400. At the Geelong terminus thev were met by the children of the Geelong schools, including those of the Geeloog Catholic Orphanages, and they then proceeded straight along Malop street to the Garden gates. Some idea of the numbers may be formed when we state thst the line of procession extended fr.ra the entrance to the Botanical careens uu»u lu mm'-i- boot street, or half a mite. In marching there they were headed by a portion of the baoa of the B.V.V.R, thirteen in number, playing lively airs. To them succeeded the girls from Ballarat. Then the Geelong girls, headed by tiie orphans from the nunnery of Our Lady of Mercy. The fife and drum band of St Augustine's Or phanage, led by -'blind James" who is their musical teacher, notwithstanding his p-iysical infirmity. Then folioweJ the hoys trom Ballarat, and the Geelong boys brought up the rear. There was a very large crow d along the route to the gardens, and all appeared pleased at t re ns t and healthy-looking appearance of the children. Once in tbe gardens all wended their way to a spot in the vicinity of the artificial ponds and there found two large marquees in which refreshments for the Ballaratiaus had been provided by Mr Mansfield, the con tractor. A similar provision for the Geelong children wis made bv Mr Tan nock, botli caterers belonging to Geelong. After all had received refreshments a commencement was made with sports of various kinde. There were games of all sorts arranged for both girls and boys, foot ball, swings, kiss in-ihe-ring, and what are more generally known as athletic sports. For the latter there were prizes awarded amounting to £15. There were many of the clergy on the ground, including Dean Moore and others from Ballarat and Creswick, and Archdeacon Downing and priests in Geelong, and all appeared to take gresl interest to the amusement of their numerous voung flocks. There did not seem to be any hi ' ch to the enjoyment of tbe day's proceedings, but Ft length towards evening many'appesred to be tired, and some of the children set off to the railwav station by themselves. There should have been just a little more attention paid by ilia teachers to the care of those placed uuder their charge, but to themselves tiie trip was & novelty and therefore they may be excused. Shortly after seven the roaio body were formed in pro- cession, as IO rue mormug, nun luutueu IA, LUC station, where the Ballarat children were hade farewell to by those of Geelong. The lecture announced to be delivered last night at the Exchange hotel, by Mr E. H. Kiddie, on the subject of Farraiog" was postponed through the smaliuess of the attendance. In another colnmn will be fonnd reported the inquest on ti e body of the womao Danoghne, who died at Blanch's Royal hotel, Sebastopol, on Tues day. the particulars of which were given in yes terday's Courier. Whatever may be the case in other districts (remarks the Mercury ), tiiere appears to be little cause for i.ntcry about the scarcity of harvest laborers around Davlesford. Yesterday we met a nnmber of men coming from Monat Prospect, who said they had. been in search of work far several dayE without success. A meeting of the National Short Hours League was held at the Eirl of Zetland hotel, Stanley street, Coiiingwood, on Wednesday evening; Mr Douglas in the chair. Tbe discnsBion (says the Telegraph ) was directed to eliciting whether the Government bad taken any steps to carry ont the promise made that the eight- hoars' system should j be initiated to all Government contracts aud public works. A deputation from the plate layers on the Government lines of railway urged upon the meeting the necessity of immediate action, as they are apprehensive that, from the misstatements which bad been made to the Minister of Railways respecting Iheir houre of labor, they might not participate in the change which it was believed tiie Minister of Railways contemplated introducing, if the enquiries which lie was making would justify him. The meeting ultimately directed tbe secretary to communicate with Mr Longmore, and ascertain, if passible, ex plicitly, the intentions of the Government. A donation of £5 was acknowledged by the league, from the Bricklayers' Society. The wool interest (remarks the Ape), is not reined, bnt it has changed its character. A new set of producers liaB come into tbe field. Tbe largest catalogue of wool ever brought forward In Australia was offered for sale on Wednesday, by Messrs Go'.dsbreugh and Co. The catalogue consisted of 444 iou, representing 5274 bales, nearlr the whole of which is tbe prodr.ee of farms in the neighborhood of Pentland-hilis, Bacchus Marsh, the Werribee, and Kyneton. There bas been a considerable talling-off in the quantity of wool from squatting stations this season, but this deficiency bas been fnlly compensated for by what bas been supplied by the farmers. On political matters the four Melbourne payers discourse as follows: — The Argus says — A rumor was current on Wednesday that the Ministry were not agreed ns to what policy they should adopt with regarJ to four questions — the abolition of state aid to religion, the payment of members, immigration, and education. Some difference of opinion may exist on th ee topics, lrt it is (o be hoped that a general policy in ac cordance with the progessire spirit of tbe times and the requirements of the colony will be adopted before tbe re-assembling of Parliament. Tbe Age remarks— Tbe latest romor about the reconsti action of tbe Macpherson Ministry is that a vacancy will be mode for Mr Byrne, at Kilmore, by the resignation of Mr Bourse. Even if thiB should be done, it is still probable that there will be a shift ing of the portfolios, and that Mr Cohen will go to the Treasury. Next the Telegraph-. — Rumor was busy in town on Wednesday regarding the new Ministerial appointment. The names most frequently mentioned were those of Messrs Kerferd and Graham Berry. How the first- named gentleman stands in relation to the Cabinet, onr readers are already aware. Only one circum stance, it is to be presumed, will stand in the way of the appointment of Mr Kerry to office — his own refusal to accept it. Despite the reports to the contrary, no actual tender of an appointment has, however, been made to that gentleman. Finally, we have the following from last night 'e Herald-. — Ministers expectant and news seekers will have to wait still longer for intelligence respecting tbe change in tbe Ministry. The Cabinet meeting that was to have been held to-day has been post poned until Monday, and the result of the pressure that the colleagues of Messrs Byrne and Reeves may bring to bear on them will not be known until next week. The Chief Secretary left town this afternoon for Schnapper Point. Although the manure manufactories are not particularly pleasant places (says the Telegraph ) they appear to be utilising the refuse of the slaughterhouse and other animal matter; for amonget onr exports last week was a shipment of some hundred tons of manure, specially prepared for coffee plantations, per the barque Shepherd, for Ceylou, Messrs liobertsoD, Wagner, and Co. alone sending over 120 tons of phosphoric potash manure (patented). This shipment is the first of a series of monthly exports. The following queer story appears in the Pleasant Creek News. The writer is described as " a gentleman long resident on Pleasant Creek, and who always bore the character of an ener getic, upright, conscientious, truthful man. He has for some time past been a resident in New Zealand." He Bays: — " I saved a claim here at tbe Thames through a spirit communication. It had been neglected, and was liable to be jumped, when I was told by spirit-writing that six men were coming at nine o'clock the next morning on to the claim to Jump the ground, with other par ticulars of their programme. I was there with the men I got, jnst in the nick of time to save the claim. The jumpers came exactly at the time I was told they would do, and tbey saw at once thst that they were completely checkmated, aud looked sheepishly disappointed and as white as ghosts when tbey saw we were too mnch and too strong to he bounced by them. You see by this that I am a spiritist." The Ovens Spectator is of opinion that it Mr. Kerferd elects to accept the law office of Minister of Justice, he wilt be defeated by a good local man, oo an appeal to bis constituents. A very pretty little swindle (says.lhe Age ) has been put a slop to b_v the arrest some of the persons who'hare b-rn I it in - men to it. It has been going on for some time past, bnt gene rally the members of tbe gang have acted to cantiousiy that lliey have failed to give any char.ce for tbe police to interfere. Latterly they have become so emboldened by their immunity from arrest that they have brought themselves within the grasp of the law. The modus operandi lias been for a couple of well-dressed young fel lows to go round wiili some pieces of cloth, apparently of very fine texture, which tbey offer for sale at a remarkably low price, on the plea i list it is smuggled into the colony without paying dutv, and in many of the suburbs they have dis posed of large quantities, but it is needless to say that the purchaser soon finds the cloth is nothing l.ut shoddy and perfectly worthless. Latterly the swindlers have hit upon a more profitable mode of procedure, and that is to make the cloth up into suits of clothes. They then proceed to a house, first making sure that the gent.eman is from home, and state that they have brought Mr so and so's clothes home, and are to be paid a c;rtaio amount which is generally given to them. A warrant having been issued for the arrest of three of them whose names were un known, detectives Hudson and Forster on Wednesday evening arrested a young man named Edward Driscoll in Ellis s Music Hall, on the charge of obtaining £4 from Mrs Wheeler, wife of an employe at the Public Library, by these means. It is said that a clothing firm generally supposed to bear a very good name in the trade, is closely connected with the gang, some of the members of which are to be met with iu decent society. ,, The cockatoos have been found very trouble some in the Anakies district this season. Flocks of them (says the Geelong Advertiser) could be seen within short distances of each other, and they have doubtless materially reuueeu mc quantity of grain. At eventide they baTe retreated to the hills, and have thereby enabled Mr Priest (of opossum- skin reputation) to estab lish a new branch of native industry, viz., the forwarding of scores of young birds to the metropolis, where they will doubtless to a year or so amuse many a family circle. The mode pur sued bv Mr Priest in getting to the nests is at times rather dangerous Many of the trees in which the old birds established themselves were not possessed of a limb within many feet of the ground, and thus Mr Priest, not being used to a tomahawk, could not climb up tlie_ bare trunk. In such eases he has been in the habit of attach ing a weight to a rope and tlieo slingiug it over the lowest branch; this done, he lias affixed him self to one end, bis partner taking hold of the other and hauiing him np. . There seems to be a large proportion of the in habitants of Melbourne pass through the lock-np every year, to judge bv the following from yesterday's Argus-.— Mr Castiean informs our contemporary that the number of prisoners who passed through the Melbourne Gaol during the year ju-t over was 5047. The number who have been lodeed in the Swanston street lock-up would probably amount :o 23.000. Last night's Herald announces that Herr Bacdmanu and Miss Rose Evaus will open at Sandhurst for six nights Bath will depart for Svdn v in tbe folaiwing week. Ye-terday's Argus says that tbe mission "of H.M.S. Bsrossa, whicb sailed oo Wednesday under staled orders from Tasmania, was to c ill at the port of Mtlbourne for the purpose of receiving ihe different deserters who hate been arrested here, and also those who have been caught in Sydney and elsewhere, whence they will be for warded to Melbourne, to be sent on board the ship. The concert at the Mechanics' Institute last eveniug was for the benefit of Miss Fannie Garan- dini, and was fairly attended, though not equally with the great merit ot tne entertainment, lue p rogramme was nearly a repetition of that of a former day; but it is a distinctive trait with these artistes that, however frequently their songs are heard, they never pall upon the iiBtener — indeed, tak< n throughout, there is not a more elegant evening's entertainment to be bad from any of the vocalists in the habit of making occa sional visits to us, nor one so perfectly free from vnlgar comicalities. Fun there is in plenty, witness the duet " Beware," and the trio " My lady the Countess." The excellency of all the members is so well known that it is almost superfluous to particularire, but in justice to the bciicficiare it may be said that her rich contralto notes were never heard to better advantage, especially in tbe song " I thought to be your bride," in which the sentiment was very strongly expressed. We notice that en eo tire change is made in the programme for this evening, wiiicb is intended to be a grand fashionable nigilt, and nearly the last before final departure of the troupe. The Lady of Lyons was again played at the Theatre Royal last night. This evening Herr Bandmann will perform for the last time, and, I for his benefit, will appear in " Narcisse," " Money," and " Only an Actor." The perform ances will be under the patronage of Captain Sundish and tbe other members of the masonic brethren. 