FATHER HYACINTHE ON THE INFALLIBILITY DOGMA. The following is portion of a letter from Father 'Hyacintlie published in the Journal dee Debate: — I protest against the pretended dogma of the Pope's infallibility, as it is con tained in the decree of the Council of Rome. It is because I am a catholic, and wish to remain such, that I refuse to admit as binding upon the faith of the faithful a doctrine unknown to all ecclesiastical antiquity, which i& dis puted even now by numerous and emi nent theologians, and which implies not a regular developement but a radical change in the constitution of the Church and in the immutable rule of its faith. It is because I am a christian and wish to remain such that I protest with all my soul against these almost Divine attributes to a man who is presented to our faith — I was about to say our worship, as uniting in his person both the domination which is opposed to the spirit of that Gospel of which he is the minister, and the infallibility which is repugnant to the clay from which, like ourselves, he is formed. One of the most illustrious predecessors of Pius EX., St. Gregory the Great, rejected as a sign of anti-Christ the title of Univer sal Bishop which was offered to him.f What we have said to the title of In fallible Pontiff ? On the 27th of Sep tember last year I wrote the following lines concerning the Council then about to assemble: — ' If apprehensions, which I do not wish to share, should be realised — if the august assembly should have no more liberty iu its deliberations than it had in its preparations — if, in one word, it should be deprived of the essential characteristics of an Oecu menical Council, I would call upon God and upon men to summon one really summoned by the Holy Ghost, not in a party spirit— one representing really the Universal Church and not the silence of some and the oppression of others.*' I again .utter that cry. I ask for a truly free and (Ecumenical Council. And, above all, now as always, I appeal to God. Man has been powerless to pro cure the triumph of truth and justice. May God arise and take His cause in hand and decide it ! The Council, which shouid have been a work of light and peace, has deepened the darkness and unchained discord among the reli gious world. War replies to it as a terrible echo in the social world. War is. one of God's scourges, but in inflict ing a chastisement may it also prepare a remedy 1 In sweeping away the ancient edifice may it prepare the ground upon which the Divine spouse of the Church shall construct the new Jerusa lem ! ' Fee re Hyacinthe. 'Paris, July 30.' 